Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng smiled slightly, walked down the altar, and walked towards the exit

At the same time, there was still a commotion in the Holy Martial Hall.

Thousands of people are lining up.

At any time, this Temple of Martial Arts is the most lively place in the Temple of Vientiane.

At this moment, there was a lot of discussion in the field.

From time to time, many people aim at the exit of the divine grade assessment.

"Everyone, that person has entered the Divine Grade Foundation Establishment Examination Room for a long time, why hasn't he come out yet?"

"Yeah! That guy went in at noon. It's already afternoon, so it's been a long time."

"According to the rules, the longer people go in, the higher the probability of passing the assessment!"

"No way? What do you mean, that person can pass the divine test?!"

The person these people are discussing is naturally Qin Feng.

Because after a whole day, only Qin Feng entered the examination room for the foundation of the gods.

From the moment Qin Feng entered the examination room, the discussion of him has never stopped, and various speculations have emerged one after another.

Even many later players knew that there was a super handsome guy in his twenties who passed the qualification certification of the gods and entered the examination room for the foundation of the gods.

In this way, Qin Feng was not at the scene, but it became a legend among the people.

In fact, the players in the field have changed a few times, and there are not many people who have witnessed Qin Feng entering the Shenpin test room.

Those are the players who are queuing up to participate in the low-level assessment.

The line was too long, they lined up from noon to the afternoon and had not yet entered the examination room.

"020 I don't think that the longer you stay, the greater the probability of passing."

"That's right! That's what I thought too. Besides, the divine grade test is extremely difficult, how can it be so easy to pass?"

"It's true! If you want me to think, that person will fail!"

The crowd murmured again.

Many people's voices are sour, and they seem to be looking forward to Qin Feng's failure.

For these people, they may not even pass the low-grade test, so how can they accept that others pass the god-grade test.

In that case, it would make them so useless!

Om~!

A clear cry!

Suddenly, the exit light gate of the mid-level assessment area lit up with a dazzling white light.

"Look! There is movement in the mid-level assessment area!"

"That means someone has finished the mid-level assessment!"

Everyone turned to look.

I saw a burly middle-aged man walking out of the door of light with a happy face.

"Out!"

"Did you say this person passed the mid-level examination?"

"Looking at his happy face, he seems to have passed!"

As soon as these words fell, an ethereal voice sounded above the hall.

[Congratulations to the contestant Jiunao for passing the mid-level foundation building assessment and completing the mid-level foundation building. You have obtained the second-level blessing of the Heavenly Dao! 】

[Reminder: The second-level blessing reward is 1000 attribute points. 】

Om~!

Another roar of heaven and earth!

Then, a dazzling white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on the middle-aged man.

The middle-aged man closed his eyes with joy, and comfortably accepted the blessing of heaven.

There was an uproar all around!

"Wow! This Jiunao is amazing! He has completed the foundation building of the middle grade and has become a powerful Earth-level powerhouse."

"Yeah! I envy him! It would be great if I could also complete the mid-level foundation building. It's a pity! I can't even say whether I can pass the low level or not!"

"Hey! I don't dare to level up now, because I'm already level 20. If I haven't passed the low-level foundation building test at level 20, level 21 will be even more impossible. The difficulty will increase by 20%! It's really worrying. !"

"Me too! Speaking of which, I really envy this Jiunao! This guy is so strong! He actually completed the mid-level foundation building! It's so enviable!"

"By the way, after this foundation building is completed, Tiandao also gives blessings, and the rewards are quite a lot!"

"It's really a lot! Even the worst low-level foundation building can get a first-level blessing reward, which is 500 attribute points."

It turned out that after completing the foundation building, Tiandao will also give a blessing reward.

Low-level foundation building is a first-level blessing, rewarding 500 attribute points.

Mid-grade foundation building is a second-level blessing, rewarding 1000 attribute points.

High-grade foundation building is a third-level blessing, rewarding 2000 attribute points.

The Need for Foundation Establishment is a level 4 blessing that rewards 3000 attribute points.

The low-level god-level foundation building is a fifth-level blessing, rewarding 5000 attribute points.

A medium-level divine foundation is a level 6 blessing that rewards 7000 attribute points.

The first-class god-grade foundation building is a seventh-level blessing, rewarding 10,000 attribute points.

So far, those who can get second-level blessings in the field can be counted with both hands.

In fact, two-thirds of the people who participated in the low-level foundation building examination failed, let alone received blessings.

Just a moment, the blessing is complete!

That Jiunao opened his eyes with joy, and then walked towards the corridor in the distance with a confident face.

There are envious glances all around!

Middle grade foundation building!

It's amazing!

Om~!

Jiunao hasn't taken a few steps, and the mutation in the field regenerates!

The exit light gate of the divine grade assessment area lit up with an extremely dazzling white light.

The audience was shocked!

Have a look!Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The crowd was even more murmuring.

"Come out! That guy is finally coming out!"

"I've been hearing from you all the time that a young man went in to participate in the Divine Qualification Assessment. The old man thought it was nonsense, but I didn't expect it to be true!"

"Tsk tsk! It's amazing! This person is amazing! Even if he doesn't pass the assessment, he can be qualified to enter the divine grade assessment area, that's an extremely remarkable existence!"

"Indeed!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed.

Na Jiunao couldn't help but stop and turned to look at the exit of the Shenpin examination area.

At this moment, he was in a strange mood.

Just now, he was complacent and envied by everyone.

In the next second, his limelight was overshadowed by others.

I don't know if this guy who is about to come out has passed the **** test?

Ah!

The divine grade assessment is so difficult, it is estimated that 80% of this person will fail!

Jiunao muttered in his heart.

There is a thought in his heart, that is, he hopes Qin Feng will fail.

In that case, it won't steal his limelight.

Even if he is far inferior to Qin Feng, he still wants to win that moment's glory.

Human nature is like that!

It was at this moment that the light door in front of him darkened, and a handsome and tall figure came out!

"Look! It's out! He's out!"

"Wow! So handsome!"

"This young man has such a good temperament!"

Qin Feng appeared!

The girls on the field were amazed!

Since breaking through to the prefecture-level realm, Qin Feng's temperament has become more and more otherworldly, and the whole person seems to have his own radiance, standing there dazzling and dazzling.

What's more, between his gestures and gestures, he carried a supremely noble bearing, which added a different kind of charm.

Seeing this scene, Jiunao felt a little uncomfortable.

He had to admit that this guy was really good at showing off.

But what's the use of selling well?

To be able to pass the divine grade assessment, that is the key!

At the same time, there were mutterings in the crowd.

"This man is really good-natured!"

"Yeah! He looks really good! I just don't know, did he pass the inferior divine grade test this time?"

"This...it's hard to say! The assessment of the inferior divine grade is extremely difficult!"

"He looks so handsome! If he passes the test again, it will be unreasonable!"

As soon as these words fell, an ethereal voice sounded above the hall.

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng for passing the first-grade god-grade foundation building assessment and completing the high-grade god-grade base building. You have obtained the seventh-level blessing of the heavenly way! 】

[Reminder: The seventh-level blessing reward is 10,000 attribute points. 】

Boom~!

Shocked!

What? !

A first-class **** to build a foundation? !

This is too scary!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

That Jiunao's eyes stared at the boss!

He almost thought he had heard it wrong.

But before everyone could recover from the shock, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The player Qin Feng was detected, and he completed the challenge of breaking 400 points in the assessment. Blessings and rewards have been upgraded by one level! 】

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng for winning the eighth-level blessing of the Tao of Heaven! 】

[Reminder: The eighth-level blessing reward is 15,000 attribute points. 】

Boom~!