Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone was shocked!

OMG!

Level 8 Blessings!

Never heard of it!

this person...

But without waiting for them to think about it, the ethereal voice of Tiandao reverberated over the hall again.

[Contestant Qin Feng was detected, and he completed the challenge of breaking 500 points in the assessment, and the blessing reward will be upgraded by one level! 】

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng for winning the ninth-level blessing of the Tao of Heaven! 】

[Reminder: The ninth-level blessing reward is 20,000 attribute points. 】

Boom~!

This time, everyone was completely dumbfounded!

The whole place was dead silent!

Shocked!

Incredibly shocking!

It was so shocking that everyone was afraid, and they didn't even dare to breathe, they all held their breath!

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

At this moment, it was particularly loud in the hall!

The next second, an extremely dazzling white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

Qin Feng closed his eyes in surprise and comfortably accepted the blessing of heaven.

He didn't expect that there would be rewards after completing the foundation building of the gods!

Moreover, this reward is 20,000 attribute points!

After a long time, the divine light of blessing slowly faded away!

Qin Feng opened his eyes comfortably.

After a while, he got 20,000 attribute points.

This is a great gain!

Then, he quickened his pace and walked towards the corridor.

The prestige challenge was coming to an end, he had to speed up the time and couldn't linger any longer.

Until then, the whole place was still silent.

Everyone stared at him blankly, no one dared to speak, and no one dared to disturb him.

In just a moment, Qin Feng's figure entered the corridor and disappeared from everyone's sight.

Until this moment, everyone came back to their senses.

"My God! Blessings at the ninth level! Never heard of it!"

"That should be the highest level blessing reward!"

"Yeah! That person is amazing!"

"Perhaps, we have witnessed the birth of a legend!"

"Remember this person's name! His name is Qin Feng!"

At this moment, the audience is full of sorrow

Chapter 355 Killing the Sky Survey, Level Up!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to leave the Holy Martial Hall.

At this moment, on the square outside the hall.

He opened the panel to check the latest harvest

[Free attribute]: 24~171 points.

good! good!

The attribute points have actually accumulated to more than 24,000.

There are not only the blessings of heaven, but also the rewards of killing Ji Lao, and the feedback from all the subordinates.

At the moment, he directly added the starting point

After a while, more than 24,000 points were added.

Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed again, reaching 8650 stars in one fell swoop.

If you add the power of foundation building, his comprehensive combat power can reach 14,650 stars, which is not far from the threshold of the sixth heaven level.

The battle power threshold of the sixth level of heaven is breaking 15,000 stars.

However, Qin Feng was already satisfied.

Time to earn prestige!

Boom~!

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he soared into the sky and flew directly to the top of the Vientiane Temple.

Today, he is already at the ground level, and he can fly in the sky without using the wings of the wind.

In just a moment, Qin Feng flew to a height of 90,000 feet and came to the black vortex.

I saw that in the huge black vortex, starlight dotted it, and the breath was extremely surging.

That is the gate to the stars!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and flew towards the center of the vortex above his head.

In the blink of an eye, he was only a hundred meters away from the center of the whirlpool.

This time, he never encountered an invisible wall of air again.

His realm has broken through, and he has the qualification to enter the gate of the starry sky.

In just a moment, Qin Feng entered the center of the whirlpool,

After a while, he felt like he was being teleported out.

After he stabilized, he found that the scenery in front of him had changed dramatically.

I saw an endless dark starry sky in front of me, and bright stars in the distance.

It seems to be above space!

Qin Feng couldn't help but look back, and was shocked to find that there was an incomparably huge planet under him.

That feeling, like overlooking the earth from space, is extremely shocking.

However, the earth is blue.

The planet below is green.

"It turns out that the big world I live in is a planet!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He could vaguely see that the green planet was covered with a faint layer of white light.

That white light is the enchantment that covers the entire great world!

It is difficult for even a heavenly powerhouse to break through that layer of enchantment.

Looking into the distance, he saw three moon-like natural satellites, all of them huge, orbiting the cyan planet.

The scene is shocking!

Those three should be moon stars.

Different from the desolate gray surface of the moon, the three moon stars are some cyan, some blue, and some red, as if life was born on it.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have passed through the star gate, defeat the guardian beast of the star gate, you can get a pass and enter the Lingtian Temple. 】

[Lingtian Temple: The place of Tianwu assessment. Earth-level powerhouses pass the Tianwu assessment, then they can complete the path and be promoted to heaven-level powerhouses. 】

[Reminder: Before defeating the Stargate Guardian Beast, you cannot leave the vicinity of the Stargate for ten miles. 】

Near the star gate?

Qin Feng looked behind him again, and sure enough, he saw the same huge black vortex, which was the star gate.

roar~!

At this moment, a heaven-shattering beast roar sounded above his head, and the entire void trembled.

He looked up quickly, and saw a giant beast, millions of feet in length, with no end in sight.

It is like a super huge space fortress, it is flying slowly, the momentum is amazing

Qin Feng looked carefully again, and saw that the giant beast was shaped like a fish, but had a pair of huge wings, and its belly was full of fish scales.

【Ferocious Beast】: Star Kun (Emperor Class)RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

[Level]: Level 61

[Combat Strength]: 2000 stars

[Talent]: Space Talent (A Grade), Law of the Wind (A Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Characteristics]: Star gate guard.

2000-star combat power!

It happens to be the threshold of the first layer of heaven!

Also mastered a rare spatial talent.

This should be the star guardian beast!

roar~!

Another huge roar!

The sky surveying star Kun has spotted Qin Feng and is flying at full speed.

It's been over a hundred years!

This stargate finally has a challenger!

It wants to defend this star gate and cannot let anyone with insufficient strength break through.

It's its job!

At the moment, Xing Kun's huge mouth opened to the sky, and he suddenly sucked at Qin Feng.

Boom~Long~Long!

In a short time, its huge mouth formed a white space vortex, which generated a monstrous suction and devoured everything in front of it.

huh~!

With just one breath, it swallowed Qin Feng into his stomach.

Xing Kun's eyes lit up.

So easy to swallow?

The players are a little weak this time!

But only when this thought came up, there was a look of horror in its eyes.

In the next second, its body swells rapidly!