Qi Yue asked again with concern.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's going well! I won the first-class god-level foundation!"

Qi Yue was excited: "That's great!"

In her mind, the master's progress made her even more happy than her own progress.

"Master, since you have completed the foundation building of the first-class gods, then we don't have to be afraid of the guardian forces in this area. In the next competition for points, we also hope to win the championship and get countless rewards!"

The little girl became more and more excited.

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Come on step by step! Don't underestimate those guardian forces, and the mentality of underestimating others is unacceptable. Also, the really powerful ones are those mysterious forces. So far, we have not met one."

Qi Yue said to herself: "Master, we have you in Longyuan Town, even if you encounter mysterious forces, you are not afraid!"

Qin Feng shook his head with a smile: "Stop talking about this! I'll give you a task now. Go to the World Channel to buy it and see if you can buy a dark treasure chest. If you can't get it, you can also buy a golden treasure chest."

"Well, Yue'er will go now!"

At the moment, Qiyue leads the way...

After Qiyue left, Qin Feng also officially began to awaken his seventh sense.

As soon as he took out the holy fruit of the soul, he took a big bite.

The crispy and sweet juice entered his throat and immediately turned into a monstrous spiritual energy that penetrated his body and rushed frantically to his sea of ​​consciousness.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, he knew that there was a constant roar in the sea!

The whole body also exudes endless white mist, which fills the entire room in just a moment.

In this way, Qin Feng entered the retreat of awakening the seventh sense...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed by the outside world.

At this moment, the Longyuan Town chat channel is completely fried.

Not long ago, everyone learned from Qiyue that Qin Feng had won the foundation of the first-class gods.

This surprised everyone!

The whole town is jubilant!

"Brothers! I'll just say it! The boss will definitely be able to win the foundation of the first-class gods!"

"Haha! I already guessed it! This time, even if Yuan Kong leads a hundred thousand troops to kill, we will not be afraid at all!"

"Of course! What is the strength of the boss now? Do we need to be afraid of him?"

At this moment, in the chat channel, everyone is still chatting excitedly.

"By the way, everyone, the boss and Miss Qiyue have completed the foundation building. Next, we should also complete the foundation building."

"Upstairs, don't mention this! The most important thing right now is the prestige challenge!"

"Yes! In half an hour, the prestige challenge will end. I wonder how much prestige the boss can achieve this time?"

"Hey! Let me see, the boss can reach at least 500 points."

"Will the 500-point target be too high?"

"Upstairs, it's too high for us, but it's not a problem for the boss. Besides, when has the boss let us down?"

"That's the truth! No matter how much reputation the boss has, we'll know in half an hour!"

"Yeah! I'm really looking forward to it! I hope the boss can give us another surprise. It's better to break 500 reputation points. Of course, it's even better to break 600 points!"

"Haha! Upstairs, you are a little greedy!"

The crowd laughed!

The results of the prestige challenge are full of expectations.

To be more precise, they are full of expectations for Qin Feng, and hope that the boss can surprise them again...

At the same moment, the headquarters of the Yuan clan, above the square.

Yuankong was suspended in mid-air, overlooking the bottom.

I saw more than 10,000 Yuan clan disciples gathered in the square, which had been divided into ten teams.

Now, they are waiting for the prestige challenge to end, and hurriedly send troops to attack those challenging forces.

Yuan Kong looked at the disciple below for a while, then looked up at the sky in the distance.

At this moment, it is already sunset!

It has been less than half an hour since the end of the prestige challenge, and all the answers are about to be revealed.

Thinking of this, Yuan Kong was full of anticipation and a little nervous.

Behind him, Ji Ning frowned, looking at the direction of the headquarter of the Qi clan from time to time.

"Miss Ning, seeing your distracted appearance, are you worried about Elder Ji?"

Yuan Kong asked with concern.

Ji Ning sighed: "Patriarch, my father has been gone for so long, but I still can't get in touch. To say I'm not worried, it's a lie."

Yuan Kong nodded slightly: "This thing is really weird!"

To be honest, Yuan Kong also felt vaguely that something was wrong after Ji Lao had been out of contact for so long, and felt a little uneasy in his heart.

"Ningmei, let's do it! When the results of the prestige challenge come out, after we have dispatched the army, I will go with you to the headquarter of the Clan to find out what's going on?"

Ji Ning was overjoyed: "Thanks to the patriarch! However, my subordinates suggested to bring more people over there. I'm worried that something might have happened there."

Yuan Kong nodded slightly: "Alright!"

Only after these words fell, an old man in gray robe hurried over from outside the camp and reported to Yuan Kong in the air.

"Patriarch, the three messengers of the Yaotian family have arrived!"

Yuan Kong was moved, and quickly said: "Quickly invite three envoys to the camp!"

The Yaotian family is Yuan Kong's backer, so he is naturally extremely respectful.

If it weren't for the support of the Yaotian family, he would not be able to suppress the beast gods and the old monsters of Xunyungang, and develop the Yuan family into the largest guardian force in this area.

"Patriarch Yuan, don't ask! I'm waiting to come in!"

As soon as the voice fell, three people walked in outside the camp.

They are an old man in a yellow robe, and he is a fourth-level heavenly powerhouse.

A burly and strong man, a heaven-level second-level powerhouse.

A beautiful woman in splendid clothes, a second-level powerhouse.

When Yuan Kong saw the three of them, he hurriedly descended from the sky and went forward to greet them respectfully.

"Elder Kun, Yuankong has been waiting for a long time, and finally I'm waiting for you!"

Yuankong greeted the old man in yellow robe politely.

It turned out that the old man in the yellow robe was called Yao Kun, and he was just an ordinary elder of the Yaotian family.

But in Yuan Kong's eyes, that is a big man.

Yao Kun looked proud, just nodded with a smile.

Afterwards, he asked again, "Patriarch Yuan, how are you preparing?"Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Yuan Kong smiled and said, "Everything is ready! As soon as the prestige challenge is over, we will go to war."

Yao Kun smiled and nodded: "Very good! How long until the prestige challenge ends?"

Yuan Kong said: "There are still twenty minutes left!"

Yaokun nodded: "That's fast! Don't forget to make an appointment after the results come out. Let's pick three of the ten challenging villages first. The remaining seven are yours!"

Yuan Kong smiled and said, "Don't worry, Elder Kun! Yuan has always kept this promise in his heart!"

Yao Kun nodded with satisfaction: "That's good!"

It turned out that Yuan Kong spent a huge price. After purchasing the Prestige Challenge Order from the Yaotian Clan, there was an additional condition.

That is, after finding the ten villages that challenged the forces in the No. 1 area, let the Yaotian family choose three first.

"Elder Kun, why don't you go into the house and have a cup of hot tea?"

Yuan Kong greeted him politely.

Yao Kun shook his head: "No need! The prestige challenge is coming to an end soon, earning points is a big thing, and drinking tea and other pleasant things, come back later!"

Yuan Kong smiled and said, "That's right! By the way, Yuan took the liberty to ask, how many points does the Yaotian family have now?"

Yao Kun smiled slightly: "It's not too much, there are more than 37,000 points!"

hiss~!

As soon as those words fell, the surrounding Yuan clan disciples were shocked.

Yuan Kong couldn't help but take a breath of cold air!

Thirty-seven thousand points!

This is too high!

Like their Yuan clan, they still have zero points!

The Yaotian family is indeed a powerful mysterious force!

Thinking about it, the Yaotian family has cultivated their own vassal forces in dozens of regions.

The Yuan clan is just one of them!

It is not surprising that the Yaotian family is so powerful and can get so many points.

Seeing Yuan Kong and others shocked, Yao Kun 5.3's eyes showed a hint of pride.

The little leaders of these vassal forces naturally cannot imagine how powerful their Yaotian clan is.

And this year's Ten Thousand Realms Hegemony, the Yaotian family started very smoothly, and the point harvesting has not stopped since the end of the novice challenge.

Soon, the points harvest in this area will come again.

"Yuanzu, stop talking about that! Let's wait for the results of the prestige challenge to come out!"

"Elder Kun is right!"

At the moment, a group of people are waiting in silence on the side of the square.

At the same time, zero-degree space.

Forty minutes have passed for the outside world, and six or seven hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

Right now, in the room.

Qin Feng was wrapped in a thick white mist.

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the white mist in the house rolled sharply, rushing towards him frantically.

In just a moment, the white mist that filled the room all poured into his body.

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with silver light, and a strong spiritual force rose from him and spread to the surroundings.

In just a split second, that spiritual power enveloped the entire wooden house and spread to the surroundings, instantly covering a radius of 100 miles.

Such a change is shocking!

After a while, all the visions disappeared!

Qin Feng opened his eyes from the meditation, and his face was full of ecstasy.

He finally awakened his seventh sense!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

Chapter 357 Get the S-level talent in a row, and get the eighth-level skill!