Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng opened his eyes from the meditation, and his face was full of ecstasy.

He finally awakened his seventh sense!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Refining the holy fruit of the soul is completed! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, from the early stage of the sixth level of the sky to the mid-level of the sixth level of the sky, and the combat power is +150 stars! 】

[Refining the holy fruit of the soul is completed! You have awakened the seventh consciousness - Mana consciousness! 】

It is indeed a seventh-order spiritual fruit!

After refining, it not only awakened his seventh sense, but also strengthened his soul body and improved his combat power.

Now, his basic combat power has increased to 8800 stars, and his comprehensive combat power is getting closer and closer to the threshold of the sixth-level heaven.

Qin Feng was very excited.

At this moment, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

【Congratulations on awakening your seventh sense! Your A-rank talent 'Six Awakening of Consciousness' is automatically promoted to S-rank talent "Seven Consciousness Awakening". 】

[Congratulations, in the process of awakening the S-level 'Seven Consciousness Awakening' talent, you obtained the eighth-order skill - Divine Consciousness. 】

[Congratulations, in the process of awakening the 'Seven Consciousness Awakening' talent, the 'Eye of Truth' has been strengthened tenfold and automatically promoted to 'Eye of God'. 】

【Congratulations on awakening your seventh sense! You have completely mastered the S-rank talent 'The Law of Destruction'. 】

[Congratulations, in the process of awakening the S-level 'law of destruction' talent, you have completely mastered the seventh-order skill - Destruction Crazy Thunder. 】

【Congratulations on awakening your seventh sense! You have completely mastered the S-rank talent 'Reincarnation of Light and Darkness'. 】

[Congratulations, in the process of awakening the S-level 'Reincarnation of Light and Darkness' talent, you obtained the eighth-order skill - the body of two poles. 】

good! good!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

After a while, he had mastered three S-rank talents and two eighth-rank skills.

The two eighth-order skills are 'Outwardly Divine Consciousness' and 'Bipolar Body'.

[Body of two poles: The eighth-order skill, also called the body of light and dark poles, can split the body into two, become the body of light and the body of darkness, double the strength, and destroy one of them 11, the other can be instantly Resurrection of the annihilated body. 】

[Reminder: The time limit for using this skill is related to the strength of the soul body, and the time limit for using it is two hours. 】

After reading this, Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised.

The body of two poles, he saw that the reincarnation Lilong had used it, and it was indeed extremely powerful!

Now, he has it too.

And his casting time limit is 2 hours, which is twice as long as Samsara Lilong's casting time limit.

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied with this bipolar body.

As for another eighth-order skill - Divine Consciousness.

He hasn't figured out what's going on, because the time is so tight that he doesn't have time to study

In short, this time he obtained three S-rank talents, awakened two eighth-rank skills, and completely mastered a seventh-rank skill.

These have greatly improved his overall strength.

However, his ascension is not over.

Qin Feng happily took out two things.

One is a white lightsaber, and the other is a golden divine seal with broken corners.

Qin Feng first looked at the white lightsaber.

[Alienation Golden Spirit: A seventh-order item, the Golden Spirit that incorporates the law of killing, can ignore all defenses and can only defend against it by attacking. 】

[Refining conditions: Master the laws of the A-level gold system, the laws of A-level power, and awaken the seventh consciousness - Mana consciousness, you can try refining. 】

[Reminder: After refining is complete, this alienated gold spirit can be completely integrated into the soul, so that it can completely obtain the S-level killing talent. 】

[Reminder: If you have bred a golden spirit, using your own golden spirit to fuse with this alienated golden spirit can speed up the speed of complete refining. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly, and looked at the golden divine seal on the side...

I saw the golden divine seal, with thousands of ancient seal seals engraved on both sides.

The Dao Dao Divine Runes exude a heavenly light!

The only pity is that the Divine Seal is cracked in the middle, and the corners are also broken and incomplete.

[Beast God Seal (broken): ninth-order item (incomplete), because it is broken, its power is damaged. 】

[Reminder: Fusion of this seal can refine the essence and blood of all divine beasts for one's own use, so as to continuously strengthen one's own divine blood and achieve SSS-level bloodline talent. 】

"These two are treasures! Refine the spirit of alienation gold first!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and picked up the spirit of alienation gold', ready to refine first

This 'Alienated Gold Spirit' is easier to refine than the Beast God's Seal.

So Qin Feng chose to refine it first!

And just like that, he closed again

At the same moment, the headquarter of the Zhi Clan, in a wooden house.

The Moon Spirit clone and the Mirage clone are meditating.

At this moment, the two clones seemed to sense something, opened their eyes at the same time, and smiled at each other.

In the next second, Yueling distracted his mind, and a shadowless and invisible spiritual idea emanated from him and scanned the outside of the wooden house...

Wherever the thought went, all the scenes outside the wooden house clearly appeared in the back of the Moon Spirit clone's head.

His heart moved, and his mind swept across a novice cabin.

The next second, he saw that in the wooden house, Li Ying and Zhu Xiaoli were surrounded by a pill stove, studying pill making.

As for the thoughts of Yueling's clone, the two women did not notice at all...

The Yueling clone smiled slightly, and the mind left the wooden house and scanned the second wooden house.

The next second, he saw that inside the wooden house, Longshan was surrounding a huge iron furnace, tempering weapons.

This Longshan has learned the level 3 blacksmith profession, which is a promising life profession

The thoughts of Yueling's clone left the wooden house again to spy on other places.

In just a split second, he scanned the entire station.

He saw Liu Xuan and others patrolling the camp, and also saw some people chatting, and some people resting

What everyone is doing, he can see at a glance.

Of course, he also saw some things that he should not see, such as: a female townsman carved a statue of his body, and then kissed the statue, this is a bit...

There are also some female townspeople who dress too coolly in their houses, and some even...

It seems that they are too confident in the confidentiality of the wooden house.

They didn't know that the Moon Spirit clone had mastered a skill that could ignore the protection of the wooden house and spy on everything inside.

That is the eighth-order skill - Divine Consciousness!

Of course, the role of Divine Consciousness is not limited to these.

When Yueling was distracted, his consciousness instantly enveloped a radius of thirty or forty miles.

He could clearly see any movement, any movement caused by insects and ants thirty miles away from the camp, as if he had seen it with his own eyes.

All in all, this skill is really powerful!

Even if he doesn't leave the wooden house, as long as the strong enemy is within thirty or forty miles from the camp, he will be able to find out in advance.

This is really one of the strongest skills for early warning and monitoring.

Divine Consciousness is released, it is indeed an eighth-order skill!

In fact, only by awakening the S-level "Seven Consciousness Awakening" talent can one obtain "Divine Consciousness".

Among the heaven-level powerhouses, there are not many people who have awakened the seventh sense, but less than one percent of them possess divine sense.

Because the S-level 'seven consciousness awakening' requires not only the awakening of the seventh consciousness, but also the six sense talents of vision, hearing, taste, and touch.

Many Heaven-level powerhouses have not awakened other kinds of talents, so naturally they will not awaken the Seven Consciousnesses.

Of course, the powerhouses in the demigod realm all possess divine consciousness.

And the strength of the consciousness is related to the strength of the soul.

The strength of the soul body of the sixth level of heaven, its consciousness can scan a radius of more than 60 miles.

The strength of Yueling's clone is only 60% of Qin Feng's, so the radius he can scan is more than 30 miles.

However, this is used as a means of early warning and is sufficient.

At the moment, Yueling's clone spread out his consciousness, constantly monitoring the surroundings of the camp to prevent a strong enemy from sneaking in.

At the same moment, the Mirage clone looked at all this with joy.

He and the Moon Spirit clone are of the same mind, so they naturally know what happened.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

And the continuous improvement of his body made him feel better.

By the way, the prestige challenge is coming to an end.

I don't know what everyone is doing?

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar moved and entered the chat channel.

He used Qin Feng's identity.

According to the law of heaven, the clone can also control some interfaces of the main body.

The moment he entered the chat channel, he saw that there was a lively chat in the channel.

"Brothers, in twelve minutes, the prestige challenge will end! I'm so nervous!"

"Yeah! I'm so nervous too! I wonder how much prestige the boss can get this time?"

"I bet the boss will definitely get 400 points!"

"I bet 500 points!"

"I bet 600 points!"

"Haha! You guys are really exaggerating each other! No matter what, the boss will definitely win this time!"

"Of course! What I hope more now is that the boss can create a miracle, so that the Yuan people can open their eyes!"

"Yeah! If the boss can get 600 reputation points, then 60,000 attribute points will be rewarded! The Yuan family will be deducted 600,000 attribute points!"

"Deduct 600,000 attributes? My God! Isn't that Yuankong going to vomit blood?"

"More than vomiting blood! I'm afraid it will explode on the spot! Haha!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone burst into laughter.

"Everyone, laugh and laugh! To be honest, 600 points is too high to expect, it's a bit difficult!"

"Upstairs, you have to have confidence in the boss!"

"Yeah! When has the boss let us down? I believe the boss can get 600 points!"

"Everyone, stop arguing! There are eleven minutes left, and the results will come out. You will know how much prestige the boss has right away. Let's look forward to it together!"

"Hey! The closer the time, the more nervous I get!"

"Yeah! I'm really anxious to wait!"

At this moment, everyone anxiously waited.

Feeling nervous and anticipating...

At the same time, near the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, in a large station.

The Owl people are already in chaos.

At this moment, in the conference hall, more than a dozen Owl Clan leaders gathered together and were discussing important matters.

Headed by the three old men, all of them are at the pinnacle of the prefecture level.