Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

They are the three supreme elders of the Xiao Clan, and they are also the three strongest beings under the patriarch Xiao Yun.

At this moment, the expressions of the three Supreme Elders were gloomy and somewhat unsightly.

Because the patriarch Xiaoyun has been out of contact for a day.

And Heng Tan and others also lost contact.

Now that the sun is setting, Xiao Yun and Heng Tan have not returned.

Something is wrong with this!

"Old Eclipse, the sun is about to go down. According to the agreed time, the patriarch and Hengtan should return. Why have they disappeared for a long time? What do you think of this?"

At this moment, everyone looked at the black-robed old man at the top.

It was a thin-faced old man with sharp eyes.

His name is Xiao Qi, and he is one of the strongest 797 among the three great elders.

Xiaoyun is not there, and he has the final say in the affairs of the clan.

At this moment, he looked at the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations in the distance.

The sun was approaching the horizon, and it would soon be dark.

After a long while, he said: "This thing is really weird! Not to mention that Heng Tan and others have lost contact, even the patriarch has lost contact. Logically speaking, this should not be!"

Another Taishang elder also said: "Yeah! Before the patriarch and others lost contact, our clan got more than 3,000 points. It means that they found the challenger and killed a lot to get so many points. integral."

Xiao Qi pondered: "That may be the result of killing Zhanxiong Village. But since then, nothing has been gained. There should be some problems here."

"How about this! In a few minutes, the prestige challenge will end. Let's first see what the Yuan clan has achieved this time. Then we will discuss and find the patriarch."

As soon as these words fell, everyone woke up.

"Yeah! The prestige challenge launched by the Yuan clan is about to end!"

"This is also a very important thing!"

"Yeah! In five minutes, the challenge is over!"

"It seems that the Yuan clan will be able to obtain the addresses of all the challenged villages in this area. If the clan leader does not succeed, we will be a step too late after all!"

"Yeah! Except for Zhanxiong Village, the other nine villages will be owned by the Yuan family!"

"Hey~! A lot of points will be obtained by the Yuan clan. Speaking of which, I really envy the Yuan clan!"

The high-level officials of the Xiao Clan sighed endlessly, and actually showed envy to the Yuan Clan.

Xiao Qi sneered slightly: "Don't be envious! Although the patriarch has lost contact, maybe he is just chasing and killing those challenging forces and has no time to reply to us. If so, the real winner is not necessarily the Yuan clan, but our Xiao clan. clan."

"Yes! I think it's entirely possible!"

As soon as the words fell, someone quickly agreed.

The eyes of the senior members of the owl clan lit up, they felt reasonable, and they couldn't help but look forward to it.

Just then, someone in the crowd reminded.

"Everyone, it's only three minutes away, and the results of the challenge will be announced!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone became even more nervous and looking forward to it.

At this moment, not only Longyuan Town, Yuan Clan, and Xiao Clan were waiting for the result.

The Ye Clan, the Huo Clan, and the Stone Clan were all nervously waiting for the result of the challenge.

It turned out that the result of this prestige challenge, Tiandao will be announced in the entire No. 1 area.

These forces can receive information.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there is only one minute left until the end of the prestige challenge

Chapter 358 One hundred thousand rewards! Famous area!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there is only one minute left before the end of the prestige challenge...

At this moment, Yuan Clan headquarters, on the square.

Yuan Kong looked at the setting sun in the distance, his face was nervous, expectant, and a little excited.

"Patriarch, the countdown is now!"

Behind him, Ji Ning reminded carefully.

"Um!"

Yuan Kong swallowed his saliva and stared at the sky nervously.

He is waiting for the announcement of Heavenly Dao.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Even Yao Kun on the side couldn't help holding his breath.

Heaven is going to announce the results!

This is a big deal!

He was also a little nervous...

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, inside the wooden house.

Qin Feng's whole body is full of golden light.

Boom~Long~Long!

And his sea of ​​knowledge was even more earth-shattering, and the roar continued.

That is the spirit of alienation gold is merging with his soul body...

More than ten minutes have passed in the outside world, and two hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

Within these two hours, Qin Feng first used his golden spirit and the alienated golden spirit to merge into one, and made a certain degree of assimilation to allow it to adapt to his own soul aura.

Then, he fused the alienated gold spirit...

It all went very smoothly!

At this moment, he is going through the most crucial soul fusion process...

Boom~Long~Long!

At this time, the soul sea is churning!

I saw that the alienated golden spirit was being integrated into Qin Feng's soul bit by bit...

At the same time, it also continuously releases the powerful metal power and the power of the law of killing, which has the potential to strengthen Qin Feng's soul...

【You are fusing the spirit of alienation gold! Your soul body is constantly being strengthened, and your combat power increases by +3 stars...]

【You are fusing the spirit of alienation gold! Your soul body is constantly being strengthened, and your combat power increases by +4 stars...]

【You are fusing the spirit of alienation gold! Your soul body is constantly being strengthened, and your combat power increases by +3 stars...]

…………

At this moment, Qin Feng's soul body is constantly being strengthened, and his momentum is also increasing...

The process went very smoothly!

The feeling of growing stronger made Qin Feng feel comfortable.

It didn't take long for the spirit of alienation gold to be completely integrated into his soul...

[Congratulations on your successful fusion of the spirit of alienation gold! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and your basic combat power has been raised to 8900 stars...]

[Congratulations on your successful fusion of the spirit of alienation gold! You have acquired the S-level talent - the law of killing...]

After a while, all the visions disappeared!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Whoo~!

Finally the fusion is complete!

He got another S-rank talent!

What's even better is that he is now 100-star combat power away from the threshold of the sixth heaven level.

Qin Feng is very comfortable!

By the way, count the time, the prestige challenge is coming to an end, right?

This is a big deal!

One minute outside, ten minutes in zero-degree space.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the Tiandao interface and entered the task channel...

Reputation challenges are also public quests.

As soon as he opened it, he saw the countdown...

[Countdown to Prestige Challenge: 7…6….5….….]

It's finally over!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and switched to the chat channel, where the chat was hot.

"Brothers, the countdown is up! The challenge is up!"

"The answer is about to be revealed! So nervous!"

"Yeah! Too nervous!"

This sentence just fell, and Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Regional Announcement: The countdown is over! District 1 Prestige Challenge is over! Challenge results announced now! 】

As soon as this information was announced, Longyuan Town and the major guardian forces all perked up their ears, and they didn't even dare to breathe...

At this moment, Yuan Kong, Ji Ning, Yao Kun and others held their breath in Yuan Clan Square.

At this moment, they also started to get nervous...

Immediately afterwards, Tiandao began to announce...

[Regional Announcement: The village chief of Zhanxiong Village, the challenge force in this region, has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

As soon as the news came out, Yuan Kong frowned.

Ji Ning and other Yuan clan disciples were all stunned!

They spent such a huge price, just want to wipe out the top ten challenge forces.

This has not even begun, there is one less challenge force, is it because someone has picked peaches?

For a while, Yuan Kong felt a little unhappy!

One less challenge force means thousands less points!

At this time, Tiandao announced the second result...

[Regional Announcement: The village chief of Yuelong Village, the challenge force in this area, has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

No way? !

Destroyed again!

Yuan Kong is depressed.

[Regional Announcement: The village chief of the challenge force Cosmic Bangbang Village in this region has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid!

Yuan Kong was stunned!

Something was wrong with him.

[Area Announcement: The village chief of the challenge force in the lighthouse village in this area has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

This is…

Yuan Kong was surprised!