Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

what!

This human is all right!

The stone giant was shocked!

Its enormous strength can kill a level 10 human with one palm, but the human in front of it actually blocks it.

Qin Feng also looked at the giant stone in shock.

At this moment, he clearly saw that the wound in the heart of the giant stone was healed rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye, and it returned to normal in a blink of an eye.

Fuck it~!

It turns out that the body of this stone giant has its own repair function.

What's more, it's not the heart at all.

That means that his previous knife was completely useless.

It is also true that the stone giant in front of him is just a monster, not flesh and blood, I am afraid that he does not even have a heart.

He used the characteristics of the living body to locate the weakness of this monster, which was wrong from the beginning.

So how to deal with this stone giant?

Qin Feng was thinking in his heart.

The stone giant also looked at him solemnly.

The strength of this human being is so terrifying that it has only been seen in his life.

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to think of a way to deal with the giant stone.

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he slaughtered the stone giant again.

roar~!

The stone giant roared, waving his hands continuously, and one cobblestone shell after another shot towards him.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed and rushed to the stone giant in an instant.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At this moment, three ground thorns burst out of the ground.

Qin Feng was already prepared, listened to the sound to identify the position, and avoided it as much as possible.

Whoops~!

The giant palm of the stone giant also slammed down.

Qin Feng turned sideways, avoiding the palm.

Bang~!

That palm shot in the air, causing the ground to burst and dust to fly.

Qin Feng took the opportunity to dodge, stepped on its arm, leveraged his strength, and jumped to a height of more than five feet, reaching the boulder man's chest.

Before the giant stone man could react, he slashed horizontally!

Swish~!

A blade of light lit up in the air, passing across the giant's neck.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The giant's huge head rolled down from the neck.

Boom~!

The stone giant's body collapsed suddenly and turned into a pile of rubble.

Finally beheaded!

As soon as Qin Feng fell to the ground, a dazzling white light flew from the gravel and poured into his body, and the warm feeling spread all over the body...

[Successfully killed the 11th-level grassland stone giant (mutation level), and obtained +1400 energy points. 】

[The first kill of the 11th-level grassland stone giant (mutant level) is successful, and you get +3 reputation. 】

Ha ha!

1400 energy points!

There are 3 reputation points!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

[Killing the 11th-level grassland stone giant (mutant level) successfully, a C-level mission order was released. 】

what!

exploded!

What is the mission order?

Qin Feng was very curious and hurriedly stepped forward to check...

Chapter 45: Breaking the Seal of the Five Elements

I saw a black token floating on the pile of gravel.

Qin Feng picked it up quickly

[C-level mission order: Activate this token to get an indefinite C-level mission. After completing the task, you can get extremely rich rewards, as well as a hidden treasure chest. 】

what!

Dark treasure chest!

Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up and his heart was excited.

Even if you win the first place in the novice assessment in this village, you can only get one golden treasure chest.

After completing this C-level task, you can actually get a higher-level dark treasure chest!

In addition, it also has some rewards, and the vocabulary of description is extremely rich.

As you can see, these rewards are definitely not bad!

Fuck it~!

C-level tasks are so awesome!

This time, Qin Feng was completely moved.

By the way, look at the prompt of this token, after activation, you will get an indefinite C-level.

Since it is indefinite, it is better to activate it now.

Anyway, there is no time limit, even if it can't be completed, you can put it aside for a while.

Thinking of this, his mind moved and started to activate...

Om~!

The next second, the mission token lit up with a dazzling white light, and finally disappeared out of thin air.

Heavenly Dao's reminder sounded in his mind.

"Announcement: Newbie Qin Feng used the quest token for the first time and got 1 reputation reward!"

Ha ha!

There are prestige rewards!

cool!

Qin Feng was delighted.

At this moment, the players in the entire No. 911 Novice Village heard this prompt, and they were all astonished.

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Announcement: Congratulations to No. 911 Novice Village, the corresponding conditions have been met and the mission channel has been activated. 】

[Reminder: Players can enter the task channel to view unfinished tasks under their own name. 】

what!

Mission channel activated!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he quickly opened the Tiandao light screen.

Sure enough, at the bottom right of the light screen, there is an additional task channel option.

As soon as his heart moved, he clicked on the task channel, and there were two more options.

One is a personal task option and the other is a public task option.

Click on the public task option, it is empty and there is nothing.

He clicked on the personal task option again, and in the unfinished task column, there was indeed a C-level task.

[C-level task: crack the seal of the five elements. 】

[Task content: Collect the cores of the five kings of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, then go to Juelongpo, find the Five Elements Altar, and crack the enchantment seal of No. 911 Novice Village. 】

[Quest Tip: Once the enchantment seal is broken, players from Village 911 can enter a wider world, where there are more abundant resources, as well as more powerful beasts and races, and the world will become more exciting. 】

[Task reminder: The 1,000 novice villages in Area 1, the world outside their enchantment is the same big world. The sooner you enter the novice village in the big world, the more resources you can get. 】

Fuck it~!

It turned out to be a drawing task!

After breaking the barrier seal of Novice Village, you can enter the big world outside.

There will be beasts above level 10, and there will be beasts above level 20, even level 30 and 40.

But the resources outside are also extremely rich!

And the quest prompt is very clear, the novice village will enter the big world first, and the novice village will have the advantage.

This task must be done!

Unless, that novice village does not want to develop.

No wonder this mission has no deadline.

There is no deadline, that is, until the task is completed, it is not the end!

Done!

This task must be done too!

Qin Feng was extremely excited.

He is now worrying about where he should go after sweeping the level 10 beast zone.

Now, he has a direction.

That is to go to the big world outside.

At the same time, this also shows that a thousand people from the novice village will eventually meet in the big world outside.

By then, all kinds of scuffles are sure to take place.

After all, there are a thousand novice villages from 197 countries and 33 regions around the world.

Many countries are full of contradictions.

Now, in this **** world of killing, there is no moral and legal restraint, and there is no guarantee that a world war will not occur.

"I don't want to do so much anymore, I have to complete this task quickly. The sooner this task is completed, the better it will be for our Village No. 911!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and hurriedly continued to watch.

[Task reminder: It is recommended that the tasker first go to the middle of the 'Liluo Prairie', hunt the Mammoth King, and obtain the Earth King Core. The coordinates of the location of the Mammoth King are: 398,872 Liluo Prairie. 】