Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Four villages in a row were destroyed!

This is not right!

Immediately, when he looked up, he saw Yao Kun, Ji Ning and the others looking over with stunned expressions...

But without waiting for them to think about it, Tiandao sent reminders one after another...

[Region Announcement: The village chief of Xiaowan Village, the challenge force in this area, has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

[Area Announcement: The village chief of the challenge force Shiva Village in this area has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

[Area Announcement: The village chief of the challenge force Fuji Village in this area has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

[Regional Announcement: The village chief of the challenge force Tu'ao Village in this area has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

[Regional Announcement: The village chief of the challenge force in this area, Dabdian Village, has died, the village has also been destroyed, and the prestige challenge is invalid! 】

A flurry of announcements!

All nine villages were destroyed!

The news is over!

Shocked!

"No! Nine villages gone! It's impossible! It's absolutely impossible!"

Yuan Kong roared furiously!

He spent a huge price to buy a prestige challenge order, and he expected to get a lot of points back and forth.

This is just great!

Nine villages are missing from ten villages, and he is still returning a fart!

What's more, he had to give up three villages to the Yaotian family first.

After all, he still owes it!

In the end what happened?

Yuankong was shocked and angry!

In the field, the disciples of the Yuan clan were completely stunned!

Even Yao Kun was stunned!

"Patriarch, this situation..."

Jining could no longer speak.

Yao Kun comforted: "Patriarch Yuan, don't be impatient! There is another village power that has not been announced, maybe it will leave you a single seedling!"

"Looking at your situation, the income this time is too poor. Our Yaotian family will not ask you to give up three villages."

Yao Kun sighed, with a hint of sympathy in his tone.

According to the price Yuan Kong paid, without four villages, it would not be possible to return to the original.

Even if he was given the last village left, it would be a blood loss!

Yuan Kong opened his mouth, and just as he was about to speak, Tiandao announced the last result...

[Regional Announcement: Longyuan Town, the challenge force in this area, the mayor Qin Feng's reputation has reached 806 points, and he has obtained 100,000 attribute rewards! 】

[Regional Announcement: One reward and ten penalties! To challenge the Yuan clan, one million attributes will be deducted as punishment! 】

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked!

Yuan Kong and the others were completely dumbfounded!

The field suddenly became deadly silent!

But in the next second, there was an earth-shattering cry on the field!

"No~!"

"My God! I was fined 1 million points!"

"Impossible! It's impossible!"

Howling!

Endless wailing!

Heart-wrenching cry!

The whole square was shaking in the wailing sound!

Even Yao Kun was stunned!

His mouth is wide open!

This result was beyond his expectations!

He almost thought he had heard it wrong.

Boom~Long~Long!

Before he could think about it, the sky above the square was shaking, and black beams of light fell on all the disciples of the Yuan clan...

In the next second, all the disciples began to be deducted by Tiandao, and everyone's momentum began to decline...

The wailing in the field became louder!

It has resounded throughout the world!

So sad! ...Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

At the same moment, there were earth-shattering cheers on the Longyuan Town channel.

The crowd is very excited!

The scene is blood boiling!

"My God! The boss's reputation is 806 points!"

"Yeah! 100,000 attribute rewards! That's 100,000 points!"

"I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't heard the Heavenly Dao announcement with my own ears!"

"Haha! I just said it! The boss will never let us down!"

"Miracle! The boss has created a miracle again!"

"God man! The boss is the real **** man!"

"Woo! The little sister worships the boss too much! I really want to marry the boss!"

"Brothers, the boss has been rewarded with 100,000 attributes, and the Yuan clan will be deducted 1 million attributes! They must be all mad!"

"Haha! That's for sure!"

The crowd laughed!

At this moment, not only the Yuan clan wailed, but Longyuan Town laughed.

The Owl Clan, Huo Clan, Ye Clan, and Stone Clan who were hiding in the dark were also completely stunned!

Oh my God!

806 reputation points!

One hundred thousand attribute rewards!

Also, that is Longyuan Town! Not Longyuan Village!

Only challenge forces that have risen to level 5 villages are eligible to be called towns!

I didn't expect it!

Such a powerful challenge force was quietly born in the No. 1 area!

Longyuan Town is not easy!

Qin Feng, the mayor of the mayor, is even more difficult!

It's only been a few days?

That Qin Feng's reputation has reached 806 points!

Shocked!

It's so shocking!

The disciples of the forces whispered in their hearts, one by one is unimaginable!

At this moment, Qin Feng's name has deeply shocked everyone!

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, inside the wooden house.

A beam of light through the sky descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points skyrocketed wildly all the way...

After a long time, the beam of light slowly dissipated...

Qin Feng also opened the business sheep, with joy in his eyes.

Then, he opened the panel and saw that it was a hundred thousand attribute points.

At the moment, he happily added his starting point...

Qin Feng knew in his heart that he won the prestige challenge this time, and it would definitely cause a sensation in the entire No. 1 area.

Next, he will encounter the crazy revenge of the Yuan clan, and even the joint revenge of all the guardian forces.

Those guardian forces will never allow a powerful challenge force to rise!

Also, those mysterious forces will also intervene!

Therefore, he must become stronger as soon as possible!

Soon, Qin Feng added 100,000 attributes.

When he saw the battle strength, he showed a satisfied smile.

PS: The little author begged for the monthly pass to rush down the monthly pass list, everyone, please give me a monthly pass, thank you!

Chapter 359 The combat power is skyrocketing! The army is coming!

Soon, Qin Feng added 100,000 attributes.

When he saw the battle strength, he showed a satisfied smile.

I saw that his basic combat power has reached 10,600 stars. If he adds the 6,000-star foundation building power, his comprehensive combat power will reach 16,600 stars, which is a proper sixth-level strength.

The combat power range of the Heavenly Grade Sixth Layer is 15,000 to 25,000 stars.

It is divided into three small realms: the initial stage, the middle stage, and the peak of the six-layer heaven level.

Today, Qin Feng's combat power is the early stage of the sixth level of heaven.

However, he has mastered a variety of S-rank talents, which is far stronger than that of the same rank, and his comprehensive strength can be comparable to the peak of the sixth-level.

Even the Heaven-level sixth-layer powerhouse can master the S-level talent, the number is extremely limited.

Of course, Qin Feng's strength improvement did not end.

As soon as he beckoned, he took out a divine seal.

As soon as the Divine Seal appeared, the spiritual light burst forth, filling the world!

[Beast God Seal (broken): ninth-order item. 】

Looking at the beast **** mark in front of him, Qin Feng smiled.

This is one of his biggest gains.

Now, he should also refine.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers, dripped to the beast **** mark, and closed himself again...

This time it is refining ninth-order items, which will take a long time.