However, Qin Feng is no longer worried.

With his current strength, the avatar is 60% of the strength of the main body, and the strength of the avatar has reached the fifth level of heaven.

However, the Mirage clone, Moon Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone have no distance restrictions, and they can leave the main body to be on their own.

Together, these three clones can completely defeat the peak of the fifth level of heaven.

What's more, he has Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue to help.

Therefore, even if there is a major event in the outside world, it will not disturb his retreat.

Unless there is a powerhouse above the sixth level of the sky to attack!

At present, there is no such strong person in this area.

At least until the dawn of tomorrow, there will be no sixth-level powerhouses coming.

After dawn tomorrow, it will be time for Tiandao to announce the rankings.

At present, the points of Longyuan Town are more than 29,000 points.

Qin Feng's personal score is about 20,000 points.

When the 213 points list is announced early tomorrow morning, Longyuan Town will surely shock the world.

At that time, many powerful forces will target Longyuan Town.

Among them, there must be a sixth-level heavenly powerhouse, or even a seventh-level or higher heavenly level.

However, early tomorrow morning, Qin Feng had already left the customs.

Of course, when the rankings are announced tomorrow morning, Longyuan Town may have more than 29,000 points.

Maybe someone will come to give points tonight

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was still a little stressed.

He is not afraid of the people who will attack tonight, but is afraid of the pressure after the rankings are announced.

By then, he will have to face more powerhouses.

The so-called wood show will be destroyed by the forest wind!

Therefore, he must refine the beast **** seal earlier and increase his strength.

With this in mind, Qin Feng began to refine the beast **** seal with all his strength

At the same time, Yuan clan resident, on the square.

At this moment, the atmosphere in the audience was depressed.

Yuan Kong's face was extremely gloomy!

This time, the Yuan clan suffered a huge blood loss!

Not only did they not get the addresses of any challenging forces, but they also made the Yuan clan fined 1 million attribute points.

1 million attribute points is not a small number, which makes the overall strength of the Yuan clan drop a lot.

This is unbearable and unacceptable to Yuan Kong!

For a moment, he almost exploded on the spot!

After a long time, he swallowed the breath, and people gradually regained their composure.

Yao Kun on the side was also gloomy.

He also heard the Heavenly Dao announcement just now.

That is very bad news!

He also did not expect that a powerful Longyuan Town was born in this unremarkable No. 1 area.

The forces that can be called towns are all villages above level 5.

This must be taken seriously!

"Yuan Kong, what do you think about this?"

Yao Kun asked with a serious face.

Everyone around didn't dare to speak, and they all perked up their ears to listen.

This is no small matter!

Next, the Yuan clan will definitely take revenge!

That Longyuan Town hurt them so miserably!

How can they let go?

At the moment, Yuan Kong took a deep breath and said: "Elder Kun, Yuan did not expect that a Longyuan Town would be born in this ordinary No. 1 area. And Qin Feng, the mayor of the town, got 806 points. Reputation is definitely a character."

Yao Kun nodded slightly: "In such a short period of time, it is really not easy to raise your reputation to such a terrifying level! If the old man had not heard the announcement in person, he would have thought it was fake."

"Speaking of which, this is the first time I have heard such anecdotes after living for so many years. That Qin Feng is indeed not easy!"

As soon as these words fell, the Yao clan man behind Yao Kun slightly twitched the corners of his mouth.

He said a little bit sourly: "Elder Kun, if you want me to see, that Qin Feng may be lucky, and he did a mission to gain prestige, and then he suddenly got such a high prestige."

"Otherwise, how could the challenge of a small thousand world be able to gain so much prestige in such a short period of time? Even if the best disciples of my Yaotian clan take action, they can't do it."

The man who spoke was named Yao Zhong, who was considered the leader of the younger generation of the Yaotian clan, and was naturally arrogant.

As soon as he finished speaking, the woman beside him also agreed.

"That's right! I think Brother Yao Zhong is right! As we all know, the way of heaven is above chance, and it is very inclined to challenge forces."

That woman was named Yao Ling, and she was also the leader of the younger generation in the Yaotian clan.

These two were a little dissatisfied with Qin Feng's achievements from the bottom of their hearts.

You must know that they are from the Yaotian family who is aloof.

At the moment, Yao Kun said: "That said, it is an indisputable fact that the starting point of the challenge forces is low. It is understandable that the way of heaven favors them. Let's not talk about this! Patriarch Yuan, what do you think of this?"

Yuan Kong hesitated for a while and said, "Elder Kun, please forgive Yuan, the existence of this Longyuan Town is also a great danger to the Yaotian family. Yuan feels that we must clear it soon!"

As soon as these words fell, the eyes of all the Yuan clan disciples lit up.

They knew that the patriarch wanted to use the power of the Yaotian family to help get rid of Longyuan Town.

To be honest, that Longyuan Town is not easy to deal with at first sight. Their Yuan clan went to eat alone, I am afraid that they may not be able to chew.

If the Yaotian family can be invited to take action, then there is hope.

Within the Yaotian clan, there are masters of the ninth level of the heavens to do the town!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Of course, Yao Kun also heard that Yuan Kong wanted to kill with a knife.

However, he did not get angry, but instead showed a contemplative color.

Because what Yuan Kong said is true!

The existence of Longyuan Town is indeed a threat to the Yaotian family.

One thousand districts are one competition area!

This Blue Star Realm has 10,000 districts, that is, ten competition districts.

Each time the points are ranked, the top ten in the competition area will be rewarded.

The Yaotian clan is not the strongest in this competition area, and its comprehensive strength ranks around tenth.

Now that a Longyuan Town has suddenly appeared, it will seriously threaten the ranking rewards of the Yaotian Clan. Don't be careless!

He wants to kill all these possibilities in the cradle.

At the moment, he sighed: "In the past, the points were competing for hegemony! The major mysterious forces are the protagonists, the guardian forces are the supporting roles, and the challenging forces are the newcomers who are shortlisted."

"The number of newcomers shortlisted in each session is the largest, but they are all cannon fodder. They are here to serve as foils. It is already a great achievement for them to survive and become the guardian force of the next world."

"Unexpectedly, this year's Blue Star competition area has an incredible challenge force. Their performance has surpassed the guardian force and is expected to compete with many mysterious forces for the ranking."

Speaking of this, Yao Kun was full of emotion!

Naturally, he was talking about Longyuan Town.

Then, he said again: "Clan Chief Yuan, you are right! That Longyuan Town is a hidden danger that must be removed as soon as possible. However, do you know their location?"

"Uh~! This..."

Yuan Kong couldn't help but let out a wry smile on the ground.

This really stumped him!

Yao Kun sighed: "If you can't find the location of Longyuan Town, it will be a headache. These challenging forces are uniquely endowed. The longer they survive, the faster they will grow! We can't wait like this!"

"By the way, your Yuan clan failed this time in the prestige challenge. You didn't get the address of Longyuan Town, instead of revealing the address of your old nest. Next, if your Yuan clan did nothing, it would be dangerous!"

Yuan Kong's face changed greatly.

According to the rules, if there is a leader of the challenging force, after breaking 200 reputation points, you can know the address of the Yuan clan's lair.

In other words, the people of Longyuan Town already know the location of the Yuan clan's nest.

In fact, the location of the Yuan clan's old nest has been marked on the map by Tiandao, and it has been shown to all Longyuan townspeople.

This time, the Yuan clan is the enemy and we are clear, and the situation is unfavorable!

Thinking of this, Yuan Kong said urgently: "Elder Kun, you have to help Yuan to solve this crisis! You said, what should our Yuan family do now?"

Yaokun smiled bitterly: "What else can we do? There is no better way than destroying Longyuan Town. But you don't know the location of Longyuan Town, so what can you do? By the way, this area can be closed recently. What's wrong?"

"Abnormal?"

Yuan Kong muttered while thinking.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up: "Elder Kun, if you mention it like this, there is really something unusual."

Yao Kun hurriedly asked, "What's the matter?"

Yuan Kong: "It's like this! I finished the last seven clan meeting, and the children of all clans started to act. Only the Cang clan and the Zhi clan did not move. I will send Ji Lao to the Zhi clan to investigate."

"But after Ji Lao passed away, we lost contact. So far, we haven't been able to get in touch. Yuan is planning to go to the Clan in person once the prestige challenge is over. Now that I think about it, this matter is very suspicious!"

Yao Kun's eyes lit up: "If you say that, it's really suspicious. With Ji Lao's strength, it's impossible to lose contact for so long. Besides, apart from the beast god, no one can touch Ji Lao."

"And the beast **** also knows that Ji Lao is your person, and you are our Yaotian clan. He dare not start with Ji Lao. According to this analysis, the Qi clan has a big problem. As the saying goes, there must be something abnormal. Demon!"

Yuan Kong slapped his thigh: "That's right! There must be something wrong with the Qi clan! Maybe, this matter has something to do with Longyuan Town!"

Yao Kun nodded: "It makes sense! Otherwise, we will set off immediately and go to the Qi clan to explore!"

Up to now, Yao Kun is very concerned about the appearance of Longyuan Town.

He can't wait to find Longyuan Town immediately and get rid of this trouble for the Yaotian family as soon as possible.

Yuan Kong hesitated for a moment and said, "Elder Kun, since we're going, we'll bring the 30,000 troops of the Yuan clan to kill them. If we really meet people from Longyuan Town, the 30,000 troops will also be useful."

This time the prestige challenge was defeated, Yuan Kong became cautious and not as arrogant as before.

Yao Kun nodded slightly: "Alright! There are so many people, great strength! If something happens, you can escape some people, so that the entire army will not be wiped out."

Having said that, he looked at Yao Zhong again.

"Xiaozhong, hurry up to the Hui clan and tell the senior members of the clan about Longyuan Town. As for how they arrange it, it is their business. In short, this matter should not be taken lightly."

Yao Zhong hesitated: "Elder Kun, will you make a big fuss? Is that Longyuan Town really that powerful?"

Yao Kun sighed: "Beware of trouble! It would be bad if Longyuan Town took away the ranking this time."

"Yao Zhong understands!"

Yao Zhong led the order and went directly to the Yaotian family headquarters.

At the moment, Yuan Kong and Yao Kun stopped talking and started to organize an army.

A quarter of an hour later, the two of them led an army of 30,000 people and marched mightily towards the headquarter of the Qi Clan.

Chapter 360 Anti-Qin Alliance! Xunyun ancestors!

As the sun went down, Ji Ning looked at the departing Yuan army, feeling a little complicated.

She had wanted to follow along.