Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Is there any chance of getting into the top ten with such points?

If you can't make it into the top ten, you won't get any rewards!

At this thought, Qin Feng felt uneasy.

However, at the moment, he is trying his best to refine the Divine Beast Seal, and he has no time to deal with trivial matters. It all depends on luck.

In this way, the Moon Spirit clone silently guarded the camp.

Liu Xuan also increased his inspection of the camp.

Time flies!

Before I knew it, five hours had passed.

In the zero-degree space, Qin Feng's refining of the seal of the beast has come to an end.

Outside, the sky is already pitch black!

Outside the camp, there are already five fingers out of sight!

It's already late at night!

At this moment, inside the wooden house.

Yueling's clone sat alone in meditation.

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, suddenly opened his eyes and looked up in a certain direction outside the camp.

In that direction, his divine sense scanned it, and there was a group of figures, who were rushing towards the headquarter of the Qi clan.

Looking at the number of those figures, there are 30,000!

Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up involuntarily, and she slowly stood up.

At this moment, there was joy in his eyes.

Don't guess!

That group of army should be Yuan people!

I really didn't expect the Yuan clan's revenge to come so quickly.

But for the Moon Spirit clone, it was an opportunity.

More than 30,000 people!

That represents a lot of points, energy points, and attribute points.

A harvest feast is about to begin!

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone hurriedly summoned his subordinates and prepared to act.

Chapter 361 Bomb kills the sky! Activate God Level!

When Yueling distracted her thoughts, the surrounding space changed for a while.

The next second, the Mirage clone, Bing Ling clone, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue appeared one after another.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue stepped forward to say hello.

"Master, you called us out, did something happen?"

Qi Yue asked in a low voice.

Now, it is late at night outside.

Suddenly summoned so late, something big must have happened.

Yueling clone hurriedly said: "There is a big enemy invasion! It is estimated that there are more than 30,000 children of the Yuan clan. You quickly inform the army of the camp, let Liu Xuan lead the army, and prepare to fight!"

Qi Yue was shocked, and quickly entered the chat channel and issued an order.

Boom~!

As soon as the order came out, the entire camp became restless.

Many people exclaimed!

The descendants of the Yuan clan really came!

Those guys got their revenge so fast!

In the next second, the entire camp was urgently mobilized.

After a while, five figures flew out of the camp first. It was the three clones, Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue.

It didn't take long for Liu Xuan to lead an army of 8,000, followed closely...

At the same time, thirty miles away.

A group of large armies are smashing towards the headquarter of the Clan.

Above that army, Yuan Kong, Yao Kun, and Yao Ling flew at the forefront.

Behind the three, there were more than 170 prefecture-level powerhouses.

At this moment, Yuan Kong is looking at the direction of the headquarter of the Qi clan.

"Elder Kun, there are still 20 or 30 miles to go, and we can reach the headquarter of the Clan. If we get closer, the people in the Clan camp should be aware of our arrival!"

Yao Kun didn't take it seriously: "Although the movement of the 30,000-strong army is very large, it is absolutely impossible for the people in the Qi clan camp to find our traces at such a long distance."

Yao Ling also echoed: "Yeah! If you want to sense our arrival from such a long distance, I'm afraid that the sixth-level powerhouse can't do it. Yuankong Patriarch, which Qin Feng do you think has such strength? "

"This..." Yuan Kong hesitated.

Then, he sighed: "Hey! I have been analyzing the strength of Qin Feng along the way. If he can keep Ji Lao, his strength will definitely have the third level of heaven. As for whether there is a fourth level of heaven, I think there is a 90% probability. no!"

Yao Kun nodded slightly: "Your analysis makes sense! Although Qin Feng is a genius in the sky, but his time into this killing world is too short. In these ten days, he can be promoted to the fourth level of the sky, which is simply heaven. Night Tan!"

"Actually, he can have the strength of the third level of heaven, that is already an incomparable evildoer, beyond my imagination!"

Yuan Kong hurriedly said: "Yeah! According to this analysis, Qin Feng's strength is from the third level to the peak of the third level. With the power of Elder Kun alone, it can be easily crushed. If you add me and Miss Yao Ling to help, kill It's easier for him."

Hearing this, Yao Kun's wrinkled face immediately stretched out, revealing a faint smile.

He is a dignified fourth-level heavenly powerhouse, so naturally he did not take the third-level heavenly level in his eyes.

Immediately, he said: "That said, but that Qin Feng is growing too fast and must be eliminated as soon as possible. Otherwise, in five or six days, he will be able to reach the fourth level of heaven, and then kill him. I'm afraid it will be more difficult!"

Hearing this, Yuan Kong's expression suddenly became solemn.

Then, Yuan Kong sighed: "Yeah! The most terrifying thing about Qin Feng is the terrifying growth rate. This is also Tiandao's favoritism towards challengers, so we have to guard against it! Fortunately, we found out early."

"I'm afraid Qin Feng didn't expect that Mu Xiu would be destroyed by Lin Feng! Every excellent challenger will be taken care of by the major guardian forces and mysterious strengths. The better those people are, the more they die. morning!"

Yaokun smiled and said, "Let's speed up! The sooner this matter is dealt with, the better!"

Yuan Kong's head moved: "Elder Kun, if you and I, go to the camp to explore first. If the camp is not from Longyuan Town, then we have misunderstood. We should withdraw in time, so as not to cause trouble. The beast **** is dissatisfied."

Yao Kun thought for a while: "Alright! Let's go!"

"Elder! I'll go too!" Yao Ling also took the initiative to ask for orders.

Yuan Kong was overjoyed: "Miss Yaoling will go with you, it would be better. Where is Yuan Xuan?"

"Subordinates are here!"

At this time, a middle-aged man flew over.

Yuan Kong then instructed: "Yuan Xuan, Elder Kun, me, and Miss Yao Ling, go to the Qi clan camp to explore together. You will lead an army of 30,000 and follow!"

"My subordinate understands!"

After doing this, the three of Yuan Kong rushed to the headquarter of the Qi clan first.

This time, Yuan Kong was accompanied by Yao Kun and Yao Ling, and he was full of confidence in this investigation.

Even if he did meet Qin Feng, he was confident enough to win it.

Up to now, he still thinks that Qin Feng is at most the strength of the third level of heaven, even weaker than him.

With such strength, how could they be the opponents of the three of them?

Obviously, he has far underestimated Qin Feng's strength! ...

But on the other side, Yueling clone, Phantom Mirage clone, Bingling clone, Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue were rushing towards the Yuan army.

This way, the five people are extremely fast.

Before long, they were twenty miles away from the camp.

At this moment, in the night ahead, there were three rapid sounds of breaking through the air.

The five Yueling clones couldn't help but stop.

It didn't take long for three figures to arrive at the scene, an old man in golden clothes, a man in green robe, and a woman in Chinese clothes.

It was the three Yao Kun!

When the three of them saw the five Yueling clones, they were slightly taken aback, a little surprised.

And Qin Feng's three avatars are all calm.

Their consciousness had already discovered each other.

At this moment, Yueling's clone opened the eyes of God's peeping, and went to investigate Yaokun...

[Human]: The Hidden One

[realm]: heaven level

[Level]: Level 62

[Talent]: The Law of Gold (A-level), the Law of Fire (A-level)

[Combat Strength]: Four Heavenly Levels

[Origin]: From the mysterious force Yaotian clan.

"Hey! The Hidden One? This old man is actually a member of the mysterious force!"

The Moon Spirit clone was a little surprised.

At the same time, the Mirage clone and Bing Ling clone also discovered the identity of Yuan Kong and Yao Ling.

One is the patriarch of the Yuan clan!

One is the son of the Yaotian clan!

The three were not surprised but delighted!

According to the rules of heaven, the benefits of killing the hidden person are more than killing the guardian.

These three guys are taking the initiative to send benefits to the door!

Especially the head of the Yuan family, they hadn't gone to trouble yet, but this person came to the door by himself...ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

At the same time, Yao Kun and the others were also looking at the five Yueling clones.

Among the five, the first three looked exactly the same, with yellow skin, black hair, and black eyes. They were all very handsome.

But this appearance does not look like a clan!

Also, why do these three look exactly the same?

Naturally, they didn't know that these three were just Qin Feng's avatars.

"Hey! Challenger!"

"They are all challengers!"

"Haha! Five prefectures!"

But in the next second, the three of Yuankong discovered the challenger status of the five Yueling clones.

Boom~!

The three of Yuankong were shocked!

Immediately, they were amazed!