Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It's really hard to find a place to break through the iron shoes, and it takes no effort to get it!

They are worried that they can't find Qin Feng's trace.

Now, when they saw the five Yueling clones, they immediately knew that the headquarters of the Qi clan was occupied by Longyuan Town.

That Qin Feng must also be at the headquarter of the Clan!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Ha ha!

This is really God help them!

"Go!"

"Never let them escape and report to Qin Feng!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The three of Yao Kun roared lowly, and they slaughtered the five of Yueling's clones.

They must fight fast!

Never let one go!

Swish~! Swish~!

At the moment, the Moon Spirit clone and the Illusory Mirage clone greeted Yao Kun at the same time.

The Bing Ling clone faced Yuan Kong.

Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue greeted Yao Ling.

Seeing this scene, Yao Kun's eyes were filled with disdain.

Only five prefecture-level realms!

They didn't pay attention at all.

In their opinion, in just a few tens of seconds, they can solve the battle in front of them.

In the blink of an eye, Yao Kun first met the Moon Spirit clone and the Mirage clone.

Boom~!

Yao Kun patted the two clones with one palm.

That palm that pierces the sky, covering the sky and covering the ground, stirring the sky and the earth to roar, carrying the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, it is extremely terrifying!

It was at this moment that Yueling's avatar sacrificed the Flame Wind God Spear, and the Mirage avatar sacrificed the Dragon Sword, and at the same time met Yao Kun's blow.

On the other side, Yuan Kong also directly slapped the Bing Ling clone with a palm, as if he could smash the Bing Spirit clone with a single palm.

And the Bing Ling clone also sacrificed the Heavenly Sword of Nirvana and faced Yuan Kong's attack.

Seeing this scene, Yao Kun and Yuan Kong were full of disdain in their eyes.

Earth level realm only!

Even if they took out their weapons, it would not be able to resist their blow.

what!

This is?

But in the next second, the two felt that something was wrong!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

I saw the weapons of the three avatars, all lit up with dazzling aura, penetrating the sky!

The Golden Rule!

The law of power!

The law of killing!

The Law of Destruction!

In the next second, the power of various laws superimposes!

The weather is soaring into the sky!

The three avatars all burst out with the combat power of the early stage of the fifth level of heaven!

And their true attack power is comparable to the middle stage of the fifth heaven level!

not good!

Yao Kun's expressions changed greatly, and they suddenly felt bad!

But all this is too late!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

It's like a space burst!

Destruction!

A radius of a hundred miles!

Shake the earth!

The field is even more bloody!

The shrill screams echoed in the air!

In just one face-to-face, Yao Kun and Yuan Kong were bombarded on the spot!

"Wow!"

On the other side, Yao Ling also screamed, and Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue joined forces to vomit blood and fly out.

The next second, she stabilized her figure and saw the scene of Yao Kun and Yuan Kong being killed in seconds.

She was instantly stunned!

Omg!

Elder Kun and Patriarch Yuan were instantly killed by three prefecture-level challengers!

This shocked her so much!

Boundless fear!

At this moment, she looked at the three clones in horror.

She couldn't believe that there were such powerful earth-level powerhouses in this world, who could kill the third- and fourth-level powerhouses in seconds.

The next second, she woke up again, turned around and fled with a startled roar.

Those three people are horrible!

At this moment, there was only one thought in her mind, and that was 'Escape! ’

But just as she turned around, Xiao Luan'er teleported in front of her, blocking her way.

Before she could react, Qiyue used a time skill, which was attached to Xiao Luan'er, giving Xiao Luan'er ten times faster speed.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~! Boom~! …

In just a split second, Xiao Luan'er launched ten violent attacks, and the speed was so fast that Yao Ling couldn't react, and the fists were bombarding Yao Ling...

Bang~!

A shocking explosion!

The blood fog is flying in the sky!

Yao Ling 0.6 was bombed on the spot!

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the night sky!

In the next second, two white lights flew from the blood mist, pouring into Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue respectively.

After a while, both of them had happy expressions on their faces.

Having said that, the two of them have joined forces, and they have been able to exert a strength comparable to the fourth level of heaven...

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, inside the wooden house.

Qin Feng is opening his eyes from the retreat, and his face is full of joy.

He finally refined the seal of the beast god.

Next, he can refine the blood of those mid-grade divine beasts.

But at this moment, two dazzling white lights flew from the void and poured into his body...

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tian level triple), you get +3871 attributes, +51.34 million energy points, and +814 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tian level triple), and exploded a land deed card (Yuan tribe's nest)]

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (fourth level of the sky), you get +5471 attributes, +63.27 million energy points, and +1000 points. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

This time, the harvest brought by the clone is not small!

There are more than 9,000 light attribute points.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: You killed a heaven-level hider, the hidden conditions are completed, and the fourth-stage task of the god-level village is automatically activated]

The fourth stage of the god-level village quest was actually activated like this

Chapter three hundred and sixty-two fetishes

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he quickly entered the task channel to check it out.

[The fourth stage of the task of the god-level village, the difficulty level is A. 】

[Task content 1: Within ten days, destroy the Yaotian family. 】

[Mission content 2: Obtain the 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact' of the Yaotian family, trigger a deeper task content, and complete it within three days. ].

[Reminder: The Yaotian family, the strongest at present is the early stage of the ninth level of heaven. 】

[Reminder: Complete this stage of the task, the reward will be extremely rich. 】

After reading this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

The strength of the Yaotian family is too strong!

They actually have a heavenly ninth-level powerhouse in charge!

Generally speaking, the Heaven Grade Sixth Layer combat power range is from 15,000 to 25,000 stars.

The seventh level of the sky is from 25,000 to 40,000 stars.

The Heavenly Grade Eight Layers are from 40,000 to 60,000 stars.

The Heavenly Grade Nine Layers are from 60,000 to 90,000 stars.

The strongest of the Yaotian clan is the early stage of the ninth level of heaven, and the combat power is about 60,000 stars.

Such strength can easily kill himself!

Qin Feng sighed in his heart.

His current comprehensive combat power is 16,600 stars, which is too far from the peak of the ninth level of heaven.

Even if he has many S-rank talents, if he encounters the peak of the ninth level of heaven, he is afraid that it will be difficult to escape.

Unless his combat power can reach about 40,000 stars, he may be able to win the opportunity to protect himself with various talents.

Of course, that was just an opportunity to protect oneself, and it was impossible to defeat the early stage of the ninth level of heaven.

But the content of the mission requires him to destroy the Yaotian family within ten days.

This is so exaggerated!