Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

It can be seen that the task of this god-level village is too difficult, and it is only A-level difficulty at present.

I don't know what the S-level difficulty of the last stage is like?

Qin Feng thought about it and felt a little headache.

However, although this task is very difficult, the benefits brought by each time are also great.

If he can complete the task at this stage, it will definitely bring great benefits to himself and Longyuan Town.

Besides, he had already killed two Yaotian disciples just now.

Even if he doesn't trouble the Yaotian clan, the Yaotian clan will definitely trouble him.

Looking at the Yaotian clan mixed with the Yuan clan, it should be aimed at him.

After all, in this prestige challenge, his performance was too dazzling!

The Yaotian family did not want their status to be threatened and would definitely deal with him.

In short, judging from all the signs, the conflict between him and the Yaotian family is unavoidable, and the ending can only be life and death!

That being the case, it would be better to happily take over this task and fight directly with the Yaotian family.

If the task is completed, he can also have rich task rewards, which can be said to kill two birds with one stone, which is very cost-effective!

After thinking about this, Qin Feng began to think seriously, how to destroy the Yaotian family within ten days.

If you want to destroy the Yaotian family, it is natural to improve the strength of him and Longyuan Town.

The fastest way to improve his strength is to improve his realm and directly break through to the heaven level.

To participate in the Combined Dao assessment, he needs to be level 40 or above, he is only level 30 and has not yet reached the standard.

Another is the bonus points!

The rules for reward points will not be clear until it is announced after dawn.

It will take time to know how to operate this.

There is another way to improve strength, that is to upgrade Longyuan Town!

At present, there are more than 60,000 prisoners in Longyuan Town, and the collection speed of various resources has already taken off.

The upgrade speed of Longyuan Town is increasing by dozens of times.

This is unmatched by other villages!

In any case, the most urgent thing at present is to improve Qin Feng's strength.

The most terrifying part of the Yaotian clan was the ninth-level heavenly powerhouse.

If Qin Feng's strength is not improved to the point where he can fight against the ninth level of heaven, then Longyuan Town will only be destroyed, let alone the Yaotian family.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

He should hurry up to improve his strength!

Immediately, he opened the panel and checked the attribute points he had just harvested.

[Free attribute]: 9742 points.

"It's only 9742 points! After so long, only three people have given back attribute points!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He has been in seclusion for a long time, and the attributes of his subordinates have basically stagnated.

From this, it can be seen that the townsmen with combat power from 170 stars to 199 stars have completed the construction of level 6 wooden houses.

Today, Longyuan Town has no townspeople to feed back.

If he wants to get feedback, he must upgrade Longyuan Town.

Having said that, as long as Longyuan Town is upgraded, not only will all the townspeople increase in strength.

Qin Feng can get a lot of attribute feedback!

According to a rough assessment, as long as Longyuan Town is successfully upgraded, there will be nearly a thousand townspeople whose combat power exceeds 200 stars.

After deducting the number of people who have already fed back, Qin Feng can get at least 60,000 attribute feed back.

Sixty thousand!

This is not a small amount!

Of course, the upgrade of Longyuan Town will have to wait until it becomes clear.

Qin Feng didn't think about it anymore, just added some...

In just a moment, more than 9,000 attribute points were added, and his basic combat power soared to 10,780 stars in one fell swoop.

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

Afterwards, he waved his hand again, and a mass of blood essence appeared in the palm of his hand.

As soon as the blood essence appeared, the breath was sky-high, exuding monstrous wood-based law fluctuations.

[Zhu Yan blood essence (middle grade), wood type divine beast blood essence]

It's time to refine the blood of these divine beasts!

Qin Feng opened his mouth and took a breath, and swallowed the ball of middle-grade blood.

Just like that, he closed again

At the same time, the camp was twenty miles away.

The five Yueling clones have already completed the battlefield.

Three heaven-level corpses provided 300 attributes, three storage rings, and a land deed card.

At this moment, Yueling's clone glanced at the storage rings, and her eyes showed joy.

The net worth of these heavenly powerhouses is extremely rich!

"Dad! Dad! This time, Sister Yue'er and I joined forces to kill a second-level powerhouse with only two face-to-face encounters!"

Xiao Luan'er ran over with a happy face to ask for credit.

The little guy's face was flushed with excitement.

"Master, the fourth stage mission of the god-level village seems to be activated!"

At this time, Qiyue also flew over.

"Yeah! The task of the fourth stage is extremely difficult. The most urgent thing for my body is to improve my strength. With the current strength of my body, it is not enough to complete the task of the fourth stage!"

Yueling clone sighed and put away the storage ring.

Qi Yue was surprised: "Master, is the task of the fourth stage so difficult?"

She hadn't had time to check the mission.

Moon Spirit clone: ​​"Let's not talk about this for now! There are more than 30,000 multi-ethnic children coming here! Killing these people will allow the main body to gain a lot of attribute points! That is another feast of harvest! "

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes!"Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Walk!"

A group of five people rushed towards the Yuan army.

In fact, the Yuan army was only seven or eight miles away from the five.

That's a short distance away!

During the day, everyone can see each other.

It's just that in the middle of the night, the visibility is too poor, you can only hear its sound, but cannot see its shadow.

In fact, the Yuan army had long been in a panic.

Just now, seven or eight miles ahead, there were several earth-shattering explosions, which shocked everyone!

That is definitely a battle between heaven-level powerhouses!

What's more terrifying is that there are several screams in it!

At this moment, the Yuan people all looked at Yuan Xuan.

In the absence of the patriarch, Yuan Xuan is the leader of the army.

He is also a top-level powerhouse himself!

"Elder Yuan Xuan, those explosions just now"

"Don't talk too much! It must be the three patriarchs who fought against each other! Let's hurry up and support!"

As soon as the words fell, Yuan Xuan rushed to the headquarters of the Qi clan.

Everyone knew that the situation was urgent and quickly followed.

There is indeed a problem with this clan headquarters!

At the moment, Yuan Xuan was flying at the forefront.

More than 170 prefecture-level powerhouses followed closely behind.

The army of more than 30,000 ethnic groups is also speeding up.

Suddenly, the field was dusty, the army was mighty, and the momentum was extraordinary.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But it didn't take long before there was a rapid sound of breaking through the air.

Yuan Xuan and others couldn't help but stop.

Someone came so soon!

Could it be that the three patriarchs have returned?

Just when this thought came to mind, five figures appeared in front of him.

The three people in the front, with black hair and black eyes, look exactly the same.

Behind the three was a beautiful girl and a very cute little girl.

Yuan Xuan and the others couldn't help being stunned.

Not the patriarch!

Who are these five people?

At this moment, Yuan Xuan realized that the realm momentum of the five Yueling clones was only at the earth-level realm.

He breathed a sigh of relief and looked proud.

Only five prefectures!

There are more than 170 prefecture-level powerhouses here, as well as an army of 30,000. Even if they encounter a heaven-level second-level powerhouse, they are not afraid, not to mention these five prefecture-level powerhouses.

"Wait, stop!"

At the moment, Yuan Xuan shouted and stopped.

The five Yueling clones sneered and rushed over.

This suddenly made Yuan Xuan and others furious!

These five guys are courting death!

I didn't see so many of them waiting in battle, and they dared not to listen to their words. Is it because their brains are not good?

With their formation, even the Heaven-level second-level powerhouses would not dare to intrude, let alone these five Earth-level ones.

"court death!"

Yuan Xuan cursed and waved his hand.

"Go!"

As soon as the voice fell, more than 30 prefecture-level powerhouses rushed over.

For these five short-sighted guys, their Yuan clan will never show any mercy.

In the blink of an eye, the more than 30 earth-level powerhouses met the frontmost phantom avatar.

The next second, the thirty people shot together.