Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

More than 30 attacks attacked the phantom avatar at the same time, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth.

These thirty or so people are all powerhouses above the sixth level of the earth level, and their combined attack is comparable to the first level of the heaven level!

This kid is dead!

Not far away, Yuan Xuan showed pride in his eyes.

The 30,000 people below also watched with schadenfreude.

At this moment, the Mirage clone shot!

Swish~!

I saw a cold light flashing in his hand!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

Instantly brightened the entire night!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the next second, the knife light defeated everyone's joint strike.

The trend of knife light is unabated!

Continue to sweep towards the thirty or so people!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

A bang!

Blood splashed again and again!

Knife light across!

Those thirty people were all cut in half!

Immediately afterwards, a corpse rolled down from the air! The screams echoed in the night sky!

One after another spiritual light flew from the corpses and escaped into the void...

Boom~!

Seeing this scene, Yuan Xuan and others were dumbfounded!

But before they could react, Yueling clones, Bingling clones, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue rushed into the crowd of earth-level powerhouses.

Bing Ling's clone flashed forward and split Yuan Xuan into two halves, shocking everyone in the arena again.

Immediately afterwards, Yueling's clone, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue also started to move.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

I saw Yueling's clone spear swept away again and again!

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue are constantly bombarding the Quartet!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

As soon as they made a move, blood splattered, killing the group of local powerhouses!

After the Bing Ling clone killed Yuan Xuan, he also joined it.

In just a moment, four 220 Yueling clones killed a hundred prefecture-level powerhouses in a row.

Hundreds of corpses rolled down from the sky!

One after another, white light flew out of the corpses and escaped into the void.

There is also a large rain of blood falling down!

The 30,000 troops below were dumbfounded!

More than 170 prefecture-level powerhouses!

In such a short time, 70% of them were beheaded.

"Escape! Escape!"

The 30,000 army suddenly woke up and began to flee in all directions!

In the face of five such terrifying existences, their fighting spirit collapsed.

But at this moment, the phantom avatar created a seal and launched the doomsday natural disaster!

Suddenly, within a radius of 10,000 miles, the world changes color!

Countless thunder, wind, fire, earth, water, crazy riots...

Afterwards, the earth cracked, and countless magma spurted out, engulfing the descendants of the Yuan clan.

Crazy thunder in the air, fireballs, meteorites, wind blades, and ice arrows fell from the sky, smashing wildly at the Yuan clan's children.

Suddenly, in a radius of 10,000 miles, the sky and the ground are falling apart!

The doomsday natural disaster has officially arrived!

Under the natural disaster, the descendants of the Yuan clan roared miserably!

In just a moment, thousands of Yuan clan disciples fell.

A streak of white light flew up from those corpses and escaped into the void

At this moment, an earth-shattering cry of killing sounded not far away!

Liu Xuan led the 8,000 Longyuan army to also kill!

"You can't let go of a living mouth!"

Liu Xuan shouted!

Then, he led the crowd into the Yuan army.

The people from Long Yuan rushed in, like a flock of tigers swarming into the flock, killing the disciples of the Yuan clan, screaming again and again!

At the moment, the children of the Yuan clan fell in pieces.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng was meditating with his eyes closed, surrounded by cyan spiritual mist, and a phantom of a mythical beast appeared behind him.

That divine beast looks like a giant ape, standing upright, eyes like electricity, to look at the world!

That is the projection of the divine beast Zhu Yan!

At this moment, he is trying his best to refine the blood of the middle grade Zhu Yan.

At the same time, thousands of white lights flew from the void and poured into his body frantically.

[Your clone successfully kills the guardian (earth level), you get +576 attributes, +4.54 million energy points, and +94 points. 】

[Your clone successfully kills the guardian (earth level), you get +377 attributes, +2.54 million energy points, and +65 points. 】

[Your clone successfully kills the guardian (earth level), you get +418 attributes, +3.23 million energy points, and +81 points. 】

In this way, Qin Feng is in the process of refining blood essence.

His attribute points, energy value, and point points are also soaring wildly all the way!

This is another super reward!

Chapter Three Hundred and Sixty-Three Celestial Hegemony Body! Bloodline boost!

Just like this, one after another white light escaped from the void and madly poured into Qin Feng's body.

This kind of change lasted for a full quarter of an hour before it gradually stopped.

That is Long Yuan and everyone has killed the Yuan army!

After a while, Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Congratulations for refining Zhuyan blood essence (middle grade), your bloodline talent has been greatly strengthened, and you have acquired the bloodline characteristics of Zhuyan divine beast. 】

[Congratulations on refining Zhu Yan blood essence (middle grade), your strength has been greatly enhanced, and your basic combat power has been raised to 11500 stars. 】

Whoo~!

Finally refining!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

This time, when refining blood essence, he increased his combat power by more than 700 stars.

He is already satisfied.

After all, Zhu Yan blood essence (middle grade) is the weakest of the six groups of blood essence, and contains the lowest blood energy.

Having said that, the stronger the strength, the faster the refining of blood essence.

He refines blood essence much faster than Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue.

"By the way, I refined Zhu Yan's blood essence, and now I have the bloodline characteristics of Zhu Yan's divine beast, so I can learn that skill!"

With this in mind, Qin Feng took out a skill seal.

That was what was obtained by killing the Ape of the Armor.

In the next second, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, dripping into the divine seal...

Om~!

The seal of the gods shook!

Then, the divine seal turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Congratulations on mastering the seventh-order skill - Tongtian Hegemony! 】

[Tongtian Tyrant Body: After casting, it strengthens the physical defense a hundred times, and strengthens the physical strength several times. 】

[Learning conditions: Master the laws of the body (A-level), and possess the bloodline of the divine beast Zhu Yan. 】

good! good!

Tongtian hegemony!

This is the inheritance skill of the divine beast Zhu Yan!

It can continue to evolve.

In the future, it can be promoted to the eighth level, or even the ninth level.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this Tongtian hegemony.

What's more, he has few defensive skills.

This Tongtian hegemony body made up for his shortcomings.

And this Heavenly Hegemonic Body is the best among the seventh-order skills, and its power is chasing the eighth-order.

After dealing with this, Qin Feng opened the panel again and checked the harvest...

[Free attribute]: 51870 points

not bad!

I have gained more than 50,000 attributes!

Qin Feng smiled.

He and the clone are of the same mind.

At this moment, he already knew that the battle outside was over.

The army of 30,000 yuan has provided him with so many attributes, which is very impressive!

"Yes! Killing the guardian forces is also a shortcut to improve strength!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Thinking of this, he took another look at the level progress, which was already level 31 and 13.7%.

He was in a great mood right away!

This time, he killed so many multi-ethnic children and raised him one level.