Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Now, he is eager to improve his strength, so he is eager to rise to level 40 as soon as possible.

Because when he reaches level 40, he can go to the realm of ascending to heaven!

Then, he looked at the points.

[Longyuan Town Points: 43,600 points]

[Personal points: 30,700 points]

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled again.

With such points, Longyuan Town is expected to enter the top ten!

As for his personal points ranking, I'm afraid it will be higher.

In short, this time the Yuan army was destroyed, and the benefits were really great.

He not only gained a lot of attributes, but also gained a lot of grades and points!

In this way, killing those guardian forces is even more beneficial than upgrading Longyuan Town.

In fact, both can be done at the same time!

Upgrading Longyuan Town is resource mining and collection.

It's up to those slaves to do it!

Destroy the guardian forces, and the citizens of Longyuan Town will take action.

It seems that after the ranking of points, he will sweep the surrounding guardian forces.

He also wants to unify Area 1 as soon as possible!

That would be more conducive to dealing with the Yaotian family.

However, these are the latter things.

The most urgent thing for him now is to refine blood essence first.

Thinking of this, he took out a second ball of blood essence.

[Teng snake blood essence (middle grade), the blood essence of the earth-based beast. 】

The next second, he opened his mouth and swallowed the blood essence and continued refining...

As for the attribute points he just obtained, he is not in a hurry to add them, because the attribute points are still increasing...

At the same moment, twenty miles away from the camp, on that battlefield.

At this point, the battle is over!

More than 170 prefecture-level powerhouses and over 30,000 disciples of the Yuan clan were all beheaded, and no one escaped.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

And none of Long Yuan's army was injured!

These 8,000 Longyuan Town residents are the best group of Longyuan Town, and their combat power is above 150 stars.

This kind of strength is much stronger than the human-level children of the major guardian forces.

Today, only the human-level children of those mysterious forces can compare with the citizens of Longyuan Town.

Qin Feng is making continuous progress!

The townspeople of Longyuan are also making progress!

But at this time, on that battlefield.

Liu Xuan and others were very excited.

This time, they harvested a lot of energy and attributes, and they were naturally excited.

And Qiyue and Xiaoluan's harvest is even greater.

Now, Xiao Luan'er has risen to level 23.

Qiyue has also risen to level 20.

The combat power of the two has improved a lot!

Right now, everyone is happily cleaning up the battlefield.

At the same time, Qin Feng's three clones were also cleaning up the battlefield.

They were looking for the corpses of the prefecture-level powerhouses, collecting their storage rings, and extracting their corpses.

Each corpse of a prefecture-level powerhouse can be extracted twice, and a total of 40 attributes can be obtained.

With more than 170 prefecture-level corpses, the harvest is quite a lot.

As for the human-level corpses, Qin Feng has already extracted the full amount, and there is no need to extract...

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

The battlefield is cleared!

Everyone got a lot of money!

Afterwards, everyone began to add points to digest this harvest.

As a result, more than 20 townsmen's combat power broke the 200-star combat power, and gave Qin Feng back a lot of attributes...

At this point, the battle is over!

Everyone in Longyuan cheered and returned to the camp!

After this battle, everyone also felt tired.

This time, it's time to take a break!

In this way, after everyone returned to the camp, they rested and waited for the score ranking of the next day...

Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er also returned to the zero-degree space again.

At the same time, Qin Feng was trying his best to refine blood essence.

The return of Qiyue has once again given the zero-dimensional space the blessing of time...

Two hours later...

[Congratulations on refining the Soaring Snake Essence and Blood (middle grade), your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, and you have acquired the bloodline characteristics of the Soaring Snake Divine Beast. 】

[Congratulations on refining the Serpent Essence (mid-grade), your strength has been greatly enhanced, and your basic combat power has been raised to 12,500 stars. 】

Five hours later...

[Congratulations on refining the Moon Crow Blood Essence (middle grade), your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, and you have acquired the bloodline characteristics of the Moon Crow Divine Beast. 】

[Congratulations on refining the Moon Crow Blood Essence (middle grade), your strength has been greatly enhanced, and your basic combat power has been raised to 13700 stars. 】

Eight hours later...

[Congratulations on refining the blood of the white tiger (middle grade), your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, and you have acquired the bloodline characteristics of the white tiger mythical beast. 】

[Congratulations on refining the white tiger blood essence (middle grade), your strength has been greatly enhanced, and your basic combat power has been raised to 15,000 stars. 】

In this way, Qin Feng continued to refine blood essence.

His bloodline talent has been continuously strengthened, and his strength has soared all the way...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, it was dawn!

When the first ray of dawn came, Longyuanzhen and others got up early.

At this point, everyone was excited and looking forward to it.

Because today is the day when Tiandao will announce the rules of points!

According to the rules of Tiandao, it should be about 8:00 in the morning, and the rules of points will be announced.

It's only an hour away!

Of course, it is not just Longyuan Town who are looking forward to the announcement of the points.

According to the points ranking rules, one thousand districts are divided into one competition area.

Area 1 to Area 1000 where Qin Feng is located is designated as the first competition area.

At this moment, in the first competition area, tens of thousands of forces are anxiously waiting for Tiandao's announcement.

Among these tens of thousands of forces, some are challenging forces, some are guardian forces, and some are mysterious forces.

Generally speaking, there are ten mysterious forces in a competition area.

The Yaotian family is one of the top ten mysterious forces in the first division, and it is also the weakest one.

Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, Yunzhou Island.

Yunzhou Island is an incomparably huge island, and it is also the base camp of the Yaotian family.

At this moment, in a living room on the island.

Yao Zhong was reporting to an old man in black robes about Qin Feng.

The black-robed old man had a thin face, an aquiline nose, and a sinister temperament.

His name is Yaocuo, and he is an elder of the Yaotian clan.

Today, Clan Chief Yaotian is in retreat, and many things are taken care of by the elders.

The affairs from Area 1 to Area 3 will be handled by the elder Yaozhu Taishang.

Although the base camp of the Yaotian family is overseas, they have cultivated their own vassal forces in all major regions.

For example, the Yuan clan in District 1 is one of their vassal forces.

At this moment, Yao Zhu's expression was very impatient.

He was in retreat.

But he didn't want to, Yao Zhong rushed back from the No. 1 area overnight, saying that there was a major matter to report, interrupting his retreat.

This made him very uncomfortable!

He didn't think that something big would happen in that unremarkable District 1?

I'm just afraid that this Yaozhong boy didn't know anything, so he made a fuss again.

At this moment, he was sitting in front of the pear wood table, took a sip of the fragrant tea on the table.

"Boy! Tell me! What's the big deal in Area 1? Has the beast **** made a new breakthrough? Or has other mysterious forces infiltrated Area 1?"

Yaozhu put down the teacup in his hand, and his tone was a little impatient.

Yao shook his head again: "Neither!"

Yao cursed: "What happened in the guardian force?"

Yao Zhong shook his head again: "No!"

Yao curse sneered: "You don't want to say that something happened to the challenging forces in the No. 1 area, right?"

Yao Mantra said it lightly.

Area 3 and Area 1, which he was in charge of, only had ten challenge forces.

Thirteen were born in the second district; twelve were born in the third district.

From the analysis of these data, it is the worst in District 1.

He didn't believe that the challenge forces in the No. 1 area could turn out a big wave.

But he didn't want to, Yao said in a low voice: "Old Curse, I rushed back overnight this time because the challenging forces in Area 1 have undergone major changes!"

"how do I say this?"

"The prestige challenge launched by the Yuan clan this time has come out. Nine villages have been destroyed in advance, and only one village remains. And the prestige of that village leader is terrifyingly high!"

Yao cursed curiously: "How high? 200 points!"

Yao sighed heavily: "It's much taller than this! At first, I couldn't believe it!"

Yao Zhu was surprised: "A lot higher? Could it be 400 points?"

Yao Zhong sighed: "Old Curse, it's not 400 points, it's 806 points!"

"what?!"