Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Yao curse exclaimed!

When~!

The teacup in his hand was almost unsteady, and the tea splashed out.

Swish~!

The next second, he stood up with a serious look.

"Yao Zhong, who is that person?"

"Hushua Lao, that person is Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan Town. By the way, the power in his hands is already the town, not the village."

hiss~!

Yao Zhu couldn't help taking a deep breath.

Then, he whispered: "This Qin Feng can get 806 reputation points, the potential must be extremely powerful, and it must be cleared as soon as possible. By the way, what about Yao Kun?"

"Back to the old man, Elder Kun seems to have found Qin Feng's trace. He went to investigate with the head of the Yuan family, but I don't know what the result is. Old man, does that Qin Feng have such a big influence?"

Yao Zhong asked in a low voice.

As a young child of a mysterious force.

He has always been arrogant. For Qin Feng's appearance, both Elder Cu and Elder Kun were greatly surprised, which made him a little unhappy.

Yao cursed: "It depends on how his reputation is obtained? If it is some special task reward, it's okay to say. If it is obtained by one's own strength, it will be terrible."

"This kind of existence will definitely affect the ranking of our Yaotian clan, and thus affect the development of our Yaotian clan."

"By the way, in another hour. The initial ranking of this division will come out. If Longyuan Town's points ranking can enter the 30th place, it will be a major threat to us."

"If they don't reach that level, then things can be slowed down and dealt with depending on the specific situation."

Yao nodded his head: "That makes sense! By the way, Elder Curse, how pure are my clan's points now?"

Yao cursed a smug smile: "41,000 points!"

Regarding the points of the clan, only elder-level characters can view it.

Yao Zhong did not know.

"41,000 points! That's great! Old man cursed, our clan will definitely be in the top ten in this initial ranking!"

Yao Zhong was overjoyed when he heard the points.

Yao cursed his beard and smiled: "I hope so! My family is the weakest among the top ten mysterious forces. I don't expect to be in the top ten, as long as I can keep the tenth position, it will be a good result. .

Yao Zhong smiled confidently: "Don't worry, old man! This time, our clan will definitely be able to keep the tenth. In this first division, apart from the nine mysterious forces, there is no possibility that there is a stronger force than us."

Hearing this, Yao Zhu also smiled.

They didn't know that Longyuan Town's points had reached 43,600 points.

Chapter 364 Promotion to S-level bloodline talent

At the moment, Yaozhu and the two no longer discuss Qin Feng's affairs.

Their idea is to wait for the ranking of points to come out, and then evaluate the threat of Qin Feng and Long Yuanzhen.

At the same time, the Yuan clan was stationed.

In a courtyard, Jining strolled in the morning mist, looking up at the direction of the Qi Clan's residence.

At this moment, she looked haggard.

It stands to reason that in the middle of the night, Yuan Kong and the others should have information back.

But in the second half of the night, she hadn't waited for Yuankong's reply.

She tried to contact Yuan Kong, but was horrified to find that she couldn't get in touch.

This is so weird!

It was her father who went to the headquarter of the Gou Clan before, and then lost contact inexplicably.

Afterwards, the patriarch led an army of 30,000 people to the Qi clan, but they still lost contact!

Jining really can't figure it out!

She couldn't sleep that night.

Anyway, it's weird!

Just then, footsteps sounded behind her.

Yi Yun walked over in a hurry.

"Elder Yi Yun, how is the situation?"

Jining turned around and asked.

"The Ye clan chief and the Shi clan chief have responded. At this moment, they each bring 20,000 troops and are rushing to our clan's station!"

Yi Yun reported the latest progress.

Ji Ning's eyes lit up: "That's great! With these two clans helping us, our strength will be greatly increased. There are still 20,000 children of our clan, plus their 40,000, there will be an army of 60,000. !"

Yi Yun nodded: "Yeah! Those two patriarchs are both Heaven-level first-level powerhouses, and they each brought about a hundred Earth-level powerhouses. With such strength, they can walk sideways in this area. That's right. , Elder Ji Ning, haven't they contacted the patriarch yet?"

Ji Ning smiled bitterly: "It's precisely because I can't get in touch with the patriarch that I'm so anxious! The Headquarters of the Clan is so weird, it seems that whoever goes will fail. This time, even the patriarch and Elder Kun have lost contact!" 907

Yi Yun frowned: "It shouldn't be! The patriarch went this time, with Elder Kun and Yao Ling following him. With the strength of the three of them, even if they encountered a beast god, they would be able to crush the beast god."

"I really can't think of it, who else can keep them? Could it be Qin Feng? They shouldn't be that strong! Or, the patriarch and the others have encountered something and have no time to reply to us?"

Ji Ning sighed: "I also hope that the patriarch just encountered something and has no time to reply to us. I'm afraid that this is not the case, but Qin Feng left them behind!"

Yi Yun's face changed slightly: "Elder Ji Ning, the patriarch is a peak powerhouse of the third level of heaven, and Elder Kun is a powerhouse of the fourth level of heaven."

"Qin Feng wants to keep them, at least he must have the strength of the fifth level of heaven! Is it possible that you think Qin Feng has the strength of the fifth level of heaven?"

Ji Ning looked into the distance: "It's not impossible!"

Yi Yun shook his head: "Elder Ji Ning, I think you overestimate Qin Feng! Qin Feng's performance in the prestige challenge is really amazing, but prestige does not represent real strength. There are many coincidences."

Ji Ning nodded slightly: "Indeed! By the way, points can reflect strength more accurately than reputation! Then how strong Qin Feng is, we might as well wait for the standings to come out and see his personal points."

Yi Yun's eyes lit up: "That makes sense! Elder Ji Ning is still thoughtful! Counting the time, there should be forty minutes before the list will be announced."

Ji Ning sighed: "Yes! The answer will be revealed soon!"RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Just then, footsteps sounded outside the courtyard!

Afterwards, a Yuan clan disciple hurried in to report.

"Two elders, an elder from the Xiao Clan came and said that there is a major matter to discuss with you!"

Hearing this, the two of Jining couldn't help but look at each other.

"Strange! Don't the Xiao Clan have the old monster Xunyungang as their backing? They actually sent a Supreme Elder over here. This is not a small gesture!"

Yi Yun muttered.

"Maybe, he's here for Qin Feng's business. Let's go! Let's go and see!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ji Ning left the courtyard.

Yi Yun is close behind...

Unconsciously, the forces to deal with Qin Feng united one by one.

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the room.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged on the futon.

And in his mind, the reminders of Heavenly Dao kept coming.

[Successful refining a trace of top-grade dragon blood! Strength +500, Agility +500, Constitution +500, Energy +500! 】

[Successful refining a trace of top-grade dragon blood! Strength +501, Agility +497, Constitution +502, Energy +491! 】

[Successful refining a trace of top-grade dragon blood! Strength +698, Agility +601, Constitution +498, Energy +492! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body roared constantly, as if he was opening up the world!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

At the same moment, his skin turned red and his muscles swelled.

His momentum is soaring!

Gradually, his whole body lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Ow~!

A shocking dragon roar came from above the nine heavens.

Behind him, a phantom shadow of a blue dragon appeared in the sky, exuding endless dragon power, covering the sky and the ground.

Qinglong Xuying slowly opened and closed his eyes, and his golden pupils exuded endless majesty, with an aura that looked down on the world.

It turned out that Qin Feng was refining the blood of the top-grade real dragon!

Not long ago, after refining the six regiments' mid-grade blood essence, his basic combat power reached 17,300 stars, his bloodline talent reached the peak of A-rank, and he was one step away from S-rank.

The strength of his soul body has also been enhanced with the enhancement of his bloodline talent, and has been raised to the early stage of the seventh level of heaven.

Then, he began to refine the last high-grade true dragon blood essence...

Ow~!

At this moment, a shocking dragon roar resounded through the world!

Gradually, the Qinglong phantom behind Qin Feng slowly disappeared.

He also slowly opened his eyes.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Refining of True Dragon Blood Essence (Top Grade) is complete! Your bloodline talent has been promoted to the early stage of S rank. 】

[Refining of True Dragon Blood Essence (Top Grade) is complete! Your combat power has increased to 19,400 stars. 】

[In the early stage of promotion of bloodline talent to S rank, your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and it has been promoted to the mid-level of the seventh layer of heaven. 】

[Refining of True Dragon Blood Essence (Top Grade) is complete! Your bloodline talent has been promoted to mid-S rank. 】

[Refining of True Dragon Blood Essence (Top Grade) is complete! Your combat power has increased to 22,000 stars. 】

[The bloodline talent is promoted to the middle stage of S-level, and your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and it has been promoted to the peak level of the seventh-level heaven level. 】

[In the mid-term of the promotion of bloodline talent to S-rank, your bloodline inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' has been greatly enhanced, the power has been increased tenfold, and it has been promoted to the eighth-rank skill. 】

Whoo~!

The refining is finally complete!

Qin Feng breathed a long sigh of relief, and there was joy in his eyes.

Top grade true dragon blood essence!

It's so powerful!

Not only has his bloodline talent been promoted to the mid-S rank in one fell swoop, he has also promoted Tongtian Tyrant Body to an eighth-rank skill, which has caused his defense ability to skyrocket tenfold.

And his combat power has increased to 22,000 stars, reaching an extremely terrifying level!

However, his promotion is not over yet!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened his attribute panel again and smiled again.

After one night, the free attribute has indeed risen a bit, reaching 53740 points.

More than 50,000 properties!

It was one of the biggest gains last night.

At the moment, he happily added the starting point.

After a while, add points and finish!

His basic combat power also skyrocketed to 23,000 stars in one fell swoop.