Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

If you add the 6000-star foundation building power, his comprehensive combat power will reach 29,000 stars.

The comprehensive combat power has just reached the early stage of the seventh level of heaven.

The combat power range of the seventh heaven level is 25,000 to 40,000 stars.

As a result, Qin Feng's four avatars also reached the sixth level of heaven.

The combat power range of the Heavenly Grade Sixth Layer is 15,000 to 25,000 stars.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

"The trivia is finally over! It's time to go out and see!"

Qin Feng got up slowly, feeling very happy.

The day and night retreat is finally over!

It's time for him to go out and breathe!

After a while, Qin Feng walked out of the wooden house.

As soon as he went out, he saw Qiyue and Yueling avatars, comprehending the S-level extreme yin law under the Yuehua tree.

Looking up at the sky again, he saw Xiao Luan'er and the Mirage clone, comprehending the S-level Extreme Yang Law under the Great Sun Spirit Bead.

At this time, his Moon Spirit clone was guarding at the Headquarters of the Clan.

The fourth clone is alchemy!

"Hey! Master!"ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

When Qi Yue saw Qin Feng appear, she ran over in surprise.

"Master, you are finally out!"

At this moment, the little girl looked at Qin Feng with joy in her eyes.

She found that the master's temperament is more extraordinary than before, and the person is more beautiful and elegant, which is fascinating!

Seeing this, she was a little obsessed.

It seems that this time the master retreated, his strength has greatly increased!

"Master, has your current strength reached the early stage of the sixth heaven level?"

The little girl looked concerned.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

His current strength is not only at the early stage of the sixth level of heaven, but at the early stage of the seventh level of heaven.

And he has a variety of S-level talents, and his comprehensive strength is definitely far beyond the early stage of the seventh-level heaven.

"By the way, Yue'er, how long is it before the rankings are announced?"

"There are only ten minutes left! Everyone is looking forward to the announcement of the points, and everyone is very nervous. The channel has been chatting for a long time! By the way, a lot of it is about you!"

"yes?!"

Qin Feng was curious and opened the channel.

He happened to watch what everyone was talking about while waiting for the announcement of the rankings.

PS: Everyone, I want to rush down the monthly ticket list this month. The little author kneels and asks for a monthly ticket, please give me a monthly ticket, thank you

Chapter three hundred and sixty-five hidden great benefits

As soon as he entered the chat channel, Qin Feng saw that everyone was chatting hotly.

"Brothers, the rankings will be announced soon! I wonder if our Longyuan Town will be able to enter the top ten?"

"I don't know! At present, there is no reference object at all!"

"By the way, Elder Qishan may know some things~!"

As soon as these words fell, Qishan's avatar jumped.

Qishan: "Don't hide it from everyone! My clan has a word of mouth. If the points reach more than 40,000 points, there is a chance to enter the top ten. As long as you enter the top ten, you can get extremely rich rewards."

Hearing this, everyone immediately became excited!

"Brothers, our Longyuan Town's points are 43,600 points, and we have a good chance to enter the top ten!"

"Haha! With that said, we have a chance to be rewarded!"

"Yeah! I really want to know, what will be the reward for this first point ranking?"

"My little sister seems to know too!"

"Everyone, I heard that the reward points are very generous!"

"The bigger the reward, the better!"

"Yeah! This is still a points competition in the first division. In the future, it will be a point competition in the whole world, and the rewards will be even more generous."

"Let's not talk about the whole world, that's still a long way off. I only care about this region at the moment!"

"Yes! Let's pay attention to this division first! By the way, how is our first division divided? How did the first division to the thousandth division come from?"

When this question was asked, everyone was also curious.

At this time, Qishan's head jumped again.

Qishan: "Look at the map. Is the map surrounded by sea on all sides? That sea is the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations. In fact, the No. 1 area and the No. 1000 area are on the same continent, also known as the first competition area. ."

Liu Xuan: "Elder Qishan, what do you mean, those second and third divisions are a whole continent?"

Qishan: "That's right! The Blue Star Realm has ten major competition areas, that is, ten continents, which are separated from each other by the Sea of ​​Tribulations. Therefore, we don't need to think about other competition areas, and focus on the major competition areas in this competition area. Power will do."

Hearing this, everyone was stunned.

Afterwards, everyone was talking excitedly.

"Brother, there are about ten minutes left, and the ranking will be out! I only care about rewards now!"

"Haha, me too!"

"I only hope that the rewards will be richer now, so that the strength of our Longyuan Town can be improved more."

"Upstairs, the younger sister's thoughts are different from yours. I hope that this time the reward of points will make the boss's strength soar!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone thought of Qin Feng again, and they started to discuss it.

"Yes! The improvement of the boss's strength is the most important thing at the moment!"

"That's right! Have you all seen the mission of the fourth stage of that god-level village?"

"I see! That mission is so perverted that it wants us to destroy the Yaotian family within ten days."

"What's even more terrifying is that the Yaotian family has a ninth-level powerhouse in charge!"

"Yeah! The first time I saw the content of the quest, I was stunned! If you want me to see, the difficulty of this quest is not A-level, at least it is S-level!"

"Hey! Don't mention these! We have to do this task, I'm afraid we can't complete it in a lifetime, let alone ten days. The only one who can complete it is the boss."

"Yeah! I can only rely on the mayor's brother! Therefore, the little sister hopes that this time's reward will bring the mayor's brother a great strength improvement."

"The girl upstairs, this is my wish too!"

"I think so too!"

At this moment, everyone expected that Qin Feng would gain strength in the announcement of points.

Because Qin Feng is their only hope and support!

Without Qin Feng, it is hard to say whether Longyuan Town can survive in the elimination round, let alone destroy the Yaotian family.

"By the way, brothers, the boss is about to go out, right? You say, what kind of strength will he have when he goes out this time?"

"As far as I'm concerned, it's most likely at the early stage of the sixth level of heaven! After all, the boss is a high-level god-level foundation building, and he has a lot of powerful talents."

"I think so too! However, the threshold of combat power at the sixth level of heaven is 15,000 stars!"

"Yeah! This kind of combat power is scary when I think about it! Even if the boss is a high-level god-level foundation building, it is still a bit difficult to reach that level!"

"It's really a bit difficult! Perhaps, with the reward points this time, the boss will be able to step into the threshold of the sixth level of heaven."

"Yeah! Just look at the reward points this time!"

As soon as these words fell, the announcement of the points ranking became even more urgent.

At the same time, they were also a little nervous.

They are worried that Qin Feng won't be able to get good rewards, or even get rewards.

If Qin Feng didn't get the reward, it would be a big blow to them.

If even an outstanding person like the boss can't get the reward, the future of Longyuan Town will be worrying.

Qin Feng watched all this silently and couldn't help but smile.

It can be seen that everyone cares about his strength.

But people still underestimate him!

Up to now, everyone still thinks that his strength is only infinitely close to the sixth level of heaven.

It even needs to rely on reward points to be expected to break through the threshold of the sixth level of heaven.

In fact, his clone has the power of the sixth level of heaven, not to mention the strength of his main body.

Today, his body is at the early stage of the seventh heaven level!

Of course, if the points reward this time is powerful, it would be the best to raise his strength to another level.

Thinking of this, he is also looking forward to the announcement of the points.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng silently quit the chat channel and closed the Tiandao light screen with anticipation.

At this time, he saw that Qi Yue was staring at her face obsessively.

Seeing him look up, the little girl blushed.

That shy look is kind of cute.

"Master, have you seen it? Everyone is looking forward to the announcement of the points!"

Qi Yue subconsciously concealed the little embarrassment in her heart.

Qin Feng smiled: "Yue'er, how did I let you buy the dark treasure chest?"

"Yes! Master, I'm about to report this to you. Now, the business of the treasure chest acquisition, I'm afraid it can't be done, and no one is willing to sell the treasure chest."

Qi Yue looked helpless.

Qin Feng was surprised: "What's going on? It doesn't matter if the dark treasure chest can't be purchased, is it that no one has sold the gold treasure chest?"

Qiyue nodded: "Yes! No one is willing to sell the golden treasure chest now. The thing is, since the end of the Heavenly Punishment assessment, it has only been about 48 hours, and more than 3,000 challenging forces have been destroyed."

"In this way, the challenger forces are all in danger, and they no longer have the primary goal of exchanging strategic resources, but the primary goal of improving their strength."

"Those golden treasure chests and dark treasure chests can often open some useful equipment, so when they get the treasure chests, they will keep them for their own use, and will no longer exchange for strategic resources."

Qin Feng suddenly said, "So it is!"

At this moment, he was a little depressed.

He only needed a dark treasure chest to get a ninth-order treasure.

At this time, no challenger is willing to sell.

It seems that he can only rely on himself to collect the dark treasure chest.

If you want to get the dark treasure chest, you have to kill the emperor-level beast.

Emperor-level vicious beasts are often in the heaven-level realm, which is an existence that can be encountered but not sought after.

Where are you going to find this?

Not to mention emperor-level beasts, even king-level beasts are hard to come across.

At this time, Qi Yue said again: "Master, if you urgently need a hidden treasure chest, there is another way to get you a hidden treasure chest very quickly, and there are more than one."

Qin Feng hurriedly asked, "What can I do?"

Qiyue: "Master, I killed the children of the 30,000 yuan clan last night. After sorting out the harvest, I got a lot of useful information from some storage rings."