Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: The Mammoth King is the weakest among the five kings and is the easiest to hunt. It is suggested that more than 20 level 10 powerhouses be the team members, and the success rate of hunting will reach more than 70%. 】

Fuck it~!

No way?

The weakest mammoth king actually required twenty strong men above level 10 to form a team to hunt and kill, and the success rate was not 100%, but 70%.

This is very scary!

Then he went alone, I'm afraid it's no use!

He is not arrogant yet, thinking that he can defeat twenty level 10 powerhouses by himself.

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked ahead.

Where he is now is the 'Li Luo Prairie'.

According to the coordinates given by the task, the mammoth king is in the middle of the falling grassland, so it should be not far from him.

hiss~!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Why don't you go have a look!

Even if you can't beat it, it's good to know the situation first.

Chapter 46: Many beasts are also a kind of happiness

Thinking of this, Qin Feng made up his mind.

Immediately, he stepped forward to extract the corpse of the giant stone man...

This time, he got the D-level talent - the manipulation of soil.

This surprised him for a while.

D-level talent is extremely rare, and he got another one, which greatly helps his strength.

So far, he has only 6 kinds of D-level talents.

After rejoicing, he regained his mood and hurried to the location of the Mammoth King...

At the same moment, the chat channel was full of noise.

Everyone was surprised that Qin Feng had activated the task channel, and at the same time, they were also curious about what the task channel was for?

At the same time, this also made Liu Xuan and others look at Qin Feng with admiration again.

This Qin Feng boss is very low-key and mysterious, always bringing them some surprises from time to time.

Maybe, this time, Qin Feng can create a miracle again and bring victory to their No. 911 Novice Village again.

Thinking of this, everyone is more motivated to kill level 5 beasts and collect level 1 spirit flowers and grasses.

On the other side, Qin Feng continued on his way...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Qin Feng finally approached his destination.

Along the way, he also beheaded three level 10 beasts.

A total of 1470 energy points and 6 attributes were obtained, which was considered a small gain.

After he arrived at his destination, he saw the Mammoth King from a distance.

Next to the Mammoth King, there was a group of elephants, there were more than 60 giant elephants.

After seeing the elephant group, Qin Feng was first taken aback.

Isn't this obviously increasing the difficulty of killing the Elephant King!

No wonder the quest prompts that more than 20 level 10 powerhouses are required to team up to kill.

But after being stunned for a moment, he seemed to have thought of something, and his eyes lit up.

With his own power, he might not be able to kill the elephant king, but he would definitely have no problem dealing with those ordinary giant elephants.

There are more than 60 giant elephants, enough for him to rise to level 8 and win the bet.

This thought made Qin Feng excited.

With so many beasts in front of him, it is also a kind of happiness that he no longer has to rush to find the beasts.

At the moment, he suppressed his excitement, lay down in the half-human-high grass, and carefully looked away at the elephant herd.

He didn't dare to startle the snake.

If so many giant elephants rush over together, I am afraid that he will have to flee in embarrassment without the elephant king taking action.

Therefore, he has to plan carefully.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the nearest giant elephant.

【Ferocious Beast】: Violent Mammoth

[Level]: Level 12

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 15 stars

[Characteristics]: Berserk, bloodthirsty, guardian.

[Talent]: Physical Enhancement (E Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 1.2%

Huh~!

It's actually a level 12 beast!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

The energy provided by the level 12 beast is about 600 points, which is much higher than that of the level 10 beast, which is conducive to his upgrade.

Thinking of this, he thought about it and checked his level progress: Level 7 (7850/18000).

With this calculation, he probably hunted 20 more giant elephants, and then he would be able to level up.

Thinking of this, he felt a little bit of joy in his heart.

According to normal efficiency, if he hunted down a level 10 beast, he would need about 30 to level up.

And in the Bone Burial Wilderness, he could only find five or six beasts in an hour.

In terms of conversion, it would take six hours to upgrade to level 8.

Not so much trouble now.

There are more than 60 giant elephants of level 12, right in front of you!

As long as he operates properly and kills twenty of the giant elephants, he will be able to rise to level 8.

If all goes well, maybe not an hour.

At this thought, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Then, his eyes wandered and he looked at a giant elephant in the group of elephants.

The giant elephant was eight feet tall and had a huge body. It was obviously bigger than the surrounding giant elephants, and its imposing manner was more powerful.

[Ferocious Beast]: Mammoth Guardian (mutation level)

[Level]: Level 12

[Combat evaluation]: 21 stars

[Characteristics]: Berserk, bloodthirsty, guardian.

[Talent]: Physical Enhancement (E Grade), Earth Sensing (E Grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 12%

Huh~!

It's a level 12 mutant beast!

The combat power has reached 21 stars, which is a lot stronger than that of the prairie stone giant!

hiss~!

This is not easy to deal with!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

He glanced at his data, and the combat power evaluation was only at the 19-star limit, which was not as high as this mammoth general.

There are as many as three mammoth guardians in the elephant herd.

He looked at the center of the elephant group again, where there was a huge white mammoth, more than a circle bigger than the mammoth guardian, and the momentum was even more astonishing.

[Ferocious Beast]: Mammoth King (King Level)

[Level]: Level 12

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 25 stars

[Characteristics]: Berserk, bloodthirsty, guardian, territorial awareness.

[Talent]: Physical Super Transformation (D-level), Earth Control (D-level)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 100%

hiss~!

25-star combat power!

Double D-level talent!

Skills can't be checked!

Fuck it~!

This elephant king is too scary!

Qin Feng was shocked.

This Elephant King's combat power assessment is a full 6 stars higher than his!

No wonder the quest prompt suggested that more than 20 level 10 powerhouses should form a team to kill the elephant king.

Now it seems that even if there is no interference from the elephant herd, twenty level 10 powerhouses may not be able to kill the elephant king.

This elephant king is also the weakest of the five kings.

From this point of view, the task of cracking the seal of the Five Elements is extremely difficult!

This is only a C-level task, and there are B-level, A-level, S-level, and the highest SSS-level.

The difficulty is even harder to imagine!

It can be seen that the test given by Heaven is not simple.

However, the more difficult the test, the more benefits you get.

hiss~!

At the moment, Qin Feng took a deep breath, and the cat came down, ready to start

Chapter 47: Improve strength and kill in secret!

At the moment, Qin Feng took a deep breath, and the cat came down, ready to start.

Even if he is not as powerful as the elephant king, he has many talents and abilities, so he can try it.

What's more, his primary target is an ordinary giant elephant.

Execution of the elephant king can wait for an opportunity, or it can be delayed.