Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"For example, there are seven guardian forces in this area, and we have already wiped out the Cang Clan and the Qi Clan. The remaining Yuan Clan, Ye Clan, and Stone Clan are allies. The Xiao Clan and the Hui Clan are allies."

"And the backing of the Xiao Clan and the Hui Clan is a sea-monster who calls himself 'Ancestor Xunyun'. That guy is a peak power of the third level of the sky. If you kill it, you will definitely be able to explode the hidden treasure chest."

"Not only that, but it also has five sea monsters of the heaven-level realm under its command. Killing them can also explode the hidden treasure chest."

0

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "Yes! Where is the location of the ancestor Xunyun?"

Qiyue: "Sea of ​​Ten Thousand Tribulations, Xunyun Port, near Jade Beach, close to the old nest of the Owl and Huo people!"

Qin Feng suddenly smiled: "I have the Xiao Clan's land deed card in my hand, and I already know the location of the Xiao Clan. Now it seems that after I destroy the Yuan Clan, I will go back and destroy the Xiao Clan and the ancestor Xunyun."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The Yuan Clan was closer to the Headquarters of the Qi Clan, and the Owl Clan's nest was farther away.

Therefore, Qin Feng intends to destroy the Yuan clan first after the points are ranked, so as to avoid future troubles forever.

Qi Yue said with joy: "Master, I think so too. By the way, I also got a piece of news. The ancestor of Xunyun is not an ordinary sea monster. It is also a blood spirit beast, and the blood of the beast in the body has reached the middle level. quality level.”

"Back then, the beast **** also wanted to subdue it. However, its strength is too strong, and it has not only five sea monsters of the first level of the sky, but also hundreds of thousands of subordinates of vicious beasts."

"In that battle, it directly repelled the Beast God and the Nine Great Beast Emperors. Since then, the two sides have not crossed borders with each other, and peace has been temporarily settled."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes showed joy again.

Hundreds of thousands of beasts!

If he kills all of them, it will be enough for him to level up!

Last night's massacre had raised him to level 31.

But this is still far from his level 40 goal!

What's more, the ancestor Xunyun still has the blood of a mid-grade divine beast on his body.

This has a great effect on Qin Feng.

This time, his strength has skyrocketed again and again, relying on refining the blood of the divine beast.

And he has the seal of the beast, in addition to the thunder element, the blood of any beast can be refined.

Thinking of this, his heart burst into flames.

Immediately, he smiled and said, "Yue'er, well done! These news are very useful! It seems that after we destroy the Yuan clan, it is time to search for Yungang, and we will search for the ancestors of Yun for a while."

Qi Yue smiled and said, "That's how it should be!"

"Dad! Dad! The points announcement is about to begin!"

At this moment, an excited voice sounded above the two of them.

Xiao Luan'er also stopped comprehending the law and rushed over excitedly.

The little guy has also been thinking about the announcement of the points.

Qin Feng hurriedly checked the time, only three minutes left.

Chapter 366 The points are strong and enter the top ten!

At the same time, a high-level meeting was being held in the headquarters of the Yaotian family, in the discussion hall.

The person who presided over the meeting was a man with a face as white as jade.

His facial features are handsome and his expression is dignified. He looks less than thirty years old, very young.

In fact, this man is not young, he is more than seven hundred years old.

His name is Yao Tianxun, an eighth-level peak powerhouse, ranking first among Yaotian Taishang elders.

The lifespan of the earth-level realm is about three hundred years old.

Shouyuan, who is about 450 years old like Qin Feng, is really extraordinary.

And the lifespan of the heaven-level realm is one thousand years old.

That Yao Tianxun is over seven hundred years old!

It's just that when he was very young, he broke through to the realm of heaven and earth, so his appearance was permanent and he looked very young.

It can be seen from this point that this person is extremely talented and has extraordinary strength.

In fact, he is also the second strongest in the Yaotian clan!

The first strong person is naturally the Yaotian Clan Chief.

Now, the Yaotian Patriarch is in retreat.

All matters within the clan are handled by Yao Tianxun.

At this moment, Yao Tianxun sat on the chair of the Grand Master, frowned, and looked at the seven Grand Elders sitting on both sides.

Of the seven Supreme Elders, two were at the eighth level of heaven, and five were at the seventh level of heaven.

And behind these Taishang elders, there are dozens of heaven-level powerhouses, whose strengths range from the first-level to the sixth-level.

This is the powerful strength of the Yaotian family!

Of course, these are not all their strengths!

At this time, Yao Tianxun looked at Yao Mantra.

"Yao curse, what you said is true? That Qin Feng's reputation really reached 806 points?"

"Back to Taishang, this matter is reported by Yao Zhong, and my subordinates dare not hide it!"

Yao cursed respectfully.

In front of Yao Tianxun, he was very respectful.

The same is the Supreme Elder, but his status is much worse than Yao Tianxun.

Yao Tianxun sighed: "If it's true, that Qin Feng really needs to pay attention. However, the results you reported are really amazing. Is there an element of exaggeration?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at Yao curse.

They also felt that the Yao Mantra was a bit exaggerated.

It's only been a few days?

For a challenger to get that much prestige, they are absolutely exaggerated and unrealistic.

Before Yao Mantra could defend himself, Yao Zhong, who was behind him, took the initiative to step forward.

"Ancestor Huitianxun, there is no exaggeration in this matter! When Tiandao released the announcement, I said it myself!"

Yao Zhong respectfully replied.

There was an uproar!

Everyone was shocked.

Yao Tianxun was slightly surprised: "If so! That Qin Feng can't be underestimated!"

At this time, an old man said: "Shang Shang, the prestige of this Qin Feng is indeed very high. But high prestige does not mean high strength. Whether that kid is worthy of our Yao clan's attention remains to be discussed."

As soon as these words fell, many people agreed.

"That's right! Prestige doesn't represent strength, and I can't look at him too much!"

"Haha! It's just a small challenger leader, how can he be strong? I think he is just lucky and has so much prestige. In terms of strength, he may be very average!"

"Yeah! This year's challenger is from Xiaoqian World, and the potential and foundation are very poor. If you want to see this old man, that Qin Feng may not even be able to reach the strength of the first level!"

"Haha! With the human potential of Xiaoqian World, to be able to reach the strength of the first level of heaven in such a short period of time, that is already a high regard for him!"

The tone of these people is full of arrogance.

You know, they are a mysterious force above and above.

On weekdays, they don't even look down on the guardian forces, let alone the less powerful challenge forces.

In fact, the status of mysterious forces is indeed much higher than that of guardian forces and challenge forces.

There are tens of thousands of factions in each division.

There are only ten mysterious forces.

They are also the spires of these forces!

Because of this, Yaotian's children became accustomed to being arrogant.

At this moment, they suddenly heard Qin Feng's amazing achievements, and they were a little unacceptable and subconsciously belittled.

Seeing this scene, Yao Tianxun nodded slightly.

Deep down he didn't think Qin Feng would be so strong.

Immediately, he said: "Whether Qin Feng is lucky or really strong, we will know soon. Tiandao will announce the points soon. I will wait to see the points of Longyuan Town, and I will know their details. already."

Yao has put it lightly.

The crowd joined in.

"Ancestor Tianxun is right! Whether that Qin Feng has any strength, we will find out after looking at the points."

"Yeah! The points are announced, it will start soon. I'll wait and see!"

"To be honest, it's not that I look down on him! When the points were announced for the first time in the past, there has never been a challenge force, and the points can reach 3,000 points. I wonder if this Longyuan Town can pass 3,000 points?"

It was at this moment that Tiandao's reminder sounded over the entire first competition area.

[Division Announcement: The power points ranking of this division is now announced]

Boom~!

here we go!

Points announcement has finally started!

In the hall, everyone was refreshed and waited eagerly.

At the same moment, all the members of Division 1 raised their ears, for fear of missing any information.

The people of Longyuan Town are no exception.

At this moment, the atmosphere with the strongest atmosphere is still in the Yaotian Hall.

At this time, Tiandao's prompt sounded again...

[Competition area announcement: The power points ranking in this announcement is the initial ranking. For the top ten forces, all members will be rewarded with 1,000 attributes, and their leaders will be rewarded with 10,000 attributes. 】

As soon as the news came out, in the Yaotian Hall, some young heavenly masters began to mutter.

"No way? Only 1000 attribute points are awarded? It doesn't seem to be much!"

"Yeah! I thought I would be rewarded with 10,000 or 20,000 attribute points!"

Yao Tianxun couldn't help but reprimanded: "What do you know? This is the initial ranking, and it can't be regarded as a real reward. The real reward of points is at the back, and the benefit is dozens of times, or even hundreds of times, of this reward!"

As soon as these words fell, those young children were dumbfounded!

Oh my God!

Dozens of times? ! Hundreds of times? !

Then the reward is tens of thousands, or even 100,000 attributes!

If it is the leader, it will be hundreds of thousands of points, or even millions of attribute rewards!

Is it so exaggerated?

Those young people were shocked!

This time, they didn't dare to speak!

Start listening to the announcement of the points one by one.

[Announcement from the competition area: The first place - Liudao clan (mysterious force), 76,300 points. 】

"Sure enough, it's the Six Dao Clan again!"

"Tsk tsk! 76,300 points! That's amazing!"

"Of course! Last year, the Six Dao Clan almost entered the top five in the world. Now, it's not surprising that they have such results!"

At this moment, in the hall.