Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The Yao people were amazed.

[Announcement of the competition area: The second place - Da Luo Clan (mysterious force), 71,100 points. 】

Gee~! Gee~!

71,100 points!

The Daluo tribe is still strong!

People are amazed again

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Longyuan Town.

The townspeople were also amazed.

"My God! The first and second places are both more than 70,000 points! It's amazing!"

"Of course! They are all mysterious forces that have existed for thousands of years, even tens of thousands of years!"

"Oh! These mysterious strengths are so strong, can we still get the initial top ten in Longyuan Town?"

"Yeah! If we don't get the top ten, we won't get any rewards!"

"Hey! Seeing that the first and second points are so high, I'm so worried! I'm so worried that our Long Yuan won't be able to make it into the top ten! I also hope that this reward will make the boss's strength step into the sky in one fell swoop. Level six thresholds!"

At this time, Qishan appeared.

Qishan: "Little friend upstairs, this is the initial ranking, so the rewards for the top ten are the same. It's just an appetizer from Tiandao. The real point competition hasn't started yet!"

Qishan: "When the competition starts, the real rewards will come. At that time, the rewards given by Heavenly Dao will be dozens of times, or even a hundred times more."

As soon as these words fell, everyone was shocked.

And the announcement of Tiandao continued to come...

[Announcement from the competition area: The third place - Xinggu clan (mysterious force), 65,700 points. 】…

Another mysterious force!

Everyone in Long Yuan sighed in their hearts.

Only at this moment did they realize the insignificance of Longyuan Town.

Immediately afterwards, Tiandao continued to announce the rankings…

Everyone in Long Yuan continued to listen...

In a blink of an eye, Tiandao was announced to the eighth place.

[Competition area announcement: Eighth place - Haoyang Clan (mysterious force), 47,700 points. 】…

This is still a mysterious force!

However, the points finally reached below 50,000 points.

Everyone in Long Yuan suddenly became nervous.

"Brothers, the eighth place is 47,700 points! We have hope of entering the top ten!"

"Yeah! Our points are 43,600 points, which is similar to the Haoyang Clan!"

"That's right! It's only 4,100 points away! There are still two places in the top ten, and one should be ours"

"Oops! This is so nerve-racking!"

"Yeah! I hope our Longyuan Town can enter the top ten! Even if this initial ranking reward is an appetizer, 1,000 attribute points per capita is a lot!"

"That's right! One thousand attributes! It can increase the combat power of about 20 stars."

"Also! If you can enter the top ten, the boss can get 10,000 attribute points, which can increase the combat power of about 200 stars."

"Brothers, the more you talk about me, the more nervous I get!"

This is the end of the sentence, and the ninth place result is also out.

[Announcement from the competition area: Ninth place - Blood Moon Clan (mysterious force), 43,700 points. 】…

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar in the chat channel.

Everyone in Long Yuan will cheer!

The ninth place is 43,700 points!

And Longyuan Town is 43,600 points!

With such a calculation, Longyuan Town almost won the tenth place!

As long as the tenth place is won, the initial reward will arrive.

Moreover, the top ten of this initial reward are all the same.

"Haha! Brothers, we may have to finish tenth! We are only 100 points less than ninth!"

"Yeah! The reward is coming soon!"

"Brothers, don't worry! Wait for Tiandao to continue to announce!"

At this moment, Longyuan Town was extremely excited, and there was a trace of apprehension.

The final announcement is yet to come!

After all, they have a trace of concern!

At the same time, the tens of thousands of forces in the first division were all sighing.

The ninth place is still the mysterious force!

Looking at this situation, the top ten mysterious strengths will still occupy the top ten.

For so many years, this has been the case in almost every session, no exceptions!

At this moment, Yuan Clan headquarters.

Ji Ning is getting together with three strong men.

Among the three powerhouses, one was a middle-aged man with an extremely powerful aura.

The man's name was Ye Han, and he was the patriarch of the Ye Clan.

Next to the man was an old man in a yellow robe, who was also a Heaven-level first-level powerhouse named Ishihara.

He is the patriarch of the Stone Clan.

There is also an old man in black robes, a top-level powerhouse named Xiaolin.

He is the Supreme Elder of the Owl Clan.

This time on the mission to the Yuan clan, I wanted to form an alliance with the Yuan clan to deal with Qin Feng and Longyuan Town together.

At this point, the four of them couldn't help but smile at each other after hearing the announcement of the ninth place.

Afterwards, Ji Ning sighed: "The ninth place is indeed the Blood Moon Clan! These mysterious forces are really powerful!"

Ye Han nodded: "Yeah! The top ten mysterious forces are the top ten mysterious forces, all of them are extraordinary, far surpassing me! There is no doubt that the next tenth place is the Yaotian family."

Ishihara smiled and said, "Is this still a guess? It's definitely the Yaotian family!"

Xiaolin interjected: "I haven't seen Longyuan Town in the top ten! From the perspective of 3.4, Longyuan Town is not as strong as we imagined!"

Hearing this, Ye Han and Ishihara rolled their eyes involuntarily.

What are you kidding? !

Longyuan Town is just a new challenge force!

Can it be compared with the Yaotian family?

The two laughed and shook their heads, disdain for excuses!

At the same time, Yaotian headquarters, in the discussion hall.

Everyone in Yaotian cheered.

"The Blood Moon clan won the ninth place with 43,700 points. My clan has 41,000 points, which is only 2,700 points less than them. It can definitely take the tenth place!"

"Of course! The tenth place! It must belong to my Yaotian family!"

"Although it is an appetizer, a thousand attributes is still a very good reward!"

"Haha! The old man can't wait, just waiting for the reward!"

"Ha ha!"

This time, the whole audience laughed.

Everyone in Yaotian thought that the top ten awards had been secured.

Even Yao Tianxun showed a faint smile.

At this time, Tiandao began to announce the tenth place result.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

[Announcement of the competition area: The tenth place - Longyuan Town (challenging force), 43,600 points. 】…

What? !

The tenth place is Longyuan Town? !

Boom~!

In the entire competition area, hundreds of millions of players were shocked and shocked!

At this moment, they were all dumbfounded, almost thinking they heard it wrong!

Yaotian Hall.

The high level of Zhong Yaotian was even more like being hit by five thunders, and instantly stood on the spot, the smile on his face froze!

The atmosphere in the field instantly became dead silent!

Chapter 367 Elimination Competition! Official opening!

At the same time, Yuanzu headquarters.

Ji Ning, Ye Han, Shi Yuan, and Xiao Lin were all dumbfounded!

Especially Ye Han and Ishihara were hit the hardest.

Before, they didn't look down on Longyuan Town, thinking that Longyuan Town couldn't compare to the Yaotian family at all.

Unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, I was slapped in the face!

This time, the four were silent.

The atmosphere in the field is a little depressing!

On the other side, Longyuan Town cheered.

In the chat channel, it was even more boiling.

"Haha! Tenth! We got tenth!"

"The initial reward is here!"

"Woooo! It's so exciting!"

Just when the words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Competition area announcement: The initial top ten rankings have been announced! 】

[Congratulations to all the members who entered the top ten forces and received 1000 attribute rewards! 】

[Congratulations to all the leaders of the top ten forces, who have received 10,000 attribute rewards! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, a beam of reward beams of light descended over the major stations of Longyuan Town.

In the next second, earth-shattering cheers erupted from every corner!

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Three reward beams of light fell from the sky!

An extremely dazzling one fell on Qin Feng.

The other two fell on Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue respectively.