Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long!

Suddenly, the three attribute points skyrocketed all the way!

In the blink of an eye, Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue each gained a thousand attributes.

Qin Feng's attributes continue to soar!

After a while, his reward ended, and his attributes increased by 10,000 points.

10,000 attribute rewards!

very good!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of joy.

You know, it's all just an appetizer!

The points competition has not officially started yet!

The real rewards won't start until the point race begins.

And those rewards will be dozens or even hundreds of times today's, which is unimaginable.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at Qiyue and Xiaoluaner beside him.

The two little girls have opened the panel and are adding points to themselves.

After a while, they had finished adding points.

"Dad, I've finished adding up my points! Another 11 added a lot of strength!"

"Master! I've finished adding it too!"

The two girls were beaming with excitement.

Seeing their happy appearance, Qin Feng's mood also improved.

At this moment, a series of reminders came from Tiandao.

One after another, white light flew from the void and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Reminder: Your subordinate Hu Lili has a combat power of 200 stars, and you have been rewarded with 100 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Zhou Chen's combat power has exceeded 200 stars, and you have been rewarded with 100 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Chen Bin's combat power has exceeded 200 stars, and you have been rewarded with 100 attribute points. 】

This time, Qin Feng's attributes skyrocketed again.

He closed his eyes involuntarily, enjoying it comfortably.

It turned out that all his subordinates were adding points.

Now, there are a large number of people who have broken 200 stars and started to feed him back.

As the leader of one of the challenging forces, there are such benefits and privileges.

For this, those guardian forces and mysterious forces are extremely envious.

Therefore, each session of the Ten Thousand Worlds hegemony and challenge forces will create a group of peerless powerhouses.

Most of those peerless powerhouses are leaders of one side.

However, this kind of increase in the level of back-feeding requires the number of sites.

For example, if you want to get the feedback of breaking the 50-star combat power, you need to have two power sites.

Many leaders of challenging forces have the privilege of feeding back, but they do not have enough power territory to qualify for it.

For example, those power leaders who only have one territory.

After they get the feedback of breaking 30 stars, they will not get the feedback of breaking 50 stars.

The number of sites Qin Feng has laid down has already met his qualifications for 200-star feedback.

After breaking the 200-star combat power backfeeding times, the upper limit is reached.

The next level of feedback is the feedback of breaking 500 stars.

If Qin Feng wants to obtain the qualification of 500-star feedback, he needs to own ten sites.

At present, the sites he owns are: Longyuan Headquarters, Tayue Town, Cangtu Department, Blue Wind Department, Cang Clan Old Nest, and Qi Clan Old Nest, a total of six.

If he wants to obtain the back-feeding authority to break 500 stars, he still needs to lay down four more sites.

However, he still has the title deed cards of the Yuan clan's nest and the Xiao clan's nest in his hand.

This means that there are already two sites that will soon fall into his hands.

In short, he needs to occupy the territory of those guardian forces.

That would be of great benefit to his future development.

As for the sites that challenged the forces, even if they got a title deed card, it would not count as the number of sites they acquired.

This is the rule of heaven!

Tiandao encourages challenger forces and guardian forces to oppose each other, and does not encourage mutual infighting.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

The continuous feedback of combat power has finally ended.

Qin Feng also opened his eyes.

Then, he opened the panel and checked the harvest...

[Free attribute]: 26100 points.

"Not bad! In addition to the 10,000 attribute bonus, there are also 16,100 attribute points. It seems that this time, the battle strength of 161 townspeople has exceeded 200 stars!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

It seems that this reward has greatly increased the overall strength of Longyuan Town!

Thinking of this, he was in a good mood.

Then he started adding...

Before long, all the points will be added!

His basic combat power has been raised to 23,500 stars in one fell swoop, and with the power of foundation building, that is 29,500 stars, and his strength has increased a lot!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Having said that, under this wave of rewards, Qin Feng should be the one who gains the most among all the forces.

The leaders of the remaining nine mysterious forces, although they also received 10,000 attribute rewards, but they did not have the combat power of their subordinates to feed back, and they only received 10,000 points in total.

With the feedback from his subordinates, Qin Feng has accumulated 26,100 attribute points, which is more than twice that of the leaders.

This is the difference!

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more comfortable he is!

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Competition area announcement: The initial points ranking (power) rewards have been distributed! 】

[Announcement of the competition area: The first round of points knockout will officially start in ten minutes! 】

[Knockout rules: After the end of this round, forces with 0 points will be severely punished. 】

[Punishment standard: Force members deduct 5,000 attributes, and force leaders deduct 10,000 attributes. 】

Boom~!

The news is out!

The whole area was a sensation!

Especially those challenge forces that are still 0 points, weeping.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Some are still guarding forces with 0 points, and their faces are full of fear.

Members deduct 5,000 attributes, which is equivalent to deducting about 100 star power.

According to the rules, if the attribute points are not enough to be deducted, it will be turned into nothingness on the spot, and there will be no scum left in the dead!

Even the people in Longyuan Town were horrified when they saw this rule.

Today, the weakest person in Longyuan Town has about 150 stars, that is Li Xianhu's sister Li Xianyue.

I can't stand such punishment!

Today, 50-star combat power is impossible in this killing world.

Simply put, it will be an extremely cruel knockout match!

The forces that are punished are equivalent to announcing that they have been eliminated!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

[Reward rules: After the end of this round, the first to third place in points will be awarded first-class rewards. 】

[Reward rules: After this round is over, those who rank fourth to tenth in points will get second-class rewards. 】

[Reward rules: After the end of this round, those who rank 11th to 100th in points will get third-class rewards. 】

[Reward rules: After the end of this round, those who rank 101st to 1000th in points will get a fourth-class reward. 】

[Reward rules: After the end of this round, those who rank from 1001st to 5000th in points will get fifth-level rewards. 】

[Reminder: The first-class reward is the highest, and the fifth-class reward is the lowest. For each level higher, the reward value increases tenfold. 】

[Reminder: After the first round, the points exchange system will be opened. 】

[Reminder: After the first round, personal points ranking will be activated and personal ranking rewards will be issued. 】

[Reminder: There are 13,692 forces in this division, including 10 mysterious forces. 】

[Reminder: The time limit for the first round of competition is 24 hours. Ten minutes later, the game was officially timed. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, all the forces in the entire competition area were in uproar again.

The first round of knockout is about to begin!

All the forces are starting to get tense!

Longyuan Town couldn't help feeling urgency.

In the chat channel, it became popular in an instant.

In the zero-degree space, after Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue heard the announcement, they felt urgent.

This first-round knockout was only given 24 hours!

Don't be in a hurry!

"Master! In ten minutes, the first round will begin!"

"Yeah! Dad! The rewards this time are different. There will be really big rewards, but the rewards will also be graded."

The two little girls said excitedly.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Yes!"

Xiao Luan hurriedly said: "Dad! According to the rules, the value of the first-class reward is ten times that of the second-class reward! We must enter the top three this time!"

Qi Yue worried: "Little Luan'er, we now have 43,600 points. The Xinggu clan in third place has 65,700 points, which is 22,100 points more than us. We want to surpass them, it's unlikely!"

Xiao Luan'er immediately patted her head: "Yes! This time the gap is a bit big! But I still want that first-class reward!"

At this time, Qin Feng took a deep breath and said, "Since it's a competition, we naturally have to win the best reward. If we want to get into the top three, it's not without a chance."

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Master, do you have a new plan?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I have two land deed cards in my hand, it is the Yuan clan and the Xiao clan. It is not difficult to destroy these two clans and earn 30,000 points. Then, I will find a way to get some points and bring the total points to 9. More than ten thousand points, maybe there are points rushing into the top ten."

Qiyue nodded slightly: "Yes! This is a chance! But the Yuan clan and the Xiao clan are far away from us. It will take a lot of time to rush back and forth."

"When we destroy these two clans, the first round of competition is almost over. By then, it will be good for us to collect 80,000 points, but it will be difficult to get 90,000 points!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's not a problem to hurry! I have a way to destroy both clans within half a day."