Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as these words came out, Qiyue and Xiaoluan's eyes lit up.

Before they could ask, Qin Feng issued an order.

"Yue'er! Speed ​​up the notification! Only a hundred people are left to guard the major stations, and the rest are transferred to the headquarter of the Qi clan! Ten minutes later, there will be a big action!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, Qiyue hurriedly took the order and left...

At the same time, the main hall of Yaotian Clan.

At this time, the atmosphere in the field was very depressing!

The high-level officials had already recovered from the previous blows, but the suffocation in their hearts had not been relieved.

Even, many people have the urge to vomit blood!

980 initial top ten rewards!

They thought they were safe!

But he didn't want to, he was robbed by Longyuan Town!

That Qin Feng is really damn!

"Ancestor Tianxun, that Qin Feng has to be removed!"

Yao Zhong took the initiative to speak.

Until this moment, he didn't know why Elder Yaokun attached so much importance to Qin Feng.

"Your Majesty, the old man wants to go to Area 1 and kill Qin Feng with his own hands, so that there will be no future troubles!"

Yaozhu also took the initiative to invite Ying!

The matters from Area 1 to Area 3 are all controlled by him.

Now that there is a monster like Qin Feng in the No. 1 area, it is naturally up to him to solve it.

Yao Tianxun looked at Yao Mantra and thought about it in his heart.

This Yao Mantra is a peak powerhouse of the seventh level of heaven.

If he goes, he should be able to kill Qin Feng!

In Yao Tianxun's view, no matter how strong Qin Feng is, it is already a miracle among miracles if he can reach the sixth heaven level!

It is absolutely possible to kill a powerhouse at the peak of the seventh level of heaven.

However, he can't be careless!

That Qin Feng is so weird!

He can't give Qin Feng any chance to turn over.

Thinking of this, Yao curse said: "Yao curse, then Qin Feng is a great hidden danger. This time, he actually stole the tenth ranking of our Yaotian family. It is a crime that deserves death!"

"However, if you go alone, the deity is always a little worried. Let's do it, the deity will let Yao Yun go with you!"

"In addition, the two of you will bring 20 more heavenly disciples. After the meeting, you will set off immediately! Make no mistake!"

As soon as these words fell, the high-level officials changed their colors.

Oh my God!

Na Yaoyun is also a peak powerhouse at the seventh level of heaven.

The two peak seventh-level powerhouses, plus twenty heaven-level disciples, had a comprehensive strength comparable to that of the eighth-level threshold-level powerhouses.

It can be seen that the ancestor of Tianxun treats Qin Feng's affairs very seriously!

And if such strength is sent out, Qin Feng will surely die!

At this time, in front of the hall, the voice of Yao Tianxun came again.

"In addition, the first knockout round is about to begin! Regional leaders, hurry up to your responsible area, activate our vassal forces, and start collecting points!"

"Our Yaotian clan did not get the initial tenth place this time, which is a huge loss of face. This deity hopes that after 24 hours, our Yaotian clan can return to the tenth place."

Hearing this, Yao cursed himself: "Don't worry! As long as I kill Qin Feng! Destroy Longyuan Town! My Yaotian clan will definitely return to the tenth place!"

Yao Tianxun nodded: "I hope so! Everyone, hurry up and act!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, all the high-level leaders took their orders and left.

A quarter of an hour later, Yao Zhu and Yao Yun, two seven-level peak powerhouses, led twenty heavenly disciples away from Yunzhou Island and rushed to Area 1.

A great war is about to begin

Chapter 368: A hundred thousand army! Kill to the lair!

At the same moment, the Square of the Headquarters of the Clan.

Qin Feng stood in the sky, overlooking the entire square.

I saw 15,000 people gathered in the square.

The battle strength of Longyuan Town is basically concentrated here.

There are only a few hundred people left behind in the major strongholds.

There are also hundreds of children of the Qi clan, who are supervising more than 65,000 slaves. The responsibility is very heavy and they cannot come here.

Having said that, the more than 65,000 slaves have been assigned to major mining sites, and they are all mining day and night, which makes the resource collection speed of Longyuan Town reach an unprecedented height.

In the future, it will definitely be a flashpoint for the rise of Longyuan Town!

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at everyone silently.

In the square, the atmosphere is a little tense!

Everyone was talking quietly.

"You said that the boss brought us all together, what is he going to do?"

"I don't know! I guess something big is going to happen!"

"Isn't this nonsense! However, this is the first time I have seen such a big battle, and I am a little nervous."

"Yeah! I'm a little nervous too! Having said that, I guess the boss is doing this for the point competition!"

"Yes! The knockout round is about to begin! This time, the top three will be awarded the first prize, and the fourth to tenth place will be awarded the second prize. According to our current results, we can only barely get a second prize!"

"Yeah! After all, we're only tenth! If we're unlucky, or if we slack off, we'll drop out of the top ten and get a third prize!"

"Third-tier reward? What the hell! That's much worse than the second-tier reward!"

"Yeah! The value of the third-class reward is only ten times that of the second-class reward! I know, the boss gathered everyone together, and he must mobilize us to get points and keep the second-class reward."

"That's right! That's how it should be!"

"I think as long as we work hard, we should be able to keep the second-class reward. If we say that we can threaten our tenth position, it is the Yaotian family. As long as we don't let the Yaotian family surpass it within 24 hours. ."

"Everyone, why do you only want to keep the second-class reward, instead of sprinting for the first-class reward?"

As soon as these words fell, there was a burst of laughter from the crowd.

"Brother, what are you kidding? Our Longyuan Town ranks last in the top ten. Do you think it is possible to sprint from the tenth place to the top three? Besides, Tiandao has only given twenty-four hours. Can we do it in such a short time?"

"I also don't think it's possible! The Liudao Clan, Daluo Clan, and Xinggu Clan who are in the top three are too strong! The gap between us and them is too big!"

"Yeah! Both the Liudao Clan and the Daluo Clan have more than 70,000 points, and the Xinggu Clan is also 65,700 points. Not to mention the Liudao Clan and the Daluo Clan, even if we compare with the Xinggu Clan in third place, we are 2.2 behind. extremely."

"Let's analyze the Xinggu clan carefully. The 65,700 points they got were obtained within 48 hours. At this rate, they can get about 33,000 points every 24 hours."

"That is to say, after the first round, their points can reach about 98,700 points."

"Wow! 98,700 points, that's equivalent to 100,000 points. You mean, if our Longyuan Town wants to defeat the Xinggu Clan and enter the top three, we must achieve 100,000 points in the next 24 hours?"ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"That's right! You have to reach about 100,000 points to have hope. If you are unlucky, you may not be able to achieve 100,000 points."

"Oops! We only got 4.36 points now, and it took 48 hours to get it. It's almost impossible for us to increase our points to 100,000 in the next 24 hours!"

"Yeah! So, our next goal is to keep the second-class reward, and don't expect to win the first-class reward. It will not succeed."

"Indeed! However, I really want to get the first-class reward! That's ten times the value of the second-class reward!"

"Hey! Who doesn't want to? But strength doesn't allow it!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone sighed.

In the air, Qin Feng heard everyone's discussions clearly.

Everyone's analysis is right, it is too difficult for Longyuan Town to break into the top ten.

Before, he estimated that he scored 90,000 points and had hope of entering the top three.

Now, for such an analysis by the audience, I am afraid that it really needs more than 100,000 points.

One hundred thousand points!

Longyuan Town is not without opportunities.

Qin Feng was thinking in his heart.

At this moment, Qiyue flew forward.

"Master! Everyone is here!"

"it is good!"

Qin Feng nodded with satisfaction.

The bottom immediately became quiet, and everyone looked at Qin Feng.

Everyone knows that the boss is about to issue an order.

In front of the crowd, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Liu Yuan and other leaders were also waiting for orders.

Qin Feng looked around the crowd and said, "Next, we will have a series of **** battles! The first battle is to kill the Yuan clan. We must eliminate them within two hours!"

Boom~!

The crowd was in an uproar.

Liu Xuan was surprised: "Boss, we are too far away from the Yuan clan. Even if the army moves at full speed, it will take seven or eight hours to reach the Yuan clan's lair. It is impossible to completely solve the Yuan clan within two hours. !"

Lei Jue was also surprised: "Yes! Boss, is it too late?"

Qin Fengyao looked in the direction of the Yuan family and smiled slightly: "At my speed, I can arrive within an hour. As long as I can get there, you can get there!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved to the audience.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, 15,000 people in the audience turned into white light, and he was taken into the zero-degree space by him.

It turned out that Qin Feng thought of a wonderful way to use his zero-dimensional space to transport troops.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng, Xiao Luan'er, Yueling clone, and dozens of left-behind members were left in the field.

The rest of the people were sent to zero-dimensional space by him.

"Little Luan'er, fit together!"

"Um!"

Xiao Luan'er responded obediently and turned into a divine bird covered in golden flames.

Qin Feng quickly picked up the seal and performed the psychic fusion...

He must hurry up.

Because he wanted to get rid of the Yuan clan within two hours.

Only in this way can he squeeze out more time to destroy the Owl Clan, Huo Clan, Night Clan, and Stone Clan.

It turned out that he wanted to destroy the five guardian forces in one day.

Only by doing this will he have a chance to hit 100,000 points and get a first-class reward.

If you spend too much time on the Yuan clan, you won't have the chance to destroy other forces, let alone win first-class rewards.

This is Qin Feng's ambition!