Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a moment, Qin Feng was covered in the phoenix feather armor, with a pair of huge phoenix wings on his back, and his momentum was shocking!

Psychic union! Finish!

His combat power suddenly reached 33,000 stars, which was extremely terrifying.

Qin Feng also showed a satisfied smile.

Before the fusion, his combat power was 29,500 stars.

After the integration, the combat power has skyrocketed by about 3500 stars.

"It's time to kill it!"

Boom~!

Qin Feng spread his wings and rushed towards the Yuan clan.

That's horribly fast!

Under the blessing of the law of wind and the law of speed, his flying speed has been infinitely close to the eighth level of the sky.

Below, the dozens of left-behind townspeople were dumbfounded!

In just a moment, Qin Feng turned into a starlight and disappeared from everyone's sight.

Seeing this scene, Yueling's clone also turned around and walked towards the teleportation array.

The ontology has already acted, and he will also start to act.

In the blink of an eye, the Moon Spirit clone also disappeared into the teleportation array...

At the same time, the two teleportation formations at the corner of the square at the Yuan family headquarters were constantly glowing with white light.

Every time the white light turns on, dozens of people will appear in the array.

As soon as those people appeared, they gathered in the square.

At this time, the number of people gathered in the square has reached 90,000, and the number is still increasing wildly.

At this time, Ji Ning, Ye Han, and Shi Yuan were above the square, watching this scene silently.

Several people's eyes showed joy.

Beside Ji Ning and the others, there were two old men and a mysterious man.

One of them is Xiao Qi, who is now the ruler of the Xiao Clan.

After the death of the patriarch Xiaoyun, it was this Xiaoqi who was in power.

Another old man, wearing a white robe, was powerful.

He is the patriarch of the Hui clan - Hui Ni.

The last mysterious man, with fish scales on his face and golden eyes, was actually a sea monster.

He is the first powerhouse under Xunyun's ancestor - the Golden Scale War Emperor, and his strength has suddenly reached the second level of heaven.

It turned out that after the ranking of points came out, Ji Ning and others were shocked and fully realized the seriousness of the problem.

They have realized that if the five clans do not unite, they will definitely not be able to deal with Longyuan Town.

In order to survive, they must stick together!

At the moment, the alliance of the five races, hit it off!

Ji Ning even directly opened the teleportation connection with the headquarters of the Xiao Clan and the Hui Clan.

Let the armies of these two clans rush to the Yuan clan to gather in the shortest time.

In this way, the five clan armies gathered together to form an alliance army, ready to attack the Qi clan headquarters together to avenge Yuan Kong and others.

Up to now, they realized without guessing that the headquarters of the Qi clan was occupied by Longyuan Town.

Yuan Kong and others have been poisoned by Qin Feng!

In the face of Qin Feng, who was born in the sky, the leaders of several major guardian forces were all in danger at first.

That Xiao Qi and Hui Ni even invited Xunyun ancestors!

The ancestor Xunyun was in retreat and could not come in person, so he sent the Golden Scale War Emperor to help.

At this moment, the square is over.

Ye Han looked at the endless stream of reinforcements and showed a relaxed smile.

"Everyone, at this rate of increase in troops! At most half an hour, our army of 100,000 will be able to assemble."

Ishihara also stroked his beard and said with a smile: "Of course! When the 100,000 army is assembled, we will set off immediately to attack the headquarters of the Qi clan and kill the Qin Feng thief!"

It turned out that this time, all ethnic groups sent 20,000 troops.

Gathered together, that is an army of 100,000!

Xiao Qi worried: "Everyone, that Qin Feng and Longyuan Town are very strong! Last night, the Yuankong Patriarch and Yao Kun took 30,000 troops to nowhere. It can be seen that their strength is extremely strong. Can our 100,000 army win them?"

Ye Leng smiled: "If you want me to see, even if Longyuan Town won last night, it must have won very badly! I'm afraid they don't have much strength left now, it's the best opportunity for us to attack!"

Ishihara nodded: "That's right! As far as I know, a challenger village usually has about 1,000 people. Even if Qin Fengtian, a prodigy, unified the other nine villages, it would only be about 10,000 people. "

"After they fought last night, I'm afraid there won't be a few thousand people left. We have 100,000 people against thousands of people, and the odds are very good! Besides, the first round of points has been eliminated, and most of my forces are still 0 points. , face the danger of being punished."

"So, today, no matter what, we have to fight to the death with Longyuan Town. At least kill some of them and get 0 points!"

Hui Ni quickly agreed: "That's right! Today, breaking 0 points is the top priority!"

"Indeed!"

"Yeah! We must break 0 points! Otherwise, the punishment of that day will be terrible!"

All the bigwigs nodded.

Ji Ning also said: "In short, from the current situation, we must fight Longyuan Town! This is a battle for our survival! Even if we can't win, we have to fight them."

Xiao Qi smiled bitterly: "Yeah! It doesn't matter if you can't win, as long as you break 0 points! Otherwise, being punished by Heaven will be even worse!"

Ye Han smiled nonchalantly: "Who said we can't win? Let's not talk about the 100,000 army. There are four of us from the sky-level powerhouse, eleven from the peak of the prefecture-level, and more than 700 from the top-level powerhouse. ."

"We have a combined attack above the ground level, even if the heaven-level fifth-layer powerhouse is strong, we have to retreat. Together with the army of 100,000, we will definitely be able to win Longyuan Town."

Ishihara echoed: "It makes sense! Longyuan Town is a new force after all, and even if it is strong, its strength is limited. If I ask the old man to see, that Qin Feng is also the strength of the fourth-level peak of the sky."

Ye Han nodded: "I guess he has that strength at most. Of course, he may not. He was able to defeat the Yuan clan leader and the elder Kun last night. Maybe he cooperated with the beast god."

As soon as these words fell, everyone's faces changed slightly, and they vaguely felt that there was a possibility.

And this possibility, they are more willing to accept in their hearts.

Up to now, these big bosses who are always high above the ground still can't accept Qin Feng's power deep in their hearts.

They couldn't accept that they were overtaken by the leader of a new challenger force. And go beyond that.

It was at this moment that Ji Ning's communication jade talisman moved.

She quickly took a look.

After reading this, her face showed excitement.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Everyone, great news from Tianda! The Yaotian family has sent people to help us!"

"how do I say this?"

All the bigwigs asked.

Ji Ning said excitedly: "This time, Yao Zhu and Yao Yun, the two supreme elders of the Yaotian family, led twenty heavenly disciples and wanted to kill Qin Feng in person. At this moment, they are on their way!"

Boom~!

All the big guys were shocked, and they all showed ecstasy!

"Haha! Great! This time, Qin Feng is dead!"

"Yeah! The two seniors, Yao Zhu and Yao Yun, are the seventh-level peak powerhouses!"

"With the two of them, Qin Feng will definitely die! Longyuan Town will also perish!"

"Jining, when will the Yao people arrive?"

Ji Ning smiled and said, "Senior Yaozhu said, let me wait and don't rush to send troops. They will be here in two hours. When the time comes, they will lead us to the headquarters of the Qi clan and destroy the dragon in one fell swoop. Yuan Town!"

Hearing this, everyone showed joy again.

"You can arrive in two hours! The efficiency of the Yaotian family is really fast!"

"Everyone, this time I can wait completely at ease!"

"Yes! This time, we can not only eliminate the hidden danger of Qin Feng, but also have a chance to break 0 points. It really kills two birds with one stone!"

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief, swept away the previous depression.

In their opinion, Qin Feng and Long Yuanzhen are doomed this time.

That Xiao Qi muttered: "Everyone, you said, will Qin Feng kill the Yaotian family before they arrive?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone laughed.

"Brother Xiaoqi, you are overthinking it! It will take at least seven or eight hours to get here from the headquarter of the Qi clan. How could they be in time before the Yaotian clan?"

All the bigwigs shook their heads one after another, and it was so outrageous that Xiao Qi could speak!

In this way, the big bosses began to discuss how to destroy Longyuan Town, and they were all full of confidence.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

At that time, a stalwart figure appeared more than ten miles away from the Yuan family headquarters.

Qin Feng finally arrived!

PS: Big guys, little writers begging for a monthly pass, I want to hit the monthly pass list, thank you!

Chapter three hundred and sixty-ninth slash to the sky! Blood washes the sky!

"That is the headquarters of the Yuan clan!"

Qin Fengyao looked ahead.

Vaguely, he saw that the camp was crowded with people, it seemed like a lot of people!

Consciously awakened the S talent - the awakening of the seven senses, his vision has become more than ten times stronger.

Immediately, he thought about it, released his consciousness instantly, and scanned the headquarters of the Yuan clan.

In the next second, there was ecstasy on his face!

So many guardians!

There are a hundred thousand!

This time, I made a lot of money!

With this in mind, Qin Feng fell into the jungle below and released the Long Yuan army.

After finishing these trivial matters, he rose into the sky and took the lead in killing the Yuan family headquarters.

At the same moment, over Yuan Clan Square, Ji Ning and others were chatting with ease.

"Everyone, the 100,000 army has been assembled. Right now, we are waiting for the powerhouses of the Yaotian family to come and help!"

"Yeah! Everything is ready, only the east wind is indebted!"

"When the Yao people arrive, it will be Qin Feng's death! Haha!"

As soon as these words fell, the big guys looked at each other and smiled, their eyes full of anticipation.

Only Ji Ning looked in the direction of the Qi clan, with hatred in his eyes.

By now, she had guessed it.

Her father Ji Lao, and the patriarch Yuan Kong were both poisoned by Qin Feng.

She can't wait for the Yao people to arrive earlier so that they can avenge her father and the patriarch!

When she thought of her father and the patriarch, she felt extremely sad!