Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng thief!

You are doomed this time!

what! That is…

Suddenly, her eyes narrowed.

She saw a figure a few miles away, flying towards them rapidly.

That man is terribly fast!

Suddenly she felt something was wrong!

"Everyone, look over there! Someone is coming!"

"Huh! Really!"

After being reminded by Jining, all the bosses looked at each other, and vaguely saw that a human with wings on his back was rushing towards them.

The person here is Qin Feng!

"This person 963 is so fast!"

"It must be a heavenly powerhouse!"

Qin Feng's speed aroused the vigilance of the audience.

Even the 100,000 troops below looked up and looked in the direction of Qin Feng.

"Looking at this person's speed, I'm afraid he is a powerhouse at the fourth level of heaven!"

"Could he be the envoy of the Yao clan?"

"No! Yao Clan is coming, that's from the direction of Yunzhou Island! This person is coming from the direction of the Headquarters of the Qi Clan!"

"Could this be Qin Feng?!"

This reminder, everyone's face changed slightly.

After a while, Qin Feng was approaching the camp.

The two sides were only six or seven miles apart.

Ji Ning and others finally saw Qin Feng's appearance.

After seeing this clearly, Ji Ning and others felt even worse.

Because Qin Feng has yellow skin and black hair, the appearance of a pure Longguo is different from that of the Yaotian family.

This guy is definitely not from the Yaotian family!

"This deity comes to explore his details!"

At this moment, the Golden Scale War Emperor came out of the crowd, and the golden yellow demon pupil lit up with a strange aura.

This is one of his inheritance skills!

"He's a challenger!"

The Golden Scale War Emperor exclaimed!

Everyone was shocked!

"Challenger?! That must be Qin Feng!"

"Damn Qin Feng! We haven't settled with him yet! He actually came to the door on his own initiative!"

At this time, the Golden Scale War Emperor said again in doubt: "It's strange! This talent is only at the realm of the earth!"

The big bosses were stunned for a moment, but their hearts were slightly relieved.

Ha ha!

It's just the realm!

No matter how fast the opponent is, its strength is limited.

However, all this is inevitable!

Immediately, Ye Han said coldly, "Everyone, it doesn't matter if it's Qin Feng or not! Let's kill him together first!"

"That's right! I can't wait! What if he is Qin Feng!"

"Okay! Let's kill him together first! Besides, he is a challenger!"

"Yes! Kill this kid! I'm waiting to break 0 points!"

"Haha! The old man almost forgot about this! So, this is a happy event!"

At this reminder, all the bigwigs showed their joy.

They join forces to kill a prefecture-level challenger, and each faction can get dozens of points!

In fact, the number of points is not important, breaking 0 points is the most important!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng reached the edge of the square.

As soon as he approached the square, Ye Han's roar sounded in front of him.

"Little thief! Who are you?!"

Qin Feng sneered and disdain to answer.

Ye Han yelled, "Do it! Kill him!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the whole audience shot!

The four heaven-level powerhouses, Jinlin Zhandi, Yehan, Ishihara, and Huini, attacked their strongest blows one after another.

Eleven top-level powerhouses, including Ji Ning and Xiao Qi, also delivered their strongest blows.

Immediately afterwards, more than 700 prefecture-level powerhouses also shot at Qin Feng.

This is not to mention, the 100,000 troops below also launched long-range attacks, bombarding Qin Feng frantically!

Suddenly, countless fireballs, wind blades, mad thunder, ice arrows, meteorites, dense and violent attacks, all engulfed Qin Feng.

That scene was terrifying!

At this moment, hundreds of thousands of attack beams lit up over the entire square!

Incredibly dazzling!

Bright and bright!

The momentum of the hundreds of thousands of attacks has become one, and the power is devastating!

It suddenly reached the full-strength strike of the sixth-level peak of the sky!

You must know that in these hundreds of thousands of attacks, there are four heaven-level powerhouses, eleven earth-level peaks, and more than 700 earth-level powerhouses.

The horror of that power!

Incredible!

In the blink of an eye, the hundreds of thousands of attacks surrounded Qin Feng, and he was about to be swallowed up...

Ye Han, Ji Ning and the others all showed excitement and excitement in their eyes!

In their opinion, this young man is dead!

Even if this young man is Qin Feng!

That would be so dead that not even scum was left!

This is a full-strength strike comparable to the sixth-level peak of the sky!

This young man must not be able to resist!

At the same moment, the 100,000 army below also showed gloating colors!

As long as this challenger dies, all their forces can break 0 points, and they don't have to fear the punishment of heaven.

In the blink of an eye, all attacks are approaching!

Everyone's eyes widened in excitement!

They want to see how Qin Feng was bombarded into scum!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

Boom~!

He punched directly and met hundreds of thousands of attacks.

That punch goes all the way!

Even the world trembled for it!

Ye Han and the others were also stunned.

No way?

This kid wants to block hundreds of thousands of attacks with one punch?

But without waiting for them to think about it, the two attacks collided together!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The sky lit up with a strong explosion of light, obscuring everything and making everything invisible!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

That also covered Qin Feng's figure!

Suddenly, with the explosion point as the center, every inch of space is broken, and all the laws are annihilated!

The aftermath of the explosion spreads!

The ground of the square is cracked!

Thousands of miles around!

The world is shaking!

A few miles away, Long Yuan's army was shocked!

Liu Xuan and others looked in the direction of the explosion in surprise!

They saw an explosion of white light in the sky, like the scorching sun, shining in all directions!

They know that it is the boss and the enemy at war!

In the next second, everyone in Long Yuan accelerated and rushed to the battlefield...

At the same time, above the square.

An army of 100,000 people looked up at the sky, waiting for the light of the explosion to dissipate.

Ye Han and the others also breathed a sigh of relief!

In the joint strike just now, everyone cooperated perfectly and smoothly!

Such an attack made even them fearful.

Presumably, that kid has been bombarded into scum!

Ye Han and the others looked forward confidently.

In just a moment, the dazzling explosion light faded.

A stalwart figure stood in the center of the explosion and appeared in front of everyone.

That is Qin Feng!

At this moment, his whole body was completely unscathed, and he stood in the air like that, his clothes fluttering like a god!

This time, the audience was dumbfounded!

But before they thought about it, Qin Feng had a long knife in his hand.

Swish~!

Shinra Sky Blade strikes!

The sword light soared into the sky!