Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As many as millions!

In the next instant, a thousand zhang knife light traverses the heavens and the earth, covering the entire field, tangentialing to many earth-level powerhouses!

That speed! Lightning fast!

That might! Destroy the world!

Desire to kill the heavens of life and death! Destroy the Six Paths of Reincarnation!

not good!

The local-level powerhouses were extremely frightened, but they didn't have time to dodge, so they sacrificed protective masks and spiritual shields.

Swish~!

In just a moment, the knife light swept across!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Where the sword light passed, all the protective masks and spiritual shields were cut in half like a piece of paper!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Blood splashed again and again!

The prefecture-level powerhouses were also cut in half!

With just one knife, Qin Feng split more than one hundred prefecture-level powerhouses into two halves.

The corpses of the earth-level powerhouses rolled down from the air.

Then one after another dazzling white light flew from the corpses and poured into Qin Feng's body frantically...

[Successful killing the guardian (earth level), you get +284 attribute points, +1.87 million energy points, +76 points...]

[Successfully kills the guardian (earth level), you get +311 attribute points, +2.03 million energy points, +81 points….]

[Successful killing the guardian (earth level), you get +342 attributes, +2.61 million energy points, +92 points...]

…

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy value, and points are all skyrocketing wildly!

The whole place was dead silent!

Omg!

Is this guy still human?

He killed hundreds of prefecture-level powerhouses with one knife!

Everyone looked at Qin Feng in horror!

It's like looking at a demon **** standing tall in the sky

"Escape! Escape!"

Boom~!

In the next second, there was a roar from the crowd!

Everyone woke up and fled in all directions!

This young man is so scary!

The combined attack of so many people couldn't hurt him in the slightest.

And he killed hundreds of prefecture-level powerhouses with a single knife.

Then what are they fighting?

This young man is not human!

He is the devil!

That is invincible!

If you don't run away now, when will you wait?

The crowd roared in shock!

This time, Qin Feng defeated the fighting will of the five tribes alliance army with one person's strength!

Among the crowd, the Heaven-level powerhouses such as the Golden Scale War Emperor, Ye Han, and Ishihara were the fastest to escape.

The eleven top-level powerhouses were not slow at all.

These people are also very cunning and run away in all directions!

They know that Qin Feng has only one person, and he should be incapable of being cloned and unable to kill everyone.

This is their last thought!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he launched a space call.

In the next second, the Mirage clone, the Ice Spirit clone, the fourth clone, and Qiyue were instantly summoned.

As soon as they show up, they kill the audience

Chapter 370 The slaughter is exhausted, and the strength skyrockets!

As soon as the phantom avatar appeared, it turned into an afterimage, chasing Ye Han!

The Ice Spirit clone chases Ishihara!

The fourth avatar chases Hui Ni!

These three are the powerhouses of the first level of heaven!

The thief should kill these leaders first!

At the same moment, Qi Yue killed Ji Ning and other local peak powerhouses.

The most powerful Golden Scale War Emperor rushed directly to the corner of the square.

There is a teleportation array there!

He wants to take the teleportation array to escape!

The Golden Scale Battle Emperor is a second-level powerhouse, and he is extremely fast.

In the blink of an eye, he rushed to the teleportation array.

But he just stepped on the big formation with one foot, and a piercing sword light - slashed down!

Qin Feng is here!

Swish~!

Knife light falls!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

That knife directly cut the Golden Scale War Emperor in half!

Even the teleportation formation was split in half!

There was a wailing all around!

That knife completely broke some people's thoughts of escaping through the teleportation array.

Boom~!

The corpse of the Golden Scale War Emperor collapsed suddenly, and immediately turned into its true form. It was actually a monster with a length of 100 meters, covered with golden scales, and looked like a carp.

In the next second, a white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Successfully kills the level 59 Golden Scale Dragon Fish (Emperor Level), you will get +18.17 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 59 Golden Scale Dragon Fish (Emperor Level), you get +20 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 59-level Golden Scale Dragon Fish (Emperor-level) successfully, three dark treasure chests exploded. 】

[Killing the 59-level Golden Scale Dragon Fish (Emperor-level) successfully, the blood of the real dragon (low-grade) burst out. 】…

what!

Good harvest!

Qin Feng was surprised.

This inadvertently beheaded a beast that transformed into a shape and brought him a lot of gains.

The hidden treasure chest is exactly what he needs!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Unexpectedly, he got three at once.

What surprised him even more was that he also got a group of low-grade real dragon blood.

At the moment, with a wave of his hand, he put away these items.

At this moment, not far away, there were several shrill screams in succession!

I saw the Mirage clone chasing Ye Han and cut him in half with one knife.

The Bing Ling clone caught up with Ishihara, and a sword struck his head.

The fourth avatar also caught up with Hui Ni, and a sword pierced through his heart.

The three heaven-level first-level powerhouses were all killed in one move.

Immediately afterwards, the three corpses flew a white light, and they flew in instantly, pouring into Qin Feng's body...

[Your clone successfully killed the Guardian (Tier 1), you get +1811 attributes, +29.34 million energy points, and +487 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tier 1), you get +1884 attributes, +30.74 million energy points, and +493 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tier 1), you get +1916 attributes, +31.15 million energy points, and +511 points. 】

Another rapid increase in energy value, attribute points, and points!

Qin Feng is in a good mood!

[Your clone successfully killed the Guardian (Tier 1), and a land deed card (Night Clan's Nest) was released]

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tier 1), and a land deed card (Stone Clan's Nest) was released]

[Your clone successfully killed the Guardian (Tier 1), and a land deed card (Hui Clan's Nest) was released]

The land deed card of the three clans is also in hand!

At this time, there was another shrill scream from the front!

It was Qiyue who killed Ji Ning!

At this point, the leaders of the five clan armies were almost killed.

The rout of everyone is also more intense and crazy!

The three clones and Qiyue continued to chase and kill those local powerhouses.

This time, we must not let them go!

Qin Feng also rose into the sky, pinched the seal, and displayed the doomsday natural disaster!

Suddenly, in a radius of 10,000 miles, the wind and clouds changed color, and the sky collapsed!

Countless ice arrows, wind blades, mad thunder, fireballs, and meteorites fell from the sky and shot towards the army of the five clans.

Another large piece of magma spewed out of the ground and was swallowed up by the army of the five clans!

Qin Feng's strength is much stronger than himself.

Now, he is in a state of psychic integration and is in the strongest state.

Therefore, the doomsday natural disaster he cast is much stronger than his body, almost several times.

In just a moment, under the natural disaster, tens of thousands of people were injured, and nearly 10,000 people fell on the spot.

"Escape! Escape!"