Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"God! Don't step on me! Don't step on me... Ah!"

"Save me! Save me! My legs are gone! My **** is gone!"

"Don't kill me! Don't kill me... ah!"

At this moment, there were corpses all over the field, screaming!

One after another, white light flew densely from below, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body...

Suddenly, Qin Feng's energy value and points skyrocketed wildly!

At the same moment, the three clones and Qiyue were chasing and killing those prefecture-level powerhouses, killing those people directly.

One body after another, rolled down from the air.

In just a moment, more than two hundred prefecture-level powerhouses were beheaded!

Those corpses flew more than two hundred lines of white light and poured into Qin Feng's body...

This doubled the speed of Qin Feng's energy value, attribute points, and points soaring.

After a while, Liu Xuan led an army of 15,000 to arrive, and immediately chased and killed the children of the five clans who had fled...

Suddenly, the sound of killing in the field is shocking!

The five clan army was destroyed faster!

The speed of energy and points obtained by Qin Feng has doubled.

Under the doomsday natural disaster, the 100,000 troops were all injured.

As long as Qin Feng was injured, even if he was killed by Liu Xuan and others later, Tiandao would distribute energy and points to Qin in a team manner.

As a result, Qin Feng's speed of acquiring energy and points naturally accelerated...

In this way, the Longyuan army carried out a crazy massacre against the Alliance of Five Races!

The five clan army is incomparably desperate!

They wanted to run away, but they couldn't!

With the strength of Qin Feng and the three clones, there is no possibility of slipping through the net.

Especially Qin Feng, he has the ability to teleport.

Once someone escaped, he teleported directly over and killed them in seconds.

In this way, the massacre lasted for half an hour before it ended!

On one side of the five clans, four Heaven-level powerhouses, more than 700 Earth-level powerhouses, and an army of 100,000 people were all slaughtered.

There were no casualties in Longyuan Town, and they won a great victory!

"It's finally over!"

Qin Feng looked down at the corpse below and breathed a sigh of relief.

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up on his body.

【Your level has been promoted to level 32! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Upgraded again!

Qin Feng is delighted!

Having said that, when you reach level 30 or above, the increase in various attribute points directly doubles.

Every time you level up, your attribute points will increase by 360 points, which is very impressive!

The upgrade is what Qin Feng is most looking forward to.

Now, he is very much looking forward to rising to level 40 as soon as possible, so as to obtain the qualification for promotion to heaven level.

After a while, the upgrade white light disappears.

Qin Feng was in a good mood.

But before he finished his advanced level, the second upgrade white light lit up again...

【Your level has been promoted to level 33! 】

0

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Qin Feng laughed!

This time, the energy value gained is too much, and it has been upgraded two levels in a row.

After the upgrade this time, he was about to open the panel to check the attribute points and points he had gained.

But at this moment, three upgraded white lights flashed on him in a row.

That's when Xiao Luan'er rose three levels in a row, directly from level 23 to level 26.

"Master! We're done! Yue'er has risen to level 22!"

At this time, Qiyue ran over to report excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "Very good! Yue'er, hurry up to organize 3,000 people, and there are other tasks. For the rest, let them quickly clean up the battlefield!"

"Oh!"

Qiyue hurriedly took the order and left.

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan is already cleaning up the battlefield.

Qin Feng's three avatars are also collecting the bodies of local powerhouses, starting to extract attributes, and put away their storage rings.

Of course, those four levels are the first collection targets!

And the townspeople of Longyuan are collecting the spoils of those human-level children!

This time, Long Yuan killed 100,000 people, and he would definitely reap the rewards.

After Qin Feng ordered the trivial matters, he opened the panel to check his harvest this time.

[Level]: Level 33

[Reputation]: 826 points (novice supreme)

[Talent]: Awakening of the Seven Consciousness (S-level), Law of Destruction (S-level), Law of Killing (S-level), Light and Dark Reincarnation (S-level), Bloodline Talent (S-level)…

[Combat Strength]: 29,500 stars

[Free attribute]: 77370 points

[Personal points]: 67,100 points

[Longyuan Town Points]: 86,700 pointsNe/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

good! good!

This time, he actually got more than 77,000 attributes.

Personal points also rose to 67,100 points, and Longyuan Town points reached 86,700 points.

This is not far from the goal of 100,000 points!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At the moment, when his mind moved, he released the psychic fusion.

As soon as Xiao Luan'er appeared, she took on the appearance of a little girl.

She looked around first, then looked at herself.

The next second, she shouted excitedly. "Dad! Dad! My combat power has broken through to 6500 stars!"

Qin Feng looked at her and smiled with relief.

The little guy is indeed a 6500-star combat power, plus the power of foundation building, he can reach 7000 stars.

Such strength has reached the fourth level of heaven!

"Little Luan'er, go and help them clean up the battlefield!"

"Um!"

The little guy nodded obediently, and happily went to clean the battlefield.

This sent Xiao Luan'er away, and Qin Feng also began to add points.

Xiao Luan'er's strength has improved, and he should also improve his strength.

What's more, what he needs most now is to improve his strength.

Qin Feng knew in his heart that he had slaughtered the army of five clans this time, and he would soon face the threat of the Yaotian clan.

With his current strength, he is not yet the opponent of Yaotian Clan.

Therefore, improving his strength is the best way for him to protect himself!

It didn't take long for more than 77,000 attribute points to be added.

Qin Feng glanced at the basic combat power, and suddenly it has reached 31,000 stars.

If you add his foundation building power, his comprehensive combat power can reach 37,000 stars.

Qin Feng was greatly satisfied and couldn't help but smile.

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something and looked up in a certain direction.

In that direction, a message came from the Moon Spirit clone.

Chapter 371 The second battlefield! Thousands of miles attack!

Qin Feng was greatly satisfied and couldn't help but smile.

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something and looked up in a certain direction.

In that direction, a message came from the Moon Spirit clone.

At the same moment, in the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, near the Jade Fragment Beach, a tall and straight figure appeared.

That is the Moon Spirit clone.

At this moment, Yueling's clone looked into the distance with a smile on the corner of her mouth.

The owl clan's nest is ten miles ahead.

It turned out that in order to speed up the efficiency of killing the five clans, Qin Feng divided his troops into two groups.

All the way to the Yuan clan, all the way to the owl clan's lair

Qin Feng has the title deed card of the Owl Clan's nest in his hand, so he naturally knows the location of the Owl Clan.

Right now, Yueling's clone was near the Owl Clan's nest, and quickly sent a message to the main body.

After doing this, his figure flashed, and he rushed towards the Xiaozu's nest...

At the same time, the Yuan clan was stationed.

After Qin Feng received the information of Yueling's clone, he quickly took out a land deed card, then broke his fingers and dripped blood on the land deed card.

Om~!

In the next second, that land Cheka's aura shines brightly!