Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 439:

The entire Yuan clan resident, slightly shaken!

For a moment, the land Cheka turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

【You are integrating the land deed card (Yuan resident)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the master of the Yuan clan's residence, and have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on getting a new site (medium grade) and get 2000 points. 】

[Contest reminder: Your personal points have increased to 69,100 points. 】

[Competition reminder: Longyuan Town points increased to 88,700 points! 】

good!

Points are up again!

Qin Feng was delighted.

This time, he found a problem, that is, after acquiring the land, not only the points of Longyuan Town, but also the personal points were increased.

Having said that, the personal points rankings have not come out yet!

The individual rankings will not appear until the first round of knockouts is over!

If there is a ranking, there will definitely be a reward!

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations again.

Just then, footsteps sounded not far away.

Qiyue rushed over with three thousand townspeople.

"Master, I have gathered the manpower you want!"

Qin Feng nodded: "Okay! Let's go to the next battlefield! This time you will lead the team!"

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Master, which family are you going to destroy this time?"Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Owl Clan!"

Qi Yue said happily: "Master, the five clan alliance army was completely killed by us. It is estimated that there are not many people left in the Owl clan's nest."

Qin Feng smiled and said, "There shouldn't be many more! However, the sooner this matter is dealt with, the better. Judging from the current situation, the Yuan clan is in collusion with the Yaotian clan."

"Last night, we killed the children of the Yaotian clan. It is estimated that the Yaotian clan will come over soon. We must clean up the Xiao clan before they arrive."

Qi Yue felt a sense of urgency in her heart.

"Master, then let's act quickly!"

"it is good!"

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he took Qiyue and the three thousand townspeople into the zero-degree space.

After dealing with this, he opened the mayor's operation interface and performed some operations.

After a while, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', and the address is located at the residence of the Yuan clan... Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

[Announcement from Longyuan Village: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar', the address is located at the residence of the Yuan clan... Mayor Qin Feng received 500 attribute rewards. ],

Boom~Long~Long!

With a shocking move!

A teleportation formation and a guardian altar rose from the corner of the square!

After a few moments, two public buildings are created!

Qin Feng has accumulated 700 attributes.

He also breathed a sigh of relief!

After building these two buildings, especially the guardian altar, he can leave with confidence.

With the guardian altar, even if a strong enemy comes, it can resist the first blow.

As long as he can block the first blow, he will rush back here in time before the second blow.

Thinking of this, he took another look at the Mirage clone and the Ice Spirit clone.

At this moment, the two clones are cleaning up the battlefield!

Qin Feng pondered, with these two avatars, even if the Yaotian clan attacked, it would be able to hold on for a while.

At least, it can last until he gets back!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng no longer hesitated, a space called in the reverse direction, and disappeared out of thin air...

At the same time, thousands of miles away, near Jade Beach.

The Moon Spirit clone is rushing towards the Owl Clan's nest.

At this moment, the space in front of him distorted.

Then, a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air, it was Qin Feng!

In just an instant, Qin Feng spanned tens of thousands of miles and merged with his clone.

This is one of the wonderful uses of space reverse summoning.

Qin Feng was overjoyed when he saw the clone.

Then, he looked up and looked forward, the Owl Clan's old nest was just a few miles away.

The next second, he dodged and rushed towards the Xiaozu's nest.

The Moon Spirit clone followed closely...

At the same time, the Owl Clan headquarters, in a courtyard.

Xiaojun looked in the direction of Xunyungang from afar, thinking about something in his heart.

For a long time, there have been rumors in the outside world that the ancestor Xunyun has been in seclusion for a long time in order to break through to the fourth level of heaven.