Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

be a challenger!

It's still the realm!

He hurriedly exclaimed: "They are challengers! Do it!"

What? !

The powerhouses are shocked!

Immediately, ecstasy appeared on their faces.

Ha ha!

Challenger!

Exactly what they want to hunt!

Unexpectedly, these two challengers came to the door on their own initiative.

Although these two challengers are at the prefecture level, they are only two of them.

On the other hand, there are more than 60 prefecture-level powerhouses on the Xiao Clan side.

Jun Lao is even a peak powerhouse at the prefecture level!

They can definitely crush these two!

With this thought, the local powerhouses are excited!

"Go!"

"Kill them!"

The powerhouses roared excitedly one by one!

Even below, the more than 10,000-level disciples were excited!

There were actually two prefecture-level challengers who took the initiative to send them to the door, and the luck of the Xiao Clan has arrived!

Killing these two people, the Xiaozu should be able to gain nearly a thousand points, which is a huge gain!

With one thousand points, you can step into the top five thousand in the power points ranking.

Within 5,000 people, you can get the fifth prize!

Having said that, the Owl Clan had previously destroyed Zhanxiong Village and had already gained thousands of points.

If you get another thousand points, you might be able to rush into the top thousand and win the fourth prize!

Thinking of this, everyone in the Xiao Clan 11 was even more excited.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

It was at this moment that Xiaojun and others had already taken action.

One after another, the attack rays of the earth-level powerhouses illuminated the entire square!

There is flame! There is thunder! There are ice arrows! There is sword spirit! There is knife gas!

Shockingly!

The momentum of many attacks was linked together, and they bombarded Qin Feng and Yueling clones.

That scene was terrifying!

The people of the Xiao Clan were extremely excited!

In their opinion, such a terrifying joint strike, even the powerhouses of the first level of heaven have to avoid it.

How could two prefecture-level challengers be able to stop them?

Soon, they saw the points of the Owl Clan skyrocket!

In the blink of an eye, the more than sixty attacks hit Qin Feng in front of him.

Everyone in the Xiao Clan showed their expectant eyes!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng took action.

I saw him wave his hand at will, and he turned into a big hand that covered the sky and the earth, facing those attacks...

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In just an instant, that palm collapsed all attacks, and continued to shoot towards Xiaojun and others...

Pa~! Pa~! Pa~!

That palm fell, like killing dozens of flies!

The local-level powerhouses were shot on the spot one by one, turning into a **** fog!

Even Xiaojun was no exception, and his body exploded on the spot!

Suddenly, the sky shook, and blood rained in the sky!

With only one palm, dozens of prefecture-level powerhouses were all killed, and none of them survived!

The scene was shocking!

Immediately, white lights flew out from the blood mist and rushed into Qin Feng's body frantically.

[Successfully killed the guardian (earth level), you get +194 attribute points, +2.47 million energy points, +87 points]

[Successfully kill the guardian (earth level), you get +171 attribute points, +2.03 million energy points, +74 points]

[Successfully kill the guardian (earth level), you get +202 attribute points, +2.61 million energy points, +92 points]

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points and points skyrocketed again!

He was so happy!

Below, more than ten thousand Xiao Clan disciples were completely stunned!

OMG!

With just one palm, they killed all their prefecture-level elders, as well as a supreme elder at the pinnacle of prefecture-level!

Is all this true?

They couldn't believe their eyes at all!

Boom~!

But before they could react, the Moon Spirit clone slammed into the sky with one palm!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

That Tongtian palm fell!

The earth cracks!

The plaza collapses!

Countless boulders fly across!

Thousands of people were so shocked that they vomited blood and flew upside down. Nearly a thousand people were shot to death on the spot and turned into meat sauce!

In that scene, blood flowed into rivers instantly, like Shura hell!

A terrifying roar resounded!

"Escape! Escape!"

"God! I don't want to die!"

In the field, mourning was everywhere, and the surviving children of the Xiao Clan fled everywhere!

At this moment, they no longer had the previous excitement, and there was only one last thought in their hearts.

That is - escape!

Escape desperately!

At this moment, Qin Feng waved his hand, and a large white light flashed in the field.

Qiyue and three thousand Longyuan disciples descended from the sky!

As soon as they appeared, they rushed towards the fleeing owl clan children, like chopping melons and vegetables, cutting down the owl clan children one by oneRe𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Less than three minutes!

More than 10,000 Xiao Clan children were beheaded to death!

Everyone in Longyuan cheered!

Immediately afterwards, everyone began to clear the battlefield and collect loot.

The Moon Spirit clone also began to clean up the bodies of the Earth-level powerhouses.

"It went well this time!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and slowly fell from the air, and began to clean up the bodies of the prefecture-level powerhouses.

Soon, the bodies of those prefecture-level powerhouses were disposed of.

Qin Feng's harvest was very good, and he even got a sixth-order weapon.

At this time, he opened the panel happily and checked the harvest.

[Free attribute]: 11370 points

[Personal points]: 71,500 points

[Longyuan Points]: 91,100 points

good! good!

Destroying the remnants of the Xiao Clan actually provided him with more than 10,000 attributes.

Even Longyuan Town has broken 90,000 points.

This is a big step closer to the goal of 100,000 points.

Then, he added points to himself.

In just a moment, more than 10,000 attribute points have been added!

His basic combat power has skyrocketed to 31,200 stars, and his strength has increased a lot!

"Owner!"

At this moment, Qi Yue walked over with a look of excitement.

She also held a blue spirit bead in her hand.

"Master, when I just collected the spoils, I got this Spirit Orb from an Owl Clan disciple, it seems to be a sixth-order treasure!"

Qi Yue handed over the blue spirit bead.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he quickly took the Lingzhu.

[Wood Spirit Orb: Sixth-order, heaven and earth wonders. A billion-year-old towering ancient tree was conceived and born. 】

[Effect 1: Refining this Spirit Orb can strengthen the power of the law of wood. 】

[Effect 2: This Spirit Orb can be fused with the clone. If the fusion is successful, the clone can get rid of the limitation of being unable to stay away from the main body. Even if it is hundreds of millions of miles away from the main body, the clone can remain unbroken. 】

[Reminder: Only by mastering the A-level wood-based law talent, can its clone be fused with this spiritual bead. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes were full of joy.

This is the treasure he needs!

Unexpectedly, such a precious sixth-order strange object appeared on a human-level disciple.

It seems that the human-level child of the Xiao Clan is also a person whose luck is against the sky.

It's a pity that that person's luck can't match Qin Feng's luck after all.

All this is cheap Qin Feng!

"Yue'er, you did a good job! This Spirit Orb is of great use to my clone!"

"Hee hee! Master, it would be great if I could help you! I will continue to collect the spoils!"

Qiyue is also very happy.