Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Liu Xuan exchanged the corpses of two level 5 beasts for your level 1 steel knife. 】

Just when Qin Feng was preparing to act, Tiandao sent a reminder.

what!

Here comes the benefits!

correct!

He came all the way, and Liu Yuan also traded with him once.

Liu Yuan exchanged 3 tier 1 spirit grasses for a tier 1 steel knife.

It's just that he has been hurrying and has no time to deal with it.

Right now, he feels that his strength is somewhat insufficient, and he urgently needs to improve his strength.

That is just the time to extract those spirit grasses and use them.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly entered the trading channel.

After a while, white light flashed in front of him, and there were three more spiritual grasses and two corpses of level 5 beasts.

After scanning with the Eye of True Sight, he was pleasantly surprised to find that the three spirit grasses were all non-toxic.

He quickly extracted the essence and swallowed it.

A sprig of spirit grass increased his energy by 2 points.

One plant increased his strength by 3 points.

One strain strengthened his meridians, and his physique increased by 2 points.

Then, the corpses of two level 5 beasts gave him 4 attributes.

The harvest is very good!

He also opened his own panel and checked his latest data.

[Level]: Level 7 (160/18000)

[Occupation]: Level 2 Judge (0/200)

[Reputation]: 16 (novice elite)

[Strength]: 198+7 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 203+15 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 205 (strengthen constitution, E level, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 214 (intensive mind, D grade; hearing superficial, E grade; vision superficial, E grade; smell enhancement, F grade)

[Elemental Talent]: Control of Earth (Class D), Control of Fire (Class D), Control of Darkness (Class D)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Hellfire (Tier 2), Beast Control (Tier 3)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 20 stars

[Free attribute]: 10

good! good!

The combat power has finally reached 20 stars!

After reading the data, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Then, he thought of something, and took out a cloth bag from the storage ring.

When I opened the bag, I saw a mass of sticky stuff inside.

That was the venom gland he had obtained from the Venomous Ten-ringed Snake when he was in the novice plain, and it had not been used up yet.

This time, he took it out and spread the venom evenly on the tip and blade.

After doing this, he squatted on his waist, and under the cover of weeds, he dived towards a giant elephant.

The giant elephant was not the closest to him, but the farthest from the herd.

Two hundred meters....one hundred meters...meters...

Qin Feng sneaked all the way and was extremely cautious.

Before he knew it, he touched the vicinity of the lonely giant elephant.

The two sides were no more than five meters away.

Qin Feng held his breath and moved forward with very light steps.

Five meters...four meters...three meters...

The giant elephant was bowing its head, curling the herbs in its trunk and chewing it beautifully.

Suddenly, it heard a movement, and it couldn't help but look sideways, and saw a human squatting and sneaking in front of it.

It's startling!

But before it could react, Qin Feng shot instantly.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

The knife light slid right down its throat!

puff~!

Blood splashes!

"Gu~! Gu~! Sigh~!"

A strange sound came out of the giant elephant's throat.

It wanted to roar mournfully, but found that its throat had been cut off and could not shout.

Blood flowed wildly from its throat, and its pupils began to dilate.

Then, it shook its body slightly, its limbs softened, and it fell to the ground...

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

A white light flew from the elephant corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body, and the warm feeling spread throughout his body...

In his mind, his own upgrade progress also emerged: Level 7 (8460/18000)…

not bad!

One has 610 energy points!

Qin Feng looked up and looked around again, the elephants were still grazing, and none of them were disturbed.

He breathed a sigh of relief.

It was a perfect sneak attack!

Immediately, he stepped forward to extract the elephant corpse...

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the E-level talent - physical enhancement! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Evolution failed... Your physique talent is still at E level. 】

Uh~!

Evolution failed!

Qin Feng regained his mood, then squatted on his waist and dived towards the second giant elephant that was left alone...

It didn't take long for him to dive beside the giant elephant.

Get out!

A flash of light!

puff~!

Blood splashes again!

The giant elephant lay on the ground silently.

Another perfect sneak attack!

He stepped forward again to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the E-level talent - physical enhancement! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Successful evolution... Your physique talent has evolved into a D-level talent - madness of physique. 】

Ha ha! !

It worked!

This time the evolution finally succeeded!

Qin Feng was surprised.

Since then, his talents in four-dimensional attributes have all reached the D rank, and he has no weaknesses.

His strength has increased invisibly.

After being excited, Qin Feng continued to attack the single giant elephant.

It didn't take long for him to kill the third giant elephant and extract 2 points of physical attributes.

So far, the giant elephant has been fully extracted by him, and there is no more extraction value.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Qin Feng secretly killed eight giant elephants that were left alone, and the level progress quickly reached level 7 (12730/18000)...𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At this moment, there are no single giant elephants in the field.

Most of them gather together to graze, or in groups of three or five.

Qin Feng's eyes flowed, and finally locked on the two giant elephants on the periphery.

The two giant elephants seemed to be a pair, sticking together all the time.

If one kills one, the other will be disturbed, and the entire elephant herd may be disturbed by then, but Qin Feng has no choice.

He took a deep breath, then the cat lowered his waist, and under the cover of the grass, dived towards the two giant elephants

Chapter 48 Continuous beheading, alarming the elephant group!

Fifty meters.... Thirty meters... Twenty meters...

Qin Feng is getting closer and closer to the two giant elephants.

He cuddled cautiously, holding his breath, his movements getting softer and softer.

Ten meters...seven meters...four meters...

In a blink of an eye, he was close to the sides of the two giant elephants, and his heart became nervous.

At this time, the giant elephant on the left rolled up a ball of vanilla and sent it into the mouth of the giant elephant on the right, with a friendly look.

The giant elephant on the right couldn't help but closed his eyes, chewed the vanilla, and enjoyed the sweetness.

When Qin Feng saw it, he secretly thought that the time had come, and immediately shot.

Swish~!

I saw his knife flash, fast as lightning, and cut through the throat of the giant elephant on the left...

puff~!

Blood splashes!