Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 441:

She finally made a contribution this time, and finally found a treasure that could help her master, which made her very happy.

Abandoning this sentence, the little girl continued to collect the spoils.

Qin Feng also summoned the fourth avatar to fuse the Wood Spirit Orb.

In just a moment, the fusion of the clones was completed.

At this point, the fourth avatar has also gotten rid of the distance limitation, and Qin Feng has another capable assistant.

It puts him in a good mood!

Afterwards, he named the fourth clone the Wood Spirit clone.

After doing this, Qin Feng took out another land deed card, broke his fingers and dripped blood on the land deed card...

In just a moment, the Ticheka turned into a golden light and poured into his body...

The entire owl clan station also trembled...

[You are integrating the land deed card (Owl tribe residence)...]

ã€Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the owner of the Owl Clan's residence, and have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. ã€‘

[Congratulations on getting a new site (medium grade) and get 2000 points. ã€‘

[Reminder of the competition: Your personal points will increase to 73,500 points. ã€‘

[Competition reminder: Longyuan Town points increased to 93,100 points! ã€‘

very good!

The points of Long 850 Yuanzhen reached 93,100 points!

It is only 6,900 points away from 100,000 points.

Qin Feng smiled.

As long as he clears up the remnants of the Huo Clan, Stone Clan, and Ye Clan, and then takes their territory, breaking 100,000 points will not be a problem.

Of course, breaking 100,000 points only means that there is a chance to overtake the Xinggu clan and win the third place.

It doesn't mean that you will be able to win the third place.

After all, the Xinggu clan are the top three mysterious forces. Who can guarantee that they will have a big explosion of points in this first round of competition?

Just like Longyuan Town, it was only after the points rankings were announced for the first time that the points exploded.

Therefore, Longyuan Town can secure the first-class rewards, and the more points, the better.

Only breaking 100,000 points is not enough to guarantee!

With this thought in mind, Qin Feng opened the mayor's operation interface and prepared to build a 'guardian altar'.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Congratulations on destroying the minions of the ancestor of Xunyun - the Xiaozu. You have activated the B-level mission - Purify Xunyungang. ã€‘

[Task content 1: Destroy the other minions of the ancestor of Xunyun - the Hui people]

[Task content 2: Exterminate the beast forces under the command of the ancestor Xunyun]

[Task content three: Kill the ancestor of Xunyun]

[Reminder: After the task is completed, there will be extremely rich rewards. ã€‘

[Reminder: During the points competition, you can get points rewards for completing any task. B-level tasks can be rewarded with 30,000 points. ã€‘

Seeing the end, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He had originally planned to kill the ancestor Xunyun.

That old monster had mid-grade true dragon blood essence on his body, which was exactly what he needed.

It's just that the old monster is a vicious beast, and there are no points for killing it, so he plans to wait until the first round of the points competition is over before taking the time to kill the old monster.

Unexpectedly, Tiandao has released such a task, which is really good!

In this way, when he kills the old monster, he can not only get the blood essence he wants, but also get the points he needs most.ÃšpTodated ğ’ovğ’†ls on ğ’o(v)ğ’†l()bin(.)cğ’m

This is exactly what kills two birds with one stone!

Even better, this quest has 30,000 points, which is pretty impressive!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled