Chapter 442:

He originally thought it was a rumor.

It was not until yesterday, when he went to Xunyun Patriarch for help, that he knew that the rumor was true.

Moreover, the ancestor of Xunyun successfully broke through the fourth level of heaven just the day before yesterday.

Because the cultivation base has just broken through, the ancestor Xunyun needs to stabilize his realm and cannot go out to fight for the time being.

Therefore, for his help, Ancestor Xunyun couldn't go there in person, so he had to send the Golden Scale War Emperor to help!

In a word, this big breakthrough of Xunyun Patriarch is a good thing for the Xiao Clan and the Hui Clan!

After all, Ancestor Xunyun is the big backer of the two clans.

Having said that, the ancestor of Xunyun is a sea monster, and he is the strongest in the sea.

Now, it has broken through to the fourth level of the sky, plus hundreds of thousands of fierce beasts in the sea, I am afraid that the sixth-level powerhouse of the sky will not be able to help it.

It is certain that the number one powerhouse in the future No. 1 area will be the ancestor of Xunyun.

It has already compared the Beast God and Yuan Kong!

By the way, there is another Qin Feng!

That new Qin Feng is also very strong!

I don't know, who is stronger than Ancestor Xunyun?

Perhaps the two of them are of equal strength on land.

But if it is above the sea, it will definitely be the ancestor Xunyun crushing Qin Feng.

Xiaojun was thinking wildly in his heart!

It turned out that in addition to the patriarch Xiaoyun, who was a heaven-level powerhouse, there were also three top-level powerhouses in the Xiao clan.

The three are Xiao Qi, Xiao Lin, and Xiao Jun.

Xiao Qi and Xiao Lin have gone to the Yuan Clan headquarters and have been beheaded.

Today, only Xiaojun is left behind in the Xiao Clan.

The number of people left behind in their clan is less than 10,000.

This is also the only remaining population of the Owl Clan.

At this moment, there was a sound of footsteps behind Xiaojun.

He couldn't help but turn his head and saw a young disciple hurried over.

"Elder Jun, my subordinates just contacted Lao Lao and Lin Lao, but found that they couldn't get in touch."

The young man looked a little anxious.

Xiaojun looked indifferent: "Xiaoyong! What are you worried about? Are you worried about your grandfather's safety? I want the old man to see, you don't have to worry at all!"

It turned out that this young man was Xiao Qi's grandson.

Xiao Yong hurriedly said: "Elder Jun, I'm afraid things are not that simple!"

Xiaojun stroked his beard and smiled: "If it is more complicated, how can it be complicated? This time, we are an alliance of five clans, with an army of 100,000. Ancestor Xunyun also sent the Golden Scale War Emperor to help."

"With such strength, they will definitely be able to destroy Longyuan Town. Besides, count the time, they haven't started yet! What are you in a hurry? You can't contact your grandfather and Lin Lao, maybe they are busy and don't have time to reply to you. That's it."ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Xiaoyong shook his head: "Elder Jun, it's not that simple. I just tried the teleportation array and found that I couldn't connect to the Yuan family headquarters. I don't know if the authority was closed there, or the teleportation array was destroyed, or something happened. ."

Hearing this, Xiaojun's expression changed slightly. 2.2

Can't connect to the teleportation array? !

There must be something wrong!

According to the previous agreement, after the alliance of the five races, the teleportation array will communicate with each other and cannot be cut off at will!

Is it...

Just when Xiaojun was in shock, there were two rapid sounds of breaking through the air in the distance.

Xiaojun raised his head quickly, and saw two more young people flying towards their camp outside the camp.

"Hey! Someone is coming!"

"Elder Jun! They are so fast!"

"Hurry up and tell everyone to gather! The person here may be a strong enemy!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xiaojun rose into the sky and greeted the person who came.

Xiao Yong hurriedly called out.

In an instant, the entire camp was shocked.

The people of the Owl Clan immediately walked out from all corners and gathered on the square.

In the blink of an eye, more than 10,000 people from the Owl Clan gathered in the square.

At the same moment, Xiaojun had already flown to a height of 10,000 meters.

Seeing this, the local powerhouses also flew into the sky and came behind Xiaojun.

It was at this moment that the person approached.

It is Qin Feng and Yueling clones