Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 443:

Mirage clone and Xiao Luan'er guard.

"Dad, Liu Xuan and the others have passed. When are you going to kill the ancestor Xunyun?"

Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded behind the phantom avatar.

The little guy has been thinking about that B-level mission.

The phantom avatar smiled and said: "I have to wait for my body as soon as possible to refine the blood of the low-quality dragon."

"Oh! Dad, when the time comes, Dad, look over there!"

Suddenly, Xiao Luan'er exclaimed.

The phantom avatar hurriedly followed the sound, and saw more than ten miles away, more than two dozen figures were flying rapidly.

The speed of those people is extremely fast, and all of them have reached the level of heaven.

The phantom avatar was surprised, and the consciousness instantly scanned away into the distance.

In the next second, the appearance of those people appeared in his mind, and their appearance was somewhat similar to the Yao Kun he killed last night.

Obviously, the Yaotian family has arrived!

"Everyone pay attention! The Yaotian family has arrived!"

A reminder of the mirage clone sounded above the sky.

Boom~!

Everyone in Longyuan was shocked!

"The Yaotian family is here!"

"Yeah! They're finally here!"

"You said, what kind of experts will they send this time?"

"I do not know!"

At this moment, on the square, everyone in Long Yuan gathered one after another, all of them on guard, all nervous and apprehensive.

Mysterious force!

There are only ten in a division!

They are much stronger than the guardian forces!

Everyone was a little nervous.

This is also the first time that Longyuan Town has faced a mysterious force.

Not to mention the disciples of Long Yuan, even Xiao Luan'er was a little nervous.

Only the Mirage clone has a calm face!

In a blink of an eye, those figures approached.

Everyone in Long Yuan finally saw that there were twenty-two figures flying in the air.

The crowd felt bad.

"My God! Twenty-two heavenly powerhouses are coming!"

"Fuck~! This Yaotian clan is too terrifying! For those guardian forces, it would be good to have a heaven-level powerhouse. How can this Yaotian clan come to a group of people casually, that is, twenty-two heaven-level powerhouses. what!"

"Yeah! It is said that the Yaotian clan is the weakest among the ten mysterious forces, so is this the weakest?"

"It seems that we all underestimate the power of the mysterious forces!"

"Everyone, stop talking about this! Those guys are coming, when will the boss come back? He only has one clone guarding here now, can he hold it?"

"Don't worry! The clone and the boss are of the same mind! The boss knows what happened here."

After a while, Yao Zhu and the others finally rushed to the sky above the station.

When they arrived at the scene, they were a little stunned.

I saw that the audience was full of yellow-skinned, black-haired, and black-eyed ethnic groups, and they were not the children of the Yuan clan in their memory at all!

"Old Curse, is this?"

The Yao people all looked at Yao Mantra.

Yao Zhu is the person in charge of this area, and he is most familiar with the situation here.

Yao Zhu frowned.

The situation here is completely beyond his expectations!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At the moment, without saying a word, he activated the pupil technique and swept towards the people in Longyuan.

After this detection, he was amazed: "These are challengers!"

"what?!"

Yao Yun and others exclaimed in surprise.

Challenger? !

There is no doubt that these people are from Longyuan Town!

Because of the challenging forces in District 1, only Longyuan Town was left.

If not them, who would it be?

It's just that the forces in Longyuan Town are not in the headquarters of the Qi clan?

Why did they arrive so soon?

correct!

What about the Five Nations Alliance?

Why is there not a single figure?

The more the Yao people thought about it, the more shocked they became!

When they saw that there were bloodstains all around the square, and there was a thick smell of blood in the air, they gradually realized something.

At that moment, Yao Zhu and the others couldn't help but take a deep breath.

This Longyuan Town is really beyond their expectations!

However, there were only about 2,000 of them left.

It seems that they have also suffered heavy casualties before!

Thinking of this, Yao Zhu slowly raised his head, and his eyes fell on the Mirage clone.