Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Luan'er instantly turned into a golden flame bird, and when the phoenix wings spread, they greeted Yao Yu's palm!

How dare this guy attack her dad's clone!

She doesn't care who the other party is, she's going to fight!

Boo~!

At that moment, Fengming Heaven and Earth!

Xiao Luan's monstrous weather also unfolded instantly.

what!

The pet of the four-level strength of the sky!

When the Yao people saw this scene, they were shocked at first, and then they were suddenly surprised.

They finally understood why Qin Feng was able to become so powerful in a short period of time and was able to get a tenth place.

It turns out that Qin Feng relies on this pet!

This pet has the combat power of the fourth level of heaven, so it is not surprising that it has the strength to kill Yuankong and others.

In this way, Qin Feng is just like that!

After figuring out these keys, Yao Zhu and the others breathed a sigh of relief, and looked at the phantom avatar with even more contempt.

At this moment, they have already determined that the phantom avatar is Qin Feng!

At the same moment, Yao Yu thought the same way.

This Qin Feng is no better!

The most powerful is his pet!

However, since he has already taken action, let's die together with the human pets 1

Boom~!

Yao Yu slapped it fiercely with a palm, covering the Mirage clone and Xiao Luan'er.

His expression is extremely hideous!

This is his all-out slap!

He is going to kill this person to scum!

He cut off the myth of Qin Feng!

The first genius in this area!

He is the only one!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where the palm passed, the space shattered every inch, and time was also distorted!

In the blink of an eye, that palm will collide with Xiao Luan'er's chicken paw first!

That is, at this moment, the Mirage clone shot.

Ow~!

A shocking dragon roar!

resounding through the world!

Shocking Dragon Blade Appears!

In the next breath, the Jinglong Blade lit up with golden light reaching the sky!

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky, to meet that palm!

At that moment, the aura of the phantom avatar broke out completely, suddenly reaching 22,000 stars!

If you add the shocking dragon blade, its imposing manner is extremely terrifying!

What is even more frightening is that the knife also exudes the power of the law of destroying the heavens and the law of killing!

Those are all extremely terrifying S-level talents!

Yao Yu suddenly felt bad!

But it's too late!

The blade of the Mirage clone and Xiao Luan'er's claw instantly met Yao Yu's palm!

Attacks from both sides collide!

Boom~!

A loud bang!

A hundred miles in the sky, everything is broken!

Heaven and earth are in harmony, trembling violently!

With that one blow, Yao Yu's attack was instantly destroyed!

And the knife of the Mirage clone is still castrated!

Swish~!

Knife light across the sky!

Light up the heavens!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Concealed blood!

Yao Yu's eyes widened in horror, and there was an unbelievable look in the depths of his eyes.

The next second, a slender red line slowly appeared between his eyebrows.

Gradually, the red line became longer and thicker, and slowly oozing blood.

Afterwards, Yao Yu opened his mouth in horror and unwillingly, and the whole person slowly cracked with the red line as the center, turning into two halves.

This time, the audience was shocked!

Everyone's eyes widened in astonishment!

OMG!

The phantom avatar split Yao Yu into two halves with one knife!

At this moment, the audience became dead silent!

It's just that no one knows, at the same moment, the night clan stationed in the sky.

The Ice Spirit clone is looking in the direction of the Mirage clone!

He sensed everything that happened before!

Below him, a thousand disciples of Long Yuan had just finished clearing the battlefield.

It turned out that the remnants of the night clan had been wiped out.

At the same moment, the stone tribe stationed in the sky.

The wood spirit clone is also looking in the direction of the mirage...

The disciples of Long Yuan are cleaning up the battlefield and collecting loot!

On the other side, the Hui people stationed in the sky.

The Moon Spirit clone is also looking at the direction of the Mirage clone.

Under him, the battle had just ended, and the disciples of Long Yuan were planning to clear the battlefield.

At this moment, the remnants of the three clans were all wiped out!

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng is opening the personal panel.

Not long ago, he finished refining the low-grade true dragon blood essence.

So, he wanted to open the panel and check his progress.

Suddenly, he raised his head and looked in the direction of the Mirage clone.

0

He sensed that the Mirage clone killed Yao Yu!

At this moment, an extremely dazzling white light flew from the void and poured into his body.

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden Person (Sixth Heavenly Level), you get +6422 attributes, +83.27 million energy points, and +1400 points. 】

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Killing this Heavenly Grade Sixth Layer Hidden Person is really rewarding!

The light attribute points are rewarded with 6422 points!

The accumulated harvest this time is very huge.

After all, the three avatars have just destroyed the remnants of the three clans, and they have gained a lot of attribute points and points.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked it quickly.

[Combat Strength]: 31,500 stars

[Free attribute]: 37150 pointsÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

[Personal points]: 81,600 points

[Longyuan Points]: 105,400 points

This harvest is really huge!

The remnants of the three clans were wiped out, and the points easily broke 100,000 points.

The free attribute points have reached more than 37,000 points.

After reading this, Qin Feng hurriedly started adding points.

The Yaotian family has already come to the door!

He has to quickly add some points. After improving his strength, he will help the phantom clone.

At the same time, the Yuan clan stationed in the sky.

Yao Yu's body turned into two halves and rolled down from the air.

Bang~! Bang~!

Two muffled beeps!

The corpse fell, and the square trembled!

The next second, everyone in the Yao clan calmed down.

"Damn!"

Yao curse roars!

Yao Yun's eyes were also blood red!

That Yao Yu was the first genius of the Yaotian clan, the grandson of Taishang Yaotianxun!

Now they were killed in front of them!

They are to blame!

"Kill them!"

"Go!"

Yao Curse and Yao Yun flashed, and they rushed towards the Mirage clone and Xiao Luan'er respectively.