Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the two peak powerhouses of the seventh level of the heavens made their move!

They want to avenge Yao Yu!

The three hundred and seventieth chapter blows a punch! Megatron all over the place!

Boom~!

In just a split second, Yao Curse slayed the Mirage clone and slapped it down with a mad palm.

Ka~cha~!

That palm smashed the void!

Wherever the palm wind goes, all time and space will be ashes!

The momentum is devastating!

Suddenly reached the peak of the seventh level!

OMG!

The seventh-level peak of the sky!

Everyone in Longyuan exclaimed in surprise!

The Heaven-level Seventh Layer combat power range is from 2.5 stars to 40,000 stars.

The seventh peak is about 40,000 stars!

In the blink of an eye, the palm reached the top of the Mirage clone.

The phantom avatar also felt that it was not good, and went all out to meet it.

Swish~!

The sword light soared into the sky!

22,000-star combat power!

Plus the increase of the Dragon Blade!

As well as the Law of Killing and the Law of Destruction, the addition of the power of the two S-level laws!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The attack power of that knife suddenly reached about 30,000 stars!

The power is terrifying!

It is precisely because of its power that the Mirage clone and Xiao Luan'er joined forces to kill Yao Yu with one blow.

Bang~!

The two sides attacked and collided!

The void is shattered!

Yao Mana defeated the attack of the phantom avatar with one palm, and the castration remained unabated, and continued to blast towards the phantom avatar.

It all came very fast!

The Mirage clone has no chance of dodging.

In the blink of an eye, Yu Wei with such a palm is approaching, and it is about to explode the phantom avatar!

Om~!

At this moment of extreme crisis, the entire body of the phantom avatar suddenly lit up with golden light, and behind it, the phantom of the divine beast 'Zhu Yan' appeared, penetrating the sky and the ground.

Eighth-order skills!

Heavenly hegemony!

launch!

Bang~!

That palm was firmly slapped on the chest of the Mirage clone!

The phantom avatar snorted and was blasted out, rolling thousands of feet all the way.

But in the next second, he stabilized his body and was unscathed!

"Damn!"

Yao cursed in shock and anger!

Eighth-order defense skills!

This kid has eighth-order skills!

At this moment, a monstrous fire of jealousy surged in Yaozhu's heart.

You must know that the eighth-order skills are extremely rare. Even if the Yaotian clan is such a powerful force, there are only two people who have mastered the eighth-order skills.

One is the patriarch! One is the Chief Taishang Yaotianxun!

Supreme elders like him have no chance to master an eighth-order skill,

The kid in front of him is only at the ground level, but he can master an eighth-order skill. How can this not make him jealous?

He didn't know that the eighth-order skills Qin Feng mastered were not one, but three.

In fact, to learn eighth-level skills, you generally need to master some kind of S-level talent first, or have S-level bloodline ability.

Because of this, the eighth-order skills cannot be mastered by everyone, which is extremely rare.

Although Yaozhu's strength is extremely strong, but he has not mastered the S-level talent, nor the S-level bloodline ability, it is naturally impossible to master the eighth-level skills.

Thinking of this, Yao cursed into the sky with jealousy!

Boom~!

At this moment, a shocking explosion sounded not far away, and thousands of miles of void shook!

Yao Zhu turned his head to look, and saw Yao Yun slapped Xiao Luan'er with a palm, but the shot was empty, only the space in front was shattered.

The next second, a white light flashed behind him, and Xiao Luan'er appeared out of thin air.

Boo~!

A shocking phoenix cry!

Xiao Luan'er was about to spew out the golden flames that burn the sky and burn the guy in front of him to death.

"Oh! Space teleportation!"

Yao Yun sneered and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next instant, he appeared strangely behind Xiao Luan'er and slammed his palm towards Xiao Luan'er.

Xiao Luan'er is horrified!

This Yaoyun actually masters the space talent!

This time, it was too late for Xiao Luan'er to teleport to escape.

Because every teleport cast, there will be a one-second cooldown.

Boom~!

Right at this moment, Yao Yun slapped the sky and slammed it down!

The imposing manner of the seventh-level peak of the sky burst out!

Such a terrifying aura!

How could Xiao Luan'er of the fourth level of heaven be able to resist!

Bang~!

A shocking explosion!

Blood splashes!

That palm fell, and Xiao Luan'er exploded in an instant!

Thousand feet of phoenix body!

Turned into a **** fog!

Suddenly, everyone in Long Yuan wailed.

Those Yao clan disciples were all excited!

Great!

This time, the two great elders made a move and finally killed one of the other's pets.

At the same moment, Yao Yun's eyes also showed joy and a trace of disdain.

Humph~!

A pet with four-level strength, still want to live in his hands?

What if you have mastered the space ability?

That's gotta die!

But he just had this idea, and the field changed suddenly!

Boom~!

The blood mist that filled the sky suddenly burst into a monstrous golden flame!

The next second, in the golden flame, a divine bird was born.

Little Luan is back!

The momentum has not diminished at all!

This is her inheritance skill - Nirvana Rebirth, the power is comparable to the eighth-order skill.

"Damn!"

Yao Yun was shocked and was about to shoot again.

Swish~!

Xiao Luan'er disappeared out of thin air with a teleportation.

The next second, she appeared thousands of feet away and came to the side of the phantom avatar.

Yao Yun was stunned!

The Yao people were also dumbfounded!

After doing it for a long time, the two of them are the strongest, and they didn't hurt each other in the slightest!

In this first face-to-face, they didn't build an inch of power!

People are angry!

Incomparable anger!

Below, everyone in Long Yuan cheered.

They are cheering for Xiao Luan'er's resurrection.

At the same time, they were also extremely shocked that the Mirage clone could block the blow of Yao Mantra.

This is just a clone of the boss!

If the main body of the boss comes in person, the old guy will be out of luck.

Thinking of this, everyone in Long Yuan was even more excited, and the cheers became louder!

But those cheers sounded even more harsh in the ears of the Yao people.

"These noisy things!"

Yao Zhu gave Long Yuan a cold look.

Then, he looked at Yao Yun again: "Elder Yun, don't keep your hands! This time, do your best!"

"As it should be!"

Yao Yun was also suffocated!