Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

He actually failed to kill a battle pet with four-level strength, which was a bit of a loss of face.

The next second, as soon as he beckoned, there was a golden glove on his hand, covered with several long spikes.

It was a peculiar seventh-order weapon called the Soul Breaker.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

This weapon comes with a soul attack attribute, which can penetrate the body and hit the soul directly.

Xiao Luan'er's nirvana rebirth relies on a powerful soul body

If the soul body collapses, Xiao Luan's nirvana rebirth will be invalid!

Yao Yun was confident that as long as he used the Soul Breaker, he would be able to kill Xiao Luan'er in seconds.

At the same moment, Yao curse also beckoned.

Om~!

A sound of swordsmanship!

In front of him, a long sword appeared out of thin air.

The sword had a black handle and a white blade, with a long red line in the middle, and its imposing manner was extremely terrifying.

As soon as the long sword appeared, the laws of heaven and earth shook slightly.

That is the seventh-order long sword - the Heavenly Curse Sword!

This time, Yao Mantra and Yao Yun were going to exert their full strength.

Not far away, the Mirage clone saw this scene, and his eyes lit up.

Seventh-order weapons!

At present, only the main body has a seventh-order weapon, that is, the Shinra Heavenly Blade!

The four clones use Tier 6 weapons!

And when these two guys shot, they were two seventh-order weapons.

If these two people are killed, the two seventh-order weapons will belong to the body.

Thinking of this, Mirage's mind was fiery.

At this moment, the shout of Yao Mantra sounded in the field!

"Go! Kill them all!"

As soon as the voice fell, Yao curse rushed towards the phantom avatar!

Yao Yun rushed towards Xiao Luan'er!

Yao Zhong and other nineteen disciples of the Yao clan rushed towards the Longyuan Congregation below.

not good!

The expressions of everyone in Long Yuan changed greatly.

With their strength, how could they resist the attack of a nineteenth-day-level powerhouse!

This time, they are dead!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the blink of an eye, Yao Curse killed the Mirage clone.

Yao Yun also killed Xiao Luan'er.

Yao Zhong and other 19 people also swooped down and killed them directly at Longyuan.

The crowd exclaimed!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this critical moment, the white light in the field connected.

Qin Feng and the three clones appeared out of thin air.

I saw the Bing Ling avatar and the Wood Spirit avatar join forces, slamming into Yao Zhong and other nineteen heavenly powerhouses.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A series of explosions!

Yao Zhong's nineteen people were all blasted out!

Of these nineteen people, ten were at the first level, six were at the second level, and three were at the third level.

With their strength of 4.1, they are naturally not the opponents of the two clones.

On the other side, the Moon Spirit clone suddenly appeared next to the Mirage clone.

In the next second, the two avatars joined forces, one knife and one shot, to meet Yao curse's sword.

A loud bang!

Both sides flew out at the same time!

It was a tie!

At the same moment, Yao Yun killed Xiao Luan'er and stabbed Xiao Luan'er.

Suddenly, the world shook, and the souls of all things trembled.

The attack has not yet arrived, the power is full!

Before the soul thorn arrived, Xiao Luan'er sensed that the soul body was affected, and the power of the soul breaking thorn was extremely terrifying.

The little guy suddenly looked terrified!

But at this moment, a white light flashed in front of her, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air.

Qin Feng arrived in time!

How dare this guy bombard his daughter!

court death!

"roll!"

A roar!

Qin Feng met the opponent's attack with a punch!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Yao Yun groaned and vomited blood and flew out!

The audience was dumbfounded!

Chapter 377 Massacre the audience! The harvest is overwhelming!

This time, everyone looked at Qin Feng.

When the Long Yuan people saw that Qin Feng had arrived, they immediately gave out earth-shattering cheers.

"dad!"

Little Luan'er is full of surprises!

The Yao people were extremely shocked!

They looked at Qin Feng for a while, and then looked at the four avatars, and they were a little dumbfounded.

These five people look exactly the same!

Suddenly, a flash of light flashed in their minds, and they seemed to think of something, and looked at Qin Feng in astonishment.

Obviously, the most powerful person is Qin Feng!

Those four identical people are just clones of this guy.

Boom~!

Thinking of this, Yao Zhu and the others were shocked, and their eyes were filled with unbelievable colors!

how so?!

This kid is clearly at the realm of the earth!

Why is he so strong?

Even Yao Yun vomited blood by his punch!

Na Yaoyun's strength is a bit weaker than Yao Zhu's, but he has also reached 36,000 stars, which belongs to the seventh-level peak level of heaven.

Ke Yaozhu and others don't know that Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 22,200 stars, plus the power of foundation building, that is 38,200 stars.

In addition, he also has a variety of talents, there are only four kinds of S-level talents, and the outbreak of the combat power is extremely terrifying, which is close to 48,000 stars.

That is already the category of the early eighth level of heaven!

Therefore, even if Yao Yun used the weapon, the power of his punch could not be caught.

Of course, this is not Qin Feng's strongest state!

He hasn't used a weapon, nor a psychic fit!

At this moment, Yao Yun finally stabilized his figure.

He looked up in horror and looked at Qin Feng in disbelief.

"Are you Qin Feng?"

Yao Yun slowly wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, his eyes became extremely cautious.

He has no wood talent.

This injury leaves hidden dangers.

Qin Feng looked at Yao Yun lightly, disdain to answer.

Besides, his clone has already killed Yao Yu, Yao Kun and others.

The two sides are on the same page, and it is useless to talk nonsense.

What's more, his next task for the god-level village is to destroy the Yaotian family.

"Dad, these guys are so annoying!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er muttered.

She hated the Yao clan and others thoroughly.

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Don't worry! None of them can leave!"

As soon as these words fell, the Yao people were furious!

"Don't be ashamed!"

"Insanity!"

Yaocu laughed even more angrily: "Boy, don't think that if you defeat Yao Yun once, you can leave me behind. Not to mention you, even an eighth-level powerhouse can't do it!"

"Old Curse, don't talk nonsense with him! Let's join forces to destroy his body first!"

"it is good!"

Boom~! Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Yao Zhu and Yao Yun rushed towards Qin Feng at the same time.

They already know that this one is the ontology.

As long as the main body is killed, the four clones will automatically collapse.

"Let's do it too!"

In the crowd, Yao Zhong also shouted.

The disciples of the Yao clan suddenly woke up and rushed to Qin Feng.

At that moment, the two Heaven-level seventh-level peak powerhouses, plus nineteen Heaven-level powerhouses, rushed towards Qin Feng.

In their opinion, as long as they join forces to kill Qin Feng, everything will be solved.