Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng sneered: "Luan'er, psychic!"

As soon as the voice fell, he pinched the psychic seal with his hand!

Boo~!

Xiao Luan'er let out a phoenix call!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

It turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, Qin Feng covered his entire body with the Phoenix Feather Armor, and a pair of sky-reaching phoenix wings were born on his back.

In just an instant, he completed the psychic integration, and his momentum skyrocketed to 44,000 stars.

This suddenly reached the initial stage of the eighth level of heaven!

The eighth-level combat power range is from 40,000 to 60,000 stars!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

It was at this moment that Yao Zhu and the others had already killed all of them, and they all attacked with all their strength.

Twenty-one strikes together, and the momentum is piercing the sky!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever those attacks go, everything is destroyed!

Regardless of the power of space, time, and laws, they are all destroyed and turned into nothingness.

In the blink of an eye, those attacks were in front of Qin Feng's eyes, and the momentum was extremely terrifying, and they completely reached the eighth level of the sky!

At this moment, Yaocuo and the others showed hideous expressions, and their eyes were full of ruthlessness.

They believed that under this blow, the little thief in front of him would be hit hard!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Cold light flashes!

Shinra appears!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky, to meet those attacks.

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

A loud bang!

Twenty-one attacks were wiped out in one go!

This time, Yao Zhu and the others were completely dumbfounded!

Oh my God!

A single blow to wipe out their joint strike!

This definitely has the strength of the eighth level of heaven!

It was only at this moment that they realized that Qin Feng had not bragged before.

Qin Feng does have the strength to leave them behind!

Looking at Qin Feng's understatement again, it seems that the knife just now has not done his best.

What's even more terrifying is that this guy has four powerful clones!

Thinking of this, the mentality of Yao Zhu and the others collapsed instantly!

"Run away!"

A roar!

Yao Mantra and Yao Yun turned around and fled.

Yao Zhong and others' faces changed greatly.

They did not expect that the two Taishang elders said they would run away.

Immediately, the nineteen also roared, turned around and fled.

"Can you escape?"

Swish~!

Qin Feng slashed with one knife!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, through the heaven and earth!

Directly swept the audience and slashed at the nineteen heavenly powerhouses.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

A bang!

Blood splashed again and again!

It's like watching chopping melons and vegetables!

With just one knife, Qin Feng slashed five heaven-level first-level powerhouses in half on the spot!

For a time, screams continued, blood fog filled the sky!

The corpses of the five heavenly powerhouses rolled down from the air.

Immediately afterwards, five dazzling white lights flew out from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Tier 1), you get +1520 attributes, +31.27 million energy points, and +630 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Tier 1), you get +1610 attributes, +34.27 million energy points, and +630 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Tier 1), you get +1570 attributes, +32.56 million energy points, and +630 points. 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points and energy values ​​skyrocketed!

What surprised him even more was that the points for killing the Hidden were more than the Guardians.

The guardian of the first-level killing level, the points range from 500 to 600 points.

For the secret person of the first level of killing the sky, the points are all 630 points.

In fact, there should be more than 630 points, and Xiao Luan'er also scored 70 points.

In other words, the total points of a secret person of the first level of killing the sky is 700 points.

"escape!"

"Run away!"

At this moment, Yao Zhong waited and roared in shock.

But as soon as they turned around, they were horrified to find that the four avatars had already blocked their retreat.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

At this moment, the four clones rushed into the crowd.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

A burst of knife light flashes!

Blood splashed again and again!

At this moment, the four clones killed seven people in a row.

Immediately, only seven of the nineteen heavenly powerhouses escaped and fled to the surroundings.

Those seven people are three of the third-level heaven and four of the second-level of heaven.

The four avatars hurriedly chased away!

As for Yao Zhu and Yao Yun, they had already escaped several miles away.

These two guys are very crafty!

They know that the speed of the four clones cannot catch up with them.

Qin Feng is the only one who can catch up with them.

So, they are running away separately!

Only in this way can they guarantee that one person will survive.

And as long as one person survives, then the latest information here can be brought back to the clan, and the clan can quickly come to avenge them.

Otherwise, the clansmen will not know their situation and will delay for a long time, which will delay the best time for revenge.

The growth rate of this Qin Feng is too fast!

Revenge must be fast!

Qin Feng must not be given more time to grow up.

In the blink of an eye, Yao and Curse escaped more than ten miles away, and the speed was terrifying!

When everyone in Long Yuan saw this scene, they were extremely anxious.

They knew in their hearts that this time they would never let go of a living person.

Otherwise, they cannot rest in peace!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng acted!

huh~!

When I saw Qin Feng's figure flickering, it was divided into two, and they became two, both with phoenix wings on their backs, wearing phoenix armor, and their momentum was not reduced at all.

The only difference is that one has black hair and one has white hair.

That is another eighth-order skill of Qin Feng - the body of two poles!

Both are Qin Feng's body!

The black hair is the body of darkness!

The one with white hair is the body of light!

Swish~! Swish~!

In the next second, the body of darkness chased and killed Yao curse.

The body of light is chasing after Yaoyun!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At that moment, the two major body speed laws and wind laws were fully opened, and the speed was terrifyingly fast, reaching the level of the eighth-level peak of the sky in an instant.

Wherever the two main bodies passed, the heaven and the earth roared, and the vitality shook.

Yao and Curse felt that something was wrong, and they all looked back.

Seeing this, the two were terrified.

what happened?

Isn't that Qin Feng the same?

Why did it suddenly become two?

Is it a clone again?

Only when this thought came to mind, the body of darkness teleported, and instantly rushed to the top of Yaozhu's head, and slashed down with a knife.

Swish~!

That stab to the sky!

The law of power! The Golden Rule! The law of killing! The Law of Destruction!

The power of one after another law is superimposed!

The dark body strikes the strongest blow!

"This is"

Yaocu's eyes widened in horror.