Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, he sensed that the fundamental 130 in front of him was not a clone!

That momentum is the same as Qin Feng!

If it is a clone, the general strength is only 50-60% of the main body!

At this moment, the knife light fell!

Yao Zhu had no time to dodge, so he raised his sword in fear to resist!

When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

That knife directly knocked the Heavenly Curse Sword into the air!

Attack castration unabated!

Swish~!

Knife light falls!

Kacha~!

A bang!

Blood splashes!

That knife directly split Yao Mantra into two halves!

"Little thief! You will definitely regret it! Ah~~!"

Yao cursed roar!

Reverberates in the air!

At the same moment, Yao Yun's tragic roar came from the other side!

"My clan will definitely avenge us! Ah~~!"

Na Yaoyun was also killed by the body of light!

Then, two dazzling white lights poured into the two main bodies respectively.

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (7th Heavenly Level), you get +8570 attributes, +97.36 million energy points, and +1550 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (7th Heavenly Level), you get +8730 attributes, +100.1 million energy points, and +1550 points. 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

It's cool to kill the seventh-level secret person of the heaven level!

The light attribute points are close to 9,000 points, and the two have reached more than 17,000 points.

Points are also very high.

At this moment, there were several screams not far away.

The other seven disciples of the Yao clan were also killed by the four clones in a row.

Qin Feng once again harvested a large wave of attributes and points.

He was very satisfied.

Next, it was time for him to collect the loot.

This time, they killed all the powerhouses!

There must be many treasures on these people!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to collect loot

After a quarter of an hour, the entire collection is complete!

All those corpses were burnt!

Qin Feng received a lot of money.

Twenty-two corpses of heaven-level powerhouses obtained 2,200 attributes by extracting their attributes.

In addition, he also obtained the Heavenly Curse Sword and the Soul Breaker, two extremely precious seventh-order weapons.

In addition, he also got twenty-two storage rings.

At this moment, in the corner of the square.

Qin Feng is taking stock of the treasures in those storage rings.

"Huh! This turned out to be"

When he took inventory of Yaozhu's storage ring, his eyes lit up, and there was an ecstasy in the depths of his eyes.

Chapter 378 Points are skyrocketing, and the competition is fierce!

"I didn't expect it! There is such a treasure in this guy's storage ring!"

At this moment, Qin Feng's face was full of joy.

At this moment, Lei Jue hurried over.

"Boss, all those corpses have been disposed of and turned into ashes!"

"very good!"

Qin Feng put away the storage ring.

Those treasures will be checked later.

"Boss, you have killed so many hiders this time, which has given us Long Yuan a lot of points. Now, we have reached 123,100 points."

Lei Jue said excitedly.

Qin Feng was stunned: "Is there so much?"

Lei Jue smiled and said, "It's really that much!"

Qin Feng rejoiced: "In this way, we got 17,700 points in this battle! I can't believe that killing a group of heaven-level secretaries has such a big gain! Not bad! Not bad!"

Qin Feng was a little unfinished.

Lei Jue said again: "Boss, we have so many points now, should we be able to secure third place?"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "It's hard to say! We must not underestimate the Xinggu clan. If we really want to win the third place, the more points the better."

Lei Jue nodded: "That's right! Boss, when are you going to do the task of Xunyun Patriarch?"

Qin Feng said: "The sooner the better! The sooner we finish it, the more time we have to deal with unexpected situations. Besides, the hidden danger of the Yaotian clan is still there. We must complete Xunyun first before the Yaotian clan reacts. Ancestor's mission."

"right!"

Lei Jue nodded again and again.

"There are only sixteen hours before the end of the first round of competition. We must speed up the progress. Lei Jue, you should lead someone to guard here, this place is very important. If the Yaotian family comes again, they must come here first. Explore!"

"My subordinate understands!"

Afterwards, Qin Feng gave another order and disappeared out of thin air with the three avatars.

Time is running out!

He is going to deal with the task of Xunyun ancestors.

Of course, he also left a wood spirit clone at the Yuan clan residence.

If there is a strong enemy invading, he can reversely summon through the space and rush back to the Yuan clan station in an instant.

At the same moment, the Owl Clan was stationed.

The 10,000 Longyuan army is waiting there silently.

In the crowd, Liu Xuan, Qiyun, Longshan and other leaders were talking about killing the ancestor of Xunyun.

Suddenly, there was an exclamation from the crowd.

"Brothers! Look! Our points have reached 123,100!"

"Hey! It's really! It's really good!"

"Haha! It must be the boss who killed the invaders of the Yaotian family!"

"Boss is so powerful!"

"Yeah! I just said don't worry about the Yaotian family, the boss will definitely be able to solve them."

"Everyone, we now have 123,100 points. If we win the task of Xunyun Patriarch, we will have 153,100 points. We have won the third place, and we may even win the second place!"

"Regardless of whether it's third or second, it's a first-class reward anyway! As long as it's a first-class reward, I'll be satisfied."

"Yeah! The first prize is the best prize in the first round of competition. I'm so excited to think that we can get the first prize!"

"Me too! Haha!"

At this moment, the whole audience was full of laughter!

Swish~! Swish~! swish

At this moment, light and shadow flickered around Qiyun.

Qin Feng and the three clones appeared out of thin air.

Qiyun is one of Qin Feng's servants.

Qin Feng can reversely summon through space and rush to his side in an instant.

"Owner!"

Qiyun quickly greeted respectfully.

"Boss!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they all showed joy.

"Boss, do you want to do the task of finding the ancestors of the cloud now? As long as we win this task, we will have 153,100 points."

Liu Xuan said excitedly.

He can't wait!

Qin Feng smiled.

Looks like these guys already know about points.

Just as he was about to speak, an announcement came from Tiandao.

[Competition area announcement: Congratulations to the Liudao clan (mysterious forces) for completing an A-level mission and obtaining 100,000 points. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, it immediately caused a sensation in the entire competition area!

Longyuan Town was also shocked!

At this moment, everyone could not help but look at each other on the ground, feeling that the situation was not right.

Qin Feng also frowned slightly.

Six Dao Clan!

The initial points are ranked first!

Qin Feng remembered that the initial score of the Six Dao Clan was 76,300.

This time it got 100,000 points, and it became 176,300 points.

With such a high score, even if Longyuan Town won the task of Xun Yun Patriarch, it would not be able to catch up with the Six Dao Clan.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, the target of Longyuan Town is not the Six Dao Clan, but the Xinggu Clan.

But there is a bad message here.

Since the Six Dao Clan can receive an A-level mission, then the Xinggu Clan, who are also in the top three, may also receive an A-level mission!

Everyone quickly thought of this crucial issue and could not help but whispered.

"Fuck~! These mysterious forces can even take on missions!"

"Yeah! The Six Dao clan still took the A-level task and got 100,000 points. It is a grade higher than our B-level task."