Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Tsk tsk! 100,000 points! In this way, the Six Dao Clan will have 176,300 points. This is too strong!"

"Everyone, tell me, will the Xingu Clan also receive an A-level mission?"

"This...hs~!"

"Fuck~! If you think about it this way, the situation is not good! If the Xinggu Clan completes an A-level mission, they will have 165,700 points. Even if we complete the mission of Xunyun Ancestor, we can't surpass them!"

"Yeah! Even if we complete the task of finding the ancestors of the cloud, we only have 153,100 points, which is still more than 10,000 points less than them."

"Everyone, could it be that we are overthinking it? The Six Dao Clan can receive A-level quests, but the Xinggu Clan may not be able to receive them."

"It's hard to say! The top three mysterious forces are still very likely to receive missions!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone became a little uneasy.

"Boss, what do you think about this?"

The next second, everyone looked at Qin Feng.

Qin Feng did not expect that such a thing would happen.

This is the accident!

Immediately, he said: "Whether the Xinggu clan will receive the A-level task or not, we will hurry up and complete the task of Xunyun Ancestor. After that task is completed, we will find a way to get some points."

"As long as our total points can exceed 165,700 points, then even if the Xinggu people complete an A-level task, we can surpass them."

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded.

"Yes! Anyway, the more points, the better!"

"This is really a fierce points competition! We really can't relax!"

"Boss, let's hurry up and complete the task of the ancestor of Xunyun! The sooner this task is completed, the better it will be for us!"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan felt a sense of urgency.

Qin Feng said no more, and after instructing some trivial matters, he took the army of 10,000 people into the zero-dimensional space.

After doing this, he sent the Mirage clone, the Ice Spirit clone, and the Moon Spirit clone to kill Xunyungang first.

The old nest of Xunyun ancestors is near Xunyun Port.

As long as the clone is killed, it means Qin Feng has killed it.

After the avatar left, Qin Feng released the psychic fit, and let Xiao Luan'er also enter the zero-degree space.

Then, he sat in the teleportation array and left...

It didn't take long for an announcement to sound in Longyuan Town.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has integrated the Ye Clan land deed card, and the number of land in Longyuan Town has increased to 9. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has integrated the Ye Clan land deed card, and the Longyuan points have been increased to 125,100 points. 】

It turned out that Qin Feng was going to close the site.

This is also one of the ways to earn points.

As soon as this information came out, Long Yuan was naturally excited.

At present, what Longyuan Town needs most is to increase the points.

A quarter of an hour later, Tiandao continued to send reminders.

[Longyuan Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng has integrated the Shizu land deed card, and the number of sites in Longyuan Town has increased to 10. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has integrated the Ye Clan land deed card, and the Longyuan points have been increased to 127,100 points. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has integrated the land deed card of the Hui people, and the number of sites in Longyuan Town has increased to 11. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng has integrated the Huo nationality deed card, and the Longyuan points have increased to 129,100 points. 】

At the same time, in the Hui people's residence, next to the teleportation formation.

Qin Feng smiled when he heard Tiandao's prompt.

After he took over the three clan sites, Longyuan Town's points increased to 129,100 points. If he took the task of purifying Xunyungang, it would be 159,100 points.

Even if the Xinggu Clan got an A-level mission, Longyuan Town still had a chance to surpass it.

Whoo~!

"Finally, these trivial matters have been dealt with!"

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Having said that, he should also look at his previous gains.

He didn't have time to check the attribute points that killed the Yaotian family.

In addition, he had found a seventh-order **** card in Yaozhu’s storage ring before—the Supreme Synthesis Card.

[Supreme synthesis card: A seventh-order **** card, which can combine five purple diamond treasure chests into an epic treasure chest. 】

Qin Feng originally had a supreme synthesis card.

Now, he got one more, that's two.

He was very excited to get this card.

The treasure chest in his hand is enough to synthesize an epic treasure chest, and there are two more dark treasure chests.

As long as he works harder, it will be a matter of time before he can synthesize the second epic treasure chest.

Because he has the key item - Supreme Synthesis Card!

Of course, it would be even better if he had another helicopter card.

Then he was destined to get two ninth-order items.

But even without a helicopter card, that's fine.

The epic treasure chest, with the help of the luck card, can definitely open the eighth-order treasure.

Eighth-order items are also full of great temptation for Qin Feng.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for opening the treasure chest in the future.

It's just that the luck card is too rare and has a time limit.

Even if he wants to open the treasure chest, he must have a mythical treasure chest and an epic treasure chest in his hands.

At that time, when you open the treasure chest, you can make the best use of the God of Fortune card, and the benefits will be maximized.

Of course, there must be other treasures in Yaozhu and others' storage rings, but Qin Feng doesn't have time to take inventory right now.

Thinking of this, he opened the panel to check the previous harvest...

[Combat Strength]: 32,200 stars

[Free attribute]: 42430 points

[Personal points]: 103,200 points

[Longyuan Points]: 129,100 points

good! good!

This time, killing Yaozhu and others actually gained more than 40,000 attribute points.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Then, he started adding points to himselfL𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

At the same time, the Xinggu clan was stationed in the depths of a palace.

Patriarch Xing Gu opened his eyes again from meditation.

At this moment, he sighed.

Just now, he heard Tiandao's announcement.

The Six Dao Clan has completed an A-level mission.

In such a short period of time, the Six Dao Clan completed an A-level mission.

The Six Dao Clan is really strong!

Of course, their Xinggu clan is not weak either.

If he does it himself, the Xinggu clan can also complete an A-level task within 12 hours.

However, he was in retreat and couldn't make a move himself.

The A-level task was completed for the subordinates.

However, this is enough.

A-level tasks are not so easy to accomplish.

If you want to complete an A-level task within 24 hours, it is estimated that Liudao, Daluo, and Xinggu can do it.

Therefore, even if he doesn't make a move, as long as the Xinggu clan can complete an A-level task within 24 hours, they will definitely be able to place third.

Thinking of this, Xing Gu smiled confidently, closed his eyes again, and continued to retreat... Jie...

He didn't know that Longyuan Town's points had quietly caught up.

Chapter 379 Undersea Treasure

At the same time, the Yaotian Clan was stationed in a courtyard.

Yao Tianxun stared blankly at the sky.

Behind him, there was an old man with gray hair.

The old man was called Yao Tianming, a powerhouse of the eighth level of heaven.

In the Yaotian clan, among the seven supreme elders, in addition to Yao Tianxun, who is at the peak of the eighth level, there are two others who are eighth level.

One of them was Yao Tianming.

At this moment, Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming are both amazed.

Just now, they heard the Heavenly Dao announcement that the Six Dao Clan had completed an A-level mission.

After a long time, the two came back to their senses and could not help but look at each other face to face.

"The Six Dao Clan is really powerful! Only about eight hours have passed since the first round of competition, and they have completed an A-level mission."

Yao Tianming couldn't help but sigh.

Yao Tianxun looked at the sky with his hands behind his back: "Yeah! If you do an A-level mission, you will definitely encounter the existence of the ninth heaven level. You need to kill the ninth heaven level to complete the task. Only this one, few forces can complete it. A-level mission."

Yao Tianming nodded slightly: "Indeed! Even if our Yaotian clan receives an A-level mission, it will only be possible to complete it with the strength of the entire clan. However, we cannot accomplish it within 24 hours."

Yao Tianxun sighed: "Yeah! Without five or six days, it is difficult for our clan to complete the A-level task. Only the Six Dao clan can complete the A-level task in such a short period of time."

"Actually, the only three clans who can complete A-level tasks within 24 hours are Liudao, Daluo, and Xinggu."

"Actually, I don't need to belittle myself! At present, only our top ten mysterious forces have the strength to complete the A-level task. After all, only the top ten mysterious forces, 173, have the powers above the ninth level of heaven."

"As for those guardian forces and challenge forces, they don't have ninth-level powerhouses, so it's good that they can complete a B-level mission."

As soon as these words fell, the two couldn't help but smile at each other with pride on their faces.

That is the pride of being a mysterious force!

"By the way, when I mention this, the old man thinks of Qin Feng. That guy stole the initial tenth place of our Yaotian clan and made our clan lose face!"

Speaking of this, Yao Tianming's tone was full of displeasure.

Yao Tianxun put his hands on his back and looked in the direction of Area 1.

After a while, he said: "This time, the deity sent Yao Zhu, Yao Yun, and Yao Yu to the No. 1 area, and there are 19 heavenly disciples to help. With their strength, it is not difficult to get rid of Qin Feng. It is estimated that there will be news before dark."

Yao Tianming rejoiced: "With such strength, even if Qin Feng is a seventh-level heaven-level powerhouse, he will have to fall. Besides, he can never be the seventh-level heaven-level, at most, the fourth-level to fifth-level heaven. This time, you are the Killing chickens with a bull's knife!"

Hearing this, Yao Tian asked with a smile without saying a word.

The two also thought that it would be an easy task for Yaocu and others to kill Qin Feng.

They didn't know that Yaocuo and others had been beheaded by Qin Feng long ago...

At the same time, the Hui people were stationed next to the teleportation formation.