Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng has finished adding points, his basic combat power has increased to 33,000 stars, and his strength has skyrocketed.

He is very satisfied!

Then, he looked up in the direction of Xunyungang.

At this time, the three avatars were almost at Xunyungang.

He should go too.

Qin Feng's figure flickered and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he will be thousands of miles away

Time flies!

A quarter of an hour later, four tall and straight figures appeared beside Xunyungang.

That is Qin Feng and the three clones.

At this moment, Qin Feng stood on the edge of a thousand-zhang-high sea cliff, overlooking the bottom.

I saw below, the waves were monstrous and turbulent.

Waves of huge waves surged up from time to time, slapped the sea cliffs fiercely, and then broke and splashed everywhere.

This is Xunyungang!

It is rumored that there are various secrets hidden in the seabed under the cliff, and the lair of the ancestor Xunyun is hidden below.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng called out Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue with a thought.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

As soon as the two little girls appeared, they looked around curiously.

"Hey! Dad, we're here!"

"Master, is this the legendary Xunyun Port?"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "It's here! I heard that there have never been many human beings who can sneak into the bottom of this cliff to find out!"

"why?"

Xiao Luan'er looked puzzled.

Qin Feng explained: "This is the site of the ancestor of Xunyun. How many humans dare to invade its site in this area?"

Xiao Luan'er suddenly said, "Yes! That said, it's quite mysterious here!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Let's go! Maybe, there are treasures hidden below!"

As soon as the voice fell, he jumped straight down.

The three clones, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue followed closely and played chess.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

In just a moment, the six of them jumped from the Qianzhang sea cliff into the turbulent waves.

As soon as he entered the sea, Qin Feng's figure fell rapidly.

After a while, he sank a thousand feet and reached the bottom of the sea.

I saw that under the bottom of the sea, the light was dim, and all kinds of undercurrents were surging around.

Qin Feng quickly looked up and found that there were many blue lights on the seabed, all of them the size of a fist.

Those bright lights exude a huge gravitational force, causing the undersea tide to surge.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's heart moved.

Could it be that the various undercurrents on the ocean floor are caused by these blue lights?

And the undercurrent on the seabed caused huge waves on the sea surface.

So what are these blue lights?

Qin Feng was curious and quickly approached those blue lights.

Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue also followed curiously.

In just a moment, the group approached the seabed and saw the blue light spots clearly.

It was actually a fist-sized blue spar.

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the peeping eyes of God visited him.

[Tide crystal: fifth-order item, heaven and earth strange object, water attribute. 】

[Effect: The necessary material for creating Lingquan Well, it can also be used for refining. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

These spar are actually fifth-order items.

After the item reaches the fifth rank, the value is not cheap!

Looking at the seabed, there are tens of thousands of tidal crystals, which is definitely a huge wealth!

There are treasures under the sea!

"Dad, what are these hedrons?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

"Tide crystal! It is an essential material for building a spiritual well, and it can also be used for refining."

Qin Feng explained it casually.

As soon as these words fell, Qi Yue on the side showed excitement.

"Master, that's great! I have something to report to you!"

Qin Feng was curious: "what's the matter?"

Qiyue: "My grandfather said that most of the hard conditions for Longyuan Town to be upgraded to level 6 have been met. At present, the last condition is missing. Only the master can fulfill that condition."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, he had long expected Longyuan Town to upgrade.

Longyuan upgrade!

Not only will he get a lot of benefits, but all the townspeople will also get a lot of benefits.

Immediately, he asked: "What conditions are still missing?"

Qiyue: "It's time to build a Lingquan Well! From a level 5 town to a level 6 town, a Lingquan well must be built on each site. As long as the well is built, our town can be upgraded immediately."

"Originally, Grandpa asked me to wait until the end of the points competition before telling you about it. After all, the most important thing right now is to earn points. Even if I tell you, I'm afraid you won't have time to deal with it."

"Unexpectedly, our luck was so good, and we encountered a large number of tidal crystals directly here."

In fact, Lingquan Well is a regular configuration in a 5th-level town, but Longyuan Town lacked tidal crystals before, so it was not created and popularized.

Qin Feng is also delighted: "We are lucky! Your grandfather is right, if he told me before. I can't create a Lingquan Well because of the lack of tidal crystals. It's good now, everything is there."

As soon as the voice fell, he waved.

In the next second, white light flashed around him.

Nearly one hundred Long Yuan disciples including Liu Yuan appeared one after another.

"Boss, where is this?"

Liu Yuan and others looked around curiously.

Today, everyone in Longyuan has a combat power of close to 200 stars, and they can go back and forth freely on the bottom of the sea.

"Liu Yuan, this is the seabed of Xunyungang. You bring a hundred people, the tidal crystal miners. These are the key things for us to upgrade the town to level 6!"

Hearing this, everyone was overjoyed.

They have long expected that Longyuan Town will be upgraded, and it can even be said that they are looking through the autumn waters.

Immediately, Liu Yuan said: "Don't worry, boss! We promise to complete the task! We will strive to excavate all these tidal crystals within an hour!"

"That's good!"

At the moment, Qin Feng left Liu Yuan and others behind.

Afterwards, he led Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue to go deep into the sea.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But at this moment, thousands of black shadows came in the distance, each one of them was extremely fast, like flying arrows.

They finally alarmed the fierce beast forces of Xunyun ancestors!

A large number of seabed beasts have attacked

Chapter 380 Crazy harvest treasure chest!

Qin Feng stared at it and saw that the shadows were vicious fish.

Looking closely, those strange fish are all ten feet long, black in body, like sharks and whales, but they have a row of sharp bone spurs on their backs, like white bone guns.

Looking at the fins on both sides, it is very wide, like a pair of spread wings, and sharp bone spurs are exposed at the top.

In addition, they also have a huge head, mouth full of sharp teeth, blood red eyes, and looks extremely hideous.

[Blood-devouring shark (ominous beast): water attribute, elite level]𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Qin Feng glanced at it and saw through the details of these strange fish.

It turned out that the strange fish was called the Bloodthirsty Shark, and it belonged to the elite-level beasts, all of which had reached the peak of human-level combat power.

These bloodthirsty sharks are not strong, but they are very numerous.

After a while, more than 30,000 bloodthirsty sharks have flocked, including thirteen giant sharks that are over a hundred feet in size.

That is the bloodthirsty shark king of the prefecture-level realm!

"Dad! So many weird-looking sharks!"

Xiao Luan'er opened her eyes curiously.

In just a moment, the huge group of sharks had approached, and they were only a dozen feet away from the crowd.

These more than 30,000 big sharks were slaughtered together, and the momentum was extremely amazing!

Not far away, Liu Yuan and the others looked a little terrified!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

At this moment, the thirteen shark kings led by the group of sharks had rushed over frantically.

As soon as they approached, they could tell that the blood aura on these humans was not from the Owl Clan and the Hui Clan.

Since they are not two races, they are intruders!

Any intruder who dares to break into the ancestor's territory will have to die!

Bloodthirsty sharks have the ability to inherit talent, that is, they are extremely sensitive to blood, and can even judge the origin of the other party through the blood aura emitted by the creature.

Because of this, the ancestors of Xunyun arranged them at the outermost periphery of the nest, in order to prevent the invasion of the children of the non-owl clan and demon clan.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

In just an instant, the thirteen shark kings rushed to the front!

"Go ahead!"

At this time, Qin Feng spoke softly.

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand and fired tens of thousands of arrows of light.

At the same time, the three clones also fired tens of thousands of arrows of light.

Xiao Luan'er also shot tens of thousands of feather arrows.

Even Qiyue stimulated thousands of energy light arrows.

In an instant, tens of thousands of light arrows shot densely towards the sharks...

huh~! huh~! huh~!