Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Instantly shot the giant elephant on the right in the face!

The giant elephant on the right just opened its eyes and saw this terrifying scene, it was so frightened that it opened its mouth to roar...

Swish~!

Another cold light flashed!

"Ang... gu gu... gu..."

Before the giant elephant roared out of its throat, it was cut off by a knife. Before the shouting could be made, a strange bubble sound came out of its throat.

It stared wide-eyed in horror, staggered back a few steps, and then fell to the ground with its pupils scattered.

Bang~!

The huge body made the ground tremble slightly.

This series of changes has caused quite a stir.

The nearby elephant herds noticed something, raised their heads and looked over here.

Qin Feng was already prepared, and quickly squatted to the ground, hiding his figure beside the first giant elephant...

The half-human-high grass, plus the tall corpse of the giant elephant, could not see him at a glance.

But at this time, a gust of breeze blew, and a faint smell of blood wafted in the air, and the elephant group suddenly felt that something was wrong.

They smelled, it was the smell of blood of the same kind.

Looking at the two giant elephants in front of them, the posture of lying on the ground is a bit strange, there must be a problem.

Ang~!

Immediately, a mammoth guard roared and led five giant elephants towards the location of the accident.

Om~! Om~!

It was here that the two elephant corpses lit up with white light and poured into Qin Feng's body one after another...

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

Ang~!

The mammoth guardian noticed something, and immediately looked in the direction where the white light flew.

Qin Feng sighed, knowing that he couldn't hide it, so he hurriedly dodged and slid into the grass.

Ang~!

The mammoth guard roared in alarm and strode forward.

It saw a black shadow and got into the grass.

That shadow is definitely weird!

At the moment, it ran faster and faster, rushing to the scene.

Five other giant elephants followed.

The elephant king and the elephant herd were far apart, so they couldn't see clearly, and they didn't understand what was going on, so they all watched blankly.

However, they have remained vigilant.

The faint smell of blood in the air had already made them realize that something was wrong.

Soon, the mammoth guardian and five giant elephants rushed to the scene.

At a glance, they saw the two giant elephants lying in a pool of blood.

Ang~! Ang~!

Ang~!

The giant elephants were immediately shocked and roared in grief.

Afterwards, the mammoth guardian took five giant elephants and chased away in the direction of Qin Feng's escape.

It must be this abominable shadow that killed their brethren.

Ang~!

The elephants were also startled.

The Mammoth Guard conveyed to them the message of the tragic death of their own kind.

Ang~! Ang~!

The elephant king was extremely sad and angry.

It roared in the sky, the sound waves swayed, and the whole grassland was shaking.

Then, it moved its body and walked towards the tragically dead giant elephant in a sad mood.

Elephants followed.

On the other side, Qin Feng leaned on his waist and ran away quickly in the grass.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

He was extremely fast, like a light and shadow.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

There was also an earth-shattering sound of running behind him. It was the mammoth guard and five giant elephants chasing after him.

The huge body of the six mammoths, like six moving hills, shook the ground until the ground rumbled and trembled slightly.

At this time, Qin Feng couldn't help but look back.

Fuck it~!

The speed of these six-headed giants is so fast!

Not much slower than him!

Obviously, they are on fire and vowed to avenge their kin.

However, as soon as they came in pursuit, they were separated from the elephant herd, at least seven or eight hundred meters away.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

In fact, all of this was deliberately designed by him.

His purpose is to lead this group of giant elephants out of the elephant group.

Now, his goal has been achieved.

Thinking of this, he stopped running away, stood up directly, and faced the six-headed giant.

This time, the mammoth guardian finally saw Qin Feng's strength, but his eyes were full of surprise.

The murderer turned out to be a level 7 human.

A small 7th-level human can kill a 12th-level compatriot, which is completely unexpected.

But after being shocked, it became even more angry.

This humble human must have used despicable means to kill his fellow race.

It must trample this human being to death!

Ang~!

The mammoth guard roared and charged madly.

The other five loud noises rushed over in unison.

The six giants are like six tanks, and their momentum is amazing

Chapter 49 Killing the Four Elephants

On the other side, the elephant king and the elephant group walked towards the dead giant elephant while watching the battle from a distance.

They also saw Qin Feng, and all of them were shocked.

It turned out that the murderer was a thin 7th-level human.

However, they are not worried at all.

In their view, the mammoth guardian and the five giant elephants can definitely kill the human and avenge the dead giant elephant.

A 7th-level human, in front of them, like ants.

Not to mention a level 7 human, even a level 12 human being under the siege of the mammoth guardian and the five giant elephants, it is still more fortunate than fortune.

In just a moment, the mammoth guard rushed in front of Qin Feng with an astonishing aura.

Qin Feng knew how powerful it was, and with a flash, he avoided its impact.

Boom~!

A gust of wind blows!

Under the action of huge inertia, the mammoth guard rushed over from Qin Feng's side.

But Qin Feng avoided the mammoth guard and faced five giant elephants head on.

I saw that he did not hesitate and went up to face it directly.

His plan was to make the weak first and then the strong, first to cut off the wings of the Mammoth Guardian, and then deal with the Mammoth Guardian.

Swish~!

He rushed to the front of the five giant elephants at once.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The five giant elephants rushed side by side, making it unavoidable.

He didn't dare to directly block the impact of the five giant elephants, and one jumped up and fell on top of one of the giant elephants.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

The giant elephant was flexible, and its five stout trunks, like huge iron rods, swept towards Qin Feng in the air.

Qin Feng also swung a long knife, dancing with a knife light!

The attack speed of Wind Scar's Blade is +100%, and it is incisively and vividly at this moment.

When~! When~! When~!

sigh~! sigh~! sigh~!

There were bursts of golden and iron symphony-like sounds, mixed with the sound of flesh and blood cutting.

The giants roared in pain.

But their trunks were not cut off.

Fuck it~!

The defensive power of these giant elephants seems to have doubled!

Qin Feng was surprised, and when he looked closely, he saw that the giant elephants were all exuding a faint yellow light, like a mask protecting them.

He was suddenly stunned.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It turns out that these giant elephants have used skills.

And their skills are defensive.

After all, this time he was a frontal bar, not a sneak attack again, and the giant elephants naturally doubled.

However, as long as he can break the defense, he will have a chance of winning.

Bang~!

Qin Feng's feet landed steadily.

The elephants roared incessantly, and the five trunks were bleeding.

Just a moment ago, Qin Feng disrupted their joint battle.

Ang~!