Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

All the fish in the light arrow were bombarded with one blow, and even the bloodthirsty shark king was no exception, and they were killed in seconds.

Suddenly, blood surged, and countless white lights emerged, frantically pouring into the bodies of Qin Feng, Xiaoluan'er, and Qiyue.

At the same time, golden treasure chests appeared on the corpses of the thirteen shark kings.

[You successfully killed the 47-level Bloodthirsty Shark King (King-level) for the first time, and you get +10 reputation. 】

[You successfully killed the Level 47 Bloodthirsty Shark King (King Level), and a golden treasure chest exploded. 】

[You successfully killed the Level 47 Bloodthirsty Shark King (King Level), and a golden treasure chest exploded. 】

[You successfully killed the Level 47 Bloodthirsty Shark King (King Level), and a golden treasure chest exploded. 】

 …

In a blink of an eye, the Thirteen Shark Kings exploded with thirteen golden treasure chests, and also provided 10 reputation.

Qin Feng was very happy.

Gold chests and prestige are what he needs!

Especially the treasure chest is what he is most eager for right now.

Because he just got his second Supreme Synthesis Card!

And he has dozens of synthetic cards and super synthetic cards in his hand.

Those were all his long-term acquisitions and those purchased in the God Card Hall.

Because of these resources, as long as he has enough gold treasure chests and dark treasure chests, he can synthesize a large number of purple diamond treasure chests.

This is one of Qin Feng's advantages.

Challengers can purchase God Cards in the Temple of Vientiane, while guardian forces and mysterious forces do not have this authority.

There is a prestige limit for purchasing God Cards. You need to reach more than 300 prestige points to have one purchase permission.

Because of such a high threshold, 99.99% of challengers do not have the right to purchase.

After all, there are not many challengers who can have such terrifying reputation like Qin Feng.

In just a moment, the 30,000-plus shark group was completely slaughtered!

The Baili Sea Area was dyed red with blood!

Not far away, Liu Yuan and others were amazed when they saw it.

The strength of the bosses is really strong!

It took less than three minutes to kill a huge herd of beasts.

At the same moment, Qin Feng was also in a good mood.

The three clones collect treasure chests and the corpse of the shark king.

The bones of king-level beasts are precious materials, and they are the main materials used to build teleportation arrays.

That little Luan'er and Qiyue were also excited.

Having killed so many beasts just now, the two of them have increased a lot of energy.

Especially Qiyue, who has also been promoted by one level, is already level 23.

"Master, killing these beasts is not bad! It can bring a lot of benefits to our upgrade!"

"Dad! If I kill this trip, I should be able to rise to level 27"

At this moment, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er said excitedly.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

He's also desperate to level up.

His next big goal is to sprint to the realm of heaven.

However, the level is less than level 40, which is the biggest obstacle to his promotion to the heaven level!

Although these beasts can't provide points and attributes, they can provide a lot of energy value, and they can also explode treasure chests, which are really worth killing.

In short, between the beast and the guardian, each has its own merits.

As for this time, it was even better.

After killing these beasts and completing this task, there are points rewarded.

At this moment, the three clones finished processing the body of the Shark King, and made some extractions for other bodies, which were soon full.

Seeing this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and white light flashed in the field.

Long Yuan's 10,000-strong army appeared!

When everyone saw the corpses in the audience, they were a little surprised and a little excited.

These shark corpses are all beasts at the peak of human level, but they are all resources!

"Boss, there's already a war here!"

Liu Xuan looked around excitedly.

He hasn't killed a beast for a long time!

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Leave a hundred people to clean up the battlefield, and the rest will go with me!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, Liu Xuan arranged it.

After a while, Qin Feng led an army of 10,000 people and slaughtered the old nest of Xunyun in a mighty manner.

The shark group is just the outermost defense of Xunyun's Nest!

That search for the cloud's old nest, and go deep into the sea for dozens of miles.

Ow~!

This time, not long after the army marched, a shocking roar came from the front, like a whale roaring, carrying the might of the heavens, causing the seabed to oscillate.

Liu Xuan and others were shocked.

After a while, an extremely large group of beasts appeared in front of them, rushing towards the Long Yuan army, stirring the undercurrents of the seabed.

Qin Feng looked at it, and saw that there were bloodthirsty sharks, golden scale monster fish, silver flood eel, iron armored crab and other dozens of sea monsters in the ferocious beast group, with more than 100,000 heads, all of them. Human-level peak combat power.

This huge herd of beasts came, and the momentum was extremely astonishing.

Everyone in Long Yuan was a little excited!

The herd is not easy to meet!Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Now, with so many beasts slaughtering, for them, it is not a feast of energy.

And Qin Feng's eyes fell on the front of the beast group.

There was a giant shark with a body that was thousands of feet long.

The previous roar was from it.

Qin Feng's mind moved, and the eye of the peeping went away...

【Ferocious Beast】: Bloodthirsty Shark King

[Level]: Level 57 (Emperor Level)

[Realm]: Heaven-level realm (low-grade combined Dao)

[Combat Strength]: Heaven Level 1 Layer

[Characteristics]: Guardian, violent, bloodthirsty.

[Talent]: The Law of Water (A Grade), The Law of Power (A Grade)

【Skill】:? ?

[Origin]: Under the seat of the ancestor Xunyun, one of the five emperor beasts.

[Status]: Controlled

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

The emperor-level beast finally appeared.

There are five earth-level beasts under the seat of the ancestor Xunyun. He has already killed the Golden Scale War Emperor, and there are four remaining.

This bloodthirsty shark king is one of the four.

And the emperor-level beasts will explode the dark treasure chest.

Behind the Bloodthirsty Shark King, there were also forty-six king-level vicious beasts, some were fish-shaped king beasts, some were turtle-shaped king beasts, and some were otter-shaped king beasts... all of them were extraordinary.

But in Qin Feng's eyes, that's forty-six golden treasure chests!

His eyes suddenly lit up.

A huge harvest is about to begin again!

Ow~!

Another thunderous roar!

The Bloodthirsty Shark King arrived with an army of 100,000 beasts.

It stared angrily at the human army ahead!

Especially Qin Feng at the front!

It sensed that these guys killed its subordinates because they had the **** smell of bloodthirsty sharks.

Ow~!

It wants to kill all these invaders and avenge its own men.

Boom~Long~Long!

The bloodthirsty shark king rushed towards Qin Feng directly.

It knows that this guy is the leader of these invaders!

Because Qin Feng has the aura of the prefecture-level realm, he can't hide it, and this person is the highest realm in this group of people.

Looking at Qin Feng standing at the front, he is obviously the leader!

Damn it!

A human in the prefecture-level realm dares to kill its subordinates, and dare to invade the territory of the ancestors, it is really courting death!

0

It will tear this human to shreds!

The bloodthirsty Shark King's blood-red eyes locked Qin Feng.

When it was dispatched, the huge body of 1000 feet moved like a giant mountain, stirring the sea floor upside down.

The forty-six king beasts followed closely and came to kill Qin Feng together.

At this moment, all the king beasts stared at Qin Feng coldly.

In their eyes, Qin Feng is already a dead person!

In just a moment, the bloodthirsty shark emperor and the king beasts have been killed to the near future.

The two armies are about to meet!

The first target of the beasts is Qin Feng!

"Dad! They killed them!"

Xiao Luan reminded.

Ow~!

The voice just fell, and the Shark King has been killed until recently.

It roared and rushed towards Qin Feng fiercely.

The monstrous beast Tianwei also crushed the Long Yuan army.