Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, forty-six king beasts also attacked Qin Feng.

These beasts are extremely cunning and know the tactics of killing enemies as well as their heads.

At that moment, the auras of the shark king and the king beasts were joined together.

The power of that joint strike suddenly reached the level of the second level of heaven.

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

A beam of knife light with a length of one million meters rushed up from the bottom of the sea, cut the bottom of the sea, and swept the audience!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Wherever the knife light passed, whether it was the shark emperor or the major king beasts, they were all split into two halves, and the blood kept surging...

[You successfully killed the level 57 Bloodthirsty Shark King (Emperor level) for the first time, you gain +20 reputation and explode two dark treasure chests. 】

[You successfully killed the 42-level golden crab king (king level) for the first time, you get +10 reputation points, and a dark treasure chest bursts out. 】

[You successfully killed the 43-level Ironback Turtle King (king level) for the first time, you get +10 reputation points, and a dark treasure chest bursts out. 】

With that knife, the shark emperor and many king beasts were cut off.

Qin Feng's reputation skyrocketed, and a bunch of golden treasure chests exploded, including two dark treasure chests.

The 100,000 beasts were stunned!

Everyone in Long Yuan watched with enthusiasm!

"Brothers! Kill!"

The next second, the crowd roared loudly, and the crowd slaughtered excitedly.

The three clones, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue also shot, and countless light arrows shot towards the herd...

The army of 10,000 people also rushed into the herd, slashing wildly!

Immediately, a large swath of beasts fell, and the waters were stained with blood.

The people in Longyuan were frantically harvesting energy.

At the same time, countless white lights flew up and continuously poured into Qin Feng's body.

A feast of harvesting begins here...  

Chapter 381 Surprised to discover the eighth-order treasure!

At this moment, the fierce beasts in the field continued to roar!

Many beasts began to flee, but under the strangulation of Qin Feng and Long Yuan's army, those beasts had no chance of escaping.

In the blink of an eye, 70% of the 100,000 beasts were beheaded!

"Stop it! Stop it"

"Who are you? Who are you?"

At this moment, a shocking roar came from the depths of the dark seabed.

The tone was full of anxiety and anger!

How could everyone in Longyuan stop?

Without Qin Feng's order, no one will stop, and everyone will continue to slaughter.

"Damn human beings! How dare you slaughter this old man's subordinates! You wait!!"

The man behind seemed to be able to see everything on the battlefield, and roared in anger.

The next second, the roaring stops!

"Dad! Was that roar from Ancestor Xunyun?"

Xiao Luan'er came over curiously.

"Don't worry about it! Kill these beasts first!"

"Um!"

Xiao Luan'er continued beheading.

Qin Feng began to collect treasure chests.

After a while, he put away the treasure chest.

In addition to his previous treasure chest harvest, he got a total of fifty-nine gold treasure chests and two purple diamond treasure chests.

Qin Feng put away these treasure chests with satisfaction.

In addition to these, his other big gain is prestige.

Before he knew it, his reputation had risen to 896 points.

Seeing such a high reputation value, Qin Feng suddenly thought, after the reputation reaches 1000 points, will it change?

According to his calculations, 90% is possible.

Thinking of this, he had some expectations in his heart.

At this time, the battle on the field came to an end.

The last dozen or so ferocious beasts that escaped were instantly killed by Yueling's clone.

The next second, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light.

【Your level has been promoted to level 34! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Finally level up again!

One step closer to the big goal of level 40.

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Of course, after this battle, he was not the only one who was upgraded.

Hundreds of people, including Xiao Luan'er, Liu Xuan, Qishan, Longshan, etc., all upgraded.

The upgraded white light in the field is one after another.

This got everyone excited.

Afterwards, everyone began to clear the battlefield.

At this moment, the seabed ahead continued to roar.

Everyone followed the sound and saw a white-haired old man rushing over with murderous aura.

Behind the old man, there were three emperor-level beasts with a body length of 1,000 meters, more than seventy king-level beasts, and an army of more than 100,000 beasts.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: The target ancestor of Xunyun has appeared! Kill the ancestor Xunyun and his subordinates, and completely purify the Xunyun port. When the task is completed, there will be rich rewards. 】

At this moment, Long Yuan heard the quest prompt from top to bottom, and everyone was surprised.

This B-level 'purification of Xunyungang' is a public task.

As long as the task is completed, everyone benefits.

Of course, Qin Feng, as the main task executor, will benefit the most.

"Haha! Brothers, the target has appeared!"

"The white-haired old man must be the ancestor Xunyun!"

"It must be him!"

"Fuck~! At first glance! I thought it was a human being!"

"Yeah! It's the first time I've seen a beast that can change shape!"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was talking excitedly.

At this moment, Qin Feng's voice resounded throughout the audience.

"Follow me to kill!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, Qin Feng took the lead and took the initiative to meet the army of the ancestors of Xunyun.

Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue and others followed closely behind.

The army of Long Yuan also followed in a mighty manner...

On the other side, Ancestor Xunyun led the army and killed him aggressively.

This time, it's all out!

At this moment, it is extremely angry in its heart.

It was originally closed.

Qin Feng and others just killed the outermost shark group, it sensed it, and quickly sent the shark emperor to lead the army to encircle and suppress it.

But he didn't want to, the Shark King's army didn't last for a quarter of an hour, and they were all killed.

This also makes it realize that the comers are extremely powerful, and they must come out in full force.

It's just that it really can't figure out where the forces came from, and they dared to invade Xunyungang on a large scale.

It stands to reason that there is no power in this area, and they dare to be the enemy of Xunyungang.

What's up with these guys?

However, no matter what the other party's background is, whoever dares to kill its subordinates must die!

The more the ancestor Xunyun thought about it, the more angry he became!

In this way, the two armies approached each other, and they were both aggressive and murderous.

In just a moment, the two armies were approaching, but the distance was only ten thousand feet.

Qin Feng and Ancestor Xunyun, who were at the forefront of the team, were even closer, no more than a thousand feet away.

At this moment, the ancestor Xunyun finally saw Qin Feng's appearance, and suddenly showed surprise.

The human in front of him, with black hair and yellow skin, has a noble dragon breath, and is definitely not of the same race as those who protect the power.

Where is this guy from?

By the way, the Xiaozu once looked for it and said that one of the challenging forces named Qin Feng was extremely powerful.

Then Qin Feng seemed to have killed Xiao Yun, and then killed Yuan Kong.

As soon as he thought of Yuan Kong, his heart 'tickled'.

You must know that its previous strength was comparable to that of Yuankong.

Today, it has broken through to the fourth level of heaven, but it is not much stronger than Yuankong.

If Qin Feng can kill Yuankong, even if it breaks through to the fourth level of the sky, I am afraid that it may not necessarily be Qin Feng's opponent!

Could the human being in front of him be the legendary Qin Feng?

Thinking of this, Ancestor Xunyun stopped and no longer rushed towards Qin Feng, but instead showed a cautious look.

It is cautious by nature, and it is extremely life-threatening.

As soon as it senses danger, it usually runs away first.

"It's weird! This guy's cultivation is at the ground level. Is he really Qin Feng?"