Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Ancestor Xunyun stood on the spot thinking.

Having said that, it sent the Golden Scale War Emperor to help the Xiao Clan and the Hui Clan, and now they have lost contact.

This makes it very uneasy!

It always felt like something was wrong.

Therefore, even if it sees Qin Fengcai at the prefecture level, it does not dare to take risks easily.

Of course, if it weren't for the fierce beast being unable to distinguish the identity of the challenger, it would not have been so troubled.

After a while, Qin Feng had already killed him.

The distance between the two sides is only a few hundred meters.

Ancestor Xunyun's face changed slightly, and he was considering whether to retreat from the edge.

At this moment, its three three beast emperors and more than seventy king beasts also rushed to its side.

It rolled its eyes immediately.

"Listen to this ancestor's order! Kill that man for me!"

Ancestor Xunyun pointed at Qin Feng.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

The three big beast emperors and more than 70 king beasts roared and slaughtered Qin Feng together.

They didn't hesitate at all about the ancestor's order.

In a blink of an eye, the two sides met.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The three beast emperors immediately attacked Qin Feng.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At the same time, more than seventy king beasts also attacked Qin Feng.

The joint attack of many emperor-level and king-level beasts destroyed the sky and the earth, and the seabed shook violently.

The power of the joint strike definitely reached the strike of a heaven-level triple powerhouse.

Ancestor Xunyun held his breath and watched with wide eyes.

If the human in front of him can block this blow, it means that he is Qin Feng!

If you can't stop it, don't blame it for being rude!

Only then did the thought arise, and Qin Feng took action.

Swish~!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, bright to the bottom of the sea!

Millions of knife energy, cut across thousands of miles, and swept the audience with one knife!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Wherever the sword light passed, no matter whether it was an emperor-level beast or a king-level beast, it was all split into two halves...

When the knife went down, a large number of treasure chests exploded, and only thirty or so king-level beasts remained.

Boom~!

Ancestor Xunyun was shocked all over his body, and his eyes showed boundless fear!

OMG!

Where is this Heavenly Grade Triple Layer!

This human being definitely has the strength above the sixth level of heaven!

escape!

Run away!

At this moment, Ancestor Xunyun only had this thought.

Swish~!

In the next second, he turned around and fled to the depths of the seabed, rushing straight to the bottom of the sea with constant roars.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was slightly taken aback.

This old thing is so cunning!

He chose to escape!

Boom~!

At the same time, the remaining king beasts and the army of 100,000 fierce beasts were also shocked by Qin Feng's knife!

Later, they saw that the ancestor was the first to escape.

The beasts suddenly collapsed in their will to fight, and they also collapsed and fled.

"Brothers! Don't let them escape!"

"kill!"

Everyone in Longyuan roared.

Qin Feng's three avatars, and Qiyue, were the first to chase the army of 100,000 beasts.

These are all energy!

Never let them escape!

What's more, the task of purifying Xunyun Port also needs to kill all the subordinates of the ancestor of Xunyun.

And Qin Feng continued to kill the remaining thirty or so king beasts.

As a result, there is no one to hunt down the ancestors of Xunyun for the time being.

It escaped out of Rish all at once.

But just when it thought that he could escape, the space in front of him changed, and Xiao Luan'er appeared out of thin air.

"Old thief! Go away!"

Xiao Luan'er suddenly stopped the retreat of the ancestor Xunyun, and punched the front of the ancestor Xunyun.

The same form of spirit beast!

Xiao Luan'er's comprehensive strength has reached the peak of the 0.4th Heaven Level 4th Layer.

Ancestor Xunyun is at the fourth level of heaven!

"Damn!"

Ancestor Xunyun suddenly felt bad, and hurriedly punched him

At that moment, its whole body glowed with red light, and a giant dragon phantom appeared behind it.

Ancestor Xunyun completely activated the true dragon blood essence in his body.

In the face of such a powerful existence as Xiao Luan'er, he must do his best.

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The waves are huge!

Ancestor Xunyun groaned and vomited blood and flew out.

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed and hurriedly chased away.

Ancestor Xunyun steadied his body after some somersaults under the water.

When it saw Xiao Luan'er chasing and killing him again, it was so frightened that it turned even paler.

But it also knows that if it can't defeat Xiao Luan'er, it will never try to escape.

Thinking of this, his eyes flashed fiercely, his palm turned over, and a red spirit orb appeared in the palm of his hand, exuding strange mental power fluctuations.

At this moment, Qin Feng just killed the thirty or so king beasts, looked at him, and saw the strange spirit bead at a glance.

[Soul Soul Orb: Eighth-Order Item, Soul-type Rare Object]

what!

Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up.

He didn't expect that there was an eighth-order treasure in the hands of this ancestor Xunyun!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Ancestor Xunyun swallowed the Soul Soul Orb in one bite.

Chapter 382 Rich rewards! Shock the competition area!

Boom!

As soon as Ancestor Xunyun swallowed the spirit bead, his soul power immediately rose, and a strange silver light appeared in both of his eyes, as if it were real.

It was at this moment that Xiao Luan'er had already been killed.

"Old thief! Die!"

boom!

Xiao Luan'er punched directly at the face of Ancestor Xunyun.

That monstrous fist made the bottom of the sea oscillate, and the sea was even more turbulent!

Ancestor Xunyun looked terrified.

In a previous encounter, it had already learned that Xiao Luan's combat power was around 8,000 stars.

And its combat power is only 6,000 stars, and it has just reached the threshold of the fourth level of heaven. Where is Xiao Luan'er's opponent?

However, if it incorporates the soul-fixing bead, then there is a way to deal with Xiao Luan'er.

Boom!

Seeing that the punch was about to fall, a silver light flashed in Xunyun's eyes, and a strange attack was fired.

call out!

That attack was invisible and invisible!

When Xiao Luan'er saw the light in his eyes, he felt bad.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

But before she could react, she felt a tingling pain in her brain, her whole body staggered, and the attack stopped abruptly.

In the next second, a strand of blood flowed out of her nostrils, and her mind was dizzy.

Seeing Xiao Luan'er being recruited, Xunyun's ancestor was overjoyed and was about to take the opportunity to attack Xiao Luan'er.

But at this moment, a white light flashed next to Xiao Luan'er, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

It was Qin Feng who used the space to reverse the summons and rushed over in an instant.

When the ancestor Xunyun saw Qin Feng, his face changed greatly, he turned around and ran away

"Can you escape?"

Qin Feng's figure flashed and he chased after him.

In the blink of an eye, he caught up with Ancestor Xunyun.

Hearing the wind in the back of his head, Ancestor Xunyun looked back and saw Qin Feng chasing after him.

It's terrifying!

Damn it!

This guy is so fast!

But in the next second, a light flashed in his mind!

By the way, although these 16 Qin Fengs are strong, they are only at the prefecture level after all, and their soul strength must be his biggest weakness.

I am afraid that his soul strength has not even reached the first level of heaven.