Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

If so, here's the chance to kill yourself!

Thinking of this, Ancestor Xunyun's eyes lit up, as if he had thought of some wonderful solution.

Roar!

In the next second, it roared lowly, its figure suddenly transformed, and it transformed into its body in an instant.

It was actually a black sea snake with a length of 10,000 feet, one horn on its head, and the shape of a dragon.

Boom!

When Ancestor Xunyun transformed into his main body, his aura suddenly soared, and even his soul power soared a lot.

Transforming beasts enter

The ontology state is their strongest state.

After restoring the body, the snake eyes of the ancestor Xunyun lit up with a strange silver light.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

It will use its strongest state to kill Qin Feng!

Eighth-Order Soul Skill - Soul Extinguishing Eye!

call out!

At that moment, a shadowless and invisible thorn of soul power shot out from the pupil of the old man Xunyun, which instantly penetrated into Qin Feng's pupil and blasted into his sea of ​​consciousness.

The soul-killing pupil condensed a thorn of soul power in an instant, shot it out, and then penetrated the enemy's eyes, slammed into the sea of ​​consciousness, and attacked the opponent's soul body.

Because the thorn of soul power is invisible and invisible, it is a kind of energy condensed by soul power, which can penetrate all protective gear and protective masks, so it is hard to guard against, and it can even be said that it cannot be defended.

In an instant, Qin Feng was hit.

Ancestor Xunyun showed ecstasy in his eyes!

Ha ha!

This earth-level realm boy is dead!

Its soul strength was originally the fourth level of heaven.

After forcibly fused with the soul-fixing bead, its soul body strength was forcibly raised to the fifth level of heaven.

With such a powerful soul body, the power of the soul thorn released can easily defeat the second-level soul body of the sky, and if it can instantly kill a second-level powerhouse of the sky.

In front of this human who is suspected of Qin Feng, although his strength is extremely strong, his realm is only at the ground level, so his soul body will definitely not be very strong.

You must know that the strength of the soul is the most difficult to improve.

The strength of the soul body is often closely related to the level of the realm.

In the eyes of Xunyun ancestors, Qin Feng's soul strength is probably not as strong as the first level of heaven.

Even if there is, it doesn't matter, as long as the strength of the soul body is weaker than the fourth level of the sky, it can severely damage Qin Feng.

boom!

At that moment, the soul thorn hit Qin Feng's soul body.

Qin Feng just frowned slightly, and his face did not fluctuate much.

Under that blow, he just felt like he was bitten by a mosquito, what was the problem.

Even, he felt that the power was not as powerful as the bite of a mosquito.

Ancestor Xunyun was stunned!

Immediately, an unbelievable look appeared in its eyes.

It could see that the strongest soul power attack it issued did not seem to have any effect on Qin Feng.

how can that be? !

If you want the soul body to remain intact under its attack, the strength of its soul body must at least reach the seventh heaven level!

Otherwise, even if the soul body strength of the sixth level of the sky will be slightly dazed.

Could it be that this kid's soul strength has reached the seventh heaven level?

impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

This kid is clearly at the realm of the earth!

Before he could think about it, Qin Feng had already slashed.

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Cut the sky and cut the sea!

"Do not!"

Ancestor Xunyun was horrified.

In panic, it held up a mask.

Swish!

next second!

Knife light falls!

Click!

The mask is broken!

puff!

Long knife into the meat!

The blood poured out and merged into the endless sea.

That knife split the ancestor Xunyun in half!

The huge snake corpse fell to the bottom of the sea, and a dazzling white light flew from it, pouring into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the 63-level Cloud-seeking Snake Ancestor (Imperial-level) successfully, you will get +101.7 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the 63-level Cloud-seeking Snake Ancestor (Imperial-level), you get +30 reputation points. 】

[Killing the 63-level Xunyun Snake Ancestor (Imperial Rank) successfully, a purple diamond baby box exploded. 】

[Killing the 63-level Xunyun Snake Ancestor (Imperial Rank) was successful, and the True Dragon Blood Essence (Middle Grade) was released. 】

[The 63-level Xunyun Snake Ancestor (Imperial Rank) was successfully killed, and the Soul Soul Orb (Eighth Rank) burst out.

Finally beheaded!

Qin Feng is delighted!

Killing this ancestor Xunyun has really gained a lot!

The reputation alone is 30 points, and a purple diamond treasure chest has also exploded, as well as the mid-grade real dragon blood that he desperately needs.

Of course, what he is most satisfied with is the eighth-order soul bead.

At the moment, Qin Feng stepped forward to collect the spoils.

It didn't take long for him to collect the spoils and extract the corpse of Ancestor Xunyun, and he got 100 attributes, which was also a good gain.

After doing this, he put the corpse of the giant snake into the zero-dimensional space.

It was the first time he had obtained the corpse of an emperor-level beast.

This thing is a rare material!

Before, the beast **** he killed was still human in nature, not a vicious beast.

During the divine grade assessment, those emperor-level guardian spirits that were killed had no corpses left behind.

This was done, and he was satisfied.

"dad!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er came over with a pale face.

"Luan'er, how are you?"

Qin Feng looked at the little guy with concern, feeling a little distressed.

"Dad, I'm fine! As long as you rest for half an hour, your soul will recover."

It turned out that Xiao Luan'er was slightly injured by the previous blow.

"Dad, having said that, although the old thing was not strong just now, he mastered the strange soul attack. If the soul is not as strong as it, even if it is stronger than it, it will suffer a lot."

Speaking of which, the little guy is terrified.

Her strength is stronger than Ancestor Xunyun, but after Ancestor Xunyun merged with the fixed soul bead, the strength of her soul body reached the fifth heaven level, but she was stronger than her.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "If I'm not mistaken, the soul skill used by this ancestor Xunyun should be an eighth-order skill, so it is so powerful."

Xiao Luan'er was surprised: "Hey! Eighth-order skill! That's an extremely rare skill, and many Heaven-level seventh-level skills may not be possessed by many. This ancestor Xunyun is only Heaven-level fourth-level, but he actually got an eighth-order skill. ."

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Its skill should be acquired temporarily through the eighth-order spirit bead, the fixed soul bead. If it possesses it, it will not suddenly swallow that spirit bead."

"The eighth-order soul bead? Dad, is that the red spirit bead you just got?"

"yes!"

Xiao Luan'er rejoiced: "Dad, then hurry up and study the soul-fixing bead. Maybe, you can also get that eighth-order skill!"

Generally speaking, if you get an eighth-order skill, your strength will skyrocket.

Just like the ancestor Xunyun just now, once he got the eighth-order soul destroying pupil, he could turn defeat into victory and defeat Xiao Luan'er.

If Qin Feng gets another eighth-order skill, his comprehensive strength will definitely be greatly improved.

In fact, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the soul bead, and he really wants to study it right away, but now is not the time to study it.

He looked up and looked around.

I saw the scattered beasts fleeing everywhere, and some of them escaped more than ten miles away.

The three clones and the army of Long Yuan are desperately chasing them.

However, these beasts are too scattered, and Long Yuan has a small number of people, and the speed under this water is not dominant, and it is not even comparable to some beasts.

Until this moment, 40% of the beasts have not been killed.

The most important thing is that the ferocious beasts were slaughtered actively before.

This time, the ferocious beasts fled everywhere before the battle began, but it became difficult to kill.

"Little guy, now is not the time to study the soul-fixing orb. We have to kill all these beasts quickly. If we don't kill them all, it means that task 437 has not been done thoroughly enough, and the task will not be completed."

"right!"

This reminder, Xiao Luan'er suddenly.

The two knew that they couldn't delay, and they absolutely couldn't let one of those beasts escape.

Otherwise, the mission may fail!

At the moment, the two of them flashed, and they chased and killed those beasts.

With the addition of Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er, the efficiency of slaughtering beasts was greatly increased.

Some beasts that escaped more than a dozen miles away were also caught up by Xiao Luan'er using teleportation, killing them all.

It didn't take long for the beasts in the audience to be slaughtered completely, the blood stained the entire water area, and everyone breathed a sigh of relief...

So far, there are no other forces in District 1, and Longyuan Town has truly unified District 1.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task Announcement: Congratulations to Longyuan Town for completing the task of 'Purification of Xunyungang' (level B difficulty)! 】

[Task reward: Reward all members of Longyuan Town with 5,000 attributes. 】

[Task reward: reward the mayor Qin Feng with 30,000 attributes. 】

[Task reward: In this task, Qin Feng's contribution rate reached 91.7%, his performance was excellent, and an additional 20,000 attribute points were awarded. The total reward is 50,000 attribute points]

[Task reward: reward Longyuan Town with 30,000 points. 】