Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the announcement came out, the audience cheered.

"Haha! Brothers, the mission is complete!"

"Wow! 5000 attribute points! This time I made a lot of money!"

"Also, we got 30,000 points. Our total points are 159,100!"

"Yeah! We have hope for third place!"Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Haha! This is so cool!"

Boom!

At this moment, thousands of beams of light descended from the sky, crossed the bottom of the sea, and landed on everyone.

Among them, the beam of light that fell on Qin Feng was ten times brighter.

Suddenly, the attribute points of everyone in the audience skyrocketed!

In just a moment, everyone gained 5,000 attributes, and Qin Feng gained 50,000 attributes.

It puts him in a good mood!

At this moment, an announcement came from Tiandao...

[Announcement from the competition area: Congratulations to Longyuan Town (challenging force) for completing a B-level mission and obtaining 30,000 points. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, it immediately shocked the entire competition area!

Especially disturbed the Yaotian family.

Chapter 383 Evolution and Transformation! Rewards skyrocket!

At the same time, the Yaotian family was stationed in a courtyard.

Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming are discussing the points competition.

But at this moment, an announcement came from Tiandao, Longyuan Town completed a B-level task and got 30,000 points.

The two of them were shocked and turned to look in the direction of District 1, half speechless.

After a long time, Yao Tianxun came back to his senses and couldn't help talking to himself.

"What's going on? Didn't Yao curse them to go to Area 1? It stands to reason that they should start besieging Longyuan Town. Then why does Longyuan Town still have time to do the task?"

Yao Tianming also said: "Yeah! There's something wrong with this, too! Could it be that Qin Feng's little thief is too cunning. First, he took the people from Long Yuan and evacuated from the headquarters of the Qi clan, and Yao Zhu and others just Throwing away?"

Yao Tianxun nodded slightly: "It's possible! If so, then this matter will be a little troublesome!"

Yao Tianming: "Yeah! The area of ​​No. 1 area is not small, and we don't know the exact location of Longyuan Town. Within this day, Yao Zhu and others wanted to find Longyuan Town, but it was extremely difficult."

Yao Tianxun frowned: "If that's the case! Big trouble! Our Yaotian clan's tenth place can't be guaranteed. By the way, how many points does my clan have now?"

Yao Tianming: "67,000 points!"

"If I remember correctly, Longyuan Town's previous points were 43,600 points, and now it has 30,000 points, which is 73,600 points. The gap between us and them has not only not narrowed, but has widened."

Yao Tianxun's brows furrowed even deeper, and there was anxiety in the depths of his eyes.

Yao Tianming also looked anxious: "Too Shang, this matter must be resolved as soon as possible! The top ten rewards in the initial ranking are just appetizers, and it is not a pity to lose them. But the rewards of this first round of competition are the big ones!"

"If I can't even keep the second-class rewards, there will be little chance for the next Shinto battle. You must know that in the competition between the first two worlds, no true **** has been born in my family."

"This is the last chance for my clan. If this time, the true **** has not been born, my clan will be reduced to a guardian force, and even the possibility of being exterminated."

Hearing this, Yao Tianxun looked gloomy: "You are right! It seems that this time you and I are going to go out in person. Just relying on Yao to curse them, I'm afraid it will be difficult to find Longyuan Town."

Yao Tianming's face changed slightly: "Tai Shang, are you going to take action yourself?"

"Well, this matter cannot be delayed!"

"What about the points competition within the clan?"

"Let Tianchen take care of it! You and the deity go to Area 1 together!"

The Tianchen in Yao Tianxun's mouth is Yao Tianchen, another supreme elder of the Yao clan!

"Alright! This matter really should be done sooner rather than later!"

"That's the arrangement! By the way, I don't know what's going on on Yaozhu's side?"

"The distance is too far, and the communication jade can't be contacted. If I want to know their situation, I can only enter the No. 1 area."

Up to now, they still thought that Yaocuo and others were still alive.

They don't even know that Longyuan Town's points have reached 159,100 points.

"Speaking of which, Longyuan Town is really lucky! It takes a lot of luck to get a quest. Like our Yaotian family, they didn't get a B-level quest, but they got it."

Yao Tianxun's tone was a little sour, and he was actually jealous.

Yao Tianming also sighed: "Yeah! Longyuan Town is really lucky. Because of this, we have to get rid of them quickly. Otherwise, we really can't keep the tenth place."

"Well, the deity will arrange it now!"

At the moment, Yao Tianxun took out the communication symbol and gave Yao Tianchen an instruction to let Yao Tianchen temporarily manage the overall situation of the points competition.

He and Yao Tianming were going to go to Area 1 in person to deal with Qin Feng and Longyuan Town.

After finishing these trivial matters, the two hurriedly left the courtyard.

Their actions alarmed the Yaotian family, and at the same time heaved a sigh of relief.

Yao Tianxun is a peak powerhouse at the eighth level of heaven.

Yao Tianming is an eighth-level powerhouse.

With these two people personally taking action, the hidden dangers of Longyuan Town should be completely eliminated...

At the same moment, Xunyungang, on the battlefield.

Everyone in Long Yuan cheered excitedly.

"5000 attribute points! Really rewarded 5000 attribute points!"

"Haha! Developed! This time, we are all developed!"

"B-rank public missions are cool! If only I could do it a few more times!"

"Brother, it's up to chance to take the task, it's not what you want, you can have it."

"By the way, isn't there another A-level mission in our town? It's to destroy the Yaotian family!"

"Brother, the Yaotian family has a ninth-level powerhouse in charge. With our current strength, we can't destroy it at all."

"Everyone, don't go so far! Now that the attribute points are in hand, if you don't add them at this time, when will you wait?"

"Yes! Hurry up and add more! Now strength is the most important thing!"

"Haha! I'm already adding points!"

"You are too slow! My points are almost finished! Haha!"

At this moment, there was laughter in the field.

Everyone opened the panel one after another and scrambled to add points.

Seeing that everyone was happy, Qin Feng was in a good mood, and he was ready to open the panel and start adding something to himself...

At this moment, as soon as Xiao Luan'er beside him finished adding points, a dazzling red light lit up all over his body...

Boom!

Immediately afterwards, there was a faint roar from Xiao Luan'er's body.

The little guy almost entered a state of epiphany and closed his eyes involuntarily.

In the next second, Xiao Luan'er's momentum skyrocketed...

[Congratulations to the host, your pet has entered a state of epiphany and is in the process of evolution...]

what!

Xiao Luan'er is about to change again.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he looked at Xiao Luan'er in surprise...

This should be Xiao Luan'er's second transformation.

In the last transformation, Xiao Luan'er was promoted from the top-grade foundation building to the top-grade foundation building.

So what will change this time?

Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Having said that, spirit beasts are different from humans.

Once a human being has successfully established a foundation, the rank of the foundation cannot be changed.

Spirit beast pets can be transformed through evolution to improve the rank of foundation building

In this way, the aura on Xiao Luan'er became more and more dazzling, and her breath became stronger and stronger.

It lasted for a full quarter of an hour before the aura on Xiao Luan'er gradually dissipated.

At this moment, Qin Feng's mind came to Tiandao's reminder...

[Congratulations to the host, your pet has successfully evolved from the emperor level to the supreme level, and its basic combat power has greatly increased...]

[Congratulations to the host, your pet has successfully evolved, and its foundation-building rank has been promoted to the lower-level god-level foundation building...]

[Congratulations to the host, your pet has successfully evolved, and its soul body strength has been promoted to the fifth level of heaven...]

At the same moment, Xiao Luan'er also slowly opened his eyes, full of ecstasy.

The next second, she ran over excitedly.

"Dad! Dad! I've evolved again!"

The little guy is proud of his performance.

"Not bad!"

Qin Feng fondly touched her little head and looked at her carefully.

[Battle pet]: Huo Luan (transformed)

[Level]: Level 28 (Supreme Level)

[Boundary]: Earth Level (Lower God Grade Foundation)

[Talent]: Law of Light (A-level), Law of Fire (A-level), Space Control (A-level), A-level bloodline talent (Suzaku)

[Combat Strength]: 9000 stars

After reading this, Qin Feng was greatly relieved.

The little guy's current basic combat power is 9000 stars, and the power of the lower-level gods' foundation building is 1000 stars.

In this way, the comprehensive combat power of the little guy is just 10,000 stars, that is, he has entered the fifth level of heaven.

Xiao Luan'er's strength will increase greatly, and the combat power of the two psychics will increase greatly, which will be of great help to Qin Feng.

"Little guy, how's your soul injury?"

Qin Feng asked again with concern.

"Dad, when I evolved just now, the injury of my soul body was automatically repaired, and it also increased the strength of my soul body."

Xiao Luan said happily.

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief: "That's good! Dad should add some more!"

Having said that, he is ready to open the panel to add points.

At this moment, a series of Heavenly Dao reminders came again.

[Reminder: Your townsman Wu Bin's combat power has reached 200 stars, and you have received 100 attribute points back. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Liu Yanyan's combat power has reached 200 stars, and you have received 100 attribute points back. 】

[Reminder: Your town resident Li Xianhu has reached 200 stars in combat power, and you have received 100 attribute points back. 】

 …