Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Qin Feng's body continued to light up with white light, one after another, making people dizzy.

At the same time, his momentum has skyrocketed wildly all the way, which is jaw-dropping!

It turned out that all the subordinates had finished adding points, and they all broke the 200-star combat power at once...

Qin Feng suddenly ushered in the biggest wave of attribute feedback...

Swish! Swish! Swish!

[Reminder: Your townsman Chen Ming's combat power has reached 200 stars, and you have received 100 attribute points back. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Hu Xiaohua's combat power has reached 200 stars, and you have gained 100 attribute points back. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Wang Long's combat power has reached 200 stars, and you have received 100 attribute points back. 】

 …

One after another, the power of feeding back came frantically!

The attribute points obtained by Qin Feng have skyrocketed!

He immediately closed his eyes happily, enjoying the feedback from everyone...

It lasted for a full quarter of an hour, and the light of those feeding back gradually stopped, and Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have received a 200-star feedback, which has reached the upper limit of the number of people. 】

it is finally over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes comfortably.

I don't know how many attribute points he will accumulate after this large-scale backfeeding?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to open the panel.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: It has been detected that the number of your sites has reached eleven, and you have obtained the feedback permission to exceed 500 stars. 】

[Reminder: Now open the 500-star feedback permission... Open successfully! 】

[Reminder: The maximum number of times of 500-star feedback is 2000 times! 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Liu Xuan's combat power has reached 500 stars, and you have received 200 attribute points back. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Qishan's combat power has reached 500 stars, and you have received 200 attribute points back. 】𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

[Reminder: Your town citizen Lei Jue's combat power has reached 500 stars, and you have received 200 attribute points back. 】

Another wave of backfeeding is coming!

This time, there were eleven feedbacks.

Qin Feng's subordinates have eleven people, and their combat power exceeds 500 stars.

Then these eleven people have the possibility to obtain the top-grade foundation building!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was greatly relieved.

From this point of view, it might be impossible for him to make the disciples of Long Yuan look like dragons.

In the future, it is not impossible for him to turn Longyuan into a holy place, or even a divine realm.

However, those are far away.

He is looking at his harvest.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't wait to open his panel...

[Level]: Level 34 97.64%

[Reputation]: 996 points (novice supreme)

[Boundary]: Earth-level (high-level god-grade foundation building, additional 50%)

[Combat Strength]: 33,000 stars

[Free attribute]: 143700 points.

good! good!

The attribute points have accumulated to more than 143,000 points!

This is definitely a huge gain!

Qin Feng was surprised!

Chapter 384 The powerhouse is coming, and the upgrade is in sight!

In addition, Qin Feng's reputation value has also reached 996 points, which is only 4 points away from 1000 points.

This time, he killed a lot of king beasts, but the king beast of the same species, only the one killed first will provide prestige, otherwise his prestige will be more.

Also, his level has reached level 34, 97.64%, which is not far from level 35.

This time the harvest is too big!

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't think about it anymore, and just added some to himself...

After a while, he added all the more than 143,000 attributes, and the combat power soared to 35,700 stars in one fell swoop.

If he adds the power of building the foundation, his comprehensive combat power will reach 41,700 stars in one fell swoop, just entering the early stage of the eighth level of heaven.

The eighth level of heaven!

He finally reached it!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Although his comprehensive combat power is only in the early stage of the eighth level, he has mastered a variety of S-level talents and eighth-level skills, and his comprehensive strength should be comparable to the middle stage of the eighth level.

As for facing the peak of the eighth level of heaven, he doesn't have much confidence.

In fact, the powerhouses of the eighth-level peak of the sky often also mastered the S-level talents and eighth-level skills, and none of them can be underestimated.

However, Qin Feng still has an advantage.

That is the number of S-rank talents he has mastered, which is far more than those of the eighth-level powerhouse and the ninth-level powerhouse.

The endless extraction of SSS level has laid an extremely solid foundation for him, making him extremely comprehensive, with all-encompassing talents and abilities, and almost no flaws.

At this point, even the demigod realm can't compare to him.

"Owner!"

"Boss!"

At this moment, Qiyue, Liu Xuan, Longshan and other high-level officials came over.

Qin Feng looked at the crowd for a moment, and then showed relief again.

Unconsciously, Qiyue has risen to level 24, and her basic combat power has reached 3000 stars.

If coupled with the best foundation building power, her comprehensive combat power is 3500 stars, just entering the second level of heaven.

Looking at Liu Xuan's combat power has reached 540 stars, Qi Yun, Longshan, Wu Yong and others have also entered the threshold of 500 stars.

With such combat power, if you participate in the Holy Martial Examination, there is a 50% chance of getting the chance to build a high-grade foundation.

"Master, the power of Xunyungang has been destroyed! Our Longyuan Town has completely unified this area!"

At this moment, Qi Yue looked excited.

Liu Xuan smiled and said, "Yeah! Now that there is no opponent in Zone 1, even if we want to earn points, there is no way out."

890 Wu Yong also smiled and said, "There are still ten hours before the end of the first round of points competition. If we really want to earn more points, we can only go to the second area."

Longshan shook his head: "It's too late to go to the No. 2 area. Besides, we don't know the situation in the No. 2 area."

Qiyun nodded: "That's right! In fact, our points have reached 159,100 points. As long as the Xinggu clan does not receive A-level tasks, it is unlikely that they want to surpass us. In my opinion, we can almost win. Third place."

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at each other and smiled, and their expressions were very optimistic.

"Everyone, don't be too optimistic! Let's not talk about whether our points can surpass the Xinggu Clan. The threat of the Yaotian Clan is coming soon!"

Qin Feng sighed and looked towards the Yuan clan's residence.

All the executives were surprised.

Qiyue hurriedly asked, "Master, how do you say this?"

Qin Feng said in a low voice: "In this first round of points competition, we have always aimed at the Xinggu Clan. Why didn't the Yaotian Clan aim at us? They also want to destroy us and take back the tenth place."

"Just now, we won a B-level mission and got 30,000 points. The entire competition area heard the announcement. The Yaotian family will definitely be shocked, and they will definitely take action."

As soon as these words fell, everyone was stunned!

"Yeah! Why didn't I think of it? The master is smart!"

"The boss is really thoughtful!"

"Boss, will the Yao clan continue to send strong people over? They shouldn't know that the group of people before them were killed, right?"

Qin Feng sneered: "Whether they know it or not, they will definitely panic. In their opinion, the last time they sent two peak seven powerhouses, they failed to prevent our points from skyrocketing. Then this time they will send more The strong masters are here!"

Liu Xuan was shocked: "Boss, do you mean that they will send the eighth level of heaven?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It's very possible! Before, we got some useful information from their storage ring. There are seven Supreme Elders in the Yao clan, and I killed two seven-level peaks before, which is one of them. two people."

"Of the remaining five Supreme Elders, two are at the seventh level of the sky, two are at the eighth level, and one is at the peak of the eighth level of the sky."

"If they only send the eighth level this time, I won't worry. If they send the eighth peak, it will be a little troublesome."

Hearing this, Liu Xuan and others' faces changed slightly.

The peak of the eighth level of heaven!

That combat power is generally around 60,000 stars!

At the peak of the eighth level, they often master S-level talents and eighth-level skills.

If the Yaotian family really sent the eighth-level peak powerhouse to come, Longyuan Town would be in trouble.

"Boss, with your current strength, do you have a chance of winning against the eighth peak?"

Liu Xuan asked in a low voice.

All the high-level officials also looked at Qin Feng, with anticipation in their eyes.

Qin Feng thought for a while and said, "I haven't played against the peak of the eighth level, so some things are hard to say. If my prediction is good, after Xiao Luan'er and I get together, the winning rate should be 55 to 50% against the peak of the eighth level!"

call!

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief!

Five to five!

That's half and half!

The boss is at the prefecture-level realm, and it is already extremely remarkable to be able to stick to the eighth-level peak.

In fact, they were worried before whether Qin Feng could have a 30% win rate.

Now, Qin Feng said about 50%, which has already made them very satisfied.

Qin Feng continued: "In short, the hidden danger is coming. Before the strong Yao clan arrives, we have to improve some strengths and increase some strengths."

Qi Yue was worried: "Master, now this area is unified by us. It may be difficult for you to improve your strength. Unless we enter the second area, it is too late."

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Have you forgotten that our Longyuan Town will be upgraded to level 6 soon. I'll go to create a Lingquan Well and upgrade Longyuan Town. In this way, Longyuan's strength will increase greatly."

Liu Xuan was overjoyed: "This is great! I'm already level 20, and I don't dare to upgrade now. Originally, I planned to wait for the first round of competition to end, and then go to participate in the Shengwu assessment, but I was worried that I wouldn't be able to pass the top grade building. Basic examination."

"If the boss can upgrade Longyuan Town and my strength can skyrocket by a lot, then the probability of passing the top-grade assessment will be even greater."

Longshan also said excitedly: "My situation is similar! If the boss can upgrade Longyuan Town, I can also hope to complete the top-grade foundation building."

Wu Yong also said: "Everyone, the benefits of upgrading Longyuan Town are not just rewards from heaven. When Longyuan Town reaches level 6, our wooden house can be upgraded to level 7."

"At that time, we will upgrade the wooden house to level 7, and we will get a lot of attribute rewards! When we get this reward, then we go to participate in the foundation building assessment, and the probability of getting a high-grade foundation building is more likely."

Liu Xuan's eyes lit up: "Yes! If I do this, the possibility of me getting a top-grade foundation building can reach more than 70%."

"Wow! The odds are so high! Boss, you must hurry up and upgrade Longyuan Town!"

"Yes! Boss, I can't wait!"