Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Liu Xuan and others looking forward to it, Qin Feng smiled.

He is also looking forward to upgrading Longyuan Town as soon as possible.

In this way, a group of townspeople with a star rating of 500 can be created, and he can get a lot of attribute feedback, thus enhancing his combat power.

In this way, his winning rate against the eighth-level peak of the heaven-level will be even greater.

At this time, Qiyue also said: "Master, my grandfather once said that when the challenge force completes the village upgrade during the competition, it can get a lot of points. If it is a town, it will get more points."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Elder Qishan mentioned this, I will try it out in a while!"

Liu Xuan and others were even more delighted.

"It turns out that there are still points for upgrading the town!"

"This is killing two birds with one stone!"

"I wonder if the reward will be 10,000 points?"

"If there is, our total points can reach 169,100 points. At that time, even if the Xinggu clan completes an A-level task, it will be surpassed by us."

Seeing what everyone was looking forward to, Qin Feng knew that it was time to upgrade Longyuan Town.

At the moment, he turned his head to look at the battlefield, and saw that the three avatars had already cleaned up the bodies of those emperor beasts and king beasts, and dozens of treasure chests had also been obtained.

This time, he harvested a lot.

At the moment, he looked to the top.

"After you have cleared the battlefield, hurry back to the Yuan clan headquarters to be stationed! If someone from the Yaotian clan attacks, they will definitely go to the Yuan clan station first."

"Yes!"

All the high-level leaders took orders.

Today, District 1 has been unified.

The entire No. 1 has become the territory of Longyuan Town.

This territory is surrounded by the sea on three sides, and only the resident of the Yuan clan borders the sphere of influence of the No. 2 area.

That is to say, the residence of the Yuan clan has become the frontier of the Longyuan territory.

In the future, the major stations in Longyuan Town will only need to be stationed by a few people.

The Yuan clan station is the only place in Longyuan Town that needs to be heavily guarded.

After arranging those trivial matters, Qin Feng put away the three avatars and left in a hurry...

Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, Liu Xuan and others led Long Yuan's army to continue to clear the battlefield.

There are hundreds of thousands of corpses of beasts in the field, and those are all resources. If they have to clean up, it will naturally take some time...

Not long after Qin Feng left Xunyungang, something was happening in the No. 2 area, which was tens of thousands of miles away.

No. 2 is different from No. 1, and there are constant disputes.

There are only three guardian forces in the second area, all of which are vassal forces of the Yaotian family.

You must know that the mysterious forces are powerful and sparsely populated.

In order to expand their influence and solve the problem of insufficient population, mysterious forces will cultivate vassal forces in major regions.

This No. 2 area is the most successful area for the Yao people to develop.

Today, there are only three guardian forces left in the No. 2 area, all of which are vassals of the Yaotian family.

As for the challenge forces, they were all wiped out by the Yaotian clan by means of prestige challenges as early as a day ago.

At this time, in the second area, in the Wind Clan resident.

The teleportation formation in the corner of the square suddenly lit up.

In the next second, two figures appeared in the great formation, it was Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming.

Several Wind Clan disciples who were guarding the big formation recognized the two at a glance, and came forward to meet them in fear.

"I've waited to see the two honorables!"

"Your Majesty, I will report to the patriarch and ask him to receive the two of you."

Several Wind Clan disciples said respectfully.

"No! I'm just passing by!"

Yao Tianming quickly stopped him.

"Let's go!"

Yao Tianxun was even more lazy to speak.

As soon as the voice fell, he rose into the air and flew directly towards Area 1.

Yao Tianming followed closely behind.

It turned out that there was a teleportation array connecting the Wind Clan resident in the No. 2 area and Yunzhou Island.

This shows that the relationship between the two parties is very close.

If the Yao clan children want to go to the No. 1 area, they usually go to the Wind Clan residence first, and then fly to the No. 1 area.

From Wind Clan to Area 1, you need to cross a jungle area that stretches for millions of miles before entering Area 1.

On the other side of the jungle, is the realm of the Yuan clan.

At the speed of Yao Tianxun and the two of them, it only takes one or two hours to cross the jungle and rush to the Yuan clan station...

In just a moment, the two figures of Yao Tianxun disappeared from the eyes of those Wind Clan disciples...

"The direction that the two honored people are going up seems to be District 1!"

"They should have gone for Longyuan Town!"

"Yeah! The limelight in Longyuan Town is a bit strong recently!"

"For a challenging force, to be able to take the tenth place in the initial ranking, it is indeed somewhat capable!"

Several Wind Clan disciples sighed.

One of the middle-aged men sneered: "So what? No matter how strong they are, they won't survive today. The Yao clan will not let them go. This time, even the two venerables are out!"

"That's right! Previously, Yao Zhu and Yao Yun were also rushed over. That Longyuan Town is in danger!"

"Haha! A new challenger force, I don't know how to keep a low profile, but blindly behave in various ways, I really think it's amazing. But I don't think that it is a precursor to their demise!"

"Seventh brother is right! Longyuan Town will be destroyed, and that's self-defeating!"

"Challenging forces and us are natural enemies, it would be better if Longyuan Town was destroyed."

"Hey! I thought so too!"

"Everyone, I bet! After this first round of competition, the name of Longyuan Town will disappear completely."

As soon as these words fell, several Wind Clan disciples looked at each other with knowing smiles.

Long Yuanzhen's performance this time was too eye-catching, making the Wind Clan disciples jealous.

Right now, they saw that the powerful Yao people rushed to the No. 1 area, knowing that they were up to destroy Longyuan Town.

They were schadenfreude!

In their opinion, even if Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming didn't come, Yao Zhu and others could destroy Longyuan Town.

Coupled with these two people going, the speed of destroying Longyuan Town will be faster.

They didn't know that Qin Feng had already killed Yao Zhu and others, and unified District 1.

In the next step, the expansion of Longyuan Town's power will be the second area, the third area, and even the old nest of the Yaotian family.

Chapter 385 Longyuan upgrades again! Blast of rewards!

Just when Yao Tianxun and the two were coming to Area 1, Qin Feng's figure appeared at the Xiaozu station.

At this moment, he opened the mayor's operation interface, entered the creation channel, and found the Lingquan Well option.

【Construction conditions of Lingquan Well】

[200 units of stone (level 0 resources)]

[10 units of fine wood (Tier 1 resource)]

[10 units of fine iron (Tier 1 resource)]

[1 tidal crystal (level 5 resource)]

After reading this, Qin Feng smiled.

All materials are readily available in Longyuan Town.

With more than 60,000 prisoners mining resources, Longyuan Town has too many resources such as stone, fine wood, and fine iron to be used up.

Immediately, he adjusted the resources from the resource library and pressed 'one-click creation'

Boom!

Suddenly, the earth shook.

In a corner of the square, the ground sank.

After a while, a brand new Lingquan well was formed, and it was equipped with reels and wooden barrels, which looked very good...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', the address is located in the residence of the Xiaozu.... Mayor Qin Feng received 1000 attribute points reward]

nice!

Building a Lingquan Well has 1000 attribute rewards!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This is a nice catch!

It's a pity that only one Lingquan Well can be built in a station, otherwise he wouldn't mind building several more in a station.

However, such a reward is already very good.

"Go ahead! There are ten more stations!"

Qin Feng looked expectant.

Then, he walked to the side and left in the teleportation array...

Not long after, Longyuan Town heard a new announcement again.

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', the address is located in the residence of the Hui people.... Mayor Qin Feng received 1000 attribute points reward]

In this way, Qin Feng began to build Lingquan Wells one station after another...

At the same time, the Yuan clan was stationed.

The disciples of Long Yuan who stayed behind all surrounded the four clones with excitement.

Not long ago, Qin Feng's three avatars rushed back to the Yuan family station.

At this time, the phantom avatar was ordering something.

"Boss, are you going to District 2?"

In the crowd, Liu Yuan was a little surprised.

The Mirage clone looked at the sky in the distance, and it was already evening.

In eight hours, the first round will be over.

But eight hours is not a short time, they can't waste it!

Therefore, Qin Feng plans to send a clone to go to the No. 2 area to explore the road first, to see if there is any chance to earn points.

After all, this is a points competition, and any opportunity to earn points should not be wasted, nor should any extra time be wasted.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Besides, other forces are still working hard, Longyuan Town cannot become a rabbit in the tortoise and hare race.

If you slack off and are overtaken by others, it will not be worth it.

Immediately, the Mirage clone said: "This station is left behind by the Wood Spirit clone. Me, the Moon Spirit clone, and the Bingling clone will go to the No. 2 area to explore the road to see if there is any chance to earn points."

"If there is an attack here, we can use the reverse summon and come back in an instant. So, you don't have to worry."