Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone suddenly felt that the Mirage clone made sense.

In this way, after making some arrangements, the Mirage clone flew directly to the second area with the Moon Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone...

At the same time, Qin Feng continued to create Longquanjing.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Xiao Luan'er, Qi Yue and others have already cleared the Xunyungang battlefield.

Long Yuan's army has returned to the Yuan clan's station and stationed again.

And Qin Feng also returned to the Yuan family station.

At this time, he was creating the last Longquan Well…

Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, Liu Xuan and other high-level executives were all on the side, looking expectantly.

At this moment, Qin Feng pressed 'one key to create'...

Boom!

Suddenly, the entire square shook.

The ground ahead slowly sank.

After a while, a brand new Lingquan Well was formed...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', and the address is located at the residence of the Yuan clan.... Mayor Qin Feng received 1000 attribute points as a reward]

good!

Got another 1000 attribute bonus.

So far, Qin Feng has accumulated 11,000 attribute rewards, which is quite a lot.

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Longyuan Town Announcement: The Lingquan Well in Longyuan Town has been fully configured and has reached the level 6 town standard. 】

As soon as this reminder came, Xiao Luan'er and others showed their joy.

"Dad! Our town can finally be upgraded!"

"Yes! Master! My door can be upgraded!"

"Boss, upgrade now!"

Liu Xuan and others looked at Qin Feng expectantly.

Not far away, the townspeople also looked at Qin Feng eagerly.

At this moment, the whole town is full of expectations.

Qin Feng smiled, switched to the town upgrade channel, and pressed a button to upgrade...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng has upgraded Longyuan Town…]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: The upgrade was successful! Longyuan Town has been upgraded from a level 5 town to a level 6 town…]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Congratulations to all the townspeople, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 3200 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng, you will be blessed by Heaven and get 6400 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 6, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 8. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 6, and the villagers have the permission to upgrade to level 7 wooden houses. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 6, and the population cap was raised to 1 million. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 6, and the upper limit of the teleportation array has been increased to 200. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 6, and the life occupation has opened level 5 permission. 】Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 6, and the title authorization function is enabled. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 6, and the creation authority of the guardian altar (middle grade) has been opened. 】

As soon as these announcements were made, the audience burst into earth-shattering cheers!

Ha ha!

The long-awaited upgrade of Longyuan Town has finally been completed!

Boom!

Just then, the sky shook.

hum! hum! hum!

Immediately afterwards, one after another reward beams of light descended from the sky and fell on everyone.

In the next second, the attribute points of the townspeople skyrocketed, each by 3200 points.

Qin Feng has increased by 6400 points!

Such a generous reward makes everyone elated...

Qin Feng is also in a good mood.

He had previously obtained 11,000 attribute points, plus the current 6,400 points, a total of 17,400 attribute rewards.

However, the rewards are not over yet!

Qin Feng switched to the wooden house channel again, took out the materials that had been prepared a long time ago, and pressed a button to upgrade...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng has successfully upgraded his wooden house to level 8, and Mayor Qin Feng has received 6400 attribute rewards. 】

This information has only been announced, and there are new announcements listed one by one...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Town resident Xiao Luan'er successfully upgraded to level 7 wooden house, and Xiao Luan'er received 3200 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Qiyue, a town resident, successfully upgraded to level 7, and Qiyue received 3,200 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Town resident Liu Xuan successfully upgraded to level 7 wooden house, and Liu Xuan received 3200 attribute rewards. 】

 …

At this moment, hundreds of people have completed the upgrade of wooden houses, all of them are upgraded to level 7 wooden houses.

Suddenly, the attribute points of Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and others have skyrocketed again...

These high-level officials have already prepared resources, and they will upgrade their wooden houses immediately after Longyuan Town is upgraded.

Today's Longyuan Town does not lack basic resources.

As for the dark shining stone resources of the 8th-level wooden house, and the luminous stone resources of the 7th-level wooden house, a large amount of inventory has been mined early.

This allows everyone to upgrade their wooden houses in an instant.

At this point, the attributes of everyone in Long Yuan have risen sharply, and they are all very happy.

"Haha! Brothers, I have accumulated 6400 attribute rewards, which is more than the previous B-level quest rewards!"

"Haha! I also have 6400 points! It's so cool!"

"Add some! Add some! Hurry up and add some!"

"Haha! That's how it should be!"

Everyone laughed and opened the panels one by one impatiently, and began to add points.

That scene is like a joy after a big harvest!

While enjoying the happy atmosphere of the audience, Qin Feng checked the changes of Longyuan Town after the upgrade.

Finally, his eyes fell on the last message...

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 6, and the creation authority of the guardian altar (middle grade) has been opened. 】

[Guarding the altar (middle grade): The protection ability is twice as strong as that of the low-grade guarding altar. Invincible state can be used to resist two consecutive attacks from powerful enemies. 】

what!

This is not bad!

Qin Feng was surprised.

You must know that the guardian altars of the major stations in Longyuan Town are all inferior altars.

You can only use the invincible state to resist an enemy attack.

In fact, such protection has hidden dangers.

If the enemy's attack speed is too fast and he can't get back in time, it will be very dangerous to the station.

And this middle grade altar is different, it can use invincible state to resist two attacks.

That is equivalent to doubling the invincible defense time!

good! good!

At present, this middle-grade guardian altar is the most needed public building in Longyuan Town.

00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the creation page and checked the creation conditions.

[Conditions for the creation of the guardian altar (middle grade)]

[One Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)]

【50 units of stone】

[50 units of fine iron]

【20 units of fine wood】

[1 unit of royal-level vicious beast bones]

After reading this, Qin Feng laughed.

It seems that the most critical material for low-level guarding the altar and upgrading to mid-level is the bones of the emperor-level fierce beast.

Coincidentally, he happened to have one in his hand, the corpse of Xunyun Snake Ancestor (Xunyun Old Ancestor) who was beheaded not long ago.

In fact, the bones of the snake ancestor, the clone has been dealt with long ago, there are a total of seventeen units, enough for him to use.

"It's really good luck! If you really need something, just extract it and have it."

Qin Feng smiled and pressed a button to upgrade happily...

Boom!

Suddenly, the guardian altar not far away lit up with dazzling light and made a rumbling roar.

The whole square is shaking!

At the same time, the altar slowly rose and slowly expanded around...

After a while, the upgrade of the guardian altar was completed, and it became a whole circle.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng has successfully promoted the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is located at the residence of the Yuan clan.... Mayor Qin Feng received 2000 attribute points reward]

what!

2000 Attribute Rewards!

Qin Feng was surprised!

Ha ha!

It's time to make big profits again!

He also has the bones of the emperor-level fierce beast in his hand, and the guardian altars of the other ten stations can all be upgraded.

If you do this, you can get 20,000 attribute points!

Qin Feng just had this idea, and Tiandao sent another reminder

[Announcement from the competition area: Congratulations to Longyuan Town for its successful promotion to level 6 and a reward of 10,000 points (challenge power privilege). 】

boom!