Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the news came out, there was an earth-shattering cheers from the audience!

"God! Points reward! There are really point rewards!"

"10,000 points! It's cool! It's really cool!"

"Haha! This time, even if the Xinggu Clan completes an A-level mission, they will be surpassed by us!"

"Awesome! Guys! I'm so excited! Haha!"

At this moment, the audience is extremely excited!

Qin Feng was also very excited.

At the same time, the announcement that Longyuan Town had scored another 10,000 points resounded throughout the competition area and alarmed all the forces.

This naturally also alarmed Yao Tianxun and the two of them.

The 386th chapter of the gambling challenge, the benefits are delivered to the door!

At this moment, in the sky above an ancient tree that stretches for millions of miles.

Yao Tianxun was stunned!

Just now, he heard the Heavenly Dao announcement that Longyuan Town has been upgraded and got another 10,000 points!

what happened?

What are they doing?

Even if they can't find the Longyuan Town station, they should start the Yuan Clan, Xiao Clan, Ye Clan, Hui Clan, and Stone Clan to search for the location of Longyuan Town!

As long as the children of these five clans are fully spread out, the scope of activities in Longyuan Town will be greatly compressed.

If this compression continues, the speed at which they collect resources will drop significantly, and there will be no possibility of upgrading!

What the **** are they doing?

Even this trivial matter can't be handled well, yet it still allows Longyuan Town to continue to develop!

Yao Tianxun was very annoyed!

Until this moment, he didn't realize that Yaozhu and the others and the five clan guardian forces had all been killed by Qin Feng!

"Shang Shang, the situation is not good! Longyuan Town has another 10,000 points! With this calculation, they have at least 83,600 points. According to this score, according to the past, there is a 90% probability of entering the top ten."

At this time, Yao Tianming muttered something.

His expression was extremely distressed.

In fact, he didn't say a word.

So far, their Yaotian family has only scored 69,700 points.

According to this progress, even if the Yaotian clan tried their best to catch up, they would not be able to catch up with Longyuan Town.

They had estimated before that by the end of the first round, the Yaotian family could get a maximum of 80,000 points, but Longyuan Town has now exceeded 80,000 points.

Yao Tianxun also frowned.

He could hear Yao Tianming's anxiety.

In fact, he was extremely anxious!

But then, he smiled coldly: "What are you afraid of?! Although from the current situation, we have little chance of catching up with Longyuan Town."

"But as long as we kill Qin Feng and seize the land deed card of Longyuan Town in the next time, we can instantly clear the points of Longyuan Town. Instead, we can get a lot of points!"

Yao Tianming's eyes lit up: "Yes! That Qin Feng is the mayor of Longyuan Town! As long as he is killed, all problems will be solved."

"That said, it doesn't make much sense for Longyuan Town to get more points! Unless Qin Feng can survive our pursuit!"

Yao Tianxun nodded: "Exactly!"

Then, he looked up at the sky again: "The sun is about to set! There are only more than seven hours left."

Yao Tianming also looked at the sunset on the horizon, and his face showed anxiety again.

"Shang Shang, time is running out now! When it's dark, we want to find Qin Feng, and the difficulty will increase greatly. It's strange! What are they doing? It stands to reason that they should be able to reply to us at this time! "

Yao Tianming's tone was full of complaints.

Yao Tianxun also sighed: "It seems that those useless things can't be counted on. Now, I have to do something special!"

As soon as the words fell, Yao Tianxun took out a divine card from the storage ring, which was covered with golden divine patterns.

"Prestige Challenge Card! Your Excellency, you are..."

Yao Tianming recognized the divine card at a glance.

That's the Prestige Challenge Card!

"Betting! This deity is going to bet against Qin Feng one-on-one. Isn't that kid with a high reputation? Let's see if he dares to take up this deity's challenge this time!"

Yao Tianxun smiled coldly, and was about to break his fingers and blood clot.

Yao Tianming stopped and said: "Too good! This heads-up bet is not a mandatory bet. It needs the consent of the other party to be effective. If Qin Feng does not agree, your divine card will be wasted in vain. "

It turns out that once the prestige challenge card is activated, it cannot be undone.

Regardless of whether the opponent agrees or not, the reputation challenge card will be consumed.

And the prestige challenge card is an extremely precious rare item!

Yao Tianxun said coldly: "How do you know if you don't try? What if that kid agrees? Even if you don't agree, you will only lose one divine card at most! And we are running out of time, so we can't hesitate any longer!"

Yao Tianming sighed helplessly: "Yes! That can only be the case!"

At the moment, he is not obstructing.

Yao Tianxun directly dripped blood into the card and officially activated the gambling card.

Afterwards, he chose the gambling mode, set the gambling conditions, and sent a gambling application directly to Qin Feng...

At the same time, the Yuan clan was stationed.

Qin Feng has just received 2000 attribute rewards and is in a good mood...

But at this moment, a series of prompts came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: Your town resident Li Ying has reached 500 stars, and you have received 200 attribute points back. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Qi Jie's combat power has reached 500 stars, and you have received 200 attribute points back. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Qi Yuanding has reached 500 stars in combat power, and you have received 200 attribute points back. 】

...

At this moment, Qin Feng's body constantly lit up with white light.

One after another, the power of feeding back came frantically!

The attribute points he obtained were soaring all the way up!

It turned out that those subordinates were all done.

This time, a large number of townspeople with combat power exceeding 500 stars emerged.

Qin Feng was overjoyed and couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the feedback from everyone...

After a while, the feed back ends.

He actually got fifty-three feedbacks and gained 10,600 attributes.

In other words, there are 53 more people in Longyuan Town whose combat power has exceeded 500 stars.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

These 53 people also have the possibility of obtaining a high-grade foundation!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and looked at the audience.

At this moment, his eyes were full of relief.

At this point, all the townspeople added points to the end.

Qin Feng looked around, even Li Xianyue, the weakest, had a combat power of 270 stars, and most of them were around 400 stars.

There are already 64 people with more than 500 stars.

Liu Xuan, Qishan, Lei Jue, Longshan, and Wu Yong had more than 600 stars in combat power, and the possibility of winning the top-grade foundation was more than 70%.

As for those with a combat power of 400 stars, the possibility of winning the mid-level foundation building is very high.

In short, even if Li Xianyue, the weakest, won a low-rank foundation building, it would be absolutely fine.

good! good!

Looking at this situation, everyone in my Longyuan Town can be promoted to the prefecture-level realm!

Qin Feng's eyes were full of joy.

You must know that in the heavens and the world, not everyone can be promoted to the earth-level realm.

90% of people are stuck in the human-level realm all their lives, they will not live to be a hundred years old, and they will eventually turn into a pile of dead bones.

Like Longyuan Town, everyone has the hope of breaking through to the prefecture-level realm, even the forces of the Great Thousand World can do it.

"My Longyuan Town! One day everyone will be like a dragon!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

When promoted to the prefecture level, everyone can live to be three hundred years old.

From this point alone, the townspeople of Longyuan began to be different.

If it is the realm of heaven, then the lifespan is one thousand years old.

The demigod realm is three thousand years old!

Qin Feng is confident that everyone in Long Yuan will be promoted to the earth level, then the heaven level, and then the demigod realm...

In the end, Longyuan Town will become a realm of gods!

And he is the lord of the realm of the gods, that is, the lord of the gods.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

Having said that, he just got 10600 attribute feedback, 2000 altar guard reward, and the previous 17400 attribute.

Accumulated like this, he has 30,000 free attributes.

"It's time to go to other stations and upgrade those guardian altars."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

There are still ten guardian altars waiting for him to upgrade, that is 20,000 points of reward!

He wants to get his hands on it first, then add some...

With this in mind, Qin Feng walked towards the teleportation array, preparing to go to the next station...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Challenge reminder: Yao Tianxun of the Yaotian family, apply for a prestige challenge to you (one-on-one heads-up mode)]

[Challenge rules: The challenge time limit is 3 hours. 】

[After 3 hours, when your reputation reaches 900, you can get 100,000 attribute rewards. Reputation exceeds 900 points, and for every additional 50 points, you will receive an additional 10,000 attribute rewards. 】

[After 3 hours, if your reputation has not reached 900 points, you will fail the challenge and you will not be punished. 】

[If you succeed in the challenge, Yao Tianxun will be punished. The deducted points will be double your reward. 】

[Whether the challenge is successful or not, once the challenge is over, you will know each other's location within 3 hours. After 3 hours, this effect disappeared. 】

【Please ask 4.4: Do you accept the challenge? Please make your choice within ten seconds. Countdown: 1098]

After reading this, Qin Feng was both surprised and delighted.

Obviously, Yao Tianxun issued such a challenge, not to win or lose, but to find his position.

Because no matter whether the challenge is won or lost, after the challenge is over, both sides have three hours to know each other's position.

In order to lure Qin Feng into gambling, Yao Tianxun knew that Qin Feng's reputation was at least 806 points, or set the reputation threshold to 900 points, so as not to be afraid that Qin Feng would not take the bait.

However, he still underestimated Qin Feng.

Qin Feng's reputation is already 996 points, and it has already exceeded 900 points.