Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! In order to find me, this guy really dares to invest his money. However, it is good to take the initiative to send it to the door, I can't do it!"

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He now has 996 reputation points, and taking this bet is equivalent to earning 110,000 attribute points!

If he increases his reputation by 5 points, he can earn 120,000 attributes.

How could he miss such a win-win situation!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was in a good mood and quickly chose to accept the application

Chapter 387 Title! God-defying!

As soon as Qin Feng accepted the application, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Reminder: You have accepted the challenge application, the challenge will take effect immediately, and the countdown starts at 3:00:002:59:592:59:58]

Challenge activated!

Qin Feng smiled.

He will make Yao Tianxun die ugly.

After three hours, he can get at least 110,000 attribute points.

By the way, he wants to increase his prestige!

For every 50 points of prestige, the reward will be increased by 10,000 attributes.

The gambling conditions that Yao Tianxun offered are really tempting!

Therefore, he wants to gain more prestige and earn more rewards.

At present, his reputation is 996 points, as long as he adds 4 more reputation points, the reward can be increased by 10,000 attributes.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up in the direction of Area 2, revealing a secret smile.

Then, he strode towards the teleportation formation on the side.

After a while, Qin Feng disappeared into the great formation...

He's going to upgrade the guardian altars of the other stations.

As for the matter of prestige, it is left to the three avatars.

At the same time, thousands of miles away, over a stretch of jungle, three stalwart figures appeared.

That is Qin Feng's Mirage clone, Moon Spirit clone, Ice Spirit clone.

At this moment, the three clones also knew about the challenge and couldn't help but smile at each other.

They and Qin Feng are of the same mind, and naturally know everything at the same time.

Earn prestige!

The first kill of a king-level beast in the prefecture-level realm can get 10 reputation.

For the first kill of an emperor-level beast, you can get 20 reputation.

In front of this huge jungle that stretches for millions of miles, there are countless beasts hidden, there must be king-level beasts and emperor-level beasts.

It turned out that this jungle was called the Forgotten Forest. It was the buffer zone between Areas 1 and 16 and Area 2, and it was also the home of all kinds of beasts.

Because there are many king beasts and emperor beasts hidden in the Forgotten Forest, no one dares to cross the jungle easily.

Even the first-level powerhouses would not dare to cross this jungle easily.

This separates Districts 1 and 2.

That is why the Yaotian family is like a cloud of sky-level powerhouses, so they dare to come and go freely.

And Qin Feng sent the three avatars to come, originally to let the three avatars cross the Forgotten Forest, sneak into the No. 2 area, and make some preparations for the unification of the No. 2 area.

He did not expect that as soon as the three avatars reached the edge of the Forgotten Forest, they were challenged by Yao Tianxun.

In this case, the three avatars will not go to the second area for the time being, and will look for the king beast and the emperor beast in this forgotten forest.

With the strength of the three clones, it is still easy to kill some king beasts within three hours.

Thinking of this, after the three clones looked at each other, they tacitly divided into three directions, each flew into the depths of the Forgotten Forest, and started the journey of killing monsters...

At the same moment, another part of the Forgotten Forest was over.

Yao Tianxun's face is full of joy

Just now, Qin Feng agreed to his gambling application!

Ha ha!

This time, Qin Feng is dead!

"Master, how is the situation?"

Yao Tianming asked eagerly.

Yao Tianxun smiled and said, "That guy accepted the bet!"

Yao Tianming was pleasantly surprised: "That's great! He actually agreed! By the way, Taishang, what betting conditions did you offer?"

Yao Tianxun said softly: "900 reputation points! The time limit is three hours!"

Yao Tianming was shocked: "It's only 900 points? Too high, don't you know that that kid's reputation reached 806 points yesterday. He dared to take this challenge, I'm afraid his reputation is approaching 900 points. You lost this challenge. The possibility is not small!"

Yao Tianxun smiled proudly: "If the deity does not show enough temptation, then Qin Feng will not accept the challenge. In fact, the deity is trying to lose the challenge, and he has to get his position. As long as he kills him, then It's all worth it!"

Yao Tianming suddenly said: "Yes! As long as you kill Qin Feng and let my clan regain the tenth place, the benefits will be much greater. Besides, that Qin Feng may not be able to win."

Yao Tianxun said to himself: "Longyuan Town can complete a B-level mission, which shows that they have the strength to kill the four-level powerhouse. An old monster with a B-level mission is about the four-level heaven level."

"So, the deity's ability to judge Qin Feng's strength is only at the fifth level of heaven. With such strength, it is still somewhat difficult to increase the reputation to 900 points within three hours."

"Besides, Yaozhu and the others are in the No. 1 area. It is estimated that they have joined forces such as the Yuan clan and started to search Longyuan Town. That Qin Feng wants to kill the beasts with peace of mind to gain reputation, it is impossible. already."

Yao Tianming nodded again and again: "Tai Shang's analysis makes sense! Especially when it is about to get dark, the environment for Qin Feng to gain reputation will become extremely difficult. He wants to earn 900 reputation within three hours, I'm afraid it's not that easy!"

Yao Tianxun said again: "If he loses this bet, he won't be punished. If he wins, he will be rewarded with 100,000 attribute points. With such a huge temptation, do you think he will give up?"

Yao Tianming stroked his beard and said with a smile: "Faced with such a big temptation, even the old man will be moved. Then Qin Feng will never think that Taishang is a peak eighth-level powerhouse. As long as the bet ends, his position will be exposed. That's his time to die!"

Yao Tianxun smiled coldly: "That can only be blamed on him being too greedy and taking a chance. Okay! It's not too late! I have to wait and get to the Yuan clan's station, let's go!"

As soon as the words fell, the two stopped talking and left in a hurry...

It's just that at this time, their expressions were much more relaxed, and they were not as anxious as before.

In their opinion, winning or losing this gamble is not important, and it is the most important to get Qin Feng's position.

And Qin Feng actually agreed to bet, that's the trick, and he was destined to be killed by them.

Thinking of this, the two of them were naturally relieved.

They even thought that Qin Feng might not be able to win the bet.

If so, not only will they lose nothing, but they can also take the opportunity to get rid of Qin Feng, which really kills two birds with one stone!

Yao Tianxun and the two did not know that Qin Feng's reputation had already exceeded 900 points and reached 996 points.

For Qin Feng, this is a gamble destined to win, and Yao Tianxun is destined to suffer huge losses.

In this way, Yao Tianxun and the two soon disappeared into the depths of the jungle...

At the same time, somewhere in the eastern corner of the Forgotten Forest.

The Mirage clone is looking for the King Beast and the Emperor Beast.

At this moment, he was standing on the top of a tree, with his hands behind his back, his clothes fluttering.

He looked up at the sky in the distance, the sun was going down, and night was coming soon.

The night is the home of the beasts!

It is always difficult for humans to hunt down beasts at night.

But all this can't stop the phantom avatar.

At this moment, as soon as his mind moved, a special mental fluctuation was instantly released and swept all around!

In the next second, everything within a radius of fifty miles came to his mind.

This is the eighth-order skill - Divine Consciousness!

In the next second, a smile appeared on his face.

Under his consciousness, he discovered hundreds of beasts in an instant, including a king beast.

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he rushed towards the king beast.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

At the same time, in the northeast corner of Forgotten Forest, somewhere.

The ice spirit clone also scattered his consciousness, searching for beasts everywhere.

In just a moment, he looked in a certain direction with a smile on his face.

He discovered that in that direction, there was a rare fifth-order spiritual flower.

Next to the spirit flower, there was a king beast.

Immediately, the Bing Ling clone dodged and rushed in that direction.

Meanwhile, south of the Forgotten Forest, somewhere.

A king beast with a length of several meters, a tiger head and a mink body and a snake tail, and a ferocious momentum, just hunted and killed a Bursting Earth Bear.

It is called Tiger Sable King, a king beast at the pinnacle of the prefecture level, with powerful strength.

At this moment, it is biting the bear corpse and enjoying its own delicious meal.

Swish!

But at this moment, there was a sudden sound of breaking air behind it.

The Tiger Sable King was startled, he turned around quickly, and saw a sword light in front of him.

Before it could react, it was split in half by the sword light, and a dark treasure chest exploded.

At this time, a stalwart figure came over, it was Yueling's clone.

I saw Yueling's clone happily walked up and picked up the dark treasure chest.

Killing beasts at the pinnacle of the land level, the income is very good!

Gained 15 reputation and a hidden treasure chest.

He collected the spoils satisfactorily, extracted the corpse, and gained another 40 attributes, another small gain.

After Yueling's clone put away the body of the beast, he spread out his consciousness again.

It didn't take long for him to show joy again.

He found out that there is another king beast forty miles away.

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he rushed in the direction of the king beast.

At the same moment, Tayue Town resident.

Qin Feng is standing beside the guardian altar and is preparing to upgrade the altar

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Your clone successfully killed the Tiger Sable King (prefecture-level peak), and you got +3.52 million energy points]

[Your clone successfully killed the Tiger Sable King (prefecture-level peak), and you gained +15 reputation. 】

[Your clone successfully killed King Tiger Sable (the prefecture-level peak), and a hidden treasure chest was exploded. 】

good! good!

This is the magic effect of the eighth-order skill 'Divine Consciousness'!

With Divine Consciousness released, his three avatars searched for beasts in the jungle.

And the consciousness is not affected by light, and in the dark night, everything can be clearly seen.

This is equivalent to saying that the three avatars 390 have the knowledge of the outside world, as if they are open.

In such a short time, the three avatars discovered several king beast targets, and the Yueling avatar even killed an earth-level peak beast.