Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, the mammoth guard turned back, slaughtered Qin Feng, and killed Qin Feng in the blink of an eye.

Qin Feng hurriedly turned sideways to avoid, and at the same time held the knife in both hands, doing everything with all his strength.

Poof~! sigh~! sigh~!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That knife cut on the body of the mammoth guard, and a large piece of rubble was thrown into the air.

At this time, he was shocked to discover that the Mammoth Guardian was covered with a thick layer of rock armor.

His knife split open the rock armor, but only left a very shallow bloodstain on the skin of the mammoth guard, but did not cut into the flesh, at most it was a skin injury.

Fuck it~!

The defense is so strong!

This mammoth guard is not easy to kill!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

Boom~Long~Long!

It was at this moment that the five giant elephants came under siege again.

The mammoth guard also turned around abruptly, and the skin wound on its body surface healed automatically and was as good as ever.

Even the split rock armor was repaired automatically.

As if everything was intact!

This is equivalent to Qin Feng's knife, which is completely useless.

Then, it slaughtered Qin Feng again...

In this way, the two sides fought together.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

For a time, the field was murky and dusty.

With the help of speed talent and shadow boots, Qin Feng's speed is terrifyingly fast.

This made the mammoth guard and the five giant elephants unable to help him.

Of course, he couldn't help the mammoth guard.

However, the five giant elephants were miserable.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In just a moment, Qin Feng left dozens of wounds on them, and blood was flowing.

Ang~!

At this time, Xiang Wang saw that the situation was not right.

It roared up to the sky, and led the elephant herd to this direction.

But at this moment, on the battlefield, a mutation suddenly occurred.

Ang~!

I saw a giant elephant roaring in pain, and its footsteps were vain, and the protective mask on its body gradually faded.

Immediately afterwards, several other giant elephants also began to sway, and the light of the protective mask on their bodies became weaker.

Looking at their eyes and lips, they are already green.

Qin Feng's eyes showed great joy.

He knew it would happen.

There is snake venom on his blade, and now the poison is on.

At the moment, his figure flashed, and he rushed towards one of the giant elephants.

The giant elephant wanted to resist, but the response was obviously a beat slower than before.

puff~!

Blood splashes!

That knife cut the throat with no mistake!

Ang~!

The giant elephant roared miserably and fell to the ground.

Swish~!

The next second, Qin Feng rushed to the other end...

While you are sick, I will kill you!

After the poison attack, the defense and speed of the giant elephants dropped sharply, and they couldn't stop Qin Feng's attack at all.

Immediately, blood splattered in the field, and the giant elephant roared again and again.

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

In just a moment, Qin Feng killed four giants in one go.

Chapter 50: Killing the Mammoth Guardian

The Mammoth Guardian also felt bad.

Not only that, but it also started to feel numb and sluggish.

It turned out that although Qin Feng could only hurt its skin with every knife, the knife was poisonous, and it was also poisoned unknowingly.

It's just that it's less poisonous!

The Mammoth Guardian is full of spirituality. As soon as he feels that the situation is not right, he turns around and flees...

puff~!

A burst of blood splashed!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

At this time, Qin Feng also killed the last giant elephant.

When he saw that Mammoth was about to run away, he was very anxious.

Because on the other side, the elephant king has led more than fifty giant elephants to come over.

He must not let the mammoth guard escape back to the elephant herd, otherwise he will lose the chance to kill it.

At the moment, he dodged and chased after the mammoth guard...

In just a moment, Qin Feng caught up with the mammoth guard.

Ang~!

The mammoth guard screamed, speeding up and running away.

Ang~! Ang~!

On the other side, the elephant king was even more frightened and furious, and rushed over.

It really did not expect that this level 7 human was so powerful that he killed five of its subordinates in one fell swoop.

Now, this human being wants to attack its powerful guard, and it will never allow such a thing to happen.

It's going to rush to the rescue at full speed!

Boom~Long~Long!

It ran at full speed, the earth roared, and the speed was frighteningly fast.

In the blink of an eye, it left the elephants behind, only three hundred meters away from the mammoth guardian.

When the mammoth guard saw the elephant king coming, his eyes showed ecstasy, thinking he was about to be rescued.

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng jumped into the air and jumped over the back of the mammoth guard in an instant.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

He slashed fiercely on the back of the mammoth guard.

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

A bang!

The gravel is flying!

Qin Feng slashed open the mammoth guard's rock armor, revealing the cyan skin inside, and left a shallow bloodstain on it.

But in the next second, the blood stains healed automatically, and the armor repaired itself perfectly.

Everything he did was useless!

Ang~!

The mammoth guardian gave a long roar, and there was some pride in his tone.

It knew that Qin Feng's attack could not help it.

If it weren't for the symptoms of poisoning, it would not be in a hurry to escape.

"Damn!"

Qin Feng was in a hurry.

Right now, the elephant king is already close, and the distance is only 200 meters.

If he can't save the life of the mammoth guardian, everything will fall in vain.

But the defense of the mammoth guardian is too strong, he can't break the defense!

correct!

Suddenly, a flash of light flashed in his mind, as if he had thought of something.

I saw him holding the long knife in front of him, caressing the blade with his left hand, and slowly wiped...

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The next second, the blade ignited a raging black flame, extremely terrifying.

[Reminder: Your Wind Scar Blade is attached with Hellfire, damage +100! 】

Damage +100!

This is too arrogant!

He almost forgot that he also mastered a second-order skill - hellfire!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Immediately, his figure flashed, and he waved the flame sword and chased after the Mammoth Guardian.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

After only a few dodges, he caught up with the mammoth guard, jumped up, and slashed at his back again.

The mammoth guard heard the wind of the knife behind his head, it didn't look back at all, and it didn't mean to evade at all, and continued to bury its head and run wildly.

In its heart, Qin Feng's attack has not been taken seriously.

In its view, the most important thing for it now is to escape back to the herd, not to waste time dodging.

Whoo~!

A gust of wind and fire!