At this rate, he could earn a hundred or so reputation points in an hour, which is very easy.

With luck, there may be more than that.

It seems that he is going to make a lot of money this time!

On the contrary, Yao Tianxun is going to lose miserably!

If he can earn 300 reputation points in three hours, then he can win 60,000 more attributes!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[It has been detected that your reputation has exceeded 1000 points, congratulations on activating the new title opportunity - 'Anti-God']

[Anti-God: Challengers who have the premise title 'Novice Supreme' will have the opportunity to obtain this opportunity. 】

[Acquisition conditions: The basic combat power reaches 40,000 stars or more, and the prestige reaches 1,000 points or more to obtain this title. 】

[Reminder: You must complete the above conditions before the end of the first round of points competition to get this title. If the time limit is exceeded, the opportunity will be lost. 】

what!

God-defying!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, surprised and happy.

He finally activated a new title opportunity.

Looking at the title of this title, it is very unusual!

The benefits of getting this title must be great.

Having said that, this title opportunity is extremely difficult to activate.

First of all, the title of 'Novice Supreme', few challengers in the world can have it.

Secondly, in the first round of the points competition, the prestige must break 1000 points before it can be activated, and few challengers in the world can do it.

Although Qin Feng is activated, it is extremely difficult to get this title!

His current basic combat power is 35,700 stars, which is not far from the standard of 40,000 stars!

"There are 7 hours left, and the first round of the challenge is over. I have to earn more attribute points quickly to improve my combat power!"

"If you miss this opportunity! If you are titled as God-Defying, you will miss out on the academy with me!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

How could he miss such a big opportunity? !

At the moment, he quickly opened the operation interface and accelerated the upgrade of the guardian altar in front of him.

Chapter 388 Epics and Myths

Soon, Qin Feng completed the altar upgrade

[Longyuan Town Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully promoted the guardian altar from low-grade to medium-grade, and the address is located in Tayue Town, Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points reward]

After dealing with the resident of Tayue Town, he left in a hurry

It didn't take long for announcements to be heard from up and down Longyuan Town one after another.

[Longyuan Town Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng will guard the altar and be promoted to the middle grade successfully, and the address is located in the headquarters of Longyuan to get 2000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Town Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng will guard the altar and be promoted to the middle grade successfully, and the address is located in the headquarters of Longyuan to get 2000 attribute points reward]

Half an hour later, in zero-degree space.

I saw Qiyue sitting under the Moonflower Tree, comprehending the S-level extreme yin law.

In the air, Xiao Luan'er sat under the big sun spirit bead, comprehending the S-level extreme sun law.

In the center of the zero-degree space, there are three tall wooden houses, the tallest of which is Qin Feng's wooden house.

In fact, it can no longer be called a wooden house. Judging from its gorgeous appearance and piled up bricks, it is completely an elegant high-rise building.

At this moment, in the training room of that tall building.

Qin Feng looked at the two treasure chests in front of him with excitement.

One is all black, with a purple divine pattern, and it is shining.

One is red all over, with a golden divine pattern, which is dazzling.

Two treasure chests!

Extraordinary!

Qin Feng first looked at the black treasure chest.

[Epic Treasure Chest: 98% of the tier 7 items will be opened, and 2% of the items will be available at the 8th tier. 】

Then, he looked at the red treasure chest again.

[Mythical treasure chest: 98% of the eighth-order items are opened, and 2% of the ninth-order items are opened. 】

good! good!

He finally synthesized two top-level treasure chests.

It turned out that Qin Feng integrated the more than 100 gold treasure chests, dozens of dark treasure chests, and several purple diamond treasure chests.

Those two Supreme Synthetic Cards and one Helicopter Card were also used up.

In the end, he had an epic treasure chest, a mythical treasure, and several hidden treasure chests in his hands.

If he uses the luck card now, he will get a ninth-order treasure and an eighth-order treasure immediately.

However, Qin Feng hesitated for a while, and still put away the two treasure chests.

The lucky card is too precious!

After using it, he didn't know when he would be able to get another one.

The most important thing is that he has an expectation in his heart, that is, after the first round of competition, will there be a 'Supreme Helicopter Card' reward?

If there is, he will upgrade another epic treasure chest to mythical level.

At that time, if he uses the luck card again, he will be able to get two ninth-order items!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the treasure chest and decided to wait for the first round of competition to end before opening the treasure chest.

call!

The trivia is finally over!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

After half an hour, he finished the altar upgrade and treasure chest.

Next, he can improve his strength with peace of mind...

Thinking of this, he opened the panel to check his latest harvest...

[Level]: Level 34 98.32%

[Reputation]: 1061 points (novice supreme)

[Combat Strength]: 35,700 stars

[Free attribute]: 50,000 points

good! good!

With the efforts of the three avatars, his reputation has reached 1061 points, and he can earn 130,000 attribute rewards.

You know, this challenge has only passed for half an hour.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Of course, his gain is not only prestige, but his energy value has also been soaring.

By killing those king beasts and emperor beasts, you can also get a lot of energy.

Now, his level progress has reached 98.32% of level 34, which is not far from level 35.

"I don't want to do so much anymore, now improving combat power is the most important thing!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and happily added...

Not long after, all 50,000 attributes were added.

His basic combat power has soared to 36,600 stars, and his strength has skyrocketed by a lot.

"Not bad! It's 36,600 stars, but it's still 3,400 stars away from 40,000 stars!"

Qin Feng sighed.

The difference is not small!

By the way, he has another treasure.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and a mass of essence and blood appeared in his palm.

I saw that its whole body was bright red, like crystal jade, with its own red glow, and there was a real dragon phantom looming in the glow.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

[True Dragon Blood Essence (Middle Grade): An eighth-order item, a medium-quality True Dragon Blood Essence, which contains an incomparably huge True Dragon power. 】

[Reminder: Only those with the talent of true dragon blood can refine the blood of true dragon. Or use the totem technique to temporarily stimulate the power of the true dragon. 】

[Reminder: To refine this thing, the strength of the soul body needs to reach the peak level of the prefecture level, otherwise it cannot withstand the impact of the power of the dragon soul. 】

good! good!

The real dragon blood essence of the middle grade has reached the eighth level, and the energy contained must be extremely huge!

Qin Feng looked at the blood with anticipation.

This is exactly what he got by killing the ancestor Xunyun.

Before that, he had obtained a lot of low-grade true dragon blood essence, and also a mass of high-grade true dragon blood essence.

And it was the first time to get the real dragon essence blood of the middle grade.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to refine...

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something and turned his head to look in a certain direction...

That's where the Forgotten Forest is heading.

At the same time, the Forgotten Forest, a certain corner, in a dense forest.

The mirage clone hid its figure in the forest and looked up in a certain direction.

He sensed it, and in that direction, fifty miles away, two figures were flying rapidly towards Area 1...

Of those two figures, one was a young man and the other was an old man with white hair. The clothes on his body were very similar to those of Yao Zhu and others.

Looking at the speed of the two people, they are all extremely fast, and they have all reached the eighth level of heaven.

It is the Yaotian family!

The Mirage clone recognized the origin of the other party at first sight!

Those two were Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming.

Soon, Yao Tianxun and the two disappeared within the range of the phantom avatar's consciousness, and they hurried to Area 1.

Obviously, Yao Tianxun and the two did not find any trace of the Mirage clone.

On the contrary, their traces were discovered in advance by the phantom clone.

This is the magic of the eighth-order skill 'Spiritual Consciousness'.

With the release of divine consciousness, one can search for beasts and discover the enemy's traces in advance. In this respect, even a ninth-level powerhouse may not be able to compare to Qin Feng.

At this moment, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng slowly retracted his gaze.

He and the phantom avatar are all concentric.

Everything the Mirage clone saw, he also saw it.