Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Knew it!

The Yaotian clan sent two heavenly eighth-level powerhouses.

"The person who gambled with me before should be one of them. Depending on their speed, they will be able to arrive at the Yuan Clan's station within an hour at most."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He has to quickly refine the blood of the real dragon.

However, he should be able to.

Qiyue is already in the zero-degree space and has opened the time force field.

One hour outside, ten hours in zero-degree space, enough for him to refine blood essence.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened his mouth and swallowed the blood essence...

The next second, he sat cross-legged, and his body began to roar continuously.

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +180, Agility +170, Constitution +192, Energy +190! 】

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +201, Agility +197, Constitution +172, Energy +171! 】

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +193, Agility +181, Constitution +198, Energy +192! 】

...

In this way, Qin Feng refined the blood of the middle-grade real dragon, and his momentum began to soar!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, forty minutes passed by the outside world.

At this time, the sun had already set, the night had initially fallen, and the earth was plunged into darkness.

At this moment, two figures appeared at the edge of the Forgotten Forest. It was the two Yao Tianxun who came all the way.

"Master, we have finally crossed the Forgotten Forest. This is the boundary of Area 1!"

Yao Tianming looked in front of him with a look of joy.

It took them a lot of energy to come all the way.

"Old Ming, you send a message to Yaozhu! Now that we have entered the boundary of Area 1, we should be able to contact them."

"Yes!"

Yao Tianming quickly took out the communication talisman and sent a message to Yao Zhu and others.

But after a while, he was surprised.

"Too Shang, there is something weird! The old man has contacted Yao Zhu, Yao Yun, Yao Yu and others, but they can't get in touch with them all!"

"What?! Can't get in touch?"

Yao Tianxun was surprised.

Immediately, he frowned: "Strange! Why can't we get in touch? Could it be that they are too far away from us, so the communication jade can't be contacted. By the way, you can contact Yuankong. The Yuan family is nearby, and they should be able to contact."

"it is good!"

Yao Tianming quickly sent a message to Yuankong.

In the past, he would not take the initiative to contact Yuan Kong.

With Yuan Kong's identity and status, he was not worthy of talking to him.

But now things are different.

Soon, he finished sending the message, and he was still sinking into the sea without any reply.

This time, Yao Tianming suddenly felt bad.

"Too Shang, the situation is not right! Yuan Kong can't be contacted either!"

"He can't be reached either?! Weird!"

Yao Tianxun also began to feel bad, and at the same time was a little uneasy.

Among the Yaoshua group, Yao Yu was his own grandson and the first genius of the Yaotian family.

Yu'er will be fine, right?

"Your Majesty, the Yuan clan's station is nearby, and you can be there in twenty minutes at most. Let's hurry over and see the tons!"

"Okay! I want to see what happened to the Yuan family?!"

At the moment, the two figures flashed, and they accelerated to the Yuan clan station.

Chapter 389 S Grade Soul Dao Talent

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng opened his eyes from the meditation, and his face was full of joy.

The blood essence he finally refined, the basic combat power increased to 38,100 stars in one fell swoop.

"The distance from 40,000 stars is only 1,900 stars. Is there any way to improve the strength?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

By the way, prestige bet!

That reputation bet, he is bound to win.

As long as the bet ends, he will be rewarded with hundreds of thousands of attribute points.

Those rewards should allow him to reach 40,000 stars in one fell swoop, right?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng can't wait to check the latest progress...

[Level]: Level 34 99.72%

[Reputation]: 1171 points (novice supreme)

[Combat Strength]: 38,100 stars

The three avatars are very powerful!

His level is about to break through to level 35, and his reputation has reached 1171 points, which is 150,000 attribute rewards.

These attribute points are enough to raise his combat power to 40,000 stars.

Come to whatever you want!

Qin Feng is in a good mood.

Calculate the time, the two eighth-order powerhouses are coming soon!

It seems that a war is about to begin!

"By the way, I still have a treasure that has not been refined!"

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he took out a red spirit bead from the storage ring.

As soon as the spirit bead appeared, it burst into the sky, and it was so radiant that it was extraordinary at first glance.

Qin Feng hurriedly looked away at Lingzhu

[Soul Soul Orb: Eighth-order Heaven and Earth Rare Object, Soul Element. 】

[Refining this thing can awaken the S-level soul law talent, and at the same time obtain the eighth-level skill - soul destroying pupil]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was pleasantly surprised.

Ha ha!

It is indeed an eighth-order strange thing!

After refining it, it can awaken the talent of the S-level Soul Dao Law, which is really wonderful!

Afterwards, he 750 read the prompt again and was delighted.

[Reminder: With the talent of Six Senses Awakening (A-level), you can temporarily fuse the Soul Orb to obtain the eighth-order skill - Soul Destruction Eye. 】

[Reminder: With the talent of Seven Consciousness Awakening (S-level), you can permanently fuse the Soul Orb, awaken the talent of the S-level Soul Dao Law, and obtain the eighth-level skill - Soul Destruction Eye. 】

[Reminder: The Seven Consciousness Awakening (S-level) and the Law of Soul Dao (S-level), there is a certain chance that SS-level talents can be merged...]

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled again.

Ancestor Xunyun should only have the talent for awakening the six senses, so he can only temporarily integrate the Soul Orb.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He is different, he has the awakening of the seven consciousnesses, and can fully integrate this soul-fixing orb.

What's even better is that after he awakens the S-level soul path talent, there is a certain chance that it will be merged with the Seven Consciousness Awakening talent to obtain an SS-level talent.

From this, it can be seen that this Soul Soul Orb was made just for him!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly sat cross-legged and swallowed the Soul Dingzhu.

In the next second, he closed his eyes, and his whole body lit up with red light.

In this way, Qin Feng began to refine the soul bead with all his strength.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, two hours passed in the zero-degree space.

At this moment, Qin Feng's soul aura was soaring all the way, and the red light all over his body became brighter and brighter.

After a long time, all the visions slowly disappeared.

Qin Feng also opened his eyes with joy.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Soul Soul Orb refining completed! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and the strength of your soul body has been raised to the peak level of the eighth level of heaven. 】

[Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and your combat power has increased by 300 stars to 38,400 stars. 】

[Soul Soul Orb refining completed! You have automatically awakened the eighth-order skill - Soul Destruction Eye! 】

[Soul Soul Orb refining completed! You have awakened the S-level talent - the Law of Soul Dao! 】

[You awakened the S-level talent - the law of the soul, the four avatars were blessed by the law of the soul, and the combat power of the avatars increased to 70% of the main body. 】

good! good!

At this moment, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

After refining this Soul Orb, the benefits obtained are really great!

Not only did he acquire an S-rank talent, an eighth-rank skill.

What's even better is that even the strength of the four avatars has increased a lot!

Originally, the strength of the clone was only 60% of the main body, but now it has become 70%, which is more than a star and a half.

Qin Feng's current strength is extremely powerful, and 10% of his combat power is nearly 4,000 stars.

The avatar has a great effect on Qin Feng.

The advantages of the clone becoming stronger are self-evident.

In addition, his Divine Consciousness scanning range is also related to Soul Strength.

Now, his soul body strength has reached the peak of the eighth level of heaven, and the scanning range of his divine sense has been expanded to a radius of 100 miles.

The avatar's divine sense scanning range has also simultaneously expanded to a radius of seventy miles.

This is even more beneficial for the clones to search for beasts and earn reputation and energy points!

call!

Finally finished!

At this time, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and stood up slowly.

His basic combat power is 38,400 stars, plus the power of foundation building is 44,400 stars, which has already reached the early stage of the eighth level of heaven.

Suddenly, his heart moved, and he looked up in a certain direction.

He sensed it, and Yao Tianxun and the two were near the station.

"Oh! It's just in time!"