Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng made a random move, and the space in front of him changed for a while, and Xiao Luan'er appeared out of thin air.

"dad!"

As soon as the little guy saw Qin Feng, he excitedly hugged Qin Feng's arm and acted coquettishly.

"Dad, is your retreat over?"

"Little guy, the Yao people are here, let's get together!"

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"Oh!"

Xiao Luan'er understood instantly.

In the next second, she turned into a divine bird covered in golden flames.

Qin Feng quickly picked up the psychic seal.

click! click! click!

In just an instant, one person and one pet have completed the psychic fusion.

Qin Feng's momentum soared to 51,000 stars, suddenly reaching the mid-level of the eighth level of heaven.

At the same time, the outside world is already dark.

The Yuan clan residence was brightly lit.

At this moment, on the square, the disciples of Wan Longyuan gathered.

Everyone looked nervously at the sky above the station.

I saw that above the high sky, the wood spirit clone stood in the air, looking at the two strong men in front.

Those two were Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming.

At this moment, the two of them looked at the audience in shock, a little dumbfounded.

They thought this was the old nest of the Yuan clan, but when they came here, they saw all the residents of Longyuan Town with yellow skin and black hair.

Looking at these townspeople again, all of them have extraordinary aura, far from being comparable to the children of the guardian forces, but have the aura of the children of the mysterious forces.

They probed again, and they were completely dumbfounded.

The more than 10,000 people below are all challengers, and all of them are at the peak of human level!

Looking at the wood spirit clone in the air, it is even an earth-level powerhouse.

"Tai Shang, what's going on? Isn't this the Yuan clan's nest? Why have they all become challengers?"

Yao Tianming still didn't react.

Yao Tianxun smiled coldly: "Old Ming, these guys should be Long Yuan's children!"

"What?! Damn it! This old man will destroy them!"

Only then did Yao Tianming react, and he was about to act.

Yao Tianxun quickly reminded: "Find Qin Feng first!"

Yao Tianming was stunned!

right!

If you want to destroy Longyuan Town, you must kill Qin Feng and take his land deed card!

Otherwise, even if everyone in Longyuan is killed, as long as Qin Feng is still alive, Longyuan Town will still exist.

And if Longyuan Town is not removed, their Yaotian family has no chance of winning the tenth place.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly raised his head and looked at the wood spirit clone opposite.

"Boy! Where is Qin Feng?"

Yao Tianming shouted and asked.

In his opinion, Qin Feng is a heavenly powerhouse.

The challenger of this prefecture-level realm should not be Qin Feng.

He never thought that the wood spirit clone in front of him was Qin Feng's clone.

The wood spirit clone was expressionless in the face of Yao Tianming's question.

He didn't bother to answer.

Yao Tianming was furious!

A small earth-level powerhouse, dare to ignore him!

At this time, Yao Tianxun on the side was also a little impatient.

"Old Ming, don't talk nonsense with him! Catch the mouth! Then ask Qin Feng's whereabouts!"

"it is good!"

boom!

Yao Tianming dodged and rushed towards Mu Ling's clone.

Boom!

His move was a shocking move!

That monstrous weather instantly overwhelmed the audience!

The Tianwei in the early stage of the eighth level of the heavenly level is even more rolling over a hundred miles.

click! click! Card!

At this moment, wherever Tianwei goes, the earth cracks!

The eighth level of heaven!

Everyone in Longyuan exclaimed in surprise!

It was the first time they had seen an eighth-level powerhouse, and they couldn't help but worry about the wood spirit clone.

In an instant, Yao Tianming came to the front and grabbed Mu Ling's clone with one hand.

In the next second, his hand turned into a big hand, covering the sky and covering the earth, and shrouded the wood spirit clone.

At the same time, his aura also broke out completely, suddenly reaching 41,000 stars, which is the level of the early eighth layer.

Boom!

In the blink of an eye, the big hand reached the top of the wood spirit clone, and it was about to capture the wood spirit clone alive.

At this moment, a cold light flashed in the hands of the wood spirit clone, and there was an extra blood-colored long sword.

Seeing Mu Ling's clone resisting, Yao Tianming's eyes showed disdain.

Ha ha!

Even a small prefecture-level realm dares to resist in front of him, it is really beyond his own power!

what! this sword

Isn't this the Heavenly Curse Sword of Yao Curse?

boom!

Yao Tianming recognized the blood-colored long sword at once, and felt that something was wrong.

At the same moment, Yao Tianxun, who was not far away, also widened his eyes and stared at the long sword.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

He also recognized the Heavenly Curse Sword!

its not right!

How could the seventh-order Heavenly Curse Sword, which Yao curse regarded as his life, appear in this kid's hands?

not good!

Yao Tianming and Yao Tianxun realized something at the same time, and their expressions changed slightly.

But before they could think about it, the field suddenly changed.

Qin Feng appeared out of thin air and appeared above Yao Tianming's head.

Swish! Swish!

In the next second, Qin Feng and Mu Ling's clones shot at Yao Tianming at the same time.

The three hundred and ninetieth chapter kills the eighth layer! White Flame Bone Dragon!

At that moment, Qin Feng and Mu Ling's avatars exploded instantly.

Swish!

Qin Feng slashed with one knife!

Shinra Heavenly Blade, lit up with golden light!

The law of killing! The Law of Destruction! The law of power! The Golden Rule!

The power of Dao Dao law is superimposed on that knife!

click! click! click!

Where the knife passed, the space shattered every inch, time was distorted, and the power was extremely terrifying.

Swish!

At the same moment, the wood spirit clone also struck with a sword, and the sword light shot up into the sky, its momentum suddenly surpassed 30,000 stars, and it was extremely terrifying.

In the blink of an eye, a sword and a sword attacked at the same time, and the joint strike would destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

"not good!"

Yao Tianming was terrified, he instinctively couldn't resist, he immediately put away Tongtian's big hand, turned around and wanted to escape.

But at this moment, a silver light flashed in Qin Feng's eyes!

Soul Extinguisher - Activate!

call out!

A shadowless and invisible soul thorn shot out of Qin Feng's eyes in an instant and blasted directly into Yao Tianming's sea of ​​consciousness.

boom!

Before Yao Tianming could react, he felt a sharp stabbing pain in his brain, his whole body was in a trance, and his face turned pale.

However, he recovered in an instant.

But at this time, the attack of Qin Feng and Mu Ling's clone was approaching, and he had no chance to escape.

In the panic, he didn't even have time to take out the weapon, and only managed to hold up a protective mask.

Swish! Swish!

A sword and a sword. Cut off at the same time!

Click!

The mask shattered instantly!

puff! puff!

Two crisp sounds!

Blood splashes!

Yao Tianming was directly chopped into three sections.

The shrill screams echoed in the night sky!

The broken body rolled and fell in the air.

Below, everyone in Long Yuan was dumbfounded!

OMG!

The boss and the clone joined forces to directly kill a super powerhouse in the early eighth stage!