Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

This is too exaggerated!

"Ah damn!"

At this moment, there was a thunderous roar in the air!

Boom!

The next second, Yao Tianxun roared and killed Qin Feng.

At this moment, his eyes were blood red, and his hatred was monstrous!

He really didn't expect that Qin Feng and the clone would be able to kill Yao Tianming in one face.

At this moment, he suddenly wanted to understand why there was a Heavenly Curse Sword in the hands of the Mu Ling clone, and why they had been unable to contact Yao Curse.

It turned out that Yaocuo had already been harmed by these two evil thieves!

Then his grandson Yaoyu must also be killed!

Thinking of this, his anger grew even higher, and he rushed towards Qin Feng frantically.

In the process, he had a golden long knife in his hand, which was the seventh-order weapon - the Dragon Slaying Blade!

In the blink of an eye, he killed Qin Feng and chopped it down violently!

Swish!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

The momentum on Yao Tianxun's body exploded instantly, and the momentum of the eighth-level peak was fully revealed.

Swish!

Qin Feng also shot!

Knife light flashed!

Shinra Heavenly Blade, go up against it!

At that moment, the aura on his body also exploded completely, and the aura of the middle stage of the Eighth Layer was fully revealed.

"go to hell!"

At this moment, Yao Tianxun's expression was extremely ferocious!

It turns out that this kid has the strength of the middle stage of the eighth layer.

Such strength, coupled with another help, in the case of a sudden sneak attack, it is indeed possible to kill Yao Tianming.

But he is different from Yao Tianming, he is a dignified eighth-level peak powerhouse, and his strength is two levels stronger than Yao Tianming!

This time, he was going to kill this kid to avenge Yao Tianming.

He wants to let this kid know that there is a huge gap between the peak of the eighth layer and the middle stage of the eighth layer!

Swish!

Yao Tianxun slashed down with a ferocity!

click! click! click!

Where the knife light passed, all time, space, and Dao laws were turned into dust, with a monstrous atmosphere that destroyed everything.

At the same moment, Qin Feng's knife also slashed.

In the blink of an eye, the two knives will collide!

Both sides are full blows!

At this moment, a silver light flashed in Qin Feng's eyes, and a soul thorn instantly shot out, hitting the opponent's soul body.

boom!

That invisible attack directly slammed into Yao Tianxun's sea of ​​consciousness.

But Yao Tianxun just frowned slightly, without any influence.

In the next second, endless ridicule flowed out of his eyes!

It turned out that this kid also mastered the soul skills,

The funny thing is, to actually use a soul-type skill in front of him is simply a slap in the face and overestimated!

At the same moment, Qin Feng was also greatly surprised.

His Soul Extinguishing Eye was ineffective against Yao Tianxun!

You must know that even if the strength of the opponent's soul body is comparable to his own, Soul Extinguishing Eye can greatly affect the opponent.

And Yao Tianxun was not affected in the slightest, indicating that the strength of his soul body has reached the ninth level of heaven!

This guy's soul body is so strong?

It was at this moment that the two knives intersected in an instant!

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

The huge sound wave, like a violent shock wave, spreads wildly around, sweeping across thousands of miles like a gust of wind, it seems to destroy everything, and it is extremely terrifying!

The people below were shocked and their eardrums hurt, and their whole body was churning with qi and blood, and they were all horrified.

The next second, Qin Feng groaned and stepped back a thousand feet.

Yao Tianxun also groaned, and was also shocked back a thousand feet.

In the first face-to-face, the two sides fought evenly.

This time, Yao Tianxun was stunned, his eyes were actually unbelievable!

The other party obviously only has the momentum of the middle stage of the eighth layer, but he can fight on an equal footing with himself!

how can that be?

You must know that his combat power has reached 60,000 stars, which is the limit of the eighth level of heaven.

Looking at the momentum that Qin Feng exudes, it is only 51,000 stars.

In terms of weapons, the opponent is a seventh-order war sword, and his is also a seventh-order combat power, and no one has taken advantage of it.

Damn it!

He clearly had nearly 10,000 stars in combat power, and his weapons were comparable, but he still fought evenly!

This made Yao Tianxun unacceptable and extremely annoyed!

At the same time, Qin Feng was also looking at Yao Tianxun.

This guy is actually a super powerhouse of the eighth peak!

That's not good to kill!

Thinking of this, his peeping eyes, he asked Yao Tian to probe...

[Human]: The Hidden One

[realm]: heaven level (high-grade combined road)

[Level]: Level 69

[Talent]: Law of Darkness (Class A), Law of Gold (Class A), Law of Strength (Class A), Law of Soul Path (Class S)

[Combat Strength]: Peak of the Eighth Level of Heaven

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Origin]: From the mysterious force Yaotian clan.

After reading this, Qin Feng was a little surprised.

This guy is actually a high-grade heaven-level powerhouse, and his strength has reached the peak of the eighth-level heaven level.

What's even more amazing is that this guy has also mastered the S-level Soul Dao Law.

No wonder, he had no response to the attack of Soul Destruction Tong before.

Those who have the talent of the Soul Dao Law are naturally not afraid of Soul Dao attacks.

Unless, Qin Feng's soul power is stronger than his.

But Yao Tianxun, with the help of soul dao talent, has reached the initial level of the ninth level of heaven, and is stronger than Qin Feng's soul body, so he is not afraid of the attack of the soul.

At this moment, an extremely dazzling white light flew from below and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer) successfully, you will get +9100 attributes, +93 million energy points, and +1700 points. 】

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer) successfully, your pet +200 points. 】

0

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was surprised.

Killing a secret person of the eighth level of heaven, the light attribute points skyrocketed by 9100 points.

The points of Longyuan Town also increased to 171,000 points.

This is a huge profit!

Looking at the energy value again, there was actually 93 million, which made his level progress skyrocket to 99.99% at level 34, which was just one line away from level 35.

Perhaps, if he kills the guy in front of him again, he will be able to rise to level 35.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

At the same moment, Yao Tianxun had calmed down.

He looked at Qin Feng again, and opened up the foundation to spy on Qin Feng.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

what!

Talent level realm!

boom!

Yao Tianxun was shocked, his eyes widened!

Oh my God!

This guy is at the Earth-level realm, and he actually has the strength comparable to the eighth-level peak of the heaven-level!

Yao Tianxun almost thought he had read it wrong.

This time Qin Feng gave him a shock!

Hundred times stronger than before!

hiss!

After a long time, he took a deep breath and his expression became serious.

Up to now, he has guessed that Qin Feng is in front of him!

0

This Qin Feng's potential and talent are too enchanting, far beyond their imagination!

This child has to be removed!

Swish!

At this moment, light and shadow flashed around Qin Feng, and the Mu Ling clone arrived.

Seeing this, Yao Tianxun's expression changed slightly.

Previously, the wood spirit clone shot, and he estimated that its comprehensive combat power was equivalent to the early stage of the eighth level of heaven.

A Qin Feng gave him a headache, and now with an assistant in the early eighth stage, this situation is not good for him!

It seems that he can only use his hole cards!

"Qin Feng little thief! You dare to kill my Yao clan disciple! Today, this deity will let you die without a burial place!"

As soon as the voice fell, Yao Tianxun pinched a seal in his hand.

Boom!

Suddenly, the world shook!