Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

click! click! click!

The next second, above Yao Tianxun's head, the sky slowly cracked.

Immediately afterwards, a bone dragon with a length of 10,000 meters and a body of white flames slowly burst out of the air.

As soon as the bone dragon appeared, the mighty and mighty dragon shrouded the audience, causing the world to tremble.

Qin Feng hurriedly looked away at the bone dragon

[Evil Object]: White Flame Bone Dragon (Undead War Puppet)

[realm]: heaven level (high-grade combined road)

[Level]: Level 67

[Talent]: Law of Darkness (A-level), Law of Fire (A-level), S-level bloodline talent (True Dragon)

[Combat Strength]: Peak of the Eighth Level of Heaven

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Origin]: Before his death, he was a 9th-level Flood Dragon. After his death, he was used to enslave the dragon soul with his S-rank Soul Dao talent and transformed it into an undead war puppet.

[Status]: Controlled

Seeing this, Qin Feng was greatly surprised.

This is actually an undead war puppet at the peak of the eighth level of heaven!

What is even more shocking is that this bone dragon was actually a ninth-level existence before his death, and he doesn't know how the guy in front of him killed it and enslaved the dragon soul.

I guess he was looking for someone to help.

Qin Feng guessed right!

Back then, it was with the help of the patriarch that Yao Tianxun slaughtered this heaven-level ninth-level flame flood dragon and transformed it into his own undead battle puppet, the White Flame Bone Dragon.

Because his eighth-order skill is the undead puppet technique.

As soon as the White Flame Bone Dragon appeared, Yao Tianxun breathed a sigh of relief.

Now the situation is, two to two!

But on his side are the two peaks of the eighth level.

Qin Feng's side is also an eighth peak and an eighth early stage.

So, he wins!

Chapter 391 The Holy Light Shines! Kill the bone dragon!

Thinking of this, Yao Tianxun looked at Qin Feng with a grim look.

"Little thief! You are dead! Do it!"

As soon as the voice fell, Yao Tianxun's figure flashed, and he slaughtered at Mu Ling's clone.

Roar!

The White Flame Bone Dragon roared and slaughtered at Qin Feng.

It turned out that Yao Tianxun's idea was to let the white flame bone dragon entangle Qin Feng, and he would first destroy the wood spirit clone.

Then, he joined hands with the bone dragon to destroy Qin Feng.

Boom!

One person and one dragon were dispatched, and the ghosts and gods of the world were shocked!

Two strands of supreme heavenly power at the peak of the eighth-level, mighty, rolled towards Qin Feng and Mu Ling's clones, covering a thousand miles in an instant.

click! click! click!

Under the power of heaven, the earth cracks!

Everyone in Long Yuan was terrified, and looked at the sky nervously.

Two eight peaks!

Can the boss handle it?

In the blink of an eye, Yao Tianxun and Bone Dragon came close.

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Yao Tianxun roared and killed the wood spirit clone.

He wanted to kill one first to avenge Yao Tianming.

Qin Feng smiled coldly.

He naturally knew that Mu Ling's clone was not Yao Tianxun's opponent, so he would go up against it...

Roar!

But at this moment, a dragon roar resounded throughout the world!

The bone dragon is also killed!

boom!

The bone dragon hit the dragon claw and slammed directly at Qin Feng.

It wants to contain Qin Feng and prevent him from helping Mu Ling's clone.

Click!

The power of the dragon's claws destroyed the sky and the earth. With one blow, the void shattered, and it slammed into Qin Feng in the blink of an eye.

Seeing that Qin Feng's avatar was lacking in skills, the Mu Ling avatar was about to be crushed by Yao Tianxun, and everyone below was extremely anxious.

At this critical moment, Qin Feng's figure flickered, and it was divided into two parts.

At this moment, he activated the eighth-order skill - the body of two poles!

The next second, the white-haired body of light faced the bone dragon!

The dark body with black hair greeted Yao Tianxun!

At the same time, the wood spirit clone also launched a frantic attack on the bone dragon.

boom! boom!

Two loud bangs!

The body of darkness and Yao Tianxun fought on an equal footing, and both sides retreated a thousand feet.

On the other side, the body of light and the avatar of the wood spirit joined forces to shake the bone dragon back thousands of meters away, while they stayed still and gained the upper hand.

boom!

Seeing this scene, Yao Tianxun was completely dumbfounded!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He looked at Qin Feng's two main bodies in disbelief, one with black hair and the other with white hair. The momentum was exactly the same as the previous body, and the strength was not weakened in the slightest.

This is equivalent to double the strength!

"This is the body of two poles!"

Yao Tianxun exclaimed from the bottom of his heart!

He recognized the details in an instant, and there was an unbelievable color deep in his eyes.

In the previous fight, he sensed that Qin Feng also mastered the S-level soul dao talent, as well as the S-level destruction talent and the S-level killing talent talent.

Because of this, Qin Feng was able to compete with him with a combat power of around 50,000 stars.

He thought that Qin Feng could master three S-level talents, that was the limit.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng also mastered an S-level talent, that is the reincarnation of light and dark.

Only by awakening the reincarnation of light and dark, can you awaken the eighth-order skill - the body of the two poles.

"damn it!"

Yao Tianxun roared in his heart.

However, that's okay too.

The display of the body of the two poles is time-limited and can only last for one hour.

As long as he and the bone dragon survive this hour and let Qin Feng's body reach the time limit, he will be able to turn defeat into victory!

"Little thief! Even if you have a bipolar body! That won't save you! How does this deity see how you can escape after an hour?!"

Yao Tianxun drank aloud.

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "I didn't expect you to be able to see that this is a bipolar body. However, you shouldn't have a chance to wait until an hour later."

"Insanity!"

Yao Tianxun was furious, so he took the initiative to slay the dark body.

At the same moment, the white flame bone dragon slaughtered the body of light and the clone of the wood spirit...

In just a moment, the two sides are at war!

boom! boom! boom!

In this fight, the two sides were killed, as if the world was about to collapse immediately.

Everyone below was dumbfounded, holding their breaths, not even breathing!

At this moment, the battle on the field was divided into two groups.

The body of darkness and Yao Tianxun were killed together!

The two sides come and go, and no one can do anything for a while.

On the other side, the body of light and the clone of the wood spirit suppressed the white flame bone dragon and gained the upper hand.

However, they only suppressed the bone dragon, but they were unable to cause substantial damage to the bone dragon.

If this goes on, Yao Tianxun will definitely be able to hold on for an hour.

By that time, Qin Feng's body of two poles will not be able to display, and it will be time for Yao Tianxun to fight back.

Yao Tianxun watched this scene here, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

He thought to himself that as long as he could hold out for an hour, the victory would be his in the end.

At that time, as long as he kills Qin Feng, all the sacrifices will be worth it.

Yao Tianxun is more confident the more he thinks about it!

In this way, the two sides fought fiercely together!

For a time, the battle fell into a stalemate.

Below, everyone in Long Yuan looked anxious again. Nervous and helpless.

In the face of such a level of war capital, they have no qualifications to intervene at all...

At the same moment, in the depths of the forgotten forest tens of thousands of miles away.

The Mirage clone has just finished disposing of the corpse of a king-level beast.

After doing this, he slowly raised his head and looked towards the direction of the Yuan clan resident.

He and Qin Feng are of the same mind, and he can clearly see everything that happened in the battlefield.

However, he did not intend to go back to help.

This is the meaning of the body!

The phantom avatar looked back and looked behind him. He had already crossed most of the Forgotten Forest and would soon be able to enter the second area.

If he just rushes back like this, then Lu Bai will be on his way, and the plan to enter the No. 2 area ahead of time will be in vain.

Besides, he stayed in the Forgotten Forest, which was the retreat of Duan Yao Tianxun, and he could not let him escape.

In fact, there is no need for him to rush back.

As long as the Moon Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone rush back, they can immediately turn the tide of the battle.

Right now, the two clones are chasing the last target.