Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As long as they kill the last target and rush back immediately, they will surely be able to kill Yao Tianxun by surprise.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone smiled.

Then, he looked up in a certain direction.

Just in that direction, the figure of the ice spirit clone was rushing through the dark jungle.

With the help of spiritual consciousness, he walks in the dark night, just like the day.

Coming!

Bing Ling muttered as he distracted himself.

The last target he found was just ahead.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

A quick burst!

After a while, he rushed to a mountain col.

In that mountain pass, a lion with two wings on its back was sleeping in the corner.

Suddenly, the rapid sound of breaking the air woke it up!

It looked up quickly, and saw a human rushing into the col.

The person who came was the avatar of the ice spirit.

Roar!

The lion roars!

The aura of the pinnacle of the prefecture burst out in an instant.

A silver light flashed in the eyes of the Bing Ling clone!

Soul Extinguisher - Activate!

call out!

Invisible soul stimuli shot out instantly!

puff!

A soft sound!

It's like a dead light goes out!

The ghost lion's soul body was instantly blasted.

It was shocked all over, and then the seven orifices bleed and fell to the ground with a bang.

In the next second, a dark treasure chest appeared on the corpse, and at the same time provided Qin Feng with 15 reputation.

The ice spirit clone was overjoyed.

Soul Extinguishing Eye is easy to use!

As long as his mind moves, he can kill an earth-level peak beast.

Immediately, he stepped forward to extract the corpse and obtained 40 attributes, which was also a small gain.

The Bing Ling clone satisfactorily put away the treasure chest and the corpse of the beast, and turned to look in the other direction.

That is the location of the Moon Spirit clone.

Right now, after the Moon Spirit clones are processed, they can rush back to the battlefield and help the main body...

At the same moment, the Moon Spirit clone was rushing towards a water pool at the fastest speed.

Right next to the water pool, a giant beast with a body length of 1000 feet and a tiger body with a python tattoo is drinking water with its head down.

Its huge body like a hill, standing beside the water pool, makes the water pool look extraordinarily small.

Suddenly, the giant beast heard the sound of breaking the air behind him!

It was suddenly alert, and turned back quickly, and saw a human rushing towards it.

Roar!

The beast roars!

The terrifying aura of the second level of heaven burst out in an instant.

This is actually an emperor-level beast!

Swish!

But before it could react, the Moon Spirit clone slashed down with one sword.

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The giant beast didn't even have a chance to resist, and was cut into two halves by a sword.

In the next second, three dark treasure chests appeared on the corpse of the giant beast, and provided Qin Feng with 20 reputation...

Finally done!

It's time to fight back!

The Yueling clone hurried forward and put away the treasure chest and the corpse of the beast...

At the same time, the Yuan clan stationed in the sky.

On the battlefield, the two sides have been fighting for more than ten minutes, and they are still in a stalemate.

Suddenly, Qin Feng's two main bodies lit up with an upgraded white light at the same time.

He finally reached level 35!

Strength has increased!

It turned out that Yueling clone beheaded the beast of the second level, and the energy provided just allowed him to complete the upgrade.

When Yao Tianxun saw this scene, he couldn't help being stunned.

The White Flame Bone Dragon was also stunned!

But before they could react, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

Qin Feng's body of light moved.

Swish! Swish!

The Moon Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone appeared at the same time.

The White Flame Bone Dragon was shocked!

But without waiting for it to think about it, Qin Feng's body of light lit up with dazzling white light!

At that moment, he was like the sky in the sky, shining for thousands of miles, and he also carried an incomparably sacred aura.

That is the light-based skill - super holy light!

Under the Holy Light!

Dispel all darkness!

All evil spirits have been purified!

Roar!

Under the shroud of holy light, the bone dragon roared in pain, its momentum plummeted, and only about 80% remained in the blink of an eye.

It is an evil thing of the undead, and this super holy light technique is to restrain its existence.

Qin Feng has long known its weaknesses, and has not made a move, just waiting for the two clones to be ready.

Now, the two avatars have arrived, and the sure-kill blow erupts!

Under the holy light, the Qi 5.3 potential of the bone dragon fell from the peak of the eighth level of the sky to the middle stage of the eighth level of the sky.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

In the next second, the main body of light, the wood spirit clone, the moon spirit clone, and the ice spirit clone attacked the bone dragon at the same time, all with all their strength.

The bone dragon raised its claws and rungs while painfully resisting the erosion of the Holy Light.

boom! boom! boom!

An earth-shattering bang!

The giant claws of the bone dragon were smashed to pieces!

The aftermath of the four major attacks continued to bombard the bone dragon!

Ka Kabang!

Another shocking explosion!

The body of the bone dragon was blasted on the spot!

puff!

The dragon soul is also instantly annihilated!

An endless howl echoed in the night sky.

The huge bone body rolled and fell in the air

[Successfully kills the level 65 White Flame Bone Dragon (Imperial Level), you will get +401.7 million energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the level 65 White Flame Bone Dragon (Imperial Level), you gain +30 reputation. 】

[Successfully kills the level 65 White Flame Bone Dragon (Imperial Level), you will get +50 million Judgment Points. 】

At this moment, the body of light and the three clones joined forces to kill the white flame bone dragon

Yao Tianxun was instantly dumbfounded!

PS: Recommend two good historical texts "Da Qin: Your Majesty Helps Your Life, the Emperor's Grandson Is About to Kill Crazy", "Three Kingdoms: Mastering the People of the World, Helping Liu Bei to Conquer the World",

The authors of the two books are Tianbang authors, and the quality is guaranteed. Readers who like historical texts can take a look.

Chapter 391 Judgment Lord! Life and death cycle!

At this moment, the main body of light and the three clones joined forces to kill the white flame bone dragon...

Yao Tianxun was instantly dumbfounded!

But without waiting for him to think about it, An Zhi's mind moved.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Suddenly, Yao Tianxun flashed white light around him.

The body of light and the three clones were instantly summoned by the body of darkness.

boom! boom! boom!

In the next second, the two main bodies and the three clones launched an attack on Yao Tianxun at the same time...

That joint strike, the momentum will destroy the sky and the earth, it seems that it can destroy everything, and it is extremely terrifying!

"not good!"

Yao Tianxun was so frightened that he lost his mind.

He felt that the momentum of the joint strike suddenly approached the threshold of the ninth heaven level.

That's definitely not something he can resist!

But at that moment, it was too late for him to escape.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Nothing more, Qin Feng's space call is too fast, beyond his reaction time.

In the panic, he stabbed with all his strength to block Qin Feng's joint strike.