Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

when!

A sound of gold and iron!

It resounds through the sky!

Yao Tianxun's long knife was knocked thousands of feet away!L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Qin Feng's attack momentum has not diminished, and the five attacks are still madly attacking Yao Tianxun.

hum!

In the panic, Yao Tianxun held up a protective mask.

boom! boom! boom!

A series of violent attacks!

In an instant, the mask was defeated, and Yu Wei bombarded Yao Tianxun as much as possible, directly smashing the inner armor he was wearing.

"Wow!"

Yao Tianxun screamed and vomited blood and flew out tens of thousands of meters away.

His chest was even more deeply sunken, and more than a dozen ribs were broken, which was extremely miserable.

Under this blow, Yao Tianxun was hit hard!

Its momentum plummeted by 16, and it fell directly to the mid-level of the eighth level of heaven.

call out! call out!

After two consecutive teleports, the light and dark body instantly appeared in front of Yao Tianxun.

Swish! Swish!

The two attacks slashed at Yao Tianxun at the same time, trying to give him the final blow.

Do not!

Yao Tianxun widened his eyes in horror.

This time, he couldn't resist any longer.

If he takes this attack hard again, he will surely die.

In the panic, he flipped it over, and there was a **** card in the palm of his hand, which was his last life-saving means.

Click!

Yao Tianxun suddenly crushed the divine card!

call out!

In the next second, he turned into a blood-colored rainbow light and quickly escaped in the direction of the Forgotten Forest.

Qin Feng's attack suddenly failed!

The two main bodies looked up again and saw that Yao Tian had already reached a hundred miles away.

The speed was so fast that it far surpassed the ninth level of the sky, and it suddenly reached the level of the demigod.

Even if Qin Feng has speed talent, wind talent, and space talent, he can't catch up in speed!

After all, in order to escape, Yao Tianxun consumed an extremely precious eighth-order divine card—the Wanli Blood Escape Card.

With a speed comparable to that of a demigod, he could flee thousands of miles away in a moment.

In just a moment, Yao Tianxun escaped without a trace and disappeared from Qin Feng's sight.

The people below are stunned!

At this moment, there was silence in the field!

No way? !

That guy escaped!

Qin Feng's two main bodies also stared blankly at the direction of Yao Tianxun's disappearance.

But in the next second, the corners of the mouths of the two main bodies were slightly raised, and a playful smile appeared at the same time.

This guy can't escape!

Fortunately, he stayed behind and left the Mirage clone in the Forgotten Forest, so that Yao Tianxun could be intercepted at that time.

The eighth-order **** card has a distance limit, and after escaping thousands of miles, the effect disappears.

And the location of the phantom avatar is tens of thousands of miles away from the Yuan clan's residence, and even in front of Yao Tianxun.

Thinking of this, the two main bodies sneered, and they merged into one and changed back to the main body.

call out!

At this moment, a white light suddenly lit up in the field, and hurried away in the direction of Yao Tianxun.

Qin Feng teleported to Bai Guang and grabbed him.

hum!

The white light trembled!

It was the seventh-order weapon that Yao Tianxun had been knocked flying before - the Dragon Slaying Blade!

Weapons of the fifth rank and above all need to drop blood to recognize the master.

Even if the master is thousands of miles away, he has the ability to summon weapons to return.

At this moment, Yao Tianxun is summoning the Dragon Slaying Blade to return!

This is a seventh-order sword, and it is invaluable. How could he throw it away?

Generally speaking, once a high-end weapon is recognized as the owner, others cannot use it.

Unless the owner of the weapon is beheaded, the weapon can be re-identified as the owner.

However, there is one exception!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stroked the long knife with a palm, and a faint red light lit up in the palm of his hand...

click!

In the next second, there was a light sound in the body of the knife!

Immediately, the long knife no longer struggled, and the white light that lit up automatically converged...

[Reminder: You have forcibly erased the soul imprint of the previous owner of ‘Dragon Slaying Blade’, and Dragon Slaying Blade has returned to the state of ‘unidentified master’. 】

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng smiled.

This is another magical effect of Soul Dao talent, which can forcibly plunder the equipment that has been recognized as the master.

Then, with a wave of his hand, he threw the Dragon Slaying Blade to the Moon Spirit clone.

Yueling clone was overjoyed, and quickly refined and recognized the master.

So far, Qin Feng has obtained a seventh-order weapon in another clone.

After doing this, Qin Feng fell from the sky, ready to clean up the battlefield...

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up again on his body...

[You have been promoted to level 21 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

[It is detected that you have mastered the S-level 'Reincarnation of Light and Darkness' talent, the judge's level has exceeded level 20, and you have reached the standard for promotion to the judge of the master. Now you will start to advance... 】

[Congratulations on your successful advancement of your vocation and becoming the 21st-level judge master. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Judgment Master', strength index +1000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Judgment Master', agility index +1000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Judgment Master', BMI +1000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Judgment Master', energy index +1000 points]

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body is full of aura, the body is roaring constantly, and the momentum is soaring all the way...

Advanced!

His vocation has finally advanced!

Qin Feng was greatly surprised.

Obviously, this is the huge benefit he has brought from killing the White Flame Bone Dragon and gaining 50 million Judgment Points.

At the moment, he couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the skyrocketing strength...

After a long time, all movement disappeared.

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After a while, his strength has skyrocketed!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Congratulations on obtaining the vocation skill - sharing of insights! 】

[Share of perception: You can share your perception of light and dark talents with the light messengers and dark messengers under your command. 】

[Initiation of sharing of perception: You are sharing the perception of 'The Law of Extreme Yang' with the light messenger 'Little Luan'er'...]

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness was churning, and a lot of information poured into his mind.

That was Xiao Luan'er's perception of the Law of Extreme Yang!

At that moment, his understanding of the law of extreme sun increased wildly...

The insights gained by two people are definitely stronger than that of one person.

At the same time, Qin Feng's perception of the law of extreme sun also poured into Xiao Luan'er's sea of ​​knowledge...

Xiao Luan'er also benefited a lot!

At that moment, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er both sensed that they were one line away from realizing the S-level extreme yang talent...

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations, you have made great progress in your understanding of the "Principle of Extreme Yang". 】

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations to your bright messenger 'Little Luan'er, who has also made great progress in his understanding of the 'Principle of Extreme Yang'. 】

[Sentiment sharing starts again: You are sharing the insights of the 'Ultra Yin Law' with the dark messenger 'Qiyue'...]

Boom!

Another wave of consciousness!

This time, Qin Feng began to share his insights with Qiyue.

He closed his eyes again...

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations on your realization of the S-level talent - 'The Law of Extreme Yin']

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations to your dark messenger 'Qiyue', who realized the S-level talent - 'The Law of Extreme Yin']

[Reminder: Your A-level dark law talent has been automatically promoted to S-level extreme yin talent, and your S-level 'light and dark reincarnation' talent has tripled its power. 】

330 [Reminder: The power of your S-rank 'Reincarnation of Light and Darkness' talent has increased, and the time limit for your 8th-rank skill 'Bipolar Body' will be automatically extended to 3 hours. 】

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of ecstasy.

Ha ha!

In this way, he got another S-rank talent!

The vocation skill of the Judgment Master actually has such a wonderful effect.

In this way, he has another S-rank talent, and his overall strength has greatly increased.