Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

And Qiyue finally got the first S-level talent, and her comprehensive strength also increased greatly.

Possessing an S-rank talent, to a certain extent, is equivalent to getting a certificate to become a super powerhouse.

"This time the harvest is really good!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, he was in a good mood.

He also did not expect that there would be such a big benefit after being promoted to Judge Master.

Having said that, Qiyue's comprehension is stronger than Xiaoluan'er.

Therefore, he and Xiao Qiyue shared their insights.

As soon as the perceptions of the two were superimposed, they suddenly awakened the S-level extreme yin talent.

However, Xiao Luan's comprehension is not bad.

After sharing this time, Qin Feng felt that he was one line away from realizing the S-level extreme yang talent.

It is estimated that it will not be long before he will be able to realize the Law of Extreme Yang.

This thought only came up, and Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: When you have both extreme yang and extreme yin talents, your light and dark reincarnation talent (S grade) has a certain chance to be promoted to the 'life and death reincarnation' talent (SS grade). 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

what!

It turned out that with both the extreme yang and the extreme yin talents, the reincarnation of light and dark can be promoted to SS rank!

In this way, it is very beneficial to realize the extreme yang talent!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a burst of heat in his heart.

SS-level talent!

If he has one, his strength will definitely be greatly improved.

However, this is not the time to think about these things.

He had to quickly clear the battlefield, and then go after Yao Tianxun.

He must not let Yao Tianxun escape, otherwise there will be endless troubles

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked towards the corpse in front.

That is Yao Tianming's corpse

Chapter 392 Title promotion! Against God!

As soon as Qin Feng walked over to Yao Tianming's body, high-level officials such as Liu Xuan and Qishan came over.

"Master, it's not a good thing that the person escaped earlier!"

Qishan looked worried.

"Yeah! Boss, that person is a powerhouse at the eighth level of the sky! Let him escape, and wait for the tiger to return to the mountain!"

Liu Xuan also looked anxious.

They were a little flustered when they saw Qin Feng's delay in chasing and killing Yao Tianxun.

If Yao Tianxun was really allowed to escape, it would be a disaster!

The Yaotian family has a ninth-level powerhouse in charge!

As soon as Na Yaotian fled back, some details about Longyuan Town would be exposed.

Next time, the ninth-level powerhouse of the Yaotian family will come in person.

With Qin Feng's current strength, he is not yet an opponent of the ninth level.

Even, he may not be able to deal with the powerhouses of the ninth-level threshold of heaven.

And the Yaotian clan's ninth-level powerhouse is not the kind that has just stepped into the threshold, but a veteran ninth-level powerhouse!

At this thought, Qishan and Liu Xuan were naturally uneasy.

"Don't worry! That person can't escape! My Mirage clone is at the other end of the Forgotten Forest, waiting for him to be delivered!"

Qin Feng understood the mood of the two and directly said the next move.

After the two heard it, their eyes lit up, and they all showed joy.

It turned out that the boss had already arranged for the backhand!

Knew it!

Or the boss is thoughtful.

At the moment, Liu Xuan breathed a sigh of relief.

At this time, Qishan seemed to remember something.

He worried again: "Master, the Forgotten Forest is boundless. Once that person escapes in, he will wait like a stone sinking into the sea. Even if your Mirage clone is on the other side, it may not be able to touch him!"

"Yeah! Boss, if I didn't meet him, wouldn't it be over?"

Liu Xuan began to worry again.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "In half an hour, the prestige bet will be over. No matter where the man escapes, I know his location. Do you think he can escape back to the Yao family's residence within half an hour? ?"

"Yeah! I almost forgot about it!"

Qishan slapped his thigh, which was both surprising and happy.

Liu Xuan's face flushed with excitement: "Haha! Great! Boss, I'm afraid that person didn't expect that the prestige game he launched was just shooting himself in the foot!"

Qishan Fushou smiled and said, "That's right! The result of the prestige bet will be his last reminder!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Not much to say! When I finish cleaning up the battlefield, I have to rush over there!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, the two of Qishan stepped back and did not dare to disturb Qin Feng.

As soon as the two of them retreated, they also started to get busy.

Longyuan Town has been upgraded to level 6, and the next step is to upgrade to level 7 town.

This is their main goal next.

When a village reaches level 5, it becomes a town.

When a town reaches level 10, it becomes a city.

The next big goal of Longyuan Town is to upgrade to Longyuan City.

Qin Feng has no time to worry about these trivial matters, so Qishan and Liu Xuan and other high-level officials will naturally arrange them.

But he said that Qin Feng came to Yao Tianming's corpse and quickly completed the extraction, and got a total of 200 attributes, which was considered a small gain.

In addition, he also got a storage ring.

He glanced at the storage ring, and he was overjoyed.

The next second, he took out two things from the storage ring.

One is Zhang Shenka, and the other is a seventh-order long sword - Ming Ye Sword.

Immediately, he waved his hand and threw the Ming Ye Sword to the Bing Ling clone.

The Bing Ling clone happily took it and hurriedly started refining.

So far, among his four avatars, except for the phantom avatar, all have a seventh-order weapon.

As soon as this weapon was replaced, the overall strength of the clone increased a lot.

After dealing with Ming Yejian, Qin Feng looked at the **** card in his hand.

[Supreme synthesis card: A seventh-order **** card, which can combine five purple diamond treasure chests into an epic treasure chest. 】

This is another Supreme Synthesis Card!

This is also the third Supreme Card he got.

The second Supreme Card was obtained from Yaozhu.

It can be seen from this that there are quite a few divine cards in the hands of the Yaotian family.

What's even better is that he still has extra dark treasure chests and golden treasure chests in his hand, which is just used to synthesize the second epic treasure chest to expand his income.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the divine card with satisfaction, and turned Yao Tianming's body into ashes.

The income given by Yao Tianming is still very good.

In addition to those two things, there are a lot of cherished resources in the storage ring, but Qin Feng has no time to take inventory.

Soon, Qin Feng came to the skeleton of the White Flame Bone Dragon again.

Seeing the huge skeleton in front of him, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

This is the skeleton of a royal-level beast, and it is an essential material used to upgrade the middle-level guardian altar, which is extremely rare.

So far, he has also encountered a second one.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to put away his skeleton.

Suddenly, his heart moved again, and he pressed his palm to the skeleton, and a white light lit up in his palm...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of true dragon blood essence (middle grade). 】ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

what!

Is this also possible?

Qin Feng was surprised and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of true dragon blood essence (middle grade). 】

Got another bunch!

continue!

【Endless extraction failed! The essence and blood in this skeleton has been extracted by you...]

good! good!

This fierce beast skeleton actually provided him with two groups of mid-grade true dragon blood essence, which was really an unexpected surprise!

Qin Feng put away the blood essence and the skeleton of the beast with satisfaction.

At this point, the battlefield is cleared!

Qin Feng once again received a lot of money.

After everything was settled, it was time for him to deal with Yao Tianxun.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air, leaving only a space node the size of a soybean.

The wood spirit clone opened its mouth and took a breath, then swallowed the node.

At this time, the Moon Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone have also finished refining their respective seventh-order weapons.

In the next second, the three clones turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air...

At the same moment, the Forgotten Forest, near the edge of the second area.

The phantom clone is searching for the king beast and the emperor beast everywhere.

The prestige bet is not over yet!

Qin Feng naturally wants to earn more prestige before the bet ends, so that he can get more rewards.

Suddenly, the phantom avatar seemed to sense and stopped.

In the next second, white light flashed around him.

The three avatars appeared out of thin air!

It turned out that he used Space Summon to summon all the three clones.

Then, the three clones moved in three directions and dived into the vast jungle.