Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

They also went to hunt the king beast and the emperor beast.

At this time, the four avatars are hunting the beasts while waiting for Yao Tianxun to escape...

At the same moment, somewhere in the sky above the Forgotten Forest, an extremely embarrassed figure appeared.

That was Yao Tianxun who had escaped all the way!

At this moment, he looked at the direction of the Yuan clan's residence with lingering fears, and he could not calm down for a long time.

If it wasn't for his possession of an eighth-tier 'Ten Thousand Miles of Blood Escape Card', I'm afraid his life would have been given to the Yuan clan's residence.

I didn't expect it!

That Qin Feng is so powerful!

"Hey! My Dragon Slaying Blade?!"

Yao Tianxun's expression changed slightly.

His originally pale face turned even paler now.

At this moment, he sensed that he had lost contact with the Dragon Slaying Blade.

Damn it!

The Dragon Slaying Blade must have been captured by Qin Feng!

That kid has mastered the Soul Dao talent, and he has the ability to forcibly plunder equipment.

Thinking of this, Yao Tianxun was extremely angry!

Qin Feng thief!

You wait for the deity!

As long as the deity returns to the clan, he will definitely ask the patriarch to go out and let him personally kill you!

By the way, count the time, the patriarch is about to leave, right?

This is the seventh time the patriarch has hit the bottleneck of the middle stage of the ninth-level heaven, and it is also the most certain one.

It is estimated that the patriarch's strength should have reached the middle stage of the ninth heaven level when he left the border this time.

The middle stage of the ninth level of heaven!

Far from being comparable to the eight peaks!

Even if the Qin Feng thief has many clones and a bipolar body, his comprehensive strength is infinitely close to the threshold of the ninth level, not as good as the early stage of the ninth level, let alone the mid-ninth stage powerhouse ratio.

As long as the patriarch takes action himself, that Qin Feng will surely die!

Thinking of this, Yao Tianxun breathed a sigh of relief.

This time he came here, not for nothing, at least he found out the details of Qin Feng's strength.

By the way, the little thief won't chase after him, right?

Thinking of this, he was a little uneasy again.

Now, he is afraid of Qin Feng!

In the previous battle, he also suffered huge losses.

Not only did he lose the Dragon Slaying Blade, but his trump card 'White Flame Bone Dragon' was also destroyed.

This has greatly damaged his strength!

If he is caught up by Qin Feng again, he will be dead.

"The little thief shouldn't be able to catch up! I used the Blood Escape Card! However, I have a reputation to bet with him. In half an hour, the bet will end. At that time, it's not good..."

Yao Tianxun seemed to have thought of something, and his face changed greatly.

As soon as the prestige bet ends, his position will be revealed.

no!

He has to hurry and escape to District 2!

As long as he rushes to the second area and enters the WindClan station, it will be safe.

There is a teleportation formation leading to the Yao Clan's station at the Feng Clan station.

Thinking of this, he looked up at the direction of the Wind Clan station.

In the past, he would be able to arrive at the Wind Clan station in about forty minutes.

Now, he is seriously injured and his strength has plummeted. It is estimated that it will be about an hour.

Don't want so much, he has to run away quickly!

Yao Tianxun was a little flustered!

He also didn't expect that the prestige gambling would actually become his life reminder.

At the moment, he took out a healing pill and swallowed it directly.

He has no wood element talent and cannot recover from the injury, so he can only suppress the injury with medicinal herbs and prevent it from getting worse.

After doing this, he just dodged and hurried away in the direction of Area 2...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

In the secret training room, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er have been released from the psychic union.

At this moment, he is checking his latest data...

[Level]: Level 35 0.02%

[Reputation]: 1241 points (novice supreme)

[Combat Strength]: 38,500 stars

[Free attribute]: 9140 points

After reading this, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

After this battle, his combat power increased from 38,400 stars to 38,500 stars, and he also gained 9,140 attributes.

With this in mind, he quickly added some more.

After a while, more than 9,000 attributes were added, and his combat power was once again raised to 38,700 stars.

This is a 1,300-star combat power away from the 40,000-star combat power target.

By the way, he still has dragon blood!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly sat cross-legged,

Afterwards, he took out a ball of mid-grade true dragon blood essence and swallowed it in one bite...

In the next second, his body began to roar continuously.

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +180, Agility +170, Constitution +192, Energy +190! 】

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +201, Agility +197, Constitution +172, Energy +171! 】

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +193, Agility +181, Constitution +198, Energy +192! 】

…

In this way, Qin Feng refined the blood essence of the middle-grade real dragon, and his momentum began to soar...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, more than four hours passed in the zero-degree space.

Counting the time, in 2 minutes from the outside world, the prestige bet will end.

He and Yao Tianxun can know each other's location!

The real hunt is about to begin!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes.

He finally refined that group of blood essence!

As soon as he opened his eyes, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Detected: Your combat power has broken 40,200 stars, and your reputation has broken 1,311 points. Congratulations on your new title - God-defying! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Anti-God', the strength index has increased by 10,000 points. 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Anti-God', the agility index has increased by 10,000 points. 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Anti-God' and your BMI increased by 10,000 points. 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Anti-God', the energy index has increased by 10,000 points. 】

what!

That's how you got the title!

Obtained the "God Against God", the four-dimensional index, each item has increased by 10,000 points!

The reward for this title is too exaggerated! It's so powerful!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Boom word!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a golden beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's whole body

In the next second, his title was changed, and his momentum was soaring wildly.

Chapter 393 Strength skyrockets! Kill Tianxun!

After a long time, the golden beam of light gradually dissipated!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

His title has finally been promoted!

The next second, he opened the panel to view the latest data

[Level]: Level 35 1.71%

[Reputation]: 1311 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 48,000 stars

The basic combat power has skyrocketed to 48,000 stars!

If you count the power of foundation building, his combat power will reach 54,000 stars, and his strength has greatly improved!

You must know that he and Xiao Luan'er were psychic together before, and their combat power was only 51,000 stars.

Today, his combat power can reach 54,000 stars.

If you count his various S-level talents and eighth-level skills, his comprehensive strength has already surpassed the eighth-level peak and reached the threshold of the ninth-level heaven.

If he reunites with Xiao Luan'er, that would be the proper initial strength of the ninth level of heaven.

Heaven-level ninth-level powerhouse!

Those are the dominant figures in the competition area!

According to Tiandao's tips, the patriarchs of the top ten mysterious forces, and the weakest patriarch Yaotian, are already at the peak of the early stage of the ninth level of heaven, and they are just one line away from the middle stage of the ninth level of heaven.

In addition, the mysterious forces all have divine objects in their hands.

The patriarch is the only person who has the authority to use the divine artifact.

And after the patriarch uses the divine artifact, his strength will more than double.

In other words, in the mid-term of the ninth level of the heavens, using the divine artifact, the strength can reach the peak of the ninth level of the heavens.

In this case, Qin Feng is not the opponent of Yaotian's patriarch.

If that guy used the Heaven-suppressing divine artifact, his strength would be at least the peak of the middle stage of the ninth-level heaven level, and the next level would be the peak of the ninth-level stage.

However, Qin Feng is not worried.

He will soon have a bigger reward in his hands.

Thinking of this, he aimed at his reputation value: 1311 points.