Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Prestige bet, over 900 points will be rewarded with 100,000 attribute points.

For every 50 points of prestige, increase 10,000 points of attributes.

1311 points of prestige, converted, you can get 180,000 points of attribute rewards.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart burst into flames.

Then, he glanced at the time, there was only 1 minute left, and the bet was about to end.

He should go out and see!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air...

At the same time, at 707, the Forgotten Forest, somewhere in the sky.

Yao Tianxun was looking at the direction of Area 2 from a distance.

In another ten minutes, he will be able to reach the second area.

As long as he entered the second area, he was basically safe.

Thinking of this, he breathed a sigh of relief.

By the way, the prestige challenge is coming to an end.

I wonder if Qin Feng will win the bet this time?

With that kid's strength, it's not difficult to break 900 reputation points.

Before, when I went to the Yuan clan station, that kid stayed in the station all the time and didn't earn prestige at all.

This shows that his reputation is very likely, it has already broken 900 points, so he is not in a hurry!

Thinking of this, Yao Tianxun began to panic!

Before, he was in a hurry to escape and didn't have time to think about these details.

Thinking back on it now, he was extremely depressed!

Damn it!

Once this bet is lost, Qin Feng will get 100,000 attribute rewards, and I will be deducted 200,000 attributes!

Yao Tianxun lamented in his heart!

One reward and two penalties!

For him who was seriously injured, it was even worse!

By the way, will Qin Feng's reputation exceed 900 points and reach 950 points or more?

Thinking of this, Yao Tianxun panicked again.

For every extra 50 points, he will be deducted an extra 20,000 attribute points!

The punishment is very strong!

Why!

I hope that Qin Feng is not so perverted!

correct!

The guy has been staying at the station and seems to be in retreat.

He must have no time to earn fame!

It is estimated that his reputation has just broken 900 points.

Even, he may not have broken 900 points, but I think too much.

After all, prestige is something that is extremely difficult to get!

Thinking of this, Yao Tianxun breathed a sigh of relief.

He also had a bit of luck.

But just as that thought came up, a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: Prestige bet starts countdown 10….9….8….….]

what!

The countdown is over!

The answer is about to be revealed!

Yao Tianxun took a deep breath, then looked up at the sky nervously, waiting for the announcement of the Heavenly Dao...

【Countdown is over! This prestige bet is over! 】

[Congratulations to the challenger Qin Feng, the reputation has reached 1311 points, and he has obtained 180,000 attributes as a reward! 】

[Remind the initiator, Yao Tianxun, that this rule rewards one penalty and two penalties, and you will be deducted 360,000 attribute points as punishment! 】

boom!

Yao Tianxun was shocked!

What? !

Qin Feng's reputation has reached 1311 points!

At this moment, he was completely dumbfounded!

impossible!

This is impossible!

Yao Tianxun shook his head again and again!

He still couldn't believe it, thinking that he had heard it wrong.

Boom!

But before he could think about it, the sky shook, and a black beam of light descended from the sky, covering him...

In the next second, the attribute points of his four-dimensional index plummeted, and his momentum plummeted!

"Do not!"

Suddenly, Yao Tianxun's mournful wailing sounded in the field!

In just a moment, he was deducted 360,000 attribute points, his combat power plummeted by more than 7,000 stars, and his strength plummeted from the middle stage of the eighth layer to the early stage of the eighth layer.

collapse!

This time, Yao Tianxun completely collapsed!

OMG!

He was too miserable this time!

Obviously, the strength of the peak of the eighth layer has plummeted all the way to the early stage of the eighth layer.

Also, his trump card, the White Flame Bone Dragon, was also destroyed!

It's all Qin Feng's fault!

Blame that nasty little thief!

He has to run away quickly!

He wants to find the patriarch to avenge himself!

Thinking of this, Yao Tianxun's face became hideous.

His hatred for Qin Feng had already reached its peak and could not be added.

Thinking of this, he was about to leave.

But at this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: The betting rewards and punishments are over! 】

[From now on, the initiator Yao Tianxun and the challenger Qin Feng can know each other's location within three hours. Countdown now: 3:00:00….2:59:59….]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Yao Tianxun was shocked again.

The next second, a map projection appeared in front of him, and that was where the Forgotten Forest was.

The green spot on the map identifies his name.

And seven thousand miles away from the green bright spot, there is a red bright spot that identifies Qin Feng's name.

Yao Tianxun's face changed greatly.

This guy is too fast!

He was only more than seven thousand miles away.

escape!

He has to run away!

With his current strength, if Qin Feng catches up, he will definitely die.

Swish!

At the moment, Yao Tianxun's figure flashed, and he desperately fled towards the No. 2 area.

He fled for a moment, but saw the red light spot representing Qin Feng, and there was no sign of movement at all, and he was slightly relieved.

Great!

The guy didn't catch up right away!

More than seven thousand miles!

With the strength of that guy at the peak of the eighth layer, it will take twenty minutes to catch up!

And he only needed 20 minutes to rush to the Wind Clan headquarters and escape in the teleportation array.

After all, he still had time to escape!

With this thought, Yao Tianxun's heart ignited hope, and he also accelerated his escape speed...

At the same time, seven thousand miles away, somewhere above the jungle.

At this moment, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

Just now, he was rewarded with a reputation bet and gained 180,000 attributes.

180,000 attributes!

This is so comforting!

"Hey! Where is this guy!"

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked at the projected map in front of him.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

This map will last for three hours.

He saw that the green light spot marked by Yao Tianxun was escaping rapidly towards the No. 2 area, more than 7,000 miles away from him.

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

The direction that Yao Tianxun fled was the direction of the phantom avatar.

The two were more than a hundred miles apart.

This Yaotian inquiry is self-inflicted!

It turned out that the map only showed the location of Qin Feng and Yao Tianxun, but not the location of the clone.

In this way, Yao Tianxun would naturally not find out that Qin Feng's clone was blocking him in front of him.

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer pays attention to those.

He directly opened the panel and started adding points...

180,000 attribute points!

After this addition, his strength will increase by leaps and bounds.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng added his point happily...