Qin Feng slashed down with a knife.

A beautiful arc of fire was drawn in the air, like a black and red rainbow...

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The rock armor crumbles!

puff~!

The knife cut into the back more than half a foot deep, blood splattered, and there was a smell of burnt meat.

Ang~!

The Mammoth Guardian roared in pain.

Not only did the knife hurt its back, but the black hellfire was like gangrene, piercing straight into its body...

Especially the power of darkness in hellfire, as soon as it drills into its body, it turns into thousands of filaments, quickly invading every cell in its body.

Wherever the power of darkness goes, its body becomes numb and stiff, and its vigor continues to decline...

Ang~! Ang~!

The mammoth guardian roared miserably, his face showing extreme pain, and his speed suddenly slowed down...

[Reminder: The target is eroded by darkness! Speed, defense, combat power began to decline... 】

what!

Fuck it~!

It's dark erosion!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He had experienced the power of darkness erosion.

Unexpectedly, Hellfire has such an extra effect!

This is so cool!

Immediately, he rushed up and fired his sword again and again.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, the sword light flashed in the field!

The knife sees blood!

It also smells of burnt meat!

Qin Feng also found that about ten hits or so, there will be a knife that produces the effect of dark erosion...

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

The mammoth guard roared bitterly and ran away desperately.

But under the effect of dark erosion, its body is stiff, its protection is weakened, and its speed is greatly reduced.

It didn't take long before it finally couldn't hold on anymore, and stumbled to the ground.

PS: Today's Mid-Autumn Festival, I wish you a happy holiday!

Chapter 51: Besieged

Bang~!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

A muffled sound!

The huge body trembled slightly!

The Mammoth Guardian struggled for a while, and then there was no movement...

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew from his body and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the 12th-level Mammoth Guardian (mutation level) successfully and get +1700 energy points. 】

[The first kill of the 12th-level mammoth guardian (mutation level) is successful, gaining +3 reputation. 】

Ha ha! !

Killed!

Finally killed it!

1700 energy points!

Cool!

It's so cool!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng was extremely ecstatic.

His own upgrade progress also appeared in his mind: Level 7 (16300/18000)…

According to this progress, he only needs to kill another mammoth guardian, or 3 violent mammoths, and he can level up...

Hope is at hand!

Ang~!

An extremely sad and angry roar!

At this moment, the Elephant King is already in sight, only twenty meters away from Qin Feng.

It saw that Qin Feng beheaded the mammoth guard in front of it, which made it extremely sad and angry, and the anger in his heart exploded completely.

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, it rushed over like lightning.

That huge body, like a giant bulldozer, rolled over, and the momentum was extremely terrifying.

Qin Feng was shocked.

He did not dare to fight with the elephant king.

Mammoth Guardians are so hard to kill.

The Elephant King, whose strength has more than doubled, is not to mention.

What is even more terrifying is that there are two mammoth guardians and more than fifty giant elephants behind the elephant king.

If he is entangled by the elephant king, he will definitely fall into the group of elephants, and in the end, it will only be more miserable.

With this in mind, Qin Feng wanted to retreat, preparing to temporarily avoid the edge of the elephant king.

[Killing the 12th-level Mammoth Guardian successfully, the bronze treasure chest exploded. 】

exploded! exploded!

It finally exploded!

After killing so many giant elephants, a treasure chest finally exploded.

Qin Feng was overjoyed, and when he looked back, he saw a white light on the body of the mammoth guard.

Then, a bronze treasure chest emerged.

He hurried forward, picked up the treasure chest, and stuffed it into the storage ring.

Boom~Long~Long!

It was at this moment that the elephant king also arrived and charged directly at him...

In the blink of an eye, the elephant king rushed in front of Qin Feng.

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

At that moment, the elephant king's whole body, at a speed visible to the naked eye, condensed the crystal armor, and the momentum also skyrocketed a lot in an instant.

This is exactly its skill - crystal armor, which also belongs to the category of soil skills.

The defensive power of this crystal armor is several times stronger than the rock armor of the mammoth guardian.

Elephant king put on such armor, rampage, nothing is destroyed.

Qin Feng was horrified when he saw Xiang Wang's forward-looking weather, and didn't dare to touch it.

Swah~!

I saw him dodging, and avoided it to the side.

Boom~!

Howling wind!

The elephant king rushed past Qin Feng's side.

Qin Feng couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief, thinking that he had avoided it.

But I don't want to, the elephant king is extremely flexible.

As soon as it missed the hit, it just took a side kick, pushed back right and kicked Qin Feng's lower back, almost ruthlessly.

not good!

Qin Feng was greatly shocked, and he never expected Xiang Wang to react so quickly.

At this moment, he had no time to evade, so he had to turn around quickly, holding the knife in both hands and slashing with all his strength, to meet the kick.

Boom~Long~Long!

Above the long knife, a raging fire of **** was also instantly ignited, and the damage was fully opened!

In just a moment, a knife and a leg collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Sparks fly!

That knife slashed on the crystal armor of the elephant's leg, leaving only a shallow white mark, which did not even break the armor.

In the next second, the long knife was swayed by the elephant's leg, and the leg was unabated, kicking Qin Feng's chest.

not good!

Qin Feng exclaimed in his heart.

It was too late for him to evade.

At this moment of extreme crisis, his mind moved, and he activated the D-level talent - the manipulation of soil.

In just an instant, the power of the earth element between heaven and earth converged on his whole body, forming a light yellow mask.

This scene is almost identical to the protective mask on the furious mammoth.

The main defense of the earth system!

Using the power of the earth element to protect is one of the basic operations of earth manipulation.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

In just an instant, the protective mask was kicked down by the elephant king, and finally, the remaining force of the kick was firmly kicked on Qin Feng's chest.

With a grunt, he was kicked out.

At that moment, he only felt a sharp pain in his chest, and a **** breath rushed to his throat, almost spitting blood.

Bang~!

There was another heavy landing sound.

Qin Feng fell into a daze, with gold stars in his eyes.

After a while, he regained his senses and felt a pain in his chest.