Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

It didn't take long for the 180,000 attribute points to be added.

Qin Feng's combat power has skyrocketed to 51,600 stars. If you count the power of foundation building, it's 57,600 stars.

This has reached the peak level of the eighth level of heaven!

If he reunites with Xiao Luan'er, his strength can completely reach the early stage of the ninth level of heaven.

This thought made him very satisfied.

The next second, as soon as his mind moved, he turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air...

At the same time, at the edge of the forgotten forest.

Yao Tianxun fled desperately!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng's spot of light was still in place, without any movement.

Did that kid feel that he couldn't catch up with him, so he just gave up?

Look ahead again, he will be in Area 2 in five minutes.

As long as he enters the second area, he has a chance to survive.

what! That is?

Suddenly, Yao Tianxun was stunned!

He saw a stalwart figure hundreds of feet away, with his back to the bright moon, standing in the air.

At this moment, the man looked up at him.

Yao Tianxun also looked at the man.

For a moment, the two looked at each other!

boom!

In the next second, Yao Tianxun's whole body shook violently, and he was so frightened that he lost his mind.

The person in front of him has yellow skin and black hair, a slender figure and an elegant temperament. Isn't this Qin Feng!

This... how is this possible?

Isn't Qin Feng still seven thousand miles away!

Why did he run right in front of him all of a sudden?

what! wrong!

The red light spot representing Qin Feng is still standing there!

There is no light in front of this person.

correct! This guy must be Qin Feng's clone!

damn it!

Why are there so many avatars of Qin Feng?

How did he do it, let the clone ambush in advance on his retreat?

Don't want so much, his time is too late!

"Go away!"

Yao Tianxun roared and rushed towards the Mirage clone.

He wants to forcibly break through the phantom avatar.

This is the only road that leads directly to District 2.

As for Qin Feng's avatar, he has seen it before, and his strength is at the threshold of the early eighth stage, and he can't stop him.

In the blink of an eye, he came to the front and punched the phantom avatar in front of him, trying to avoid it.

call out!

But at this moment, a white light flashed next to the phantom avatar, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"This is…"

Yao Tianxun was shocked!

Swish!

But before he could react, Qin Feng cut him off.

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With just one knife, Qin Feng split it in half!

"The patriarch must avenge me! Just wait to die! Ah..."

A mournful roar echoed in the night sky!

Na Yao Tianxun's body rolled in the air and fell...

Another dazzling white light flew from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the Hidden One (Heavenly Grade Eight Peaks) successfully, you will get +12000 attributes, +140 million energy points, and +2400 points. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This is another big gain!

Although Yao Tianxun's strength plummeted to the early eighth level, it was the result of repeated heavy losses.

Tian Dao's evaluation for him is still the peak of the eighth level of heaven, which allows Qin Feng to get 12,000 attribute feedback and 2,400 points at once.

Killing the Hidden One is really powerful!

An eight-level peak has such a big profit.

That beheading the secret person of the ninth level of the heavens, the income is afraid to double, or even more.

At this thought, Qin Feng was greatly satisfied.

Then, he descended from the sky, came to Yao Tianxun's body, and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the eighth-order skill - Undead Puppet Art! 】

[Reminder: You need to comprehend both the S-level soul path talent and the A-level dark law talent in order to truly master this skill, and the combat power of the undead puppet obtained is 70% of its lifetime. 】

[Reminder: If the A-level dark law talent is promoted to the S-level extreme yin law talent, the power of the undead puppet technique can be increased, and the combat power of the undead puppet obtained is 90% of its lifetime. 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He has Soul Dao talent and Extreme Yin talent.

In other words, he mastered this 'undead puppet technique' stronger than Yao Tianxun!

Next time, when he kills a ninth-level heavenly beast, try its power.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was suddenly full of expectations.

He then continued to extract…

【Endless extraction success! You get 100 energy attributes! 】

This is also a small gain!

After the two extraction opportunities were used up, Qin Feng took off Yao Tianxun's storage ring and glanced inside.

Seeing this, his face once again showed ecstasy.

The three hundred and ninetieth chapter eighth order! Thunder Soul Crystal!

I saw that there were several treasures that were useful to Qin Feng in the storage ring.

The first is two purple diamond treasure chests.

The existing treasure chest in Qin Feng's hand is only enough to synthesize a purple diamond treasure chest.

With these two purple diamond treasure chests, as long as he gets two more purple diamond treasure chests, he will be able to close the second epic treasure chest.

That is equivalent to an eighth-order treasure!

In addition, he also found an eighth-order **** card-points gambling card.

[Points betting card: You can take the initiative to choose a party to bet on points, and the winner can get half of the other side's points. 】

This magic card is infinitely useful!

However, Qin Feng has no plans to use it now.

He still didn't know the magic of points.

After the first round of competition, Tiandao will inform you of the various magical uses of points.

After he has researched it clearly, he will use it again.

After all, this point-based gambling card is an eighth-order **** card, and its value must be extraordinary.

After the item reaches the eighth rank, whether it is a divine card, material, equipment, or strange object, it will become extremely precious.

The last thing is a blue spar, on which the electric light is brilliant, containing the aura of destroying the sky and the earth, and the fluctuation of the law of thunder.

[Thunder Soul Crystal: Eighth-order material, contains the law of thunder, and can be used to refine eighth-order equipment. 】

Another eighth-order item!

The value of this eighth-order item is higher than that of the eighth-order points gambling card.

The eighth-order items generally include: divine cards, materials, equipment, and strange objects.

The **** card has the lowest value.

Material value is second.

Equipment is very valuable.

Curiosities are of the highest value.

This Thunder Soul Crystal belongs to the eighth-order material, and its value is naturally higher than the eighth-order **** card.

However, to Qin Feng, the value of Lei Soul Crystal is comparable to an eighth-order strange object.

Because Thunder Soul Crystal has a magical effect, that is, it can repair the incompleteness of the beast **** seal.

The Seal of the Beast God is a incomplete ninth-order strange object.

Because of this, Qin Feng has no way to refine the blood of the divine beasts of the thunder system.

If he lacks the blood of the thunder-type divine beast, he will not be able to upgrade his bloodline talent to SSS rank, and he can only reach SS rank in the end.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Therefore, he must repair the mark of the beast!

When Longyuan Town was promoted to level 5 town, advanced life occupations appeared.

When a level 3 blacksmith is upgraded to level 4, the blacksmith profession will be advanced to become a craftsman.

Qin Feng has already been promoted to the 4th level refiner.

Before that, he analyzed the incompleteness of the beast **** mark through the craftsman's professional skills.

If you want to repair its defects, you need eighth-order lightning materials.

Thunder Soul Crystal is the most suitable one.

"I really didn't expect it! The eighth-order thunder-type materials that I longed for were so easy to get, and luck is really good!"

Qin Feng's eyes were full of joy.

When he thought that the Seal of the Beast God was expected to be repaired, his heart was fiery.

The seal of the beast, the ninth-order strange object!