Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The existence with the highest value in the ninth order.

As long as he can repair it, it means that he will have a second SSS-level talent in the future.

All he has to do is to keep collecting the blood and essence of various divine beasts.

Of course, he had to wait for the first round of elimination rounds before going to repair the mark of the beast.

"Hey! This is..."

At this time, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he had discovered something, he took out a map from the storage ring.

After he carefully looked at the map, he was overjoyed.

That map was actually the map of the guardian forces in the No. 2 area.

Before that, he was worrying about how to find the position of the guardian forces in Area 2.

After all, this world is too huge, and searching for the position of the guardian forces will be a very huge project.

Now that it's all right, Yao Tianxun gave him another big gift, directly revealing the positions of the guardian forces in the No. 2 area to him.

In this way, he can unify District 2 in a very short period of time.

This saves him a lot of time!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the map and storage ring with satisfaction, and turned Yao Tianxun's body into ashes.

After doing this, he looked up in one direction in Area 2.

That direction is the direction of the 'Wind Clan' station in District 2.

According to the introduction of the map, the challenging forces in the No. 2 area have been wiped out.

Today's No. 2 area, only the Wind Clan, Lei Clan, and Ze Clan are left.

Among them, the Wind Clan is the closest to the Forgotten Forest, and has the same teleportation formation with the Yaotian Clan.

Therefore, he must destroy the Wind Clan as soon as possible, and cut off the teleportation formation between the Wind Clan and Yaotian Station.

In that case, even if the Yaotian clan found something wrong, it would take a lot of time for them to come from overseas.

This has bought Qin Feng a lot of time!

"Four hours left, the first knockout round is over. I have to hurry!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart.

He had to cut off WindClan's teleportation formation before the end of the first round.

Otherwise, the Yaotian clan will definitely explode after seeing the results of the first round.

By then, they will come in full force!

With the current strength of Longyuan Town, it is still unable to cope with the Yaotian family.

He must buy himself and Longyuanzhen some time.

The best way is to cut off the teleportation formation of the Feng Clan and Yaotian Clan.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to act.

At this moment, Tiandao came out with a reminder...

[Competition area announcement: Congratulations to the Xinggu clan (mysterious forces) for completing an A-level mission and earning 100,000 points. 】

boom!

As soon as this information came out, the entire competition area was just a sensation!

Qin Feng was also stunned.

Knew it!

The Xinggu clan also completed an A-level mission.

In fact, four hours ago, the Daluo Clan also completed an A-level mission.

The Xinggu clan should be the third in the competition area to complete the A-level task.

If you can complete the A-level task, you have the strength to kill the ninth level of the sky.

Rumor has it that the Xinggu Clan has a demigod.

However, even if the demigod realm powerhouse does not take action, other clansmen still have the strength to kill the ninth heaven level.

This mysterious force is stronger than one!

For example, the ninth-ranked Blood Moon Clan, its patriarch had already broken through to the middle stage of the ninth-level heaven level a hundred years ago.

"By the way, the Xingu Clan's previous points were 65,700 points, and now they have completed an A-level mission, and the points are 165,700 points. Now, there are still four hours before the end of the knockout round. They can continue to score!"

This thought made Qin Feng anxious.

The current points of Longyuan Town are 173,400 points, the gap between the two is very small!

And with the scoring ability of the Xinggu Clan, in the remaining four hours, it was easy to get 20,000 to 30,000 points.

According to such a development, it was expected that the Xinggu clan would overtake Long Yuan.

hiss!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

Knew it!

First-class rewards are not easy to get!

Longyuan Town still cannot relax.

They must score another 20,000 to 30,000 points in the next four hours to be able to keep the third place.

In this way, he must destroy the Wind Clan!

Destroy this clan and get 20,000 to 30,000 points, it's not a big problem.

In other words, as long as he destroys the Wind Clan, he can keep the third place.

This ranking competition is really fierce!

As for destroying the Lei Clan and Ze Clan, I will not consider it for the time being.

Those two clans were too far away from the Forgotten Forest, and they couldn't make it within seven or eight hours.

When Qin Feng rushed over, the first round of competition was over.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Only a space node the size of a soybean is left in place.

The next second, the Mirage clone opened its mouth and took a breath, swallowing the space node.

Then, he rushed towards the Wind Clan station...

As for the other three clones, they stayed in the Forgotten Forest and continued to hunt the king beasts and emperor beasts...

Those prestige and treasure chests are all resources Qin Feng needs, how can he miss it.

After a while, in the zero-degree space, inside the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged.

In front of him, there was a cloud of blood essence suspended in it, red as jade, shining brightly.

That is the second group of true dragon blood essence (middle grade).

The time before was only enough for him to refine the first group. Now that he is free, he can finally refine the second group.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is in a good mood, and he is ready to swallow and refine...

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Urgent reminder: It has been detected that the patriarch of the Yaotian clan has left the customs, and his strength has broken through to the middle stage of the ninth level of heaven. 】

[The difficulty of this task has been increased, and the difficulty level has been raised from A to double A. Mission completion time remains unchanged]

[Complete the task, the reward will be doubled! If the mayor has contributed more than 90% in this task, he will receive an additional reward. 】

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar in Longyuan Town.

Qin Feng was also stunned for a moment!

The difficulty of the task has increased again!

From A to double A.

I really didn't expect that Yaotian's patriarch broke through to the middle stage of the ninth level, and coupled with the divine artifact, his comprehensive strength was comparable to the peak of the ninth level.

0

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

His current comprehensive strength is equivalent to the early stage of the ninth stage, and he can't even deal with the middle stage of the ninth stage, let alone the peak of the ninth stage.

It seems that he has to improve his strength!

Moreover, he must be promoted as soon as possible!

The conflict between him and the Yaotian clan will break out completely after the first round of knockouts, that is, four hours later.

So, there is not much time left for him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened his mouth and swallowed the blood in front of him...

In the next second, his body began to roar continuously.

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +180, Agility +170, Constitution +192, Energy +190! 】

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +201, Agility +197, Constitution +172, Energy +171! 】

[Successful refining a trace of mid-grade dragon blood! Strength +193, Agility +181, Constitution +198, Energy +192! 】

...

In this way, Qin Feng continued to refine blood essence, and his momentum soared again...

At the same time, the Yaotian family was stationed.

The Yao clan was full of joy!

In order to break through the bottleneck, their patriarch retreated seven times in a row.

This time, the patriarch finally broke through the bottleneck and was promoted to the middle stage of the ninth level of heaven.

At this point, the strength of the Yaotian family has increased again.

It symbolizes the strength of a party's power, and the strength of the top powerhouse in the power accounts for a large proportion.

Sometimes, under one power, the clansmen are not strong, but as long as there is a strong demigod, it will instantly become a top power.

Now, the promotion of Yaotian's patriarch to the middle stage of the ninth level has naturally become a great event for the Yaotian family.

When the patriarch Yaoji left the border, a high-level meeting was held.

At this moment, in the conference hall, on the central seat, there was a man with a majestic expression.

There was a look of high spirits between his brows.

He is the patriarch of the Yaotian clan - Yaoji!

At this moment, Yao Ji looked around the upper floors below the main hall, and frowned slightly after a while.

Yao Tianxun, the chief grand elder he relied on the most, did not come.

How is this going?

Before he retreated, he instructed Yao Tian to ask.

Unless something big happened, Yao Tianxun would not leave Yunzhou Island easily, and let Yao Tianxun help him protect the law in his old nest.

Today, Yao Tianxun is no longer in the base camp.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Could something have happened recently?

Chapter 395 Strength skyrockets! Final battle!

Yao Ji glanced at the audience, and finally his eyes fell on an old man in front of him.