The old man had a strong back, a blue robe, and a slightly yellow beard.

He is the only remaining eighth-level powerhouse in the Yaotian clan - Yao Tianchen.

After Yao Tianxun left, he was the person who stayed behind in the old nest.

"Elder Chen, why didn't the Supreme Being come here?"

Yaoji asked.

"Patriarch, Tianxun Taishang and Ming Lao went to the No. 1 area in person. Something big happened there!"

Yao Tianchen respectfully replied.

Yao Ji was surprised: "What's the matter?"

"Patriarch, this is what happened. While you were in seclusion, the first round of the points competition this year started. My family could have won the initial top ten, but I thought that there was a guy named Qin Feng in the first area. Challenger..."

At that moment, Yao Tianchen told the whole story of the incident.

After Yao Ji heard this, his brows were furrowed, and his expression was a little unhappy.

Thinking of his Yaotian clan, one of the top ten mysterious forces, was squeezed out of the top ten initial rankings by that Longyuan Town, which is a shame!

At the moment, he said coldly: "My family has always been at the bottom of the top ten mysterious forces, and has always been suppressed and ridiculed by those nine forces. This time, we didn't even enter the initial top ten, which is really a shame!"

"This first round of competition is over. If my clan can't regain the tenth place, what kind of face is there to pretend to be the top ten mysterious forces? At that time, everyone in my clan will be ashamed!"

After hearing these words, all the high-level people looked at each other and felt embarrassed.

At the same time, they are also worried.

If the first round is over, they will not be able to return to the tenth place, which is really embarrassing.

Thinking of this, the high-level officials suddenly felt anxious.

Yao Tianchen said calmly: "Patriarch, Tianxun Taishang has already anticipated the seriousness of the problem. Therefore, in order to solve this problem completely, he first sent Yao Zhu, Yao Yun, and Yao Yu to lead nineteen heavenly-ranked people. son, go."

"Afterwards, he and Elder Ming also went to Area 1 in person. With their strength, it should be easy to solve a challenging force. After all, Longyuan Town has just risen."

"No matter how monstrous Qin Feng is, if he has the strength of the fifth level of the sky, he will be in the sky. Therefore, the subordinates believe that the Supreme Tianxun and others should be able to easily destroy Qin Feng and Longyuan Town. I don't need to worry about it."

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded.

"Yes! So many people from Tianxun have passed by. Together, they can kill even the eighth-level peak of the sky. Not to mention that Qin Feng. I think that Qin Feng has already been killed by Tianxun. The high class was killed!"

"It makes sense! In that case, I should have waited too much!"

"Of course! With the strength of Tianxun Taishang and others, killing a new challenger is not easy!"

The higher the analysis, the more confident they are.

Even Yaoji nodded slightly.

He also felt that as long as Yao Tianxun personally took action, the problem would not be a big deal.

Yao Tianxun's strength, he is very clear.

The ordinary eight-layer peak is not necessarily an opponent of Yao Tianxun.

After all, Yao Tianxun has a bone dragon of the eighth peak.

Thinking of this, his dangling heart gradually let go.

"So, that Qin Feng's hidden danger has basically been lifted!"

Yao Ji said casually.

Yao Tianchen said confidently: "Patriarch, one day Xuntai will come out and solve it 100%. So, let's wait for the good news of winning the tenth place!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in the audience looked at each other and smiled.

Everyone had great confidence in Yao Tianxun's strength.

Seeing that Yao Tianchen was so confident, Yao Ji's mood also improved.

Immediately, he smiled and said, "That's good! As long as Tianxun takes Qin Feng down and solves the hidden dangers. It's easy for my family to return to the tenth place. As for the lost face, it can be considered to be saved."

Yao Tianchen hurriedly said: "Patriarch, as long as our clan returns to the tenth place. Then, if you announce your breakthrough in strength, it will definitely cause a sensation in the entire competition area."

"At that time, not only will no one dare to criticize our clan, but they will look at our clan highly. A mid-level ninth-level powerhouse will be in charge, plus a divine artifact. If our clan has a ninth-level peak powerhouse in charge. "

"Those powerful guardian forces, as well as top-level old monsters hiding in various places, don't dare to covet my clan's heaven-suppressing artifacts."

After hearing this, Yaoji also smiled.

Mastering the "Suppressing Heavenly Artifact" means mastering the secrets of the divine way, and can become a mysterious force.

In each competition for hegemony, many extremely strong guardian forces want to seize the divine artifact and become a new mysterious force.

As the Yaotian clan ranked last in the top ten mysterious forces, there has always been this hidden danger.

Now, his strength has broken through to the middle stage of the ninth level of heaven, and this hidden danger has been greatly reduced.

"Chen Lao, how long until the first round of competition ends?"

"Patriarch Hui, it's been less than four hours."

Yao Ji nodded slightly: "That's fast! By the way, how many points does my clan have?"

Yao Tianchen: "Hui Patriarch, 72,100 points."

Yao nodded with great satisfaction: "Very good! According to the past, with such points, it is not a big problem to win the tenth place. However, I can't relax. In the last three or four hours, we have to sprint for points."

Yao Tianchen said: "Patriarch, the disciples we have arranged in more than 20 districts are working hard to earn points, and they dare not relax for a moment. By the end of the first round, our clan should be able to get about 75,000 points."

Yaoji: "Very good! The deity will go to stabilize the realm. You will wait for the good news from the Tianxuan Taishang and others."

"Patriarch rest assured! If the old man's estimate is not bad, Tianxun Taishang will soon send back good news."

"I hope so!"

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled at each other.

They didn't know that Yao Tianxun had been beheaded by Qin Feng...

At the same time, the Xinggu clan was stationed in the temple.

The patriarch Xing Gu also ended the retreat.

At this moment, he carried his hands on his back and listened to the reports of his subordinates.

The reporter was still the old man in the golden robe.

The old man's name is Xing Jin, he is the Supreme Elder of the Xinggu Clan, a ninth-level powerhouse.

"Elder Jin, how many points does my family have?"

"Patriarch Hui, it's currently 170,200 points."

Xing Gu's eyes lit up: "So much! I just completed an A-level mission before, and it should only be 165,700 points."

Xing Jin smiled and said, "Before, my clan went all out to do that A-level mission, and didn't have time to deal with other trivial matters. Now that the A-level mission has been completed, everyone frees up their hands and starts collecting trivial points."

Xing Gu said happily: "Elder Jin, according to your estimate, how many points can my clan finally get this time?"

Xing Jin smiled and said: "There are still more than three hours left, and the first round of the competition is over. If my clan sprints with all their strength, it can pass 190,000 points, and it will not exceed 200,000 at most."

Xing Gu was very satisfied: "Not bad! Not bad! With such points, the third place is safe!"

Xing Jin said to himself: "Of course! My subordinates have secretly inquired about it. The Myriad Spirit Clan, who ranked fourth, is currently only about 140,000 points, which is far from my clan."

"There is no such force now, and it has the ability to steal the third place from our clan. Therefore, this time, the first-class reward is my clan's decision!"

Xing Gu laughed: "Haha! It's so good!"

Jin Lao is also full of smiles.

At this moment, their mood is very happy!

In their opinion, there is no suspense in winning the third place.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

They didn't know that there was another power score that was comparable to theirs.

That is Longyuan Town!

Today, Longyuan Town has 173,400 points.

In addition, the Mirage clone is on its way to the WindClan station.

When Longyuan Town destroys the Wind Clan, the points will be around 200,000 points.

At that time, who is the real third place is still unknown!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, more than half an hour passed.

In this period of time, the score of the Xinggu clan has risen to 175,100 points, which has surpassed Longyuan Town, and continues to increase...

The points of Longyuan Town are still 173,400 points, and there is no movement.

However, in the No. 2 area, near the Wind Clan's station, a stalwart figure appeared, it was the phantom avatar who came from afar.

At this time, in the night sky.

The Mirage clone stood in the air, looking into the distance.

In the dark night, it was pitch black, and nothing could be seen clearly.

But under the scanning of the outside world, the Mirage clone scanned the situation of the Wind Clan's station clearly.

After this observation was over, he showed a look of joy.

The Wind Clan is not weak, stronger than the Yuan Clan. The number of people is nearly 30,000, and there are four Heaven-level powerhouses.

Among them, there is one person from the fourth level of the sky, and three people from the first level of the heaven.

The prefecture-level powerhouse has reached more than 300 people.

Thinking about it, there are only three guardian forces left in this huge No. 2 area.

Those who can survive are naturally strong!

But this is great news for Longyuan Town!

Such a large force, if it is eliminated, it can make Longyuan Town reach about 200,000 points.

With such points, we should have won the third place!

Mirage thought silently in her mind and body.

However, he did not act immediately.

He is waiting for the main body to exit.

The Feng Clan has a close relationship with the Yaotian Clan.

Therefore, Qin Feng either doesn't do it, or if he wants to do it, he will kill the wind clan with the momentum of thunder, and not one can be left behind.

In case one or two escaped and let them flee to the other two guardian forces, or even to the Yaotian clan, the situation would not be good.

Therefore, if the phantom avatar wants to take action, it must wait for the main body to go out and take charge of the overall situation.

It is at this moment, in the zero-degree space, in the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng opened his eyes from the meditation, and his face was full of joy.

He finally refined the second group of blood essence!

Then, he slowly got up and looked towards the direction of the Wind Clan station.

He sensed it, and the Mirage clone rushed to the vicinity of the Wind Clan station.

It's time for him to go!

However, before that, he has to take a look at his own 0.1 strength.

With this in mind, Qin Feng opened the panel...

[Level]: Level 35 3.71%

[Reputation]: 1346 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 52,770 stars

[Free attribute]: 12000 points

very good!