Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After refining the second regiment's mid-grade true dragon blood essence, his combat power has skyrocketed to 52,770 stars.

By the way, there are 12,000 free attribute points, which is obtained by killing Yao Tianxun.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng added the starting point happily again.

In just a moment, 12,000 attributes were added.

His basic combat power reached 53,000 stars in one fell swoop.

If you add the power of foundation building, the combat power will reach 59,000 stars.

It is close to the limit of combat power at the peak of the eighth layer.

The combat power limit of the eight-layer peak is 60,000 stars.

More than 60,000 stars, waiting to enter the early stage of the nine-layer.

That is to say, Qin Feng doesn't need to merge with Xiao Luan'er, and it is not far from the early stage of Jiuzhong.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Right, time is running out.

It's time for him to kill WindClan.

This will be the last fight tonight!

It was also the key battle for Longyuan Town to take the third place!

At the same time, this battle may allow his comprehensive combat power to break 60,000 stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared in the secret room

Chapter Three hundred and ninety-six The emotions are excited! Soldiers are coming to the city!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared beside the Mirage clone.

As soon as he appeared, he made a random move and summoned Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

As soon as the two little girls appeared, they happily surrounded them.

Qin Feng looked at them for a while and showed a relieved smile.

Today, Xiao Luan'er is level 28, and the comprehensive combat power has reached 12,000 stars, which is the strength of the fifth level of heaven.

Qiyue is level 24, and the comprehensive combat power has reached 6100 stars, which is the strength of the fourth level of heaven.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Both little girls have made great progress.

At the same time, Xiao Luan'er has mastered Nirvana rebirth, which is comparable to the eighth-order skills, and space ability, which can overwhelm the existence of the same combat power.

Qiyue has mastered the S-rank extremely yin talent and time ability, and also has the same ability to suppress the existence of the same combat power.

"Dad, are we near the WindClan station?"

The Mirage clone had already informed the two little girls in advance of the plan to eliminate the Wind Clan.

"Here it is! The Wind Clan's station is fifty miles ahead!"

Qin Feng gestured forward.

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue looked at the sound, their eyes were filled with darkness, and they couldn't see anything.

They don't have a sense of consciousness, so naturally they can't see anything.

At that moment, Qi Yue asked curiously, "Master, how many people are there in the Wind Clan?"

Qin Feng: "The visual estimate is nearly 30,000, there are more than 300 people at the earth level, and four people at the heaven level. Among them, there are three people at the first level of the heaven level and one person at the fourth level of the heaven level."

Qi Yue was surprised: "There are so many! Master, if there are so many people, one or two people will escape accidentally. But as long as one person escapes, it is not good for us in Longyuan Town. Therefore, we still need to find some towns. The people are here to help.”

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

He also had the same idea.

There are too many ants to kill them.

Unless, in an instant, he smashed a hundred miles into powder.

Anyway, it's time for those townspeople to come over.

First, clean up the fish that slip through the net.

Second, let those subordinates also upgrade.

Third, this place also needs manpower stationed.

"Yue'er, go to the channel and let me know. Townspeople from level 18 to 19, within ten minutes, all gather at the Yuan clan station!"

Qi Yue was puzzled: "Why are the townspeople from level 18 to 19? Those townspeople at level 20 are stronger. Liu Xuan and Lei Jue are both level 20."

Qin Feng said with a smile: "If Liu Xuan and the others come again, after killing this wave, they will be promoted to level 21. At that time, when they go to the Shengwu assessment, the difficulty will increase by 20%, so the gain will not be worth the loss."16

Qi Yue patted her head: "Yes! Yue'er almost forgot about it!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Now, the worst person in our Longyuan Town is also level 18. When this battle is over, it is estimated that the lowest level will be 19. There will be a large number of people who are level 20. The overall level of Longyuan Town has risen again. a small step."

"Wait for the first round of competition to end, and everyone can participate in the Shengwu assessment. The overall strength of our Longyuan Town will improve tremendously!"

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Yes! Our weakest in Longyuan Town now has a 270-star combat power. To participate in the Shengwu assessment, absolutely everyone can pass!"

Xiao Luan'er was also pleasantly surprised: "Wow! Dad, in this way, everyone in our Longyuan Town is a prefecture-level powerhouse!

Qi Yue said with a smile: "Of course! By then, the strength of our Long Yuan children will be comparable to that of the mysterious force's children."

It turned out that the number of the top ten mysterious forces is not large, but everyone is above the prefecture-level realm, and their strength is extremely powerful.

When everyone in Longyuan Town is above the prefecture-level realm, it is like a new mysterious force was born.

At this point, Qiyue and Xiaoluaner knew Qin Feng's good intentions.

He let those 18th and 19th level townspeople come to maximize their strength, so that all townspeople can successfully pass the holy martial arts assessment.

Thinking of this, the two little girls are full of expectations for the future of Longyuan Town.

Qin Feng did the same.

Having said that, when everyone in Longyuan Town breaks through to the prefecture-level realm, there will be thousands of people who have a combat power of 500 stars.

He will also get a large number of combat power feedback.

A broken 500 star, feeds back 200 attribute points.

He can also be fed back about 1,900 times, which is 380,000 attribute points!

Just think about it, Qin Feng feels amazing and full of expectations.

This is also one of the reasons why he worked so hard to improve the strength of his subordinates.

At the moment, Qi Yue said: "Master, then I will go to the chat channel now and issue an order to them!"

"Well! Go!"

Qiyue took the order and quickly opened the panel and entered the chat channel.

At this time, in the chat channel, the chat is hot.

Everyone was chatting about the great improvement of Yaotian's patriarch's strength, and they were all full of worries.

Exterminating the Yaotian clan was a public task, and everyone naturally knew about it.

"Brothers, this situation is not good! That Yaotian Clan Chief has broken through to the middle stage of the ninth level, and together with the divine artifact in their hands, their strength is comparable to the peak of the ninth level!"

"Nine-level peak! This is really terrible! I don't know, can the boss be able to deal with him?"

"It's unlikely! Now, the eldest brother and Xiao Luan'er are combined together, and with many clones working together, the overall strength is at most the threshold of the ninth level! This is a lot worse than the peak of the ninth level!"

"Yeah! Nine-layer peak can crush the nine-layer threshold with one hand! What can I do now?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was worried.

They don't know yet that Qin Feng's strength has improved again.

Now, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er are combined, and then join forces with the avatars, and the comprehensive strength has barely reached the middle stage of the ninth level.

If Yaoji didn't use the 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact', I'm afraid Qin Feng would not be able to do it.

Obviously, everyone in Long Yuan still underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

You can't blame them either. Qin Feng's progress is so fast that it always exceeds everyone's expectations.

At this moment, Liu Xuan's head jumped.

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, don't worry! At least for now, we are still safe. When the Yaotian family finds something abnormal, it will be after the first round of competition."

Liu Xuan: "As long as we win the first-class reward in the first round, we can greatly shorten the strength gap between the boss and the Yaotian Clan Chief. At that time, the Yaotian Clan Chief may not be able to do anything if he comes to trouble again. Got the boss."

"Yeah! Why didn't I think of that!"

"Yes! Yes! Yes! After the first round of competition, Tiandao will give out generous rewards. As long as we win the third place, it will be the first-class reward. If the Yaotian family is squeezed out of the top ten, it will be the third-class reward."

"The value of the first-class reward is a hundred times better than the third-class reward! If the boss gets the first-class reward and Yaotian's clan chief gets the third-class reward, the strength gap between the two will be greatly reduced!"

Liu Xuan: "Haha! That's what I meant!"

"Boss Liu Xuan, you are so right!"

"When the boss said this, I think Longyuan Town has hope again!"

"Yeah! With the potential and talent of the boss, as long as he gets a first-class reward and gives him some time, he can really compete with Clan Chief Yaotian!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed.

Everyone is full of confidence in Qin Feng.

At this time, Liu Xuan jumped out again.

Liu Xuan: "Brothers, having said that, but the premise is that the boss can get the first-class reward. If we can't keep the third place, we can only get the second-class reward.

Liu Xuan: "The value of the second-class reward is only ten times higher than that of the third-class reward. This is not enough to shorten the strength gap between the boss and Yaotian's patriarch!"

"Yes! That is to say, we must keep the third place."

"Everyone, if I remember correctly, the Xinggu Clan seems to have completed an A-level mission, right?"

"It's done! In this way, they will get at least 165,700 points. If they continue to earn points after completing the task, they will likely reach 200,000 points."

"My God! 200,000 points? That's more than us! We only have 173,400 points, and we haven't moved for a long time."

"Ah! How can we do it? If we don't get the third place, we won't get the first-class reward, and it will be very difficult for the boss to shorten the strength gap with Clan Chief Yaotian! The consequences are very serious!"

"Yeah! This is so annoying!

As soon as these words fell, everyone began to worry again.

"Hey! Now, this area has been unified by us, and there is no place to earn points. It seems that we can only watch as the Xinggu clan surpassed us!"

"This is really unsatisfactory! Brothers, there are still two or three hours before the game is over. We can't wait! We must find a way to continue earning points!"

"Upstairs, don't waste your energy! There is still a place to earn points now? Unless you enter the second area. But the second area is so far away, when we arrive, the daylilies will be cold!"

"Yeah! It's too late! Even if we get to the second area before the end of the game, we don't know the position of those guardian forces. It's useless to go!"

"Uh! So, there's no way we can keep third place?"

"Hey! Probably so!"

At this moment, everyone sighed and felt extremely depressed.

Everyone has a kind of helplessness that is powerful and nowhere to be used.

At this moment, Qi Yue's avatar jumped.

Qiyue: "Everyone, the master has given an order. From now on, all townspeople from level 18 to 19 will join the Yuan clan station. Be sure to complete the assembly within ten minutes!"

"Miss Qiyue, what happened? The boss asked everyone to gather?"

"Yeah! Did something big happen?"

Everyone asked curiously.

Qiyue: "Ten minutes later, the master will attack the guardian forces of the Wind Clan in the second area!"