Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

boom!

As soon as those words fell, there was an uproar in the audience!

"My God! Attack the guardian forces in Area 2? Did I hear it right?"

"Upstairs, you heard that right! The boss is going to attack the Wind Clan in Area 2!"

"Haha! The boss is so awesome! I didn't expect that he would enter the second area so quickly, and he also found a position for a guardian force!"

"I'll just say it! The boss never disappoints!"

"Woo! Woo! It's so exciting! The mayor's brother will always be the only idol of the little sister!"

"Brothers, stop talking nonsense! Everyone hurry up and gather, don't delay the boss's big event!"

"Yes! I will take the teleportation array to the Yuan clan station now!"

"Haha!! This handsome guy is in the Yuan clan's station, so I don't need to run!"

Liu Xuan: "Miss Qiyue, only townspeople of level 18 and 19? Don't we need to take action for level 20 like us?"

Qiyue: "If you are level 20, don't take action! There are 30,000 people from the Wind Clan. If you are killing, if you rise to level 21, it will be detrimental to your holy martial arts assessment soon!"

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan and others suddenly realized.

It seems that their next goal is only one, that is to break through to the prefecture-level realm as soon as possible.

The rest of the people were pleasantly surprised!

The guardian force of 30,000 people represents a lot of points.

Longyuan Town is expected to keep the third place.

Immediately, Longyuan Town was mobilized.

At the major stations, townspeople from level 18 to 19 rushed to the Yuan nationality station.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed.

The Longyuan army was assembled.

At this time, on the square.

Liu Xuan, Qishan, Lei Jue and other high-level executives looked at the crowd gathered in front of them.

Those are all townspeople from level 18 to 19, with a total of 11,000 people.

At this moment, a white light flashed around Qishan, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

He came through the master-slave relationship with Qishan, and immediately summoned the space backwards.

"Owner!"

"Boss!"

When he appeared, everyone greeted him.

"Um!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly, then moved forward with a random move, and took all the 11,000 townspeople into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, the second area, near the Wind Clan station.

Mirage clones, Xiao Luan'er, and Qiyue are waiting for Qin Feng.

At this moment, a white light flashed next to the Mirage clone, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"Dad, are you alright?"

Xiao Luan asked with concern.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Okay! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the group went to the Wind Clan station under the cover of the night.

In such a period of time, the Xinggu Clan's points have reached 181,500, more and more than Longyuan Town.

The Xinggu clan still did not relax, they were all working hard to earn points and make the final sprint for the first round of competition

At the same moment, the Wind Clan resident was brightly lit.

At this time, none of the more than 30,000 children of the Wind Clan fell asleep.

In every corner of the square, the children of the Wind Clan gathered.

Everyone was chatting in groups of three or five.

Because there are only two hours left before the end of the first round of knockouts, the results of the game will come out.

It is in the great interest of everyone in 220, and no one can sleep.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

In fact, all the forces in the entire competition area are in a similar situation.

At this moment, in the luxurious attic in the center of the station.

Several senior members of the Wind Clan are holding a temporary meeting in the conference room.

There were only four people in the conference room, that is, the four Heaven-level powerhouses of the Wind Clan.

Sitting at the top of the center is a man with a heroic temperament.

He is the patriarch of the Wind Clan—Feng Xiao, a 4th-level Heavenly Powerhouse.

The other three looked like two old men and one middle-aged woman, all of them were Heavenly Tier 1 powerhouses.

They are the three Supreme Elders of the Wind Clan.

At this moment, Feng Xiao muttered: "Three, this afternoon, Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming, the two honored people, passed by my family and rushed to the No. 1 area. I don't know what is going on?"

"Patriarch, they must have gone for Qin Feng in District 1."

"Yeah! Qin Feng's limelight is very strong recently! But this is not a good thing!"

"Haha! A leader of a challenging force, who dares to be so high-profile, is really not afraid of death. What's more, Yao Tianxun and Yao Tianming are both hands-on."

"Mu Xiu will be destroyed by Lin Feng! That kid is stupid! He doesn't know how to protect himself!"

"Yeah! The leaders who challenged the forces in the past would choose to stay alive and use the back-feeding law bestowed by the heavens to gradually become stronger, and then they would reveal one or two. There are people like Qin Feng, who come to pretend at the beginning! Die!"

The three Supreme Elders shook their heads one after another.

They are somewhat jealous of Qin Feng's strong performance, and they must be unhappy in their hearts.

Challengers and guardians are inherently hostile!

Deep in their hearts, they wished that the Yaotian family would destroy Qin Feng and Longyuan Town as soon as possible.

Of course, in their opinion, if Yao Tianxun made a move, he would definitely succeed immediately.

At the moment, Feng Xiao smiled and nodded: "Everyone, in that case, Qin Feng is sure to die!"

An old man smiled and said: "Patriarch, don't need to mention Qin Feng and Longyuan Town now. If you want to see this old man, they may have been expelled by Tian Xun Zun! So, let's discuss, my clan will take this time. How long until the reward?"

Feng Xiao smiled and said, "That's right! This time, my clan is backed by the big tree of the Yao Tian clan, and got more than 5,000 points. It is estimated that I can get a fifth-level reward. If you are lucky, there will also be a fourth-level reward. possible!"

The old man said happily: "Patriarch, this old man thinks"

Before the words were finished, several rapid bursts sounded in the sky above the station.

Feng Xiao's face changed slightly: "It seems that someone is attacking!"

Swish!

As soon as the voice fell, he dodged and walked out of the attic.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The three Taishang elders also followed.

In an instant, the four of them left the attic and went to the square outside.

At this moment, tens of thousands of Wind Clan disciples in the square were shocked, and they all raised their heads in astonishment.

They all heard the strong air breaking sound!

As soon as they looked up, they saw four figures.

Under the bright lights, they could clearly see the appearance of the person who came, two handsome men who looked exactly the same, and a beautiful girl, a cute little girl.

The person here is naturally Qin Feng and his party!

Chapter 397 Slaughtered! Point lore!

Swish!

Without waiting for the people of the Feng Clan to think about it, Qin Feng dodged and killed the four heaven-level powerhouses including Feng Xiao.

To destroy the Feng Clan, you must first destroy these four heavenly powerhouses!

In the blink of an eye, he was above the heads of Feng Xiao and the others.

The four Feng Xiao quickly raised their heads and peeped towards Qin Feng.

what!

Ground-level challenger!

In just a moment, the four of them saw through Qin Feng's details, and they were shocked.

But without waiting for them to think about it, Qin Feng slapped it with a palm.

boom!

The momentum of that palm enveloped Feng Xiao and the others.

"Insanity!"

The four Feng Xiao were furious!

A small prefecture-level powerhouse was going to attack all four of them at the same time.

It's just courting death!

what! wrong!

In the next second, the four of them felt that the power of that palm reached the sky, and its power suddenly reached the peak of the eighth level of heaven, which was extremely terrifying!

The four Feng Xiao and the others were so frightened that they lost their minds!

The next second, they turned around and fled!

But it's already too late, and the palm of the sky has already fallen!

Boom!

A loud bang!

The earth is cracked! The boulders fly!

The entire Wind Clan station was shaking violently!

boom! boom! boom!

Under that palm, the three Heaven-level 1st-level powerhouses were bombarded on the spot, and they all turned into blood fog.

That Feng Xiao reacted the fastest and escaped the fastest!

He also mastered the law of speed and the law of wind, and the speed is extremely fast, which is comparable to the sixth level of heaven.

But he had only escaped halfway when he was shocked by the residual power of that palm, causing him to vomit blood and fly out.

This sudden scene!

Suddenly, all the Wind Clan disciples were dumbfounded!

One by one, their eyes widened in astonishment!

Omg!

Who is that?

He killed three Supreme Elders with one palm, and severely injured their patriarch!