Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

call out! call out! call out!

But before they think about it, the Mirage clone has already shot.

He held a seal in his hand, and the doomsday natural disaster came instantly.

Suddenly, in a radius of 10,000 miles, the sky, the earth, and the clouds changed color.

Countless mad thunders, ice arrows, fire rain, and meteorites blasted towards all the disciples...

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue also shot at the same time and launched a group attack on those Wind Clan disciples!

Suddenly, there was mourning in the field, and the entire Wind Clan disciples were bombarded and killed on the spot...

On the other side, Feng Xiao was injured by a palm, and just as he got up, he heard screams behind him!

He was so frightened that he didn't dare to turn his head back, so he got up and ran away.

But at this moment, Qin Feng waved a wind blade and split it in half...

In the next second, four dazzling white lights flew in and poured into his body...

[Successfully kill the guardian (the first level of the sky), you will get +1871 attribute points, +26.34 million energy points, and +397 points. 】

[Successfully kill the guardian (the first level of heaven), you will get +1955 attribute points, +27.11 million energy points, and +403 points. 】

[Kill the guardian (the first level of heaven) successfully, you will get +2013 attributes, +28.34 million energy points, and +417 points. 】

[Successfully kill the guardian (fourth level of the sky), you will get +5537 attributes, +61.34 million energy points, and +913 points. 】

In such a short time, Qin Feng's attributes soared by more than 10,000 points, and his energy value and points also increased significantly.

He felt somber!

At the same moment, the Wind Clan resident wailed.

Those Wind Clan disciples are fleeing everywhere!

Some clever disciples fled in the direction of the teleportation formation.

Qin Feng waved his hand quickly, and the white light flashed in the field, and Long Yuan's army of more than ten thousand appeared.

When the townspeople appeared, they rushed into the ranks of the Wind Clan's children, and they chopped over one after another like chopping melons and vegetables.

Today, Longyuan Town's weakest strength is also a 270-star combat power, which has surpassed the category of the peak of the human level and reached the threshold of the prefecture-level realm.

In other words, all the disciples of Long Yuan have the strength above the prefecture level, and their strength is more than a grade higher than that of the children of the Wind Clan.

It was easy for them to slash and kill those Wind Clan-level disciples.

Suddenly, the mourning in the field became even more tragic!

But he said that after Qin Feng released Long Yuan's army, he dodged and rushed towards the teleportation array...

In the blink of an eye, he was above the teleportation formation.

At this moment, more than a dozen children of the Wind Clan from the prefecture-level realm entered the teleportation formation.

In the next second, the teleportation array lit up with white light and started to activate.

Swish!

At this moment, Qin Feng slashed with a knife!

Raise the sky with sword light, soar into the sky!

Click!

boom!

After a crisp sound!

There is a shocking sound!

The whole station is shaking violently!

In the next second, the huge teleportation formation was split in half by a knife, and then exploded into pieces on the spot.

Even the dozen or so prefecture-level powerhouses were all killed, and they all turned into a **** fog...

Afterwards, more than a dozen white lights flew from the blood mist, pouring into Qin Feng's body one after another...

For a time, his attribute points and points soared up again...

At this point, Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally completely cut off the teleportation between the Feng Clan and the Yaotian Clan, and bought some time for himself and Longyuan Town.

Then, he turned around and continued to kill those Wind Clan disciples...

In less than 20 minutes, the Wind Clan's children were slaughtered and not a single one was leaked.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Everyone in Long Yuan was overjoyed.

They have also gained a lot, and many of them have been promoted to one level.

Afterwards, the crowd began to clear the battlefield.

Qin Feng and the Mirage clone also began to collect the corpses of the heaven-level and earth-level powerhouses.

An hour later, the battlefield was completely cleaned up.

The corpses of those Wind Clan disciples were all reduced to ashes.

At this time, all the townspeople were adding their points contentedly.

Qin Feng also took out a land deed card and poured blood essence into it...

For a moment, the Ticheka turned into a golden light and poured into his body...

【You are integrating the land deed card (Wind Clan resident)…】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the master of the Wind Clan's residence, and have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on getting a new site (medium grade) and get 2000 points. 】

[Competition reminder: Your personal points have increased to 165,500 points. 】

[Competition reminder: Longyuan Town points increased to 203,700 points! 】

call!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

After integrating the land deed card, he is equivalent to completely controlling the Wind Clan territory.

The sphere of influence of Longyuan Town has also expanded to the second area.

Having said that, these 203,700 points should be able to win the third place!

Qin Feng looked up at the sky, it was already slightly bright, and dawn was coming.

There is only one hour left until the first round of knockouts is over.

Thinking of this, he opened the mayor's operation interface again and operated it...

After a while, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in the second area of ​​the Feng Clan resident... Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', the address is located in the second area of ​​the Feng Clan resident.... Mayor Qin Feng received 1000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located at the residence of the Wind Clan.... Mayor Qin Feng received 500 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng will upgrade the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is located at the residence of the Wind Clan.... Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points as a reward]

After some creation operations, the Wind Clan station was completely incorporated into the Longyuan site.

Qin Feng also got 3700 attribute rewards in one fell swoop, which is another good gain.

He opened the panel cheerfully and checked...

[Free attribute]: 37400 points.

very good!

This time, I got more than 37,000 attributes.

At the moment, he comfortably added his starting point.

After a while, the points were added, and his basic combat power soared to 53,700 stars in one fell swoop.

If you add the power of foundation building, his comprehensive combat power is 59,700 stars, which is only 300 stars away from the threshold of 60,000 stars.

Qin Feng is very satisfied.

As long as the first round of points is rewarded, he will definitely break through to the ninth level of heaven in one fell swoop.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue walked over with a look of joy.

The two little girls received a lot of money, and they were very happy.

"Dad, we have 203,700 points now, should we be able to win the third place?"

Xiao Luan'er asked with concern.

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "It's hard to say! The Xinggu clan is very strong and cannot be underestimated. It can only be said that we have a 70% chance of winning the third place!"

Xiao Luan'er said nervously: "It's only 70%! I thought it was 100%! Dad, if you say that, Xiao Luan'er will be anxious again!"

Qi Yue also worried: "Master, the first-class reward of this first round of competition is very important to you. That is a great opportunity for your strength to improve, and it is also an opportunity for you to shorten the gap with Yaotian Clan Chief."

Qin Feng smiled: "No matter how much you think about it, it's just a guess! Anyway, in fifty minutes or so, the result will come out. We don't need to think about it, let's deal with trivial matters while we have time!"

Qiyue nodded slightly: "That can only be the case!"

At the moment, everyone is dealing with some trivial matters while waiting for the end of the first round of competition.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, dawn has come.

With the efforts of everyone, the Wind Clan residence has been rebuilt, and nearly 10,000 novice cabins have been added.

In the future, this station will be the frontier forces of Longyuan Town, and it will also be the key station of Longyuan Town.

At this point, there are only ten minutes left until the first round of the knockout round is over.

Long Yuan stopped the work he was doing, and looked up at the sky one by one, waiting for the announcement of Heaven.

At this moment, everyone is very nervous.

Even Qin Feng is a little nervous!

In fact, at this moment, all the forces in the entire competition area have stopped earning points.

Everyone is nervously waiting for the announcement of Heavenly Dao.

At the same time, the Xinggu tribe resided.

In the huge square, there were tens of thousands of criminals.

The patriarch Xing Gu stood in the air, looking up at the red sun rising in the east.

Calculate the time, there are still seven minutes, the first round of competition is over!

At this moment, light and shadow flashed beside him, and punishment appeared out of thin air.

"How is the situation?" Xing Gu asked casually.

Xing Jin said with a smile on his face: "Patriarch Hui, everyone has stopped. This time, our clan has performed exceptionally well, and the points have reached 201,100 points."

Xing Gu was overjoyed: "Not bad! Not bad! 201,100 points! This is the best score in our clan's history."

Xing Jin also smiled and said, "Yeah! This time, my clan's way of earning points has been smooth sailing, as if heaven is blessing me!"

Xing Gu asked again: "By the way, how many points does the fourth-place Wanling tribe have?"

Xingjin Fushou smiled: "I dare to ask, they only have 168,700 points, which is far from my family!"

Xing Gu laughed heartily: "Haha! That being said, it is impossible for my clan not to take the third place."

"Indeed!"