Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Xing Jin also had a smile on his face, and his eyes were full of confidence.

Everyone below heard the patriarch's laughter and smiled knowingly.

This time the third place, they Xinggu Clan is determined.

Soon, they will be able to get first-class rewards!

That is a huge opportunity!

Thinking of this, the Xing Clan's children looked forward to it.

They didn't know that Longyuan Town's points had reached 203,700 points, which had quietly surpassed him.

Chapter 398 Ranking announced! Amazing rewards!

At the same moment, the Yaotian family was a little flustered.

At this time, it was less than five minutes before the end of the first round, and Yao Tianxun and others had not returned.

In the hall, Yaoji sat on the throne, feeling restless.

A group of senior Yao clan leaders below were also apprehensive.

At this moment, light and shadow flashed outside the hall, and Yao Tianchen walked in in a hurry.

Yaoji raised his head quickly: "Elder Chen, how is the situation? Can you contact Mrs. Tianxun?"

Yao Tianchen shook his head: "Patriarch, the old man has contacted more than a dozen times, but still can't get in touch. It should be because the distance is too far, and the communication jade can't be connected."

Yaoji frowned: "The distance is too far? So, they are not on their way back! The game is about to end, why haven't they returned? Could it be that something happened to the superior Tianxun?"

"It can't be!"

Yao Tianchen shook his head again and again.

Then, he said again: "Patriarch, with the strength of Tianxun Taishang and others, if you want to cause them to have an accident, you must at least have the strength of the ninth-level threshold. Do you think that Qin Feng has such strength?"

"This…"

Yao Ji pondered for a moment, then shook his head slightly.

Even if he killed him, he couldn't believe that a newly emerging leader of the challenge force would have the combat power of nine thresholds.

Don't say that the challengers in this world are all from Xiaoqian World.

Even a challenger from the Great Thousand Worlds would never be able to do it.

Therefore, deep in his heart, he also believed that Yao Tianxun and others were still alive.

At this time, Yao Tianchen said again: "Patriarch, I want the old man to see that Tianxun Taishang and others should have been delayed by the matter, so they were not able to rush into the Hui clan in time. Their safety is absolutely no problem."

Yao Ji sighed: "It's okay! Then wait for Tiandao to announce the results of the points, and then discuss the matter of Tianxun too."

Yao Tianchen nodded: "That's the only way! Having said that, if our clan returned to the tenth place in this round of rankings, it would also mean that Tian Xun Tai Shang and others are fine."

Hearing this, Yao Ji nodded slightly, feeling that it made sense.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Competition announcement: The first round of points knockout is about to end, the countdown is 1098]

The first round is finally over!

Yao Ji, Yao Tianchen and others took a deep breath.

The whole place was also tense.

At this moment, not only them, but all the forces in the entire competition area were tense, everyone held their breath and looked up.

This is a matter of great interest to all! ...

At the same moment, in Longyuan Town, in the chat channel, everyone was nervous.

"Brothers! Countdown! Countdown begins!"

"The results of the first round are coming out. I'm really nervous about 690!"

"Yeah! I really hope that our Longyuan Town will win the first prize!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone became even more nervous.

At this time, a new reminder came from Tiandao.

【Countdown is over! The first round of points knockout is officially over! 】

[Competition area announcement: After the first round of knockouts, a large number of forces have been eliminated. There are 9,107 existing forces in this division, including 10 mysterious forces. 】

[Competition area announcement: In this round of competition, there are 1265 faction points that are 0 points and need to be punished. Faction members will deduct 5,000 attribute points, and force leaders will deduct 10,000 attribute points. 】

Boom!

As soon as this information was announced, the entire competition area shook!

Black beams of light descended from certain areas.

Then, there were bursts of heart-piercing mourning from those areas.

After a while, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Competition area announcement: The punishment is over! Among the 1265 forces, 437 forces suffered more than 90% casualties after being punished. 】

[Reminder: Forces that have been punished for two consecutive rounds will be directly obliterated by Heavenly Dao, please be vigilant to forces that have been punished once! 】

As soon as the news came out, the entire competition area was sighed.

Oh my God!

The punishment alone is terrifying!

A single member is deducted 5,000 attributes, which is equivalent to deducting a combat power of 90 stars or more.

No member of the peak human-level strength is punished by this, and if it is obliterated on the spot.

The leader is even worse, the punishment is doubled!

Even if you don't die under such punishment, the second round will be even worse.

Because of the second round of competition, if you are punished again, you will be directly obliterated by Tiandao!

cruel!

Really cruel!

Think about it too, most of the forces that scored 0 points in the first round would only get 0 points because of their weak strength.

Now that he is punished, his strength is even weaker. The probability of being punished in the second round has greatly increased, and the probability of being obliterated by Heavenly Dao has also greatly increased.

The Tao of Heaven regards all living beings as stubborn dogs, and plays the survival of the fittest to the extreme!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The first round of punishment is over! The first round of rewards is now awarded! 】

[Ranked 1001st to 5000th in points, you can get fifth-class rewards. 】

[This fifth-class reward, the highest power point is 5433 points, and the lowest power point is 912 points]

[The fifth prize is now awarded! 】

[Fifth-level reward: members of the force will receive 1000 attribute rewards. 】

[Fifth-level reward: members of the faction have access to the points mall. 】

[Fifth-level reward: The leader of the force will receive 7000 attribute rewards. 】ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

[Fifth-level reward: The leader of the force has the permission to enter the points mall. 】

[Points Mall: You can use personal points to buy any items you need in the Points Mall. 】

[Reminder: Before the start of the second knockout round, all points will be reset to zero. It is recommended that all players use up the points in their hands in advance, otherwise the gains will outweigh the losses. 】

Boom!

As soon as the news was announced, the sky in the competition area shook.

In some areas, the reward white light began to drop.

Then, there were earth-shattering cheers from those places...

At the same moment, in the Longyuan Town chat channel, everyone was chatting excitedly.

The scene is hot!

"Haha! Everyone, this time the reward is very powerful!"

"Yeah! With the fifth-level reward alone, there will be 1,000 member attribute points!"

"1000 attribute points! Tsk tsk! If I have these 1000 attribute points, I can challenge the mid-level foundation building."

"Me too! I have a 320-star combat power now, and I challenge the mid-level foundation building with a 30% success rate. But if I get these 1,000 attributes, my success rate can increase to 50%."

"Upstairs, don't worry! The reward we got this time is more than 1,000 points. Your wish to challenge the mid-level foundation building is completely achievable."

"Brother, when you say that, I look forward to it even more!"

"Haha! I'm looking forward to it too! By the way, there is also a point store authority, what is that?"

"Brother, is this still unclear? That is, you can enter the Tiandao mall and use your personal points to buy any item you want."

"So, the more personal points, the better."

"of course!"

"So, the Points Mall is also a big opportunity! There must be a lot of treasures in it."

"Yeah! However, if the points are not enough, I'll just watch."

"It doesn't matter that much! After we get the access to the Points Mall, we must quickly spend the points in our hands."

"Yeah! If you don't spend all the points, the points will be cleared before the start of the second round, which would be a pity!"

"Haha! Anyway, I don't have many points in my hands. Speaking of which, I really envy those who have more points. At that time, they will be local tyrants! Buy whatever you want!"

"Yeah! This is also a big opportunity!"

In the chat channel, everyone sighed.

Qin Feng watched all this silently, smiling without saying a word.

His personal points are 165,500 points.

If I exchange it, I don't know what benefits I can exchange?

With his so many points, there should be surprises.

Thinking of this, his heart was hot.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[The fifth-level rewards have been distributed! 】

[Ranked 101st to 1000th in points, you can get a fourth-class reward. 】

[This time the fourth-class reward, the highest power point is 10,700 points, and the lowest power point is 5,436 points]

【The fourth prize is now awarded! 】

[Fourth-level reward: faction members will receive 2000 attribute rewards. 】

[Fourth-level reward: faction members get 1 primary soul essence pill. 】

[Fourth-level reward: faction members have access to the Points Mall. 】

[Fourth-level reward: The leader of the force will receive 15,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Fourth-level reward: The leader of the force will get 3 primary soul essence pills. 】

[Fourth-level reward: The leader of the force has permission to enter the Points Mall. 】

[Primary Soul Essence Pill: Sixth-Order Spirit Pill, taking this pill can greatly increase the strength of the soul body, thereby enhancing strength and comprehension. 】

As soon as the news was announced, everyone in Long Yuan became even more excited.

"Brothers, the attribute points of the fourth-level reward have become 2000 points."

"There is one more sixth-order soul essence pill! The sixth-order spirit pill is invaluable. In this way, the fourth-level reward is indeed much stronger than the fifth-level reward!!"