Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Yeah! By the way, this time, the Heavenly Dao reward does not seem to have announced the name of the force!"

As soon as these words fell, Qishan's avatar jumped.

Qishan: "Little friend, you don't know. Only the top ten forces will announce their names. It's still early!"

"So this is ah!"

Everyone was amazed!

At this moment, above the competition area, the sky shook.

Tiandao is giving out fourth-class rewards...

After a while, the rewards were distributed, and Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[The fourth-level rewards have been distributed! 】

[Ranked 11th to 100th in points, you can get third-class rewards. 】

As soon as the news came out, all the members of the faction raised their ears.

Long Yuan's children are also nervous!

Third prize!

Regarding the ranking to the eleventh, it is the closest to the top ten.

To say the most tense forces, that is the Yaotian family.

At this moment, in the main hall of the Yaotian family.

Yao Ji and the other high-level officials held their breaths one after another, pricked up their ears one by one, and listened very nervously.

Whether their family can keep the tenth place depends on the results announced by Tiandao this time.

This time, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[This third-class reward, the highest power point is 76,300 points, and the lowest power point is 11,300 points]

The highest score is 76,300? !

Yao Ji frowned slightly.

boom!

The next second, he was shocked!

76,300 points?

Isn't the achievement of their family 76,300 points!

Is it...

Yao Ji raised his head abruptly, and saw the high-level officials widen their eyes in astonishment, seeming a little unbelievable.

Yao Ji couldn't believe it!

Could it be that their family really only got the eleventh place?

This is impossible!

At this time, the announcement of Tiandao continued

【The third prize is now awarded! 】

[Third-level reward: faction members will receive 5,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Third-level reward: faction members get 1 intermediate-level soul essence pill. 】

[Third-level reward: faction members gain access to the Points Mall. 】

[Third-level reward: The leader of the force will receive 35,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Third-level reward: The leader of the force will receive 3 intermediate-level soul essence pills. 】

[Third-level reward: The leader of the force has the permission to enter the points mall. 】

[Intermediate Soul Essence Pill: Seventh-order Spirit Pill, the effect is ten times that of the primary Soul Essence Pill. 】

Boom!

As soon as the information was announced, the sky above Yaotian's station shook.

Immediately afterwards, white reward beams of light descended from the sky and landed on everyone in Yaotian.

The audience suddenly heard a terrifying wailing sound!

OMG!

Their Yaotian clan really only took the eleventh place!

This time, they are really disgraced!

Yao Ji sat on the chair blankly, and his face became extremely ugly.

How could this be?

How could it be like this!

Do not!

At this moment, all corners of the Yao people's residence were mourning.

Other forces are unaware of these situations.

Soon, Tiandao issued the third prize.

[The third-class rewards have been distributed! 】

[Ranked 4th to 10th in points, you can get second-class rewards. 】

[This reward will announce the names and points of specific forces! 】

As soon as this announcement came out, Longyuan Town and the remaining nine mysterious forces were all nervous.

At this moment, in the Longyuan Town chat channel, everyone was extremely nervous.

"Brothers, the list of second-class rewards will be announced soon! I'm really nervous!"

"Yeah! I'm so nervous too! Whether our town can get a first-class reward depends on the announcement this time!"

"Yeah! The boss wants to shorten the strength gap with Yaotian's Clan Chief, so it depends on the reward this time!"

"Brothers, stop talking! The more you talk, the more nervous I get!"

"Yeah! Everyone, listen carefully to Tiandao's announcement!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in Long Yuan raised their ears nervously and listened carefully.

At the same time, in Yaotian Hall.

Yao Ji and other high-level officials finally recovered.

At this moment, their expressions were extremely ugly, and there was some anger in the depths of their eyes.

"Damn it! My clan only got the eleventh place! What the **** is going on?"

Yaoji roars!

Yao Tianchen said with sincerity and fear: "Patriarch, it must be some abominable Longyuan Town. If the old man guesses correctly, then the tenth place is Longyuan Town!"

"Humph! Longyuan Town!"

Yao Ji suddenly raised his head and looked in the direction of Area 1.

There was endless resentment in that tone.

At this moment, a new announcement came from Tiandao.

[Tenth place in this round: Blood Moon Clan (mysterious force), with 81,100 points. 】

what!

As soon as this announcement came out, everyone in Yaotian was stunned!

The tenth place is not Longyuan Town?

How is this going?

Yao Ji and the others looked at each other, full of doubts.

They couldn't have imagined that Longyuan Town's points were 203,700 points, which was definitely not the tenth place.

At the same time, the Xinggu Clan Hall.

A celebration banquet has been set up in the field!

All the high-level executives sat down in their respective seats, waiting for Tiandao to announce the results and celebrate with each other.

At this moment, Xing Gu was sitting in the chief, sipping fine wine while listening to the announcement of Heavenly Dao.

He has absolute confidence in this achievement.

When he heard that the tenth place was the Blood Moon Clan, not the Yaotian Clan, he was a little surprised.

"Hey! This tenth place is not the Yaotian clan. Could it be that the Yaotian clan performed exceptionally this time and was promoted to the ninth place?"

Xing Gu smiled and took a sip of wine.

Xing Jin on the side smiled: "I want the old man to see, most of them are like this!"

As soon as these words fell, a new announcement came from Tiandao.

[Ninth place in this round: Haoyang Clan (mysterious force), with 94,800 points. 】

This time, Xing Gu and Xing Jin were a little confused.

They don't know, this is just the beginning, and the more ignorant is still to come

Chapter three hundred and ninety-ninth monstrous anger! Lost the top three!

"Hey! This ninth place is not the Yaotian family!"

Xing Gu was a little surprised and put down the wine bottle in his hand.

Xingjin was also a little surprised: "Yeah! Could it be that the Yaotian family won the eighth place?"

Xing Gu frowned slightly: "The top ten mysterious forces are stronger than each other, and the gap is bigger than each other. It is acceptable to say that the Yaotian Clan surpassed the Blood Moon Clan. But this time, they surpassed the Haoyang Clan. That's kind of amazing!"

Xing Jin nodded: "Yes! The Haoyang Clan is much stronger than the Blood Moon Clan, and the Yaotian Clan's performance this time is too extraordinary! However, they can also get the eighth place, and it will not be too much to surpass this ranking. It's possible."

"The eighth place! That should be the limit of the Yaotian clan! However, for my clan, the mere eighth place is nothing."

Having said this, Xing Gu smiled proudly.

Xing Jin also smiled and said, "Of course! My clan can win the third place 100% this time and get first-class rewards. Even if the Yaotian clan's performance is extraordinary, it will not affect our clan's rewards!"

"Haha! That's the truth!"

Xing Gu laughed and picked up the wine bottle and took a sip of the wine.

Up to now, they still thought that the change in ranking was caused by the Yaotian family.

They are full of absolute confidence in the Xinggu clan winning the first-class reward...

At the same moment, in the Yaotian Hall.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Yao Ji and the others were extremely shocked.

"What's the matter?! The ninth place is not Longyuan Town! Are they the eighth place?!"

Yao Ji had a look of astonishment on his face.

Yao Tianchen is also unbelievable.

After a long time, he took a deep breath and said, "Patriarch, it should be because Longyuan Town was so lucky that he was lucky enough to surpass the Haoyang Clan."

Afterwards, he said sourly: "Patriarch, I want the old man to see that Long Yuanzhen can get the eighth place is the limit!"

Hearing this, Yaoji looked gloomy and looked towards the direction of Area 1.

The higher the ranking of Longyuan Town, the more jealous he became.

At the same time, he also felt that Longyuan Town could only be ranked eighth at most.

Just a challenge force!