Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

No matter how lucky you are and how extraordinary your performance is, it can only be like this.

Only after this thought came, Tiandao began to announce the next ranking...

【The eighth place in this round…】

Yao Ji and the others quickly held their breath and listened with their ears pricked up...

[…Ten Ominous Clan (mysterious forces), with 111,300 points. 】

What? !

The eighth place is not Longyuan Town!

boom!

Yao Ji and the others were shocked!

One by one, their eyes widened in astonishment!

At that moment, the hall became extremely silent!

At the same time, in the hall of the Xinggu clan.

Xing Gu and Xing Jin are stunned again!

The eighth place is not even the Yaotian family.

"Strange! Why is the eighth place not from the Yaotian family?"

Xing Gu looked puzzled.

Xing Jin also frowned and said, "Patriarch, could it be that this time, the Yaotian family's ancestral tomb has smoked blue smoke, and they are going to get the seventh place?"

Xing Gu smiled coldly: "It seems that most of it is like this! This Yaotian clan has really had **** luck!"

As soon as the words fell, he picked up the wine bottle and was about to taste the wine again.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At this moment, Tiandao announced a new ranking.

[Seventh place in this round: Dragon Clan (mysterious force), with 132,400 points. 】

Xing Gu is stunned again!

No way? !

The seventh place is not even the Yaotian family!

Xing Jin on the side was also confused.

This time, the two couldn't help but look at each other from the ground...

Soon, Tiandao continued to announce new rankings...

[Sixth place in this round: Escape Clan (mysterious force), with 151,100 points. 】

It's not even the Yaotian family!

Xing Gu silently put down the wine bottle!

Xing Jin is also speechless!

The two began to feel that something was not right.

Tiandao continues to announce results...

[Fifth place in this round: Wanlingzu (mysterious forces), with 168,700 points. 】

The Wanling Race is only fifth?

This time, Xing Gu couldn't sit still.

You must know that the Wanling Clan has always ranked fourth, and the Xinggu Clan has always been ranked third, and the two clans have always been close to each other.

Could it be that their Xinggu clan will be ranked fourth?

how can that be!

"Elder Jin, this is a little weird! Could it be that the Yaotian family is going to be fourth? They shouldn't be so strong, right?"

Xing Gu murmured.

Xing Jin also pondered: "Patriarch, the old man also thinks it is unlikely. Could it be that Longyuan Town surpassed Wanling Clan?"

"Longyuan Town?" Xing Gu wondered.

Xing Jin hurriedly said: "The patriarch, in the initial ranking, squeezed into the tenth place Longyuan Town. It is they who squeezed the Yaotian family out of the top ten in the initial ranking."

Xing Gu suddenly said: "I remember! That Longyuan Town has also completed a B-level mission. However, Longyuan Town is only a challenge force after all. Can they really be stronger than the Yaotian family?"

Xing Gu looked disapproving.

In fact, he didn't take Longyuanzhen to heart from the beginning to the end.

If it hadn't been for the punishment, he would have almost forgotten.

This integral hegemony has always been the protagonist of mysterious forces.

The guardian forces are supporting roles, and the challenging forces are just cannon fodder.

Thinking of his dignified leader of a mysterious force, how could he take a challenging force to heart!

At this time, Xing Jin also said: "This old man also thinks it is unlikely!"

Xing Gu sighed: "Forget it, I don't think so much. The fourth place will be announced soon. Whether our clan can get the first-class reward depends on the results announced this time!"

As soon as these words fell, the senior members of the Xing Clan in the entire hall became a little nervous.

This is in their vital interests!

Xing Jin smiled slightly: "Patriarch, the fifth-ranked Wanling clan only has 168,700 points. My clan has 201,100 points. We are 32,400 points higher than them."

"Such a big gap in points is definitely not the gap between fourth and fifth. It should be the gap between third and fifth. It shouldn't be a problem for my clan to win third."

As soon as these words fell, the senior members of the Xing Clan all smiled.

Xing Gu smiled slightly: "I hope so!"

In fact, deep down in his heart, he already felt that this time was almost certain.

In fact, at this moment, all the forces are listening nervously.

The fifth place has been announced!

Next is the announcement of the fourth place!

This fourth place is extremely important!

As long as the fourth place is out, the list of the second and first prizes will basically come out.

At this moment, in the chat channel of Longyuan Town, everyone is extremely nervous.

"Brothers, the fourth place is coming soon! We will know whether Longyuan Town can get the first-class reward or not!"

"Yeah! I'm really nervous!"

"I hope we can get a first-class reward!"

"Shh! Stop talking! The more you talk, the more flustered I get!"

As soon as those words fell, the audience fell silent.

Everyone held their breath and listened anxiously...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【The fourth place in this round…】

As soon as this information came out, everyone in Long Yuan's ears perked up.

Even Qin Feng held his breath...

He is also a little nervous! ...

At the same time, in the hall of the Xinggu clan.

The senior members of the Xing Clan also held their breaths and pricked up their ears nervously...

That Xing Gu was holding up the wine bottle and wanted to drink.

As soon as he heard this, his hand stopped in mid-air, and he also listened...

At the same time, there was a faint smile on his face.

That's a confident smile...

The information of Tiandao is also continuing to be announced...

[…Xinggu clan (mysterious force), with 201,100 points. 】

[Congratulations to the above six forces for winning the second-class reward in this round. 】

What? !

Second prize!

Xing Gu shook his hand!

when!

The wine bottle fell!

Spirit wine spilled all over the place!

The smile on his face instantly froze!

The whole audience was completely dumbfounded!

At this moment, the whole place was dead silent!

In the hall, even the air is extremely suffocating!

And the announcement of Heavenly Dao is still going on...

【The second prize is now awarded! 】

[Second-level reward: Force members will receive 10,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Second-level reward: faction members get 2 intermediate-level soul essence pills. 】

0

[Second-level reward: faction members gain access to the Points Mall. 】

[Second-level reward: The leader of the force will receive 90,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Second-level reward: The leader of the force will get 6 intermediate soul essence pills. 】

[Second-level reward: The leader of the force has the permission to enter the points mall. 】

Boom!

As soon as the information was announced, white reward beams of light descended over the Xing Clan's station, falling on the Xing Clan people...

Suddenly, earth-shattering mourning sounded from every corner of the entire station!

OMG!

Their Xinggu Clan actually only got a fourth place!

how can that be?

This is their best result ever!

It still only took fourth place!

In the hall, Xing Gu's expression froze!

He was completely dumbfounded!

I haven't come back to my senses for a long time! …

At the same moment, there were earth-shattering cheers from up and down Longyuan Town.

"Haha! We surpassed the Xinggu Clan! We finally won the first-class reward!"

"Excited! It's so exciting!"

"My God! Brothers! Look, there are 10,000 light attribute points for the second-class reward!"