Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Wow! Really! 10,000 attribute points! That's about 200-star combat power!"

"Fuck! If I get 10,000 attribute points, I will be able to pass the mid-level foundation building 100%!"

"Haha! If I got 10,000 attributes, I would dare to challenge the top-rank foundation building!"

"Brothers, the second-level reward has 10,000 attributes. Isn't the first-level reward more powerful?"

"That's for sure!"Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Haha! When you say that, I'm looking forward to it!"

"Haha! Me too! My top-grade foundation building may have to rely on this kind of reward!"

At this time, the heads of Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and others jumped up.

Liu Xuan: "I'm really looking forward to the first-class reward! I don't know how many attribute points will be awarded? My best foundation building depends on it!"

Lei Jue: "To each other! To each other! Whether I can complete the best foundation building depends entirely on this reward."

Liu Xuan: "Haha! Lao Lei, let's wait for Tiandao to announce it!"

At this moment, Long Yuan is full of infinite expectations for the first-class rewards!

Where are they all gearing up, looking forward to it.

Qin Feng watched all this silently, and was also excited, looking forward to it...

At the same moment, in the Xing Clan Hall.

boom!

A loud bang!

The hall shakes!

Xing Gu glared at the crown, and smashed the banquet in front of him with one palm.

Drinks and dishes are splashing everywhere!

The field is a mess!

This celebration banquet prepared in advance is a joke!

It is also a mockery of the Xinggu clan's Chi Guoguo!

"damn it!"

Xing Gu slowly raised his head.

Those red eyes were surprised by the endless anger!

At this moment, he is a lion suppressed on the brink of eruption, and he will choose someone to devour at any time!

The senior members of the Xing Clan were shocked, and they were too frightened to speak out.

"Who?! Who stole the third place in my clan?!"

Xing Gu roared loudly!

The penalty is trembling.

He hesitated for a while before saying: "Patriarch, steal the third place from our clan, either the Yaotian clan or Longyuan Town!"

Xing Gu was furious: "Dare to grab the third place of our clan! If the Yaotian clan did it, the deity would destroy the Yaotian clan! If Longyuan Town did it, the deity would destroy Longyuan Town!"

Xing Jin hurriedly said: "Patriarch, which force is it, we will know soon. Tiandao will announce the list of first-class rewards soon."

These words just fell, and Tiandao began to announce new information...

[Second-class rewards have been distributed! 】

[Ranked 1st to 3rd in points, you can get first-class rewards. 】

[The list and points of the first-class rewards will be announced next! 】

As soon as the news came out, the audience fell silent.

Everyone held their breath again and listened carefully...

Even Xing Gu had a gloomy face and pricked up his ears.

This time, he must find out which force stole his third place

Chapter 400 Rich rewards! Holy Land Chance!

At this moment, not only the people of the Xing Clan were listening carefully.

The forces in the entire competition area raised their ears.

Especially those mysterious forces, their hearts are full of doubts.

In the past, the Xinggu clan would be the third!

But this time, the Xinggu Clan was the fourth!

Which force stole the third place of the Xinggu clan?

The more the forces thought about it, the more curious they became. They couldn't help holding their breaths and listened carefully, for fear of hearing the wrong thing...

At this time, Tiandao began to announce the list...

[The third place in this round: Longyuan Town (challenging force), with 203,700 points. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the entire competition area was stunned!

No way?

The third place is actually Longyuan Town!

how can that be?

How could a challenger have such a high ranking?

If Longyuan Town initially ranked tenth, they were already very shocked.

This time it was a complete bummer!

At the same time, the Xinggu Clan Hall.

Xing Gu widened his eyes angrily: "Longyuan Town! It turned out to be Longyuan Town!"

He slowly raised his head and looked into the distance.

"Patriarch! That Longyuan Town is 203,700 points, only 2,600 points more than us!"

Xing Jin thumped his chest in anger.

"Yeah! We're just a smidge away from securing third place!"

"What a pity! What a pity!"

All the high-level people are very sorry!

puff!

Xing Gu almost spat out a mouthful of old blood.

He was about to explode!

These words added fuel to the fire, so angry that he almost vomited blood.

Damn!

Just surpass them!

It's just a little bit beyond them!

This Longyuan Town is simply abominable!

"Elder Jin!"

"The old man is here!"

"Do you know where Longyuan Town is?"

Xing Gu's tone was extremely cold.

This time, he must destroy Longyuan Town in order to sign up for the hatred of being robbed.

"This…"

Punishment is difficult.

Regarding the approximate location of Longyuan Town, currently only the Yaotian family knows.

The forces only know that Longyuan Town exists, but they don't know that Longyuan Town is in that district.

The Yaotian family learned of this, because Yuankong launched a prestige challenge to the entire No. 1 area, and then they exploded Qin Feng and Longyuan Town.

The Yaotian family also knew the existence of Longyuan Town.

Even so, the Yaotian family still doesn't know where Longyuan's headquarters is.

"Patriarch, I don't know yet. However, this matter can be investigated. If the old man guesses correctly, the Yaotian family should be more anxious than us."

"Their initial ranking was squeezed out of the top ten by Longyuan Town. This round, they were squeezed out of the top ten by Longyuan Town, and they couldn't even get a second-class reward."

"It can be seen that the Yaotian family wants to get rid of Longyuan Town more than us. They should have been investigating secretly, and even have some clues."

"So, the old man thinks that we should send someone to the Yao clan to explore, maybe we can get useful information."

Xing Jin carefully analyzed it.

After hearing this, Xing Gu nodded slightly.

The Xinggu clan and the Yaotian clan were too far apart to communicate with the jade talisman.

If the Xinggu Clan wanted to inquire about the news, they could only send someone to the Yao Clan.

"Elder Jin, you can send someone to the Yao clan in a while, the sooner the better. By the way, the people you send can let them tell Yao Ji. My clan is willing to cooperate with them to get rid of Long Yuan together. town!"

Xing Jin's eyes lit up: "Patriarch, this old man has this intention. I'll arrange it now!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xing Jin hurriedly left the hall...

Xing Gu looked at the back of Jin Lao leaving, his pupils shrank, and his eyes were full of sneer.

snort!

Longyuan Town!

Dare to provoke their Xinggu clan, then wait for their demise!

At the same time, above the Yaotian Hall.

The whole place was dead silent!

Yao Ji, Yao Tianchen and others were shocked and numb.

It can be said that all the forces in the entire competition area are not as impacted as they are.

At this time, Yao Ji's expression was a little haggard.

"I didn't expect it! Longyuan Town actually won the third place! How did they do it?"

Yao Ji slowly got up and left his seat.

Overtake the Xinggu clan and take the third place!

He didn't even dare to think about it.

Right now, it was done by Longyuan Town.

The shock that brought him is indescribable!

But at this moment, Yao Tianchen seemed to be thinking of something, and said with an uneasy expression: "Patriarch, Longyuan Town won the third place, and Tianxun and others have not returned. These two things are connected, Tianxuan Town won the third place. If you ask too much, they won't have an accident, right?"

Hearing this, Yaoji's face changed greatly!

Before that, he would never believe that something would happen to Yao Tianxun and others.

But now, Long Yuanzhen won the third place, and he couldn't help but doubt it.

Immediately, he frowned and said, "It seems that this is possible now! Chen Lao, hurry up and take the teleportation array to the Wind Clan's station, and then gather the children of the Wind Clan, Lei Clan, and Ze Clan."