Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Fuck it~!

This elephant king is too scary!

He couldn't break the Elephant King's defense with all his firepower.

And the elephant king kicked him away with a random kick.

Fortunately, he offset part of the attack power with one knife, and he also has various defenses such as physical strengthening, soil defense, and the Bear King's armor. He was not injured under that kick, but his blood and blood were oscillating and a little tossing.

In such a situation, it was impossible for him to kill the elephant king!

The quest prompt suggested that more than 20 level 10 powerhouses should join forces to kill the elephant king, with a success rate of about 70%, which is simply a lie!

Now it seems that, let alone twenty people, even forty powerhouses above level 10 can't do it!

Of course, if there is only one elephant king, it would be better to say, there are mainly interference from the mammoth guards and the elephant herd.

After calming down a little, Qin Feng didn't wait for his heart and blood to calm down, he turned over and hurriedly got up.

When he got up, he was horrified to find that the elephant king kicked him more than 20 meters away.

The direction of the flight is exactly the elephant group.

At this moment, the two elephant herds are rushing towards them.

The two mammoth guards came first, only a few meters away from him.

On the other side, the elephant king also turned around and fought back, only ten meters away from him.

This one after the other, there is a hidden trend of encirclement!

PS: I wrote 120,000 words before I knew it, and it’s time to put it on the shelves and sentence it to life and death. I feel very uneasy, and I don’t know how many people read it.

Here I beg you all to give your first order and support.

The time of listing is 24:00 tonight, that is, in the early morning, at least ten minutes.

Why! I don't know if it's life or death, I'm a little nervous!

Chapter 52 Level up again and kill the Quartet! (1 more)

escape!

Run away!

At this moment, Qin Feng only had this thought in his mind.

At the moment, as soon as he turned around, he was about to flee to the side.

Boom~!

At this moment, the elephant king stomped his foot and the earth trembled.

Qin Feng only escaped a few steps, and found that the more he ran, the more his body sank and his speed dropped sharply.

When he looked down, he was horrified to find that he had sunk deep into the quicksand, and the more he ran, the deeper he sank.

Nothing more than that, the quicksand is too soft, stepping into it is like entering water, and it can't bear the weight of a person at all.

Obviously, this is also one of the skills of the elephant king!

Ang~!

As soon as the elephant king saw Qin Feng fell into the pit, he roared in excitement and rushed towards the sky.

Qin Feng was frightened and struggled forward a few times, but found that the more he struggled, the deeper he fell.

In a blink of an eye, half of his body fell into the sand pit.

Qin Feng was frightened and struggled forward a few times, but found that the more he struggled, the deeper he fell.

In a blink of an eye, half of his body fell into the sand pit.

The elephant king rushed over in a moment, and the two sides were only a few meters away.

At this critical moment of 120, Qin Feng quickly concentrated his mind and exerted the control of soil to make the quicksand under his feet hard.

The next second, he jumped out of the bunker and jumped into the air.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

At this moment, three gusts of wind came in an instant.

The elephant king and the two mammoth guards just arrived together.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The three-headed giant, with a flick of its elephant trunk, slammed out towards Qin Feng in the air.

At this moment, Qin Feng was in the air and could not avoid it, so he could only use a knife to block it.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Three bangs!

Qin Feng alone, how can he resist the combined blow of the three giants.

In the end, Qin Feng was hit by Xiang Wang's nose whip in the chest.

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

His sternum cracked, and with a 'wow', he spat out a large mouthful of blood, and the whole person flew out upside down, flying upside down for twenty or thirty meters.

puff~!

Another muffled sound!

He fell heavily to the ground and spit out a mouthful of blood.

The pain in his chest nearly made him faint.

Boom~Long~Long!

Just then, the earth shook.

He gritted his teeth and looked up, and saw dust flying in front of him, and a herd of elephants rushing towards him, less than ten meters away.

It turned out that he was actually dragged by the elephant king to the side of the elephant herd.

Obviously, this is also the elephant king's intention.

This fierce beast is extremely intelligent and will not give him a way to live.

"Damn! Wow!"

Qin Feng was in a hurry, and he couldn't help spitting out another big mouthful of blood, and there was another stinging pain from a bone crack in his chest.

Done!

It's over now!

If not injured, he still has a chance to escape.

Now, he was seriously injured and could not escape at all. He was afraid that he would be trampled to death by the elephants.

Am I going to die here?

impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

Qin Feng roared in his heart, and a stubborn will instantly ignited in his heart.

He stood up at once.

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, there was also the sound of a rushing attack behind him. The elephant king and the two mammoth guards were returning to kill him, forming a front and back attack with the elephant group.

In a blink of an eye, the elephants arrived first.

The loud noise of the leader was only five meters away from Qin Feng.

"go to hell!"

Qin Feng's heart was certain, and he waved it casually.

Boom~Long~Long!

In an instant, a monstrous fire of **** burst out from his palm.

The flames fell to the ground and ignited as soon as they saw the grass, instantly forming a wall of fire more than ten meters long.

The giant elephant headed by it was unguarded and rushed over the wall of fire involuntarily.

Ang~!

But the moment it rushed through the wall of fire, it could not help roaring, and the offensive slowed down.

Immediately afterwards, the following heads also roared in pain as they passed the wall of fire.

In Qin Feng's mind, Tiandao's reminder also came.

[Reminder: Target 1 is hurt by Hellfire...]

[Reminder: Target 2 is hurt by Hellfire...]

[Reminder: Target 3 is hurt by Hellfire...]

[Reminder: Target 4 is hurt by Hellfire...]

[Reminder: Target 5 is hurt by Hellfire...]

what!

It turns out that hellfire is so powerful!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The Elephant King and the Mammoth Guardian have full body armor and are not afraid of hellfire attacks.

But the protective masks of these giant elephants seem to be unable to withstand the hellfire, and they will be injured when they touch the hellfire.

In particular, there is the power of darkness in hellfire, and there are sequelae when hurting people, and its power is much stronger than ordinary flames.

The elephants were terrified, each with a look of fear, and all of a sudden the battle was in chaos.

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he instantly thought of a way to save himself.

Boom~!

In the next second, black hellfire erupted from his whole body, turning into a flame war god,

Immediately afterwards, he raised his knife and rushed into the elephant herd.

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

The elephant herd was afraid of the hellfire, and they all roared and avoided.

Suddenly, the elephants were in chaos.

Qin Feng took this opportunity to kill.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, the sword light flashed!

Blood splashes!

Miserable roar again and again!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 8! 】

【Your strength index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 10 points! 】