Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Yao Tianchen: "Patriarch, who are you?"

Yao Ji said bitterly: "I'm going to bring my family to the No. 1 area, and let the three families help. That Qin Feng is a big scourge. We must kill him as soon as possible, the sooner the better!"

"The old man understands!"

As soon as the voice fell, Yao Tianchen left in a hurry...

The Yaotian clan, one of the mysterious forces, has a population of less than ten thousand people.

They need some vassal forces to fight.

Therefore, Yao Tianchen had to go to the No. 2 area ahead of time, and first organize the three vassal forces.

It's just that they didn't know that Qin Feng had already destroyed the Feng Clan.

At the same time, Qin Feng also cut off the teleportation between the Yao clan and the Feng clan.

When Yao Tianchen left, Tiandao continued to announce the ranking...

[Second place in this round: Daluo clan (mysterious force), with 262,100 points. 】

[First place in this round: Liudao clan (mysterious forces), with 331,900 points. 】

The announcement of these consecutive results has once again amazed the entire competition area.

The Six Dao Clan and the Daluo Clan are strong!

Especially which Six Dao Clan scored 331,900 points, which was extremely terrifying.

Even Qin Feng was deeply moved.

He did his best to get Longyuan Town to score 203,700 points, but compared with the Six Dao Clan, it was still far behind!

This world is really an outsider, there is a heaven outside the sky, it should not be underestimated!

However, Qin Feng is not arrogant!

He just grew up for a short time.

As long as he is given enough time to grow, he will definitely make Longyuan Town surpass the Six Dao Clan.

At this time, the voice of Tiandao continued to sound over the competition area.

[Congratulations to the above three forces for winning the first-class rewards in this round. 】

【First-class rewards are now awarded! 】

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan was excited.

"Finally, the first-class reward is going to be issued! I don't know what this first-class reward will be?"

"Yeah! I'm so nervous!"

"Shh! Be quiet everyone!"

As soon as the voice fell, everyone listened intently

Qin Feng also held his breath, looking forward to...

The announcement of Heavenly Dao also followed...

[First-class reward: Faction members will receive 20,000 attribute rewards. 】

[First-class reward: faction members get 1 high-level soul essence pill. 】

[First-class reward: faction members gain access to the Points Mall. 】

[First-class reward: The leader of the force will receive 200,000 attribute rewards. 】

[First-class reward: The leader of the force will get 3 high-level soul essence pills. 】

[First-class reward: The leader of the force gets a Holy Land Pass. 】

[First-class reward: The leader of the force has the permission to enter the points mall. 】

boom!

As soon as the news was announced, Longyuan Town cheered!

"Wow! 20,000 attribute rewards! This time, we made a lot of money!"

"Yeah! 20,000 attribute points can increase the combat power of about 360 stars. My top-grade foundation is stable!"

"I also have the best foundation building of Lao Tzu!"

"Haha! With this reward, the weakest people in our town can pass the mid-level foundation!"

"Yeah! Cool! This time is really cool!"

Boom!

At this moment, over the major stations in Longyuan Town, white reward beams of light descended, falling on everyone in Longyuan...

Suddenly, the attribute points of everyone in Long Yuan skyrocketed!

The cheers of the crowd, one after another!

At the same time, the sky above the WindClan station was bright and sunny.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At this moment, Qin Feng stood in the air, and a white beam of light was shrouding him.

Suddenly, his attribute points skyrocketed all the way, and in a blink of an eye, it skyrocketed to 200,000 points...

This makes Qin Feng happy!

Immediately afterwards, a second beam of light descended from the sky.

Three purple divine pills slowly fell along the beam of light.

After a while, the three divine pills approached.

[Advanced Soul Essence Pill: Eighth-order Spirit Pill, the effect is ten times that of the intermediate Soul Essence Pill. 】

Eighth-order elixir!

Priceless!

Among the eighth-order items, the value of medicinal pills is higher than that of divine cards.

Three high-level soul essence pills are very valuable! 1.0

Qin Feng quickly put away the elixir.

At this time, a third beam of light descended from the sky, and a mysterious black token slowly fell in front of him...

Tokens are here!

This is the first prize only!

[Password (Holy Land): With this token, you can go to the Holy Land to obtain opportunities. 】

[Reminder: This is a consumable item. After entering the Holy Land, the token will disappear automatically. 】

[Reminder: Twenty-four hours later, the Holy Land emerged. At that time, token holders from all forces in the world can enter. 】

[Reminder: This holy place is only open for 12 hours. Whether you can get the chance within 12 hours depends on your personal creation. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes were full of surprises.

It turned out that this token was a chance for the Holy Land!

In other words, only the top three in each competition area have the opportunity to explore.

Each world has ten major divisions, and each division has only three tokens.

In other words, there are only thirty places in each world!

It can be seen that this token is precious.

The only pity is that the holy place is only open for 12 hours.

Whether you can get the chance or not depends on your personal luck and ability.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied.

Immediately, he put away the token

Chapter 401 The combat power is skyrocketing! Targeted!

Just after Qin Feng put away the token, a series of prompts came from Tiandao

At the same time, there are also white lights one after another, flying from the void, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body

[Reminder: Your subordinate Hu Lili's combat power has exceeded 500 stars, and you have been rewarded with 200 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Zhou Chen's combat power has exceeded 500 stars, and you have been rewarded with 200 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Chen Bin's combat power has exceeded 500 stars, and you have been rewarded with 200 attribute points. 】

Suddenly, Qin Feng's attribute points skyrocketed all the way.

It turned out that all the subordinates were adding points.

In an instant, hundreds of townspeople broke the 500-star combat power, allowing Qin Feng to gain a lot of feedback

At the moment, Qin Feng closed his eyes happily and enjoyed the feedback from his subordinates...

After a while, the light of those feeding back gradually stopped, and Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have received a 500-star feedback, which has reached the upper limit of the number of people. 】

it is finally over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes comfortably...

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: When the number of your sites reaches 15, you can unlock the "Break 1000-star" feedback permission. 】

[Your current number of sites is 13, which has not yet reached the unlocking standard]

[Reminder: For every subordinate who breaks 1000-star combat power, you can get 300 attribute feedback! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

If a subordinate breaks 1000-star combat power, he can get 300 attribute feedback!

This is not a small amount!

According to the upper limit of feeding back, it is calculated by 2000 people, that is the feeding back of 600,000 attribute points.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

Afterwards, he looked down at the station below, and saw that everyone in Long Yuan had finished adding their points, their strength skyrocketed, and the scene was full of jubilation!

In the crowd, Li Xianyue, the weakest, had a combat power of 630 stars, a proper mid-level foundation.

Looking at other people, most of them are 700-star to 800-hundred-star, and basically they can reach the top-grade foundation of 16.

Some good ones have reached 900 stars.

Like Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, and Qishan, their combat power is even more than 1,000 stars.

These people are the perfect foundation.

In short, Longyuan Town's strength has improved tremendously after experiencing this reward.

What's even better is that more than 80% of these people can reach the top-level foundation, and the remaining 20% ​​can also complete the middle-level foundation.

Nearly 100 of them have the qualifications to impact the best foundation building.

As for low-level foundation building, Longyuan Town no longer has such a weak existence.

Qin Feng's wish to make everyone in Longyuan Town look like a dragon is being realized step by step.

Having said that, when all the disciples of Long Yuan have passed the Holy Martial Examination and everyone is an Earth-level powerhouse, their background and potential will be comparable to the top three mysterious forces.

After all, the tenth to fourth disciples of the mysterious forces, there are still many low-grade foundation building.

Anyone who can reach the middle grade or above can build a foundation, only the top three mysterious forces can do it.

Now, Longyuan Town can do it too!

By the way, he just got a large number of attribute feedback, plus the previous 200,000 attribute rewards, the accumulated attribute points should be a lot, right?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked...