Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Combat Strength]: 53,700 stars

[Free attribute]: 577,400 points

[Personal points]: 165,500 points

[Competition reminder]: 203,700 points

good! good!

His free attribute points reached 577,400 points.

This is much stronger than the Liudao Patriarch and the Daluo Patriarch.

Although the two patriarchs are also first-class rewards, they only have 200,000 attributes.

After all, they don't have the authority to feed back the attributes.

In other words, Qin Feng is the biggest beneficiary of this first round of rewards.

Of course, all of this is just the beginning. The Points Mall and Holy Land Opportunity have not yet opened...

Qin Feng didn't think about it anymore, and immediately added his starting point in a comfortable mood...

Don't look at his huge harvest, in fact, he is in danger.

After this round of competition, he has become the target of public criticism.

First of all, he will definitely offend Xing Guzu.

Secondly, the Yaotian family could not let him go.

Finally, other mysterious forces will also regard him as the biggest hidden danger.

In particular, Xinggu, the patriarch of the Xinggu clan, is a strong demigod.

For these things, Qin Feng's heart is like a mirror.

Therefore, what he desires most at the moment is to improve his strength.

In this way, Qin Feng silently added the starting point...

At the same time, Yaotian Hall.

The high-ranking members of the Yao clan kept muttering.

"The first-class reward has 20,000 attribute points! It's really enviable!"

"Yeah! My clan's third-class reward is only 5,000 attribute points!"

"Hey! In such a comparison, the benefits that Longyuan Town got are much better than ours!"

"I didn't expect it! A small challenge force can win the third place, and I don't know what kind of **** luck has taken in Longyuan Town?"

"Hehe! Heaven has always favored challengers! It must be that Heaven opened the door for Longyuan Town to make them lucky to win the third place. With their real strength, I don't believe they can win the third place!"

"Don't say winning third, even if they are against my clan, they will not be opponents!"

The high-level voices were sour, and they were full of envy, jealousy and hatred for Longyuan Town.

Yao Ji sat in his seat silently, his expression very gloomy.

At this moment, there was a rush of footsteps outside the hall.

Everyone looked up and saw a flash of light and shadow at the door, and Yao Tianchen hurriedly ran in.

"Patriarch! Patriarch! The big thing is bad!"

"What's the matter?!" Yaoji asked in surprise.

Yao Tianchen smiled bitterly: "Patriarch, this old man wanted to sit in the teleportation formation and go to the Wind Clan station. But as soon as the big formation was started, I found out that the teleportation between us and the Wind Clan station was cut off!"

"What?!" Yaoji was shocked.

The crowd was also in an uproar!

The teleportation array was cut off, indicating that something happened to the Wind Clan.

Thinking of this, everyone looked at each other.

Yao Ji's face became even more ugly.

After a long time, he said solemnly: "Even the Wind Clan has an accident, it means that they will be less fortunate than Xuntai tomorrow! It seems that I underestimated Qin Feng before I waited!"

As soon as these words fell, the faces of the high-level officials did not look good.

Yao Tianxun is a pillar of the Yao family!

His fall brought great losses to the Yao family.

What's more, it was not only Yao Tianxun who went to Area 1 this time, but also two top talents, Yao Tianming and Yao Yu.

The Yaotian family lost three heavyweights at once, which can be said to be extremely heavy.

Fortunately, their mainstay, the patriarch is still there, and it hasn't hurt the root.

"Patriarch, to make Tianxun Taishang and others have an accident, it shows that Qin Feng has the strength of nine thresholds."

Yao Tianchen analyzed it carefully.

Yao Ji said coldly: "Huh! Nine-level threshold? Even if he has the strength of nine-level threshold, the deity can crush him with one hand! This time, the deity will personally take action and destroy the little thief who killed a thousand knives!"

Yao Tianchen was a little worried: "Patriarch, you have to be cautious about this matter! That Qin Feng is very strange! I guess he has the initial strength of the ninth level, but what kind of strength is actually unknown."

Yao was extremely unhappy: "Then, where do you think he can be stronger? A leader of a new challenger force. Just based on the time he has grown up, there is no limit to how strong he is."

"A large part of the reason why he can get the third place this time is that Tiandao is partial to the challenging forces. It is an open secret that Tiandao is partial to the challenging forces. Is it possible that you really think Longyuan Town is strong?"

"Besides, Qin Feng is a great hidden danger. He must not be allowed to grow any longer. It must be solved as soon as possible!"

Yaoji's tone was full of urgency and anxiety.

On the one hand, he is jealous of Qin Feng's growth, on the one hand, he is eager to take revenge, and on the other hand, he is worried that Qin Feng is growing too fast.

He was also worried that if Qin Feng was given some more time, he might be overtaken by Qin Feng.

Hearing this, Yao Tianchen nodded slightly.

He also felt that the patriarch's concerns were justified and that Qin Feng could no longer be given time to grow up.

Then, he said with some anxiety: "Patriarch, if Qin Feng's strength reached the threshold of the ninth level before the end of the game. After that, his strength should reach the early stage of the ninth level."

"Don't forget, he got a first-class reward this time, and he got 200,000 attribute rewards. This can make him soar to three or four thousand stars in combat power!"Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Yao Ji didn't care: "So what? The deity also got 35,000 attribute rewards this time. After these attribute points are added, the deity's strength has been stabilized in the middle stage of the ninth level. If you add the help of the 'Suppressing God', then it is appropriate. A proper ninth-level peak combat power."

"Isn't this honorable to deal with an early stage of the ninth level with the combat power of the peak of the ninth level?"

Hearing this, Yao Tianchen breathed a sigh of relief.

He also felt that the patriarch could easily kill Qin Feng.

At this time, Yaoji said again: "Furthermore, this deity must kill Qin Feng within the next 24 hours. That kid has obtained a holy land pass. If he kills him, the deity can get the chance to enter the holy land. already."

Yao Tianchen's eyes lit up: "Yes! My subordinates didn't expect this."

Yao Ji took a deep breath: "The Holy Land Pass! This is an extremely rare opportunity! If it was in the past, the deity would not dare to think about it!"

Having said that, he raised his head and looked in the direction of the Wind Clan's station, with a trace of greed in his eyes.

It turned out that he couldn't wait to kill Qin Feng, and another purpose was to covet the Holy Land Pass in Qin Feng's hands.

This time, all the high-level executives figured it out, and their minds became active.

At this moment, light and shadow flashed outside the hall, and another middle-aged man walked in.

"The patriarch, the blood moon patriarch sent an inquiry."

As soon as the man entered the hall, he quickly reported to Yao Ji.

The Blood Moon Clan ranks ninth among the top ten mysterious forces, and their strength is much stronger than that of the Yaotian Clan.

Yao Ji hurriedly asked, "What is that guy asking?"

The man hurriedly said: "The blood moon patriarch asked, does our Yaotian clan know the whereabouts of Longyuan Town? If my clan knows, please let him know. He is willing to help my clan get rid of Longyuan Town and let my clan return to the top ten! "

As soon as these words fell, all the high-level officials showed their joy.

The Blood Moon Clan is not far from the Yaotian Clan.

If the Blood Moon Clan can help, they will join forces and they will soon be able to destroy Longyuan Town.

Their family will definitely be able to return to the top ten!

But he didn't want to, Yao Ji smiled coldly: "That guy is just fake and kind! It's fake that he wants to help us get rid of Longyuan Town, and it's true that he wants to rob Qin Feng of the Holy Land Pass. After all, the Holy Land does not recognize people. With a pass, anyone can enter."

The man suddenly said: "So it is! The subordinates think, how can the Blood Moon Clan be so kind. Patriarch, how should I reply to the Blood Moon Patriarch? Tell him that we don't know the whereabouts of Longyuan Town?"

Yao Ji pondered for a while and said, "Don't reply to him for the time being! Wait for the deity to go to the Wind Clan station first to see the situation. If the deity can't solve Qin Feng, it's not too late to ask the Blood Moon Clan for help!"

"My subordinates understand!"

The man hurried away.

After the man left, Yao Tianchen smiled and said: "Patriarch, you are still thoughtful! We won't reject it outright, and if we keep an invisible reinforcement. However, I, 473, have to act as soon as possible."

"In another twenty-four hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will appear. If we can't kill Qin Feng before that, it will be too late!"

Yao Ji nodded slightly: "That's true! Just wait a little longer! The Points Mall will come out. After the mall comes out, I'll spend points first, improve my strength, and then kill Qin Feng!"

Yao Tianchen nodded: "This subordinate understands! By the way, patriarch, Qin Feng is definitely not alone by his side. I'm afraid it would be inappropriate for you to go alone. This time I will go with you!"

Yao Ji pondered for a while: "Alright! In addition, you can mobilize another hundred heaven-level disciples. Then, follow me to set off!"

Hearing this, Yao Tianchen was slightly moved.

There are less than one hundred and fifty people in the Yaotian family of heaven-level powerhouses.

Qin Feng has killed more than twenty people.

Today, there are only about 130 heaven-level powerhouses left in the Yao clan, and the rest are all earth-level powerhouses.

When Yao Ji opened his mouth, he would mobilize more than 100 heavenly disciples, which was equivalent to coming out of the nest.

These more than 100 heaven-level powerhouses, plus Yao Ji and Yao Tianchen, have a comprehensive strength comparable to a ninth-level peak and a ninth-level mid-level.

With such strength, it is not difficult to destroy Qin Feng.

Thinking of this, Yao Tianchen also felt confident.

"Patriarch, the old man will arrange it now!"

At the moment, he quickly retreated.

Yao Ji silently looked at his back, showing a trace of expectation.

He naturally expected to kill Qin Feng and seize the opportunity of the Holy Land.

It's just that he didn't expect that Qin Feng won not only 200,000 attribute points, but 577,400 points.

At the same time, the wind clan station is above

Qin Feng is looking at his combat power with a smile on his face.

It turned out that he had finished adding points.

Today, his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 71,000 stars. If he adds the power of building a foundation, his comprehensive combat power will reach 77,000 stars.

This is infinitely close to the middle stage of the Heavenly Grade Nine Layers.

If he and Xiao Luan'er merged, it would be a proper mid-Nine level.

In addition, he has mastered a variety of S-level talents and eighth-level skills, and he dares to fight against the peak of the nine layers!

call!

Finally finished!

Qin Feng closed the panel with satisfaction.

With such strength, he finally has some confidence to challenge the mysterious forces.

Of course, he can challenge the last one or two.

Just like Na Yaotian Clan and Blood Moon Clan.

If you encounter the Xinggu clan, you will be in big trouble.

A powerhouse in the demigod realm can easily crush him with one hand!