Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Fortunately, the Xinggu people were too far away from the No. 1 area, so they could not do anything to him for a while.

However, he still can't relax!

"By the way, when will the Points Mall open?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

Chapter 402: The Second Holy Land Pass

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[This round of power rewards has all been distributed, and now the ranking of personal points is announced]

[Reminder: Only the top ten rankings will be announced for personal rankings, and there will be generous personal rewards]Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

[Reminder: This round is the first round of individual rankings, and the number of points will not be announced for the time being. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the entire competition area was in an uproar!

Knew it!

There is also a personal score ranking!

Before this, Tiandao also reminded.

Qin Feng was surprised.

His personal points are 165,500 points!

This can definitely enter the top ten, but I don't know how many places I can get.

Regardless of the number, as long as you enter the top ten, there will be rich rewards.

At the thought of a reward, his heart sank with enthusiasm.

At the same moment, the Long Yuan chat channel was full of chatter!

"Haha! Brothers, there is indeed a personal score ranking, which is great!"

"Yeah! The boss has 165,500 points, and it's absolutely no problem to enter the top ten!"

"You said, who will the boss be this time?"

"I don't know! However, as long as the boss is in the top ten, there will be rich rewards."

"Haha! I hope the boss can get a good ranking and can once again shorten the strength gap with Yaotian's patriarch."

"Brother, you have a good idea! If this wave, the boss gets more benefits than Yaotian's patriarch, the gap between their strengths will definitely shrink again."

"By the way, brothers, what kind of strength do you think the boss is now? After he and Xiao Luan'er merged, does he have the strength of the early stage of the ninth level?"

"Should have! He got 200,000 attribute rewards this time!"

"I think so too! However, after the bosses are combined, it is not enough to have only the strength of the early stage of the ninth level. That Yaotian patriarch has a divine artifact, and his comprehensive strength is comparable to the peak of the ninth level!"

"What's even more terrifying is that this guy also got 35,000 attribute rewards this time, and his strength has improved again!"

"Upstairs, you said that, the strength of the boss is much worse than that of the Yaotian Clan Chief!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in Long Yuan became a little nervous.

They also thought that Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er were combined, and the current comprehensive strength was only at the early stage of the ninth level.

In fact, Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er are combined, and their comprehensive strength is infinitely close to the peak of the ninth level.

In a word, Long Yuan is looking forward to Qin Feng's personal rankings as well...

Qin Feng is also looking forward to it...

At the same time, the Xinggu Clan Hall.

After hearing Tiandao's prompt, the senior members of the Xing Clan became active.

That Xing Jin said happily: "Patriarch, the personal ranking is about to start. You have 100,000 points, and you can definitely enter the top ten."

It turned out that the Xinggu people completed an A-level task and got 100,000 points.

According to the rules of Heaven, the 100,000 points were all counted on Xing Gu.

Therefore, even if Xing Gu had been in retreat before, he would still have 100,000 points.

"Humph!"

Xing Gu snorted disdainfully.

Doesn't seem to be interested.

Then, he said coldly: "According to the previous rules, this first round of personal rankings is just a small test, and even the specific points are not announced, and the rewards are very ordinary."

His tone seemed a little distasteful.

Xing Jin hurriedly smiled and said, "Patriarch, no matter how small the reward is, it's still meat! Besides, Tiandao reminded this time that there will be generous rewards, maybe the rules have changed."

Xing Gu didn't care: "There is a limit to changes!"

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[It has been detected that 17 people in this competition area have reached more than 50,000 points, and they have performed well in the top ten competition areas. Therefore, the personal rewards in this competition area will be more generous than before. 】

richer?

Xing Gu was shocked, and his originally sloppy expression became serious.

[The tenth place in this round - Luofu (Daluo tribe, mysterious force)]

"Hey! It's Luo Fu!"

"One of the supreme elders of the Daluo clan!"

"I didn't expect this guy to get the tenth place. It seems that he is the main force in the first round of the Da Luo clan!"

"I wonder how many points he got?"

"This is not clear. Generally, only oneself can see personal points, even their clansmen may not know!"

In the main hall, the senior members of the Xing Clan kept muttering.

Xing Gu also pricked up his ears and listened carefully.

He is more concerned with the content of the reward.

[The tenth place will be rewarded with 20,000 attribute points and 1 primary soul essence pill. 】

After the announcement, the audience exclaimed.

Xing Gu also widened his eyes.

20,000 attribute points!

There is also a primary soul essence pill!

You know, this is the tenth place!

It seems that the personal reward this time is more than ten times richer than before.

Thinking of this, Xing Gu was moved!

At the same time, he was a little depressed.

This first round of competition happened during his retreat period.

If he doesn't retreat, he should be able to get more points and at the same time allow the Xinggu Clan to keep the third place.

After all, the difference between Xinggu Clan and Longyuan Town is only 2,600 points!

Thinking of this, Xing Gu felt a little regretful about his seclusion.

But he is helpless!

At that time, it was the critical time for him to break through. He couldn't easily end the retreat!

Thinking of this, a nameless anger surged in Xing Gu's heart!

Blame that Longyuan Town!

If it wasn't for those guys taking advantage of it!

How could the Xinggu clan lose the third place?

At this time, Tiandao continued to announce…

[Individual ninth place in this round - Daoyan (Six Dao Clan, mysterious force)]

"This time it's Dao Yan!"

"This guy is the Supreme Elder of the Six Dao Clan!"

The field muttered again.

Xing Gu continues to listen...

[The ninth place rewards 30,000 attribute points and 2 primary soul essence pills. 】

30,000 points!

Xing Gu was moved again!

The reward this time was beyond his imagination.

At this time, the penalty money also came together.

He exclaimed in admiration: "Patriarch, the personal reward this time is really rich! It can't be underestimated!"

Xing Gu nodded slightly: "Indeed! By the way, do you know how many personal points 'Daoyan' has?"

He was able to calculate Daoyan's points because he wanted to calculate his own ranking.

Now, he cares more and more about this person's reward.

Such a generous reward made him have no choice but to be moved!

Xing Jin smiled bitterly: "Patriarch, this is not clear. Personal points are generally very secret. I am afraid that not many people in the Six Dao Clan know about it. Besides, my family has no eyeliner in the Six Dao Clan!"

Xing Gu was depressed: "It seems that the deity can't calculate his own ranking, so he can only wait for Tiandao to announce it slowly."

At this moment, his tone was a little anxious, and he was a little worried about gains and losses.

The higher the ranking, the better the reward!

He naturally wished his ranking could be higher.

At this moment, Xing Jin's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

Then, he lowered his voice and said: "Patriarch, my clan has no eyeliner in the Six Dao Clan, but has eyeliner in the Wanling Clan. As far as the eyeliner knows, the Wanling Patriarch's personal score is 98,100 points."

Xing Gu was suddenly surprised.

He now has 100,000 points, which is higher than Patriarch Wanling.

In the past, the personal ranking of the Wanling Patriarch was fourth.

In this way, he has a high probability of winning the third place!

If he can get the personal third place, then he can get back some of the face he lost in the previous power rankings.

At this time, Xing Jin said again: "The patriarch, at present, the patriarchs of the Liudao clan and the Daluo clan may surpass you. After all, these two clans have also completed A-level tasks. As for other forces, even the patriarch of Wanling. Not as tall as you, let alone the rest."

Xing Gu said solemnly: "Don't forget! There is also Longyuan Town! They are one rank higher than us in the power ranking."

When he heard 'Longyuan Town', Xing Jin felt a little uncomfortable.

Then, he said: "Patriarch, Longyuan Town only has a little more points than us in the power ranking, and the difference is not big. I don't believe it, they can surpass you in the personal ranking?"

"My family has completed A-level tasks, and the 100,000 points are all yours. As far as I know, Longyuan Town has only completed one B-level task, and their mayor also got 30,000 points."

"30,000 vs. 100,000, the gap is very obvious! As for why Longyuan Town has so many points, it should be that they have more people, and the accumulation of less makes more."

"I don't believe this old man, a leader of a new challenge force can get 100,000 points in the first round!"

After hearing this, Xing Gu nodded slightly.

He also didn't believe that a new leader of the challenge force could score 100,000 points in the first round.