Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

According to the past, if the leader of the challenge force can get 50,000 points, it is considered to be terrifying to the extreme.

With such an analysis, he has great hope of winning the third place!

Thinking of this, Xing Gu's eyes lit up again.

He didn't know that Qin Feng's points were 165,500 points, much higher than him!

With Qin Feng's points, let alone hitting the third place, even if he hit the first place, it is very possible.

At this time, Tiandao continued to send announcements...

[The eighth place in this round - Blood Shura (Blood Moon Clan, mysterious force)]

Blood Shura is the patriarch of the Blood Moon Clan.

[The eighth place rewards 50,000 attribute points and 3 primary soul essence pills. 】

The eighth place is 50,000 points!

Xing Gu listened silently...

The announcement continues...

[Individual seventh place in this round - Hao Ri (Haoyang clan, mysterious force)]

Hao Ri is the patriarch of the Haoyang Clan.

[The seventh place rewards 70,000 attribute points and 1 mid-level soul essence pill. 】

The ranking is getting higher and higher.

Xing Gu's mood is also getting more and more nervous, and he is still a little uneasy.

His unease came from Longyuan Town.

So far, the list of Longyuan Town has not appeared yet!

With so many points in Longyuan Town, Mayor Longyuan will definitely be on the list.

Could the mayor be in the top five?

Thinking of this, he was a little worried...

At the same time, Wind Clan was stationed.

Long Yuan went up and down, all nervously listening to the announcement of Tiandao.

Everyone is very much looking forward to Qin Feng getting a good ranking.

In the air, Qin Feng also listened nervously.

He is also very concerned about this reward.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue came over quietly.

Qin Feng couldn't help but look up, and suddenly his eyes lit up.

The two little girls have changed a lot!

Qiyue is more and more beautiful and moving, with extraordinary momentum.

Xiao Luan'er also seems to have grown up a bit, and she also looks more and more sweet and cute.

Obviously, this is the result of the strength of the two little girls soaring.

Today, Qiyue's combat power has reached 8,000 stars, plus the power of foundation building is 8,500 stars, which is not far from the fifth level of heaven.

Xiao Luan'er's combat power has reached 15,000 stars, plus the power of foundation building, it is 16,000 stars, reaching the sixth level of heaven.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

In particular, the improvement of Xiao Luan'er's strength was somewhat beyond his expectations, which surprised him quite a bit.

I don't know what level of combat power he will reach after combining with Xiao Luan'er?

This needs to be known after they are united.

And right now, he doesn't have time to deal with it.

"Dad! The personal reward this time is really rich!"

"Master, after you get your personal reward, you can combine with Xiao Luan'er, can you reach the strength of the ninth-level peak?"

At this moment, the two little girls looked at Qin Feng with concern.

Qin Feng smiled: "I don't know! It depends on what kind of reward I can get."

"right!"

"Sister Yue'er, I will wait for Tiandao to announce. I hope Dad can get a good reward!"

"Um!"

As soon as these words fell, the two little girls listened nervously.

Qin Feng stopped talking and listened carefully...

The announcement of Heavenly Dao continues...

[Individual sixth place in this round - Deterrence Dragon (Dragon Trainer, mysterious force)]

Shilong is the patriarch of the Dragon Taming Clan.

[The sixth place will be rewarded with 100,000 attribute points and 2 intermediate-level soul essence pills. 】

Soon, the ranking will be fifth.

At this moment, in the Xinggu Hall.

Xing Gu and the others held their breath silently and listened carefully.

Is the fifth place Patriarch Wanling or Mayor Longyuan?Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

If it is the patriarch of Wanling, then Xing Gu's third place is dangerous.

After all, the gap between him and the Wanling Patriarch is not that big!

Seemingly seeing Xing Gu's concern, Xing Jin whispered comfort.

"Patriarch, don't worry, the fifth is likely to be Mayor Long Yuan!"

These words just fell, and the new announcement of Tiandao came out...

[Individual fifth place in this round - Soul Void (Wan Ling Clan, mysterious force)]

[The fifth place rewards 130,000 attribute points and 3 intermediate soul essence pills. 】

What? !

The fifth place is actually the patriarch of all spirits - Soul Void!

Everyone's heart was shocked, and they felt bad!

Xing Gu couldn't help frowning.

Xing Jin muttered, "Could it be that Mayor Long Yuan is the fourth?"

As soon as the voice fell, Heavenly Dao came again.

[The fourth place in this round - Xinggu (Xinggu clan, mysterious force)]

[The fourth place rewards 160,000 attribute points and 1 high-level soul essence pill. 】

Damn it!

Xing Gu was trembling with anger!

He is still fourth!

The two consecutive blows made him extremely angry!

Xing Jin on the side swallowed his saliva with an embarrassed look on his face.

His mouth was too fast, and he was slapped in the face twice in a row, which was naturally embarrassing.

Afterwards, he muttered again: "Why is this? Patriarch, is it possible that Mayor Cheng Longyuan has a little more points than you this time, and happened to surpass you?"

Xing Gu sneered bitterly: "Most of the way! This extremely hateful guy actually let him get the third place!"

As soon as the voice fell, a new announcement was issued...

[Individual third place in this round - Luo Tian (Daluo Clan, mysterious force)]

[The third place will be rewarded with 200,000 attribute points and 2 high-level soul essence pills. 】

As soon as the news came out, Xing Gu and Xing Jin were a little confused!

what happened?

How could the third place be the patriarch of the Daluo clan—Luo Tian!

Shouldn't it be Mayor Long Yuan?

Could it be that Longyuan Town is the third place?

This is impossible!

Everyone has an idea, and a new announcement is released...

[The second place in this round - Dao Kong (Six Dao Clan, mysterious force)]

[The second place rewards 240,000 attribute points and 3 high-level soul essence pills. 】

What? !

The Patriarch of the Six Paths, Dao Kong, was only second!

Xing Gu and the others were dumbfounded!

Soon, Tiandao announced the last piece of information

[First place in this round - Qin Feng (Longyuan Town, challenging force)]

[The first place will be rewarded with 300,000 attribute points, 3 high-level soul essence pills, and 1 holy land pass. 】

Bang Jian!

As soon as the news came out, Xing Gu and the others were completely dumbfounded.

The field became extremely quiet for a moment, and you could even hear a needle falling.

At the same moment, the entire competition area was completely sensational!

Chapter 403 Famous competition area! Joined forces!

At this moment, the entire competition area is boiling!

Oh my God!

The personal first place is actually Qin Feng from Longyuan Town!

Obviously, Qin Feng is the mayor of Longyuan Town!

Is that guy really that good?

Countless people have such questions in their minds!

In this way, Qin Feng's reputation resounded in the first division at this moment...

At the same moment, the air in the Xingzu Hall seemed to freeze.

After a long time, Xing Gu and the others came to their senses and looked at each other with disbelief in their eyes.

"I didn't expect it! We have such a powerful challenger in the first division!"

Xing Gu was a little embarrassed.

His tone became calmer, no longer as violent as before.

"Patriarch, that Qin Feng should be the mayor of Long Yuan. This son has great potential and can't be kept!"

Xingjin intentionally reminded.