Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Xing Gu nodded slightly: "That's true! Besides, he already has two Holy Land passage orders in his hand, but the deity doesn't even have one. If he kills him, the deity will have the chance of a holy land!"

Xing Jin's eyes lit up: "Yes! This time, as a personal reward, he got another Holy Land Pass."

Speaking of this, Xing Jin's eyes showed a trace of greed.

Holy Land Chance!

He wants it too.

If the patriarch destroys Qin Feng, he will get two pass orders, and maybe he can also get one.

Thinking of this, he immediately said: "Patriarch, if we want to grab the Holy Land Pass, we have to act quickly. The Holy Land entrance will appear in 24 hours. At that time, the bearer must enter within an hour."

"If the time limit is exceeded, the entrance to the Holy Land will be closed, and all pass orders will disappear. If that pass order can only exist for 25 hours! We must get the token within 25 hours!"

Hearing this, Xing Gu was also a little anxious.

He hurriedly said: "Hurry up and check! Invite all the children of the clan to check! This deity wants to get the position of Longyuan Town in the shortest time."

"This subordinate will make arrangements!"

At the moment, Xing Jin leads the way

At the same time, the main hall of the Yao people.

Yaotian and everyone just recovered from their shock.

At this moment, Yao Tianchen said with a bitter face: "The clan is 850 long, and Qin Feng's excellence is far beyond our expectations!"

Yao Ji also took a deep breath: "The first place in person, without any strength, can't be won just by relying on the favor of heaven. I underestimated Qin Feng before I waited!"

Yao Tianchen said worriedly: "Yeah! It seems that my family wants to kill Qin Feng, I'm afraid it's not as easy as expected! Besides, he got 300,000 attribute points this time, and his strength has improved a lot. Ah!"

Hearing this, Yao Ji smiled slightly: "On the contrary! He got this reward, that means he must die!"

Yao Tianchen was stunned: "Patriarch, what do you say?"

The corners of Yaoji's mouth twitched slightly: "Before, Blood Moon Patriarch, Blood Shura, didn't ask my family about the situation in Longyuan Town? The deity asks you not to disclose it, that is because Qin Feng only has a Holy Land Pass."

"It's good now, Qin Feng has two pieces in his hand! You should inform Xue Shura now and ask him to come to our clan to join. The deity will join forces with him to kill Qin Feng. When the time comes to divide up Qin Feng's passing order, Just one piece!"

Yao Tianchen's eyes lit up.

Immediately, he said with ecstasy: "Patriarch, your idea is too good! The old man didn't think of this. This time, you and Xue Shura will take action together. If the two peak ninth-level powerhouses join forces, then Qin Feng will surely die!"

As soon as these words fell, the senior members of the Yao clan also happily agreed.

"Yeah! The two peaks of the ninth level have joined forces. Even if the Qin Feng thief has the strength of the peak of the ninth level, he can only escape for his life."

"Haha! If you want me to see, even if he has the strength of the ninth-level peak, he can't escape. The blood Asura Patriarch is best at chasing and killing people. Unless the strength is stronger than him or weaker than him, there is basically no survival. ."

"That's great! This time, we can finally get rid of Qin Feng!"

"Yeah! That guy is our biggest worry!"

The more people talk, the more excited they are.

Yaoji listened to it, but smiled without saying a word.

He was also a little worried at first, and he shot alone, I was afraid that Qin Feng would not be able to be killed.

But he was greedy for Qin Feng's passing order and was unwilling to find help.

Now that he has two pieces of the pass, he can safely go to the helper.

At this moment, Yao Tianchen said excitedly: "Patriarch, this old man is going to contact the Blood Moon Clan. Presumably, Xue Shura will be very excited when he hears this news. With his strength, he can reach me within five hours at most. The clan has settled down."

Yaoji smiled: "Go! The sooner the better! I can't wait any longer for Qin Feng to grow up!"

"Yes!"

Yao Tianchen hurriedly took orders and left...

Yaoji raised his head involuntarily and looked in the direction of the Wind Clan station...

If he is right, Qin Feng is in the Wind Clan residence.

When Xue Shura arrives, he and Xue Shura will fly across the strait and kill the Wind Clan's station. It will be about eight or nine hours later...

snort! Qin Feng!

You only have nine more hours to live!

I don't believe it, can you survive under the two peaks of the ninth level? !

Thinking of this, Yao Ji's mouth showed a sneer...

In fact, not only the Xinggu Clan and the Yaotian Clan, but also the other eight mysterious forces began to search for the location of Longyuan Town.

The impact Qin Feng brought to the forces was too great.

And the two holy land pass orders in his hand are full of infinite temptation to the forces...

At the same time, Wind Clan was stationed.

Everyone in Long Yuan cheered!

At this moment, everyone looked up at the front with excitement.

I saw a dazzling beam of light descending from the sky and shrouded Qin Feng.

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points are skyrocketing wildly...

After a while, the beam of light dissipated, and he slowly opened his eyes, filled with joy.

Just now, he received 300,000 attribute rewards.

However, it's not over yet!

As soon as this thought occurred, a second beam of light descended from the sky.

The three high-level soul essence pills slowly fell along the beam of light, and they arrived in front of Qin Feng in a blink of an eye.

He happily put it away.

Then, the third beam of light descended, and another mysterious token fell along the beam of light...

That is the Holy Land Pass!

Qin Feng put away the token again.

So far, he has six high-level soul essence pills in his hand, and two holy land pass orders, and he has received a lot of money.

He is the biggest beneficiary of this first round of competition!

And his income is far more than everyone's, even the income of the Six Path Patriarch is less than half of his, which is equivalent to one-third of his.

At this thought, Qin Feng was greatly satisfied.

At this moment, Tiandao made another announcement.

[This round of personal rewards has been distributed! 】

[From now on, the competition area will enter a rest period! The rest period is 48 hours. 】

[During the rest period, the second round of knockout rounds will start, and new rules will be announced at that time. 】

[During the rest period, the guardian forces and mysterious forces prohibit the killing of challengers. Every time a challenger is killed, 1000 points will be deducted, which will be accumulated to the next round of knockout. 】

[During the rest period, the challenge forces are not restricted, and the guardian forces and mysterious strengths can be killed at will, and the points earned will be counted into the next round of competition. 】

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire competition area was once again a sensation.

Those challengers who were killed by the Guardians and the Hidden to the point of despair, their eyes flashed, and they gave out earth-shattering cheers.

Ha ha!

This is a chance for them to breathe, and a chance for them to earn points.

After two days of rest, many challenging forces that were about to be wiped out now have hope of surviving.

At the same moment, Long Yuan was full of joy.

Earth-shattering cheers erupted from the major stations.

Qin Feng was also overjoyed.

He had originally thought that after the first round was over, it was time for all the men to participate in the Shengwu assessment.

It takes a lot of time to participate in the Shengwu assessment.

He was originally worried about the urgency of time, but he didn't expect Tiandao to give him two days of rest, which was really a second.

With these two days, all the disciples of Long Yuan should be able to break through to the prefecture level.

At that time, the strength of Longyuan Town will make an earth-shaking improvement.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Having said that, the rule of Heaven is obviously biased towards the challenging forces.

Come to think of it, the challenge force is too weak, like cannon fodder.

If there is no favoritism, I am afraid that after a few rounds of competitions, it will be completely extinct.

In this ten thousand worlds, there are not a few challenging forces that can be as powerful as Longyuan Town.

At this time, Tiandao continued to issue announcements…

[Three minutes later, the Points Mall will be automatically activated, and those who have obtained the permission of the mall can enter the mall to purchase the required items. 】

[Reminder: It is recommended to spend all the points in your hand during the rest period. The points obtained in this round will be reset before the next round of competition. 】

[Reminder: The entrance to the Holy Land will open in 24 hours! 】

[Preview: After the second round of knockout rounds, the top ten divisions will be automatically merged, and the competition will be more intense at that time. Please work hard. 】

【This round of competition is over! 】

[The rest period starts now at 00:0000:0100:02]

The ethereal voice of Tiandao has quietly dissipated...

call!

It's finally over!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

In the square below, everyone in Long Yuan was still excited.

"This first round of knockouts is finally over!"

"The next two days is a rest period! This rest period is very beneficial to our Longyuan Town!"

"Haha! That's right! We have to take advantage of this time to complete the breakthrough of the realm as soon as possible, so as not to drag the boss back!"

"Yeah! We also need to break through the realm. In the next second round, the top ten mysterious forces will all stare at us."

"The next round will be even more cruel! After the next round, I don't know what will happen if the ten major divisions are merged?"

"Don't think so much. In three minutes, the Points Store will open. I wonder what treasures are in that store?"

"Yeah! It's very exciting! I have 37 points in my hand, what can I buy?"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was gearing up, and all of them were looking forward to the Points Mall.

In the air, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were also full of expectations.

The two of them have a lot of points.

Xiao Luan'er has more than 8,000 points, and Qiyue has more than 2,000 points.

Of course, in terms of personal points, Qin Feng is far more than the two of them.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

At this moment, Qin Feng is also full of expectations for the Points Mall.

However, he had to digest the previous reward first.

"Dad, in three minutes, the Points Mall will be opened!"

"Master, I don't know if there is the supreme helicopter card you want in that mall?"

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue were both excited.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I'll know when the mall is activated. Let's not talk about this, let's go back to the zero-degree space first, and let Qiyue open the time force field. When the point mall comes out, let's study it slowly!"