Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Um!"

The two little girls nodded obediently.

In the next second, the three of them disappeared out of thin air.

Now, all the trivial matters have been dealt with, and there are Mirage clones guarding the Wind Clan station.

Qin Feng can safely digest the previous harvest

At the same time, people in the entire competition area are looking forward to the activation of the Points Mall.

It was also an invisible opportunity!

Of course, some people are very depressed.

That is the power ranking outside the five thousand.

These forces have points in their hands, but they have not entered the top 5,000, and they have not received the fifth-level reward, so naturally they do not have the right to enter the mall.

The points in their hands could only be watched helplessly as they were cleared.

Chapter 404 Soul power skyrockets, strength advances!

After a while, in the zero-degree space, inside the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng opened the panel and looked at the 300,000 attribute points he just got, with joy in his eyes.

Then, he added the starting point.

After a while, all 300,000 attributes were added, and his basic combat power soared to 76,700 stars.

If you add the power of foundation building, the comprehensive combat power will reach 83,700 stars, which is a proper mid-term strength of the ninth level of heaven.

Qin Feng suddenly laughed.

Now, even if he doesn't fit in with Xiao Luan'er, he still has the mid-ninth-level combat power.

If you count the various S-level talents and eighth-level skills, he can compete with the peak of the ninth level.

Now it seems that the peak of the ninefold is the strength threshold of the leader of the mysterious force.

Just like Yaoji of the Yaotian family!

However, Yao Ji used the help of the 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact'.

In this comparison, Qin Feng is stronger.

"I don't know when the Clan Chief Yaotian will come? He should have discovered the problem of the Wind Clan teleportation array! It is estimated that he will come soon. I don't know, is he alone this time? Or Invited help?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He knew very well in his heart that he was too eye-catching this time.

Especially after winning the personal first place and having two Holy Land Passes in hand, those mysterious forces will definitely be jealous, and at the same time they will be afraid of his rise.

I am afraid that at this moment, those mysterious forces are already in action.

Qin Feng sighed at this thought.

The wood show will be destroyed by the forest wind!

He understands this!

But if he didn't perform strongly, how could he get those massive rewards.

Everything has two sides!

Having said that, Clan Chief Na Yaotian will definitely find help.

Because he has two Holy Land passage orders in his hand, and Yaotian Clan Chief knows his approximate location.

As long as he reveals a little bit of information, he will definitely be able to win over a powerful helper.

At that time, he may face the alliance of the two great ninth-level peaks!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

With his current strength, to say that he can face the two peaks of the ninth level at the same time, he is not confident enough!

It seems that he has to improve his strength!

Thinking of this, when he turned it over in his hand, there was a purple elixir in the palm of his hand.

[Advanced Soul Essence Pill: Eighth-Order Spirit Pill]

This is an eighth-order elixir, which is of great help in improving the strength of the soul body.

The strength of the soul can also increase the strength.

call out!

Qin Feng opened his mouth and took a breath, then swallowed the Soul Yuan Dan...

The medicinal pill entered his throat, and the next second it turned into a majestic soul energy, which rushed directly into his sea of ​​consciousness...

Boom!

Suddenly, in his sea of ​​knowledge, the sky and the earth are tumbling!

Countless soul power energies poured into his soul body frantically...

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, and the strength of the soul body has been improved... The combat power has increased by 30 stars...]Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, and the strength of the soul body has been improved... The combat power has increased by 32 stars...]

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, and the strength of the soul body has been improved... The combat power has increased by 31 stars...]

Suddenly, Qin Feng's spirit body momentum continued to increase, and his combat power also continued to improve...

This high-level soul essence pill is very powerful!

Surprised, he hurriedly refined the soul essence pill wholeheartedly.

At the same time, in the Yao family hall.

Yao Ji frowned and looked a little depressed.

At this moment, light and shadow flashed at the entrance of the hall, and Yao Tianchen came back.

"Elder Chen, how is the situation?"

Yao Ji hurriedly asked.

Yao Tianchen said with a look of joy: "Patriarch, I have conveyed your meaning. The blood Asura was overjoyed and said that he would come out immediately. Within five hours, he will be able to arrive at our clan's station!"

Yao was extremely happy: "It's so good!"

At this time, Yao Tianchen said again: "Patriarch, Tiandao reminded just now that during the rest period, killing a challenger will deduct 1,000 points, which will be included in the next round of points elimination. Will this be bad for you to kill Qin Feng? what?"

Yaoji said indifferently: "As long as you can kill Qin Feng, what's the point of deducting 1,000 points? Besides, this time, I and Xue Shura joined forces, and the points are evenly divided, and about 500 points will be deducted, which is not in the way. ."

Yao Tianchen nodded slightly: "That's right! If you can kill Qin Feng, let alone deducting 1,000 points, even deducting 10,000 points is worth it!"

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Points Mall has been activated! Those who have the permission of the mall can browse the mall immediately. 】

[Reminder: This mall only exists for 48 hours. 】

"The mall has appeared!"

"It's finally here!"

Yao Ji and Yao Tianchen were all pleasantly surprised.

In the next second, there was an additional shopping mall interface in their minds.

The two quickly opened the mall interface, entered browsing, and greedily obtained opportunities

At this moment, not only them, but also the players with authority in the entire competition area entered the mall one after another.

The scene was in full swing, and the mall was very lively.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

In the past half an hour, many people in the mall have received a lot of money...

For example, the patriarch of the Blood Moon Clan - Blood Shura.

At this moment, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, Yuesang Island, in a courtyard.

A burly man with a red bald head was looking at himself with surprise.

This man is the Blood Moon Patriarch - Blood Shura!

It turned out that Moon Mulberry Island was the residence of the Blood Moon Clan.

Yuesang Island and Yunzhou Island are both isolated overseas and are relatively close to each other, so the Blood Moon Clan and the Yaotian Clan often communicate with each other.

At this time, Xue Shura smiled and was in a good mood.

Behind him, there was an old man with red hair and red beard.

The old man's name was Yedra, a powerhouse at the early stage of the ninth level of heaven, and the chief elder of the Blood Moon Clan.

At this moment, Yetra also looked at Xue Shura with a happy face, and kept smiling while stroking his beard.

It was not until Xue Shura turned around that he stepped forward to congratulate him.

"Congratulations to the patriarch for breaking through to the peak of the ninth level in one fell swoop!"

Ye Dara couldn't hide his excitement in his tone.

The great strength of the patriarch means the great strength of their clan!

For a party, the strength of the top powerhouse often represents the strength of the force.

"Haha! Ye Lao, if it weren't for your righteousness, you actually took out your more than 9,000 points in exchange for the opportunity to send me. Just relying on the deity's 40,000 points is enough for this deity to break through!"

Xue Shura was full of emotion, and his tone was full of gratitude to Yadra.

It turned out that he exchanged a lot of resources for the mall points exchange this time.

Yetra also used his points to exchange for a lot of resources, and then transferred them to Xue Shura.

Under the accumulation of so many resources, the blood Asura broke through to the peak of the ninth level in one fell swoop.

Of course, Blood Asura itself is an old-fashioned mid-level nine-layer powerhouse.

He was able to break through to the peak of the ninth level in one fell swoop.

There are also power rankings, and Blood Shura got the second-class reward.

In the personal ranking, Blood Shura took the tenth place.

Under the double reward, his strength skyrocketed.

In the end, he broke through to the peak of the ninth level of heaven.

At this moment, Ye Tuara stroked his beard and said with a smile: "The resources exchanged for thousands of points, even if the old man digests it, will not be able to break through the early stage of the ninth level. But if you give it to the patriarch, it will allow the patriarch to break through to the peak of the ninth level. Why is the old man not happy? for?."

"By the way, patriarch, Yaoji invites you to deal with Qin Feng. When are you leaving?"

Blood Asura smiled: "Let's set off immediately! After the deity leaves, you will be stationed in the Blood Moon Clan!"

"Don't worry, the patriarch! The old man will definitely guard the clan land!"

"Haha! With your words, the deity will be relieved."

Ye Tuara smiled again: "Patriarch, when you arrive at the Yao family residence, Na Yaoji will be very surprised to see your great progress in cultivation."

Xue Shura shook his head: "I can't let him know about this. If he knows that the deity has broken through, he will definitely be on guard. At that time, it is hard to say whether he will bring the deity to Qin Feng."

Ye Tuo Luo nodded: "That's right! The patriarch has broken through to the peak of the ninth level, and with the help of the gods, your strength is comparable to the limit of the ninth level, and you can easily crush the peak of the ninth level. Yao Ji will naturally be afraid of you."

Xue Shura sneered: "That guy is a person who likes to be suspicious. Maybe it is because he is suspicious that he clearly knows Qin Feng's location, but he doesn't dare to go alone, and he has to join forces with the deity. It's ridiculous to think about it!"

Ye Tuala also sneered: "Yeah! Don't look at that Qin Feng who won the first place. There is a lot of luck in it, and Tiandao's favoritism towards challengers."

"If you want to see this old man, that Qin Fengneng's strength at the peak of the eighth level is already extremely incredible."

Blood Shura also smiled and said: "The old man's idea coincides with the deity. He is just a leader who challenges the forces, no matter how strong he is, he can't be strong."

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled at each other.