Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Obviously, the two of them underestimated Qin Feng by a lot.

They didn't know that Yao Ji's cautiousness was also caused by the disappearance of Yao Tianxun and others.

It's like these two people are still self-righteous.

This is really because the challenging forces have always been weak, and they have formed a fixed mindset in their minds, and it is inevitable that they will underestimate Qin Feng.

At this time, Xue Shura said again: "Speaking of which, Qin Feng got a lot of rewards this time. Maybe he can break through to the early stage of the ninth level."

Ye Tuola said in a sour tone: "Even if that guy breaks through to the early stage of the ninth level, with the current strength of the patriarch, he can easily kill him. If he joins forces with Yao Ji, he can kill him in seconds."

Xue Shura smiled slightly: "I hope so! That kid has two Holy Land Passes on him! After killing him, the deity and Yao Ji will be divided into one."

Ye Tuo Luo rolled his eyes: "Patriarch, your strength has soared now. After killing Qin Feng, do you want to take advantage of Yao's unpreparedness and kill him together. One person has two tokens for himself!"

Hearing this, Xue Shura's heart moved.

But then, he shook his head with a wry smile: "I want to defeat Yao Ji, that's easy. But I want to kill him. It's almost impossible! Don't forget, he has a divine artifact in his hand. As long as the divine artifact is immortal, He will not die."

"Because of this, let alone the deity, even a demigod might not be able to kill him."

Ye Tara sneered: "Yes! The old man almost forgot about this. He has a divine object in his hand, so he really can't kill him. Unless the patriarch has the talent of the soul, it is possible to kill him."

Blood Shura smiled bitterly: "Soul Dao talent is an extremely rare S-level talent, and not many people in the entire competition area have mastered it! Forget it, I don't have to think about so many bowels, it's not bad for one person to have a pass."

"That's right!"

"Okay! The deity should rush over too! Lest Yaoji have to urge again!"

"The patriarch will surely return in triumph this time!"

"Haha! I hope so!"

Blood Asura cast a secret technique at will, hiding the cultivation base to the middle stage of the ninth level.

Afterwards, he fled in the direction of the Yao people.

Yedra looked at his distant back, but there was a hint of ridicule in his eyes.

It was not until Xue Dara's back completely disappeared from sight that Ye Dhara took out the communication talisman and sent out a message.

After that, he looked up in a certain direction.

That is the direction where the Wanling Race is.

His news has been sent out, and he can't control how the Wanling Clan arranges it.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng is meditating with his eyes closed.

At this moment, he was shrouded in a thick red mist, and his whole body radiated red light that shone through the sky!

He is refining the last high-level soul essence pill.

Suddenly, the red mist poured into his body crazily, and the red light from the sky gradually subsided.

After a while, all the visions dissipated!

Qin Feng also opened his eyes from the meditation, and his face was full of joy.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Refining the advanced soul essence pill is completed! Congratulations, your soul body strength has risen to the peak of the ninth level of heaven! 】

[The strength of the soul body has been greatly improved! Your basic combat power is increased to 78,000 stars]

[The strength of the soul body has been greatly improved! The range of the eighth-order skill 'Spiritual Consciousness' is extended to a radius of 300 miles. 】

[The strength of the soul body has been greatly improved! The power of the eighth-order skill "Destroying Soul Eye" has been greatly improved. 】

call!

Finally finished refining!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and was in a very good mood.

Thirty or forty minutes have passed in the outside world, and five or six hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

During this period of time, he refined all the six 8th-order soul essence pills, and the strength of the soul body reached the peak of the ninth level of heaven.

You must know that the strength of soul power has a great relationship with realm.

At present, he is only at the Earth-level realm, and the strength of his soul power is comparable to the peak of the ninth-level heaven-level, which is already extremely astonishing.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied, and even a little unfinished.

"By the way, the Points Store should be open, right?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and opened the panel.

As soon as he opened the panel, he saw an additional points mall channel at the bottom right of the panel.

He was overjoyed, and quickly opened the channel and entered the mall interface.

Chapter 405 Eighth Consciousness - Alaya Consciousness!

The next second, Qin Feng found a shopping mall interface in front of him, which was full of item lists.

Divine cards, medicinal herbs, resources, materials, and weapons were all available, making him dazzled.

Soon, his eyes fell on the options at the top of the interface.

[Attribute exchange: 1 point can be exchanged for 5 attribute points]

[Reminder: The upper limit of personal exchange is 30,000 points, which cannot be exchanged. 】

[This item is a mall benefit, and the exchange rate is the most cost-effective. It is recommended that players choose it first]

Seeing this, Qin Feng radiated light.

1 point is exchanged for 541 attribute points, which is really a bargain!

This is a benefit given by the mall, so what is there to hesitate!

Thinking of this, he chose to exchange without hesitation.

[Successful redemption: You spent 30,000 points to exchange for 150,000 attributes]

[Reminder: You have reached the limit of this exchange item. 】

good!

Got another 150,000 attribute points.

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

He still has 135,500 points left, and he has to spend them all, otherwise it will be wasted. By the way, what he wants most is the Supreme Upgrade Card.

That kind of rare **** card can't be bought in the Vientiane Temple. I wonder if there is any in this mall?

With this in mind, he entered the divine card category page.

There are everything from the first-order **** card to the seventh-order **** card at the entrance.

After a while, there was joy in his eyes.

[Supreme Synthesis Card: Seventh-Order God Card]

[Exchange points: 750 points. 】

[Reminder: Only 2 can be redeemed per person. 】

The Supreme Synthetic Card is also a rare God Card!

A supreme synthesis card represents an epic treasure chest, which also represents an eighth-order item.

With Qin Feng's current vision, only items above the eighth-order can make him excited.

Thinking of this, he chose to exchange without hesitation.

[Successful redemption: You spent 1500 points to redeem 2 Supreme Synthetic Cards]

good!

Continue the treasure hunt!

Soon, there was joy in his eyes again.

[Supreme Helicopter Card: Seventh-Order God Card]

[Exchange points: 1000 points. 】

[Reminder: Only 1 exchange per person is allowed. 】

Ha ha!

The Supreme Helicopter Card he was looking for was finally found.

Qin Feng is delighted!

A Supreme Helicopter Card represents a ninth-order treasure!

pity!

Only one of these rare God cards can be purchased per person.

[Successful redemption: You spent 1,000 points to redeem a Supreme Synthetic Card]

God card in hand!

Qin Feng was satisfied.

He still has 133,000 points left.

Continue the treasure hunt…

Soon, he found that he was interested in prestige gambling cards, points gambling cards, village-level gambling cards, space upgrade cards...

In this way, Qin Feng happily searched for treasure...

After this, he exchanged a lot of treasures, which made him satisfied.

He still has 122,000 points left.

Soon, he browsed to the last page of the mall.

There were only three treasures on that page, and they were also the three rarest treasures in the entire mall.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Just one look, Qin Feng was attracted.

The first treasure is a **** card.

[Foundation Promotion Card: Eighth-Order God Card]

[Exchange points: 5000 points]

【Inventory: 2 pieces】

[After using this card, there is a certain probability that the foundation building rank can be improved by one level]

[Reminder: The minimum success rate of this card is 5%. The stronger the strength, the higher the success rate. 】

[Reminder: Only those who have the title of 'Anti-God' are authorized to purchase. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The eighth-order **** card that can improve the foundation-building rank!

Even better, only God-defying people can buy it.

He is the God-defying man!

Looking at this mall, there are only 2 cards in stock, and there are still 2 cards, indicating that no one has permission to buy them.

Only he can buy it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt somewhat at ease.

Having said that, the value of this eighth-order **** card is only 5,000 points. The price is not expensive, but it is very useful.

This is clearly the care of heaven for those who defy God!

For the first time, the benefits of defying the gods were manifested.

"By the way, I'm already a first-class god-grade foundation building. It should be the limit in foundation building, right! Is it still useful for me to use this **** card?"