Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Want to give it a try?

Maybe, on top of the high-grade god-grade foundation, there is a stronger-grade foundation.

If you fail, you will only lose 5,000 points!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng chose to exchange.

In the next second, he had a purple divine card in his hand, with its own glow, shining brightly.

That is the 'Foundation Promotion Card'!

Afterwards, he took a deep breath, and the blood clotted his fingers, dripping to the **** card...

hum!

In the next second, the divine card aura released, turned into a mass of purple light, and poured into his body...

[Using the 'Foundation Promotion Card'...]

【Use successfully! Congratulations, your Earth-level Spirit Seal is being strengthened...]

Boom!

At this moment, the heaven and the earth resonate, and all worlds shake!

A golden light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng. The endless power of the world poured into his sea of ​​consciousness, rushed into his earth-level spiritual seal, and began to strengthen the spiritual seal...

The earth-level spiritual seal is the core of the earth-level powerhouse, and it is also the hub that the earth-level powerhouse uses to control the power of heaven and earth.

Qin Feng thought that his Earth-level Spirit Seal was already the strongest, and it could still be strengthened without this moment...

He was instantly overjoyed, closed his eyes involuntarily, and wholeheartedly strengthened his spiritual imprint...

It didn't take long for all the visions to dissipate!

Heaven also sent a reminder!

[Spiritual seal enhancement completed! Congratulations on your foundation building rank, which has been upgraded from the superior **** level to the anti-god level! 】

【Congratulations on getting the Anti-God-level Foundation Establishment! Your foundation building power is increased to 10,000 stars. 】

【Congratulations on getting the Anti-God-level Foundation Establishment! Your life limit is raised to 600 years old. 】

【Congratulations on getting the Anti-God-level Foundation Establishment! Becoming the first Earth-level powerhouse to achieve such an achievement in the past five million years in the Blue Star Realm, gaining 100 reputation. 】

[Reminder: Foundation Establishment Promotion Card, each person can only use it once. You have reached the limit of use. 】

For a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

He didn't expect that on top of the high-grade god-level foundation, there really was a higher-level foundation - the anti-god-level foundation!

He even got promoted!

Today, his basic combat power is 78,000 stars, plus the power of the anti-god-level foundation building, that is 88,000 stars.

A proper ninth-level peak strength!

The 5,000 points exchanged for a **** card, let him skyrocket the combat power of 4,000 stars in one fell swoop, which is really cost-effective.

Of course, only Qin Feng can get such a big benefit.

If you change to someone else, you don't have the right to buy the 'Foundation Promotion Card'.

Even if you buy it, that 5% success rate will make the vast majority of people fail.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with the result this time.

Then, he continued to check the second treasure.

[Kirin blood essence (top grade): quasi-ninth-order item, thunder attribute. 】

[Exchange points: 10,000 points]

【Inventory: 1 group】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Quasi-ninth-order items, the quality is between the eighth and ninth orders, and the price is invaluable!

What's more, this is the blood of a high-grade divine beast, which is exactly what Qin Feng needs.

At the moment, he exchanged it without hesitation.

After a while, a white light flashed in front of him, and there was an extra mass of blood essence like ruby, with its own rays of light, and a hidden projection of the divine beast unicorn, which was looming in the rays of light.

That is the blood essence of the top-grade unicorn!

Qin Feng took out a white jade bottle and filled it with blood.

When he refines the blood of this high-grade divine beast, he might make his bloodline talent break through to SS rank in one fell swoop.

If the breakthrough is successful, his strength will have a huge improvement!

However, he has no way to refine this divine blood now.

Because this divine blood is of the thunder attribute, it is the missing part of the beast divine seal.

It seems that he has to seize the time to repair the mark of the beast god.

Only after repairing the seal of the beast **** can he refine the high-grade blood essence.

Fortunately, he has ready-made materials, it shouldn't be difficult to repair...

Qin Feng silently collected the essence and blood, and then looked at the last treasure.

[Sky Soul Fruit: Ninth-Order Spirit Fruit]

[Exchange points: 100,000 points]

【Inventory: 1 piece】

[After taking it, the eighth consciousness - Alaya consciousness can be automatically awakened. 】

[Reminder: To eat this spiritual fruit, you need the soul body strength to reach the demigod realm or above, and the soul body below the demigod realm strength will instantly collapse under the power of this spiritual fruit. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was surprised and happy.

This is the only ninth-order item in the entire mall.

However, its price is also frighteningly expensive, reaching 100,000 points.

Because it is so expensive, no one has ever redeemed it.

The patriarchs of the three mysterious forces, Xing Gu, Luo Tian, ​​and Dao Kong, can afford it.

But if they exchanged this spiritual fruit, they could not exchange other resources.

Putting this question in front of them is a dilemma.

But in front of Qin Feng, that's not a problem.

At the moment, he chose to exchange without hesitation...

[Successful exchange: You spent 100,000 points to exchange for 1 Heavenly Soul Fruit (Ninth-Order Spirit Fruit)]

So far, Qin Feng has only 7000 points left.

In the next second, there was another red spirit fruit in front of him, showing colorful brilliance, exuding frightening soul power fluctuations.

That is the Heavenly Soul Fruit!

"This is the ninth-order spiritual fruit! Awakening the eighth sense is definitely not easy. Unfortunately, I can't refine it!"

Qin Feng picked up the Heavenly Soul Fruit and observed it carefully, feeling a little regretful in his heart.

This spirit fruit requires a soul body with the strength of a demigod in order to withstand the power of the spirit fruit.

And his soul body strength is only at the peak of the ninth level of heaven, and there is an inadvertent gap from the demigod realm.

From the peak of the ninth level of heaven to the demigod realm, that is a qualitative change, with a huge gap.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

It seems that this Spirit Fruit cannot be refined for the time being.

After waiting for the soul body to become stronger, he refined it again.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to put away the Heavenly Soul Fruit.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Reminder: Your light messenger, 'Little Luan'er', has successfully realized the S-level talent - the law of extreme sun! 】

[Your vocation skill - perception sharing is automatically activated! 】

[Sentiment Sharing Launch 1.8: You are sharing the insights of the 'Principle of Extreme Yang' with the light messenger 'Little Luaner'...]

Boom!

At this moment, a lot of information poured into Qin Feng's mind.

That was Xiao Luan'er's perception of the Law of Extreme Yang!

He couldn't help closing his eyes, digesting those feelings...

Suddenly, his perception of the law of extreme sun is increasing wildly...

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations on your realization of the S-level talent - 'The Law of Extreme Yang']

[Reminder: Your A-level light law talent has been automatically promoted to S-level extreme sun talent, and your S-level 'light and dark reincarnation' talent has tripled its power again. 】

[Reminder: The power of your S-rank 'Reincarnation of Light and Darkness' talent has increased, and the duration of your rank 8 skill 'Body of Two Poles' will be automatically extended to 9 hours. 】

[Reminder: Your S-rank 'Reincarnation of Light and Darkness' talent has reached the standard for promotion to SS rank 'Reincarnation of Life and Death'. After awakening the eighth sense, you can obtain the SS-level talent "Reincarnation of Life and Death". 】

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of ecstasy.

He got another S-level rule, which greatly increased his strength.

What's even better is that he is just one line away from the SS-level talent - the reincarnation of life and death!

As long as he awakens the eighth consciousness, the Alaya consciousness, he can immediately obtain the reincarnation of life and death.

As for how to awaken the eighth sense, isn't the chance right in front of you!

Qin Feng's eyes fell on Tianhunguo, and his eyes showed joy again.

Chapter 406 Surprise discovery! Bright willows!

As for how to awaken the eighth sense, isn't the chance right in front of you!

Qin Feng's eyes fell on Tianhunguo, and his eyes showed joy again...

However, refining this heavenly soul fruit requires the strength of a soul body at the demigod level.

It seems that he has to increase the strength of his soul first!

How to improve it?

The quickest way is naturally to be promoted to the realm of heaven.

It can be promoted to the sky level, and the level needs to reach level 40.

He is only level 35, and it will be too time-consuming to wait until he reaches level 40.

In addition, there is another way to improve the strong soul body, that is to take the soul essence pill.

"The high-level soul essence pill can improve the soul body, and the effect is extremely significant. If I can get more than a dozen high-level soul essence pills, it should be able to raise my soul body to the demigod realm. At that time, I can refine the heavenly soul. It's fruit."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

pity!

There are no high-level soul essence pills for sale in the Points Mall.

Even the primary soul essence pill and the intermediate soul essence pill were not sold.

Obviously, Soul Yuan Dan is also a kind of scarce resource!

It can be seen that the way to increase the strength of the soul body is very limited.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little worried.

Now, he couldn't wait to raise his soul body, but he was stuck here.

Could it be that he has only one way to break through the realm?