Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

But when he breaks through to the realm of heaven, I don't know when to wait.

correct!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he had thought of something, he quickly switched to the God Card interface.

Moments later, he found the item he was looking for...

[Tier 5 Dan Fang Card: Primary Soul Yuan Dan]

[Exchange points: 400 points. 】

[After using this card, you can get the recipe and refining method of the primary soul essence pill (sixth order). 】

[Reminder: You need to master the alchemy technique above the intermediate level before you can refine the primary soul essence pill]

call!

Sure enough!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Although there are no elementary soul essence pills for sale in the mall, there are pill cards for elementary soul essence pills for sale.

This is also very good!

Qin Feng is an alchemist who has mastered advanced alchemy techniques, and is fully qualified to refine primary soul essence pills.

Although the effect of the primary soul essence pill is much worse than that of the advanced soul essence pill, it can also increase the strength of the spirit body...

He can refine a large number of primary soul essence pills to strengthen the soul body...

[Successful exchange: You spent 400 points to exchange for a fifth-order pill card (primary soul essence pill)]

The next second, a white light flashed in front of Qin Feng, and there was an extra golden Danfang card.

He put it away with satisfaction and continued browsing...

After a while, his face showed joy again...

[Tier 6 Dan Fang Card: Intermediate Soul Yuan Dan]Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

[Exchange points: 600 points. 】

[After using this card, you can get the formula and refining method of the Intermediate Soul Essence Dan (Tier 7). 】

[Reminder: You need to master the advanced alchemy technique before you can refine the intermediate soul essence pill]

[Reminder: You need to master the primary soul essence pill recipe before you can use this card]

Great!

There are also Dan Fang cards for the intermediate Soul Yuan Dan!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Redeem now!

[Successful exchange: You spent 600 points to exchange for a sixth-order Danfang card (intermediate soul essence Dan)]

He then continued to search for…

After a while, he found another surprise!

[Tier 7 Dan Fang Card: Advanced Soul Yuan Dan]

[Exchange points: 1000 points. 】

[After using this card, you can get the recipe and refining method of the high-level soul essence pill (eighth-order). 】

[Reminder: You need to master top-level or above alchemy techniques before you can refine high-level soul essence pills]

[Reminder: You need to master the formula of Intermediate Soul Essence before you can use this card]

Qin Feng laughed!

Even the high-level Soul Yuan Dan's Dan Fang card is also available.

It can be seen that the Points Mall is also a great opportunity for alchemists.

[Successful redemption: You spent 1,000 points to redeem a seventh-order pill card (advanced soul essence pill)]

Redemption successful!

So far, Qin Feng has all the recipes of soul essence pills at all levels.

Next, he only needs to refine a large amount of soul essence pills.

I believe that it will not be long before he can increase the strength of his soul body to the level of a demigod.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to quit the mall and start taking action...

"By the way! I still have 5,000 points left, and this must be used up early. No need at this time, it will be cleared before the next game starts."

At the moment, Qin Feng continues to browse the mall to find the resources he wants...

But he looked for a long time and couldn't find what he wanted...

Tiandao once reminded that after each round of competition, the items in the Points Mall will be updated, and many new treasures will be added...

Now the items in this mall, the treasures he wants, have basically been purchased.

"Right! Just choose it!"

Qin Feng murmured and his eyes fell on the last page again.

[Foundation Promotion Card: Eighth-Order God Card]

[Exchange points: 5000 points]

【Inventory: 1/2】

[After using this card, there is a certain probability that the foundation building rank can be improved by one level]

[Reminder: The minimum success rate of this card is 5%. The stronger the strength, the higher the success rate. 】

[Reminder: Only those who have the title of 'Anti-God' have the right to exchange. 】

This card is very affordable!

According to Qin Feng's assessment, its real value should be 10,000 points, and it was actually sold for 5,000 points.

This is the care of heaven for those who defy God!

In the entire mall, there are only two in total.

He exchanged one and left the last one, but no one has permission to exchange it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng chose to exchange.

[Successful exchange: You spent 5,000 points to exchange for a 'Foundation Promotion Card' (eighth-order)]

Redemption is complete!

Points were exhausted perfectly, not a single point was wasted.

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, with a wave of his hand, he summoned Xiao Luan'er.

"dad!"

When Xiao Luan'er saw Qin Feng, she ran over coquettishly.

The little guy has just realized the S-rank extreme yang talent, and he is in a very good mood.

The whole person became dazzling.

Qin Feng also looked at her with a smile.

Seeing this, his eyes lit up with joy.

The little guy's points exchange this time has gained a lot of benefits!

Today, her basic combat power has reached 18,000 stars, and with her foundation building power, she has 19,000 stars.

"Dad, what are you looking for Luan'er?"

"Little guy, this is for you!"

Qin Feng handed over the 'Foundation Promotion Card'.

"Hey! Eighth-order God Card!"

The little guy took a look and was surprised.

After she read it carefully, she was even more happy.

"Dad, I used this divine card, can I really raise my foundation by a rank? It only has a 5% success rate."

Qin Feng smiled: "That is the lowest success rate. With your strength, the success rate can reach at least 80%."

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed: "Wow! That's great, Dad, when I break through to the middle-level god-level foundation, my combat power will reach 20,000 stars."

Seeing the happy look of the little guy, Qin Feng also showed a relieved smile.

The stronger the little guy is, the greater the benefit to him.

He naturally wants to improve the strength of the little guy as soon as possible.

"Dad, then I'm going to refine this God Card!"

"Go!"

"Um!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Luan'er was about to leave.

At this time, she thought of something and turned back: "By the way, Dad, the townspeople have already exchanged their points, and everyone's strength has improved a lot. Now, Liu Xuan and the others want to participate in the Shengwu assessment, just wait. Your consent is granted."

Xiao Luan'er reported the current situation by the way.

Today, Qin Feng speaks his mind in Longyuan Town.

Without his orders, the subordinates would not dare to act without authorization.

Qin Feng thought for a while, and then said: "Little guy, you ask Liu Xuan to take the 20th-level townspeople to the Vientiane Temple to participate in the Shengwu assessment."

"As for the townspeople at level 19, let them all rush to the WindClan station to gather, and then there will be new tasks for them."

Today's Longyuan townspeople no longer exist below level 19.

Xiao Luan'er was curious: "Dad 380, what other tasks are there next?"

Qin Feng raised his head and looked in the direction of Lei Clan and Ze Clan.

"In this second area, there are also two guardian forces, the Lei Clan and the Ze clan. It is time to clear them up and unify the second area. When these two forces are eliminated, those level 19 townspeople will also rise to level 20. , it is also beneficial for them to participate in the holy martial arts assessment."

The most favorable level to participate in the Shengwu assessment is the level 20.

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed: "Yes! The rest period is used to limit the guardian forces and mysterious forces, and there are no restrictions on our challenge forces. If these two forces are eliminated in advance, we can collect some points in advance for the next round."

Qin Feng smiled: "Go! You and Qiyue make arrangements together!"

"Okay! Dad!"

The little guy took the **** card and disappeared out of thin air.

Looking at the direction where the little guy disappeared, Qin Feng was full of anticipation.

He is still two sites away from unlocking the 1000-star Feedback permission.

The Lei Clan and Ze Clan's territory just met his needs.

In another twenty or so hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened.

This time, the powerhouses of all realms gathered in the Holy Land, and there must be a lot of powerhouses in the demigod realm.

In the first division of the Light Blue Star Realm, there are a lot of hidden demigod realm powerhouses, not to mention the ten thousand realm powerhouses.

Even, there will be False God realm in it!

Above the demigod realm is the virtual **** realm.

Not to mention the False God realm, even a demigod realm powerhouse can easily crush him.

He has to make some preparations in advance for the next trip to the Holy Land.

Therefore, it is very necessary to unlock the 1000-star feedback permission.