Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Maybe, after he got the 1000-star feedback authority, he would have the confidence to compete with the demigod realm.

In this way, his trip to the Holy Land can maximize the benefits.

Therefore, it is imperative to destroy the Lei Clan and Ze Clan!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very satisfied with his arrangement.

Then, he continued to

Chapter 407 Mysterious Powerhouse

Immediately, Qin Feng took out three Danfang cards and poured blood essence into them.

After a while, the three Danfang cards turned into golden light, one after another melted into his body...

[Fusion of the fifth-order Danfang card is successful! Congratulations, you have obtained the recipe and refining method of the primary soul essence pill. 】

[Successful fusion of the sixth-order Danfang card! Congratulations, you have obtained the formula and refining method of the Intermediate Soul Essence Pill. 】

[Fusion of the seventh-order Danfang card is successful! Congratulations, you have obtained the recipe and refining method of the advanced soul essence pill. 】

call!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

All the medicine pill formulas are mastered, and the next thing is left to the wood spirit clone.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and summoned the wood spirit clone.

Among the four avatars, the wood spirit avatar has the strongest wood ability and is also the best at alchemy.

As soon as the wood spirit clone appeared, he sat cross-legged and took out an alchemy furnace.

Then, he clicked on the 'Certified Alchemist' interface.

As Qin Feng's clone, he can also operate those interfaces.

As soon as he entered the interface, the Mu Ling clone laughed.

Knew it!

There are many quests for primary soul essence pills and intermediate soul essence pills, all of which are requested by challengers from all realms.

In this way, the problem of collecting alchemy materials can be easily solved, and Qin Feng does not need to collect at all.

That's the benefit of being a certified alchemist!

At the moment, the wood spirit clone took over all the tasks of refining the soul essence pill.

With this operation, he received 114 primary soul essence pill tasks and 37 intermediate soul essence pill tasks.

As for the Advanced Soul Essence Pill quest, there is none.

The high-level soul essence pill is an eighth-order medicinal pill, and no one has collected the materials for its refining, so no one is seeking to refine it.

However, the wood spirit clone can't refine high-level soul essence pills either.

Refining high-level soul essence pills requires top-level alchemy techniques.

He is still a high-level alchemist, and he is still a little short of the top level.

However, when he completes the primary and intermediate level soul essence pill tasks, the alchemy technique can be upgraded to the top level.

At that time, he will also be able to refine high-level soul essence pills.

Thinking of this, the wood spirit clone took out an initial soul essence pill material, began to refine the medicinal materials, and threw himself into the great cause of pill concocting in a happy mood...

At the same time, Qin Feng entered the life and career channel and started to operate

After a while, Tiandao sent a prompt

[Successful with 300,000 contribution points! Congratulations, you have learned the level 5 blacksmith profession - inscription pattern. 】

"Finally learned!"

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

If he wants to repair the 'Beast God's Seal', he needs to use the inscription technique.

Thinking of this, his heart moved, and his whole body lit up with golden light.

In the next second, the seal of the beast flew out of his body.

Then, he took out the Thunder Soul Crystal.

Next, he began to repair the 'Beast God's Seal'...

As long as this seal is successfully repaired, he can refine the high-grade unicorn blood essence...

While Qin Feng was in retreat, Longyuan Town also became active.

Liu Xuan led 7,000 Long Yuan disciples to the Vientiane Temple to take part in the Shengwu assessment...

Yueling's clone, Xiao Luan'er took 3,000 19th-level Long Yuan children and went to the Lei Clan station...

The Bing Ling clone messenger took 5,000 19th-level Long Yuan disciples to the Ze people's residence...

The Mirage clone stayed in the WindClan station.

Qiyue stayed in the zero-degree space, exerting a time force field to assist Qin Feng in retreat...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, five hours passed by outside.

In these five hours, there were thousands of residents of Longyuan Town, who passed the foundation building assessment, and their strength skyrocketed, and half of them broke the 1,000-star rating...

At the same moment, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, the edge of Yunzhou Island.

Yao Ji was suspended in the air, looking at the wind direction of the Wind Clan's residence.

The vast ocean is endless, with no end in sight.

Behind him, there is also a red-clothed bald man hanging, it is the blood Shura.

After five hours of rushing, the blood Asura finally arrived at the residence of the Yao people.

"Brother Yaoji, if Xuemou remembers correctly, isn't there a teleportation formation between you Yaotian Clan and Feng Clan?"

Blood Shura also looked towards the direction of the Wind Clan resident.

Yao Ji smiled bitterly: "The teleportation array has been cut off!"

Xue Shura's heart moved: "Brother Yaoji, so that Qin Feng is at the Feng Clan residence?"

Yao Ji nodded slightly: "It's very possible!"

"By the way, Brother Yaoji, what kind of strength do you think that Qin Feng kid is?"

Blood Shura asked curiously again.

Yao Ji pondered for a while and said, "Before the first round of rewards was handed out, that kid should have the strength of the early stage of the ninth level. After this reward, I'm afraid there is a middle stage of the ninth level."

"Really?! Brother Yaoji, don't you think too highly of that kid!"

The corners of Xue Shura's mouth twitched slightly, a little disbelieving.

A small challenge force leader!

How could it be possible to reach the strength of the mid-ninth stage in such a short period of time!

If so, it is too exaggerated!

Don't say that the challenger of this world is from Xiaoqian World.

Even if it is from the Great Thousand World, it is absolutely impossible.

Yao Ji smiled bitterly: "I also hope it is overestimated! But judging from all the signs, he has the strength of the middle stage of the ninth layer, and it is very likely!"

Blood Shura still didn't care: "Even if he has the middle stage of the ninth level, you and I can still kill him by joining forces!"

Yao Ji smiled and said, "This is what Yao wants! That Qin Feng is a big hidden danger and must be removed as soon as possible. Otherwise, there will be endless troubles!"

Blood Shura nodded slightly: "That's right! The challenger has the favor of heaven, and the growth rate is faster! That kid is the best among the challengers, and the growth rate is faster!"

Yao Ji: "Brother Shura, in seventeen hours, the entrance to the Holy Land is about to open. I can't wait any longer! We must kill Qin Feng before that!"

Hearing this, Blood Asura finally felt a sense of urgency.

"Let's go then! By the way, Brother Yaoji, can we arrive at the Wind Clan station in three hours at the speed I'm waiting for?"

"It should be possible! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two flew in the direction of the Wind Clan station.

The speed of the two was extremely fast, and they turned into two streams of light in the blink of an eye, disappearing at the end of the sea...

Just after the two left, a large cloud of white mist formed out of thin air on a sea surface near Yunzhou Island.

Afterwards, the white mist gradually condensed into a human form and turned into a white-haired old man in a white robe.

The white-haired old man had his feet on the sea surface, as if he was walking on the ground, as if his entire body had no weight. As the sea surface surged, it rose and fell slightly.

At this moment, with his hands behind his back, he looked at the direction where Yao Ji and the others were leaving, with a faint smile on the corner of his mouth.

"It turns out that Qin Feng appeared at the Wind Clan's station... a bit interesting!"

The old man muttered in his heart.

This time, the news from Yetra is very useful!

It turned out that the old man was the powerhouse of the Myriad Spirit Clan.

The Wanling Clan, the fourth-ranked force among the ten mysterious forces, is much stronger than the Blood Moon Clan and the Yaotian Clan.

"The mantis catches the cicada, and the oriole is behind. This time, the old man is going to **** the two holy land passes from these two guys."

The old man muttered in his heart.

Thinking of this, he was in a good mood.

You know, the Holy Land Pass has always been a top three opportunity.

As the fourth-ranked force, the Wanling Race has never had such a chance.

He never thought that now the opportunity has come to the door on his own initiative.

As long as he defeats Xue Shura and Yao Ji, the pass will naturally belong to him, and it's still two pieces!

With his strength, it should be easy to defeat the two blood Shura.

As for Qin Feng!

Listening to Yaoji's meaning, he has the strength of the middle stage of the ninth level of heaven.

With such strength, he does not have any divine artifact in hand, and he lacks the means of resurrection. He is simply not worthy of his opponent.

Thinking of this, the old man smiled slightly, and his figure gradually became translucent, and then dissipated on the sea...

In fact, both the white-haired old man, Yao Ji and Xue Shura have far underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

Today's Qin Feng, even if he doesn't fit in with Xiao Luan'er, still has the strength of the ninth-level peak.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

If the integration is completed, the strength will reach the threshold of the peak of the sky.

The peak of the heaven level is beyond the ninth level of the heaven level, and it is weaker than the demigod realm.

And after he and Xiao Luan'er merged, they mastered the 'Nirvana Rebirth' skill, and the resurrection ability was comparable to the leader of the mysterious force who mastered the divine object...

In this way, Yaoji and Xue Shura went to the Wind Clan to kill.

The mysterious old man also quietly followed...

At the same time, District 2, southeast.

Over a jungle.

Yueling's clone looked at the Thunder Clan's station.

Xiao Luan'er obediently followed behind him, also looking at the direction of the Lei Clan's station.

But the Lei Clan's station was too far away, and it was still a hundred miles away, so she couldn't see anything.

"Dad, how's the situation?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.