Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

【Your energy index increases by 10 points! 】

【You get 5 free attributes! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling upgraded white light.

The majestic energy circulated throughout his body and was quickly repairing his injuries.

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

At the same time, the elephant king and the two mammoth guards also killed him.

But they were blocked by the panicked elephants, and they couldn't get close to Qin Feng for a long time.

Chapter 53: The Big Win in the Bet (2 more)

At this moment, Qin Feng clearly sensed that the pain of the wound was rapidly fading.

The strength of his whole body is also skyrocketing wildly.

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

Seeing this scene, the elephant king roared in anger.

It just wants to rush over and kill the **** human!

But the stupid subordinates were in a panic, forming layers of obstacles in front of it, preventing it from approaching Qin Feng for a while...

At the same moment, there was panic in the chat channel.

"Fuck~! That Amir's progress is already level 7 (3110/18000)."

"My God! It's only been 3 hours! He has collected 3000 energy points! This~ is too powerful!"

"Hey! Needless to say? That guy is a mysterious ascetic monk, and he has a B-rank and a C-rank - two kinds of talents!"

"Everyone! Amir on the opposite side came out to speak in person. He said that after 15 hours, he would be able to rise to level 8 and win this bet!"

"Fuck~! 15 hours? That's too fast!"

"My God! This is too scary!"

"Everyone, when will Qin Feng be promoted to level 8?"

"I don't know! Boss Qin Feng has been keeping a low profile. We asked him about his upgrade progress, but he didn't reply!"

"Hey! This is going to kill people!"

"Yeah! Little sister is worried too!"

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Are you stupid? Qin Feng doesn't answer, it means that his upgrade progress is not optimistic, and he must be much worse than Amir, so he simply didn't say it, so as not to damage everyone's morale!"

When these words came out, everyone was stunned.

This seems to make sense!

Could it be that Qin Feng's progress is really far behind that of Amir?

At this thought, everyone panicked!

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, I can't blame Qin Feng. He started later than Amir, and he was only level 6 before he started gambling. Besides, our village has only awakened two C-level talents, one is Liu Xuan, the other One is him."

Liu Yuan: "You let him, who only has C-level talent and level 6, surpass that Amir. It's really embarrassing him."

"Woo~! Woo~! Liu Yuan, is this true? I don't want to lose! I don't want to be deducted 20 attributes!"

"Damn it! Even if I have to lose, I don't want to lose to those Assams who like cow dung!"

Liu Yuan: "Hey! I don't want to lose either! But all of this is a fact and it cannot be avoided!"

Wu Yong was annoyed: "Liu Yuan! You keep your mouth beeping all day long, you know that you are bad at us and hurt everyone's morale. Can you shut up TMD?"

00

Liu Yuan: "Wu Yong, can't I tell the truth? Is there still some freedom? Is it so difficult to admit that others are excellent?"

"Fuck! Stop arguing! The other guy on the other side is laughing at us for having an infighting when he sees us arguing!"

"Made! I saw it too! The three of them all burst out laughing! They are already singing and dancing and celebrating!"

"Sing and dance if you don't agree with each other! Very Asan! You're a motherfucker!"

0

"Everyone, go watch the regional channel! Those dog things are laughing at us!"

"Made! Those guys in the Lighthouse Country are the most arrogant!"

"Fuck~! They're calling us sick!"

"These **** bastards!"

"Grass! I'm so **** off!"

"I want to slap them!"

"I can't stand it anymore! I'm going to scold them to death!"Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Everyone was furious, and they wanted to switch to the regional channel and join the scolding battle...

At this moment, a red notification message appeared above the chat channel, which was very eye-catching.

[Announcement: Novice Village No. 911, Qin Feng, a newbie, is the first to rise to level 8, and Novice Village No. 911 wins this resource bet! 】

Boom~!

The whole channel went silent in an instant!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

Chapter 54: Generous Rewards (3 more)

Fuck it~!

Qin Feng's boss has risen to level 8!

too suddenly!

This is too fast!

[Announcement: Congratulations to all members of No. 911 Novice Village, who have received 20 free attribute rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to No. 911 Novice Village, you will get double resource rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Lead the novice village 911 to win the bet and gain 3 reputation! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! In addition, get 50 attribute bonuses! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Plus get a silver chest reward! 】

[Announcement: The novice Qin Feng's reputation has reached more than 20 points, and he has been awarded the title of "Novice General", and has received the blessing of Heaven. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice general, the strength index has increased by 10 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice general, the agility index has increased by 10 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice general, his body mass index has increased by 10 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming a novice general, the energy index has increased by 10 points. 】

Won! Won!

I won so quickly!

Happiness comes so suddenly!

Boom~!

The chat channel was completely blown up, and there was cheers inside...

At the same moment, in the chat channel No. 446, the three of them were singing and dancing in joy.

"Chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop egg big egg..."

"How cold! I play mud in the northeast, although the northeast is not big, I have no home in the big training..."

"How cold! I play mud in the northeast, although the northeast is not big, I have no home in the big training..."

Just as the three of them sang and danced happily, one after another dazzling announcements appeared above the chat channel.

[Announcement: Novice Village No. 911, Qin Feng, a newbie, was the first to rise to level 8, and the resource bet of No. 446 Novice Village failed! 】

[Announcement: All members of the 446 Novice Village will weaken their free attributes by 20 points! 】

[Announcement: No. 446 Novice Village, all resources are halved! 】

For a moment, the chat channel was completely silent.

In the next second, the entire channel was mourning!

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, the two novice villages shook the sky at the same time.

Afterwards, at No. 911 Novice Village, white beams of light descended from the sky and landed on the people of Longguo.

Everyone's attribute points began to rise, and in a blink of an eye, they increased by 20 free attribute points.

All the people of the Dragon Kingdom rejoiced!

At the same time, at No. 446 Novice Village, black beams of light fell from the sky and landed on those Assams.

All Asan's attributes have been cut by 20 points.

The three are crying!

...

At the same time, Li Luo fell onto the grassland.

Qin Feng was surrounded by elephants.

In the air, white beams of light fell on top of his head...

Up 20 free attributes!

Up 50 free attributes!

Strength increased by 10 points!

Agility increased by 10 points!

Physique increased by 10 points!

Increase energy by 10 points!

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, his momentum was soaring wave after wave!

Cool!

It's so cool!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, a silver treasure chest slowly fell along the fourth beam of light.

The treasure chest is here!

Qin Feng quickly caught the treasure chest and happily stuffed it into the storage ring...

Boom~Long~Long!

But at this moment, the earth trembled.

The entire novice area began to shake violently.

Immediately afterwards, the ground cracked and the stream stopped flowing.

A mountain range rises from the ground.