Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Moon Spirit clone then retracted his gaze.

He fondly patted the little guy's head.

"The people of the Lei Clan stayed at the station. There were more than 20,000 people in total, and there were three heavenly powerhouses. One was at the second level of the sky, and two at the first level. There were more than 200 people at the earth level. Worse!"

Xiao Luan's eyes lit up.

Afterwards, she said with a look of admiration: "Dad, you are amazing! This is a hundred miles away! You actually detected the situation of the Thunder Clan clearly!"

Yueling clone smiled without saying a word.

He has the eighth-order skill - Divine Consciousness, and it is naturally very easy to do this.

Don't say 100 miles, even if it is 200 miles away, he can detect it.

"Let's go! The sooner the Thunder Clan is destroyed, the better, this matter can't be delayed!"

"Um!"

Yueling clone urged.

Xiao Luan responded obediently.

Afterwards, the father and daughter rushed towards the Lei Clan's station.

The army of Longyuan below is also close behind...

At the same time, on the west side of Area 2, on a swampy plain.

The Bing Ling clone led a 5,000-strong army, and they were heading towards the Ze clan's camp in a mighty manner.

Now, they are more than 100 miles away from the Ze people's residence.

Both the Ice Spirit clone and the Moon Spirit clone are clear.

They must destroy the Lei Clan and Ze Clan as soon as possible, so that the ontology can unlock the authority of breaking one thousand stars

Counting the time, the Yao clan's revenge should be coming to an end.

Their first stop must be the Wind Clan station.

And the main body is the place where the wind clan is left behind.

If their expectations are not bad, the Yao clan will definitely come with helpers this time.

Therefore, they must increase the strength of the body as soon as possible.

Chapter 408: The Complete Ninth-Order Strange Object

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Yueling's clone and Xiao Luan'er led Long Yuan's army to the vicinity of the Lei Clan's station, only ten miles away...

At this moment, the Thunder Clan is stationed in a conference hall.

Patriarch Leiming frowned, looking a little anxious.

That Lei Ming looked like a middle-aged man.

But in fact, he has lived for about 400 years, and his strength is the second level of heaven.

Behind him, an old man in gray and an old woman in red stood.

These two are the Supreme Elders of the Thunder Clan.

At this time, the expressions of the two were also anxious.

"I didn't expect that! That Qin Feng is so powerful! He won the first place in personal points, and it's scary to think about it!"

Lei Ming sighed and looked up in the direction of Area 1.

The old man nodded: "Yeah! Such a strong man is in the next area, it's like a tiger lying in front of my clan's door, so I can't wait for peace of mind!"

The old woman also smiled bitterly: "Judging from the current situation, Qin Feng has unified the No. 1 area. Next, he will start the No. 2 area. Judging from all the signs, he is likely to have the strength of the early stage of the ninth level. , not something we can deal with."

As soon as these words fell, the three of them couldn't help but show their fear.

Heaven-level ninth-level early stage powerhouse!

They can't even imagine it!

In fact, they still far underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

Today's Qin Feng, even if he doesn't fit in with Xiao Luan'er, still has the strength of the ninth-level peak.

Seeing that the two were uneasy, Lei Ming comforted again.

"You two don't have to worry! The Yaotian family will definitely not let Qin Feng go. It is estimated that the Yaoji patriarch has already gone out in person."

The old man smiled bitterly: "I'm afraid that Qin Feng will kill my clan first before Yaoji's clan leader takes action."

Lei Ming frowned: "It shouldn't be so fast! Even if Qin Feng kills from Area 1 to Area 2, he doesn't know the address of our family, and it's not that easy to find our family."

Lei Ming didn't know that Qin Feng had already obtained the address of the Lei Clan from Yao Tianxun.

Now, the Moon Spirit clone is about to be killed.

At this moment, Lei Ming's expression suddenly moved slightly, and he took out a communication jade talisman.

It turned out that someone sent 723 a message to him.

After reading the message, his eyes flickered, revealing a hint of joy.

"Patriarch, what's wrong?" The old man asked curiously.

Lei Ming smiled and raised his head: "It was the Supreme Elder of the Haoyang Clan who sent a message to the deity. He was asking me if he knew Qin Feng's whereabouts."

The old man's eyes lit up: "Patriarch, what do you say?"

Lei Ming: "I haven't replied yet! However, it can be seen from this incident that all the mysterious forces want to know the whereabouts of Qin Feng. This is a good thing for us!"

The old man also said excitedly: "Yes! If Qin Feng is removed, my clan will be safe. Patriarch, do you want to tell the Haoyang clan about Qin Feng?"

Lei Ming smiled proudly: "Of course we have to! However, let's not be too detailed, just give a rough idea. In this case, they will definitely send experts to our clan to inquire."

The old man said happily: "This means that the experts of the Haoyang clan will come to help our clan guard the station."Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Lei Ming smiled and said: "Now we can't count on the Yaotian clan, we can only count on other strong clans to help us shelter one or two. Besides, the Haoyang clan ranks eighth in the top ten mysteries, much stronger than the Yaotian clan."

The old man smiled and said: "That's right! Patriarch, then you quickly send a message to the Haoyang Clan!"

"As it should be!"

Immediately, Lei Ming picked up the communication symbol and sent a message...

It turned out that the forces in the second area were all vassals of the Yaotian family on the bright side.

Secretly, the Haoyang Clan also infiltrated.

Just like this Lei Clan, they also had contacts with the Haoyang Clan behind their backs.

In just a moment, Lei Ming finished sending the message.

"Patriarch, how is it?"

"The elder of the Haoyang clan was very excited. He said that he would send someone over soon."

Lei Ming happily put away the communication symbol.

It seems that as soon as the Haoyang people arrive, they will be safe.

But as soon as he put away the communication jade talisman, two rapid piercing sounds rang out over the station.

His face suddenly changed slightly.

"Hey! Someone!"

"Go out and see!"

As soon as the voice fell, Lei Ming flashed his figure and took the lead in rushing out of the house.

The old man and the old man followed closely.

In the blink of an eye, the three rushed out of the house.

At this moment, all the Thunder Clan disciples in the station were startled by the sound of breaking the air, and they all looked up...

I saw a handsome and imposing young man with a cute little girl like a porcelain doll, appearing above their station.

The people here are Yueling's clone and Xiao Luan'er!

Seeing this, Lei Ming frowned.

Now it is a period of rest, and all ethnic groups are resting.

Only by challenging the forces will they scramble around.

Are these two guys a challenger?

But these two seem harmless!

Lei Ming just had this idea when Yueling's clone looked at him.

Before he could think about it, Yueling's clone slapped it with a palm.

boom!

The momentum of that palm instantly enveloped the area, and also enveloped Lei Ming, the old man, and the old man.

"court death

Thunder and the three were furious!

boom! boom! boom!

The next second, the three of them attacked the Moon Spirit clone at the same time.

"kill him!"

The Thunder Clan disciples also roared!

This young man who suddenly appeared is simply courting death.

They would not be accustomed to daring to attack their patriarch and elders as soon as they came up.

boom! boom! boom!

At that moment, more than 200 prefecture-level powerhouses took action one after another.

Hundreds of powerful attack rays lit up in the air, illuminating the entire station above.

Now is the rest period, none of the Thunder Clan goes out, they all stay at the base camp and are on guard, and there is no possibility of being attacked at all.

The intrusion of Yueling's clone is equivalent to falling into the enemy's nest, and was besieged immediately!

In the blink of an eye, those hundreds of terrifying attacks met the palm of the Moon Spirit clone.

That was the attack of three heaven-level powerhouses!

In addition, more than 200 strong strikes from the ground-level powerhouses!

Hundreds of attacks were instantly linked together, and the momentum was earth-shattering, comparable to the full-strength strike of a four-level powerhouse.

Below, more than 20,000 Thunder Clan disciples watched this scene coldly, gloating in the depths of their eyes.

In their opinion, the Moon Spirit clone will soon be bombarded into scum!

what! This is…

But in the next second, the palm of Yueling's clone fell, and the weather suddenly spread out, suddenly reaching the initial stage of the ninth level of heaven!

The power is terrifying!

boom! boom! boom!

In just a split second, that palm collapsed hundreds of attacks, and it was castrated and slapped wildly!

Boom!

A loud bang!

The earth is cracked!

The boulders fly!