Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the secret room.

After Qin Feng fused the seal of the beast god, he plans to refine the high-grade unicorn blood essence

Calculate the time, there are fifteen hours left, and the entrance to the Holy Land is about to open.

He has to speed up his strength!

With his current strength, he can't compete with those demigod realm powerhouses.

And this trip to the Holy Land will inevitably meet many demigod powerhouses

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to take out the Qilin blood.

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he raised his head in surprise and looked in the direction of Lei Clan.

Then, he waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him.

call out! call out! call out!

The three groups of blood essence appeared out of thin air, and it was the blood essence of the scorpion.

With the continuous improvement of his strength, his space summoning ability has also become stronger.

Now, not only can he summon the four avatars at any time, but even the items in the avatar's hands can be summoned later.

Qin Feng was overjoyed when he saw the blood in front of him.

Afterwards, he put away two **** of blood essence and left one for refining.

"By the way, now that the Lei Clan and Ze Clan have been destroyed, they should have gained a lot of attributes. In addition to the 150,000 attributes I exchanged before, I don't know how much I have accumulated?"

Before, Qin Feng exchanged points for 150,000 attribute points, but he still didn't have time to add points.

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and opened the panel to check the latest data.

[Level]: Level 35 97.11%

[Reputation]: 1656 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 52,770 stars

[Free attribute]: 206,000 points

[Personal points]: 43,600 points

[Longyuan Points]: 57,100 points

good! good!

This time, the two clans were destroyed, and the benefits were quite large.

Now, he is not far from level 36, and his points have reached 43,600.

Having said that, Tiandao does favor challengers.

If the challenger kills an Earth-level powerhouse, he can get 100 points.

The Guardian and the Hidden One can get a maximum of 30 points for killing an Earth-level powerhouse.

In this comparison, it is much easier for the challenger to earn points.

Just like this time, Qin Feng easily earned 43,600 points without taking action himself.

Of course, that's why.

The leaders of the mysterious forces, knowing that Qin Feng won the first place personally, still look down on Qin Feng in their hearts, and even have some contempt and disdain.

In their opinion, if it wasn't for Tiandao's favoritism, Qin Feng wouldn't even have the qualifications to compete with them, let alone winning the first place.

Of course, it is precisely because of this injustice that the strong people are jealous and unwilling, and thus lose the ability to judge correctly, and underestimate Qin Feng one by one.

In fact, this is very deadly!

At this time, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the free attribute point, and he smiled again.

206,820 attribute points!

This is the 150,000 points exchanged for points, plus the gains from killing the Lei Clan and Ze Clan, it is very rich.

He should add some more!

Thinking of this, he cheered up

After a while, the 203,000 attributes were added, and his basic combat power soared to 82,000 stars in one fell swoop.

If you add the power of building the foundation of the god-defying level, it will be 92,000 stars.

This has reached the threshold of the peak of the sky.

The combat power category of the peak of the sky is generally 90,000 to 120,000 stars.

The threshold for a demigod is 200,000 stars.

According to common sense, the strongest combat power in the heaven-level realm will not exceed 120,000 stars, which is the ultimate combat power in the peak of the heaven-level realm.

If you want to become stronger, you can only break through to the demigod realm.

Therefore, there is a huge gap between the heavenly powerhouse and the demigod powerhouse.

Even the weakest demigods can easily crush the strongest in the sky.

Of course, this rule may be broken by Qin Feng.

After this addition, Qin Feng closed the panel with satisfaction.

Then, he opened his mouth and took a breath, swallowing the blood in front of him.

In the next second, he closed his eyes and meditated, and began to refine the blood essence of the scorpion...

In just a moment, his whole body was shrouded in red mist, surrounded by lightning, and the momentum of his whole body began to skyrocket...

At the same time, the first division, the northern region.

In a mysterious valley, there is a towering ancient tree with a height of hundreds of millions of feet, exuding a breath beyond the eighth order.

It was actually a ninth-order heaven and earth spirit tree!

This valley is called Tanggu.

It is the residence of the top ten mysterious forces, the Haoyang Clan.

At this moment, in the depths of the station, in a hall.

The patriarch Hao Ri has a majestic figure with an old face and short beard.

At this moment, he was wearing a golden robe with his hands behind his back, and he looked proud.

Behind him, a thin old man with a hook nose was reporting the latest information to him excitedly.

After Hao Ri heard this, a happy expression gradually appeared on his face.

Afterwards, he raised his head slightly and looked towards Area 2 with a smile on his face.

"Elder Kun, did Lei Ming really say that?"

It turned out that the old man was called Hao Kun, a powerhouse at the early stage of the ninth level, the Supreme Elder of the Haoyang Clan.

At this moment, Hao Kun smiled and said: "Patriarch, Lei Ming said so. According to what he meant, he only knew the approximate location of Qin Feng. As for the specific situation, he couldn't tell for a while, and the old man needed to go to Lei Clan in person. ."

Hao Ri stroked his beard and smiled: "To have news about Qin Feng, that is the biggest happy event. So, this deity will go to Thunder Clan with you."

Hao Kun was overjoyed: "It would be best if the patriarch accompanied him. Having said that, Qin Feng is not weak! If the old man meets him alone, he may not be able to deal with him."

Hao Ri didn't care: "Don't look at Qin Feng's personal first, that's Tiandao's favor. If the competition conditions are the same as ours, he will get 70% less points."

"In that case, he won't say he won the first place personally. I'm afraid it will be difficult to enter the top ten personally. If the deity can see that he can have the strength of the early stage of the ninth level, that would be good."

Hao Kun nodded again and again: "That's right! If he only has that kind of strength, then he will die if he meets you, the patriarch! Patriarch, you are a top-level powerhouse, and with the help of the heaven-suppressing gods, you can kill them in seconds. It's the middle stage of the Nine Layers."

Haoyang laughed loudly: "Haha! I won't say much about this, you and I hurry to the second area! That kid has two pass orders. Kill him, you and I will be one piece!"

Hao Kun was overjoyed: "Thank you, Patriarch!"

That tone, as if they had already obtained a pass.

"Haha! Let's go!"

Immediately, the two left the temple and rushed to the direction of the Thunder Clan's station.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, inside the secret room.

Qin Feng is still trying his best to refine the blood essence of the tau tau.

Three hours later, he had refined the first batch of scorpion blood essence, and his basic combat power had risen to 83,000 stars.

Six hours later, he refined the second regiment, and the combat power soared to 84,000 stars.

Nine hours later, he refined the third regiment, and the combat power soared to 85,000 stars again.

The continuous surge in strength made Qin Feng in a good mood.

At this moment, he looked at the mass of blood essence in front of him.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

[Kirin blood essence (top grade): a quasi-ninth-order item. 】

This is the blood essence of the quasi-ninth order, and the energy contained in it is extremely majestic

"The last ball of blood essence! After refining this ball of blood essence, my strength will definitely be greatly improved!"

Qin Feng looked at the blood and his eyes were hot.

call out!

In the next second, he opened his mouth and took a breath, swallowing the ball of blood essence.

Boom!

That blood essence entered his throat and immediately turned into majestic energy, rushing towards his whole body

Suddenly, Qin Feng's body continued to roar, and the skin of the whole body began to turn red, and the momentum soared all the way.

[Successful refining a trace of high-grade unicorn blood essence! Strength +430, Agility +420, Constitution +430, Energy +421! 】

[Successful refining a trace of high-grade unicorn blood essence! Strength +432, Agility +422, Constitution +424, Energy +427! 】

[Successful refining a trace of high-grade unicorn blood essence! Strength +431, Agility +421, Constitution +429, Energy +421! 】

In this way, Qin Feng retreated again, refining the Qilin blood with all his strength

In a blink of an eye, eight hours passed in the zero-degree space.

Qin Feng refined 70% of the Qilin blood essence...

In the zero-degree space, more than ten hours have passed.

Less than two hours have passed since the outside world.

This is the power of Qiyue Time Force Field!

However, it was said that the location of the Wind Clan, five hundred miles to the north, was the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

At this moment, two figures appeared on the sea.

Xue Shura and Yao Ji finally arrived at Area 2

Chapter 410 Strong enemies confront each other and want to capture them alive!

At this moment, on the sea.

"Brother Shura, we're in the second area!"

Yaoji looked at the coastline ahead with a look of joy.

Blood Shura sighed: "If Qin Feng hadn't cut off the teleportation formation between the Wind Clan and you, we would have arrived long ago."

Yaoji smiled coldly: "This also shows that Qin Feng is at the Feng Clan station. Brother Shura, let's go! There are only 500 miles left from this place to the Feng Clan station."

"Let's go!"

At the moment, the two figures flashed and flew towards the Wind Clan's station.

In just a moment, the two escaped to dozens of miles away.

Five hundred miles away, for them, it was only ten minutes away.