Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength]: The pinnacle of the ninth level of heaven

[Origin]: Patriarch of the mysterious force Blood Moon.

what!

This is actually the patriarch of the Blood Moon Clan!

The strength is even the pinnacle of the ninth level!

If this is to use the divine artifact, it will be a proper peak combat power of the sky!

Mirage clone slightly moved

The Yaotian Clan and the Blood Moon Clan have joined forces, which is not a good thing.

However, the Blood Moon Patriarch seemed to hide his aura, disguised as the middle stage of the Ninth Layer, but was detected by the Eye of Divine Peeping.

It seems that the two are suspicious of each other and their cooperation is not so reliable

"Oh! It's a challenger!"

"It's only the realm of the earth!"

At this moment, the voices of Yao Ji and the others came from the front.

The tone was a little indifferent and a little disdainful.

Obviously, they have detected the details of the Mirage clone.

At the moment, the phantom avatar also stopped, and the two sides were separated by thousands of meters.

He silently watched Yaoji and the two of them, without doing anything.

His purpose is to delay time, and naturally he will not take the initiative to attack.

Blood Shura took care of the mirage for a while with a suspicious look on his face, then looked back at Yao Ji.

"Brother Yaoji, isn't this challenger a little stupid? Didn't he see that you and I are both secretives of the heaven-level realm? He didn't escape!"Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Yao Ji smiled slightly: "This deity thinks that he is not stupid! He should think that it is currently a rest period, and you and I dare not kill him. After all, if you kill one person, you will be deducted 1,000 2.7 points."

Blood Shura sneered: "It's only a thousand points, the deity can afford it! Let the deity kill the whole kid who gets in the way!"

As soon as the voice fell, Blood Shura was about to start.

Yao Ji hurriedly stopped: "Wait!"

"Why?" Blood Shura was puzzled.

Yao Ji smiled slightly: "Brother Shura, what do you think! Could the challenger who appeared near the Wind Clan station be someone from Longyuan Town?"

Blood Shura's eyes lit up: "Yes!"

Yaoji smiled again and said, "This kid is Long Yuan's son! I wait for the one alive, and then ask Qin Feng's whereabouts, isn't it more valuable than killing him?"

Blood Shura said: "Brother Yaoji is still thoughtful!"

On the other side, the phantom avatar looked at the two of them. You kept talking about the whereabouts of the main body. You didn't take him seriously at all, and it felt a little funny.

These two guys are really self-righteous!

Even if he is only a clone now, he is extremely powerful, and the ordinary nine-layer early stage is not necessarily his opponent.

At this time, the figures of Yao Ji and Yao Ji came from the front.

"Brother Yaoji, then you and I will shoot together to capture this kid!"

Yao Ji laughed: "Haha! Brother Shura, he's just an earth-level boy, do you still need me to join forces? It's enough for the deity to capture him alone!"

Xue Xiuluo smiled: "Yes! Brother Yaoji, then please take action!"

"Haha! It's just a matter of hand, why trouble."

As soon as the voice fell, Yaoji's figure flashed, and he rushed towards the phantom avatar.

Chapter 411: Heaven-suppressing artifact! Open Heaven!

Swish!

In the blink of an eye, Yao Ji was above the head of the phantom avatar.

boom!

The next second, he grabbed the Mirage clone with one hand.

The white and slender hand instantly turned into a big hand that covered the sky and covered the ground, and shrouded the phantom avatar.

"Boy, be obedient and grab it!"

Yao Ji seemed to have settled for a mirage clone, with a relaxed smile on his face, and that grasping was extremely casual.

Even so, the aura of that grasp suddenly reached the middle stage of the ninth layer, which was extremely terrifying.

In the blink of an eye, the catch was near.

It was at this moment that the Mirage clone shot.

Swish!

Knife light flashed!

Jing Long Blade met that catch!

"court death!"

Yao Ji sneered, his eyes full of disdain.

How dare a small earth-level powerhouse dare to resist in front of him!

Boom!

At that moment, he intensified his strength, and wherever the palm wind passed, the void shattered inch by inch, and the momentum rose steadily.

How dare this ignorant boy resist!

Then don't blame him for being ruthless!

Yao Ji's eyes showed fierceness and endless ridicule.

Not far away, Xue Shura wrapped his arms around his chest and looked at the Mirage clone with a look of schadenfreude.

In his opinion, the resistance of the phantom clone is a joke.

Ow!

At this moment, a dragon roar resounded throughout the world!

The Jinglong Blade lit up with dazzling golden light!

Immediately afterwards, a thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

The law of power! The Golden Rule! The law of killing! The Law of Destruction! The law of the sun...

The power of one after another law is superimposed on the attack!

At the same time, the phantom avatar also burst into a monstrous aura, suddenly reaching the initial stage of the ninth layer...

And under the blessing of many S-level laws, his attack with the knife surpassed the full-strength attack in the early stage of the Nine Layers...

"Huh! This is?!"

Yao was greatly shocked and suddenly felt that something was wrong.

But without waiting for him to think about it, the attacks of the two sides collided together!

Boom!

An earth-shattering bang!

The world is shaking!

Thousands of feet of void, shattered inch by inch!

The Tongtian big hand that Yaoji had transformed into was shattered on the spot by the knife.

Afterwards, the two groaned at the same time, and each retreated a thousand feet.

In this round, the two sides fought evenly!

Yao Ji was dumbfounded!

The blood Shura on the side was also stunned, his mouth wide open.

At this moment, both of them looked at the Mirage clone in disbelief!

A challenger of the prefecture-level realm, actually exerted the combat power of the middle stage of the ninth layer!

how can that be!

Could it be that he is Qin Feng? !

Thinking of this possibility, the two of them were shocked and couldn't help but look at each other.

At this moment, they both saw the astonishment in each other's eyes.

Afterwards, Yao Ji turned to look at the phantom avatar again, his expression became solemn, and he no longer had any contempt.

Obviously, he has regarded the Mirage clone as a qualified opponent.

"Are you Qin Feng?"

Yao Ji looked at the Mirage clone with a serious face.

The corners of the mirage's avatar's mouth were slightly upturned, revealing a smile that was not a smile.

He was too lazy to answer!

Don't even bother to answer!

Yao Ji frowned, feeling very annoyed in his heart.

What an arrogant boy!

Even if he has the strength of the mid-9th layer, he is not his opponent.

He hasn't shown his true strength yet!

"Brother Yaoji, don't ask! If he can block your blow, there will be no other challenger besides Qin Feng. So, he is Qin Feng!"

Blood Shura's tone was extremely certain, with a hint of excitement and excitement.

They are so lucky!

As soon as I arrived in the second area, I encountered the target I was looking for.

It seems that God is helping them!

On the other hand, the Mirage clone felt amused.

This blood Asura is also a self-righteous guy.

He is just one of the four avatars of the main body.

This guy thought he was the body.

Really underestimated the strength of the body!

"Brother Shura, you are right! This guy is Qin Feng! It seems that you and I are going to shoot together."

Yao Ji also looked at the Mirage clone excitedly.

At this moment, he also concluded that the Mirage clone was Qin Feng.

Blood Shura laughed: "Haha! This deity has exactly this intention!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two rushed towards the phantom avatar at the same time.

boom! boom!

Suddenly, the vitality shook, and the heaven and the earth roared.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them were killed together.

The monstrous weather of the two people, connected into one piece, one after another, rolled towards the phantom avatar, which was amazing!