Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Swish!

But at this moment, the phantom avatar made a flicker and fled in the distance, which was the direction away from the Wind Clan's station.

He didn't fight the two of them!

His purpose is to delay time, to gain more time to refine blood essence for the main body, and to fight with Yao Ji and the others is meaningless.

What's more, he is not the enemy of Yaoji's alliance.

In fact, as long as Yaoji sacrificed the divine artifact, he would not be an opponent.

call out!

In just an instant, the phantom avatar escaped several miles away.

"Want to escape!"

"Can you escape?!"

Yao Ji and the two were shocked and angry.

Swish! Swish!

Immediately afterwards, the two of them chased and killed the Mirage clone.

This kid is Qin Feng!

There are two Holy Land Passes on him, how could they let this kid go!

All of a sudden, both sides, you chase me and escape!

The speed of the phantom avatar, under the blessing of the law of wind and the law of speed, is completely comparable to the level of the middle stage of the Nine Layers.

Yao Ji and the two couldn't catch up for a while.

Because their speed is also the level of the mid-ninth layer.

The speed of both sides is comparable!

"damn it!"

Seeing this scene, Yao Ji was very anxious.

Counting the time, there are still thirteen hours before the entrance to the Holy Land will appear.

They must grab the pass before the entrance to the Holy Land opens, and they must not let this kid waste time.

Having said that, this kid is too cunning!

When you see the situation is not good, turn around and run away!

pity!

It's all too late!

Thinking of this, Yao Ji hurriedly pinched a seal.

hum!

In the next second, his whole body was full of golden light!

Immediately afterwards, a mass of mysterious things flew out of his body and suspended above his head.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Boom!

As soon as the mysterious thing appeared, it bloomed with endless golden light, illuminating the whole world!

Suddenly, the world changes color!

Within 10,000 miles, the power of countless Dao Laws rushed towards that mysterious thing frantically, causing a monstrous movement.

The phantom avatar was alarmed, and he couldn't help but look back, and saw the mysterious thing...

He hurriedly opened the eye of the peep, and probed away...

【Item】：Suppressing Heavenly Artifact

【Grade】: Unknown

[Origin]: One of the ten fragments of the Suppressing Heaven Artifact

[Characteristics]: Blessed by the Tao of Heaven, only the secretives of the Yaotian family can refine this 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact'.

[Refining Prerequisites]: Master the talent of the S-level Open Heaven Law!

[Reminder]: The challenger has the right to refine all the "Suppressing Heavenly Artifacts".

[Reminder]: Collect the top ten sacred artifacts to reproduce the "Suppressing Artifacts".

Seeing this, the Mirage clone suddenly realized.

The so-called 'Suppressing Heaven Artifact' is one of the fragments of the Heavenly Suppressing Artifact.

There are ten such fragments, each of which is mastered by the top ten mysterious forces.

With the blessing of Heavenly Dao, each mysterious force can only hold one kind of fragment, and they cannot **** each other, and even if they do, they cannot be refined.

But this rule is not limited to challengers!

The challenger has the authority to refine all Zhentianshen 303 objects.

That is to say, if a challenger collects ten pieces of the divine artifact, they will be able to reproduce the divine artifact.

However, the Heaven-Suppressing God Artifact is not so easy to refine.

Just like this sacred object, the premise of refining is that it is necessary to master the S-level talent - the law of opening the sky.

In other words, Yaoji has mastered the S-level talent - the law of opening the sky!

Boom!

It was at this moment that the heaven-suppressing divine object emitted a monstrous golden light and projected it on Yao Ji.

Suddenly, the breath of one person and one thing blended together!

In the next second, Yaoji's momentum continued to soar.

That god-suppressing creature is also slowly wriggling and deforming.

After a while, Yaoji's momentum skyrocketed to 90,000 stars, reaching the limit of the peak of the ninth level.

The divine artifact also slowly elongated, turning into a broad-faced giant sword with a golden hilt and a white blade, with a golden light shining through the sky, reaching a length of about ten feet.

The Mirage clone hurriedly spied away...

[Opening Heaven Sword: The ninth order, which is transformed from the divine object. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level law of opening the sky before you can control this sword. 】

Seeing this, the face of the Mirage clone changed slightly.

It was a ninth-order weapon!

The **** of heaven is so powerful!

It was at this moment that Yao Ji grabbed the hilt of the sword, his confidence greatly increased.

At this moment, he has activated the divine artifact, reaching the state of unity between human and machine, and his strength has soared to the peak of the ninth level in one fell swoop.

In fact, he is much stronger than the average ninth-level peak!

With the Heaven-suppressing divine artifact, he has an extra ninth-order weapon, and under the protection of the Heaven-suppressing divine artifact, he is almost immortal.

Unless someone can destroy the 'Suppressing God'.

But if you want to destroy the 'Suppressing God', not to mention the demigod realm, even the more powerful False God realm can't do it.

So, that kid is dead!

Thinking of this, Yao Ji raised his head and looked at the phantom avatar.

Chapter 412 Super Defense! Shock the audience!

As soon as Yaoji saw it, the Mirage clone wanted to speed up and escape.

As long as he delays, the better it is for the body.

boom!

But at this moment, Xue Shura's whole body burst into red light, bright red like blood.

Swish!

In the next second, his speed skyrocketed several times, and he suddenly reached the pinnacle level of the ninth layer.

What he used was the eighth-order skill—Blood Escape Technique!

It turned out that the blood Shura mastered the S-level talent - the law of blood.

To master the eighth-order 'Blood Escape Technique', you must first master the laws of blood...

call out!

In just a split second, Blood Shura rushed behind the phantom avatar.

He was chasing after him!

boom!

The next second, Blood Shura punched the Mirage clone with a punch.

That punch came, the sky and the earth cracked, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth.

Why!

The Mirage clone looked helpless.

The opponent's speed is faster than himself, and it is impossible for him to delay the time by means of speed.

That being the case, he had to face it head-on!

Swish!

At the moment, the Mirage clone turned around and met the punch with a knife!

In the blink of an eye, the fists and knives collided!

boom!

Another loud bang!

Thousands of miles of air waves rolling!

The world is shaking!

The phantom avatar and the blood Shura groaned at the same time, and they each retreated a thousand feet.

Another match!

But before the phantom avatar could stabilize his body, the light in front of him dimmed, and Yao Ji killed him again.

"Little thief! Die!"

Swish!

Yao Ji slashed with one sword!

At that moment, the monstrous sword energy shot up into the sky!

Wherever the sword light passes, everything can be cut!

All space, all time, and all laws are shattered inch by inch, and the edge is unstoppable!

In the blink of an eye, the sword came close.

Under the blessing of the ninth-order weapon and the law of opening the sky!

The power of that sword has surpassed the category of the ninth level of heaven, and it is infinitely close to the peak of heaven, and it is extremely terrifying!

The Mirage clone was terrified, and quickly raised the knife to rung!

when!

A sound of gold and iron!

Sound waves shake the wild!