Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Heaven and Earth are shaking!

That sword shocked the Dragon Blade, and the castration remained unabated, and it still slashed towards the Mirage clone...

This powerful and domineering sword, the phantom avatar can't avoid it, and if it is too late to defend, he will definitely be cut in half!

At this moment, Yao Ji's face was hideous, and his eyes were full of joy.

He seemed to see that the phantom avatar was cut in half by himself, and then took away its Holy Land Pass...

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

The phantom avatar knew that it could not be avoided, and immediately thought.

hum!

At that moment, his whole body glowed with golden light.

Eighth-Order Skills - Tongtian Hegemony!

activation!

hum!

At the same time, there was also a black aura that enveloped his body, exuding strange law fluctuations...

That is the S-level talent - the law of extreme yin!

The Law of Extreme Yang - Main Attack Amplitude!

Extreme Yin Law - the main damage absorption!

The law of extreme yin cooperates with the Tongtian hegemony body, the defense power is doubled, and the power is infinitely close to the limit of the eighth-order skill.

Above the eighth-order skill is the ninth-order skill!

To master the ninth-level skills, you often need to master an SS-level talent first.

Swish!

The sword light falls!

That sword slashed at the Mirage clone fiercely!

boom!

A muffled sound!

The Mirage clone was slashed tens of thousands of meters away by the sword, and a huge **** mouth was cut open in the chest...

But in the next second, he stabilized his figure, his whole body flashed with blue light, and the law of wood automatically operated.

In just a few seconds, the wound on his chest healed instantly, leaving no scars, and everything was as good as before.

There was no merit in that sword!

Yao Ji was completely dumbfounded!

how can that be?

Just the sword just now, not to mention the middle stage of the ninth level, even the ordinary peak of the ninth level is difficult to resist.

This guy actually blocked it!

The law of talent!

correct! It is the law of S-rank talent!

He sensed it before, this kid has mastered the S-rank bloodline talent, so he has the eighth-rank Tongtian hegemony.

At the same time, this kid has also mastered the S-level extreme yin law!

If you count the previous attacks of this kid, then you have more S-level laws.

"Damn it! How can an Earth-level powerhouse master so many S-level talents?"

Yao Ji murmured in his heart, and frowned slightly.

This kid's defense is so strong, and with the cooperation of the wood law, it is not easy to kill!

On the other side, Blood Shura was also stunned.

He originally thought that Yao Ji would be able to solve the phantom avatar with a single sword, but he didn't expect that he would have no power.

This Qin Feng is really strong!

No wonder he was able to win the first place in person.

Thinking of this, he took a deep breath and his expression became serious.

He didn't know that what was in front of him was not Qin Feng himself, but only one of Qin Feng's avatars.

At this moment, Yaoji looked back.

"Brother Shura, this time, you have to do your best!"

Obviously, Yao Ji is not sure that he can destroy the phantom avatar alone.

Most importantly, time is running out!

Holy land opportunity waits for no one!

"Brother Yaoji, this kid does have some strength! In this case, the deity will not let go!"

As soon as the words fell, Blood Shura started a seal.

hum!

In the next second, his whole body was full of golden light!

A lump of mysterious things flew out of his body and suspended above his head.

Boom!

As soon as that mysterious thing appeared, it bloomed with endless golden light, illuminating the whole world!

Suddenly, the world changes color!

The power of the law of heaven and earth, madly flocking to that mysterious thing...

This movement is generally the same as Yaoji's previous operations.

The phantom avatar hurriedly probed towards the mysterious thing...

【Item】：Suppressing Heavenly Artifact

【Grade】: Unknown

[Origin]: One of the ten fragments of the Suppressing Heaven Artifact

[Characteristics]: With the blessing of heaven, only the blood moon clan's secret people can refine this 'heaven-suppressing artifact'.

[Refining Prerequisites]: Master the S-level blood law talent!

[Reminder]: The challenger has the right to refine all the "Suppressing Heavenly Artifacts".

[Reminder]: Collect the top ten sacred artifacts to reproduce the "Suppressing Artifacts".

Sure enough!

The corners of the phantom avatar's mouth twitched slightly.

The essence of the ten mysterious forces is to jointly protect a heaven-suppressing artifact.

Destroy these ten mysterious forces, and you can expect to get a heaven-suppressing artifact.

Having said that, even if you only get a divine artifact, if you also get a ninth-order weapon, it will be a great harvest.

Boom!

At this moment, the blood Asura had merged with the breath of the divine object, and its aura had skyrocketed to 90,000 stars, reaching the limit of the ninth-level peak.

Of course, this was his deliberately hiding his strength.

Until the last moment, he will not show his true strength in front of Yao Ji.

This 90,000-star combat power is enough for him to deal with the situation in front of him.

At this moment, the divine object above his head slowly elongated and turned into a machete with a black handle and a blood-blade, resembling a crescent moon.

The Mirage clone hurriedly spied away...

[Blood Moon Scimitar: The ninth order, which is transformed from the **** of the sky. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level blood law before you can control this knife. 】

Another ninth-order weapon!

The Mirage clone looked hot.

If this time, the main body can grab two heaven-suppressing artifacts, it is equivalent to getting two ninth-order weapons.

It was at this moment that Xue Shura grabbed the handle of the knife, and a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.

With this sword in hand, he can look at the world and never die in reincarnation.

Next, it's time for Qin Feng to fall.

Blood Shura raised his head slightly and looked at the phantom avatar

Seeing this scene, Yao Ji also showed joy.

This time, he was fortunate to have found Blood Shura for help!

If he was alone, he might not be able to get the pass before the Holy Land opened.

That Qin Feng's strength far exceeded his expectations.

Thinking of this, he turned to look at the Mirage clone again.

At this moment, the Mirage clone met the eyes of the two with a calm expression.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

From start to finish, he didn't run away.

Both of them were faster than him, so there was no point in running away.

What's more, his goal is to delay time, not to separate life and death...

Thinking of this, he took another look at the Wind Clan station.

He sensed that the body's refining of the high-grade unicorn blood essence has reached 97%, and it will be completed soon.

"Go ahead!"

At this moment, Yao Ji's voice came from the front.

Swish! Swish!

In the next second, Yao Ji and Xue Shura attacked the Mirage clone at the same time.

Chapter 413: SS-level bloodline talent

In the next second, Yao Ji and Xue Shura attacked the Mirage clone at the same time...

In the blink of an eye, the two of them came close...

Mirage clones stand up and fight!

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides fought together.

For a time, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon did not shine.

In just a moment, the Mirage clone was at a disadvantage!

His comprehensive strength is infinitely close to the peak of the ninth level of heaven.

Even if it is one-on-one, he can only have the ability to protect himself in front of Yaoji, and there is absolutely no chance to defeat Yaoji.

Right now, Yao Ji and Xue Shura are teaming up, and he is naturally not an opponent.

But these are not important, his only purpose is to delay time!

As long as time delays, he wins!

boom! boom! boom!