Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The two sides killed more and more fiercely!

The phantom avatar gradually became a little weaker.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides fought for a quarter of an hour, fighting for a thousand face-to-face...

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field.

boom! boom!

Two loud bangs!

The attacks of Yao Ji and Xue Shura bombarded the Mirage clone at the same time.

Bang!

A loud bang!

The body of the phantom avatar burst open and turned into a blood fog.

He was finally killed by Yao Ji and the others!

At the moment, a storage ring, a mirage spirit bead, and a sword were left in the air.

"Ha ha!"

"Finally killed!"

Yaoji and the two were ecstatic!

correct! Pass!

Immediately, the two thought of the pass and rushed to the storage ring in the blood mist at the same time.

In their opinion, Qin Feng's passing order must be in that storage ring...

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the secret room.

Mu Ling's clone looked at the pill furnace in front of him with a smile on his face.

Just now, he finished refining the last intermediate-level soul essence pill.

So far, he has 207 primary soul essence pills and 56 intermediate spirit essence pills in his hands.

In addition, his alchemy skills have also been successfully promoted to the top level, and he has the ability to refine high-level soul essence pills.

pity!

In the certified alchemist interface, no one has released the advanced soul essence pill task.

In short, his task has been completed.

The next step is to refine the medicinal pills on the body to increase the strength of the soul power.

Thinking of this, Mu Ling's clone satisfactorily put away the pill stove and pills.

At this moment, he seemed to sense something, suddenly raised his head, and looked towards the fighting direction of the Mirage clone.

Afterwards, he waved his hand in a hurry, the space summoned, and instantly activated...

The next second, a white light flashed ahead, and a large 680-degree blood mist appeared out of thin air.

In the blood fog, there is also a phantom mirage bead, a storage ring, and a sword.

It turned out that the wood spirit avatar instantly summoned all the relics of the phantom avatar...

Boom!

At this moment, on the other side, Qin Feng finally made a move.

I saw that his body was roaring constantly, and his momentum was soaring all the way up...

Behind him, a cyan glow suddenly lit up, one after another.

In that glow, the phantom of a huge unicorn appeared, reaching a height of 10,000 feet, wrapped in thunder and lightning, exuding endless heavenly might.

At this moment, Qilin phantom eyes opened and closed.

In the eyes of the gods, there is a proud look, overlooking the world, to look at the world.

Gradually, the unicorn shadow behind Qin Feng slowly disappeared...

He also slowly opened his eyes.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Kirin blood essence (top grade) refining is complete! Your bloodline talent has been promoted to the pinnacle of S rank. 】

[Kirin blood essence (top grade) refining is complete! Your basic combat power is increased to 90,000 stars. 】

[Bloodline talent has been promoted to the S-level peak, your bloodline inheritance skill 'Tongtian Batai' has been greatly strengthened, the power has doubled, and it has been promoted to the eighth-level peak-level skill. 】

[Reminder: It has been detected that your bloodline talent already contains the power of the eight blood lines of gold, wood, water, earth, wind, thunder, light, and darkness, but the power of the blood line of fire is lacking. 】

[Reminder: Refine a mass of fire-type divine beast blood essence, gather the power of the nine-type bloodline, and your bloodline talent can be promoted to SS level. 】

call!

The refining is finally complete!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, his face full of ecstasy. .

Top-grade Qiyue blood essence!

It's so powerful!

It actually made his bloodline talent reach the peak of S rank in one fell swoop, and he was just a line away from SS rank.

By the way, according to Tiandao's suggestion, as long as he refines another ball of fire-type divine beast blood, he can break through to the SS-level bloodline talent.

Speaking of which, he had also obtained a ball of fire-type divine beast blood, which was Suzaku blood, and later refined it for Xiao Luan'er.

However, Qin Feng did not feel sorry.

The stronger Xiao Luan'er is, the greater the benefit to him.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Having said that, he already knows how to upgrade to SS-level bloodline talent, and the future is more targeted, so he doesn't need to take detours.

Of course, these are all later stories.

Next, it's time for him to deal with Yaoji and Xue Shura...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the blood mist in front of him.

Then, when he waved his hand, the blood mist continued to roll over and condensed into a human shape.

In just an instant, the phantom clone came back to life.

As soon as he saw the Mirage clone, Qin Feng smiled.

As long as his body is immortal, his clone can be resurrected infinitely.

Having said that, the Mirage clone bought him enough time, and the task was successfully completed.

After this resurrection, the strength of the Mirage clone has also become stronger.

Because Qin Feng's bloodline talent has broken through to the peak of S-level, the basic combat power has reached 90,000 stars, plus the power of anti-god-level foundation building, that is 100,000 stars.

The combat power of the Mirage clone has soared to 70,000 stars, and its comprehensive combat power has reached the peak of the ninth level, and it is no longer infinitely close to the peak of the ninth level.

What's even better is that the power of the Tongtian Tyrant has also doubled.

If you let the Mirage clone single against Yao Ji, it will no longer only have self-protection ability, but also have some counterattack power.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked in the direction of the previous battle...

In just a moment, he saw the situation on the field clearly.

With his divine consciousness released, all the sights within three hundred miles could be seen in his eyes.

At this moment, on the battlefield, Yao Ji and Xue Shura were stunned.

Just now, when they rushed towards the blood mist together and wanted to **** the storage ring, the space suddenly distorted, and all the blood mist, storage ring, spirit beads, and war knives were all gone.

The field became empty!

The two couldn't help but froze on the spot!

"Wacky! Weird! Isn't that kid dead? How did everything about him disappear out of thin air?"

Yaoji looked puzzled.

Blood Shura frowned.

You know, he masters the S-level blood dao talent.

With this innate sense, within a radius of ten miles, it is difficult for any living body to escape his detection.

Because as long as it is a living body, there will be blood, and he can sense it.

But at this moment, he could not sense Qin Feng's blood.

In other words, Qin Feng is not within ten miles!

how can that be? !

"Brother Shura, could it be that Qin Feng didn't die just now and escaped instantly. By the way, did you sense Qin Feng's position?"

Yao Ji looked at Blood Shura.

He knew the innate ability of Blood Asura.

Blood Asura smiled wryly and shook his head: "No!"

Yao Ji was surprised: "No? Could it be that he has fled ten miles away?"

These words just fell, and a stalwart voice sounded above the sky.

"Two! Come to the Wind Clan's station! Qin Mou will have a showdown with you guys!"

boom!

As soon as the sound came out, the world shook!

The two Yao Ji were shocked, and they all shook their heads and looked up at the sky, but they couldn't see anything.

That was Qin Feng's voice.

This kind of sound transmission over a thousand miles is also a means of releasing divine consciousness.

"Qin Feng! It's Qin Feng!"

"He's not dead!"

Yao Ji looked at each other face to face, and was extremely shocked in their hearts.

After a while, Yao Ji took a deep breath, looked up at the direction of the Wind Clan's station, and his expression became more serious.

The means Qin Feng showed was really unbelievable, and he had to be afraid!

What's even more amazing is that Qin Feng took the initiative to invite the battle, and asked them to go to the Wind Clan station by one-on-two.

In this way, he was a little guilty.

If Qin Feng has no confidence, how dare he take the initiative to invite battle?

So do you want to go?

At the same moment, Xue Shura was also shocked.

But then, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly.

This Qin Feng dared to take the initiative to invite battle, I am afraid that there are some special means, hidden in the wind clan station.

pity!

Qin Feng doesn't know his true strength!

In the previous battle, in order to guard against Yao Ji, he deliberately hid his strength to the pinnacle level of the ninth layer.

In fact, his true strength has reached the peak of heaven!

Since Qin Feng took the initiative to request, he will let him have a good look at his real power!

Thinking of this, he said, "Brother Yaoji, since that kid took the initiative to invite, let's go over and take a look!"

Yao is extremely worried: "Is there any fraud?"

Xue Shura didn't take it seriously: "Even if there is a fraud, he can't help me wait. Haven't you and I both seen what kind of strength he is before? As long as you and I join forces and let him do the layout, that's a dead end!"