Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Yaoji's eyes lit up: "That's right!"

"Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Blood Shura took the initiative to fly to the Wind Clan.

Yao Ji followed closely.

Xue Shura didn't know that Qin Feng knew all about his hidden strength...

After the two were far away, a cloud of white mist appeared out of thin air above a treetop near the battlefield.

After a while, the white fog condensed into a human form and turned into a white-haired old man.

At this moment, the old man looked at the backs of the two Yao Ji and sighed.

"I really didn't expect that! That Qin Feng is so strong! The old man thought he was a cannon fodder, at most the strength of the early stage of the ninth level. Now it seems that he is also a character, and his strength is not much worse than Yaoji!"

The old man was amazed.

But then, he sneered again: "However, even if Qin Feng has such strength, so what? Don't talk about him, even if Yao Ji and Xue Shura join forces, they will not be the opponent of this old man."

"This time, the old man wants the mantis to catch the cicada and the oriole to become the final winner. The two pass orders on that kid will belong to the old man."

The old man smiled proudly, then turned into white mist again, and disappeared into place out of thin air.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Fengyao looked at the direction of the battlefield and watched every move of the old man.

After a while, he sneered: "Three here! All of them must die!"

As soon as the voice fell, he and the phantom avatar disappeared out of thin air at the same time, but the wood spirit avatar remained in place.

The next second, the Mirage clone returned to the Wind Clan station.

At the same time, Qin Feng's figure appeared at the Ze people's residence

At this moment, the ice spirit clone has been waiting for a long time.

As soon as he appeared, the Ice Spirit clone handed over the Titchka.

Qin Feng quickly broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it to the land deed card

After a while, the Ticheka turned into a golden light and poured into his body.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

【You are integrating the land deed card (the residence of the Ze people)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the resident master of the Ze clan, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on getting a new site (medium grade) and get 2000 points. 】

[Reminder: Your personal points have increased to 45,600 points. 】

[Reminder: Longyuan Town points increased to 59,100 points! 】

【Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 14...】

After doing this, Qin Feng opened the mayor's operation interface again and operated it...

After a while, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', and the address is located in the No. 2 area of ​​Ze people's resident Mayor Qin Feng to get 200 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', and the address is located in the No. 2 area of ​​the Ze people's resident Mayor Qin Feng to receive 1000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located in the Ze people's residence, Mayor Qin Feng will receive 500 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng will upgrade the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is located in the residence of Ze people, Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points reward]

After some creation operations, the Zeclan's residence was completely incorporated into the Longyuan site.

Qin Feng won 3700 attribute rewards in one fell swoop, which is another good gain.

However, he didn't make any stop and just disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he arrived at Lei Ze's station and appeared beside the Moon Spirit clone.

That Yueling clone and Xiao Luan'er had been waiting for a long time.

"dad!"

When Xiao Luan'er saw Qin Feng, she excitedly stepped forward to say hello.

"Little guy! Let's talk later!"

Qin Feng hurriedly took the title deed card handed over by Yueling's clone, directly broke the blood and dripped it into the title deed card...

hum!

That land Cheka suddenly shines brightly!

The next second, it turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

【You are integrating the land deed card (Thunder Clan resident)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the resident master of the Thunder Clan, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on getting a new site (medium grade) and get 2000 points. 】

[Reminder: Your personal points have increased to 47,600 points. 】

[Reminder: Longyuan Town points increased to 61,100 points! 】

[Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 15, and successfully unlocking the 1000-star combat power feedback]

In the next second, one after another, white light flew from the void and madly poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Reminder: Your subordinate Liu Xuan's combat power has exceeded 1000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 300 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Qishan has a combat power of 1,000 stars, and you have received 300 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Lei Jue's combat power has exceeded 1000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 300 attribute points. 】

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and his attribute points soared wildly.

He was ecstatic!

Ha ha!

He finally unlocked the 1000-star combat power feedback!

Today, the battle strength of Longyuan Town has exceeded 1,000 stars, and the number of people has already exceeded 2,000.

That is to say, he will immediately get 600,000 attribute points to feed back!

In order to kill the three Yao Ji who came to invade, he naturally wanted to raise his strength to the strongest state

Right now, he is about to succeed!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed his eyes comfortably, enjoying the crazy feedback from his subordinates

At the same time, Yao Ji and the others had already reached the vicinity of the Wind Clan station, only a few miles away from the station.

Chapter 414 Strength skyrockets! Heavenly limit!

At the same time, Yao Ji and the others had already reached the vicinity of the Wind Clan's station, only a few miles away from the station...

"Brother Shura, it's almost here!"

Yao Ji looked at the Feng Clan station from afar.

"There doesn't seem to be anyone in the station!"

Blood Shura frowned slightly.

At this moment, a stalwart figure with a long knife in his hand lifted off from the station, which was the phantom avatar.

"It's him!"

"It's not dead!"

Both eyes lit up.

Especially when they saw the shocking dragon blade in the hands of the phantom avatar, the two instantly confirmed the identity of the phantom avatar, and their eyes showed excitement.

Before, they were worried that they could not find Qin Feng, but now they meet again.

This time, he will definitely not escape from the mirage.

Swish! Swish!

At the moment, the two of them flashed, and they rushed to the Wind Clan station...

At the same moment, in the Thunder Clan's residence.

Qin Feng's feedback is finally over.

At this moment, he opened his eyes with joy.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have received 2,000 person-times of 1000-star combat power, which has reached the upper limit of feedback. 】

[Reminder: When the number of your sites reaches 20, immediately explain the combat power feedback that the combat power exceeds 2000 stars. 】

[Reminder: If a subordinate breaks 2000-star combat power, you can get 400 attributes. 】

good! good!

As long as a subordinate breaks the 2000-star combat power, he can get 400 attribute points. This feedback is very powerful!

Having said that, among his subordinates, apart from Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue, no one has reached 2000 stars.

The strongest Liu Xuan has more than 1900 stars.

However, as long as he completes the double A-level task of destroying the Yaotian family, there should be a group of subordinates with a 2000 star rating.

Breaking the 2000-star combat power is equivalent to stepping into the first-level threshold of heaven!

And this double A-level mission should be completed soon.

Because the target has already taken the initiative to deliver it to the door!

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked towards the direction of the Wind Clan's station, with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

He and the Mirage clone are all concentric.

At this moment, through the eyes of the phantom clone, he saw Yao Ji and Xue Shura rushing towards the Wind Clan station...

Then, Qin Feng withdrew his thoughts.

He didn't want to think so much anymore, he had to finish the trivial matters quickly, and then go to deal with Yao Ji and the others.

Thinking of this, he opened the mayor's operation interface, and started to operate...

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located at the Lei Clan's residence in District 2... Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', located at the Lei Clan's residence in District 2.... Mayor Qin Feng received 1000 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located in the residence of the Thunder Clan.... Mayor Qin Feng received 500 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has promoted the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is located at the residence of the Thunder Clan.... Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points as a reward]

At this point, the Lei Clan's residence has also been completely incorporated into the Longyuan site.

Qin Feng got another 3700 attribute rewards...

Then, he switched to the personal panel to view the latest data...

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 90,000 stars

[Free attribute]: 607,400 points

[Personal points]: 47,600 points

[Longyuan Points]: 61,100 points

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

Accumulating 607,400 attribute points, after adding this point, his strength will definitely skyrocket.

With this in mind, he happily began to add some...

At the same moment, the Wind Clan station was in the sky.