Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The Mirage clone silently looked ahead.

Yao Ji and the others have already arrived.

The two sides face off!

As soon as he arrived, Blood Shura used his blood dao talent to spy on the entire station.

After a moment, he frowned.

"Brother Shura, how is the situation?"

At this moment, Yao Ji whispered in his ear.

"Strange! Qin Feng is the only one in this station, and there is no one else."

Blood Shura looked puzzled.

Yao Ji also showed surprise.

They thought that if the Mirage clone dared to take the initiative to invite battle, there must be an ambush in the station to have such confidence.

But now, they haven't found anyone else in the station, and the situation is different from what they guessed, which makes it difficult for them to understand.

"Brother Shura, the situation is a little weird! What kind of medicine is this guy selling in the gourd?"

"I don't know!"

The two whispered softly.

Unconsciously, both of them regarded the Mirage clone as an opponent of the same level, and they naturally became cautious in every move.

At this time, Yao Ji hesitated for a while before saying: "Brother Shura, why don't I go and test it out, you are swept aside. Let's see what tricks this kid is playing?"

"Alright!" Blood Shura nodded slightly.

Yao Ji quickly raised his head and looked at the phantom avatar.

"Qin Feng, you have some means! You were resurrected so quickly! How did you do it?"

The corners of the mirage's avatar's mouth twitched slightly, too lazy to pay attention.

It's ridiculous that this guy wants to find out about him!

Yao Ji frowned, the boss in his heart was unhappy.

"Humph! Boy, don't think that you can escape once, and you can escape a second time. As far as this deity knows, after using ordinary resurrection secret techniques, your strength will plummet. This deity wants to see how strong your strength will be after this resurrection. How much do you save?"

Swish!

As soon as the voice fell, he slaughtered towards the Mirage clone.

At the same time, Xue Shura also clenched the handle of the knife and peeped around.

For fear of what an ambush the Mirage clone did, he wanted to respond immediately to save Yao Ji...

Light and shadow flash!

In the blink of an eye, Yao Ji killed the Mirage clone.

"Little thief! Take my sword!"

Swish!

Yao Ji slashed with all his might!

He didn't dare to hold back against the Mirage clone at all.

Cold light flashes!

The monstrous sword qi rises into the sky!

At that moment, wherever the sword light passed, everything collapsed, and the momentum was unstoppable!

The power of that sword is infinitely close to the peak of the sky, and the momentum is devastating!

Yao Ji's face is even more hideous!

In his opinion, the Mirage clone was resurrected once, and its strength must have plummeted.

Even if his sword can't split the little thief in front of him, he can still seriously injure him...

In the blink of an eye, the sword light came close.

At this moment, the phantom avatar seemed to sense something, and his eyes instantly lit up...

In the next second, his aura was skyrocketing wildly!

It turned out that Qin Feng was adding some points.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

He and Qin Feng are of the same mind.

The strength of the body has skyrocketed, and his strength will also skyrocket.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng has finished adding points, and the basic combat power has skyrocketed to 102,000 stars. If you add the power of anti-god-level foundation building, it will be 112,000 stars, even if it is not far from the limit of the peak of the sky. .

With the soaring power of the main body, the strength of the Mirage clone has skyrocketed to around 78,000 stars, a proper mid-level nine-level strength.

At this moment, Yao Ji's sword was about to fall!

Swish!

Knife light flashed!

A dragon roar resounded between heaven and earth!

Mirage clone shot!

Frightening Dragon Blade to meet that sword!

The Golden Rule! The law of power! The Law of Destruction! The law of killing! Extreme Yang Law!

Blessed by the power of heavy laws!

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

The sound waves swayed in all directions, shaking all directions, and the space shattered every inch!

That sword barely swayed the Dragon Sword, and then slashed towards the Mirage clone mercilessly.

But at this time, the phantom avatar has activated the eighth-order peak Tongtian Hegemony and Extreme Yin Law.

The two phases are superimposed, and its defensive ability is comparable to the ninth-order martial arts, which is extremely terrifying.

boom!

A very dull loud noise!

The remaining power of that sword slashed on the Mirage clone.

The phantom avatar just swayed slightly, stepped back more than ten feet, and stabilized the figure...

As for Yu Wei of the sword just now, only a faint white mark was left on his chest, and his skin did not even break open.

boom!

This time, Yao Ji was completely shocked, and he was dumbfounded!

OMG!

how can that be? !

Wasn't this kid killed before?

After others are resurrected, their strength will decline.

After this kid was resurrected, why did he become stronger? !

Yao was extremely shocked!

Blood Shura not far away was also dumbfounded!

At the same moment, the Thunder Clan was stationed.

Qin Feng closed the panel with a smile on his face.

That feeling of strength is really wonderful.

It's time for him to do it too!

This time, he wanted to give Yao Ji and the two a big surprise.

"Dad! Are you all right?"

Xiao Luan'er couldn't wait.

Qin Feng fondly touched her little head.

"Come on! Psychic integration!"

"Um!"

The next second, Qin Feng pinched a psychic seal in his hand.

Boo!

Xiao Luan'er also transformed into the divine bird form covered in golden flames, and then transformed into a golden light that poured into Qin Feng's body...

click! click! click!

In just an instant, one person and one pet have completed the psychic fusion.

Qin Feng's combat power has skyrocketed to 125,000 stars, suddenly surpassing the limit of the peak of the sky.

The combat power range of the peak of the sky is 90,000 stars to 120,000 stars.

The threshold for the demigod realm is 200,000 stars.

From the peak of the sky level to the threshold of the demigod realm, there is an empty area of ​​combat power, which is also the strength gap between the demigod realm and the heaven-level powerhouse.

Now, Qin Feng has half footed into that gap.

Thinking of this, he looked up at the Wind Clan station...

At the same moment, the Wind Clan station was in the sky.

Yaoji and Ji have recovered from their shock.

"I didn't expect it! Your strength has been greatly improved! No wonder, you dare to take the initiative to invite battle!"

At this moment, Yao Ji's face was solemn, but he breathed a sigh of relief in his heart.

He thought that he had figured out the reason why the Mirage clone was invited to fight.

That is the strength of the Mirage clone has improved!

If this is the only reason, and there are no other ambush, he is relieved.

Having said that, after this kid's strength has improved, his strength is almost the same as his own.

If you let him go heads-up, there is really no way to kill this kid!

Thinking of this, Yao Ji looked at Xue Shura again.

"Brother Shura, let's join forces!"

"As it should be!"

Blood Shura also took a deep breath.

The performance of the Mirage clone really shocked him.

However, he also has trump cards.

But at this moment, the Mirage clone sneered: "There is so much nonsense! If you want to fight, let's go together!"

"Insanity!"

"court death!"

Yao Ji and the two were furious!

Swish! Swish!

The next second, the two of them rushed towards the Mirage clone at the same time.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them were close to each other.