Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as it was exposed, Qin Feng was no longer hiding, and slaughtered the giant snake directly.

Swish~!

There was a burst of sound in the air, and an afterimage was pulled out.

With the addition of his speed talent, his speed is even faster than the speedy Prairie Gray Wolf.

hiss~!

Shocked, the giant snake raised its head and rushed forward.

Qin Feng made a mistake and easily avoided the bite of the giant snake.

The original speed of the giant snake was not as fast as Qin Feng.

Now his belly is huge and dull.

Qin Feng was close to it at once, his hand raised the knife, and the cold light flashed.

Ka~cha~cha!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

sigh~!

A sound of scales cracking!

There is also the sound of slicing meat!

The extremely hard snake scales were chopped into a dozen pieces by Qin Feng's knife.

hiss~!

The giant snake was in severe pain, its head turned around instantly, and it opened its mouth to bite.

Immediately, the stench hits his face, and the stench fills his nose.

Qin Feng dodged and avoided it easily, and quickly opened the distance from the giant snake.

hiss~!

The giant snake was furious and chased after him.

But it only chased a few meters, and a blood line appeared at seven inches.

Poof~! sigh~! sigh~!

Then, the wound cracked and snake blood spurted wildly!

The giant snake suddenly felt seven inches of severe pain, its body softened, and its pupils slackened.

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

It fell to the ground headfirst, and the snake body twitched for a while, then stopped moving.

In just one face-to-face, Qin Feng beheaded the giant snake.

He breathed a sigh of relief, very satisfied with his performance.

Such an excellent performance not only relies on strong physical fitness, but also extremely superb fighting talent.

It was also the first time that he discovered that his fighting talent was not weak, but he was thin and did not show it before.

Om~!

At this moment, a white light flew from the giant snake and poured into his body...

[Succeeded in killing the level 1 highly poisonous nine-ringed snake, and obtained +40 energy points! 】

Qin Feng suddenly felt warm all over, very comfortable, and a level progress bar appeared in his mind.

[Level]: Level 1 (70/100)

Killing a highly poisonous nine-ringed snake gives 40 energy points, which is indeed stronger than that of a giant rodent.

Right now, as long as he kills another level 1 beast, he can easily advance to level 2.

In this way, upgrading is not difficult at all!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

It's just that he didn't know that if he said this idea, tens of billions of people around the world would scold him to death.

In today's novice state, human beings are naturally weak, and there are really few that can be singled out with a level 1 beast.

Then, Qin Feng strode to the snake corpse and pressed it with one hand...

A flash of white light flashed!

【Endless extraction success! Gain 2 energy attributes! 】

cool~!

Energized again!

By the way, why is this snake's belly so big?

Qin Feng's eyes fell on the belly of the giant snake again.

To be honest, a large part of the reason why he was able to kill the giant snake so easily was because the snake's belly was too big and its movements became slow.

If it was a normal venomous nine-ringed snake, he would have to spend a little more effort.

Thinking of this, he carried the steel knife, endured the stench of the giant snake, and stroked down the seven-inch wound.

呲 La ~!

Cold light flashes!

Turn over the white snake meat!

The snake was disemboweled!

A human corpse wrapped in mucus rolled out of the snake's belly.

Fuck it~!

This snake actually eats people!

Qin Feng was surprised!

However, he quickly calmed down.

In this killing world, someone will die at any time.

This is the eternal melody.

He has gradually faded away!

Immediately, he squatted down, pressed one hand on the man's body, and tried to extract endlessly...

He also doesn't know if he can still extract it in this case.

Om~!

After a while, the white light came on!

【Endless extraction success! The second time to obtain the F-level talent - visual enhancement! 】

Qin Feng was delighted that he could extract...

[Two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened! Your visual talent has been promoted to E-level talent - visual superlative! 】

[Supervision of vision: 20 times stronger vision, with night vision ability. 】

[Successful evolution of talent, automatic awakening of talent skill - Eye of True Sight. 】

[Eye of True Sight: An active skill that can spy on the essence of things. 】

"Haha! It's still possible!"

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

He didn't expect that there would be such a big change when he unintentionally extracted an F-rank talent.

It turned out that he had F-class visual enhancement.

That corpse's talent is also an F-rank visual enhancement.

After the extraction is successful again, his visual talent will be superimposed and strengthened, thus evolving into an E-level visual superlative.

Endless extraction is really awesome!

In fact, everyone's talent can be upgraded and evolved, but the conditions are extremely harsh, the difficulty is also extremely high, and there are level restrictions.

And Qin Feng's talent evolution is obviously different.

As long as he extracts the same talent several times, there is a certain chance of evolution.

This allows his talent to evolve much easier than others.

In addition, after the successful evolution of innate abilities, there is a certain chance that innate abilities will be awakened.

This probability is very low.

But just now, after Qin Feng's visual talent evolved, he successfully awakened the talent skill - Eye of True Sight.

This is also the first skill Qin Feng has mastered.

At the moment, he suppressed the excitement in his heart and looked at the red spirit fruit in front of him...

The Eye of True Sight was activated instantly, and a light screen popped up in his eyes.

【Name】: Red python fruit

[Grade Rank]: First-Order Spirit Fruit

[Efficacy]: Non-toxic, can enhance physical fitness and enhance anti-toxic ability after eating

The true eye is so good!

Immediately, he recognized the details of the spirit fruit.

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

With this skill, he can distinguish many unknown things.

This is the advantage of grabbing resources!

Having said that, this red python fruit is also a treasure, it can actually enhance the physique.

The weakest thing he has now is his physique, and this fruit is just in use.

Thinking of this, he happily walked towards Lingguo

Chapter 7 Strengthening! Fighting power rises again!

As soon as he approached the red python fruit, Qin Feng smelled a fragrance that was refreshing.

He picked it without hesitation, took a bite, and it melted in the mouth, sweet and delicious.

It tastes good!

In a few mouthfuls, he finished drying the whole spirit fruit.

Soon, the spirit fruit entered his stomach and turned into a warm current that flowed all over his body, causing his whole body to heat up.

His physique is also rapidly strengthening

After a while, the energy was completely integrated into his body...

[After eating the red python fruit, you will gain 8 points of physical attributes. 】

[After eating the red python fruit, your anti-poison ability increases by 100%. 】

Fuck it~!

I actually improved my physique by 8 points!

Also increased the anti-toxic ability!

This red python is too powerful!

Qin Feng was surprised.

By the way, is this spirit grass still useful?