Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

boom!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

The momentum of the blood Asura burst out suddenly, and it became twice as strong in an instant!

At this moment, he no longer hides his strength.

The strength of the ninth level peak has completely exploded!

With the help of the Heaven-suppressing God, his combat power suddenly reached 100,000 stars, officially stepping into the ranks of the peak of the sky.

Swish!

The next second, the Blood Moon Scimitar slashed towards the Mirage clone with all his strength.

That knife opened up the world, the blood-colored knife light connected to the sky and the ground, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

At this moment, Xue Shura's eyes were full of pride.

Ha ha!

This little thief must not know that he has hidden his strength.

He suddenly burst out with all his strength, and he will definitely kill this kid by surprise.

At the same moment, Yao Ji also slashed towards the Mirage clone with all his strength.

At that moment, he was shocked by the terrifying aura of Blood Asura.

But the next second, he was ecstatic!

He was worrying about whether he and Shura Luo joined forces to kill the boy in front of him.

Unexpectedly, Blood Asura actually hides his strength!

The hope of killing this little thief is here!

In the blink of an eye, those two attacks came close to the Mirage clone...

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this critical moment, white light flashes all around!

Qin Feng and the three clones appeared at the same time...

Chapter 415 Kill Yaoji!

The appearance of Qin Feng and the three avatars shocked Yao Ji and both of them!

How come four more people appeared all of a sudden, and they look exactly the same as the phantom avatar.

Among the four, Qin Feng, who has phoenix wings on his back, is particularly outstanding.

But without waiting for Yaoji to think about it, Qin Feng slashed at Yaoji!

The four avatars shot together and faced the attack of Blood Shura!

Swish!

Shinra Heavenly Blade, a cold light flashes!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

Qin Feng just stabbed at hand, but his attack power was devastating.

Damn it!

Yao Ji was frightened and angry, and hurriedly attacked with a sword, attacking with all his strength.

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

That sword easily swept away Yaoji's sword, and continued to slash down without losing the force.

Yao is terrified!

But at this moment, he could no longer avoid it.

In panic, he held up a protective mask.

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With just one knife, Qin Feng split Yao Ji and the light shield into two halves.

Terrible scream!

Echoes in the sky above the station!

boom!

At the same moment, there was a loud bang on the other side!

The four avatars joined forces to knock the blood Shura back in one fell swoop, blasting him thousands of feet away!

In just one face-to-face, Qin Feng's side has the upper hand.

Blood Shura was completely dumbfounded!

He broke out his trump card, and was actually blown away in one fell swoop.

However, what shocked him even more was Qin Feng's strength.

Thinking of this, he looked at Qin Feng in horror.

Na Yaoji was cut in half by Qin Feng with one knife.

This strength is definitely the peak of the sky, and it is the leader of the peak of the sky.

Could this be Qin Feng?ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Blood Shura suddenly realized something.

It was at this moment that the field mutated again.

boom!

The body of Yao Ji, who had been split in two, suddenly shattered into pieces and turned into a fog of blood.

hum!

In the next second, the golden light of the Heaven-Opening Sword was released, and the power of the infinite soul shrouded the blood mist.

Immediately afterwards, the blood mist rolled, and a human figure condensed out, and it turned into the appearance of Yaoji in a blink of an eye.

Na Yaoji was resurrected again, and his momentum did not drop in the slightest!

This is one of the magical uses of the divine object.

"This is…."

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

He didn't know that the heaven-suppressing fetish had such a magical effect that it could revive the holder.

But saying that Yaoji was resurrected, he glanced at Qin Feng in horror, turned and fled.

Swish!

Qin Feng slashed directly.

"Damn!"

Yao Ji was frightened and angry, raised his sword and crossed...

Click!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Yao Ji was split in half again.

In the next second, his body exploded, turning into a blood mist.

hum!

The golden light of the Heaven-Opening Sword was released, and the power of the soul shrouded again.

For a while, the blood mist continued to roll, and Yao Ji continued to resurrect...

At the same time, Yao's extremely anxious roar came from the blood mist.

"Brother Shura, come and help me!"

Blood Asura hesitated for a while, then rushed over again.

The four avatars quickly went up to meet them.

In the blink of an eye, Yao Ji was resurrected again, his momentum still undiminished.

Qin Feng slashed it into two halves with another slash.

Bang!

Yao Ji once again turned into a blood mist in the sky!

This time, Yao Ji's roar came from the blood mist.

"Qin Feng! You don't have to waste your energy! The deity has the protection of the gods. Even if you kill the deity 10,000 times, the deity can be resurrected infinitely! As the leader of a mysterious force, how can it be so easy to be killed!"

"Little thief! It's the first time you've seen the power of the God-Suppressing God! Gaga!"

Yao is extremely proud of laughing!

That tone was full of endless mockery!

Up to now, he has guessed that the real Qin Feng is in front of him.

While this shocked him deeply, he also understood that even resisting was useless, so he was broken.

However, even if he couldn't kill Qin Feng, he couldn't get the Holy Land Pass.

But Qin Feng wants to kill him, that is impossible.

The big deal is that both sides have been consumed!

But if it continues to be consumed, it will be beneficial to Yaoji.

Because all the mysterious forces want to find Qin Feng, and they want to get rid of them quickly.

Qin Feng and Yao Ji are entangled together, waiting for the position to be exposed all the time.

At this moment, Qin Feng also frowned.

I didn't expect it!

This divine artifact can create the power of the soul, allowing the holder to revive infinitely.

In this way, it would be more difficult for him to kill Yaoji.

If Yaoji can't be destroyed, how can he complete that double A-level mission?

Boom!

In just a moment, those blood mists regrouped in human form.

Yaoji is going to be resurrected again!

Qin Feng raised his hand and slashed the blood mist!

"Damn!"

In the blood mist, Yao Ji's roar came out.

"Little thief! Don't waste your energy! You can't kill the deity! Don't say it's you, even a demigod can't do it! If you know a little bit, you can let the deity go!"

"yes?"

Qin Feng sneered and was about to use special means.

call out!