Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

But at this moment, a shadowless and invisible attack suddenly attacked from behind Qin Feng's head.

Qin Feng is no longer familiar with that attack.

That is the thorn of soul power!

call out!

In just an instant, the thorn of soul power slammed into Qin Feng's head, rushed into his sea of ​​consciousness, and stabbed his soul body fiercely.

But in the next second, the soul thorn suddenly collapsed.

Qin Feng is as if nothing happened!

"what!"

In the void, a voice of incomparable astonishment sounded.

"Wait for you for a long time!"

At the same moment, Qin Feng turned around and slashed towards the void behind him.

He seems to have known for a long time that there is a person hidden in that void.

This sudden attack made the sneak attack unexpected.

boom!

A loud bang!

The void behind him is cracking every inch!

The next second, there was a muffled groan in the void, and a white-haired old man holding a long sword was split out of the void.

"Hey! It's you!"

"Soul Shadow Venerable!"

As soon as the white-haired old man appeared, Xue Shura and Yao Ji let out a sound of astonishment.

In an instant, they recognized the identity of the old man.

The old man is the chief supreme elder of the Wanling Clan - Venerable Soul Shadow, with a peak power of heaven, and it is rumored that his combat power has reached 120,000 stars.

The talent he masters is the S-level Soul Dao Law!

He also has another identity, that is, the younger brother of Wanling Patriarch.

In short, the strength of this Soul Shadow Venerable is extremely terrifying, even if Yao Ji and Xue Shura join forces, they are not necessarily the opponents of Soul Shadow Venerable.

What's even more terrifying is that the S-level soul dao talent mastered by Soul Shadow is, to a certain extent, the nemesis of Yao and Ji.

On a certain level, both of them were afraid of the Soul Shadow Venerable.

But even such a terrifying person appeared in the field.

How did he show up?

Could it be that the Soul Shadow Venerable was following them?

Yaoji and Ji were secretly surprised!

However, what surprised them even more was that Qin Feng had just knocked back Venerable Soul Shadow with one knife, and his performance seemed to be even more terrifying.

At this moment, Venerable Soul Shadow also looked at Qin Feng in shock.

"You discovered the old man long ago?"

Venerable Soul Shadow couldn't believe it.

His eighth-order skill 'Mist Concealment' is extremely concealed, and almost no one below the demigod realm can find it.

Only a strong person who masters the knowledge of the outside world can discover it.

But the knowledge of the gods is generally a means that can only be mastered by the strong in the demigod realm.

This kid is only at the Earth-level realm, how is it possible to master the knowledge of the gods!

Could it be that this kid has mastered the S-level talent - Seven Consciousness Awakening?

This is impossible!

This kid has too many S-level talents, how can he still master the awakening of the seven senses?

By the way, his soul attack just now seems to be ineffective against this kid.

Just when Venerable Soul Shadow was in shock, Yao Ji's shout rang out in the field.

"Soul Shadow Venerable, you came just in time! I will wait for the three of you to join forces to destroy this Qin Feng thief!"

"As long as I can kill him! I don't want any of the two Holy Land Passes on him. You and Brother Shura are separated! I only want this kid's life!"

At this moment, Yao Ji was already mad.

He has been dealing with the resurrection state, unable to survive and not to die, and his heart is extremely anxious.

Venerable Soul Shadow's eyes lit up: "Is this true?"

In the blood mist, Yao Ji's voice came out again.

"Yao can swear to God! I only want this kid's life! It's this kid who killed many of my clansmen, and I will avenge this! The Holy Land Pass Order, Yao won't fight!"

Venerable Soul Shadow was overjoyed: "Good!"

Immediately, Venerable Soul Shadow agreed.

He will also know that relying on his own strength, he can't deal with Qin Feng at all.

On the other side, Blood Asura was fighting fiercely with the four clones.

When he saw Venerable Soul Shadow agreeing to join forces, he was mad.

With one more reinforcement, the situation will be more favorable.

"Haha! Qin Feng little thief! You are dead this time!"

In the blood mist, Yao Ji's voice became even more proud.

He seemed to see that he could soon get rid of Qin Feng and be resurrected again.

"One more person! It's just one more person to die!"

Qin Feng sneered, and another knife was about to revive Yao Ji.

As soon as his words came out, Venerable Soul Shadow instantly angered.

"Little thief! Arrogant!"

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, Venerable Soul Shadow rushed towards Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, he was near.

Boom!

The blood mist is rolling!

Yaoji quickly resurrected again...

He wanted to take the opportunity to revive while Venerable Soul Shadow entangled Qin Feng.

Only when he is resurrected can he have the power to fight back.

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field.

I saw Qin Feng's figure flickering, and it was divided into two parts.

The body of the two poles is activated instantly!

The body of light directly greeted Venerable Soul Shadow.

boom! boom! boom!

In no time, the two sides fought together.

With only a few encounters, the body of light has the upper hand, pressing the Soul Shadow Venerable to attack...

"Hey! It's a bipolar body!"

At the same time, Yao Ji's exclamation came from the blood mist.

He has a lot of knowledge and recognizes Qin Feng's methods in an instant.

Omg!

That is an eighth-order special skill that requires mastering the S-level talent - the reincarnation of light and dark.

How many S-rank talents does this kid have?

At this moment, Yao Ji was a little flustered.

Swish!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Qin Feng's dark body, he will be resurrected to half of him with a single knife, and he will be turned into blood mist again...

"Damn! Qin Feng, you..."

Yao was extremely furious.

But before he could finish speaking, Qin Feng's dark eyes lit up with silver light.

Eighth-order skill - Soul Extinguishing Eye!

Activate instantly!

call out!

A shadowless and invisible soul thorn slammed directly towards the Kaitian Sword!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At this moment, Qin Feng sensed that the Kaitian Sword contained Yaoji's soul body, which combined with the power of the divine object, turned it into the power of the divine soul.

And those divine soul powers are the source of his constant resurrection.

In other words, as long as the soul body in the Kaitian Sword is killed, Yaoji will surely die.

Under normal circumstances, the Heaven Suppressing God’s material is extremely hard and cannot be destroyed at all, even a demigod powerhouse can’t do it.

But the Soul Dao attack can ignore the texture of the divine object, directly blast into it, and penetrate the hidden soul body.

In other words, the person who masters the soul path talent is the nemesis of Yao Ji and others.

This is also the reason why Yaoji and Xue Shura are somewhat afraid of Soul Shadow Venerable.

call out!

In just a moment, the soul thorn inspired by the body of darkness blasted into the Kaitian sword and hit the soul body inside it.

boom!

A silent roar!

"what!"

Inside the Kaitian Sword, there was a mournful roar, and the blood mist that was re-condensing also collapsed with a bang.

Then, within the body of the sword, Yao Ji roared in horror.

"Soul... Soul Dao talent! You... you actually mastered the soul Dao talent!"

At this moment, he was completely panicked!

This kid is too perverted!

How many S-rank talents does he have?

The most terrible thing is that he has mastered the lethal S-rank soul body talent!

As soon as it was effective, the dark body immediately revealed a surprise color.

The next second, he beckoned, and Qiyue appeared out of thin air.

"Owner!"

When Qiyue saw the body of darkness, she was full of surprises.

"Time accelerates!"

The dark body has no time to hide from explanation.