Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue realized it instantly, quickly pinched the seal, and accelerated ten times the time, which was instantly attached to the body of darkness.

hum!

In an instant, the body of darkness once again stimulated the soul-killing pupil.

call out! call out! call out!

Ten times faster time!

In an instant, the body of darkness unleashed ten soul thorn attacks, slamming 3.5 hits into the Kaitian Sword.

The heaven-suppressing divine power in the Heaven-Opening Sword actually possesses the ability to repair the soul.

Because of this, Yao Ji and others can be resurrected infinitely, without losing their strength and soul power, and they are extremely powerful.

Therefore, Qin Feng needs to strengthen the attack strength of Soul Thorn.

In fact, even if Venerable Soul Shadow kept attacking Yao Ji and others, he would never have thought of killing Yao Ji's soul within half an hour.

But Qin Feng is different. His soul power attack is stronger than Soul Shadow Venerable, but now with Qiyue's help, his power has increased more than ten times.

boom! boom! boom!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's ten soul thorn attacks all bombarded Yaoji's soul body.

His spirit body momentum plummeted all the way!

puff!

The last beep!

It's like a soul annihilation!

hum!

Kaitianjian screamed!

The light dimmed instantly, and then involuntarily fell down...

The blood mist that filled the sky also turned into broken corpses, rolling down one after another...

"Do not!"

In the sky, Yao Ji's last unwillingness echoed.

That was the last cry before his soul collapsed.

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew from the broken corpses and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Killing the Hidden One (mid-stage of the Nine Heavens Level) successfully, you will get +40,000 attribute points]

[Kill the Hidden One (Ninth Heavenly Stage Mid-term) successfully, you will get +260 million energy points]

[Killing the Hidden One (the mid-term of the Nine Heavens Level) successfully, you will get +5000 points. 】

[Killing the Hidden One (the middle stage of the ninth level of the sky) was successful, and a land deed card (the residence of the Yaotian family) was released. 】

Finally killed!

Qin Feng is very happy!

At the same moment, the Soul Shadow Venerable and Blood Shura who were fighting were completely dumbfounded.

Chapter 416 Sweeps the audience! Even got S-level talent!

boom!

The next second, Venerable Soul Shadow and Blood Asura roared, turned around and fled.

The two fled in two directions, one left and one right.

Before, You Yaoji shared some of the pressure, but none of them took advantage.

Now that Yao Ji has fallen, how can they still have the confidence to fight.

Swish! Swish!

At that moment, Venerable Soul Shadow unfolded at full speed and escaped extremely fast.

In an instant, he escaped several miles away.

But the speed of the body of light was faster, and a teleport came to him and stopped it.

The two sides fought together again.

In just a moment, the body of light had the upper hand, killing Venerable Soul Shadow to retreat, screaming again and again.

On the other side, Xue Shura's whole body burst into red light, displaying the eighth-order skill 'Blood Escape Technique'.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

At that moment, his speed skyrocketed, suddenly reaching the limit of the peak of the sky, faster than the Soul Shadow Venerable...

This is the charm of the eighth-order skill!

At the same time, the four avatars are in hot pursuit.

Although the strength of the four avatars has greatly increased, the speed has reached the peak level of the ninth layer, which is naturally not comparable to the blood Asura.

The distance between the two sides is getting farther and farther!

"Master, that bald head is going to escape!"

Qiyue looked anxious.

"No hurry! I'll finish the scene first!"

The body of darkness didn't take it seriously, and as soon as he waved his hand, he sucked the falling Open Heaven Sword into his hand.

[Opening Heaven Sword: A ninth-order weapon, which is transformed from a divine object. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level law of opening the sky before you can control this sword. 】

good! good!

Although this treasure is called a ninth-order item, its value is actually higher than that of a ninth-order item.

As long as you collect ten divine artifacts, you can get one divine artifact, which is beyond the ninth-order existence.

The body of darkness smiled slightly, and then descended from the sky to the side of Yaoji's corpse.

The corpse was broken.

The dark body quickly found the title deed card and storage ring.

He put away the two things with satisfaction, and then tried to extract the body...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired an S-level talent - the law of opening the sky! 】

[The law of opening the sky: It is a fusion of the law of A-level gold and the law of A-level power. 】

The dark body rejoices

He got another S-rank talent, and his overall strength improved again.

Continue to extract…

【Endless extraction success! You get +1000 Strength attribute! 】

continue…

【Endless extraction failed! You have reached the withdrawal limit...]

The Dark Body smiled.

This time the harvest is very good!

He also found that when extracting the Heaven-level Nine-layer powerhouse, the attribute points have been increased to 1000 points.

This is a nice change!

Thinking of this, with a wave of the body of darkness, a ball of golden flames was released, turning Yaoji's body into ashes.

After doing this, he looked up at Xue Shura.

That guy has escaped 30 miles away, and has pulled the four avatars more than 10 miles away...

At the same moment, Blood Asura just looked back.

When he saw that the four avatars were pulled away by him, Qin Feng was still standing thirty miles away, and there was a look of joy in his eyes.

Looking at this situation, he is expected to escape!

But only when this thought came to him, he saw the dark body smile slightly, and then disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, the body of darkness appeared beside the four clones.

Then, the dark body disappeared out of thin air.

Blood repair Luoton felt bad.

But before he could think about it, the space in front of him was distorted, and the body of darkness appeared out of thin air.

"how come?!"

Blood Shura roared in horror.

Swish!

The body of darkness is directly slashed with a knife!

hum!

At that moment, the sword light shot up into the sky!

Open Heaven! The law of killing! The Law of Destruction! Extreme Yang Law!

The four major S-level attack-type laws are superimposed!

The attack power of that knife has been raised to an extreme, the power is devastating, and everything is unstoppable!

"Do not!"

The blood Asura realized the danger and screamed and raised his sword!

when!

Click!

Blood splashes!

That knife swayed the Blood Moon Scimitar and split the Blood Shura in half...

boom!

The next second, Xue Shura's body burst into pieces and turned into blood mist.

hum!

The blood moon scimitar shone with golden light, and the power of the infinite soul shrouded the blood fog.

Immediately afterwards, the blood mist rolled, and the blood Shura was about to be resurrected.

The dark body sneered and summoned Qiyue at will.

Qiyue Spiritual Spiritual Association, a time acceleration, is instantly attached to the body of darkness.

At the same moment, the eyes of the dark body lit up with silver light, and the soul-destroying pupil was instantly activated...

call out! call out! call out!

A series of soul thorns bombarded, directly hitting the soul body in the machete...

Suddenly, in the machete, the soul body of Blood Shura roared again and again, and the momentum plummeted all the way...

puff!

After a while, there was a soft sound!

Soul body collapsed!

The Blood Moon Scimitar wailed, and the aura dimmed instantly.

The body of darkness just copied it, and grabbed the Blood Moon Scimitar in his hand.

The second heaven-suppressing fetish has arrived!

At this moment, the blood in the sky turned into a corpse and rolled down...