Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Another dazzling white light flew up and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Kill the Hidden One (Ninth Level Peak of the Heavenly Rank) successfully, you will get +50,000 attribute points]

[Kill the Hidden One (Ninth Level Peak of the Heavenly Rank) successfully, you will get +300 million energy value]

[Killing the Hidden One (Ninth Level Peak of the Heavenly Rank) successfully, you will get +6000 points. 】

[Killing the Hidden One (the peak of the ninth level of the sky) was successful, and a land deed card (the residence of the Blood Moon Clan) was released. 】

Another kill!

The body of darkness was delighted and put away the Blood Moon Scimitar.

You must know that although Blood Asura is at the peak of the ninth level, its comprehensive strength is comparable to the early days of the peak of the sky.

But with such strength, there is no ability to resist in front of Qin Feng.

The dark body is very satisfied.

Then, he fell from the sky, came to the body, and picked up the storage ring and the title deed card.

After doing this, he began to extract the corpse...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained the S-level talent - the law of blood! 】

[Blood Dao Law: It has a strengthening effect on the bloodline talent of divine beasts, and can completely stimulate the hidden bloodline power. 】

[The power of your bloodline is thoroughly stimulated by the talent of blood, and the combat power is increased by 5000 stars...]

Boom!

At this moment, the momentum of the dark body has soared, and it has reached 130,000 stars in a blink of an eye.

He was amazed!

really not bad!

Only then did he get a new S-rank talent, which greatly increased his strength!

The dark body continues to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the eighth-order skill—Blood Escape! 】

Eighth-order skills!

Another nice catch!

The body of darkness turned the body of Blood Shura into ashes with a wave of his hand.

Qiyue also fell from the sky. ,

"Master! You are too powerful! You killed another one!"

The dark body smiled slightly: "There is one more!"

As soon as the voice fell, he looked up in the direction of the body of light...

At the same moment, the body of light was killing Venerable Soul Shadow, and the sky was dark and the sun and moon were dark.

At this moment, Venerable Soul Shadow was extremely horrified in his heart.

He found that the guy on the opposite side was getting stronger and stronger.

He naturally didn't know that Qin Feng had endless extraction, which could make himself stronger.

After Qin Feng killed Yao Ji and Xue Shura in a row, he won two S-level talents in a row, and his strength increased continuously.

As a result, the strength of the body of light will become stronger and stronger, and the pressure on the Soul Shadow Venerable will also increase.

At this moment, Venerable Soul Shadow's heart collapsed.

He was not an opponent of the ontology of light in the first place, and now that the ontology of light has become stronger, he is even less an opponent.

As a result, he was extremely anxious.

He tried to escape several times, but the speed was not as fast as the body of light, and he was always entangled and could not escape.

He also tried to use the fog concealment technique to hide his figure, but he could not escape the detection of the body of light.

And the S-level soul dao talent he relies on the most has no effect on the body of light.

Because the ontology of light has also mastered the soul path talent!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In short, the body of light is his nemesis!

He has been suppressed by the body of light to death, and he has no power to fight back.

If it goes on like this, he will die.

He doesn't have any divine artifact. If he is killed once, he will surely die.

The more Soul Shadow Venerable thought, the more anxious he became.

"Qin Feng! This deity is the younger brother of Venerable Soul Void, the head of the Wanling clan. Now, my elder brother is in seclusion and is attacking the demigod realm."

"With his strength, he will definitely be able to break through to the demigod realm this time. No matter how strong you are, you will not be a match for the demigod realm."

"If you want to be acquainted, let the deity go. Today's grievances will be written off!"

At this moment, Venerable Soul Shadow knew that he was invincible, and began to use threats to survive.

The body of light sneered: "Since you are here, don't try to escape?! This deity does not have the habit of returning tigers to the mountains!"

Venerable Soul Shadow was frightened and angry: "Boy! Before the deity came, my brother knew it. If something happened to me, you can't afford it! With your current strength, you are not a match for the demigod realm!"

Venerable Soul Shadow did not tell a lie.

His elder brother, Venerable Soul Void, is indeed hitting the bottleneck of the demigod realm, and a breakthrough is imminent.

"What about the demigod realm?! The challenging forces are naturally hostile to the secret forces of God 587! If I don't let you go, I will be on the same page as you! Today, you will surely die!"

"Insanity!"

Venerable Soul Shadow roared.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

But at this moment, white light flashed all around.

The main body of darkness, the four avatars, and Qiyue appeared one after another.

Venerable Soul Shadow's face changed greatly.

Without waiting for him to think about it, Qin Feng's two main bodies and four avatars slaughtered at Venerable Soul Shadow together...

Qiyue also used time acceleration, which was directly attached to the body of darkness.

"Do not!"

Venerable Soul Shadow roared in horror, already so frightened that his soul was scattered!

boom! boom! boom!

Then, there was a fierce fight in the field, and the killing was shattered!

In just a moment, there was a shrill scream in the field!

Venerable Soul Shadow was split into two halves by the body of light with a knife, blood splashed in the sky, and the two halves tumbled from the air...

In the next second, Qin Feng's two main bodies merged into one.

A dazzling white light flew from below and poured into his body

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak Limit) successfully, you will get +70,000 attribute points]

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak Limit) successfully, you will get +500 million energy value]

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak Limit) successfully, you will get +8000 points. 】

call!

Finally killed the last one!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and smiled with satisfaction.

Killing this Soul Shadow Venerable, actually got 70,000 attribute points, which is much richer than Yaoji and Xue Shura!

Energy value and points are also higher.

He is very satisfied!

Then, he fell from the sky and came to the corpse...

Having said that, this Soul Shadow Venerable is extremely powerful, and I don't know if he can extract some useful talents or skills...

Only after this thought came, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light...

【Your level has been promoted to level 36! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he showed joy again.

He finally got another level up!

Chapter 417 The harvest is overwhelming! Unknown force!

After cleaning up his joyful mood, Qin Feng stepped forward to collect the spoils.

The first thing I saw was a long sword with a green handle and a thin blade.

[Crystal Sword: A seventh-order weapon. 】

good!

It was actually a seventh-order weapon!

The value of a seventh-order weapon is comparable to an ordinary eighth-order item.

Qin Feng picked up the long sword and threw it to the Mirage clone.

The Mirage clone happily took it.

Among the four avatars, the Mirage avatar is the worst weapon, using the sixth-order weapon Jinglong Blade.

Now, the Mirage clone has been replaced with a fright sword, and the weapon shotgun has been replaced with a cannon, and the overall strength will be enhanced again.

Afterwards, Qin Feng obtained a storage ring from Venerable Soul Shadow.

Having said that, he got three storage rings in this battle, which belonged to Yao Ji, Xue Shura, and Venerable Soul Shadow.

The three of them are the top powerhouses of the mysterious forces, and there must be a lot of treasures in the storage ring.

It's just that Qin Feng doesn't have time to check it out. After finishing the trivial matters in front of him, he will take a good inventory.

After putting away the storage ring, Qin Feng began to extract the body of Venerable Soul Shadow.

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the eighth-order skill - Mist Hidden Technique. 】

[Mist Hidden Technique: You need to master the S-level soul path talent and the A-level water law before you can master it.

good!

Get an eighth-order skill!

Continue to extract…

【Endless extraction success! You get +1000 energy attribute! 】

Another nice catch!

After the extraction was completed, Qiyue also came over happily.

"Master, the three people who came this time have been beheaded by you, and the hidden danger has finally been lifted!"

Qi Yue looked excited.

Before that, she knew that there would be two ninth-level peak powerhouses coming, but she worried for a long time.