Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After Qin Feng summoned her, she realized that the actual situation was more serious.

What struck were not two ninth-level peak powerhouses, but a ninth-level peak, a heaven-level peak, and a limit of a heaven-level peak.

However, the strength of the master made her extremely shocked, and she killed these three people with ease.

Especially among these three people, two of them are the masters of mysterious forces, and the masters have obtained two land deed cards.

The territory of the mysterious force must have a higher level, and after obtaining it, there will be more points.

The more Qi Yue thought about it, the more excited she became.

"Little girl, although I killed these three people, the bigger trouble is yet to come."

Qin Feng looked at the corpse of the old man in front of him.

Qi Yue was puzzled: "Master, why?"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "This old man is the younger brother of the Wanling Patriarch. From his previous words, it was revealed that his elder brother, Venerable Soul Void, is in retreat, sprinting towards the demigod realm. When the soul void exits, it must be in the demigod realm. strong."

hiss!

Hearing that, Qi Yue couldn't help gasping for air.

The strongest in the demigod realm, the weakest also has a 200,000-star combat power.

What is even more terrifying is that Venerable Soul Void is the leader of a mysterious force, and has a divine object in his hand.

With the help of the heaven-suppressing divine object, as long as Venerable Soul Void succeeds in breaking through, its comprehensive strength is much stronger than that of the weakest demigod.

"Master, what this old man said is probably fake, right? How can the demigod realm be so easy to break through?"

Qi Yue couldn't believe it.

Demigod realm powerhouse!

In her eyes, it is like a god-like existence, which can instantly kill the extreme powerhouses in the peak of the sky, and its strength is extremely terrifying.

Even with Qin Feng's powerful strength, facing the weakest threshold of the demigod realm, it is difficult for him to have the ability to protect himself.

"Not necessarily! I think what the old man said is true."

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng waved his hand and released a ball of golden flames, turning the corpse in front of him into ashes

Qi Yue panicked: "Master, is his brother really that strong?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "There should be! The leaders of the top ten mysterious forces, the Liudao Clan, the Daluo Clan, and the Xinggu Clan are all veteran demigods, and the Ten Thousand Spirit Clan ranks fourth."

"Calculating his strength, he should be the fourth person who can break through to the demigod realm, so what this old man said is very credible. Besides, I have the Holy Land Pass in my hand, which is a great opportunity."

"The major mysterious forces all want to get it. For example, Yaoji and Xue Shura, all of them are the leaders of the forces. However, the Ten Thousand Spirit Race only sent this old man, and the patriarch, Venerable Soul Void, did not come in person."

"It means that the ghost has important things in his body, so he has no ability to clone, so he sent his younger brother here. What is that, which is more important than the chance of the Holy Land? Naturally, it is to break through the demigod realm!"

This analysis is well-founded, and Qi Yue nodded her head again and again.

Afterwards, she wondered again: "Master, why didn't that Venerable Soul Retreat retreat early and late, but chose this time?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Don't forget! The Wanling Clan won the fifth place in the power ranking and personal ranking this time, and received extremely rich rewards. The Soul Void Venerable should use the points in exchange for items that can break through the realm. , I chose to close at this time."

Qiyue suddenly said, "Yes! With your analysis, it's entirely possible."

Afterwards, she panicked: "If that's the case, it would be terrifying! You killed Venerable Soul Void's younger brother, and he will definitely avenge him."

"And Venerable Soul Void knows that the old man disappeared in that place, and he will find the Wind Clan station sooner or later. At that time, he can..."

Having said that, Qi Yue was a little uneasy.

Qin Feng sighed: "This is also helpless! Even if I don't kill this old man, after Venerable Soul Void leaves the customs, he will come to the door in person. With my current strength, I am indeed not a match for the demigod realm."

"However, when Venerable Soul Void leaves the customs and finds that his younger brother has fallen, the second round of competition is estimated to begin. So, I still have some time."

"As long as I can raise my strength to the level of a demigod before the second round starts, even if he comes, I have nothing to fear."

Qiyue nodded slightly: "Yes! However, it's not even a day and a half before the second round starts. It's a little difficult for the master to raise his strength to the demigod realm before the second round starts!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "Yeah! It's indeed a bit difficult! Right now, I have two big opportunities to improve my strength. One is the chance of the Holy Land in nine hours. The other is the pair of A-level public tasks."

"Double A-level public missions?"

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes! Our double A-level public mission is to exterminate the Yaotian clan. Now, the master has killed their patriarch and obtained the land deed card."

"Next, as long as we capture the Yaotian clan's nest and occupy their territory, we can complete this task. At that time, the strength of the whole town will increase greatly!"

Qin Feng also smiled and said, "That's right! You go to inform Liu Xuan and the others, and let the townspeople who have passed the Shengwu assessment come to the Feng clan station to gather. We have to make some preparations to occupy the Yao clan station."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Master, I'll go right now!"

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

After a while, Qin Feng and the two clones also disappeared out of thin air.

Only the Mirage clone remained at the station, and the Moon Spirit clone flew directly towards Yunzhou Island.

That Yunzhou Island is the residence of the Yao people!

A few minutes later, in the zero-degree space, inside the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng has released the psychic fusion.

At this moment, he opened the panel to check the latest data...

[Level]: Level 36 7.27%

[Reputation]: 1656 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 107,000 stars

[Free attribute]: 160,000 points

[Personal points]: 66,600 points

[Longyuan Points]: 80,100 pointsALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Really very good!

After reading the data, Qin Feng's face was full of joy.

After this battle, his basic combat power soared to 107,000 stars.

The free attribute also skyrocketed to 160,000 points.

Points are also skyrocketing!

Killing the three of Yao Ji was really worth it.

At the moment, he is in a happy mood

He must improve his strength as soon as possible!

Next, the powerhouse he has to face is not only the Soul Void Venerable, but also the demigod powerhouses of the Xinggu Clan, the Daluo Clan, and the Liudao Clan.

In the next second round, those people will definitely not let him go.

Especially Xinggu, the patriarch of the Xinggu clan, was even more unlikely to let him go.

After all, he took away the top three of the Xinggu Clan, how could the other party give up!

In fact, the Xinggu clan, the Daluo clan, and the Liudao clan were already looking for Qin Feng's traces everywhere.

Especially the Xinggu clan, it was riveting, the whole clan was frantically searching for Qin Feng's whereabouts

At the same time, in Area 3, there was a jungle above.

An old man in a golden robe and an old man with a hook nose are flying towards the Thunder Clan's station in the second area.

The golden-robed old man was the patriarch of the Haoyang Clan, Hao Ri, a peak-level powerhouse.

The eagle-nosed old man was the chief grand elder of the Haoyang Clan, Hao Kun, an early stage nine-level powerhouse.

"Patriarch, in another two hours, I will be able to arrive at the Lei Clan's station. At that time, I will ask Lei Ming to find out Qin Feng's whereabouts."

At this moment, Hao Kun looked ahead with a smile on his face.

Hao Ri was also full of joy.

yes!

As long as he finds Qin Feng, he will naturally be able to kill Qin Feng in an instant and deprive him of the Holy Land Pass.

In his eyes, he had always thought that Qin Feng only had the strength of the early stage of the Nine Stages.

"Elder Kun, let's speed up the time! Calculate the time, it's less than ten hours before the entrance to the Holy Land opens."

"yes!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two of them were in a hurry and were about to leave...

But at this moment, Hao Ri seemed to sense something, and looked back at the depths of the jungle in the distance.

"Hey! Elder Kun, there is a lot of life in that place, what kind of force is that? Could it be a challenge force?"

Hao Kun hurriedly followed the sound.

Afterwards, he shook his head: "Patriarch, the challenge forces in Area 3 have been cleaned up in the last round of competition. Now there are only two guardian forces and an unknown curse force left in Area 3."

"Unknown curse force?!"

Hao Ri was puzzled.

Hao Kun hurriedly said, "It's the losers of the last Ten Thousand Realms Contest, a group of people who were cursed by Heaven. Before their curse is lifted, they are not eligible to participate in this competition."

"Unless someone can lift their curse, they will recognize it as the master and become that person's servant force. As for what needs to be done to lift the curse, I will not know."

"All of this is protected by the Tao of Heaven, and we cannot force them to tell the truth. I can't kill them at will, or I will be punished by the Tao of Heaven."

Hao Ri suddenly said: "This deity knows! Such strange forces are hidden in every competition area, and the number is very small. However, they have no influence on our competition, so don't worry about them."

Hao Kun smiled and said, "Exactly!"

"Let's go! It's getting late, I have to wait to get to the Thunder Clan's station!"

"Yes!"

The two of them stopped talking, and sped up to the Thunder Clan's station.

Chapter 418 The disaster of extinction, potential huge benefits!

At the same moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel, everyone was still very anxious.

"Brothers, the boss said before that there are two ninth-level peak powerhouses attacking, let's not go to the Wind Clan station, what's the situation?"

"Little sister is so worried! Will the mayor's brother be in danger?"

"Hey! The girl upstairs, this time the enemy is too strong! Two ninth-level peaks! I don't know what happened to the boss?!"

"Yeah! It's so worrying! You said, can the boss be able to resist it?"

"I believe that even if the boss can't stop it, self-protection should be no problem. This is also the reason why the boss told us not to go, just because he was worried that we would be dragging our feet."

"Brother, when you say this, I'm even more worried about the boss. That means the boss has no confidence in dealing with the enemy!"

As soon as these words fell, Qi Yue's avatar jumped.

Qiyue: "Everyone, stop guessing! The master has solved the trouble of the Wind Clan station. From now on, you can return to the Wind Clan station."

As soon as these words fell, the audience suddenly cheered.

"Haha! Great! I'll just say it! The boss will definitely be able to beat those two away!"

"Yeah! The boss has never let us down!"

"Ahhh so exciting!"

"Brothers, the boss is too powerful! Even two ninth-level peak powerhouses can be beaten away!"

As soon as these words fell, Qiyue came forward again.

Qi Yue: "Who said there are two peaks of the ninth level? Three people came here this time!"

"Three?! What the hell!"

Everyone was a little surprised.

At this moment, Liu Xuan came forward.

Liu Xuan: "Could it be the three peaks of the ninth level?"