Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue: "No!"

Everyone understood in their hearts, secretly thinking that it should not be the three peaks of the ninth level.

If it were really three ninth-level peak powerhouses, the boss shouldn't be so quick to repel them.

But this idea came to me, and Qi Yue's avatar jumped again.

Qiyue: "It's a ninth-level peak powerhouse! A sky-level peak powerhouse! A sky-level peak peak powerhouse!"

boom!

Everyone was shocked!

Liu Xuan was greatly surprised: "My God! The enemy is so strong! The boss drove all three of them away?!"

Qiyue: "What beat them away? The master killed all three of them!"

boom!

This time, everyone was dumbfounded!

My goodness! 040

The boss is too scary!

In the next second, there were earth-shattering cheers from all over Longyuan Town!

When Qin Feng becomes stronger, it means that Longyuan Town becomes stronger.

The crowd was excited.

Excited beyond words.

Afterwards, Qiyue briefly described the matter.

Everyone's admiration for Qin Feng has reached an inexhaustible level!

One by one is extremely amazed!

The speed of the boss's progress is really terrifying, and it will always exceed their imagination.

Finally, Qiyue announced Qin Feng's order, and everyone responded.

At this moment, the entire channel was boiling.

"Haha! The boss is amazing! I really admire the boss!"

"Brothers, stop talking nonsense! Hurry up and gather at the Wind Clan station!"

"Yeah! I really didn't expect the boss to kill Yaotian's patriarch so quickly, and the fourth stage of the task is about to be completed."

"This task is completed, and the strength of my Long Yuan will be greatly increased!"

"Yeah! I don't know how much strength the boss will improve after completing this mission?"

"I don't know! In short, what the boss needs most now is to improve his strength to the demigod realm and resist the counterattack of Venerable Soul Void!"

"That's right! Let's hurry back to the Wind Clan's station!"

In this way, Long Yuan mobilized up and down.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The crowd marched to the Wind Clan station in a mighty manner

Today, there are more than 15,000 people in Longyuan Town, and more than 9,000 people have completed the sacred martial arts assessment, and the number of those with a strength of 1,000 stars has reached more than 3,000.

This kind of strength is among the top ten mysterious forces.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng has finished adding points, and his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 110,200 stars in one fell swoop.

If you count the power of foundation building, his comprehensive combat power has reached 120,200 stars, which is considered to be the limit of heaven-level combat power.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

However, such strength is still a long way from the demigod realm.

If he was in the upper demigod realm, it would be difficult to even protect himself.

Therefore, he must continue to improve his strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sat down cross-legged and took out a sword and a knife from the storage ring.

The sword was more than ten feet long, with a broad face and extraordinary momentum.

[Opening Heaven Sword: A ninth-order weapon, transformed by a divine object. 】

[Reminder: To refine this thing, you need to master the S-level Open Heaven Law talent. 】

[Reminder: The challenger or the descendants of the Yaotian clan have the right to refine this thing. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

This is the transformation of the 'Suppressing God'.

If he refines it, he will be able to unite human and machine in battle.

At that time, the Suppressing Heavenly Artifact will feed back part of the divine weapon's power to him, thereby enhancing his combat power.

For example, Yao Ji clearly only has the mid-level strength of the ninth level, but after using the Heaven-Opening Sword, his combat power will reach the peak level of the ninth level.

There is also Blood Shura. After using the 'Blood Moon Scimitar', the comprehensive combat power has increased from the peak of the ninth level to the peak of the sky.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the **** machete aside.

[Blood Moon Scimitar: A ninth-order weapon, transformed by a divine object. 】

[Reminder: To refine this thing, you need to master the S-level blood law talent. 】

[Reminder: Challengers or children of the Blood Moon clan have permission to refine this item. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He can refine both of these weapons.

I don't know if he has refined two 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifacts' at the same time, will something strange happen?

Having said that, these two things are sacred objects, and they should not be easy to refine, and it is estimated that it will take a long time.

By the way, the stronger the soul power, the faster the refining speed.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned it over, and there was a red elixir in the palm of his hand.

[Primary Soul Essence Pill: A sixth-order elixir, after taking it, it can greatly increase the strength of the soul body. 】

[Reminder: The upper limit of taking this medicine pill is 50. 】

"It's time to strengthen the soul body!"

Qin Feng took a breath and swallowed the pill.

Boom!

When the medicinal pill entered his throat, it turned into a majestic soul power, merged into his sea of ​​consciousness, and began to strengthen his soul body.

Today, Qin Feng has a variety of S-level talents.

If he wants to obtain SS-level talent, he must increase the strength of his soul body to the level of a demigod.

Only in this way can he take the Heavenly Soul Fruit and awaken the eighth consciousness - Alaya consciousness.

As long as the eighth sense is awakened, he will immediately obtain the SS-level talent "Reincarnation of Life and Death".

At the same time, after the awakening of the eighth consciousness, it is also easier to refine the "Suppressing Heavenly Artifact"

[Your soul body absorbs a lot of soul essence, the strength of the soul body is improved, and the combat power increases by 5 stars]

[Your soul body absorbs a lot of soul essence, the strength of the soul body is improved, and the combat power increases by 6 stars]

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, the strength of the soul body has been improved, and the combat power has increased by 4 stars]

The effect of the primary soul essence pill is very good!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At the moment, he closed his eyes and refined the primary soul essence pill in a happy mood.

He has 207 primary soul essence pills in his hand, enough for him to refine to the upper limit.

In this way, Qin Feng closed again.

The strength of his soul body is increasing bit by bit, and his combat power is also increasing...

At the same moment, the teleportation formation at the Wind Clan station lit up with bursts of white light.

Every time the white light lit up, dozens of Long Yuan disciples appeared in the great formation.

It was the residents of Longyuan Town who completed the Shengwu assessment and gathered at the Feng Clan station.

Meanwhile, on the other side.

The Moon Spirit clone has reached the coast.

At this moment, he looked at the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations in front of him.

Yunzhou Island is just east of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

At his speed, he could reach Yunzhou Island in about two and a half hours.

Today, Qin Feng's strength has soared.

The speed of the four avatars also increased greatly, and its speed surpassed the original Yaoji.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone smiled slightly, then flashed and rushed towards Yunzhou Island.

Qin Feng obtained the title deed card of the Yaotian Clan, and naturally knew the location of Yunzhou Island.

As long as the Yueling clone arrives at Yunzhou Island, it means that Qin Feng and the army of Long Yuan have arrived.

The cooperation of space summoning and zero-dimensional space is a great weapon of Qin Feng.

In just a moment, the figure of Yueling's clone disappeared above the boundless sea.

At the same time, the Yao clan's old nest, Yunzhou Island, was in a courtyard.

Yao Tianchen looked at the direction of the Wind Clan station.

Behind him stood a middle-aged man and an old woman.

Both of them are Heaven-level Seventh Layer strengths.

These two are also the Supreme Elders of the Yaotian Clan.

The seven elders of the Yaotian family have been killed by Qin Feng, and now there are only three people left.

"Elder Chen, it's almost dusk. In about nine hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened. I wonder how the situation on the patriarch's side is going?"

The one who spoke was the old woman named Yao Yu.

Yao Tianchen said to himself: "This time, when the patriarch and Xue Shura joined forces, they were naturally captured. Unless they didn't find Qin Feng, as long as they did, Qin Feng would definitely die!"

As soon as these words fell, the middle-aged man Yao Lin also agreed.

"That's right! Let's see, that Qin Feng won a lot of rewards even in the first round. His strength can reach the middle stage of the ninth level. But such strength is still not enough in front of the patriarch. Besides, the patriarch There is also blood Shura to help."

Yaoyao nodded slightly.

Then, her wrinkled face showed emotion.

"Hey! Challengers are too good to earn points! For targets of the same strength, we can only get 30 points when we kill them, but they get 100 points when they kill them. In this way, that Qin Feng relies on real Strength, you can't get personal first."

Speaking of which, her tone was a little sour.

Yao Tianchen also said sourly: "Yeah! If it wasn't for Tiandao's care, that Qin Feng wouldn't even say that he won the first place, it would be difficult to even make it into the top ten. Thinking about it makes me mad!"

"Yeah! Heaven is so unfair!"

Yao Lin also shook his head.

At this moment, the three of them were all unhappy, full of jealousy and even disdain for Qin Feng's achievements.

In their opinion, Qin Feng's achievements are equivalent to cheating.

They also don't think about it, the growth time of challenge forces is short.

Heaven's way of partiality can be more balanced and more reasonable.

"I don't want those bad things anymore. Anyway, that Qin Feng will surely die this time, and he won't be complacent for long!"