Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After saying this, Yao Tianchen looked at Yao Lin again.

"Elder Yaolin, how are the people below arranged?"

"Back to Chen Lao, everything has been arranged properly! One hundred and seventy-three heaven-level children, and more than 9,300 earth-level children, all assembled to stand by."

Yao Lin respectfully reported.

It turns out that among the Yao people, there are 173 children at the Guangtian level and more than 9,300 children at the prefecture level.

This is also all the children of the Yao clan.

Now, they were all gathered on the island by Yao Tianchen and others.

If Qin Feng knew about this, he would be very excited.

173 heavenly disciples!

That represents a lot of attribute points, points, and energy values.

Just killing these 173 heavenly disciples is equivalent to destroying dozens of guardian forces, and the benefits are unimaginable.

What's more, the Yao clan has more than 9,300 prefecture-level children, which also represents a large number of attributes and points.

This is also the reason why Qin Feng desperately wants to destroy the Yaotian family.

However, after Yao Tianchen heard the report, he showed joy.

"Very good! Next, we will wait for the good news from the patriarch."

Yao Tianchen stroked his beard and smiled.

Yao Lin asked curiously, "Elder Chen, when will the patriarch have news?"

"Within three hours, the patriarch must have good news!"

Yao Tianchen raised his head to look at the Wind Clan station, with a confident smile on his face.

Before Yao Ji left, he made it clear that he would reconnect the teleportation formation between the Wind Clan and the Monster Clan.

At that time, the Yaotian clan will come out of their nests and head to the wind clan station.

Their next plan is to wait for the start of the second round of competition, and then destroy Longyuan Town as soon as possible.

Therefore, Yao Tianchen and others gathered all the clansmen and waited for the teleportation formation to open.

At the moment, Yao Lin said happily: "Three hours, that's fast!"

Yao Tianchen stroked his beard and said, "The patriarch said that no matter if he finds Qin Feng immediately, he will restore the teleportation formation within this time period."

Yao Gu suddenly said, "Then we can just wait for the good news from the patriarch!"

Yao Tianchen nodded: "Exactly!"

As soon as the voice fell, the three looked at each other and smiled.

They didn't know that Yaoji had fallen.

Within three hours, the Yueling clone will definitely be able to arrive at Yunzhou Island.

They can't wait for Yaoji's good news, they will only wait for a catastrophe

Chapter 419 Mysterious Mission Order

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

At this moment, two figures appeared in the buffer zone of Area 2 and Area 3.

It is Hao Ri and Hao Kun of Haoyang Clan!

At this moment, the two of them were flying while looking at the direction of the Thunder Clan's station.

"Patriarch, calculate the distance, we will be able to arrive at the Lei Clan station in less than an hour."

Hao Kun said excitedly.

Hao Ri looked at the sky and said, "Let's speed up! In a few hours, the sun will set. After we arrived at the Lei Clan's station, we had to find Qin Feng after inquiring about the situation. This will cost a lot of money. time."

Hao Kun nodded: "Indeed! However, since Lei Ming knows the news of Qin Feng, Qin Feng must have been in the vicinity of Lei Clan. He is most likely in the No. 2 area. Perhaps, this is why Lei Ming wants us to go there. "

Hao Ri was startled: "It makes sense! That has to be accelerated! With Qin Feng's strength, the deity is worried that the Thunder Clan will be poisoned!"

"Yes! Patriarch, let's hurry up!"

At the moment, the two speeded up and rushed to the Thunder Clan's residence.

Area 2 borders Area 1, Area 3, Area 4, and the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

Today's No. 1 and No. 2 areas are all the sites of Longyuan Town.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

At this moment, Haori and the others rushed from Area 3 to Area 2.

In the buffer zone of Zone 4 and Zone 3, a group of people also appeared.

There were more than three hundred people in that group.

The first few talents are at the prefecture level, and the rest are at the human level.

At this time, they were walking in the jungle with great care.

Walking in the forefront is a blond man named William.

He is the leader of the team.

"William-san! How long until we reach Area 3?"

Just then, behind William, a short middle-aged man asked.

William looked at the direction of Area 3 and said, "Oh! Mr. Yamamoto, at our current speed, we can reach Area 3 tomorrow afternoon."

The short middle-aged man frowned: "How long does it take?"

William shrugged: "Oh! Mr. Yamamoto, our strength is too weak, only this speed."

At this time, another squinting man came.

"Axi! This killing world is so crazy! We joined forces in several villages, and all of them were killed by those guardian forces. There are only three hundred of us left."

The squinting man complained.

It turned out that this group of people were challengers from Blue Star.

They came from the Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country, Bangzi Country, Tuao Country, etc. After various reasons, they formed the "Freedom Alliance Village".

Now, only their group of challengers are left in District 4 to survive.

They knew that it was difficult to survive in the fourth area, so they gave up the village territory, and the entire village power, and moved to the third area.

"William Sang, will the Phoenix Clan, the curse force in District 3, really recognize you as the master?"

Yamamoto asked with concern.

William proudly said: "Oh! That's what the mission order says. As long as we find the Phoenix clan and complete the mission assigned by them, they will recognize me as the master. At that time, our Free Alliance Village will be reborn."

Yamamoto's eyes lit up: "Soga! William-sang, if only it were like this. I heard that there are thousands of people in the Phoenix clan, and most of them are at the prefecture level. With their participation, our Free Alliance Village will be killed. Hope to get out of the siege."

At this time, Jin Zaiyuan said with a worried look: "Mr. William, this mission order, but we robbed it from the people of Longguo. You said, will the few people of Longguo who escaped last time go to Longyuan? Zhen? Then find Qin Feng to avenge them?"

When it came to Longyuan Town, William and Yamamoto's expressions changed slightly, and they immediately felt fearful.

They can tell from the name of Longyuan Town that Longyuan Town is the town established by the people of Longguo.

But then, William said again: "Oh! Friends, don't worry! The world is full of dangers, and the few people from the Dragon Kingdom who escaped are probably dead in the wild."

"Besides, this continent is so big, they can't be so lucky, they can just find Longyuan Town."

"And as long as we find the Feng Clan and strengthen our Free Alliance Village, we won't be afraid of Longyuan Town and Qin Feng."

Jin Zaiyuan's eyes lit up: "William Smecta, you are right!"

William proudly said: "Oh! Friends! Let's go quickly! Now is the rest period, it is the best time for us to challenge the forces to take advantage of the opportunity to grow, we must not miss it."

The next group of people stopped talking, and accelerated to the direction of District 3...

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the secret room.

Qin Feng slowly opened his smile, his face full of joy.

At the same time, a hint of Heavenly Dao came in his mind.

[Your soul body has reached the extreme level of the sky-level peak, and the basic combat power has been increased to 112,000 stars. 】

[Your soul body has reached the peak limit of the sky, and the power of the eighth-order skill 'Soul Destruction Eye' has been greatly improved. 】

[Reminder: You have already taken 50 primary soul essence pills, reaching the upper limit, and taking it again is invalid...]

[Reminder: You have already taken 30 primary soul essence pills, reaching the upper limit, and taking it again is invalid...]

The two soul essence pills have all reached the upper limit.

However, the strength of his soul body has also increased from the ninth-level peak level to the limit of the sky, which is only a line away from the strength of the demigod.

His combat power has soared to 112,000 stars.

In this way, his combat power after psychic integration has exceeded 130,000 stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Now, he only needs a few high-level soul essence pills, and the strength of his soul body can break through to the demigod level.

It's a pity that he doesn't have a high-level soul essence pill in his hand, and he doesn't even have the main material for refining a high-level soul essence pill.

Otherwise, with his top-level alchemy technique, he can completely refine a furnace by himself.

"It seems that the strength of breaking through the soul body needs to be released first."

Qin Feng felt a little pity in his heart.

However, his soul body has reached the limit of heaven, which has already satisfied him.

With his current soul body strength, even in the upper half of the **** realm, the soul destroying pupil can have a first-line effect.

This is not a kind of trump card!

Therefore, his refining the soul essence pill has some effect.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and summoned Xiao Luan'er.

"Dad, is there going to be a war?"

As soon as the little guy saw Qin Feng, he asked happily.

Qin Feng smiled: "Don't worry! Yueling clone hasn't reached Yunzhou Island yet."

"Oh! Dad, what are you looking for with Xiao Luan'er?"

"Little guy, these are for you!"

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, a storage ring flew over.

Xiao Luan'er took a look, and she was overjoyed.

"Wow! So many soul essence pills! Dad, are these for me?"

"Yes! Hurry up to refine and improve your strength! In a few hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened. At that time, you and I will go in together."

"Well, Luan'er understands, Dad, then I'll go to refining, hee hee!"

The little guy was very happy.

The next second, she teleported and disappeared out of thin air.

It turned out that Qin Feng gave her 50 initial soul essence pills and 26 intermediate soul essence pills.

At this point, the middle-level soul essence pill in his hand was exhausted.

Having said that, Xiao Luan'er has refined those soul essence pills, and his strength will definitely increase greatly.

And the stronger Xiao Luan'er is, the greater the benefit to him.

After doing this, he summoned Qiyue again and rewarded 50 primary soul essence pills...

After Qiyue left, Qin Feng took out the Kaitian Sword, broke the blood and dripped it to the Divine Sword.

He officially began refining the first 'Heaven-Suppressing Artifact'...