Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, the sea of ​​robbery.

Yueling's clone looked ahead, with joy in his eyes.

He could already vaguely see Yunzhou Island, thousands of nautical miles ahead.

Above the sea, as far as the eye can see, the field of vision is very wide.

At his speed, he could reach the Yao clan's lair in a quarter of an hour at most.

Soon, a war is about to break out...

At the same time, in the buffer zone from Zone 2 to Zone 3.

Two young men in ragged clothes are stumbling all the way to the No. 2 area...

The direction they were going was exactly where the Thunder Clan was stationed.

At this moment, the young man walking behind seemed to be unable to walk any longer, and suddenly fell to the ground.

"Cao Yuan, what's wrong?"

The young man walking in front quickly turned around.

"Wei Tao, leave me alone! Go alone! I really can't walk anymore!"

Cao Yuan was out of breath.

His stamina was exhausted.

"What nonsense! How can I leave you alone? We agreed, let's go to Longyuan Town together, and find Qin Feng, and let him avenge us! Help us take back that mission order!"

It turned out that these two were challengers in the fourth area, from the Dragon Country.

The mission order in William's hands was snatched from their village chief.

For this, William also killed their village chief.

The two of them were considered strong men in the village, and they were clever enough to escape by chance.

"Cao Yuan, I'll carry you!"

"Don't! Don't! This jungle is full of dangers! If you do this, we will all die. You should go alone, I can't drag you down any more. Remember, find Qin Feng, and you go and ask him to avenge us. If I If you die, it's also William's fault!"CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

When it comes to William, Cao Yuan's eyes are full of hatred.

Those western white skins, Sakurajima, and sticks are too shameless.

At the beginning, under the guise of the alliance, they agreed to fight against the guardian forces together, but in order to grab the mission order, they actually started against the people of the Dragon Kingdom.

Such perfidy, that group of dogs can do it.

"Don't worry! This revenge must be avenged! However, we still don't know where Qin Feng is. We are rushing around now, that is, we want to rely on luck. At this stage, you and I are dependent on each other, how can I leave You don't care?"

As soon as the words fell, Wei Tao was going to carry Cao Yuan on his back.

Swish! Swish!

It was at this moment that there were two rapid piercing sounds in the sky.

The two of them were startled and hurriedly retreated into the bushes beside them.

They are both too weak.

Even if they were once the top powerhouses in their villages, their comprehensive strength only reached the threshold of the prefecture-level realm.

In this dangerous jungle, there is not much self-protection ability.

Therefore, as long as there is any trouble, they will hide for the first time.

But just as Cao Yuan and the two dared to hide, there was a screeching sound above their heads.

"Hey! Patriarch, there are two people below!"

"Well, go have a look!"

Swish! Swish!

In the next second, two piercing sounds came directly towards the direction where Cao Yuan and the two were hiding.

Cao Yuan was terrified, and quickly looked out through the gap in the leaves, and saw an old man in a golden robe and an old man with a hook nose, descending from the sky

That was the Hao Ri and the two who were passing by.

Chapter 420 Ninth-Order Middle Grade! God's Blade!

In just a moment, Hao Ri and the two descended above the bushes.

"You two don't have to hide!"

call!

Hao Kun waved his hand casually, and countless strong winds swept wildly.

click! click! click!

There was a sound of branches and leaves breaking, and the bush was swept away by the strong wind, revealing the two figures of Cao Yuan.

The two of Cao Yuan were terrified and retreated.

"Hey! Challenger!"

Hao Kun could tell the details of the two at a glance.

Hao Ri's eyes also lit up.

"escape!"

The two of Cao Yuan exclaimed, turned and fled.

"Humph!"

But at this moment, Hao Kun snorted coldly and exuded supreme power, which instantly enveloped the two of them.

Cao Yuan and the two were immediately suppressed by Tianwei and could not move.

OMG!

This is a heavenly powerhouse!

It's over!

Cao Yuan and the two looked at Hao Kun in horror.

This is the first time they have seen a heavenly powerhouse!

In their minds, the Heaven-level powerhouse is an invincible existence!

"Patriarch, these two guys are actually challengers, what should I do?"

Hao Kun looked at Hao Ri respectfully.

Cao Yuan's eyes widened again in horror.

Oh my God!

They thought that the hooked-nosed old man was already an extremely terrifying existence.

Unexpectedly, the golden-robed old man next to him was even more powerful, and he was actually the leader of the eagle-nosed old man.

That must also be a heaven-level powerhouse, and its strength is stronger!

Thinking of this, Cao Yuan's heart sank.

Afterwards, they probed towards Hao Kun and the others.

At this time, the faces of the two of them turned pale.

OMG!

These two guys are people of mysterious forces.

The mysterious forces are a hundred times more terrifying than the guardian forces.

What's even more terrifying is that the golden-robed old man in front of him is actually the leader of a mysterious force.

You must know that the leaders of the ten mysterious forces are definitely the top group of powerhouses in this division.

This time it's a complete bullshit!

Cao Yuan's eyes showed despair!

At this moment, Hao Ri stroked his chin and beard and spoke lightly.

"It's a rest period now! If we kill these two people, we will be deducted 2,000 points, which is not worth it at all!"

Speaking of which, Hao Ri looked embarrassed.

Hao Kun can understand the feelings of the patriarch very well.

If it weren't for the rest period, the patriarch would have run over these two people with one finger.

The two challengers who were not even in the prefecture-level realm were like ants in their eyes.

At the moment, Hao Kun agreed.

"Patriarch, these two boys are not Qin Feng. If you kill them, you will be deducted points, which is really not worth it. However, we can capture them alive. After the second round starts, if you kill them again, you will get a lot of points. already."

Hao Ri frowned: "Elder Kun, isn't this too much trouble? There are only two challengers at the human level, and there are not many points for killing them."

"The meaning of this deity is to throw the two of them into a beast's lair and let the beasts eat them. In this way, these small hidden dangers can be removed, and points will not be deducted by heaven."

Hao Ri also expressed his thoughts.

Cao Yuan and the two felt their scalps go numb.

This kind of feeling of 'man is the knife and I am the fish' is too uncomfortable!

The cruelty of this killing world, at this moment, is bloodily reflected on them.

At this time, Hao Kun smiled slightly: "Patriarch, this is what this old man thinks. These two challengers appeared near the second area, and I don't know if they have anything to do with Qin Feng. We might as well capture them alive, maybe there is a big one behind. use."

"For example, use them as bait to lure Qin Feng out. If they have something to do with Qin Feng, then it can also make Qin Feng throw the mouse away. Even if it's useless in the end, it won't work until the second round starts. Late!"

Hao Ri's eyes lit up: "This method is feasible!"

Hao Kun rejoiced: "Patriarch, let's do it like this!"

As soon as the voice fell, Hao Kun pinched a seal in his hand.

Whoa!

Suddenly, a green vine sprang out from under the feet of Cao Yuan and the two of them, and quickly wrapped around them.

In just a moment, the two green vines tied their whole bodies, and they were strong, like two meat dumplings.

Even their mouths were stuffed tightly by two groups of leaves.

After doing this, Hao Kun mentioned the two of them one by one.

Hao Ri nodded in satisfaction: "Let's go!"

Immediately, the two took the two prisoners and flew towards the Thunder Clan's station.

In the air, Cao Yuan and Wei Tao were tied so tightly that they couldn't move at all.

They can only make eye contact.

Until this moment, they didn't know that Haori and the two were looking for Qin Feng to trouble them.

And the two of them went to take refuge with Qin Feng.

It's really the same way!

But fate is unpredictable

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the secret room.

Qin Feng is refining the 'Open Heaven Sword'.

hum!

At this moment, the Heaven-Opening Sword's spiritual light was shining brightly, cheering continuously in the sky, emitting waves of divine power fluctuations.

In the next second, the sword body wriggled, slowly contracted, and turned into a mass of fragments.

I saw that the fragment was covered with mysterious Dao lines, exuding the breath of ancient times.