Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

This is the 'Suppressing God'!

Qin Feng looked at the fetish in front of him with joy.

At this moment, he could sense that his soul body was spiritually connected to this divine artifact, and it resonated.

He finally refined this piece of divine artifact!

Just when this thought came to mind, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Congratulations on refining your first 'Heaven-Suppressing Artifact', you can borrow the divine power in this artifact for your own use! 】

call!

Sure enough!

Qin Feng thought about it!

hum!

The god-suppressing creature vibrated and cast a divine light into Qin Feng's body.

In the next second, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed.

In this way, one person and one thing complete the unity of human and machine.

In just an instant, Qin Feng's combat power increased by 10,000 stars.

He smiled happily.

It's really cool to have a 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact'.

Not only can the power of the divine object shelter the soul body and obtain the technique of infinite resurrection, but it can also increase the combat power of 10,000 stars.

With this feature, it has already surpassed the ability of ordinary weapons.

What's more, this divine artifact can change its shape arbitrarily according to the owner's needs, and become the weapon the owner needs.

When Qin Feng thought about it, the divine object in the air slowly deformed and elongated.

In just a moment, it turned into a long sword with a black handle and a white blade.

[Blade Against God: Ninth-Order Weapon (Lower Grade)]

[You need to master the law of opening the sky to control this blade.]

[Blade against God: The power of the law of opening the sky has a 100% increase effect. 】

After the weapon reaches the ninth rank, there will be low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade and so on.

Like the Sky-Opening Sword and the Blood Moon Scimitar, they all belong to the ninth-order low-grade.

The same is true of the Blade of the God-defying God.

Qin Feng was very satisfied with this.

Then, as soon as he stretched out his hand, the divine blade automatically fell into his hand.

He held the handle of the knife and waved it a few times, feeling very handy.

This God-defying blade was transformed into a divine object based on Qin Feng's needs.

After the first illusion is successful, it will be the illusion form in the future.

"This refining process went better than I imagined!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and the blade of God-defying God in his hand turned into a golden light that flew into his eyebrows and disappeared.

Heaven-suppressing fetishes are to be cultivated in the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

If you continue to practice for a long time, it will become a weapon of life.

After doing this, Qin Feng took out another machete, which was Xue Shura's 'Blood Moon machete.

With the first experience, this time he directly broke the blood and blood and dripped it to the scimitar

hum!

The next second, the machete vibrated!

Qin Feng hurriedly pressed his palm to the machete, released endless soul power, penetrated into it, and began to refine it.

Suddenly, the machete vibrated more and more excitedly, and the blade body gradually burst into a dazzling aura.

It is being forcibly refined by Qin Feng

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour has passed!

hum!

The Blood Moon Scimitar suddenly burst into light, sending out an incomparably happy cheer.

In the next second, it slowly shrank and changed back to the appearance of a divine object. It was covered with mysterious Dao lines, exuding an ancient aura.

[Congratulations on refining the second 'Heaven-Suppressing Artifact', you can borrow the divine power in this artifact for your own use! 】

The refining was successful again!

This time the refining was smoother and took less time.

Qin Feng was even more satisfied.

Afterwards, his mind moved, and a golden light flew out from his eyebrows, which was the God-defying blade.

As soon as the Anti-God's Blade appeared, the second piece of "Suppressing Heaven" flew over automatically and slowly melted into the Anti-God's Blade's body.

In a blink of an eye, the God-Defying Blade grew larger, and its aura soared.

Qin Feng curiously probed away

[Blade against God: ninth-order weapon (middle grade), first form. 】

[You need to master the law of opening the sky and the law of blood to control this blade]

[Blade Against God: The power of the Law of Heaven and the Law of Blood Dao has a 100% increase effect. 】

[Reminder: This blade is made from the fusion of two 'Suppressing Gods', and can have two illusion forms. 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

It turned out that the two 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifacts' could be automatically merged, and the quality of the weapons transformed from them was also promoted from the original ninth-rank low-grade to ninth-rank middle-grade.

"Hey! Are these two illusionary forms?"

At this time, Qin Feng noticed the last prompt message.

Seeing this, his mind moved slightly, and he silently controlled the God-Defying Blade.

In the next second, the God-Defying Blade will automatically twist and transform into a giant shield after a while.

[Shield of the God of War: Ninth-Order Armor (Middle Grade), the second form. 】

[You need to master the law of opening the sky and the law of blood to control this shield]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

It's amazing!

It seems that a divine object has an illusionary form.

After the fusion of the two divine objects, there are two illusionary forms.

The use of this weapon is really very wide!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more satisfied he became.

"By the way, after I get a divine artifact. In the state of human-machine integration, the combat power can be increased by 10,000 stars. Now that the two artifacts are combined into one, will it increase by 20,000 stars? What about the combat power?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The next second, as soon as he stretched out his hand, the God-Defying Shield changed back to the God-defying Sword and automatically fell into his hands.

The moment he grabbed the hilt, the blade exuded 4.5 endless divine light, blending into his body.

Suddenly, the human and the machine are one!

Qin Feng's momentum has soared all the way, and in a blink of an eye, it has skyrocketed by 25,000 stars, surpassing 20,000 stars.

Ha ha!

It turned out that the more divine artifacts obtained, the greater the increase in combat power.

Obtained two fetishes, the increase rate exceeded 20,000 stars!

This is too powerful!

Qin Feng finally figured out the situation and was overjoyed.

These are just two divine artifacts that brought him such great benefits.

What if three, four, five?

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more his eyes lit up, and his heart was hot.

such a pity!

The ten mysterious forces do not know his location, and he also does not know the location of those mysterious forces.

Apart from the Yaotian clan and the Blood Moon clan, he knew nothing about the positions of the other eight clans.

"What should I do? Can I get the third divine artifact?"

Qin Feng looked at the anti-god blade in his hand, and he was a little unfulfilled.

It would be great if I could get a third one.

Unfortunately, he currently has no clues to other mysterious forces.

Qin Feng sighed helplessly, released the unity of human and machine, and put the blade of God-defying God into the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

At this time, Haori and the others were grabbing two Dragon Kingdom prisoners and rushing to the Lei Clan station.

At this time, they were only two hundred miles away from the Thunder Clan's station.

Chapter 421 A powerful enemy strikes! Cast yourself in the net!

The Thunder Clan is stationed, and the Bing Ling clone is guarding.

Area 2 borders Area 1, Area 3, Area 4, and the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

The No. 1 area is already the base camp of Longyuan Town, and the various forces in it have been cleaned up, and there is no need for heavy guards.

Today, there are only a hundred people stationed at each station in the No. 1 area.

Then there are more than 60,000 prisoners, distributed in the major resource points in the No. 1 area, mining resources day and night, and managed by the Qi family.

Therefore, the key defense of Longyuan Town is in the second area.

The Nalei clan's residence borders the third area.

Therefore, Qin Feng left a thousand Longyuan disciples and Bingling clones at the Lei Clan residence.

The residence of the Ze people borders the No. 4 area, and Qin Feng arranged for a wooden avatar and a thousand children to stay behind.

Not to mention the Wind Clan's station, facing the east of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

In the sea to the east, there are two hidden dangers, the Yaotian Clan and the Blood Moon Clan.

Of course, Qin Feng will clean up these two hidden dangers in the next action.

At this moment, the Thunder Clan was stationed in a wooden house.

The Bing Ling clone suddenly opened his eyes from the meditation and looked up in the direction of Area 3.

At this moment, his divine sense scanned it. Two hundred miles away, two old men were flying towards the Thunder Clan.

The speed of the two people was extremely fast, and they both reached the ninth level of heaven.

One of them was an aquiline-nosed old man, one in each hand, carrying two human-shaped objects.

Bing Ling was distracted by curiosity, and hurriedly looked at two things.

When he saw it, he was shocked.

It turned out that the thing was actually two human beings bound by vines.