Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Take a closer look at the appearance of the two people, the yellow skin, black eyes, and black hair are clearly the characteristics of the people of the Dragon Kingdom!

The Bing Ling clone frowned slightly.

In the next second, his figure flashed and he left the wooden house...𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At the same moment, zero-degree space, inside the secret room.

Qin Feng just finished synthesizing 17 treasure chests.

Today, he has two mythical treasure chests, an epic treasure chest, and several purple diamond treasure chests.

He was in a good mood when he saw the treasure chest in front of him.

At least, two mythical treasure chests can help him open two ninth-order treasures.

However, he did not intend to open the treasure chest now.

Because he still has two supreme synthesis cards in his hand, he can continue to combine two epic treasure chests.

After the treasure chests are all synthesized, he will open three epic treasure chests and two mythical treasure chests in one go, which will definitely make a lot of money.

After all, there is only one luck card, and it is extremely rare. He can't even buy it in the points mall, so he naturally has to use it with caution.

"Huh! This is?"

Suddenly, Qin Feng raised his head and looked towards the direction of the Wind Clan station.

He and the Bing Ling avatar are of the same mind, and everything that the Bing Ling avatar sees can be seen with his own eyes.

"Haha! Looking at this speed, both of them are above the ninth level of heaven! They are really powerful enemies!"

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he put away all the treasure chests in front of him.

In the next second, he turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

He can't wait to go to meet someone for a while now.

At this stage, the strength has reached the ninth level of heaven, and it is very likely that he is the leader of the mysterious force.

I wonder if one of these two is the patriarch of a mysterious force?

If there is, the third piece of heaven-suppressing artifact will be in hand!

When he thinks of the 'Suppressing God', Qin Feng's heart is full of fire.

He was worried that he couldn't find a new divine artifact, but he didn't expect that someone would take the initiative to bring it to his door so soon.

Of course, he didn't know whether the person who came was the patriarch of the mysterious force.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared out of thin air in another secret room.

Inside the house, a cute little doll opened her eyes from meditating with joy on her face.

This cute little doll is Xiao Luan'er.

She just refined another soul essence pill.

"Hey! Dad!"

When the little guy saw Qin Feng, his face was full of joy.

"Dad, is there going to be a war over the Yao clan?"

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "The Yao clan is not in a hurry, there are strong enemies from the Lei clan now, let's go and deal with them first!"

"Good!"

The little girl happily agreed, and hurriedly exuded aura all over her body, and suddenly reached 27,000 stars, which is already the seventh level of heaven!

This made Qin Feng's eyes light up and was quite gratified.

The little girl's strength has improved a lot.

This will be of great help to his next trip to the Holy Land.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng also exuded a whole body of momentum.

Today, his basic combat power is 112,000 stars, his foundation building power is 10,000 stars, and his comprehensive combat power has reached 122,000 stars.

Boo!

A phoenix cry!

Xiao Luan'er transformed into a golden flame bird!

In the next second, she melted into Qin Feng's body for a golden light...

click! click! click!

In just a moment, Qin Feng became a fit state with phoenix wings on his back, and his combat power soared to 139,000 stars in one fell swoop.

Afterwards, he summoned the Anti-God's Blade to complete the integration of human and machine, and the combat power soared by 25,000 stars again.

At this point, his combat power has skyrocketed to 164,000 stars in one fell swoop, and he is no longer out of reach from the demigod realm.

"Not bad!"

Qin Feng looked at himself with a smile.

This kind of strength progress made him very satisfied.

Of course, this is also his strongest state.

Next, he has to fight quickly!

Qin Fengyao looked towards the direction of the Lei Clan station.

In the next second, he disappeared out of thin air...

At the same time, Thunder Clan stationed in the sky.

The Bing Ling clone stood in the air, looking in the direction of Area 3 from afar.

He was waiting for Hao Ri to come.

Below, nearly a thousand disciples of Long Yuan who were left behind were alarmed, and looked up curiously one by one.

"Strange! What is the boss looking at?"

"I do not know!"

The crowd kept muttering.

At this moment, a white light flashed next to the Bing Ling clone, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

Everyone was even more surprised.

Before they could think about it, there were two rapid piercing sounds in the distance.

Everyone followed the sound and saw two old men, flying towards the Lei Clan's residence.

The speed of the two old men was extremely fast, and they suddenly reached the ninth level of heaven.

Everyone was nervous and stopped to watch.

The nine-layer powerhouse is coming, so don't take it lightly!

What made them a little puzzled was that one of the old men seemed to have two people in their hands.

Those two old men are naturally Hao Ri...

At the same time, Haori and the two also looked towards the Thunder Clan's residence.

They could see from a distance that Qin Feng and Bing Ling's clones were standing in the air, as if waiting for them...

Taking a closer look, Qin Feng and Bingling's clones look exactly the same.

The only difference is that one person has phoenix wings on his back, and the other doesn't.

"Hey! Patriarch, these two don't look like people from the Thunder Clan!"

Hao Kun looked puzzled.

"Yeah! By the way, Mr. Kun, look at the two people with yellow skin and black hair, are they very similar to the two people in your hands?"

Hao Ri seemed to have discovered something.

Hao Kun's eyes lit up: "Yes! Are those two guys also challengers?"

"Go! Take a closer look!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two of them accelerated towards Qin Feng.

The distance is too far, they can't detect Qin Feng's details, they must be close to detect...

In fact, the two were both surprised and happy at the moment.

Surprisingly, this is clearly the residence of the Thunder Clan, why did they change Qin Feng and others?

The good news is that the two boys in front are likely to be challengers. Their hopes of finding Qin Feng have greatly increased!

If you can find Qin Feng at once, you will be very lucky.

The more they thought about it, the more excited they became, and the speed increased by one point.

At the same time, Cao Yuan and Wei Tao, who were bound, also heard their conversation.

They looked up desperately and saw Qin Feng and Mu Ling's clones.

Seeing this, the two of them were surprised.

The two handsome guys in front of them look like they are from the Dragon Kingdom!

They were very excited to see the people of the Dragon Kingdom in this perilous place.

But then, they thought that Haori and the two were heaven-level powerhouses from mysterious forces.

These guys kill without blinking an eye!

The two handsome guys in front don't know it yet!

not good!

Those two handsome guys are in danger!

Thinking of this, Cao Yuan and the two were in a hurry.

"Woo! Woo! Woo!"

At the moment, the two struggled desperately, making a 'woo woo' sound in their mouths, and kept winking at Qin Feng.

They wanted to tell Qin Feng and Mu Ling's clones to escape quickly.

Otherwise, you will die!

"Hey! Be honest!"

Hao Kun frowned.

He saw the small movements of the two of Cao Yuan, and immediately gave a sharp warning.

Then, he whispered in Hao Ri's ear.

"Patriarch, look at the panicked look of these two boys, and keep winking at the two boys in front. It seems that they should be a group."

Hao Ri smiled: "This is a good thing! It means that the two boys in front are also challengers. Mr. Kun, we have a good luck this time!"

"Haha! My subordinates think so too!"

The two of them smirked smugly as they approached quickly.

When Cao Yuan heard the conversation between the two, their hearts became even more anxious.

They still winked at Qin Feng desperately, but Qin Feng didn't seem to see it.

It drives them crazy!

That guy is not running now, it will be too late in a while!

Why!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides were thousands of feet apart.

At this time, Hao Ri and the two could finally spy.

"It really is a challenger!"

"Oh! These two are only at the Earth-level realm!"