Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Before his strength increased, his speed was comparable to that of the elephant king.

Now, his strength has soared, and his speed is one step faster than the elephant king.

He threw away the elephant king at once, and entered the elephant herd, and suddenly he entered the sheep like a wolf, and started killing!

Suddenly, the entire elephant group became extremely flustered, fled everywhere, and unknowingly separated the elephant king and Qin Feng.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

...

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng killed several giant elephants in a row, and the energy value soared up!

Ha ha!

Cool!

So cool!

Qin Feng couldn't stop laughing.

He was deliberately not going to fight the elephant king.

Although his current strength, there is a chance to kill the elephant king.

But if this group of elephants is not eliminated, the elephant king will have a chance to escape.

After all, the elephant king is clever, and if it finds that something is not right, it can order the elephant group to trap him and escape alone.

At that time, he may not be able to kill the elephant king.

Therefore, if he really wants to kill the elephant king, he must first eliminate this hidden danger.

Let’s analyze it from another angle. If he kills the elephant king first, he will then deal with the elephant herd.

Even if he succeeded in killing the elephant king, the elephants would flee everywhere because the dragons had no leader.

At that time, he will not be able to kill a few giant elephants, and miss an opportunity to harvest the beast.

Unlike now, the elephants have been revolving around the elephant king.

If the elephant king does not die, they will not escape.

This just gave Qin Feng the opportunity to harvest these ferocious beasts.

A hundred giant elephants!

If he went looking for them one by one, he still didn't know when the horses and moons would be able to gather a hundred heads.

Ha ha!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Chance!

This is a great opportunity!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

At this moment, he shuttled back and forth among the elephants like lightning, slashing wildly with his long sword...

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Suddenly, blood and fire are intertwined in the field!

The terrifying roar of the beast kept screaming!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

...

In this way, Qin Feng happily harvested the energy of one beast after another...

At the same time, No. 446 Novice Village.

In the level 8 vicious beast area, in a mountain forest.

A man with a majestic figure and a beard holding a machete stood in place.

He is Amir!

No. 446 Novice Village, is regarded as a god-like man, known as the ascetic who opened the tenth door, and his strength is extremely powerful.

But at this moment, his eyes were blank, and he looked at the sky in disbelief.

He lost!

He actually lost!

He couldn't believe this fact at all!

Just now, a black beam of light fell from the sky and landed on him, deducting 40 of his attributes.

As a gambling promoter, his punishment is doubled.

At this moment, the chat channel is already mourning.

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, there was another earth-shattering movement.

Then, the earth shook and the crust cracked.

Amir saw in horror that the forest in front of him had disappeared in pieces.

He knew that this was the halving of the resources of Village No. 446.

This time, in their chat channel, the wailing became louder, and the three of them collapsed one by one.

"It's over! It's over! Lord Amir! We... our village's resources have been halved!"

A desperate voice sounded behind Amir.

The person who spoke was his most loyal follower, Salman.

"Damn it! Damn it! We lost to the Dragon Kingdom!"

Amir growled, his heart extremely unwilling.

"Lord Amir! It's Qin Feng! It's Qin Feng from Village No. 911 who is the first to rise to level 8!"

Arman said this unconsciously.

Amir was angry: "Qin Feng! This nasty dragon countryman! This **** sick man from the East, how could he win against me?"

Just as the two of them were talking, countless forests, trees, exotic flowers, and beasts in Village No. 446 disappeared out of thin air, and a lot of resources were lost...

In their chat channel, weeping.

There are only six days left for the seven-day novice assessment.

There are still many people stuck below level 2 in village 446.

At this moment, they have lost half of their resources, which is equivalent to falling into an assessment crisis!

"Lord Amir, it's over! It's over! In the chat channel, many people have collapsed! We have lost half of our resources, and many of us will not pass the novice assessment!"

Salman wailed.

He knew in his heart that if he could not pass the novice assessment, what he was waiting for was to be obliterated by Heaven, which would be permanent destruction.

Hearing this, Amir felt a deep self-blame in his heart.

"It's all to blame for those damned people of the Dragon Kingdom! We can't let them be arrogant! We must never make them feel better! Revenge! We want revenge!"

Amir's eyes were red.

"Lord Amir, how to take revenge?"

"Go to the regional channel and ask those allies for help! Among them are novice villages that are much stronger than us! They will definitely be able to avenge us!"

"Yes! Why didn't I think of it!"

Salman's eyes lit up immediately.

The next second, he switched to the regional channel and went to his allies to help with revenge...

Chapter 56: Terrifying strength, shock the area! (5 more)

At this moment, in the regional chat channel, there has been a lot of noise.

The Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country, Asan Kingdom, Fuluo Country, Kangaroo Country, Nanbang Country, etc., are all mocking the people of the Dragon Country.

The people of Longguo from Village No. 34 and Village No. 77 are all fighting for it and scolding those dogs.

Three hours have passed since the bet between Village 911 and Village 446 began.

In the past three hours, eight more novice villages have opened regional channels, and one of them is the novice village of Longguo people, which is Village No. 77.

At this moment, a person from the Dragon Kingdom No. 34 expressed his opinion angrily.

Village No. 34: "You hateful fellows, the results haven't come out yet, don't be too happy!"

"Oh! Little cutie from Village No. 34! Don't be stubborn, it won't take long for you to feel hopeless. Village No. 911 will be the same as your Village No. 34, and will lose half of its resources! Haha!!"

"Bagga! The strength of Amir's strong man can be ranked in the top ten in our No. 1 area. With his shot, Village No. 911 will definitely die! Gaga!"

"Assie! The one upstairs is so right! Smecta!"

"Oh! My God! You are telling such cruel truths! The little cuties in Village 34 can't stand it! Haha!"

Village No. 77: "It's weird! The bet hasn't ended yet, how can you be sure that Village No. 911 will lose? I don't know how confident you are! Don't underestimate the potential of our Longguo people!"

A native of Longguo from Village No. 77 also went into a frenzy.

"Axi! In addition to stealing the culture of our Nanbang country, the people of Longguo also steal the kimchi technology of our Nanbang country. They have no potential! Smecta!"

"Oh! Little cutie from Village No. 77! It seems that you can't wait any longer. Don't worry, after Village No. 911 loses, it will be your turn!"

"We will send a village to bet with you, so that you also lose attributes and resources!"

"This idea is great! God will be happy to see that we beat all these sick men of the Dragon Country to the ground! Haha!!"

Hearing this, the people of Longguo were all furious.

These dog things are nasty!

Especially the dog things of the lighthouse country, who are always sick and mocking the people of Longguo.

Village No. 77: "Sick man, your old mother! You Bei ugly plague man! Your home is plagued with plagues and countless casualties. What are you proud of?"

Village No. 34: "Wait for the end of the bet. If we the people of Longguo win, what else do you have to say?"

But as soon as these words fell, an Asan jumped out to refute.

"You sick men of the Dragon Kingdom, it is a fool's dream to actually want to win our Sanguo!"

But just after he finished speaking, Salman entered the regional channel, and his avatar jumped quickly.

Salman (446): "Losing! Losing! We lost the bet! Woo~! Woo~!"

Boom~!

When the words came out, the audience was shocked!

Fuck it~!

lost?

Oh my God!

The powerful Amir lost to the people of the Dragon Kingdom?

how can that be? !

Boom~!

In the next second, the chat channel was fried.