Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In just a moment, they spied out the details of Qin Feng.

At the moment, Hao Ri and the two laughed.

If you can find a challenger here, it is probably not difficult to find Qin Feng again.

Besides, the two prefecture-level challengers didn't pay attention to them at all.

They did not expect that the two in front of them were Qin Feng.

As for Cao Yuan and Wei Tao, they were almost desperate at this moment.

They looked at Qin Feng eagerly, and signaled Qin Feng to escape with their eyes, but the guy just didn't see it.

Why!

They have tried their best!

This is life!

The two sighed helplessly in their hearts!

At the same time, Qin Feng was also looking at Haoyang.

At this moment, he has spied on it.

The two old men in front of them were both strong men from the Haoyang Clan.

The Haoyang Clan ranks eighth among the top ten mysterious forces, ranking above the Blood Moon Clan.

He was worried that he could not find the other party, but he didn't expect them to come to the door on his own initiative.

Qin Feng's eyes fell on Hao Ri.

He has already spied on it, the golden-robed old man in front of him is the Haoyang Patriarch, and he must have a divine object on his body.

This time, he is going to make a lot of money!

However, how did these two find two people from the Dragon Kingdom?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the two of Cao Yuan again.

The two of them looked like they were from the Dragon Kingdom, and along the way, they frequently winked at themselves and told him to escape.

It can be seen from this point that these two guys are definitely compatriots of the Dragon Kingdom.

In exchange for Sakurajima and the stick, I am afraid that I would have been gloating long ago.

Seeing Cao Yuan's frequent warnings, Qin Feng's first impression of them was not bad.

However, these two guys underestimated him too.

With his current strength, does he need to escape when he sees Hao Ri?

Not to mention Hao Ri and the two, even if they are the powerhouses at the threshold of the demigod realm, they may not be able to do anything to him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at Haori again.

At this moment, the two sides are about three hundred feet apart.

Hao Ri and the two finally stopped.

Chapter 422 The Law of Life! Infinite fission!

At this moment, the two sides are about three hundred feet apart.

Hao Ri and the two finally stopped.

"Hey! Look at that person is still holding two people in his hands!"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Yes! It looks like our Dragon Country compatriots!"

At this moment, the disciples of Long Yuan below also saw the two of Cao Yuan, and they kept muttering one by one.

In the air, Hao Ri and the two also saw the crowd below, there were nearly a thousand.

They were instantly happy!

Obviously, they have found a nest of challenge forces.

Maybe this is Qin Feng's lair.

And Cao Yuan and the two were even more collapsed when they heard everyone's comments.

They thought that there were only two people from the Dragon Kingdom, Qin Feng.

Unexpectedly, there are thousands of Dragon Country compatriots below!

Poor compatriots don't know that the two old thieves who caught them are both terrifying heaven-level powerhouses!

This time, I don't know how many compatriots will suffer!

Speaking of which, the two guys on the opposite side are too ingenious!

Cao Yuan and the two looked at Qin Feng and Mu Ling's avatars with resentment.

Both of their eyes were sore, but these two guys seemed to be ignoring them, and they were about to cry with anger!

Why!

This is really life!

The two of Cao Yuan are completely desperate!

At this moment, Hao Kun carried Cao Yuan and the two forward and looked at Qin Feng proudly.

"Boy! These two guys are your clansmen, right?! If you don't want them to die, hurry up and call Qin Feng out! Otherwise, the old man will crush them now!"

Hao Kun held up the two of Cao Yuan, his expression extremely ferocious.

As soon as these words fell, there was an uproar below!

Damn it!

That old fellow threatened their boss with the lives of his compatriots,

This made everyone angry!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

In the next second, everyone jumped into the air.

In a blink of an eye, thousands of people flew into the air and came behind Qin Feng.

Hao Ri and the two were stunned!

Only those in the prefecture-level realm can fly in the sky.

No way? !

These thousand or so challengers were all prefecture-level powerhouses.

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they would have thought they had encountered a mysterious force.

Only the disciples of the mysterious forces can all have the strength above the prefecture-level realm, and the guardian forces can't do it at all.

When did the challenge force become so strong?

This time, Hao Ri and the two were a little surprised.

The two of Cao Yuan were even more dumbfounded, their eyes staring at the boss!

What the hell!

These compatriots are all at the prefecture level!

Omg!

They don't have dazzling eyes, do they?

Before they could think about it, Hao Ri recovered from the shock.

The two still had disdain on their faces.

It's only a thousand or so prefecture-level realms, and in front of a strong person like them, it is still not worth mentioning.

"Heh! With just a thousand of you, this old man can easily kill him! If you are a little more knowledgeable, call Qin Feng to come out! If not, don't blame the old man for killing chickens and warning monkeys!"

As soon as the words fell, Hao Kun's mind moved.

click! click! click!

In the next second, the green vines that bound Cao Yuan and the two grew automatically, wrapping around their necks, wrapping them tightly around their necks.

Directly entangled Cao Yuan and the two of them could not breathe, their faces turned purple, and they seemed to be strangled to death in the next second.

Everyone in Long Yuan exclaimed in surprise!

Qin Feng also frowned.

Hao Kun looked proud: "Boy! If you don't want to see them die, just ask Qin Feng to come out!"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "As you wish!"

call out!

As soon as the voice fell, he disappeared out of thin air.

Hao Kun was taken aback.

Swish!

At this moment, Qin Feng appeared behind him out of thin air.

"court death!"

Hao Kun is furious!

This little thief actually mastered teleportation and wanted to sneak attack him through teleportation.

It's just a prefecture-level realm!

It's ridiculous to want to sneak attack on a heavenly ninth-level powerhouse like him!

However, he was too late to avoid it.

hum!

At a critical moment, he held up a protective mask.

He was confident that his protective mask could easily block Qin Feng's sneak attack.

At the same time, as soon as he thought about it, he wanted to control Qingteng and strangle Cao Yuan and the two.

That kid dared to sneak attack, did he think he would not kill anyone?

This time, he will kill the two of Cao Yuan and show them to these challengers!

An existence like him is not afraid of being deducted 2000 points!

With this in mind, he will control Qingteng.

At that time, Qin Feng seemed to have known his thoughts for a long time, and the soul-destroying pupil was activated instantly, and a soul thorn attack was fired.

boom!

In just a split second, that soul thorn slammed into Hao Kun's sea of ​​consciousness, directly slamming it into shock.

Hao Kun's body trembled suddenly, and he lost his mind for a moment. He even bleeds from his nose and mouth. Naturally, it was impossible to manipulate Qingteng to kill.

Today's Qin Feng, the strength of his soul body has reached the limit of heaven, and his soul power attack is also extremely terrifying.

With this blow, he had severely damaged Hao Kun's soul body.

Swish!

The next second, he slashed towards Hao Kun's back.

"Damn!"

Hao Ri is horrified!

He could see at a glance that Hao Kun was distracted and hurried to save him.

boom!

At that moment, he punched Qin Feng directly, and the monstrous fist storm surged, suddenly reaching 1 billion stars, and the momentum was shocking!