Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Swish!

But at this moment, the Bing Ling clone also slashed away with a sword, blocking a punch towards Hao Ri!

That sword contains five S-level attack laws, such as the law of opening the sky, the law of killing, the law of destruction, the law of extreme sun, and the law of blood, and it is extremely powerful!

In the blink of an eye, fists and swords collided!

boom!

A loud bang!

Bing Lingfen was shaken back thousands of feet.

But that sword also blocked Hao Ri's punch.

With the improvement of Qin Feng's strength, the combat power of his clone has reached the threshold of the peak of the sky.

In this way, the ice spirit clone can block Hao Ri's punch!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

At the same moment, Qin Feng split Hao Kun in half with one knife.

That Haokun didn't even have time to let out a scream, he was instantly killed on the spot, and the body rolled over and fell.

Cao Yuan and Wei Tao also followed, tumbling down from the air.

At this moment, a group of Long Yuan disciples rushed over and caught them both.

So far, the two have been rescued!

At the same time, a dazzling white light flew from below and poured into Qin Feng's body

[Killing the Hidden One (Ninth Heaven Stage Early Stage) successfully, you will get +30,000 attribute points]

[Killing the Hidden One (Ninth Heavenly Stage Early Stage) successfully, you will get +20 million energy points]

[Killing the Hidden One (Nine-level Heavenly Stage Early Stage) successfully, you will get +4000 points. 】

"Elder Kun!"

Hao Ri is sad!

The sound shook for nine days!

At this moment, he was furious.

His chief grand elder was beheaded by Qin Feng like this.

In an instant, monstrous anger surged into my heart.

hum!

In the next second, his whole body glowed with golden light, and a cyan spear flew out of his body.

Hao Ri grabbed the long spear, and instantly the human and the machine became one, and the momentum soared to 120,000 stars, reaching the limit of the peak of the sky.

Qin Feng couldn't help but aim at the long spear...

[Tengyun Gun: A ninth-order weapon (low-grade), which is transformed from a divine object. 】

[You need to master the S-level law of life to control this weapon.]

[Reminder: Only the challenger and the children of the Haoyang clan can refine it. 】

That long spear was indeed transformed by the **** of heaven!

Qin Feng was surprised.

"Little thief! Die!"

At this moment, Hao Ri roared towards Qin Feng.

He wants to kill this little thief and avenge the elder Hao Kun.

In the blink of an eye, he came close and stabbed Qin Feng in the chest with a single shot.

Boom!

That shot stabbed, thousands of miles of space, shaking.

Swish!

Qin Feng slashed straight away!

God's Blade! Kill God!

That knife slashed away, the situation changed, the sun and the moon were dull!

In the blink of an eye, swords and guns collided!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

when!

A sound of gold and iron!

Qin Feng slashed the Tengyun spear with one knife, and the castration remained unabated, and continued to chop down!

Click!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashed again!

That knife split Hao Ri in half!

hum!

In the next second, the golden light of the Tengyun gun was released, and the divine light shrouded down, and Hao Ri was about to be resurrected.

But at this moment, Bing Ling's clone dodged, rushed over and grabbed the Tengyun gun.

In the next second, the red light in his hand shone brightly, and his Soul Dao talent was activated, forcibly cutting off the connection between Tengyun Gun and Hao Ri.

As long as the connection is cut off, Hao Ri has no way to use the 'Suppressing God' to resurrect.

Roar!

In the void, Hao Ri's roar sounded!

It was the roar from his soul!

The method of Bing Ling's clone was really effective, and it actually cut off the soul connection between Tengyun Gun and Hao Rijian.

For a while, Hao Ri couldn't use the "Suppressing Heavenly Artifact" to resurrect, causing his soul body to roar.

Qin Feng is also overjoyed!

But in the next second, a mutation will occur.

I saw Hao Ri's corpse, which was split in half, glowing with a strange blue light.

The next second, the two halves of the corpses turned into two Hao Ri, and then fled in two directions, one left and one right.

Qin Feng was stunned!

Weird!

That Hao Ri was split in half, not only did not die, but also became two.

"Boss, that guy is going to escape!"

Everyone in Long Yuan shouted anxiously.

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he displayed his body of two poles, which was divided into two parts.

In the next second, the body of light chased and killed Hao Ri on the left.

The body of darkness chased and killed Hao Ri on the right.

And the cold clone is forcibly imprisoning the 'Tengyun Gun', unable to pursue and kill.

In the blink of an eye, the body of light caught up with Hao Ri on the left and slashed away.

Click!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Hao Ri on the left was split in half again.

In the next second, something weird happened again.

The Hao Ri, which was split in two, turned into two again, and ran away again one left and one right.

The body of light was stunned!

He can feel that these two Hao Ri are the main body, not the clone.

At this moment, the body of darkness also caught up with Hao Ri on the right and split it in half.

But that turned into two halves of Hao Sun, then turned into two complete Hao Sun again, and then split into two directions to escape...

At this moment, one Hao Ri became four, and each of them was the main body, and they escaped in four directions.

It looks like he can't be killed!

It will only kill more and more!

The only thing that changes is that every time he splits into two, his strength drops a bit.

Today, the strength of the four Hao Ri is only at the mid-ninth level.

But Qin Feng is a bit lacking in avatars, and he doesn't know which one to pursue.

What's more terrifying is that he doesn't know if he will kill like this, it will become countless bright suns, and he will never be killed.

Just when Qin Feng hesitated, Haori's sneer came from the front.

"Little thief! This deity has the S-level life law! You can't break the infinite fission of this deity! This deity can never be killed! When the deity escapes back, you will be dead!"

"This deity knows that you are Qin Feng! I will tell all the mysterious forces about your location! Just wait to die!!"

Haori's wild laughter echoed in the air!

That laughter was full of endless hatred!

Everyone in Longyuan was stunned!

It was the first time they had seen that such a terrifying talent seemed to be unable to kill, but would kill more and more.

If this goes on, Hao Ri will definitely be able to escape!

But when Hao Ri escapes back and exposes the boss's position, the boss will be in trouble.

At this thought, everyone became anxious.

Qin Feng also frowned.

But in the next second, he sneered: "Humph! Do you really think I can't kill you? Then you should be optimistic!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand, and the phantom avatar and the wood spirit avatar all appeared.

Afterwards, the body of light, the body of darkness, the phantom avatar, and the avatar of wood chased and killed each of the four Hao Suns.

He thought of a solution to Hao Ri

The four hundred and twentieth chapters are all lore! Harvest again and again!

In the blink of an eye, the body of light caught up with the first Hao Sun.

At this moment, the fighting power of the four Hao Ris has plummeted to the ninth-level mid-level, where they cannot escape the pursuit of the body of light.

Hearing the wind blowing from the back of his head, the first Hao Ri hurriedly turned around and roared arrogantly.

"Little thief! I advise you not to waste your efforts! You can't kill the deity! You!"

call out!

Before the words were finished, the eyes of the body of light lit up with silver light, and the soul-destroying pupil instantly activated.

boom!