Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

An invisible soul thorn slammed into Hao Ri's soul body!

"what!"

Hao Ri screamed suddenly, his ears and nose bleed, and his body staggered, and then he fell down.

It turned out that Hao Ri's infinite fission could be split indefinitely.

Each of the splits belongs to the ontology, and as long as one survives, he can survive.

This is his proud trump card!

In Hao Ri's view, with this trump card, he is almost immortal.

But this skill has a flaw, that is, every fission, the individual soul will be weakened.

Just like this Hao Ri in front of him, the strength of the soul body is only in the middle stage of the ninth layer, how can it resist Qin Feng's soul thorn attack.

Just when Hao Ri's soul body was injured and dizzy.

Qin Feng dodged and reached the sky above Hao Ri's head. He waved his palm away, and the palm of his hand kept releasing the burning golden flames, shrouding Hao Ri.

Boom boom boom!

The monstrous golden flames turned into a sea of ​​flames, engulfing Hao Ri in an instant.

"Ah! Ah! Ah!"

In the flames, Hao Ri's shrill screams suddenly came!

That cry is full of endless fear!

This little thief is too smart!

Suddenly he discovered another weakness of his.

That is, Hao Ri is not afraid of physical attacks, but is very afraid of elemental attacks, such as the flames in front of him.

That could turn him to ashes and invalidate his endless fission.

However, it is not so easy to burn him to death.

hum!

In the next second, Hao Ri's whole body lit up with a dazzling blue light.

S-class life law talent!

Fully activated!

Hao Ri's scorched whole body was repairing at a speed visible to the naked eye in the terrifying sea of ​​fire.

The recovery speed is a hundred times faster than the Law of Wood, which is extremely terrifying.

In an instant, Fentian Jinyan's burning speed to Hao Ri and its recovery speed reached a state of balance.

As a result, the two sides entered a stalemate.

The body of light sneered, his eyes flashed with silver light, and the soul-destroying pupil was activated again

call out!

boom!

"what!"

A shrill scream came from the sea of ​​fire again.

Hao Ri was bombarded so that his soul body shook, and he lost his mind for a moment, and the display of the law of life came to a halt.

But the burning golden flame of the body of light is still burning it...

After a while, Hao Ri recovered, most of his body was scorched, and endless pain struck instantly.

He hurriedly used the law of life to heal, and at the same time cried out loudly...

"Qin....Lord Qin Feng! I was wrong! Little old man was wrong! Forgive me! Forgive me!"

At this moment, Hao Ri actually begged for mercy.

He was completely panicked!

Because Qin Feng has mastered all his weaknesses, he will die if he goes on like this...

"Forgive your life! Lord Qin Feng spare your life!"

Howling!

The sound echoed in the air!

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it, and the soul-destroying pupil was activated again, directly hitting back with a soul-killing thorn...

"what!"

Haori screamed again, the law of life was interrupted again, Qin Feng took the opportunity to burn it wildly...

Suddenly, in the sea of ​​​​fire, shrill screams and begging for mercy continued.

Not far away, everyone in Long Yuan was shocked.

On the square, Cao Yuan and the others were rescued by Long Yuan.

At this moment, they stared blankly at the scene in front of them, and they were completely stunned!

Oh my God!

This Qin Feng is too powerful!

Far beyond their imagination!

That Hao Ri is the leader of a mysterious force!

He was so brutally abused by Qin Feng, which shocked them!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The impact of this picture is too great!

It didn't take long for the screams to stop abruptly, and the first Hao Sun was turned into ashes by the ontology of light.

Immediately afterwards, the second Hao Sun was also reduced to ashes by the dark body.

Then, the two main bodies of light and darkness, teleported to the side of the mirage, and helped it turn the third Hao Ri into ashes.

At this point, there was only the last Hao Sun left in the field, trapped in the sea of ​​​​fire by the wood spirit clone.

Seeing that the three fission bodies were killed, the last Hao Ri was completely panicked.

But his strength is not the opponent of the wood spirit clone, and it is impossible to escape from the sea of ​​​​fire.

At this moment, while he was using the power of the law of life to support, he actually knelt down in the sea of ​​​​fire, and desperately kowtowed to the wood spirit clone.

"Forgive your life! Lord Qin Feng! Forgive your life! I was wrong! The little old man was really wrong! I will never dare to violate your Longyuan Town again! Please let me go!"

At that moment, he burst into tears and his tone was sad.

But in the eyes of everyone in Long Yuan, they all shook their heads silently in their hearts.

Ha ha!

Just like Hao Ri's greed for life and fear of death, he is really ashamed to be the leader of the party!

The wood spirit clone naturally ignored Hao Ri's begging for mercy, and continued to attack with Soul Extinguishing Eye and Fentian Golden Flame...

Suddenly, there were screams in the sea of ​​​​fire!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, next to Mu Ling's clone, white light flashed.

The main body of light, the main body of darkness, and the phantom clone appeared out of thin air at the same time.

As soon as these three appeared, they simultaneously launched a soul-killing attack on Hao Ri...

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

Three consecutive soul thorns ferociously bombarded Hao Ri's soul body...

puff!

A blast!

It's like popping a balloon!

Hao Ri's soul body finally reached its limit and was bombed on the spot, and then the soul flew into annihilation.

In the next second, a charred corpse tumbled and fell from the sea of ​​fire...

Not far away, Tengyun Gun let out a whimper, and there was also a soft sound of 'puchi' within it, and then the spiritual light dimmed.

The Bing Ling clone also imprisoned the Tengyun gun, and obtained another 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact'.

Qin Feng also stopped at this moment, and the two main bodies of light and darkness merged into one.

At this moment, an extremely dazzling white light flew from below and poured into his body...

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak) successfully, you will get +60,000 attribute points]

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak) successfully, you will get +400 million energy points]

[Kill the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak) successfully, you will get +7000 points. 】

[Killing the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak) was successful, and a land deed card (the residence of the Hao Ri tribe) was released. 】

Really good!

If you kill a secret person at the peak of the sky, you will have 60,000 attribute points alone.

In addition to the gains from killing Hao Kun before, the accumulated attribute points will be 90,000.

As for points, that's more.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this.

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up on his body.

That means Xiao Luan'er has risen to level 30.

Qin Feng smiled and fell from the sky to the body of Hao Ri...

After he picked up the deed card and storage ring, he began to extract the body.

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired an S-level talent - the law of life! 】

[The talent of the law of life: It is composed of the law of A-level wood, the law of A-level light, and the law of A-level water. 】

[You have awakened the law of life (S-level), your lifespan limit has increased by 300 years, and the current limit is 900 years old. 】

[You have awakened the Law of Life (S-level), and the strength of all your clones has increased to 80% of the body. 】

Boom!

As soon as this prompt fell, Qin Feng's four avatars soared, reaching about 100,000 stars in a blink of an eye, a proper sky-level peak strength.

In the state of non-psychic integration and without the use of the anti-god blade, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power is 122,000 stars.

Eighty percent of its combat power, which is about 100,000 stars, is the strength of the four clones.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied.

This law of life is really powerful!

As soon as he woke up, the strength of the four clones greatly increased.

The upper limit of his lifespan has also reached 900 years old, which is almost the same as the realm of heaven.

Thinking about it, the law of life is a fusion of three A-level laws of wood, water, and light.

Most of the other S-level laws are the fusion of two A-level laws.

It can be seen that the power of the law of life is considered the top among S-level talents.

Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the eighth-order skill - Infinite Fission! 】

Got another Tier 8 skill!

Nice harvest!