Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this point, the extraction is complete!

Qin Feng waved his hand and released a golden flame, turning the charred corpse into ashes.

Afterwards, he walked over to Hao Kun's body and began to extract...

They got the seventh-order skill "Endless Vine Technique" and 100 points of agility.

This is also a small gain.

After doing this, the Bing Ling clone came over and handed over the 'Tengyun Gun'.

Qin Feng happily took it.

The third 'Suppressing God' has arrived.

If he refines, I don't know how much combat power will be increased this time?

When refining the first piece, an additional 10,000 star combat power will be added.

When refining the second piece, increase the combat power by 25,000 stars.

What about the third piece of refining?

Qin Feng was full of expectations.

However, he doesn't have time for refining now.

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked at the direction of Yunzhou Island.

The Moon Shadow clone has arrived at the Yao clan's lair, and it is time to destroy them and complete the double A-level mission.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the Tengyun gun.

At this moment, Cao Yuan and Wei Tao, surrounded by the crowd, came over.

Chapter 424 Windfall! Go to the Phoenix Clan!

When the two of Cao Yuan saw Qin Feng, they were trembling with fear, and their eyes were full of awe and infinite admiration.

Today, Qin Feng is a god-like existence in their eyes, and his majesty cannot be blasphemed.

"Cao Yuan (Wei Tao) has met Mayor Qin Feng!"

Cao Yuan and the two bowed cautiously, and their expressions were a little nervous.

Qin Feng looked calm: "Everyone is a compatriot of the Dragon Country, so don't be so nervous! By the way, which district are you from? How come you are here?"

Cao Yuan took a deep breath: "Boss Qin Feng, we were originally villagers in Yanhuang Village in District No. 4. But our village chief was harmed by the white skin of the West, so Wei Tao and I became refugees."

"After the first round of competition ended, we learned of the existence of you and Longyuan Town, and we wanted to rely on you. Unexpectedly, we met people from the Haoyang clan on the road and were captured alive by them."

Cao Yuan briefly explained the process.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "So, you two came to rely on me?"

Pfft! Pfft!

Cao Yuan and Wei Tao knelt down all of a sudden.

"Boss Qin Feng! Please accept us!"

"Boss Qin Feng, please accept us for the sake of your compatriots! Woohoo!"

The two were grief-stricken.

They had worked so hard to meet Qin Feng, how could they miss this opportunity to join Longyuan Town.

It can be said that Qin Feng is their last life-saving straw in this killing world.

If they can't rely on Qin Feng, they still don't know if they can survive.

What's more, this time, it was only by luck that I met Qin Feng.

In any case, they don't want to miss it.

"Get up, you two!"

Qin Feng has a good impression of Cao Yuan and the two.

Having said that, Cao Yuan has a good foundation, and their talents are both B-level.

You must know that the residents of Longyuan Town are very powerful, but there are only hundreds of people who have talents above B rank.

There are only a dozen people who have reached A level or above.

In addition to Qin Feng, Xiaoluaner, Qiyue, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qishan and other ten or so people, after several opportunities, they were promoted to A-level talent.

Therefore, for Qin Feng, those with talent above B level are worth cultivating.

In fact, there are not many talents in the entire region that are above Grade B.

Talent levels are harder to level up than realms.

It can be seen that Cao Yuan and Wei Tao have a good foundation.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sent an invitation message at will.

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Qin Feng, the mayor, invited Cao Yuan, a refugee, to join Longyuan Town]

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Qin Feng, the mayor, invites homeless Wei Tao to join Longyuan Town]

"Huh! This is?"

"It's a message from Boss Qin Feng!"

Cao Yuan and the two were pleasantly surprised, and hurriedly opened the panel

[The refugee Cao Yuan joined Longyuan Town and became the official townsman of Longyuan Town! 】

[The refugee Wei Tao joined Longyuan Town and became the official townsman of Longyuan Town! 】

"Wow! It's a level 6 town!"

"My God! Really!"

After joining, the two of them saw the level of Longyuan Town and were shocked again.

Before that, they thought that Longyuan Town was only a 5th-level town, but they didn't expect it to be a 6th-level town.

After the shock, the two were ecstatic.

The stronger Longyuan Town, the stronger their backers are!

They didn't know that Longyuan Town was not far from the standard of a level 7 town.

"Boss Qin Feng, thank you for your stay! This time, we really found an organization!"

"Boss Qin Feng! Your acceptance is a life-saving grace for us! We are absolutely loyal to you in this life and this life!"

At this moment, Cao Yuan and the two were very grateful to Qin Feng.

"They are all compatriots, so don't say polite words. Get up, both of you!"

"Yes!"

The two quickly got up and took orders with great respect.

They are really grateful to Qin Feng.

"By the way, you said earlier that your Yanhuang village chief was killed by Western Baipi. What's going on?"

Qin Feng asked curiously.

When it came to this, Cao Yuan and the two were indignant.

"Boss, this is what happened. At the beginning of the first round of competition, we found that the guardian force is very strong in the fourth area. All the villages of the challenge force are united and ready to fight against the guardian force together."

"Even so, our dozen or so challenging villages were still crippled by the guardian forces, and less than 600 or 700 people survived in total. Everyone had to concentrate all resources and integrate them into one village called the Blue Star Alliance."

"At that time, our village chief completed a secret mission by chance and got a mysterious mission token."

"According to the information in the mission order, as long as the holder is a challenger village chief, you can go to Area 3, find a cursed force called the Feng Clan, and then complete the mission designated by the Feng Clan."

"As long as the mission is completed, the entire Feng Clan will recognize the leader. According to the information in the mission order, the Wind Clan has about 5,000 people, and all of them have prefecture-level strength!"

"If we can receive so many subordinates, we will be saved by challenging the forces. At that time, our village was so happy that we told those western white skins about it. The intention was that everyone should work together and go to the third area to find the Feng clan."

"Our village chief was kind, but I didn't expect the white-skinned people in the West to be shameless and vicious. They secretly joined forces with Asan, Sakurajima, and the sticks to launch a sneak attack on our Dragon Country people and killed our village chief."

"In the end, the village chief's mission order was also snatched away by a Western white-skinned man named William. Many of our Dragon Country compatriots were also brutally murdered. Wei Tao and I were relatively strong, so we were lucky to break out of the siege and survived."

As soon as these words came out, everyone in Long Yuan was indignant, and they couldn't help cursing.

"Western white skins are so shameless! They can't be trusted at all! They are born white-eyed wolves!"

"Yeah! For this kind of thing, they have done many times on Blue Star. They robbed the natives, killed all the natives, and then said that immigrants are not welcome. They don't think about it, they are a group of immigrants. Mark to the extreme!"

"And Sakurajima, Bangzi and his like are unfamiliar dogs, born white-eyed wolves!"

"Yeah! I'm ashamed of living with these dogs at Bluestar!"

"Hey! To put it bluntly, they are still jealous and afraid in their hearts. Village Chief Yanhuang has that task order, so he should make Yanhuang Village the boss. They definitely don't want to, so they just do it."

"Humph! This is not Blue Star, but the heavens slaughtering the world, they still want to suppress everywhere?!"

"Damn it! They insulted us in the Dragon Country so much, we must not let them go!"

"And that mission order, it belongs to our Dragon Kingdom, we must grab it back!"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was indignant.

Both from the Dragon Kingdom, they were outraged by what happened to their compatriots, and they were also outraged by the behavior of William and other white skins.

Qin Feng also frowned and felt unhappy.

really!

Western white skins, Sakurajima, and sticks can only be used as slaves, and cannot be trusted at all, let alone become allies.

The fate of Yanhuang Village illustrates all this.

Having said that, the phoenix clan that Cao Yuan mentioned is not bad!

There are more than 5,000 of them, and their strength has reached the prefecture level.

If he can subdue this group of people, then the overall strength of Longyuan Town will be greatly increased again.

What's even better is that this group of people will recognize him as the master and will be absolutely loyal to him, even some of the Dragon Country compatriots can't compare.

Besides, Longyuan Town will be upgraded to a level 7 town, and the minimum population must reach 20,000, and the slave population will not be counted.

Today, the population of Longyuan Town is only more than 15,000 people, which cannot meet the upgrade requirements.

He is worrying about how to increase the population so that Longyuan Town can be upgraded.

Unexpectedly, Cao Yuan brought him good news.

With this thought, Qin Feng is ready to conquer the Feng clan.

Having said that, the last time he subdued the Qi clan was of great help to him.

The Feng clan is much stronger than the Qi clan, and if he can conquer it, it should be of even greater help to him.

However, to subdue the phoenix clan, a mission order is required.

According to Cao Yuan's meaning, the Feng clan is decreed and does not recognize people.

If he doesn't have that mission order, even if he finds the Phoenix Clan, there is no way to conquer the Phoenix Clan.

Now, that mission order is in William's hands.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at Cao Yuan.

"Cao Yuan, is William still in District 4?"

Cao Yuan shook his head: "They're gone! As far as we know, they have re-established the Free Alliance Village and have already set off to the No. 3 area to look for the Feng Clan. Because of this, the two of us didn't dare to go to the No. 3 area. I'm afraid that if I meet them, it will be troublesome."

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It's true! However, William and others going to the Phoenix clan is not a good thing for us. If he conquers the Phoenix clan, it means that he has conquered a big force that is absolutely loyal to him!"

Cao Yuan sneered: "Boss, don't worry! With their speed, they won't be able to find the Feng Clan so quickly. I calculated it, and they will arrive at the Feng Clan's station in the morning at the earliest."

"If we can cut off their beards and take back the mission order before that, the Phoenix clan may become ours."

Qin Feng was worried: "The No. 3 area is so big, we don't know anything about its terrain, let alone where the Feng family is, how can we intercept Hu William and others?"

Cao Yuan smiled proudly: "Boss, my subordinates have already prepared, what do you think this is?"