Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the words fell, Cao Yuan took out a piece of animal skin, and painted a simple map with special sap paint on it.

The end of the map is marked with the words 'Feng Clan Station'.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "This is?"

Cao Yuan smiled and said: "Boss, after our village chief got the mission order, he got the map of the Feng Clan. He once drew the map and gave it to Wei Tao and I, just in case something unexpected happened. Unexpectedly, this time It really worked."

Qin Feng also smiled: "With this map, it will be easy to handle. As long as we can get to the Wind Clan ahead of time, we can wait there and wait for William to arrive. At that time, kill William to take back the token and conquer it. The task of the Phoenix clan can go on."

Cao Yuan said happily: "That's what this subordinate means!"

"It's not too late for this matter!"

At the moment, Qin Feng began to make arrangements.

He gave the map to the Mirage clone.

After the Mirage clone got the map, it flew in the direction of the Phoenix station.

Then, Qin Feng summoned Qiyue again.

Wei Tao also has a map in his hand.

A quarter of an hour later, Qi Yue led Wei Tao, Cao Yuan, and a thousand disciples of Long Yuan to the third area.

There were only dozens of people in the Thunder Clan station.

This time, the goal of the Qiyue army is not only to cooperate with the Mirage clone to conquer the Phoenix clan, but also to prepare for the next unification of District 3.

As long as the No. 3 area is unified, the Lei Clan station will become the hinterland of Longyuan's forces, and there is no need for heavy guards.

In fact, Guang Qiyue alone can sweep away a guardian force.

After all, the little girl is already a heaven-level fifth-layer powerhouse, and it is still very easy to deal with ordinary guardian forces.

After making these arrangements, Qin Feng, the Bing Ling clone, and the Wood Spirit clone also left the Lei Clan residence.

Yueling clone has arrived at Yunzhou Island.

Qin Feng is going to start destroying the Yaotian family and complete the double A-level mission.

Chapter 425: Destroy the Yaotian Clan

Wind Clan resident, above the square.

At this time, more than 10,000 Long Yuan disciples had gathered.

During this period of time, 13,000 of Long Yuan's children have completed the Holy Martial Examination, and all of them have successfully completed the foundation building of the middle rank and above.

Among them, the combat power exceeded 1,000 stars, and it has reached more than 4,000.

At this moment, on this square, everyone is waiting anxiously.

"Brother, count the time, the boss's clone is about to arrive at the Yao clan's lair, right?"

"Almost! I'm looking forward to destroying the Yaotian clan as soon as possible and completing that double A-level mission!"

"Yeah! Once that mission is completed, we can get a lot of rewards from the whole town! It's exciting to think about it!"

"I don't know what the reward will be this time? I am now a 900-star combat power. I don't know if I can break the 1,000-star level after the reward?"

"Haha! Don't worry! This task is a double A-level difficulty, and the rewards must be very generous. It will be easy for you to break through a thousand stars."

"Hey! When you say that, I look forward to it even more!"

"Speaking of which, after the completion of this task, the boss will benefit even more. At that time, his strength will definitely increase greatly. This will be very beneficial to his next trip to the Holy Land!"

"This is a good thing! The Holy Land is a gathering place for the powerhouses of all realms. I'm afraid there are astonishingly many demigods. If the boss is not strong enough, I'm afraid that there will be no benefits."

"Yes! I hope this quest reward can help the boss!"

"hope so!"

At this moment, everyone was apprehensive and looked forward to completing the task earlier in order to bring more benefits to Qin Feng.

Today, Qin Feng is the backbone of Longyuan Town.

The stronger Qin Feng is, the more stable Longyuan Town can be.

Everyone naturally hopes that Qin Feng will become better.

At this moment, a blank light flashed on the square.

Qin Feng and the two clones appeared out of thin air.

"Look! The boss is here!"

When they saw Qin Feng, everyone cheered.

Liu Xuan took off even more and came to Qin Feng.

"Boss, are you going to attack the Yaotian family? Everyone can't wait!"

Liu Xuan asked impatiently.

Qin Feng smiled: "That's right! Are they all assembled?"

Liu Xuan was delighted: "We've assembled a long time ago! There are more than 10,700 people here, all of them are at the prefecture level. The minimum combat power is 800 stars. It is enough to kill Yaotian's children."

Qin Feng glanced at the audience and was very pleased.

What Liu Xuan said is true, the strength of Long Yuan is indeed different from what it used to be.

"Okay! You all gather in the zero-dimensional space first, and the battle will start soon!"

"Yes!"

Everyone was excited and complied.

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he took Liu Xuan and more than ten thousand disciples into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he looked towards Yunzhou Island.

At this moment, Yueling clone is waiting for him.

He has to speed up!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the panel and started adding points.

Before, he killed Hao Kun and Hao Ri in a row, and obtained 90,000 attribute points, it is time to add points.

In just a moment, he finished adding points, and his combat power skyrocketed by more than 1,500 stars.

This made him very satisfied.

"Phew! Finally finished dealing with these trivial matters!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

In the next second, he and the two clones disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, nearly 10,000 disciples gathered in the square of the Yaotian family.

Yao Tianchen, Yao Lin, and Yao Kui stood in the air.

Behind them, there are more than 170 heavenly powerhouses.

Among them, there are nearly 100 people from the first level to the second level.

There are more than forty people in the third to fourth level of the heaven.

There are more than a dozen people at the fifth level of heaven.

There are five people at the sixth level.

Such a battle is extremely powerful.

Below them, there are more than 9,000 prefecture-level powerhouses.

Almost all the descendants of the Yao tribe are concentrated here.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At this time, those Yao clan disciples were all anxious, as if they were worried about something.

"Chen Lao, looking at the sky, the sun is about to set, why hasn't the patriarch opened the teleportation formation of the Feng Clan?"

"Yes! Chen Lao, count the time, it's almost the time agreed by the patriarch, why hasn't there been any movement yet?"

Yao Lin and Yao Gu spoke in succession.

They were all impatient and began to worry.

Yao Tianchen quickly comforted him: "Don't worry! It's still a few minutes away from the time limit agreed by the patriarch. The patriarch will definitely open the teleportation array before the time limit."

Yao Lin nodded slightly: "I hope so! However, why do I feel that the trip of the patriarch does not seem to be going well. If it goes well, the teleportation on both sides should have been opened. Chen Lao, the patriarch will be fine, right?"

Yao Tianchen frowned: "Elder Yaolin, what are you kidding? With the strength of the patriarch, how could he have an accident? Besides, he also has blood Shura to help. The two top powerhouses joined forces, let alone kill Qin Feng, Even if you kill the peak of the ninth level, there is no problem."

Yaoyao also agreed: "That's right! The old man also thinks that the patriarch cannot have an accident. It should be that Qin Feng's little thief is too cunning, and the patriarch and Xue Shura can't find him, which delays the opening of the teleportation array."

Yao Tianchen stroked his beard and smiled: "That's it!"

The rest of the Yao clan disciples also nodded.

Up to now, they still have full confidence in Yao Ji and the others.

But they didn't know that Yaoji and Xue Shura had already fallen.

It's just that their voices just fell, and there was a sudden change in the field.

I saw a large cloud of white mist above everyone's heads.

"Huh! This is?"

Yao Tianchen was the first to notice and looked up quickly.

Everyone also looked up.

I saw that the white fog gathered into a human form, and finally turned into a handsome young man, who was Qin Feng's Yueling clone.

It turned out that the Moon Spirit clone used the 'fog concealment technique' to sneak into the Yao Clan Square.

At this moment, he sensed that Qin Feng was ready and came out.

When they saw Yueling's clone, the Yao people were shocked.

"who?!"

"He's a challenger!"

"kill him!"

In just a split second, Yao Tianchen and the others could see the details of Yueling's avatar, and they were extremely angry!

damn it!

The challenger infiltrated their lair, and they didn't even notice.

If this challenger hadn't taken the initiative to show up, they would never have discovered it!

This is a great shame!

However, this challenger of the prefecture-level realm is too bold, and he dares to break into their lair alone, he is simply courting death!

boom! boom! boom!

In just a split second, Yao Tianchen, Yao Lin, Yao Yu, and more than 170 heaven-level powerhouses all attacked Yueling's clone with all their might, but none of them showed mercy.

They don't care whether the Moon Spirit clone is only at the Earth-level realm.

If you dare to break in, you must die!

boom! boom! boom!

At that moment, more than 170 attacks shot up into the sky and attacked Yueling's clone.

The power of each attack is earth-shattering.

More than 170 attacks joined forces, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth.

Below, more than 9,000 prefecture-level powerhouses were stunned.

They were completely shocked by the attacking momentum of the heaven-level powerhouses!

At this moment, Yueling clone also shot.

boom!