Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Yueling clone slapped it with a palm, turned into a big hand that reached the sky, and faced the more than 170 tyrannical attacks...

boom! boom! boom!

In just an instant, that palm collapsed all attacks.

Everyone was completely dumbfounded!

But before they could react, white light flashed around Yue Lingfen, and Qin Feng, Mu Ling's avatar, and Bing Ling's avatar appeared at the same time.

At this appearance, Qin Feng and the two clones shot at the people below at the same time...

boom! boom! boom!

Three great hands!

Down to the sky!

Qin Feng's attack took the lead, covering Yao Tianchen and other more than 170 heavenly powerhouses with one palm...

The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone attacked more than 9,000 prefecture-level disciples at the same time.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's attack was approaching, covering the sky and the ground, making Yao Tianchen and others unavoidable.

Yao Tianchen and the others were shocked and angry, and they all shot...

In the next second, the two sides attacked and collided!

Qin Feng's palm collapsed all the attacks in an instant, and the attack remained unabated, and instantly slammed into the sky-level powerhouses.

boom! boom! boom!

Suddenly, hundreds of Heavenly Level 1 to 4th Level powerhouses were bombarded on the spot and turned into a **** fog.

The next second, above the sky, there will be screams again and again!

Qin Feng shot more than 100 heaven-level 1st to 4th-level powerhouses with one palm, and the sky was filled with blood and fog.

Those powerhouses above the fifth level of the sky were also blasted down, one by one, and smashed into the square below, smashing a huge human-shaped pit.

Even Na Yao Tianchen was blasted down, smashing out a human-shaped deep pit of dozens of meters, which was severely damaged, and he couldn't climb out of the pit for a long time.

With just one palm, Qin Feng completely defeated more than 170 heavenly powerhouses.

That earth-shattering might, like a demon **** coming into the world, is astonishing!

Bang! Bang!

At this moment, there were two loud bangs in the square!

The attacks of the two clones also fell!

Suddenly, the earth cracked!

The boulders fly!

The terrifying screams, connected into one piece!

With just one face-to-face, the two clones killed nearly 1,000 prefecture-level powerhouses and injured thousands of people.

"My God! They are so strong!"

"Escape! Escape!"

"How did this happen? How did it become like this!"

In this scene, there was mourning in the square, and the disciples of the Yao tribe collapsed instantly and fled everywhere.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, white light flashed in the air, and Liu Xuan and other ten thousand Longyuan children appeared.

In the next second, they shouted and killed excitedly, killing the Yao clan disciples.

Suddenly, the sound of killing in the field is shocking!

As soon as Liu Xuan and the others rushed over, it was like chopping melons and vegetables, killing one after another of the Yao clan disciples.

The children of the Yao clan were not so weak originally, but they were really frightened by Qin Feng and the three clones, and they had no will to fight for a long time.

At the same moment, Qin Feng and the three avatars also shot

The severely injured Yao Tianchen was just crawled out of the pit when a finger wind popped out by Qin Feng, and he was smashed to **** on the spot.

The three avatars killed even more!

For a time, the blood flowed into a river in the field, screaming one after another, like the Asura hell, extremely tragic...

At the same time, there are hundreds of white lights flying from below and madly pouring into Qin Feng's body...

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Tier 1), you get +1520 attributes, +31.27 million energy points, and +630 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Tier 1), you get +1610 attributes, +34.27 million energy points, and +630 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Tier 1), you get +1570 attributes, +32.56 million energy points, and +630 points. 】

 …

Suddenly, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy values, and points soared wildly...

He was overjoyed!

The feeling of this crazy improvement is really wonderful!

In this way, the feast of a harvest unfolded vigorously...

It lasted for a full quarter of an hour before the battle on the field ended.

The Yao people were completely killed.

This is the end of Qin Feng's harvest feast.

At this moment, he was hanging in the air, looking down.

In the square, everyone in Long Yuan cheered excitedly.

Afterwards, everyone began to clean up the battlefield and collect the rich loot.

The three avatars also joined in and began to deal with the corpses of those heavenly powerhouses.

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light.

【Your level has been promoted to level 37! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

[Your agility index increases by 5.4 and 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

good! good!

Finally got another level up!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

But this thought came to him, and a white light lit up continuously on his body, but Xiao Luan'er also rose one level.

As a result, the little guy is also level 31.

At the moment, his mind moved, and the psychic fusion was released.

"dad!"

As soon as Xiao Luan'er appeared, she turned into the appearance of a little girl.

"Hey! This is... Dad, have we destroyed the Yaotian family?"

"Um!"

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

The little guy was overjoyed: "Wow! This is great! Dad, when will you submit that double A-level task?"

"No hurry! Clean up the battlefield first, and then finish collecting these spoils!"

"Yes! Dad, Luan'er is also going to collect the spoils! Hee hee!"

Leaving this sentence, the little guy excitedly joined the army to clear the battlefield.

The children of the mysterious forces are all wealthy.

After this battle, Long Yuan's children are destined to make a lot of money.

Qin Feng looked at it with relief.

Then, he opened the panel to check the gains of this battle.

[Free attribute]: 712,000 points.

boom!

After seeing the attributes, Qin Feng was shocked all over his body, showing ecstasy.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

712,000 attribute points!

So much!

This harvest is so powerful!

Chapter 426 Amazing double A-level rewards!

At the moment, Qin Feng started up happily.

It didn't take long for all 712,000 attributes to be added.

His basic combat power skyrocketed to 127,000 stars.

If you add the power of foundation building, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power is 137,000 stars.

Including the combination of psychic and God-defying blade, his combat power can break through 180,000 stars, which is not far from the threshold of the demigod realm.

After a while, the battlefield was cleared.

The three avatars extracted the more than 170 heaven-level powerhouses, harvested their storage rings, and obtained a large number of rich resources.

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile again.

At the same moment, Xiao Luan'er and Long Yuan were all full of joy.

Everyone got a lot of money.

Before she knew it, Xiao Luan'er's comprehensive combat power had reached 41,000 stars, officially entering the eighth level of heaven.

Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qishan, Longshan, and Wu Yong also broke the threshold of 2,000-star combat power and reached the first-level combat power level.

As for the other children, they all broke the threshold of 1,000 stars, and they all reached the pinnacle of the prefecture level.

This battle has made the strength of Long Yuan's army have once again improved by leaps and bounds.

This makes Qin Feng very happy!

Today's Longyuan Town is more and more like a top mysterious force.

"Dad, Luan'er's strength has reached the eighth level of heaven! Hee hee!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er ran over with a cheerful face.

"Yes, got it!"

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"Boss, the battlefield has been cleaned up, and the bodies of those Yao disciples have all been reduced to ashes."

Liu Xuan also stepped forward to report.

His eyebrows were full of joy.

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

With his current strength, it is no longer valid to extract the corpses of the Earth-level powerhouses.

Thinking of this, he looked around the entire Yunzhou, with a radius of nearly a hundred miles, and there were pavilions and pavilions everywhere.

It's such a blessed place here!