Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

17 However, as soon as Qin Feng's spiritual sense was swept away, he instantly covered the entire island, and found that there were still some remnants of the Yao clan on the island.

Obviously, not all the disciples of the Yao clan are in this square.

In the next second, he said: "Luan'er, Liu Xuan, there are still remnants in other parts of the island, take someone to clean them up!"

"Yes!"

Xiao Luan'er and Liu Xuan hurriedly led the way.

At the moment, the disciples of Long Yuan, led by Xiao Luan'er and Liu Xuan, began to clean up the remnants of the Yao clan.

Qin Feng and the three clones also acted one after another, killing all around the island.

Those remnants must be wiped out to prevent future troubles.

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed.

The crowd gathered in the square again.

Xiao Luan'er, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qi Shan and others surrounded Qin Feng with excitement.

After this hour, they cleaned up Yunzhou Island, which was a hundred miles away, and killed all the remnants.

At this point, the Yaotian family was completely wiped out.

Of course, they also made many surprise discoveries in the process of cleaning up.

For example, the mineral resources on Yunzhou Island are extremely rich, equivalent to half of the existing resources in Longyuan Town.

At this moment, Qishan reported excitedly.

"Master, now the remnants of the Yao clan have been thoroughly cleaned up, and during the process of the cleanup, the four major mines of Frost Stone, Greenwood Core, Fire Glazed Glass, and Wutujing have been discovered. This Yunzhou is really a treasure! "

"Yes! Boss, the resources of this Yunzhou Island are dozens of times stronger than our Longyuan headquarters! Also, this place is surrounded by the sea and has natural geographical protection advantages. It can be considered as an important station for our Longyuan. ."

Liu Xuan also excitedly agreed.

Qin Feng nodded slightly, and also felt that Yunzhou Island was good.

"Dad, now that the Yaotian family has been wiped out by us, can you submit the mission?"

"Yes! Master, it's time to submit the task!"

"Boss, this is a double A-level mission, the reward must be very generous, right?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at Qin Feng eagerly, with a look of anticipation on their faces.

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He also wanted to know, what will be the reward for this mission?

Immediately, he took out the title deed card of the Yao people's residence, broke the blood of his fingers, and dripped it into the title deed card...

After a while, the Ticheka turned into a golden light and poured into his body...

[You are integrating the land deed card (the residence of the Yaotian family)...]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the resident master of the Yaotian family, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained a new site (special grade) and get 10,000 points. 】

【Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 16...】

【Congratulations on your personal points increase to 213,100 points...】

[Congratulations to Longyuan Town's points increase to 271,700 points...]

Boom!

With the earth shaking, Qin Feng became the master of Yunzhou Island.

What surprised him was that Yunzhou Island was actually a super-grade site, which directly earned him 10,000 points.

What was even more surprising to him was that this time the Yao clan was destroyed, and his personal points reached 213,100 points, Longyuan points reached 271,700 points,

This second round has not yet started, and he has already surpassed the previous result.

Ha ha!

This is too cool!

According to this rhythm, he is expected to win the double first in the second round.

That is, both the power ranking and the individual ranking are the first.

"Look! Our Longyuan points have reached 271,700 points!"

At this moment, someone in the field also noticed the change in points.

"Huh! It really is!"

"Haha! I didn't expect it! Destroying a mysterious force actually gave us about 200,000 points!"

"Haha! The second round hasn't even started yet, and the points we got have surpassed the previous round!"

"Yeah! Cool! It's really cool!"

"Brothers, according to this development, our Longyuan Town is expected to surpass the Liudao Clan and Daluo Clan in the second round and win the first place!"

"Yeah! That's very promising! If we win the first place in the second round, we will definitely get more generous rewards, right?"

"Of course! I heard that the rewards in the second round are much richer than in the first round. When the second round is over, it will be the All-Blue Star World Competition, and the ten major divisions will participate in the battle together!"

"Don't talk about the big competition in the world, I only care about the big competition in the second round! You say, can we really get the first place?"

"It's very possible! However, we can't underestimate those mysterious forces, especially the Liudao clan in first place and the Daluo clan in second place."

"Yeah! In the first round of competition, there are only 24 hours. Many leaders of the forces are in retreat, and they are not doing their best. In the second round of competition, the assessment time will be longer, the competition will be more intense, and it will be even more cruel!"

"That's right! If my guess is correct, if I get 210,000 points in the first round, I will be expected to enter the top three. In the second round, even if I have 1 million points, I may not be able to enter the top three. If you want to win the first, at least More than 2 million points are required."

"It makes sense! However, we have an advantage now. During this rest period, neither the mysterious force nor the guardian force can score points, but we have already scored 271,700 points."

"Yeah! This is our huge advantage! Haha!"

At this moment, everyone was excited.

Qin Feng was also agitated.

This time the points have risen sharply, and he has also seen the hope of winning the first place in the double list.

However, the disciples analyzed it well.

With 210,000 points in the first round, there is hope to enter the top three.

At least 100 points in the second round.

After all, the first round of competition was too short, only one day and one night, and many forces were too late to play.

The time for the second round of competition is three days and three nights!

If Qin Feng wants to win the first place in the power, the total points must reach at least 2 million points.

Of course, it would be better if he could score 3 million points, or even more than 4 million points.

After the game, the points can be exchanged for treasures and opportunities. Naturally, the more the better.

In short, this time to destroy the Yaotian family, let him see a quick way to get points, that is to destroy the mysterious forces.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and continued to operate...

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', located at Yunzhou Island in Wanjie Hai… Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', located at Yunzhou Island in Wanjie Hai…. Mayor Qin Feng received 1000 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located in Wanjie Haiyunzhou Island.... Mayor Qin Feng received 500 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has promoted the guardian altar from low-grade to medium-grade, and the address is located on Yunzhou Island, Wanjie Hai…. Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points as a reward]

After some creation operations, the Yao people's residence was completely incorporated into the Longyuan site.

Qin Feng got another 3700 attribute reward in one fell swoop, and got a good harvest...

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Task Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has obtained the 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact', and has completely incorporated the Yaotian family's resident into the sphere of influence of Longyuan. The fourth stage of the god-level village (double A-level difficulty) task is completed! 】

[Quest reward: To reward all the townspeople of Longyuan, any talent will be automatically promoted to one level, limited to talents below A level. 】

[Quest reward: Those who already have A-level talent and cannot improve it can get 50,000 attribute points as compensation. 】

[Quest reward: In addition, all the townspeople of Longyuan will be rewarded with 20,000 attribute points. 】

093 Rumble!

As soon as the announcement came out, the sky shook!

Immediately afterwards, thousands of reward beams of light fell from the sky and fell on everyone in the audience...

Boom!

In the next second, the momentum of the crowd soared, each attribute point was hurricane, and the talent level was also changing...

In a blink of an eye, everyone's talent level was promoted.

Those with C-level talent have become B-levels, and those with B-level talents have been promoted to A-levels. The potential of each has skyrocketed.

At the same time, their attribute points skyrocketed by 20,000 points in a moment.

People like Xiao Luan'er, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Qi Shan, etc., whose talents have reached A-level or above, have been unable to upgrade, so they have been compensated with an additional 50,000 attribute points.

In the blink of an eye, Xiao Luan'er, Liu Xuan, Qishan, and Lei Jue had obtained 70,000 attribute points

"It's up! It's up! My attributes have gone up by 20,000 points!"

"Haha! I went up by 70,000 points!"

This one, above the square, erupted in waves of cheers.

The crowd is immersed in endless jubilation

At the same time, Qin Feng's ears continued to hear Tiandao's reminders.

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the fourth stage of the task, and reward 2 treasure chest helicopter cards (seventh stage). 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the fourth stage of the task, and you will be rewarded with a Foundation Establishment Promotion Card (eighth-order). 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the fourth stage of the task, and you will be rewarded with a group of top-quality true dragon blood essence (ninth-rank middle-grade). 】

[Reminder: Top-grade True Dragon Blood Essence, a ninth-grade mid-grade item, is one level higher than the top-grade True Dragon Blood Essence, and requires the strength of the soul body to reach the semi-divine level before it can be refined]

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the fourth stage of the task, reward any three talents for promotion to one level. 】

[It is detected that you have no talent below Grade A, and the three kinds of talent promotion rewards are changed to 150,000 attributes as compensation. 】

[Task reward: Congratulations on completing the fourth stage of the task, and you will also receive a personal attribute reward of 100,000 attributes. 】Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

[Task reward: Longyuan Town completes the double A-level task and gets a reward of 200,000 points (included in the mayor's personal points). 】

Boom!

After this announcement, the reward beams of light descended from the sky, one after another on Qin Feng.

He was overjoyed!

The reward given by Heavenly Dao this time is really rich!

Chapter 427: Activating the S-level mission

As the two beams of light fell, Qin Feng received a total of 250,000 attribute rewards.

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the third beam of light fell, and three divine cards slowly came along the beam of light.

Two of them are Treasure Chest Helicopter Cards!

That means that two mythical treasure chests are in hand, that is, two ninth-order treasures are coming.

The third card is the Foundation Establishment Promotion Card, which is an extremely precious eighth-order God Card.

Unfortunately, it has no effect on Qin Feng and Xiao Luan. After all, they have already used it once and can no longer use it.

However, he can use it for Qiyue.

With the rapid progress of Longyuan Town, Qin Feng found out more and more that he needed top powerhouses under his command.