Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Among the top ten mysterious forces, the strongest at present is the pinnacle of the demigod realm. 】

[Reminder: Due to some unknown reasons, some mysterious people may appear during this mission, so be careful. 】

[Reminder: The strength of the mysterious man is unknown! 】

[Reminder: The time limit for this task is ten days. If completed within five days, there will be excess rewards. 】…

boom!

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar in the audience.

Qin Feng was also surprised and happy.

The last stage of the task is finally activated!

Having said that, the content of this mission coincides with his next plan!

However, the information of the task reminder is a bit scary!

The strongest of the ten mysterious forces has reached the pinnacle of the demigod realm, which is shocking!

What's even more surprising is that some mysterious people will appear, and I don't know what's going on?

Chapter 428: The soldiers are divided! Hidden conspiracy!

"Dad! The mission in the final stage has finally been activated!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er, Liu Xuan, and Qishan all gathered around happily.

Qin Feng nodded: "Yeah! It's finally activated! As long as the task at this stage is completed, the task of the god-level village is completely completed. However, this task indicates that there is a demigod peak in the mysterious force, which is not easy to deal with! "

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan and others changed their expressions.

The pinnacle of demigods!

The range of combat power is 600,000 to 800,000 stars, so powerful that it is suffocating!

And Qin Feng's basic combat power is only 132,000 stars, and he has not even reached the threshold of demigods.

Now that he encounters the powerhouses in the early stage of demigods, he has to retreat, let alone compared with the peak of demigods.

The demigod realm is divided into: initial demigod, middle demigod, and peak demigod.

The range of combat power in the initial stage of a demigod is 200,000 to 400,000 stars.

The range of combat power in the middle stage of the demigod is 400,000 to 600,000 stars.

"Master, although there is a peak of demigods in this mission, your growth rate has always been astonishing. Xiao Lao'er believes that you can definitely complete the mission within ten days."

Qishan quickly issued an opinion.

He really thought so.

To this day, he has long been completely convinced by Qin Feng.

"Yes! Boss, this task has ten days. For you, ten days is enough for you to grow up, and it will be a matter of time before you complete the task."

Liu Xuan also vowed to say.

Today, he is also very confident in Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled and did not continue to discuss the issue.

Then, he said: "Anyway, the task has been activated. The task information indicates that the sooner you complete this task, the greater the benefits. If it can be completed within five days, there will be excess rewards."

"Of course, this is unlikely. However, it's up to people. It just so happens that I have the land deed cards of the Blood Moon Clan and Hao Sun Clan in my hands, so let's destroy these two clans next!"

Liu Xuan was overjoyed: "That's great! The benefits of exterminating the mysterious forces are enormous! For example, when we exterminate the Yaotian clan, we have gained a huge amount of benefits. Both the Blood Moon Clan and the Hao Ri Clan are stronger than the Yaotian Clan. The benefits of eliminating them will only be more."

Xiao Luan'er also said excitedly: "Yes! Dad! Destroying these two clans will greatly benefit your strength. Besides, in seven hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will open."Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"We have to quickly destroy those two clans before the Holy Land opens. That way, Dad's strength can improve a lot before entering the Holy Land!"

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"That's right! Next, our task is to destroy the 940 Blood Moon Clan and Hao Sun Clan."

Having said that, Qin Feng looked at the sky again.

At this moment, the sun has gone down, the twilight is coming, and it is not long before the Holy Land opens.

Thinking of this, he looked at the crowd.

"Everyone take a rest and prepare! Tonight, there should be two battles!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was excited.

They know that the two battles Qin Feng mentioned are the battles to destroy the Blood Moon Clan and the Hao Sun Clan.

Having tasted the sweetness of exterminating the Yao Celestial Clan, they were very much looking forward to exterminating those two clans.

At the moment, everyone complied with their promises, and all of them were full of joy.

"By the way, Master, the little old man has something to report to you!"

Qishan took out a stack of maps from the storage ring.

Qin Feng was curious: "what are those?"

"Master, this is what we found in a palace when we exterminated the remnants of the Yao clan before, take a look!"

Qishan handed over those maps.

Qin Feng took a look at it, and he was overjoyed.

"Haha! Good! Good! God helped me!"

Qin Feng happily looked at the map in his hand, carefully flipping through it one by one.

"Dad, what map is this?"

Xiao Luan'er looked curious.

Liu Xuan was also curious.

Qin Feng put away the map with a smile: "Little guy, this is a detailed map of Area 1 to Area 30, which clearly identifies the locations of the major guardian forces."

As soon as these words fell, Xiao Luan'er and Liu Xuan were all overjoyed.

Liu Xuan was even more excited: "Boss, with these maps, our Longyuan Town will unify these 30 districts, that is just around the corner!"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "Yes! It is very important to destroy the mysterious forces, and it is equally important to unify this competition area!"

Qin Feng didn't say a word.

That is, if he wants to unlock the 2,000-star feedback, he needs 20 sites.

The next step is to unlock the 5,000-star feedback, which requires 40 sites.

With so many sites, it is not enough to destroy the mysterious forces.

Then it is necessary to destroy a large number of guardian forces to expand the territory of Longyuan Town.

And the map that Qishan handed in just solved his urgent need.

With those power maps, he can destroy them in a targeted manner, which can save a lot of search time, just like adding wings to a tiger.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

Immediately, he ordered: "Liu Xuan! Qishan! You arrange for everyone to rest, raise their spirits as soon as possible, and prepare for tonight's battle!"

"Yes!"

Liu Xuan and the two quickly took their orders and left.

Later, Qin Feng began to make other layouts

A quarter of an hour later, Yueling's clone left Yunzhou Island and flew towards Yuesang Island.

Yuesang Island is the home of the Blood Moon Clan, and it is relatively close to Yunzhou Island.

At the same time, the No. 2 area, the residence of the Ze people.

A thousand or so disciples of Long Yuan are stationed here.

The leader of these thousand disciples is Qiyue's elder brother, Qiyun.

At this moment, a white light flashed around Qiyun, and the wood spirit clone appeared out of thin air.

"Owner!"

When Qi Yun saw the Mu Ling clone, he hurriedly stepped forward to greet him.

The Mu Ling clone ordered: "Qiyun, arrange a hundred people to stay here. Then bring the others and go with me to the fourth area."

"Yes! Master!"

Qiyun quickly arranged.

For the master's orders, he is unconditional support.

A quarter of an hour later, Mu Ling's clone took nearly a thousand Long Yuan's disciples and headed for Area 4 in a mighty manner.

Today, the Mu Ling clone has a map of the guardian forces of District 4 in his hands.

He's taking people to sweep District 4

At the same moment, near the border of District 3.

Qiyue brought the army and has already arrived at the border of District 3.

At this moment, white light flashed around her.

Qin Feng, Bing Ling's clone, and Xiao Luan'er appeared at the same time.

"Owner!"

"Boss!"

"Boss!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they stepped forward to greet him, all with joy on their faces.

Especially Cao Yuan and Wei Tao.

They were excited and nervous.

Qin Feng looked around the crowd and nodded slightly.

Afterwards, he said to Qiyue: "Yue'er, follow me into the zero-dimensional space. The rest will follow Xiao Luan'er!"

"Yes!"

Everyone complied.

In the next second, Qin Feng and Qiyue disappeared out of thin air, leaving only one space node in the field.

Xiao Luan'er opened his mouth and took a breath, then swallowed the space node.

After doing this, Xiao Luan'er led the crowd to kill in the direction of Area 3

Today, Xiao Luan'er has a map of Area 3 in his hands.

She is taking everyone to sweep the guardian forces of District 3

At the same time, the Bing Ling clone flew in the other direction.

That's the direction of Tanggu.

Tanggu is the home of the Haoyang Clan!

The target of the ice spirit clone is the Haoyang clan's nest.

In order to destroy the Blood Moon Clan and Haoyang Clan before dawn, Qin Feng arranged for the troops to be divided into several groups to save time.

Because after dawn, that's when the entrance to the Holy Land opens.

At this moment, the zero-degree space has been repaired in the secret room.

Qin Feng looked at Qiyue and showed a satisfied smile.

It seems that the double-A task has also brought great benefits to Qiyue.

Today, the comprehensive combat power of the little girl has reached 25,000 stars, reaching the limit of the sixth level of heaven.

If you go further, the little girl will be able to break through to the seventh heaven level.