Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Yue'er, this divine card is for you!"

Qin Feng handed over an eighth-order **** card.

"Master, is this?"

Qiyue curiously took the divine card.

"This is the foundation building promotion card! With your strength and background, after refining it, there is a 90% chance that you can break through to the lower-level god-grade foundation building."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Thank you, master!"

She had already heard of this kind of divine card.

The master and Xiao Luan have used it.

Seeing the happy little girl, Qin Feng was also in a good mood.

"Okay! Go! You refine it early! Tomorrow, there are important tasks for you!"

"Master, Yue'er will go to refining now!"

At the moment, Qi Yue left with a happy face.

After Qiyue left, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally arranged everything.

At this moment, Qiyue also opened the time force field.

The speed of time in this zero-degree space is ten times that of the outside world.

Next, he should do his own business.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and a magic spear appeared in front of him.

As soon as he took out the spear, he began to break his fingers and blood clots.

It turned out that he was going to refine the third divine artifact.

At the same time, the Blood Moon Clan's resident, Yuesang Island.

In the corridor of a courtyard, Yedra stood beside the railing, looking at the direction of the Yao people's residence, with a look of anxiety in his eyebrows.

"Hey! It's already night, why hasn't the message sent by Venerable Soul Shadow yet? I don't know if he succeeded?"

Yetra murmured in his heart.

This time, for his own plan, he took a lot of risks and sacrificed a lot of interests.

Hope this time, Soul Shadow Venerable can kill the blood Shura!

Thinking of this, Ye Dara's eyes showed a ruthless look!

It turned out that he secretly sent a message to the Wanling tribe, just wanting Venerable Soul Shadow to help him kill Yedra.

Because Venerable Soul Shadow has mastered the talent of Soul Dao, and his strength is much stronger than that of Blood Shura.

As long as Venerable Soul Shadow's sneak attack is successful, it is very likely to kill Blood Shura.

And when Blood Shura died, the Blood Moon Scimitar became an ownerless thing.

There is no way for the Wanling Clan to refine them, only the Blood Moon Clan can refine them.

What Yetra wanted was that Blood Moon Scimitar.

According to the rules of the mysterious forces, whoever masters the 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact' is the head of the clan.

Yadra's ambition is to replace Blood Shura.

Having said that, for so many years, in order not to make Xue Shura suspicious, he has been showing goodwill to Xue Shura and secretly hiding his strength.

In fact, his strength has already reached the peak of the ninth level, not under the blood Shura, or even stronger.

This also makes his ambition grow stronger day by day!

pity!

Blood Shura has the Blood Moon Scimitar in his hand and can be continuously resurrected.

If he really wants to do it, he has almost no chance of winning, so he has to use the hands of the Ten Thousand Spirit Race to get rid of Blood Shura.

"Humph! Blood Shura, if your father was not the patriarch, you would not be qualified to inherit the Blood Moon Scimitar. The one who is truly qualified to inherit the Blood Moon Scimitar should be the old man."

Ye Dhara recalled the past, with anger deep in his eyes.

However, it doesn't matter now.

He has signed a soul oath contract with Venerable Soul Shadow and Venerable Soul Void of the Wanling Race.

Soul Shadow and Soul Void will find a way to help him capture the Blood Moon Scimitar.

And he has a ninth-order treasure in his hand, which is exactly what Soul Shadow and Soul Void want.

Hope this time, Soul Shadow Venerable can bring the Blood Moon Scimitar back to him.

Thinking of this, Yetra looked at the sky.

"I guess there will be news before dawn, right?"

Yetra murmured in his heart.

After dawn, it is time for the Holy Land to open.

Until then, if Venerable Soul Shadow doesn't succeed, he can only wait for the next opportunity.

If Venerable Soul Shadow succeeds, he will come to Yuesang Island to trade with him.

Thinking of the transaction, he still had some pain in his flesh.

The ninth-order treasure in his hand is extremely precious.

However, it is still worth it in exchange for the Blood Moon Scimitar!

Ye Dhara sighed in his heart.

He didn't know that Venerable Soul Shadow and Blood Asura had been killed by Qin Feng, and the Blood Moon Scimitar was also refined by Qin Feng.

So, he will be happy after all!

Swish!

At this moment, there was a sound of breaking air in the courtyard.

A vigorous figure flashed in front of Yedra.

"Your Majesty, my subordinates just received a message from the Xinggu Clan. They asked us, do they know any news about Qin Feng?"

The person who came was a black-faced man at the peak of the eighth level of heaven, and he was also a confidant of Yedra.

As the chief elder of the Blood Moon Clan.

Blood Shura is not in the clan, everything is left to Yedra to have the final say.

"Xinggu clan?"

Yetra's face changed slightly.

The Xinggu Clan was the third-ranked mysterious force, much stronger than the Wanling Clan.

He didn't dare to offend him in the slightest!

However, the news about Qin Feng is related to his plan to seize the throne.

Before he got the news of Venerable Void, try not to let other forces get involved in the No. 1 area.

Thinking of this, he said: "Ye Fang, tell the people of the Xinggu clan that my clan has no information about Qin Feng for the time being. However, my clan will get the information of Qin Feng in the future and will tell them as soon as possible."

"Yes!"

At that moment, Ye Fang took the lead.

Yetra looked at Ye Fang's leaving back and smiled with satisfaction.

He did that to show his favor to the Xinggu people.

When he got the Blood Moon Scimitar, he would tell the Xinggu Clan the news of Qin Feng's No. 1 area.

Presumably the Xinggu clan would be very grateful to him!

Speaking of which, the Xinggu clan was robbed of the third place by Qin Feng.

The Great Senior Xinggu must have hated Qin Feng very much, right?

Thinking of this, Yetra revealed a schadenfreude smile.

He didn't know that at this moment, Yueling's clone was rushing to Yuesang Island.

The blood moon clan is about to usher in a disaster

Chapter 429 Siege the city, unlock it soon!

At the same time, the Myriad Tribulations Sea.

Two mysterious people in silver robes are flying towards Yunzhou Island.

Suddenly, one of them stopped, took out a communication jade talisman from the storage ring, and checked it.

"How's it going?"

The other person also stopped and asked with concern.

The first person put away the jade talisman and said, "The Blood Moon Clan replied that they didn't know Qin Feng's information, but if they got Qin Feng's information, they would tell my clan as soon as possible."

It turned out that these two were strong men of the Xinggu clan.

The first middle-aged man, named Gu Shang, was an eighth-level powerhouse.

Another young man named Xing Yuan, a seventh-level heavenly powerhouse.

At this time, Xing Yuan frowned: "Brother Gu, we searched all the way and didn't get any news from Qin Feng, but the clan is very anxious!"

Gu Shang sighed: "Yeah! The patriarch and Xingjin Taishang are anxiously waiting, but there is nothing to do. Next, we can only go to Yunzhou Island and ask the Yaotian family."

Having said that, he raised his head and looked in the direction of the Yaotian family's residence.

Counting the time, they can arrive at Yunzhou Island in an hour at most.

Xing Yuan was dissatisfied and said, "Brother Gu, this Yaotian clan is getting more and more showy! I sent them more than a dozen inquiries in a row, but none of them responded. This attitude is far worse than that of the Blood Moon clan. !"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Gu Shang also nodded slightly: "This is the truth! I waited to ask the Blood Moon Clan, I only sent one, and there was a response immediately. But the Yaotian Clan has not heard from them. I don't know if they are arrogant, or for another reason?"

Xing Yuan sneered: "Brother Gu, Yunzhou Island is just around the corner. This time, we will personally land on the island and ask them carefully. Humph! As the bottom-ranked existence among the ten mysterious forces, who gave them the confidence to be arrogant. ?"

They didn't know that it was not that the Yaotian family did not reply, but that the Yaotian family had been destroyed by Qin Feng.

"Let's go! Time is running out! In six hours, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened, and we haven't even touched Qin Feng's shadow!"

Gu Shang looked at the sky and was a little anxious.

The ambitions of the Xinggu clan are not just for revenge on Qin Feng.

They also want to **** the Holy Land Pass and gain access to the Holy Land.

But now it is night, the moon is already high, and time is running out.

At the moment, the two of them stopped talking and hurried towards Yunzhou Island...

In fact, no matter whether the Xinggu clan grabbed the pass or not, they would never let Qin Feng go.

Especially in the second round, Qin Feng and Long Yuanzhen will threaten their third place.

The rewards of the second round will be more generous and more significant than the first round.

In this way, Gu Shang and the two rushed to Yunzhou Island.

But it didn't take long for the two of them to see a figure flying in front of them at a very fast speed.

"Brother Xing Yuan, look! Someone is coming!"

"It came from the direction of Yunzhou Island. Could it be from the Yaotian family?

Gu Shang and the two looked at the figure in front of them in surprise, and went up to them directly.

It didn't take long for the two sides to approach, only a few hundred meters apart.

At this time, Gu Shang finally saw the appearance of the person who came.