Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Oh! Did I hear that right? Amir lost? The bet is over so soon?"

"Baga! It's only been 3 hours, and the bet is over? Salman-kun, are you kidding me?!"

Salman (446): "I'm not kidding! We really lost! Our village 446 is going to collapse! Our attributes are lost! Our resources are also lost! Woo! Woo!"

"Assi! How could it be like this? Smecta!"

"idiot!"

"Fake squid!"

"Oh! That's really bad news!"

Village No. 34: "Haha! We won! We won! We Dragon Kingdom won!"

Village No. 77: "Haha! It's so cool! Long live the Dragon Kingdom! Long live the people of the Dragon Country! The people in the Novice Village at No. 911 are amazing!"

Salman (446): "Allies! This time, our village No. 446 has lost half of its resources. After the novice assessment, many people in our village will die! We want to ask you to help us take revenge!"

At this moment, Amir also entered the regional channel and launched an appeal.

Amir (446): "That ally is willing to avenge us? Village 911 won! Their resources have doubled! They will become stronger and stronger! Do you want to see the people of the Dragon country become stronger and stronger? "

At this time, a native of Sakurajima named Miyamoto Rami appeared.

Rami Miyamoto (5): "Amir-kun, who in the end won you?"

Amir (446): "It's a man named Qin Feng!"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "Yo Xi! So, that Qin Feng is our No. 1 District, the seventh person to be promoted to Level 8."

Amir (446): "Yeah! Mr. Miyamoto, you are the first person in our district to be upgraded to level 8. But Qin Feng's upgrade speed is very fast, I am worried that he will surpass you! Especially now that their resources have doubled , the upgrade will be faster!"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "The nasty people from the Dragon Kingdom! I won't give him a chance. I have a resource betting order in my hand, and I will start a betting with No. 911 Novice Village to bring them back to their original shape!"

Amir (446): "Haha! Great! Miyamoto-kun! Now, only you can suppress that Qin Feng!"

Village No. 34: "You nasty bastards! Is it interesting to bully the same village one after another?"

Village No. 77: "Made! Dwarf Miyamoto, are you drinking too much nuclear waste water?"

Rami Miyamoto (5): "Eight Grid Road! All the people of the Dragon Kingdom should be damned!"

Amir (446): "Village No. 34, Village No. 77, are you people from the Dragon Kingdom afraid? Mr. Miyamoto is a first-class ninja, and at the same time he has mastered the A-level space talent. This time, he will definitely be able to defeat you Dragon Kingdom people. !"

"Oh! I support Amir's opinion!"

"Assi! Miyamoto is here! Village 911 is going to be completely over, Smecta!"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "Yo Xi! I'll start a bet in a minute! This time, I will definitely defeat that Qin Feng! Defeat all the people of the Dragon Kingdom!"

Village No. 77: "Made! Defeat the Dragon Kingdom? What a joke! What if you lose again?"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "Baga! I will never lose! If I lose, I will not suffer such a shame! I will kill myself!"

When these words came out, everyone was surprised!

This guy is ruthless!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

At the same time, it can be seen that Miyamoto Lang has absolute confidence in himself.

No matter what he said, he was the first one to be promoted to level 8, and at the same time mastered the powerful A-level spatial talent.

Thinking of this, many Longguo people began to worry about Qin Feng and No. 911 village.

The next second, Rami Miyamoto withdrew from the regional channel and began to prepare for gambling...

At the same time, the chat channel on 911 was full of jubilation.

"Haha! 20 stats! I got another 20 stats!"

"Win! This is the second time we've won! 40 points have been added to the front and back! I can single out the beasts of the same rank!"

"Fuck~! We are now teaming up with three or four people, and we can all challenge higher-level beasts by leaps and bounds."

"My God! There are so many beasts now. I just killed one, and within five minutes, I met another one."

"Haha! It's cool! It's really cool! If we keep going like this, it will be difficult for us to upgrade and slow down!"

"Woo! Excited! Little sister is so excited! I finally see the hope of passing the novice exam!"

"All this is brought by the boss Qin Feng!"

"Yes! Long live Qin Feng! Long live!"

"Boss Qin Feng, where are you? Come out and celebrate with us!"

"Boss Qin Feng! Come out and take a bubble!"

"Excited! So excited! Brother Qin Feng! Little sister wants to dedicate her first kiss to you!"

[Emergency Announcement: No. 5 Novice Village has activated the gambling order, forcibly connected to No. 911 Novice Village, and open resource gambling! 】

[Resource gambling: For the losing party, all resources are halved, and everyone weakens their attributes by 20. For the victorious side, all resources are doubled, and everyone increases their attributes by 20. 】

[Content of this competition: The first novice village to emerge from a level 9 powerhouse will win this bet. 】

[Reminder: Be the first to rise to level 9 and win this game, and you will be rewarded with an additional 50 attributes and a silver treasure chest. 】

[Reminder: The chat channels of the two novice areas have begun to connect in parallel...]

This sudden announcement shocked everyone.

"Fuck~! Come again!"

"Damn it! These guys just can't see us from the Dragon Kingdom!"

"Humph! We have the boss of Qin Feng, and they come to challenge, that is, courting death!"

At this moment, everyone was talking a lot, but they were full of confidence.

After two victories in the bet, the people of No. 911 Novice Village gradually gained confidence in Qin Feng.

At the same time, Li Luo fell onto the grassland.

Qin Feng is on a killing spree.

In just a while, he has killed twenty giant elephants in a row, and his level has risen to level 8 (12230/40000)…

It was at this moment that he received a betting announcement reminder.

"Hehe! Come on again! These **** really don't want to die! Let's decide the winner within 20 minutes! It's time to let them know what efficiency is!"

Qin Feng smiled coldly and looked at the seventy or eighty giant elephants in front of him.

As long as he kills another fifty or sixty heads, he will be able to rise to level 9, which must be extremely fast.

Thinking of this, his figure flashed and he plunged into the group of elephants.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Suddenly, the sword light flashed cold in the field!

Blood splashes!

The giant elephants screamed again and again!

One giant elephant after another fell.

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

…

In this way, Qin Feng happily harvested the elephant herd...

Chapter 57 Dragon Country Battles Sakurajima, Can You Cut Your Belly? (6 more)

At the same moment, in the 911 chat channel, everyone began to mobilize.

Gu Ming: "Brothers! The third bet is about to begin! What should we do?"

Lei Jue: "Look for Boss Qin Feng to come forward!"

"Yes! Find the boss of Qin Feng!"

"Boss Qin Feng! Come out quickly!"

"Brother Qin Feng, come out and take a bubble!"

"Boss Qin Feng, we are waiting for your instructions!"

The crowd was full of passion and shouted.

But after calling for a long time, no one replied.

At this moment, Qin Feng is killing all directions in the elephant group, and naturally he has no time to watch the chat channel.

At this moment, Liu Xuan appeared.

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, don't disturb Boss Qin Feng. He must have something to do, so he doesn't have time to watch the chat channel. However, he must know about the announcement of gambling."

Wu Yong: "That's right! Boss Qin Feng must know about gambling!"

Yu Wen: "That's what I said, but without the instructions of Boss Qin Feng, how should we cooperate? We can't let Boss Qin Feng face the test alone, should we also contribute?"

"That's right! We can't let Boss Qin Feng fight alone! Each of us should give our strength!"

"That's right! Besides, this time we're going to bet against Village No. 5. Village No. 5 is from Sakurajima Country!"

"Fuck~! The dwarf ghost of Sakurajima! I hate it the most!"

"That's right! We can't lose to Sakurajima country to anyone!"

"Those devils in Sakurajima, they should be the people in the Eastern countries who want to destroy our Dragon Kingdom the most!"

"Want to destroy our Dragon Country? Let Sakurajima Country die!"

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, don't talk about this for now. Since Boss Qin Feng doesn't have time to come forward, we will follow his last instructions to kill more level-5 beasts and provide him with the bodies of level-5 beasts."

Wu Yong: "There are also first-order spirit grass and spirit fruit, which are all things Qin Feng needs. As long as we continue to provide these resources, it will help him!"

"Makes sense!"

"Boss Wu Yong is right!"

"Haha! Then do that!"

"Action! Action! Everyone, act quickly!"

"Fuck~! I found out that the first-order spirit is 597 fruit, but there is a second-order mutant beast guarding it, I can't beat it!"

"Upstairs! Quick! Report the coordinates! I'll help you!"

"Coordinates 342.227 in Level 2 Fierce Beast Area!"

"Okay! I'll be there soon!"

"Upstairs, hurry up and come here!"

"Definitely! This spirit fruit is useful to Boss Qin Feng. I will come here after all my life!"

"Haha! Brothers, you are doing your best! By the way, upstairs, the mutated beast corpses are also being purchased by Boss Qin Feng. You killed the corpses of level 2 beasts, remember to trade them to Boss Qin Feng!"

"Know!"

Wu Yong: "Brothers in the Level 5 Fierce Beast Area! Action! Action! Hurry up! Don't hold back Boss Qin Feng!"

"Don't worry, Mr. Wu Yong! We have already started to act!"

"Damn it! I found it! I found a level 5 beast at the coordinates 559.310!"

"I also found a level 5 beast!"

"Haha! Tier 1 spirit grass! I found the spirit grass! So excited! I can finally contribute to Qin Feng boss."

"Fuck! It's cool to double the resources! It's really cool! Come on, everyone! Come on! Haha!"

At the moment, the novice village of No. 911 is all mobilized, and they all enter the action of killing monsters to find spirit grass...

The scene is in full swing!