Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It was a yellow-skinned, black-haired, handsome young man whose appearance was far from that of the Yaotian clan.

They snooped again, and they were shocked to find that the person who came was actually a challenger of the prefecture level.

In fact, the person here is none other than the Yueling avatar, one of the four avatars of Qin Feng.

At this moment, Yueling clone is rushing to Yuesang Island.

Three hundred miles away, he sensed the existence of the two of them.

Looking at the whereabouts of these two people, it is clear that they rushed towards Yunzhou Island.

And today's Yunzhou Island, there is no Qin Feng and clones stationed, not even Xiao Luan'er, only Liu Xuan, Qishan and others are stationed.

Since he has encountered it, he will solve it easily, so as not to cause future troubles.

When the two sides met, Gu Shang and the two quickly found out the details of Yueling's clone.

"Hey! It's a challenger to the prefecture-level realm!"

"Catch your mouth!"

Gu Shang was both surprised and happy.

In this sea of ​​ten thousand calamities, it is really good luck to meet a challenger of the prefecture level!

If you can catch this live, maybe you can get a lot of useful information.

The more they thought about it, the more happy they became.

But before they could make a move, the Yueling clone had already made the first move.

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

In the dark night, a sword light of ten thousand feet lit up, corresponding to the bright moon, and swept forward...

Click! Click!

Two crisp sounds!

Blood splashes!

That sword cut Gu Shang into two pieces!

No resistance!

The mournful roar echoed in the night sky!

It was not until the moment of their death that Gu Shang realized that they were not lucky, but bad luck, and they encountered a deadly evil star.

After killing the two, the Moon Spirit clone began to clear the battlefield.

After a while, he got a message from Gu Shang's storage ring.

"It turns out that these two are from the Xinggu clan!"

Yueling clone put away the storage ring.

The forces of the Xinggu clan had penetrated.

It seems that he has to speed up the destruction of the Blood Moon Clan.

The influence of the Blood Moon Clan is more peripheral, and it is closer to the territory of the Xinggu Clan.

Thinking of this, the Moon Spirit clone accelerated towards the Blood Moon Clan...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng is looking at the God-defying Blade in front of him with joy.

[Blade against God: ninth-order weapon (high-grade), first form. 】

[You need to master the law of opening the sky, the law of blood, and the law of life to control this blade]

[Blade against God: There is a 100% increase effect on the Law of Heaven, the Law of Blood, and the Law of Life. 】

[Reminder: This blade is made up of three 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifacts' and has three illusionary forms. 】

It turned out that Qin Feng had refined the third divine artifact and incorporated it into the Blade of God-Defying God.

This will raise the quality of the God-defying Blade to the level of the ninth-rank high-grade in one fell swoop, and its power will be greatly increased.

"I don't know how much combat power this knife has added to him?"

As soon as Qin Feng reached out, he grabbed the handle of the knife.

hum!

In the next second, the body of the blade shines with golden light, and the human and the machine become one in an instant!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed.

In a blink of an eye, he increased his combat power by 45,000 stars.

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

good! good!

Fusion of a divine artifact, the combat power upgrade is 10,000 stars.

Fusion of two sacred artifacts, the combat power upgrade is 25,000 stars.

Combining the three heaven-suppressing artifacts, the combat power increased to 45,000 stars.

Every time you fuse one more piece, the power of the Anti-God's Blade will increase, and it will become more and more powerful!

If all ten heaven-suppressing artifacts are fused together to obtain the final 'heaven-suppressing artifact', what kind of power will it be? It's exciting to think about it!

Afterwards, he released the unity of human and device, and put away the blade of God-defying God.

call out! call out!

At this moment, two dazzling white lights flew from the void...

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden Person (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +12,000 attribute points, +93 million energy points, and +2000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Seventh Heavenly Level), you get +8700 attributes, +71 million energy points, and +1700 points. 】

Qin Feng hurriedly raised his head, looked in the direction of Yueling's avatar, and smiled...

Just now, Yueling clone killed two strong men of Xinggu clan, and gave him some gains.

Soon, thousands of white lights flew from the void and poured into his body frantically...

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (fourth level of the sky), you get +3671 attributes, +43.27 million energy points, and +906 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tian level triple), you get +2971 attributes, +31.2 million energy points, +810 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tian level two), you get +2171 attributes, +24.47 million energy points, +670 points. 】

...

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he looked in the direction of District 4 again, showing joy.

It was the avatar of the wood spirit and the army of Long Yuan, who were destroying a major guardian force in the fourth area.

It seems that tonight will be a grand harvest night!

Qin Feng smiled, took out two treasure chest helicopter cards, and a bunch of treasure chests, and began to deal with treasure chests...

In this way, while Qin Feng was dealing with trivial matters, Long Yuan also expanded his territory everywhere.

It didn't take long for the wooden spirit clone to destroy a guardian force, leaving a hundred people to guard it, and then headed for the second guardian force in District 4...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there were only two hours left before dawn.

On this night, the wood spirit clone has swept through the fourth area, destroyed the two guardian forces, and started to move towards the fifth area...

The challenge forces in the fourth area have long been wiped out, leaving only the two guardian forces.

So far, District No. 4 has been unified by Long Yuan.

0

During this time period, the Qiu Clan in District 3 was also wiped out by Xiao Luan'er.

At this moment, in the Qiu Clan's residence.

Everyone in Longyuan is cleaning up the battlefield.

In the square, Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, Cao Yuan, and Wei Tao all looked at everything in front of them with excitement.

Today's Xiao Luan'er has a combat power of 56,000 stars, and his strength has increased by a large margin, which is equivalent to the peak of the eighth level of heaven.

Qiyue also succeeded in refining the 'Foundation Promotion Card', and it also became a low-level god-level foundation.

Now, her comprehensive strength has reached 27,000 stars, and she has stepped into the seventh level of heaven.

Then Cao Yuan and Wei Tao's combat power is also close to 900 stars, not far from breaking 1,000 stars.

At this moment, a white light flashed around Xiao Luan'er's body, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

"Boss!"

When the four of them saw Qin Feng, they were delighted to come forward to greet him.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded, then looked around, showing satisfaction.

It turned out that he went to the fourth area before, and established the teleportation formation and guardian altar in the territory laid down by the wood spirit clone, and completely incorporated them into the sphere of influence of Longyuan.

"Dad, this Qiu clan has been destroyed by us. This is the land deed card. At present, there is still a Gaotu clan in the third area, and the curse force to be conquered - the Feng clan!"

Xiaoluan happily handed over the title deed card.

Qin Feng took it with a smile.

He was very satisfied with the result.

"Luan'er, leave 100 people stationed here, and take the rest to destroy the Gaotu people."

0

"Yue'er, take Cao Yuan and Wei Tao to the Feng Clan to meet the Mirage clone."

"Okay! Dad!"

"Yes! Master!"

At the moment, the two little girls took their orders and left...

The expansion of Longyuan Town is officially on the right track.

After dealing with those trivial matters, Qin Feng broke his fingers and dripped blood on the land deed card...

【You are integrating the land Cheka (the Qiu tribe residence)…】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the resident master of the Qiu clan, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on getting a new site (medium grade) and get 2000 points. 】

[Congratulations, the number of sites you have obtained has been increased to 19. 】

"Not bad! The number of sites has reached 19! I only need one, and I will be able to unlock the feedback with a combat power of 2000 stars."

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

correct!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Counting the time, there are only two hours left before the Holy Land opens.

There's not much time left for him!

He must destroy the Blood Moon Clan and Haoyang Clan before the Holy Land opens.

Thinking of this, he raised his head and looked in the direction of the Bing Ling clone.

According to the speed of the Bing Ling clone, it will take another hour to reach Tanggu...

And Yueling clone was only ten minutes away from arriving at Yuesang Island.

The battle to destroy the Blood Moon Clan is about to begin!