Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the panel and operated it...

In just a moment, he was stationed in the Qiu Clan, established the teleportation formation and the guardian altar, and received another 3700 attribute rewards.

And the Qiu clan's resident is also completely included in the sphere of influence of Longyuan!

So far, Long Yuan's territory is getting bigger and bigger.

After doing this, Qin Feng checked his latest data again...

[Level]: Level 37 73.21%

[Reputation]: 1656 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 132,000 stars

[Free attribute]: 61,200 points

[Personal points]: 433,900 points

[Longyuan Points]: 551,600 points

good!

At the end of the night, Longyuan Town destroyed three guardian forces, and Longyuan Town's points rose a lot.

Qin Feng also profited a lot from it, and the free attribute points alone reached 61,200.

The level has also risen to level 37 by 73.21%, which is not far from level 38.

Qin Feng was very satisfied and started up happily.

After a while, the attribute points are added.

His basic combat power skyrocketed to 133,200 stars in one fell swoop.

After doing this, Qin Feng looked at the direction of Yueling's clone again.

In just five minutes, Yueling clone will be able to arrive at Yuesang Island.

It's time for him to act!

As long as the Blood Moon Clan is destroyed, he will be able to obtain the twentieth site and unlock the 2000-star feedback.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and disappeared out of thin air.

Chapter 43: Massacre the Blood Moon Clan! The ninth-order turtle shield!

At the same time, Yunzhou Island, the Yao nationality resident square.

Liu Xuan and other ten thousand Long Yuan disciples were waiting anxiously.

"Elder Qishan, count the time. It's less than two hours before the Holy Land opens. I wonder if the boss has arrived at Yuesang Island?"Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Liu Xuan looked at the Blood Moon Clan's station with some anxiety.

Qishan was also anxious: "Yes! Time is running out! We must destroy the Blood Moon Clan and Haoyang Clan before the Holy Land is opened. Otherwise, once the Holy Land is opened and the master enters the Holy Land, we will have no way to destroy it. They are."

Whether it's the Blood Moon Clan or the Haoyang Clan, there are experts like clouds in it, as well as the existence of the ninth level of heaven.

If Qin Feng did not take action, they would not be able to destroy these two mysterious forces at all.

But if you miss the time, Qin Feng's strength will be improved, but it will not be of great help!

In short, everyone is very concerned about Qin Feng's strength improvement.

That is directly related to whether Qin Feng can get more benefits from his trip to the Holy Land.

The number of opportunities and benefits of the Holy Land also affects whether Qin Feng can complete the final stage of the task of the god-level village.

Within ten days, the top ten mysterious forces were wiped out!

Among them, there is the existence of the peak of the demigods. Thinking about this task, I feel that it is too difficult.

If Qin Feng can't get enough breakthroughs in the trip to the Holy Land, I'm afraid it will be difficult to complete the task within ten days.

If the mission fails, the consequences are unimaginable!

According to the rules, Tiandao will take back all previous rewards.

That was a great blow to Qin Feng and Longyuan Town!

Thinking of this, everyone is naturally anxious.

"I guess the boss will be here soon!"

Lei Jue also looked anxiously into the distance.

Swish!

As soon as these words fell, a white light lit up above everyone's heads, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

Everyone was overjoyed when they saw Qin Feng.

"Are you all ready?"

Qin Feng looked around the crowd.

Liu Xuan said excitedly: "Boss, you have already prepared! We have left 300 people behind on Yunzhou Island. There are more than 9,000 people who are going to fight, and they are all gathered here."

"it is good!"

Qin Feng waved casually, and the white light flashed in the field.

In just a moment, he took everyone into the zero-degree space, and then disappeared out of thin air...

At the same time, Yuesang Island.

The blood moon clan resides in a courtyard.

Yatra paced back and forth restlessly.

Behind him, still stood his confidant - Ye Fang.

"Tai Shang, it's been less than two hours since the entrance to the Holy Land opened. Why hasn't there been any news from Venerable Soul Shadow?"

Ye Fang asked in a low voice.

Ye Fang is clear about Yatra's conspiracy.

He was originally a confidant of Yedra, and he was a clan with the same surname, and his interests were very close.

"It should be soon!"

Yatra looked at the distance with some anxiety.

It was at this moment that a mutation arose.

Above the courtyard, a large cloud of white mist suddenly appeared.

In the next second, the white mist rolled and formed a human figure.

"Hey! It's the fog concealment technique!"

"Soul Shadow Venerable!"

Yetra's eyes lit up, and they were instantly surprised.

Fog Hidden is an eighth-order skill!

That is also the signature skill of Venerable Soul Shadow!

They thought Venerable Soul Shadow arrived.

But in the next second, that foggy human figure turned into a handsome young man with black hair and black pupils, who was not Venerable Wuyin at all.

The two of them were shocked!

"It's a challenger!"

boom!

The voice just fell, and the person came to shoot!

The person here is the Moon Shadow clone!

As soon as the Moon Shadow clone arrived at Yuesang Island, the consciousness swept across the island, and immediately discovered the existence of Yedra.

This guy is actually a nine-level peak existence!

The strength of the Blood Moon Clan was somewhat beyond his expectations.

And capture the thief first capture the king, he wants to destroy the Blood Moon Clan, and naturally he must kill Yedra first, so he killed this courtyard as soon as possible.

Boom!

In an instant, Yueling's clone slapped it with a palm and turned into a big hand that enveloped the entire courtyard.

"court death!"

Yedra was furious!

He had discovered at the first time that the Moon Spirit clone was only an Earth-level realm.

A prefecture-level existence dared to take the initiative to attack him, isn't this courting death? !

boom! boom!

Immediately, Yetra raised his hand and punched, directly facing the big hand.

The momentum of the ninth-level peak of the heavenly level unfolded instantly without reservation.

He wants to slaughter this ignorant thing to scum!

At the same moment, Ye Fang also punched with all his strength to meet the attack of Yueling's clone.

The sneak attack of Yueling's clone also made him very angry, and naturally he would not let it go.

At this moment, Ye Dara and Ye Fang joined forces to give the attacking moon spirit clone a palm.

click! click! click!

In the blink of an eye, the palm of Yueling's clone slapped wildly.

Where the palm wind passes, the void is broken, and all dharmas are destroyed!

The imposing manner it exudes penetrates the sky and the ground, suddenly surpassing the limit of the peak of the sky.

You must know that Qin Feng's current combat power is 133,200 stars, plus the power of foundation building, it is 143,200 stars.

The clone is 80% of his combat power, which is about 115,000 stars.

In addition, he has mastered many S-level laws, and the comprehensive power of that palm has surpassed the limit of the peak of the sky, and it is even stronger than the original Soul Shadow Venerable.

In the blink of an eye, the two attacks collided!

boom! boom!

Two loud bangs in a row!

That palm instantly collapsed the attack of the two Yedras, and the castration continued, hitting them fiercely.

Bang!

Another loud bang!

Earth shakes!

The boulders fly!

The huge courtyard was smashed into powder by that palm!

For miles around, the earth cracked instantly!

The entire Sangyue Island is shaking violently!

All of a sudden, everyone in the Blood Moon Clan was shocked!

At the same time, Ye Fang, who was at the eighth level of that day, was bombed and killed on the spot.

The shrill screams echoed in the night sky!

Yedra was also slammed into the deep pit with a palm, spurting blood on the spot, and was severely injured.