Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, he dragged his injured body, crawled out of the palm pit in great horror, and was about to run away...

Omg!

What kind of existence is this challenger?

He is clearly at the prefecture level!

Why does the strength of a palm exceed the limit of the peak of the sky?

call out! call out! call out!

At the same moment, from every corner of Yuesang Island, one after another sky-level powerhouse flew out.

They were completely shocked by that palm!

"Shangshang! It is the courtyard of the Supremes!"

"Enemy attack! Someone attacked!"

In an instant, screams rang out from all directions.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Immediately afterwards, countless piercing sounds rushed towards this courtyard.

"Enemy attack! There is an enemy attack! Come and help me!"

Yatra also ran away and shouted for help.

not dead? !

Yueling clone sneered, flipped the palm of his hand, and the seventh-order Ming Ye sword appeared in his hand.

Swish!

In the next second, he slashed towards Yedra's back with a sword.

Ten thousand feet of sword light!

Chop down!

The attacking power of that sword was three points stronger than the previous palm, and it was extremely terrifying.

In the blink of an eye, that sword is about to fall!

Nightdragon is terrified!

But he was too late to avoid it!

In panic, he sacrificed a black turtle shell, turned it into a black shield, and faced the sword.

I saw that on the front of the tortoise shell, there were eight naturally formed Dao lines, arranged together in the shape of gossip, with extraordinary momentum.

In an instant, the shield and sword collided!

when!

A sound of gold and iron!

In the next second, Yetra was spit out blood and flew out.

But the turtle shield also blocked the sword of the Moon Spirit clone!

what!

The defense of this turtle shield is so strong!

Yueling's clone looked at the turtle shield in surprise, feeling that it was not ordinary.

It was at this moment that Yedra stabilized his body.

He looked at the tortoise shield in front of him in surprise, secretly thinking that with this treasure, it was impossible for the Moon Spirit clone to kill him.

But only when this thought came up, a white light flashed above his head, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

Swish!

Without waiting for Ye Dara to think about it, Qin Feng slashed down with one knife.

Ye Dara was horrified and hurriedly put up a tortoise shield to resist.

Click!

A crisp sound!

Qin Feng slashed open the turtle shield with one knife, castrated unabated, and split Yedra into two halves...

puff!

Blood shot!

The shrill screams are echoing!

Yedra died tragically on the spot!

But in the next second, the tortoise shield, which was split in half, flew up automatically, and merged into one, with the same breath, without the slightest damage.

treasure!

This is definitely a ninth-order treasure!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, he quickly waved his hand, and took the turtle shield into his hands.

"They they killed too much!"

"Kill them! Kill them!"

At this moment, more than 200 Heaven-level experts from the Blood Moon Clan arrived.

Behind them, 15,000 prefecture-level powerhouses followed, all of them flying into the air with a mighty momentum.

This Blood Moon Clan is indeed much stronger than the Yaotian Clan.

And as soon as they arrived over the courtyard, they saw Qin Feng beheading Yedra.

Suddenly, the blood moon people were extremely angry, and their eyes were blood red with anger!

boom! boom! boom!

In an instant, more than two hundred heaven-level powerhouses attacked Qin Feng and Yueling at the same time.

That joint effort is astonishing, comparable to a full-strength strike at the peak of the sky.

Qin Feng sneered, and after putting away the turtle shield, he swept the audience with one knife.

Suddenly, the blade of the God-defying God, the golden light shines!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, penetrating the sky!

The moon spirit clone also shot at the same time, a sword light and cold, bright through the night!

Swish! Swish!

One sword and one sword, sweeping the world!

puff! puff! puff!

In just one face-to-face, Qin Feng and Yueling's clones collapsed and destroyed more than 200 attacks!

And the sword light and the sword light are still non-stop, cutting one heaven-level powerhouse after another into two pieces.

Click! Click! Click!

Suddenly, one **** corpse after another rolled down from the air.

At the same time, one after another dazzling white light flew up from below and poured into Qin Feng's body frantically.

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (the eighth-level peak of the sky), you get +13,000 attributes, +140 million energy points, and +2500 points. 】

[You have successfully killed the Hidden One (Ninth Level Peak of the Heavenly Rank), you will get +50,000 attributes, +300 million energy points, and +6000 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Sixth Heavenly Rank), you get +6422 attributes, +83.27 million energy points, and +1400 points. 0.4]

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy values, and points are skyrocketing wildly.

In that one encounter, he and the Moon Shadow clone joined forces to kill two hundred heavenly powerhouses.

The remaining dozens of heaven-level powerhouses were also slashed by them and vomited blood and flew out.

This made the more than 15,000 prefecture-level powerhouses completely dumbfounded.

They originally rushed over and were about to follow suit.

Seeing this scene, they were dumbfounded.

The next second, they screamed and ran away.

Even more than 200 heaven-level powerhouses joined forces, and they couldn't support each other's face-to-face.

They are useless no matter how many!

The moon shadow avatar dodged, and then chased and killed those local powerhouses.

The next second, the sword light flashed in the field, and a large number of children of the Blood Moon tribe were beheaded by him.

Hundreds of corpses rolled down from the air.

Qin Feng also waved his hand and released Liu Xuan and others.

In the next second, the army of Long Yuan rushed into the army of the Blood Moon, slashing and slashing arbitrarily, cutting down one blood moon disciple after another on the spot.

Qin Feng also joined the battle to clean up those heaven-level powerhouses who had slipped through the net.

Suddenly, under the bright moon, screams came one after another, resounding through the night sky

In the sky, there is endless blood fog!

At the same time, white light after another kept pouring into Qin Feng's body.

Let his attributes, energy, and points soar like crazy

Chapter 431 The land of Tanggu, the divine tree of heaven and earth!

After half an hour, the battle is over!

The Blood Moons were slaughtered.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light.

【Your level has been promoted to level 38! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Finally got another level up!

This is one step closer to the goal of level 40!

As long as he reaches level 40, he can participate in the Tianwu assessment and be promoted to the realm of heaven.

Qin Feng smiled and was full of expectations.

Then, he looked at the audience again...

I saw that everyone in Long Yuan was cleaning up the battlefield and collecting loot.

At this time, everyone's face was full of joy.

The Blood Moon Clan is much stronger than the Yaotian Clan, and everyone gains more naturally.

At the moment, the Moon Spirit clone also began to clean up the bodies of the heavenly powerhouses.

Qin Feng dodged and came to Yedra's body.

This old man is a peak powerhouse of the ninth level of heaven, and it is worth extracting...

With this in mind, he stepped forward to extract the body...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of Xuanwu blood essence (top grade)]