Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

what!

Xuanwu blood!

Still top quality!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes were full of joy.

Xuanwu is one of the four spirits, and is one of the top divine beasts along with Qinglong, Suzaku, and White Tiger.

Unexpectedly, this old man has Xuanwu blood on his body.

What an unexpected bonus!

Qin Feng aimed at the blood in front of him again.

[Xuanwu blood essence (top grade): Quasi-ninth grade, water attribute. 】

good! good!

The high-grade Xuanwu blood essence has reached the quasi-ninth rank, which is only slightly inferior to the high-grade Qinglong blood essence, which is already very impressive.

Qin Feng was delighted and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a ball of Xuanwu blood essence (top grade 17). 】

Got another bunch!

continue!

【Endless extraction failed! The basalt blood essence in the target's body has been absorbed cleanly...]

Qin Feng put away the essence and blood with satisfaction.

By the way, the turtle shield he grabbed from the old man before seems to be a treasure.

Thinking of this, he quickly took out the turtle shield to check it.

[Mysterious turtle shell: a ninth-order item (lower grade), this is the turtle shell of the False God realm mysterious turtle, which has a very strong defense. 】ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

[Reminder: This item can be used for refining, and it also has special magical uses. 】

what!

It was actually the shell of the mysterious turtle in the False God realm!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Then this turtle shell is not easy!

The realm above the demigod realm is the virtual **** realm.

This turtle shell is just a starting material and has not been polished in any way.

If you use it as the main body, you can definitely create a ninth-order mid-grade spiritual shield.

Of course, it must have other magical uses, but Qin Feng doesn't know it yet.

In fact, the bargaining chip of Yedra and Wanling Race is this mysterious turtle shell.

That Wanling Patriarch - Venerable Soul Void, if you want to get it, there are other wonderful uses.

Now, it has fallen into Qin Feng's hands.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the mysterious turtle shell with satisfaction, and put away Yedra's storage ring.

He glanced at the storage ring and smiled again.

This guy's net worth is really rich!

After he is free, he will study it carefully...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng also turned around to clean up the battlefield.

Those more than 200 corpses of heaven-level powerhouses contained a lot of treasures...

In the blink of an eye, another quarter of an hour passed.

After the battlefield was cleaned up, everyone made a lot of money.

Qin Feng's harvest is naturally extremely rich.

Afterwards, Liu Xuan and others excitedly added points to improve their strength...

And Qin Feng took out a title deed card and began to break his fingers and drip blood into the title deed card...

After a while, the Ticheka turned into a golden light and poured into his body...

【You are merging the land deed card (the residence of the blood moon tribe)... 】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the resident master of the Blood Moon clan, and have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained a new site (special grade) and get 10,000 points. 】

[Congratulations on your personal points increase to 734,600 points...]

[Congratulations to Longyuan Points for raising to 901,200 points...]

Boom!

With a shock of the earth, Qin Feng became the master of Yuesang Island.

Afterwards, he opened the mayor's operation interface and continued to operate...

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', located at Sangyue Island in Wanjie Hai... Mayor Qin Feng received 200 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', located at Sangyue Island in Wanjie Hai.... Mayor Qin Feng received 1000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located at Sangyue Island in Wanjie Hai.... Mayor Qin Feng received 500 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has promoted the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is located at Sangyue Island in Wanjie Hai.... Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points as a reward]

After some operations, the Blood Moon Clan's residence was completely incorporated into Longyuan's territory.

Qin Feng also got 3700 attribute rewards!

[Task reminder: Congratulations on your complete annihilation of the second mysterious force - the Blood Moon Clan! 】

call!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Finally destroyed the second mysterious force.

correct!

The Blood Moon Clan is stronger than the Yaotian Clan, so the benefits should be more!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked...

[Level]: Level 38 93.21%

[Reputation]: 1656 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 133,200 stars

[Free attribute]: 873,000 points

[Personal points]: 734,600 points

[Longyuan Points]: 901,200 points

After checking this, Qin Feng smiled.

This time the harvest is really great!

The points alone reached 901,200 points!

And the free attribute points have reached 873,000 points, which is much stronger than that of the Yao Tianzu.

At the moment, Qin Feng wants to increase his strength.

But at this moment, Liu Xuan, Qishan, and Lei Jue came over happily.

"Master, the battlefield has been cleaned up, and the remnants of everyone's corners have also been cleaned up!"

"Boss, everyone has finished adding points, waiting for your new instructions!"

Qishan and Liu Xuan reported the latest progress.

Qin Feng nodded slightly, looked at Qishan, Liu Xuan, and Lei Jue, and showed a relieved smile.

This time, the three of Liu Xuan have gained a lot, and their combat power has broken through 4000 stars, reaching the level of the third level of heaven.

When he looked at the other Long Yuan disciples, all of them had a huge increase in combat power.

Among them, Liu Yuan, Wu Yong, Long Shan, and more than a dozen others, all had their combat power broken through 3,000 stars and reached the second level of Heaven.

As for the combat power breaking 2000 stars, it actually reached 200 people in one fell swoop.

This is equivalent to saying that Longyuan Town already has more than 200 first-level powerhouses.

Such strength is not inferior to the mysterious forces at all...

Seeing this, Qin Feng was quite relieved.

Immediately, he said: "Let's arrange it, and leave a few hundred people here. The remaining 9,000 people, make some preparations! In a while, follow me to exterminate the Haoyang Clan!"

"Yes!"

The three rejoiced.

When the three of Liu Xuan left, Qin Feng was about to add some more...

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 20, and successfully unlocking the 2000-star combat power feedback...]

In the next second, one after another, white light flew from the void and madly poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Reminder: Your subordinate Liu Xuan's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Qishan's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Lei Jue's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

...

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and his attribute points soared wildly again...

He was surprised!

2000-star feedback! Finally unlocked!

In a blink of an eye, more than 200 channels feed back into the body.

Qin Feng has skyrocketed more than 80,000 attributes.

He aimed at the attribute point column again...

[Free attribute]: 954,700 points

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

At the moment, he happily added his starting point...

At the same time, the first division, the northern region.

The Bing Ling clone looked into the distance, with amazement in his eyes.

I saw that tens of thousands of miles away, there was a towering ancient tree with a height of hundreds of millions of feet, standing on the sky, with its own rays of light.

In this dark night, it is particularly conspicuous!

Even if they are separated by tens of thousands of miles, the Ice Spirit clone can be seen from a distance.

That is a ninth-order heaven and earth spirit tree!

Below that spiritual tree, there is a valley called Tanggu, which is the old nest of the Haoyang clan.

"It's finally here!"

Bing Ling muttered in his mind.

Although he could see the spirit tree, it would take more than ten minutes to get to Tanggu.

The so-called Wangshan runs a dead horse, that's exactly what it is!