Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Having said that, the ninth-order spiritual tree is a landmark in this area, and it is also one of the treasures of the Haoyang clan.

Thinking of this, the Ice Spirit clone rushed towards the Heaven and Earth Spirit Tree.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to appear out of thin air with a flash of white light beside him.

At this moment, Qin's fighting power was different from before.

It turned out that he had already added 954,700 attributes.

This made his basic combat power soar to 151,550 stars in one fell swoop.

If you count the power of foundation building, his comprehensive combat power is 161,000 stars.

If you count the backfeed of the Blade of the God-defying God, it would be 201,000, suddenly reaching the threshold of the demigod realm.

Of course, if Qin Feng and Xiao Luan'er are psychically combined again, their combat power will skyrocket.

Such an increase in strength makes Qin Feng very satisfied, and he has more confidence for the next trip to the Holy Land.

"Sure enough!"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at the towering spiritual tree in the distance and smiled.

Liu Xuan and other 9,000 disciples of Long Yuan have been taken into the zero-dimensional space by him, and everything is ready.

I wonder what kind of resistance the Haoyang Clan will have this time?

And this ninth-order spiritual tree of the Haoyang Clan seems a bit complicated!

Qin Feng murmured and rushed towards Tanggu.

Ice Spirit clones follow

At the same time, in District 3.

Somewhere in the jungle, a team of more than 300 people is carefully shuttling.

The head was a blond man with blue eyes, with a faint body odor on his body.

At this moment, he took out a map and was looking at something.

This person is the village head of the Free Alliance Village - William.

"William Sang, how long will it take to arrive at the Feng Clan's station?"

Chunky Yamamoto leaned over.

"Oh! Dear Mr. Yamamoto, we'll be there in just two hours' walk."

William put away the map with a smile on his face.

"Yo Xi! It's almost here!"

Yamamoto was also happy.

These words just fell, and there were several rapid bursts of air not far away.

"I buy it! Someone is coming!"

"Axi! Everyone hurry up and hide!"

William and the others dodged and hid in the bushes.

Their strength is too weak. When they encounter troubles, the first time they hide is to hide.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

That is the best way to save their lives for them.

In just a moment, William and the others hid their figures.

At this moment, the sound of breaking the air came, and three figures appeared in the field.

It was an extremely beautiful girl and two young people.

After they saw the appearance of the two young people, they were a little dumbfounded.

It was actually Cao Yuan and Wei Tao!

It turned out that these three were Qiyue, Cao Yuan, and Wei Tao.

They passed by here and were about to rush to the Feng clan station

Chapter 432: The audience will be shocked, and they will all be slaughtered!

In the bushes, William stared blankly at Cao Yuan and Wei Tao, a little surprised.

But the next second, a look of surprise appeared on his face.

These two fish that slipped through the net of Yanhuang Village actually appeared here.

He kept thinking about when he would find Cao Yuan and kill them.

Unexpectedly, these two took the initiative to send it to the door!

"Mr. William, it's Cao Yuan and Wei Tao!"

"Axi! They are still alive!".

"Yo Xi! This time, we must kill them! We can't let them escape!"

Yamamoto and Kim Jae-won were also in William's ear, and whispered excitedly.

The three of them looked at each other with joy in their eyes.

Obviously, they did not take Cao Yuan and the two of them seriously.

They also thought that as long as they made a move, Cao Yuan and the two would surely die.

As everyone knows, the two of Cao Yuan are not what they used to be.

It was at this moment that Qi Yue suddenly stopped.

Miss Qiyue, why didn't you leave? ".

Cao Yuan and the two were puzzled and stopped.

Qi Yue did not speak, but turned to look at the bushes hidden by William and others.

Whoa!

At this moment, there was a sound of grass turning.

William and the others walked out of the bushes one after another.

In just a moment, more than 300 people showed up, and the three of Qiyue were the main group.

"It's you!"

"William!"

When the two of Cao Yuan saw William, they were shocked and angry, and hatred erupted in their eyes.

"Oh! Dear Mr. Cao Yuan, we meet again, this time, you can't escape",

William folded his arms around his chest and walked over with a smug look on his face.

Yamamoto and Kim Jae-won followed.

The surrounding Baipi and his lackeys also showed the look of watching the show.

In their opinion, the two of Cao Yuan are doomed!

"William?!"

Qi Yue muttered and looked up at William who was oncoming.

Wei Tao hurriedly explained: "Miss Qiyue, he is the guy who killed our village chief Yanhuang, and the mission order is on him.

"It was him!"

Qi Yue's eyes lit up, and her eyes were full of joy.

The mission order that the master wanted finally appeared.

She was still worried about how to find it, but she didn't expect this guy to come to the door.

"Oh! God! There are such beautiful little girls in this world!"

William also saw Qi Yue, and his tone was light.

After a while, he came closer.

But as soon as he got close, a thick body odor came to his face.

Qiyue frowned so much that she couldn't help covering Qiong's nose.

This action caused William's self-esteem to be frustrated and a feeling of being offended.

But he also knew that he had body odor, and after running for his life for days, the sweat evaporated, and the body odor became stronger.

But it's not his fault!

Most people with white skin in the West have body odor, which is like the people in Longguo who basically do not have body odor.

Having said that, this little girl is very unfamiliar, but she looks very similar to the people of Longguo.

Could it be that this little girl is also from the Dragon Kingdom?

At this time, Wei Tao also saw Qi Yue's discomfort.

He hurriedly explained in a low voice, "Miss Qiyue, this William is a Westerner, most of them have a body odor, you have to bear it!"

Qi Yue was surprised: "It's strange! Both of you are from Blue Star, why don't you people from Longguo have body odor, but they do! By the way, the hair on their faces is very long, as if they haven't evolved."

Wei Tao shrugged: "Perhaps! On the Blue Star, the white-skinned people in the West have been savage for thousands of years, and it is only in the last few hundred years that civilization has developed. Perhaps it is because of this that they have not evolved completely, leaving many features of primitive people. ." I

Qiyue suddenly said, "Yes! As far as I know, those people from the Middle Thousand World and the Human World of Daqian World don't have the characteristics of hairy and body odor. It seems that these western white skins have not evolved thoroughly enough."

The whispers of the two made William furious.

"Oh! Fake squid! Who says we haven't evolved completely? We Caucasians are the best race on Bluestar!"

Yamamoto hurriedly said: "Mr. William, don't talk nonsense with them! We will kill Cao Yuan and Wei Tao. As for this beautiful flower girl...hehe!"

Having said this, Yamamoto revealed a wretched smile.

Cao Yuan was furious: "Want to kill us? Humph! We are going to report to you for nine! Tonight, don't even want to live!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was stunned.

Immediately, the audience burst into laughter!

"Oh! Mr. Cao Yuan, you are so funny! Just the three of you want to kill all three hundred of us?"

"William-san, this guy must be out of his mind, what he said is really laughable! Haha!"

Everyone laughed proudly and looked at Cao Yuan one by one, as if they were watching a clown.

Not long ago, they killed the Yanhuang village. Cao Yuan and Wei Tao were lucky and escaped in the chaos.

Now, these two guys have run out of good use, and being surrounded by them has become a mortal situation.

But at this moment, Cao Yuan dared to be stubborn, and it was too funny!

"Oh! Mr. Cao Yuan, I feel ridiculous for your naivety! Just because you and Wei Tao are at the human level, even if they join forces, they can't beat me, let alone kill all of us. We have three hundred people here. There are many people, and there are three or four prefecture-level realms."

William pretended to be elegant and put on the look of a cat playing with a mouse.

Yamamoto and Kim Jae-won did the same, both showing a look of watching a good show.

The people around showed contempt and disdain.

Cao Yuan looked around and saw everyone's expressions.

At this moment, he sneered inwardly.

This group of inexperienced guys didn't know that after he and Wei Tao joined Longyuan Town, there was a reborn change.

Now, he wants to let these guys have a good experience and see who can have the last laugh? !

Thinking of this, he looked at William: "William, do you dare to fight me one-on-one?!"

"Oh! It's just you?!"

William looked disdainful.

He didn't take Cao Yuan into his eyes at all. I