Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

But before he could finish speaking, Yamamoto came out.

"William Sang, let me do it! You don't need to do anything to deal with this Dragon Country boy!!"

Yamamoto looked proud.

Not long after he broke through to the prefecture-level realm, he was just about to show off in front of everyone, but now he just tried Cao Yuan.

"Oh! Mr. Yamamoto, since you're interested, I'll leave it to you. I hope you can deal with him soon!"

William smiled nonchalantly, as if he was doing something insignificant.

"William Sang, don't worry! I can kill him within three moves!"

Clang!

A knife body vibrates!

Yamamoto pulled out the samurai sword from his waist, strode to Cao Yuan, raised one hand and pointed the sword at Cao Yuan.

"Cao Yuan! Raise your sword! Let's have a fair duel among warriors!"

"it is good!"

Clang!

Cao Yuan also drew out the long sword from his waist and pointed it at Yamamoto.

The two face off!

The atmosphere in the field was instantly tense!

All eyes were on the two of them.

Wei Tao's eyes were full of expectations.

This Yamamoto has killed many people in Yanhuang Village. He hopes that Cao Yuan can kill Yamamoto and avenge the dead villagers!

On the other hand, everyone on William's side looked like they were watching a good show.

"Oh! Mr. Kim Jae-won, do you think Mr. Yamamoto can kill Cao Yuan within three moves?"

William touched his chin and smiled lightly.

Jin Zaiyuan smiled and said, "Let me see, without three moves, Yamamoto can kill Cao Yuan in one move. You know, Yamamoto is a prefecture-level powerhouse, and that Cao Yuan is only at the human level."

William smiled and said: "Oh! It seems that there is a good show to watch!"

These words just fell, and the field changed suddenly!

boom!

In just an instant, Yamamoto's whole body burst out.

Boom!

In the next second, the fire energy between heaven and earth rushed towards him frantically.

Yamamoto's momentum suddenly soared all the way!

This is exactly the means of the Earth-level realm!

Control the power of heaven and earth!

In the blink of an eye, Yamamoto's momentum skyrocketed to around 400 stars.

"Wow! Four hundred stars!"

"So strong!"

Everyone around was amazed!

In their eyes, the prefecture-level realm is the powerhouse.

Even if it is a low-grade foundation building, it is extremely powerful!

"Cao Yuan, die! Haha!"

At this moment, Yamamoto dodged and rushed towards Cao Yuan with a wild laugh.

His eyes were full of sternness, and there was an intention to kill.

In the blink of an eye, he was near.

Swish!

Knife light flashed!

He slashed at Cao Yuan with a slashing sword, and the light of the sword illuminated the night, extremely fierce!

Everyone's eyes widened in excitement.

They were all looking forward to Yamamoto slashing Cao Yuan to death.

It was at this time that Cao Yuan made his move.

Swish!

The sword light flashed!

The fierce sword qi rises into the sky!

That sword directly met the knife light!

At this moment, Cao Yuan's momentum also burst out suddenly, suddenly surpassing 900 stars

In the blink of an eye, swords meet!

when!

click!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Cao Yuan cut off the long sword with one sword, and even split Yamamoto in half!

puff!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

That Yamamoto didn't even have time to scream, he was hacked and killed on the spot!

Puff!

The corpse fell to the ground with a muffled sound!

Everyone was dumbfounded, and their eyes were wide open!

The field fell into a dead silence in an instant, and you could even hear a needle falling!

They couldn't believe that Cao Yuan suddenly became so strong that he killed Yamamoto with a single sword.

Is this not a dream?

Afterwards, everyone woke up and roared again and again!

"Oh! Fake Squid! He killed Mr. Guanben!

"Axi! Do it! Let's kill him together!"

"Eight Grid Road!"

Suddenly, the audience roared!

More than 300 people will be shot at the same time.

But at this moment, Qi Yue sneered, and with a wave of her hand, hundreds of lightsabers shot towards the surroundings.

call out! call out! call out!

Bah! Bah! Bah!

Wherever the lightsaber went, it instantly pierced through the chest cavity, leaving behind a bowl-sized transparent kelong, which made people die beyond death!

Puff! Puff! Puff!

One body after another

In just one encounter, Qiyue killed more than 300 people, leaving only William and Jin Zaiyuan, standing there shivering.

"Oh! God! How... how could this be?!"

William's lips trembled, and he looked at Qi Yue in horror.

This girl was so strong, it was beyond his comprehension.

Kim Jae-won was so frightened that his legs trembled and he stepped back involuntarily.

"Want to escape?"

Wei Tao dodged and came to Jin Zaiyuan.

Puff!

Jin Zaiyuan's legs softened, and he knelt directly to the ground, wailing.

"Weitao Smecta! I was wrong! I was really wrong! It's not that I want to kill you people from Yanhuang Village! Those are William and Yamamoto's ideas!"

Up to now, he has realized what kind of existence the three of Qiyue are, and there is no way to survive except begging for mercy.

Wei Tao was angry: "No matter who's idea, you ungrateful sticks, you should be damned!",

"Wei Taosmida! I was really wrong! For the sake of our sticks being the sons of Long Guo's gods, spare my life!"

"Bitch! Go to hell!"

Swish!

Knife light flashed!

puff!

Wei Tao split Jin Zaiyuan in half with one knife!

Blood splashes!

A mournful roar echoed in the night sky.

Seeing this scene, William turned and ran away in fright.

call!

Cao Yuan dodged and chased after him.

call!Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Wei Tao followed closely.

How could they possibly let go of the first evil that killed Yanhuang Village.

Hearing the wind blowing from the back of his head, William was extremely frightened.

Ow!

In the next second, a wolf howl came out of his mouth!

Under the moonlight, his figure skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, he swelled in a circle, turning into a monster with a wolf-headed body, and his aura also skyrocketed, reaching about 600 stars.

He was actually the Western werewolf rumored on Blue Star!

In this time of life and death, he no longer hides.

But such strength is still not enough to see in front of Cao Yuan and the two of them.

He had just completed his transformation, and the two of Cao Yuan had already killed him.

Swish! Swish!

The sword light and the sword light light up at the same time!

William turned around in fright, with both claws out, resisting the attack!

How could William be able to resist the attack of the two of Cao Yuan!

puff!

puff!