Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Two crisp sounds!

Flesh splattered!

The sword split open the wolf's claws and cut into William's body, splitting him into four pieces on the spot!

Ow!

A mournful roar echoed in the night sky!

Like a wolf!

Puff!

The corpse fell to the ground, making a muffled sound!

William was beheaded, and he couldn't die any longer.

"Finally killed it!"

"Yeah! We finally avenged the villagers!"

Cao Yuan and the two were deeply moved.

Afterwards, the two began to clean up William's body.

It didn't take long for Cao Yuan to take out a black token from William's storage ring with the Phoenix Divine Bird engraved on the back.

At the moment, he took the token and walked quickly to Qiyue.

"Miss Qiyue, this is the mission order to conquer the Feng Clan!"

"That's great! It's finally here!"

Qiyue happily took it.

This is one of the things a master needs most!

Chapter 433 The Lord of True Destiny, time is running out!

At the moment, Qiyue happily put away the mission order.

Afterwards, she closed her eyes and sent a message to the phantom avatar using teleportation.

After a while, she opened her eyes with a smile on her face.

"Miss Qiyue, how is the situation?"

Cao Yuan asked with concern.

Qi Yue smiled: "I have sent a message to the Mirage clone, and he will come to us soon."

Cao Yuan was overjoyed: "That's great!"

Wei Tao also said excitedly: "If the boss can subdue the Feng Clan before the Holy Land opens, it will be of great benefit to him!"

Qiyue nodded with a smile: "Of course! If we can conquer the Phoenix clan, our Longyuan is expected to rise to level 7. And the upgrade of Longyuan will greatly help the master's strength."

Cao Yuan said with a look of anticipation: "I hope this time, the boss can successfully conquer the Feng clan!"

Qi Yue smiled and said, "Stop talking about this! Let's clean up the battlefield first!"Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Um!"

At the moment, the three began to clear the battlefield

At the same moment, somewhere over the jungle.

The Mirage clone is holding a rough map and looking at it while flying

It was a hand-painted map of the Feng Clan by Cao Yuan. It was a bit rough, with many landmarks, and the drawing was somewhat distorted.

There was no way, Cao Yuan had never been to District 3.

The map he knew was hand-painted by the previous village chief Yanhuang based on the map on the mission information.

Only the level of drawing is relatively limited.

It took a lot of effort to find the correct route for the phantom avatar.

At this moment, he looked at the valley in front of him, but showed a happy expression.

According to the map, the valley ahead should be the Fengming Valley where the Wind Clan resides.

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar dodged and flew towards the valley ahead.

In just a moment, he was over the valley.

Looking around, the valley is about 300 miles in diameter, which is very vast.

As soon as the Mirage distracted his mind, his consciousness swept across the valley...

Since Qin Feng's soul strength has reached the limit of the peak of the sky, the scanning range of his consciousness has reached about 500 miles and 957.

The clone is 80% of the main body's strength, which is about four hundred miles.

In just an instant, the consciousness of the phantom avatar shrouded the entire valley and saw everything inside clearly.

"There are more than 5,700 people in total, all of them are at the prefecture level. The weakest person has a 900-star combat power, and there are more than 130 people who have broken through the 2,000-star level."

"Comparing the per capita quality of the Feng clan with the disciples of Longyuan, that's not too much! It's very suitable for them to be the townspeople of Longyuan!"

The Mirage clone muttered, very satisfied.

Having said that, the per capita quality of the Feng clan and the mysterious force are on the same level, so it can be seen that it is not an ordinary servant force.

If you want to conquer such a powerful servant force, I am afraid that the task to be completed behind it will not be simple.

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, the Mirage clone seemed to have discovered something, and looked towards the tallest building in the center of the valley.

In that building, there is a mysterious secret room.

The divine consciousness of the phantom avatar could not penetrate into the secret room, and it seemed that some barrier was blocking his divine consciousness.

It's rare to see things that can block divine consciousness!

At the door of the secret room, there was also a white-haired mother-in-law and a beautiful red-haired girl.

The two seemed to be guarding the secret room.

At this moment, the two were talking in a low voice at the door of the secret room.

However, the content of their conversation was clearly heard by the Mirage clone.

This is the magical effect of divine consciousness, which can not only replace vision and spy on everything, but also replace hearing and eavesdrop on everything.

At the moment, the phantom clone whispered curiously.

I saw that the white-haired mother-in-law looked out the window from time to time with an anxious look on her face.

"Hey! It's less than an hour before dawn!"

The white-haired mother-in-law sighed helplessly.

The red-haired **** the side looked at the sky outside and frowned slightly.

"Yes! The entrance to the Holy Land will be opened when it is dawn. It seems that this year's Holy Land chance will be missed by our family!"

The red-haired girl murmured.

The white-haired mother-in-law smiled bitterly: "Yeah! My clan has a holy land pass, but it can't be used. According to the rules of heaven, it is also helpless to activate that pass only if my clan has to find the Lord of True Destiny! "

Over the valley, the Mirage clone eavesdropped on this, and was greatly surprised.

He did not expect that the Feng Clan also had a Holy Land Pass in their hands.

Also, what happened to the "Lord of True Destiny" in their mouths?

Thinking of this, he continued to eavesdrop...

I saw the red-haired girl with a depressed face: "Mother-in-law, how easy is it to find the Lord of True Destiny? My Feng Clan stayed in this session, waiting for the appearance of the Lord of True Destiny for more than seven thousand years. "

"In the past 7,000 years, there were also six challengers who rushed to our clan with mission orders, wanting to become the true masters of our clan. But what happened? None of them completed the mission of the true destiny, and they all died tragically at the altar. down, hey!"

Speaking of which, the red-haired girl sighed.

The white-haired mother-in-law smiled bitterly: "Yeah! The Lord of True Destiny is by no means a mediocre talent. If you don't have a super talent, it's almost impossible to complete that challenging task! However, if you can complete that task, you will get great benefits. big."

Hearing this, the red-haired girl became even more worried.

She said with a bitter face: "Hey! Mother-in-law, after you say this, I think this year is even more hopeless. You must know that two of the challengers from the previous six worlds are from the Daqian world, and four are from the middle world. ."

"Unfortunately! They all failed, and they all died tragically in the challenge. Let's look at this year's challenger, from a small world called Lanxing. The talent and potential are far inferior to the human beings in the middle and big worlds."

"It's almost impossible to have one of them, the Lord of True Destiny! Don't say anything else, just follow the progress in the past. There should be a challenger, come to our clan with the task order to accept the challenge task. But this This year's challenge, no one has come so far, which shows that their strength is too weak."

The white-haired mother-in-law smiled bitterly: "That's true! Hey! Time waits for no one! If no one can become the master of true destiny after dawn, my clan will lose the chance of a holy land at most once."

"But after the entrance to the Holy Land is closed, there is still no one to take up the challenge mission, and our family will lose the opportunity to find the Lord of True Destiny. We have to wait another thousand years for the next challenge."

The red-haired girl smiled bitterly: "It takes one hour from the opening to the closing of the entrance to the Holy Land. That is to say, within an hour after dawn, no one will come to pick up the challenge task. My clan has been waiting for a thousand years. This year's challenge You also lose a big chance!"

The white-haired mother-in-law said anxiously: "Yes! Time is running out! It will be dawn in an hour at most. After the dawn, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened and closed. There are only less than 2 hours left."

In fact, the white-haired mother-in-law was not willing to wait another thousand years.

The Feng clan has been in this world for too long.

They have long wanted to follow the Lord of True Destiny, slaughter all worlds, and compete for hegemony in the world.

In that case, they can also break the curse of their own family, that is, the curse that cannot break through to the realm of heaven.

Looking at it now, there seems to be little hope.

This thousand years, they have to wait in vain again.

Over the valley, when the Mirage clone heard this, his heart became hot.

He roughly heard the truth.

That is to say, as long as the challenger holds the mission order, he has the opportunity to take a challenge mission.

If the challenge task is completed, the challenger will have the opportunity to become the 'Lord of True Destiny' and obtain a lot of benefits.

At the same time, the Feng clan will be enshrined as the "Lord of True Destiny" as the master of their clan.

However, this task is time-limited.

In two hours or so, the time limit will come.

If no one can accept the challenge mission, this main mission of True Destiny will be invalid!

At this thought, the phantom avatar was also a little anxious.

Two hours!

The whereabouts of that mission order is still unknown!

Could it be that this time, he is going to miss this big opportunity?

Only when this thought came, Qi Yue's spiritual voice transmission came.

The phantom avatar's eyes lit up for a while, and there was a look of joy on his face.

Ha ha!

He is so lucky!

He was worried that he had no mission order and could not receive the mission. He didn't expect good news to come from Qiyue.

Immediately, as soon as he thought about it, he replied to Qiyue with a telepathy.

After doing this, he peeped out to the door of the secret room again...

When I saw the door of the secret room, the anxiety on the face of the white-haired mother-in-law became stronger and stronger.

As time went by, she felt that the hope of someone coming to take over the mission was getting slimmer.

She is not willing to wait for a thousand years in vain!

On the other hand, the red-haired **** the side looked sad for a moment, then smiled nonchalantly.

"Mother-in-law, I feel that it would be a good thing if there is no 'Lord of True Destiny' in this world."

The white-haired mother-in-law frowned: "Ying'er, how can you think so? The Lord of True Destiny is rarely seen in ten thousand years. You actually think that if the Lord of True Destiny cannot be born this time, then my family will be cursed for thousands of years. already."