Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Ying's small mouth twitched: "Mother-in-law, what do you think! This term's patriarch of the Feng clan is my sister. She is the first genius born in my clan for thousands of years. With her talent and aptitude, how could she Recognize ordinary people as the main?"

"This…"

Hearing this, the white-haired mother-in-law also hesitated.

The current head of the Feng family is her grandniece.

At this moment, the patriarch is retreating in the secret room behind them, breaking through the bottleneck.

With the talent and potential of their patriarch, becoming someone else's servant is really a bit subservient.

Even if the other party is the master of true life, she feels a little pity.

If there is no curse restriction, their patriarch is completely hopeful to become a powerhouse in the demigod realm, and even become a powerhouse in the virtual **** realm in the future.

At this time, the red-haired girl Feng Ying said again: "Mother-in-law, if there is a 'Lord of True Destiny' this year, it will be born in Xiaoqianjie. Human beings in Xiaoqianjie have a little less talent after all!"

"Do you think that the master of true destiny born in Xiaoqianjie is worthy of being the master of my sister? I always feel that it is a little worse. If it was born in Daqianjie, it would be a bit reluctant."

The white-haired mother-in-law smiled bitterly: "You girl! Do you think the Lord of True Destiny is easy to appear? It's amazing to have the strength to give birth to one, and you still choose from three to four?"

Feng Ying stuck out her pink tongue, and said no more...

Outside, over the valley.

When the Mirage clone heard this, he smiled and shook his head.

This girl doesn't even think that Xiaoqianjie was born.

This is prejudice!

After he receives the task, let her open her eyes!

Although his body was born in Xiaoqian World, his strength and talent are far higher than those of Daqian World humans of the same rank.

Thinking of this, Mirage was also a little unconvinced in her body and mind.

It was at this moment that Qi Yue replied.

The phantom mirage distracted and waved.

In the next second, a white light flashed in front of him, and Qiyue appeared out of thin air.

"Owner!"

When Qiyue saw the phantom avatar, she immediately showed a happy expression.

"Master, is the Wind Clan station below?"

Later, she discovered that there was a huge valley below, and she could vaguely sense that there were humans living there.

"Yes! Are Cao Yuan and Wei Tao arranged?"

"It's arranged! The two of them continue to walk over. With their current strength, it is no problem to cross those jungles."

"That's good!" The Mirage clone nodded with confidence.

"Master, this is the mission order!"

Qiyue took out the black mission order.

The Mirage clone happily took it.

Just when he was about to take a closer look at the mission, a mutation occurred deep in the station.

With a thought in his mind, he quickly dispersed his consciousness and probed into the valley.

Chapter 434 S Grade - Law of Death

In the next second, the consciousness of the Mirage clone returned to the door of the secret room.

Boom!

I saw that the door of the secret room was slowly rising, making a rumbling sound.

"Mother-in-law! My sister is leaving!"

"Um!"

The white-haired mother-in-law and the red-haired girl hurriedly looked towards the exit of the secret room, with happy expressions on their faces.

click!

With a soft sound, the stone gate was fully raised.

Immediately afterwards, there were light footsteps in the secret room, and a beautiful young woman walked out.

The phantom avatar's eyes lit up involuntarily.

I saw that the young woman had fair complexion, bright eyes like stars, picturesque eyebrows, and a slender figure, as if she had her own light, which was extremely beautiful.

You know, the red-haired girl Feng Ying is a beautiful woman with delicate facial features.

But in front of that beautiful woman, she suddenly paled.

"sister!"

As soon as Fengying saw Feng Xi, she came forward to say hello.

"Patriarch, can your strength break through?"

The white-haired mother-in-law also asked with concern.

It turned out that the beautiful woman was the current patriarch of the Feng Clan—Feng Xi.

Feng Xi smiled sweetly: "Thank you, mother-in-law Fengqi, for your concern! I have succeeded in breaking through by luck this time, and my overall strength should be able to reach the mid-level of the ninth heaven level."

"Wow! The middle stage of the ninth level of heaven!"

Fengying looked adored.

"Sister, you are still at the Earth-level realm, and you have the strength of the middle stage of the ninth-level heaven level. This is too powerful! If you break through to the heaven-level realm, your strength will definitely reach the peak of the heaven-level."

Fengying was very excited.

Granny Feng Qi was also very pleased: "Yes! Patriarch, you are indeed the first genius of my clan for thousands of years!"

"If it weren't for my clan being cursed seven thousand years ago, it would have changed from a mysterious force to a servant force today. With the talent and potential of the patriarch, it is definitely expected to be compared with the leaders of the Liudao clan, the Daluo clan, and the Xinggu clan. already."

Speaking of which, Granny Feng Qi was filled with emotion.

Feng Xi smiled slightly: "Mother-in-law, let's not talk about the glory of the past. Now, the curse of my family has not been lifted. If I want to have a higher breakthrough, I still need to meet the Lord of True Destiny."

"Otherwise, I will never be able to break through to the heaven-level realm. I will be stuck in the earth-level realm all my life, and my strength improvement will be limited! More importantly, my lifespan will be greatly limited."

As soon as Shouyuan was mentioned, Feng Xi's expression suddenly became sad.

No matter how outstanding her talent is, no matter how strong her comprehensive strength is, the Shou Yuan at the prefectural level will only be about three hundred years old.

She is already very amazing, Shouyuan is much stronger than the same rank, but only about five hundred years old, far less than the realm of heaven.

The lifespan of the heaven-level realm is about a thousand years old!

The biggest benefit brought by the realm, in addition to the substantial increase in strength, is the increase in the upper limit of life essence.

Having said that, Qin Feng's lifespan is already nine hundred years old, which is almost the same as the realm of heaven.

However, when he mentioned Shouyuan, Feng Xi's expression turned gloomy.

Granny Feng Qi and Feng Ying also looked sad.

Insufficient longevity is the biggest heart disease of the Wind Clan.

In fact, there are many members of the Feng clan who are qualified to participate in the Tianwu assessment and be promoted to the heavenly realm.

But because of the existence of the curse, they could not break through the realm, and could only die with regret.

And if you don’t live to a thousand years, you will definitely not be able to wait for the next one.

Therefore, no matter how talented Feng Xi is, she still wants to find the 'Lord of True Destiny' and break the curse of the Phoenix clan.

"By the way, mother-in-law, during my retreat, did any challenger take the 'Feng Ming Ling' to accept the mission?"

Feng Xi asked with a look of concern.

Asked this, Granny Feng Qi and Feng Ying looked at each other and both showed wry smiles.

Then, the two shook their heads slightly.

"It turned out not to be!"T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Feng Xi's expression was sad and a little lost.

No one came to break the curse, no matter how talented she was, she would eventually turn into a dead bone!

Feng Xi walked to the window and looked a little sadly at the sky outside, which was already gray.

Looking at this situation, it will be dawn in less than an hour!

There is no executor yet, hope is not high

Why!

In each of the previous competitions, there have been executors at this time, but this one has not appeared so far.

There are rumors from the outside world that the challenger this time is Blue Star from Xiaoqian World.

Now it seems that the people of Xiaoqianjie are really weak!

Not even the ability to get tokens.

Feng Xi smiled wryly and shook her head, secretly thinking that her life was suffering.

No matter how good you are, what can you do?

"Huh! That's..."

Suddenly, her eyes lit up, as if she had discovered something, and looked up over the valley.

I saw that there were two figures in the sky above the ten thousand feet, standing in the air, overlooking the Fengming Valley.

She suddenly looked stunned!

"Sister, what's wrong?"

Feng Ying noticed that Feng Xi looked different, and hurriedly stepped forward to ask.

"An outsider is here!"

Feng Xi stared far-sighted.

With her super eyesight, she could vaguely see that the two people in the sky were a man and a woman, unlike any Phoenix disciple.

That is the Mirage clone and Qiyue.

"Outsiders?! Sister, is there an attack from foreign enemies?"

"Patriarch, go take a look!"

Granny Feng Qi took the initiative to ask for her life.

"go together!"

As soon as the voice fell, Feng Xi passed through the window, soared into the sky, and flew towards the valley.

Granny Feng Qi and Feng Ying followed

At the same time, over the valley.

The Mirage clone is looking down.

At this moment, he saw three figures flying from below, and couldn't help but smile.

The Lord has finally come forward!

"Hey! Master, someone is coming from below!"

Qiyue looked down in surprise.

"Well, the head of the Feng family is here. She came just right, and this task still needs to be completed through her."

The Mirage clone muttered, and looked at the mission order in his hand...

[Feng Ming Order: Activate the drop of blood, you can get a double A-level task, that is, to conquer the Feng Clan'. 】

what!