Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

This is actually a double A-level mission, so isn't it as difficult as Destroying Yaotian's clan?

If the difficulty is the same, the benefits will be the same.

The main body destroys the Yaotian family, but he gets a divine artifact and tens of thousands of attributes!

Does this task also have such a big harvest?

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar suddenly became hot, and secretly thought that this task should be very good.

But seeing the information below, he couldn't help frowning.

[Reminder: Only the leaders of the challenging forces are eligible to activate this order. 】

[Reminder: The clone cannot activate this order, and the body needs blood to be excited. 】

After a long time, he couldn't activate the mission.

"Master, what's wrong?"

Qiyue saw that the Mirage clone had a different expression.

The phantom clone said helplessly: "This task requires the main body to come in person to activate it. It seems that I have to change the main body."

Qi Yue suddenly said: "Oh, this is a bit troublesome."

The phantom avatar smiled slightly: "It's fine to let the main body come! The benefits of this task are very large, and it is worth the main body to come in person."

These words only fell, and three piercing sounds came from far to near.

Feng Xi's three daughters arrived.

As soon as the three women approached, they saw an incomparably handsome young man head-on, all of them lit up, and they were shocked.

What a handsome young man!

Feng Qi's mother-in-law is fine.

0

The second daughter, Feng Xi and Feng Ying, felt a trance when they saw the phantom avatar.

They don't know yet, it's just a clone in front of them.

The temperament and demeanor of Qin Feng's body is three points better than this clone.

Of course, all concentric.

Qin Feng and several avatars are one body.

Immediately, the phantom avatar also looked away at the three girls, especially that Feng Xi...

[Human]: The Cursed

[Realm]: Earth Level (Medium God Grade Combined Dao)

[Level]: Level 41

[Talent]: Law of Fire (A Grade), Law of Death (S Grade)

[Blood Talent]: S-Rank Phoenix Bloodline

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 82,000 stars

[Identity]: The patriarch of the Phoenix Clan who cursed the power.

[Origin]: The Feng Clan was the third largest among the top ten mysterious forces in the region 7,000 years ago.

[Origin]: Because of the failure to fight for hegemony seven thousand years ago, he was punished by heaven as a cursed force. Seven thousand years have passed, and the curse has not yet been broken.

Seeing this, Mirage's avatar's eyes lit up, revealing the color of surprise.

The top ten mysterious forces 7,000 years ago ranked third. The background of this Phoenix clan was better than he expected!

Having said that, this Feng Xi's talent is indeed very good. She actually possesses two kinds of S-rank talents, and she is still a mid-grade god.

In terms of talent alone, I am afraid that he is even stronger than Xiao Luan'er.

Of course, she is still far behind Qin Feng.

However, Qin Feng now lacks powerful subordinates.

If this woman can be brought under her command, she will be able to stand on her own, which will be of great benefit to both him and the power of Longyuan Town.

"Hey! He's a challenger!"

"Sister, look! He has Feng Ming Ling in his hand!"

At this time, Feng Xi's three daughters also found out the details of the phantom avatar, and all of them showed surprises.

In particular, when they saw the mission order in the hands of the Mirage clone, their eyes lit up and they were overjoyed.

They are worrying, why is there no order holder to take over the task this time?

Unexpectedly, the bearer has come quietly

Chapter 435 The bragging competition! Who is the genius?

At that moment, Granny Feng Qi stepped forward excitedly.

"This friend, are you the executor?"

Feng Xi and Feng Ying also looked at the Mirage clone expectantly.

Although the Mirage clone is a challenger and has a mission order in his hand, he cannot be 100% sure that he is the orderer.

Because only the leaders of the challenging forces are qualified to be the executors.

Hearing this, the Mirage clone hesitated for a while.

Strictly speaking, he is not yet the executor because he has not yet activated the mission order.

However, as long as he transfers the mission order to the main body, it can be activated immediately.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone smiled: "That's it!"

Feng Xi's three daughters were overjoyed when they were confirmed.

Afterwards, Feng Xi stepped forward to salute.

"Feng Xi, the patriarch of the Feng clan, has seen the commander! I don't know your surname?"

Feng Xi's tone was very polite.

After all, the executors are here to save the Feng Clan and help them break the curse.

Once they are successfully eliminated, their entire clan must recognize them as their masters, and their attitudes should naturally be more polite.

"Patriarch Fengxi is polite, and your surname is Qin, and your full name is Qin Feng!"

"It turned out to be Lord Qin Feng!"

Feng Xi gave another dignified salute.

Granny Feng Qi on the side couldn't wait.

"Patriarch, Mr. Qin Feng, the red tape in etiquette will be avoided. Now the time is pressing, you should hand over the tasks as soon as possible!"

This reminder made Feng Xi feel anxious.

right!

Counting the time, there is only one hour and forty minutes left.

She must activate the challenge task early, otherwise it will expire.

Thinking of this, Feng Xi bowed again.

"Commander, can you give the little girl the task in your hand? The little girl will activate the challenge task for you."

"As long as you complete the challenge task, you can become the 'Lord of True Destiny' of our clan. My entire clan will swear allegiance to you, and I will never betray you forever."

Feng Xi looked at the Mirage avatar expectantly, with anxiety in her eyes.

"This"

The Mirage clone hesitated slightly.

"Hey! Sister, this Qin Feng is a talented person at the earth-level realm!"

At this time, Feng Ying muttered something in Feng Xi's ear.

That tone was a little disappointed

Feng Xi was stunned for a moment, and hurriedly looked at the Mirage clone.

Before, they only saw the identity and token of the phantom avatar, and they were too excited, and they hadn't seriously looked at the realm of the phantom avatar.

Looking at it, she realized that what Feng Ying said was true.

In her beautiful eyes, there was a hint of loss involuntarily.

Only the realm!

This commander is only afraid that it will be difficult to complete the challenge task!

Their family of terror has been waiting for another thousand years in vain.

Granny Feng Qi, who was on the side, also discovered this, and there was disappointment between her brows.

However, that's it.

The youth in front of them is their only hope.

No matter if it works or not, try it again!

Thinking of this, Feng Xi reminded again: "Lord Qin Feng, your token?"

The expressions of these three people, the phantom avatars are all in the eyes, and they smile without saying a word.

It seems that these three have no confidence in him!

In that moment, let them get to know each other well!

"Miss Fengxi, you have to wait for a while before I can give you this token. Qin has a private matter to deal with. Yue'er, just stay in the valley and wait!"

"Okay, master!"

Qiyue obediently agreed.

The phantom avatar didn't wait for Feng Xi to reply, it turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

He is going to find the ontology and let it activate the token.

"Huh! He's gone?"

"What about people?"

"A radius of dozens of miles! There is no breath of him!"

Feng Xi and the three looked around in surprise, trying to find the trail of the Mirage clone, but they couldn't find anything.

Qi Yue smiled and said, "You don't need to look for the three. My master is probably a million miles away."

Hearing this, Feng Xi's three girls smiled and shook their heads, thinking that Qi Yue was running a train with her mouth full.

How can a person run a million miles away in one fell swoop? !

Don't be Qin Fengcai at the prefecture-level realm, even the False God realm powerhouse can't do it.

However, Qin Feng should have left for something and should come back.

Otherwise, he would not have left his men here.

Thinking of this, Feng Xi's three daughters looked at Qiyue.

After looking at it, the three women also nodded secretly. This little girl is extremely beautiful, she is a peerless beauty embryo, and her cultivation is also at the earth level.

So young is the prefecture level, the talent is still good.

"This girl, may I ask your surname?"

Feng Xi asked politely.

"My name is Qiyue, you can call me Yueer."

Qiyue also responded politely.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m