Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"It turned out to be Miss Yue'er, where did Lord Qin Feng go?"

Feng Xi is very concerned about this issue.

Qi Yue smiled and said, "I don't know exactly where he went. But don't worry, my master will be back soon, otherwise he won't let me stay here."

Qiyue didn't say a word.

That is, she stays here, as long as Qin Feng finishes dealing with trivial matters, he can rush back with a teleport.

Granny Feng Qi was anxious: "Hey! Master Qin Feng is too anxious! Before we finished talking, he ran away. If we delay another hour or two, the mission will be ineffective!"

Feng Xi blamed herself: "Mother-in-law, I didn't make it clear. I should have made it clear to Master Qin Feng as soon as possible. The time is almost up, and he won't leave in such a hurry."

She didn't know that the phantom clone would leave because the mission order had not been activated, so she couldn't receive the mission, and she had to run if she didn't run.

At this time, Feng Ying's small mouth twitched: "Sister, you don't have to blame yourself! To be honest, I don't have much expectations for this Lord Qin Feng. You don't see his realm before he is at the level."

"Hey!"

Feng Xi sighed and said nothing.

Granny Feng Qi said helplessly, "You little girl! You've come to this level, and you're still picky. Now, it's good to have an executive officer, and a dead horse can be regarded as a living horse doctor! "

Looking at the tone of these three people, they all looked down on their own masters, and Boss Qiyue was unhappy.

At the moment, she frowned and said, "What do you mean? Do you think that my master can't complete the challenge?"

Feng Xi smiled bitterly and said nothing.

However, Feng Ying said, "I can't say it clearly! Let me tell you like this. Your master has a token, which means he has a chance, but whether he can get that chance is hard to say!"

Qi Yue was not convinced: "How do you know that my master can't do it?"

Feng Ying sighed: "Hey! It's very simple! He is at the Earth-level realm! With such a cultivation realm, I'm afraid it is difficult to complete the challenge! If he is at the heaven-level realm, there is still some possibility."

"Or, his strength can reach the level of my sister, and it is possible to complete the task. To be honest, if he really completes the task, my sister will recognize him as the master. He really made a lot of money."

"A super genius like my sister is born every ten thousand years, but not everyone can take her as their subordinate."

"yes?".

Qi Yue glanced at Feng Xi curiously.

This Feng Xi is indeed beautiful, even if she sees it, she is amazed.

Is she also very strong?

"I think Patriarch Fengxi is only at the Earth level! Why do you despise my master so much?"

Qiyue also raised her mouth.

She is extremely protective of Qin Feng and does not allow anyone to look down on her master.

"Miss Yue'er, my sister is not the same as your master. Don't look at my sister's talent at the Earth level, but her combat power is comparable to the mid-level ninth heaven level, and she has mastered two S-level talents."

Having said that, Feng Ying raised her chin slightly, with a proud expression on her face.

That look seems to be saying, is your master comparable?

Qi Yue was also a little surprised.

This Feng Xi is definitely a genius among geniuses, even better than Xiao Luan'er.

However, compared with the master, it is too far behind.

The master's current comprehensive strength is infinitely close to the threshold of the demigod realm.

There are nine kinds of S-level talents mastered, namely: the law of life, the law of blood, the law of killing, the law of destruction, the law of soul, the law of opening the sky, the awakening of the seven consciousness, the reincarnation of light and dark, and the blood talent of the peak level of S-level.

Even better, the master will soon be able to master two SS-level talents.

In other words, the master can crush Feng Xi with one finger

This guy is still proud!

Thinking of this, Qiyue's small mouth was raised: "So what? My master is much stronger than your sister!"

"Cut! Who believes it?"

Fengying looked disdainful

She felt that Qiyue was bragging.

"My sister is a rare genius!"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Feng Ying's face was arrogant.

"Cut! Then my master is a genius rarely seen in billions of years!"

Qiyue is also proud.

"Cut! You are too good at blowing!"

"You don't believe it?! When my master comes back, you'll know if I'm telling the truth."

Feng Ying didn't take it seriously and said: "It's not me who told you, you don't make drafts when you brag. Your master was born in Xiaoqianjie! A human born in Xiaoqianjie, no matter how strong his talent is, is limited."

"Our Phoenix clan only came to this world more than 7,000 years ago. You must know that our Phoenix clan was born in the Great Thousand World. In other words, my sister is a peerless genius in the Great Thousand World that is rarely seen in ten thousand years. ."

"Even if your master is a genius who is rarely seen in thousands of years in Xiaoqian World, he can't compare to my sister! Unless it is rare in tens of billions of years. But in 10 billion years, many Xiaoqian worlds have It hasn't been born yet, let alone the humans of Xiaoqian World."

"You", Qi Yue was so angry that she wanted to stamp her feet.

"All right! All right! Stop saying a few words, both of you!"

Feng Qi's mother-in-law hurriedly came out to smooth things out.

A good scene was turned into a bragging contest by these two little girls.

Feng Xi also frowned: "Aying, don't talk too much. We can wait for Lord Qin Feng to come back with peace of mind."

"Okay! Okay! I'm not arguing with her! If she brags again, I'll take it as if I didn't hear it."

Fengying had a look of disapproval.

She believed that Qiyue was bragging.

Qiyue rolled her eyes in anger.

She still wanted to defend herself, but looking at Feng Ying's expression, as well as the expressions of Granny Feng Qi and Feng Xi, the three girls seemed to think she was bragging.

This made her swallow what she wanted to say.

It seemed that she was useless no matter what she said.

Or wait for the master to take action in person, let them have a good eye-opening!

At this moment, Feng Ying muttered again.

"Speaking of which, your master should not be as good as my sister. However, he is so handsome! Based on this alone, it's not bad to recognize him as the master!"

Having said that, Feng Ying looked at the direction where the Mirage clone disappeared, as if she was thinking about something, her eyes were a little blurry.

"anthomaniac!"

Qi Yue glanced at her in dissatisfaction.

Feng Xi glanced at her sister and shook her head speechlessly.

Having said that, that Lord Qin Feng is really handsome!

It was also the first time she saw her, and the young man who made her stunning at first glance 1.2

At the same moment, a million miles away, over Tanggu, two stalwart figures appeared.

That is Qin Feng and Bing Ling's avatars.

They finally arrived at the Haoyang Clan's residence.

At this moment, Qin Feng is about to disperse his consciousness and overlook the whole soup valley.

But at this moment, he seemed to sense something, looked back at the direction of the Feng Clan's station, and smiled.

The next second, a white light flashed beside him, and the phantom avatar appeared out of thin air.

Then, the Mirage clone directly handed over a mission order.

Qin Feng took it and started to break the blood and drip into the token.

The two sides are different and concentric, they are one body, and there is no need for any language communication at all.

Snapped!

The blood of Yin Hong fell on the token.

In the next second, the token will be golden and generous, fully activated

[Congratulations on activating the 'Feng Ming Order' and obtaining the double A-level task - subdue the Feng Clan. 】

[Task reminder: Please go to Fengming Valley, give the token to the patriarch of the Feng clan, and get the challenge task. 】

[Task reminder: This task is a time-limited task. There are 93 minutes left, and the task is time-limited. You must complete the token delivery before the time limit expires. Otherwise, the challenge task will not be received, and the task will be determined to be invalid. 】

[Task reminder: After the challenge task is successfully collected, you must complete the challenge within three hours. 】

"There's only an hour and a half left. I have to hurry up. I'll leave it to the clone to deal with it."

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly put away the token

Chapter 436: Sealing the Demon Altar

Qin Feng just received the token, and the field changed suddenly

call out! call out! call out!

One after another, white light flew from the void and poured into Qin Feng's body frantically.

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tian level triple), you get +3271 attributes, +33.27 million energy points, +806 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (the second level of the sky), you get +2343 attributes, +26.2 million energy points, and +730 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (Tian level two), you get +2111 attributes, +24.47 million energy points, +671 points. 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, ability points, and points have skyrocketed!

He happily looked towards the direction of District 3

In that direction, Yueling's clone and Xiao Luan'er are leading the army of Longyuan, and they are destroying the Gaotu people.

It turned out that after Qin Feng dealt with the matter of the Blood Moon Clan, he rushed to the side of the Bing Ling clone.

And Yueling's clone teleported to Xiao Luan'er's side.

Now, Yueling clone and Xiaoluan'er are exterminating the Gaotu people

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng received thousands of feedbacks, and his body also lit up with an upgraded white light.

【Your level has been promoted to level 39! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

17【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Another level up!

It's one level away from level 40.

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

After another moment, all the feedback is over.

This shows that the battle on the Moon Spirit clone is over.

The guardian forces in Area 3 were all wiped out by Long Yuan.

As long as he conquers the Feng clan again, it will be equivalent to unifying the entire No. 3 area.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel again and checked it out.

[Level]: Level 39 0.23%