Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Of course, there are some small changes here too.

For example, the previous monster killing team consisted of Liu Xuan, Longshan, and Wu Yong.

Now, after Liu Xuan gains 20 attributes again, one person can easily kill level 5 beasts, so he starts to act alone.

Both Longshan and Wu Yong have also reached level 5, and both have the ability to kill level 5 beasts.

But in order to increase the speed of killing monsters, the two of them are still in a group, killing level 5 beasts together.

In this way, the efficiency of hunting level 5 beasts in Village 911 has been greatly improved.

In short, today's No. 911 Novice Village is a thriving scene! …………

At the same time, in the chat channel of Village No. 5, people from Sakurajima were also mobilizing.

"Yo Xi! It's finally time to gamble, the time for blood is coming!"

"There is only one gambling order per village! I have always hoped that Miyamoto-sama would use the gambling order sooner, and I finally got it today! Haha!"

"Everyone, which village are we fighting against this time?"

"It's Village No. 911! That's the village of the people from the Dragon Kingdom! They just won the people from the Ah San Kingdom."

"Baga! Those Asan who play with cow dung are all rubbish, they actually lost to the people of Longguo!"

"Don't worry! With Lord Miyamoto taking action this time, the people of Longguo will definitely lose!"

"Yo Xi! Miyamoto-sama, what are you going to do?"

At this time, Miyamoto Lang also came forward.

Rami Miyamoto: "I'm going to the level 9 beast area to hunt down the level 9 beasts, which will greatly speed up my level up!"

"Yo Xi! Miyamoto-sama is very thoughtful!"

"Lord Miyamoto, how do you need us to cooperate with you?"

Rami Miyamoto: "I don't need your help, I just need Takeda-kun by my side."

Takeda Shin: "Miyamoto-sama, where are you? I'll rush over immediately and follow your instructions."

Rami Miyamoto: "Takeda-kun, I'm on my way to the 9th-level district!"

Takeda Shin: "Miyamoto-sama, I'll be there soon! Miyamoto-sama, what do you want me to do with you?"

Rami Miyamoto: "Help me make mistakes!"

As soon as these words came out, the audience was surprised.

Takeda Nobuy asked in shock, "Miyamoto-sama, are you going to cut yourself off?"

Jiecuo: When committing suicide by cutting the abdomen, in order to reduce the pain of the belly-cutting person, the head is cut off by a special person, which is called Jiecuo.

Rami Miyamoto: "If I lose to Qin Feng from 911 Village, that will be my greatest shame, and I will choose to cut myself to death. Takeda-kun, then you will be my wrong person!"Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Takeda Shin: "Hey~! Miyamoto-sama, do you really want this?"

Rami Miyamoto: "Takeda-kun, please!"

Takeda Shin: "Okay! Miyamoto-sama, you dare to swear by cutting your belly to show that you are a real samurai! I believe you will win!"

"Lord Miyamoto will definitely win! He rose to level 8 five hours ago, and that Qin Feng just reached level 8!"

"By the way, Miyamoto-sama, what level are you progressing now?"

Rami Miyamoto: "I am now level 8 (17110/40000)!"

As soon as these words came out, the audience cheered.

"Haha! It turns out that Miyamoto-sama's progress is so high, and the people of the Dragon Kingdom will lose!"

"Yeah! That Qin Feng has just risen to level 8, which is far worse than Mr. Miyamoto."

"No wonder Miyamoto-sama is so confident that he dares to swear by cutting himself to death!"

"Haha! Lord Miyamoto is so smart, how could he be joking with his own life?!"

"Those poor people from the Dragon Kingdom, I'm afraid they never thought that they would meet such a powerful Lord Miyamoto! Haha!"

"Yo Xi! This time the 911 village is dead! Quack!"

At this moment, the people of Sakurajima cheered, as if they had won.

Takeda Shin is also excited: "Miyamoto-sama, where are you now? I will rush to your side as quickly as possible!"

Rami Miyamoto: "In fifteen minutes, I will arrive at the level 9 vicious beast area. I will wait for you at the entrance of the level 9 vicious beast area!"

Takeda Shin: "Hay! I'll be there soon!"

Seeing the conversation between the two, everyone was completely moved by Rami Miyamoto's Bushido spirit, and they all cheered enthusiastically.

This is the real samurai!

Miyamoto-sama is so obsessed with suicide!

That's because he has absolute confidence in his own strength.

The crowd cheered again!

It's just that they didn't know that Qin Feng killed eleven giant elephants after a while.

At this moment, Qin Feng's progress is already level 8 (18940/40000), which seems to have surpassed Miyamoto Lang.

Time flies!

5 minutes later.

Nobu Takeda is on his way!

Rami Miyamoto is on his way!

Qin Feng killed 9 giant elephants, and the progress became level 8 (24430/40000)…

10 minutes later.

Nobu Takeda is on his way!

Rami Miyamoto is on his way!

Qin Feng killed another 9 giant elephants, and the progress became level 8 (29920/40000)…

15 minutes later.

Nobu Takeda is on his way!

Rami Miyamoto arrived at the entrance of the level 9 area and was waiting for Takeda Shin!

Qin Feng killed 10 giant elephants again, and the progress became level 8 (36020/40000)…

In a blink of an eye, another 3 minutes passed.

Takeda Shin and Miyamoto Rami finally meet.

The people of Sakurajima cheered.

In their view, the real **** moment is coming.

Miyamoto-sama is finally about to start killing monsters.

It's just that they don't know that a major change has taken place on the other side.

At this moment, the village of 911 is left on the grassland.

Qin Feng looked excited.

He killed 5 giant elephants just now, and the progress has become level 8 (39070/40000).

As long as he kills two more giant elephants, he will be able to rise to level 9!

Those dog things in the regional channel, I'm afraid they never thought that this bet will end so soon!

Ha ha! !

Qin Feng gets more excited the more he thinks about it!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field.

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

I saw the elephant king suddenly roar up to the sky, his voice full of tragic and solemn.

Now, only seventeen elephants were killed by Qin Feng, and it finally realized that something was wrong.

As soon as the roar fell, it turned around and fled into the depths of the grassland.

Fuck it~!

The Elephant King is running away!

Qin Feng was shocked.

He must not let the elephant king escape.

After the elephant king escaped, it would be difficult for him to pursue and kill him.

If he can't kill the elephant king, how can he gather all the five elements of the king's core, and how can he complete the task of opening the map.

The task of opening the map is the future of 911 Village!

It is a plan that must be completed!

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and chased after the elephant king.

Ang~!

But at this moment, a mammoth guard rushed over desperately, blocking him from chasing and killing.

"roll!"

Qin Feng slashed horizontally!

When~!

A sound of gold and iron!

The long knife collided with the ivory ivory!

The next second, the mammoth general was shocked back a dozen steps.

Qin Feng dodged and continued to chase and kill the elephant king.

Ang~!

But at this moment, another giant elephant rushed over.

puff~!

Blood splashes!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

With just one knife, Qin Feng beheaded him.

Then, he dodged and continued to hunt down the elephant king.

But at this moment, the second mammoth guard rushed over again.

Qin Feng shook it back with a knife and continued to chase, but he encountered two giant elephants rushing towards him...

In order to cover the Elephant King's escape, these giant elephants are completely desperate!

At this moment, the elephant king has escaped two hundred meters away!

Qin Feng was angry and anxious, waving the long knife again and again.

All to die!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~!

Blood splashed again and again!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】