Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Reputation]: 1656 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 151,000 stars

[Free attribute]: 51,000 points

[Personal points]: 757,100 points

[Longyuan Points]: 931,600 points

This time, I got 51,000 attribute points!

This is already very good.

Destroying a guardian force can get so many attributes, which is already very impressive.

Of course, the biggest significance this time is to upgrade to level 39.

At the moment, Qin Feng quickly added points.

After a while, the addition is complete.

His basic combat power has skyrocketed to 152,000 stars in one fell swoop, and his combat power has skyrocketed by about a thousand stars.

He is very satisfied!

After doing this, he waved his hand, white light flashed in the field, Liu Xuan and other 9,000 Long Yuan disciples appeared out of thin air.

The next second, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air.

Everything that follows is left to the clone to handle.

At the same moment, the sky above Fengming Valley.

The sky has lightened slightly, and the dawn of dawn is about to come.

Feng Xi and Feng Qi's mother-in-law, with anxiety on their faces, secretly wondered why Mr. Qin Feng hasn't come back yet?

With only twenty minutes left before dawn, there was not much time left for them.

On the other side, Qi Yue and Feng Ying both had their mouths raised high, as if no one was convinced.

Just now, the two quarreled again, just arguing: Qin Feng is more genius, and Feng Xi is more genius.

Feng Xi was also a little speechless.

Up to now, these two little girls are still talking about something.

She's going crazy!

Just when Feng Xi waited impatiently, white light flashed in the field, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"Owner!"

When Qiyue saw Qin Feng, she flew over excitedly.

She couldn't wait.

I wish Qin Feng could take action immediately and show it in front of Fengying, so that this hard-mouthed girl can open her eyes.

"Lord Qin Feng!"

"Sir, you are finally here!"

Feng Xi's three daughters also happily greeted them.

But in the next second, the three girls realized that something was wrong.

Mr. Qin Feng in front of him seems to have become more handsome by three points, and the whole temperament is more noble, which makes people dare not blaspheme, and exudes a different kind of charm.

At that moment, Feng Xi and Feng Ying were completely amazed, and looked at Qin Feng with a bit of madness.

Soon, Feng Xi calmed down, and her beautiful face was a little blushing.

Regardless of the strength of this Lord Qin Feng, this appearance is really pleasing, and even a glance at it makes people feel throbbing.

She didn't know that what she had seen before was just a clone, and Qin Feng's body was in front of her, and her bearing was naturally different.

"Master Qin Feng, time is running out, where is your token?"

Feng Xi stepped forward to ask again, her tone a little anxious.

"it's here!"

Qin Feng smiled and threw the token.

Feng Xi hurriedly took it, picked it up and looked at it, it really was Feng Mingling.

She was overjoyed, and hurriedly broke the blood of her fingers and dripped the token.

hum!

Afterwards, Feng Ming ordered the golden light to be released and activated!

Boo!

The next second, the token issued a phoenix cry, resounding through the heavens and the earth, causing the entire valley to shake.

Suddenly, everyone in the valley was startled, and there was a noise from below.

"Hey! Someone is in the sky!"

"It seems to be the patriarch and mother-in-law Feng Qi!"

"The sky-shattering phoenix call just now seems to have been activated by the legendary phoenix call!"

"Isn't it? Could it be that the executor arrived?"

"If the executor really arrives, that would be great. There is hope for our clan to break the curse."

"Yeah! Go! Let's go and see!"

In the discussions below, the tone revealed hope and excitement

Swish! Swish! Swish!

In the next second, hundreds of figures flew out of the valley.

The children of the Feng clan are all in the prefecture-level realm, and everyone can fly in the sky.

Boo!

At this moment, there was another heaven-shattering phoenix cry!

The Fengming Order in Fengxi's hand turned into a golden light and flew towards the depths of Fengming Valley.

That golden light, traversing the sky and the earth, illuminated the entire valley, and everyone saw it

In just a moment, the golden light penetrated deep into the valley and disappeared.

Boom!

Then, deep in the valley, there was a rumbling sound.

Qin Feng was curious and quickly looked into the depths of the valley.

I saw that the ground at the bottom of the valley cracked automatically, spewing endless black mist.

Immediately afterwards, an incomparably huge altar of white bones slowly rose from the ground, causing the ground to tremble!

Everyone was shocked and turned around to look

Suddenly, someone in the crowd exclaimed.

"It's the Demon Sealing Altar!"

"It turns out that the seal on the Demon Sealing Altar was broken! That's the challenger's mission!"

"Haha! Great! Sure enough, the executor is here, and he is already accepting the challenge mission."

"Let's go! Let's go and see! Let's see how strong the commander is this year?"

"Yes! The strength of the executor is related to the breaking of the curse of our clan. If his strength is too weak, then there is no way to kill that **** and demon."ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Yeah! It's not easy to become the 'Lord of True Destiny' of my clan! My clan has been waiting for seven thousand years, and I hope it will be successful this time!"

Below, there are more and more discussions and more and more people.

Almost all the children of the Feng clan showed up and flew in the direction of Qin Feng.

They could see from a distance that there was a young man standing beside Patriarch Feng Xi, who must be the executor of this session.

Seeing the slender figure and extraordinary temperament of the commander, I don't know what he looks like?

Thinking of this, everyone became more curious and accelerated towards Qin Feng.

The distance is too far, these Feng clan children can't see Qin Feng's appearance, and naturally want to get closer to the crowd.

Boom!

At this moment, the altar at the bottom of the valley was completely raised, and the roaring sound gradually ceased.

The altar was as high as 10,000 zhang and 1,000,000 zhang in width.

In just an instant, the gloomy aura emanating from the altar enveloped the entire valley.

Fortunately, around the altar, there is also a huge anti-457 protective barrier, covering the whole place, which seems to prevent the monsters in the altar from escaping.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: The head of the Feng family has activated the Fengming Order, the seal of Fengming Valley has been broken, and the Demon Sealing Altar has appeared]

[Task reminder: Congratulations on your automatic access to the double A-level challenge task. 】

[Task content: Enter the protective barrier and challenge to kill the demon **** sealed within it within three hours. 】

[If you succeed in the challenge, you will receive extremely rich rewards and become the true master of the Feng clan. The entire clan will serve you as the master until death. 】

[If the challenge fails, you may fall into it. 】

[Reminder: Once you enter the protective barrier, you will not be able to exit. Or stick to it for three hours, and the enchantment will disappear automatically. Or, you kill the sealed demon god, and the enchantment disappears immediately. 】

[Reminder: Only the person who executes the order has the right to enter the seal enchantment. 】

After listening to these prompts, Qin Feng's face was stunned.

It turns out that this challenge mission is to kill a sealed demon, which doesn't seem to be that complicated.

call!

Feng Xi on the side also breathed a sigh of relief.

She finally activated the challenge mission within the specified time limit.

It was at this moment that the sound of breaking air sounded in all directions.

Qin Feng looked up and saw that almost all the Feng clan came, there were more than 5,000 people.

Ninety percent of these people are women, most of them are beautiful and beautiful.

There are only about 10% of men, and most of them are simple and honest in appearance. Compared with Qin Feng, it is a world of difference.

In a blink of an eye, the children of the Feng clan arrived, and they all saw Qin Feng's appearance.

Those women were immediately amazed by Qin Feng's handsomeness, and their eyes lit up one by one.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and looked at the altar deep in the valley.

Time is running out!

In twenty minutes, it will be dawn.

He has to complete this challenge mission before the entrance to the Holy Land opens, so as not to delay the trip to the Holy Land

Chapter 437 Killing with a snap of your fingers!

"Wow! This commander is so handsome!"

"Yes! It's so handsome!"

"I can see my heart beating faster!"

"It would be nice if he could be our master!"

Whispering in the crowd.

Those voices are very small, but Qin Feng's hearing is extraordinary, and he can hear it clearly.