Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He laughed without saying a word.

At this time, several beautiful women who looked like leaders stepped forward.

"Patriarch, who is this?"

Feng Xi hurriedly said loudly: "By the way, let me announce to everyone that this is the current executor-Lord Qin Feng!"

Having said that, she looked at Qin Feng respectfully again: "Lord Qin Feng, the challenge task has been activated, are you going to challenge now?"

"Well! Time is running out, the sooner the better!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng flew towards the demon altar first.

Feng Xi, Qi Yue and others followed closely behind.

"Lord Executor is going to challenge!"

"Master Qin Feng is so straightforward!"

Qin Feng's action made the children of the Wind Clan excited.

They waited for thousands of years, just waiting for the obedient to come and help them lift the curse!

Now, the critical moment is approaching.

At the moment, the girls followed closely, each with a look of hope.

Can this Lord Qin Feng help them break the curse?

Thinking of this, the girls felt a little nervous and uneasy.

If Qin Feng fails, they will wait for thousands of years in vain.

"Hey! This Lord Qin Feng seems to be at the realm of the earth!"

At this time, someone in the crowd whispered.

"Really! Is this... the realm is a little lower?"

"What? You're only at the prefecture level! Oops! This situation is not good!"

"Yeah! In the last few years, the executors, four of the six were in the heaven-level realm, but they were all buried in the enchantment. This is only at the earth-level realm, I'm afraid... hey!"

"Do we have to wait another thousand years in vain?"

At this time, the girls discovered Qin Feng's realm, and they all showed disappointment.

In their opinion, if Qin Feng has the heaven-level realm, there is still some hope, but in the earth-level realm, this chance is too slim!

However, they are not willing to give up, and there is a bit of luck in their hearts, hoping that a miracle will happen.

Qin Feng naturally ignored those discussions.

In just a moment, he went outside the Demon Sealing Realm, and then descended from the sky.

As soon as he landed, he stared at the barrier.

I saw the black mist billowing inside, the demonic energy was soaring to the sky, and there were faint bones emerging, which was very scary.

At this time, Feng Xi and others also descended from the sky and came behind him.

Those Feng clan disciples also arrived.

They stopped in the air one by one, silently watching Qin Feng's every move, and praying secretly in their hearts.

Feng Xi glanced at the Demon Sealing Barrier in front of her and took a deep breath.

Afterwards, she said earnestly: "Lord Qin Feng, although the little girl wants you to go in and challenge, the little girl wants to remind you. After you enter, you will be in great danger."

"If the little girl's estimate is not bad, she doesn't have the strength in the middle stage of the ninth level of heaven, and I'm afraid it will be difficult to persist for three hours. If Master Qin Feng thinks the challenge is too difficult, you can give up the challenge and wait for the time to pass for three hours. ."

"Although by doing that, the fate between Lord Qin Feng and my family is over, but the adult will not be in danger. Therefore, the little woman suggests that the adult should think about it first, should you take the risk?"

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly.

This Feng Xi's character is not bad, and everything is truthful.

However, the woman still underestimated him.

How could he take the threat at the mid-level of the ninth level in mere sight.

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't take it seriously and said: "Don't worry! Since I dare to accept the challenge, I naturally know it."

As soon as the voice fell, he walked towards the barrier ahead.

Seeing this, Feng Xi was a little surprised.

She thought Qin Feng would think about it, but she didn't expect it to be so simple.

In just a moment, Qin Feng walked to the enchantment, and his body automatically lit up with golden light, easily penetrating the enchantment and walking in.

"Go in! Lord Qin Feng is in!"

"The challenge is about to begin!"

"Yeah! It makes me nervous!"

At this moment, the atmosphere in the audience immediately became tense.

Qin Feng has already entered!

In that enchantment, only Qin Feng is qualified to enter.

And once you get in, you can't get out!

It means that Qin Feng has taken the most dangerous step.

Unless Qin Feng can kill the devil, or persist for three hours.

Can only Qin Feng do it?

Thinking of this, all the girls secretly broke into a cold sweat for Qin Feng.

Even Feng Xi and mother-in-law Feng Qi were no exception.

Both of them were apprehensive and worried about Qin Feng.

Fengying was even more anxious.

At this moment, she couldn't help whispering: "Sister, should Master Qin Feng be all right?"

Feng Xi took a deep breath of cold air and shook her head silently, not knowing what to do in her heart.

She has never seen Qin Feng take action, so it is naturally difficult to judge.

In the field, only Qi Yue had a calm face and a confident look.

She looked around and saw that the girls were all uneasy and nervous, and felt a little funny.

To put it bluntly, it was these Feng clan disciples who underestimated their masters, so they were so uneasy and nervous, as well as worrying about gains and losses.

When they see the master's power, they will realize how ignorant they are!

Especially this girl named Fengying!

Qi Yue glanced at Feng Ying unhappily, suffocating in her heart

At this moment, within the barrier, a mutation arose!

I saw the center of the barrier, the magic fog suddenly rolled, and then there were footsteps within it.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

clatter! clatter! clatter!

"Look! There's movement inside!"

Everyone whispered and looked into the depths of the enchantment.

Even Qiyue looked up.

The atmosphere in the field instantly became tense.

At the same moment, inside the enchantment.

Qin Feng could feel that the surrounding atmosphere was gloomy and cold, and there was a faint heavenly power that enveloped the entire enchantment.

But he didn't care about that.

At this moment, he looked forward with a curious expression on his face.

In that direction, the black mist surged violently.

clatter! clatter! clatter!

A strange sound of footsteps came from the tumbling place, walking towards him.

In just a moment, a tall human figure came out of the black fog.

"Humanity?"

Qin Feng was puzzled and looked at the figure carefully.

Later, he discovered that the man was wearing torn armor and exuding a monstrous corpse aura.

At this moment, the man raised his head slightly, revealing a pair of green eyes, just like an evil ghost, staring at him viciously, extremely terrifying!

[Evil Object]: Golem

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: The former executor, after failing the challenge, was killed by the Sealed Demon God, turned into a puppet, and became a puppet subordinate of the Demon God.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

It turned out that this guy was actually the former executor.

At the same moment, a low voice also sounded outside the barrier.

"Look! It's the magic puppet that came out!"

"Going to do it!"

"The first battle is about to begin!"

At this moment, outside the barrier, everyone was extremely nervous.

They seem to be more nervous than Qin Feng.

Roar!

At this moment, in the enchantment, the magic puppet roared and came to kill Qin Feng.

Boom!

Suddenly, in the enchantment, the sky shook, and the roar continued!

The magic puppet was so powerful that it covered ten thousand feet in an instant, it easily penetrated the barrier, and even outside the world could feel it, suddenly reaching the early stage of the ninth level of heaven...

The faces of the women changed greatly, and all of them exclaimed loudly.

"My God! The early stage of the Nine Stages!"

"This... how is this possible?! Isn't the power and momentum of the golem at the peak of the eighth level? How did it reach the early stage of the ninth level!"

"Not good! It must be that the seal has become weaker, and the power of the devil has become stronger! The power of the magic puppet it has transformed has also become stronger!"

"This is bad!"

The girls suddenly feel bad!

Generally speaking, when the sealing enchantment becomes weak, there will be great terror.

But before they thought about it, the golem had already killed Qin Feng, and grabbed Qin Feng with one claw...

boom!

That claws that penetrated the sky tore apart the void, and grabbed Qin Feng's face fiercely.

"not good!"

"Be careful!"

The girls shouted outside the barrier!

Feng Ying was even more frightened!

Facing the golem attack in the early stage of the Nine Layers!

In the entire Feng Clan, only her sister can resist!