Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The rest are not enemies of unity!

This thought only came to me, and Qin Feng took action.

I saw his index finger flicked, and a finger wind shot out, directly slamming into the magic puppet!

call out!

Bang!

A blast!

The wind of the finger bombarded the puppet, directly blasting it on the spot, turning it into fragments of stumps in the sky!

The whole audience was stunned!

One by one, they were completely dumbfounded, and their mouths were wide open!

No way? !

Are they right? !

Lord Qin Feng killed an early ninth-order golem in a snap of his fingers?

Roar!

But before they could think about it, a shocking roar sounded in the center of the barrier, and the entire barrier trembled violently.

Chapter 438 Continuous promotion! Shocked the audience!

In front of any country in the world, the Nine-headed Bird is a very troublesome organization.

Because I don't know how many politicians have died under the gun of this organization.

No one knows if they will see a member of the nine-headed bird at home when they come home at night.

In their eyes, the nine-headed bird is an evil spirit from hell, a Satan who specializes in taking people's lives.

They won't tell you any reason, as long as you meet them, it's a death!

But now the nine-headed bird killer organization, which is terrifying, has nothing to do when it sees these corpses that jumped out of the coffin.

As the boss, the boss is proficient in so many assassination techniques, but has never learned **** a dead person.

At this time, I didn't know what to do, and I even forgot that I could still run.

"what!"

"Help!"

"Boss, save me now!"

"help!"

The screams of the nine-headed bird players kept ringing.

After seeing the corpse jump over, one of the team members instinctively pulled the trigger, only to feel a gust of wind blowing in front of him.

For a moment, the people of the nine-headed bird only felt that a coolness began to come from their hearts, and then the coolness swept through the whole body in an instant, all the hairs in horror stood up, and the pierced skin was still a little painful, but now this pain is different from the one in front of the eyes. Compared with the horror, it will not receive any attention.

Then he watched the corpse's hands, like knives, directly piercing his chest.

"what!"

The person who was pierced in the chest suddenly screamed, which was extremely harsh, making everyone's heart tremble.

There are actually two types of pain.

One is like lying on the operating table, trying to avoid your pain nerves. Although pain is inevitable, the doctor will make you feel as little pain as possible.

The other is like a tortured person, slashing at the place where you hurt with a knife.

The two hands of the corpse are like two sharp but heavy kitchen knives. The two knives can directly stimulate all the pain nerves in the body.

This kind of pain is the pain of life rather than death.

But now everyone caught by a corpse is pierced through the body like this.

So the screams in the morgue were like those of a tortured ghost in hell.

"Help!"

"Boss, save me!"

"Boss, these corpses can't be beaten to death!"

"I got caught! I got caught! Help me!"

""

The boss didn't know what to do at this time. Looking at the corpse that was completely not afraid of bullets, he began to wonder if he was holding a gun?

Watching the players around him fall one by one, the boss was completely desperate.

Not only did he think about how he got into these things?

If he could be given another chance, his stunt wouldn't make the inn's idea.

He didn't even want to approach the village.

Because there is a Yin Yang Inn in this village.

The morgue in the Yin Yang Inn was as terrifying as purgatory.

Just like now, the morgue in front of you is full of broken limbs and broken arms, and blood is sprayed everywhere like paint without money.

This picture is even more terrifying than purgatory!

The boss wanted to run, and immediately recalled those who went to open the door just now. Before the door was opened, they were all tortured to death by corpses.

"It's over!" the boss murmured desperately.

"It's over, it's over, this time it's over!"

Suddenly, a vibration came from the boss's pocket.

As if seeing hope, the boss hurriedly took out the communicator in his pocket.

It was a video call from the senior management of Nine-headed Bird.

As if he had caught a life-saving straw, the boss thought he could get help from the top, but he didn't know that even if the top agreed to help, they would die here after the assistance.

As soon as the video call was connected and the screen was displayed, the boss roared directly.

"Boss! Help me!"

"We're stuck here!"

"There's a devil here!"

"It's the devil!"

A round table appeared in the picture, and there were several figures on the round table.

Several people in the video were not psychologically prepared, and they heard a commotion here, screaming everywhere, and couldn't help but be shocked.

So there were several urgent voices from the communicator.

"What happened over there?"

"what happened?"

"What the **** happened?"Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The situation on the side of the morgue did not give the boss a chance to explain in detail, and before he could think of a way, he saw two corpses sandwiching him one after the other.

Seeing that he was surrounded by corpses, the boss realized that he wasn't desperate enough just now.

So desperate right now!

The communicator was thrown to the ground weakly by him, and then he took out his pistol, ready to fight to the death.

In the video, several senior leaders had gloomy faces, and could only watch the video call with a confused look, but just when they were wondering what happened, an extremely terrifying face suddenly appeared on the camera!

That's a mummified face!

Chapter 439 Kill the Demon God! Stunned SS-level talent!

"It's finally coming out!"

Qin Feng murmured and looked up.

click! click! click!

I saw the cracks on the altar ahead, and the number of cracks on the altar continued to increase at a speed visible to the naked eye.

hum!

At the same time, the nine-colored spiritual light emitted by the entire White Bone Altar became more and more dazzling!

In the end, the cracking of the Dao pattern reached its limit!

boom! boom! boom!

The seal Dao pattern shattered one after another!

Click!

Then, a crisp sound!

In the center of the altar, a huge crack suddenly opened.

call!

Then, a nine-colored light group rushed out of the crack and stood in the air, exuding a monstrous soul power aura, one after another, with an astonishing momentum!

The audience was curious and looked at the light group.

In the next second, the light group wriggled and turned into a monster with a height of 1000 meters, transparent and emitting nine spiritual lights.

The monster had two wings on its back, thick limbs, and a huge head. The head was like a lion and a tiger, but it had no facial features, which was very strange.

Roar!

The next second, the monster roared, and the sound wave oscillated, as if it was emitted from the stomach, and the shock made the eardrums hurt!

Qin Feng was surprised and wanted to spy.

But at this moment, an invisible sense of consciousness emanated from the monster, sweeping the audience in an instant...

Qin Feng was stunned!

Consciousness? !

It was the first time he had seen someone else's consciousness.

Generally speaking, only superpowers above the demigod realm can possess divine consciousness.

Or a powerhouse with an S-level Seven Senses Awakening talent will also have Divine Consciousness...

This monster even has consciousness!

In an instant, Qin Feng activated the eye of the peep, and spied the details of the monster...

[Evil Object]: Soul of Chaos Demon (Supreme Level)

[realm]: heaven level

[Level]: Level 67

[Talent]: Law of Hunyuan (SS level), Seven Consciousness Awakening (S level)

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Origin]: This is the soul body of the 'Chaos Demon', which has been sealed here by the Tao of Heaven for more than 7,000 years and has been guarded by the Feng clan for generations.

[Reminder]: The Chaos Demon is the direct descendant of the four major beasts of Chaos. It was a powerful being of the "peak demigod" during his lifetime, and his strength plummeted after his death.

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

The monster in front of me has a lot of history!

Its name is 'Chaos Demon', which is the direct descendant of the 'Chaos' beast.

And the chaotic beast, ranked second among the four beasts, corresponds to the spiritual beast Suzaku, and is extremely powerful.