Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In fact, this Chaos Demon was also extremely powerful during his lifetime, reaching the pinnacle level of a demigod.

Fortunately, there is only one soul body left!

However, it actually mastered an SS-level talent - the Law of Primordial Primordial, which is still extremely terrifying.

Thinking of this talent, Qin Feng stared curiously at the talent column.

[The Law of Hunyuan: SS Grade Talent]

[Need to awaken the law of light, law of darkness, law of thunder, law of wind, law of gold, law of wood, law of water, law of fire, law of earth and other nine A-level talents, and then merge into SS-level mixed Meta-law talent. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng suddenly realized!

It turns out that the Primordial Talent came from this way. To put it bluntly, it is the prerequisite talent of the SSS-level Chaos Talent.

SSS-level chaotic talent, in addition to integrating the laws of the nine elements, also needs to integrate the laws of time and space.

In other words, it is the SS-level chaos talent, which combines the laws of time and space, and can be promoted to the SSS-level chaos talent.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and his heart became hot.

He has mastered the nine-element talent!

After destroying this 'Soul of Chaos Demon', will he have a chance to obtain SS-level Primordial Primordial talent?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, a sense of consciousness fell on his sense.

That is the consciousness of the 'Soul of Chaos Demon'.

Suddenly, the consciousness of both sides collided.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

An ethereal and majestic voice echoed in Qin Feng's mind.

"It seems that you are the current executor. You humble human, actually killed the deity's six-headed golem! The deity will destroy you now!"

This is the message from the divine consciousness!

Chaos Demon has no eyes, ears, nose, and nose, and relies on divine consciousness to communicate.

The voice just fell, and the field changed suddenly!

Boom!

I saw the bone altar trembling violently!

Whoa!

In the next second, the altar of white bones collapsed, and countless white lights shot up into the sky, flocking to the 'Soul of Chaos Demon'...

In fact, those bones are the bones of Chaos Demon.

After it died, the bones were made into a bone altar, and the soul was sealed in the altar...

click! click! click!

In a blink of an eye, countless white bones have been combined successfully!

A skeleton monster with bone wings on its back and sturdy limbs, resembling a human and a beast, appeared on the spot, with a body as high as 10,000 zhang.

That is the Undead Chaos Demon!

It is composed of the skeleton and soul body of the Chaos Demon, and its strength is naturally not as good as before.

Boom!

As soon as the 'Undead Chaos Demon' appeared, a monstrous atmosphere erupted, spreading to the surroundings, easily penetrating the barrier, and instantly enveloped a hundred miles!

Its combat power has suddenly reached 120,000 stars, which is the limit of the peak of the sky!

As soon as the momentum came out, it instantly crushed the audience!

boom!

The audience was shocked!

The crowd exclaimed loudly!

"Oh my God! Heaven-level limit!"

"This... how is this possible?"

"Didn't you say that the strength of the Demon God, the strongest will not exceed the peak of the ninth heaven level?"

"Yeah! How did it suddenly become so strong!"

"There must be... there must be something wrong with the seal!"

"Yeah! The strength of the previous golems has become much stronger!"

The voice just fell, and Tiandao's reminder sounded in everyone's ears...

[Urgent reminder: The Demon Sealing Altar was detected. Due to the long time and the power of the seal, the power of the Chaos Demon Soul increased greatly during this period. 】

[The difficulty of this task has been increased, the difficulty level has been raised from double A to triple A, and the task reward will be doubled]

boom!

When the news came out, the audience was shocked!

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

The difficulty has increased, and the benefits have doubled!

Others are starting to panic!

The difficulty of the task increases, will Master Qin Feng be unable to pass?

Even Granny Feng Qi looked uneasy.

"Hey! There have been rumors in the clan that 'every seven will change', but I didn't think it was true. Counting the number of times, this time the challenge mission is exactly the seventh time!"

Granny Feng Qi sighed helplessly.

Fengying jumped in a hurry: "Sister, the strength of this demon has reached the limit of the peak of the sky. If you calculate it like this, it can also kill the early stage of the five major ninth levels in one move. In such a comparison, I really can't tell whether it is with Lord Qin Feng. Who is stronger!"

Feng Xi also took a deep breath: "Yeah! This time I'm afraid it will be a battle between dragons and tigers, and the outcome is unpredictable!"

Feng Xi's tone revealed unease.

She is worried about Qin Feng!

But her voice just fell, and Qiyue's voice sounded from the side.

"Oh! There's nothing to worry about! Isn't it just the ultimate combat power of the peak of the sky! It's not that my master has never been killed!"

As soon as these words fell, the three women were shocked and looked at Qi Yue in disbelief.

Feng Ying swallowed her saliva, "Really?"

Qiyue raised her small mouth proudly: "Of course it's true! That was a long time ago. Now, my master is stronger. If I want to see, he can destroy the devil within ten moves this time!"

"Within ten moves?!"

The three girls exclaimed, feeling that it was too exaggerated!

"Qiyue, are you bragging?!"

Feng Ying's mouth was fast, and she couldn't help but mutter such a sentence.

It's really that Qiyue's words are too exaggerated, it's impossible!

Qi Yue was unhappy: "What! He said I was bragging! If you don't believe me, you will see if my master can destroy that devil within ten moves!"

"Um...really?"

Fengying looked at Qin Feng suspiciously.

Feng Xi and Feng Qi's mother-in-law also couldn't believe it, and turned to look at Qin Feng...

Seeing the suspicious look of the three girls, Qi Yue pouted, not only feeling unhappy, but also worried.

Because, this time, she is really bragging!

In her opinion, after the master and Xiao Luan'er are combined, their comprehensive strength should be infinitely close to the threshold of a demigod.

With that kind of strength, it shouldn't be a big problem to destroy the Demon God within ten strokes.

But now, Xiao Luan'er is no longer by the master's side!

It is hard to say whether the master can destroy the demon **** within ten moves.

Thinking of this, Qi Yue felt a little regretful.

She spoke too fast just now, she shouldn't say within ten moves, she should say within twenty moves.

By the way, should I tell the master, I just bragged.

Let him quickly summon Xiao Luan'er to help!

This face thing, still can't lose it!

She didn't know, and she underestimated Qin Feng.

Today's Qin Feng, even without Xiao Luan'er's help, his comprehensive strength has exceeded the threshold of the demigod realm, not only close to the threshold.

Just as Qi Yue was muttering in her heart, a sudden change occurred in the field.

Roar!

With a low roar, the Chaos Demon suddenly rushed towards Qin Feng...

Boom!

Suddenly, the monstrous magic power rolled towards Qin Feng, exclaiming all around!

"The devil is on the move!"

"Lord Qin Feng be careful!"

The girls opened their eyes wide and watched nervously.

In the blink of an eye, the Chaos Demon was killed above Qin Feng's head.

boom!

The Chaos Demon shot, the bone claws that penetrated the sky, and slapped it on Qin Feng's head!

laugh!

Where the claw wind passes, the void is torn apart, making a harsh tearing sound, and the momentum destroys the sky and destroys the earth.

At this moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and the momentum of his whole body exploded, and the basic combat power of 152,000 was displayed...

Boom!

The next second, in a radius of thousands of miles, the power of heaven and earth vitality rushed towards him frantically.

The power of anti-god-level foundation building is activated!

His momentum skyrocketed, reaching 162,000 stars in the blink of an eye.

At the same moment, Qin Feng flipped his palm, and the God-Defying Blade appeared out of thin air!

hum!

In the next second, the golden light of the God-Defying Blade will be released!

As soon as Qin Feng grasped the hilt of the knife, the man and the machine became one, and the momentum skyrocketed again, reaching 207,000 stars in a blink of an eye.

This aura suddenly surpassed the threshold of a demigod!

laugh!

It was at this moment that the giant claws of the Chaos Demon fell, covering the sky and covering the ground, and its momentum was earth-shattering.

"Humble human beings! Go to hell!"

In the sky, the roar of the Chaos Demon echoed, and the tone was full of aloofness.

It seems that it can kill the human being in front of it with one palm!

Swish!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Knife light flashed!

The blade of the God-defying God inspired the sky-shattering sword light to meet the sky-reaching giant claws!