Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In the blink of an eye, the sword light intersects!

click! chap!

A crisp sound!

That knife split the giant claw, and continued to slash down, instantly splitting the entire Chaos Demon into two halves!

Bang!

A blast!

The huge demon body collapsed suddenly!

Ow!

The mournful roar echoed in the void!

In the blink of an eye, the Chaos Demon collapsed, leaving only a translucent soul body that resides in the air, which is the soul of the Chaos Demon.

Just at this moment, the spirit of Chaos Demon's spirit plummeted and became extremely bleak!

Obviously, Qin Feng hit it hard with one knife!

Roar!

The soul of the Chaos Demon roared furiously, terrified inside.

He couldn't believe it, he couldn't even stop Qin Feng's move.

Whoa! La! La!

In the next second, the bones that shattered on the ground flew up again and rushed towards the soul body.

Chaos Demon wants to reshape the body of the undead again.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up with silver light!

call out!Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

A soul thorn that reached the limit of the peak of the sky, bombarded the soul of the Chaos Demon!

boom!

The soul thorn slammed violently on the soul body.

Ow!

The terrifying roar resounded again!

The soul of the Chaos Demon was hit hard once, and the strength of the soul body has dropped to the mid-level of the ninth layer, and it can no longer withstand this blow.

puff!

A blast!

The soul body burst into pieces, turned into red starlight in the sky, and collapsed everywhere!

Oh my God!

Went out!

Just two face to face!

Lord Qin Feng has destroyed the devil!

boom!

The crowd was once again completely shocked!

One by one is like a lightning strike, standing there on the spot!

This time, even Qi Yue was dumbfounded.

OMG!

The master is getting stronger again!

At this moment, an extremely dazzling white light flew from the broken bones all over the ground and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[You successfully killed the level 67 Chaos Demon Soul (Supreme Level) and gained +900 million energy points. 】

[You successfully killed the 67-level Chaos Demon Soul (Supreme Level) and obtained +600 million judgment points. 】

[You successfully killed the 67-level Chaos Demon Soul (Supreme Level) and gained +50 reputation. 】

[You successfully killed the 67-level Chaos Demon Soul (Supreme Level) and exploded an epic-level treasure chest (Eighth-level). 】

[You successfully killed the 67-level Chaos Demon Soul (Supreme Level), and a Talent Awakening Card (SS Level) was released. 】

Just two face to face!

Kill easily!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up again on his body...

[You have been promoted to level 24 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

...

[You have been promoted to a level 25 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Killing this devil is too cool!

It also raised his vocation two levels in a row.

But this idea came to him, and the upgrade white light lit up again on his body.

[Congratulations on reaching the required level, your vocation is dominated by the primary judge and automatically promoted to the intermediate judge]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Judgment Master', strength index +2000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Judgment Master', agility index +2000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Judgment Master', BMI +2000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Judgment Master', energy index +2000 points]

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum soared all the way!

He was amazed!

It turned out that when the vocation has risen to level 25, he can be promoted from the primary master to the intermediate master, which has caused him to increase his attributes by 8,000 points...

After a while, the upgrade white light disappeared.

Qin Feng's vocation advanced successfully, and his combat power has increased a lot.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Judgment Master', you have obtained the ninth-order vocation skill - Sacrifice of Faith. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Judgment Master', you have obtained the authority to condense the 'Seal of Life'. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Intermediate Judgment Master', you have obtained the permission to condense the 'Seal of Death'. 】

Then, a lot of information poured into Qin Feng's mind.

He closed his eyes involuntarily!

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes with ecstasy in them.

Chapter 440: Conquering the Phoenix Clan! The rewards are amazing!

At this moment, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

After the vocation was promoted to the first rank, he actually obtained a ninth-rank vocation skill—the sacrifice of faith.

Ninth-order skills!

This is the most advanced skill he has mastered so far.

Even better, this skill can make his messengers under his command and bring him great help.

As for the messengers under his command, they are Xiao Luan'er, the messenger of light, and Qiyue, the messenger of darkness.

However, after being promoted to the Intermediate Judge Master, he can recruit two more messengers, the messenger of life and messenger of death!

That is the meaning of his obtaining the authority to condense the 'Seal of Life' and the authority to condense the 'Seal of Death'.

Of course, these will be studied later.

Right now, he still has a lot of chores to deal with!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked forward, he was going to collect his spoils...

click! click! click!

At this moment, the barrier began to crack, making a series of soft sounds!

The devil has been executed!

The barrier begins to break!

Outside, the girls recovered.

In the next second, the audience burst into earth-shattering cheers.

"Destroyed! Destroyed! Lord Qin Feng destroyed the devil!"

"That's great! That's great! The curse that has affected our clan for seven thousand years is finally about to disappear!"

At this moment, the Feng Clan was extremely excited!

In the crowd, Feng Xi was even more emotional.

She has always thought that she is a peerless genius, and there are not many people in the entire first division who can compare with her.

But now compared with Qin Feng, it is like Yinghuo and Haoyue competing for glory. The two are very different!

Qin Feng is more than a hundred thousand miles stronger than her!

At this moment, she sincerely admires Qin Feng from the bottom of her heart.

What's even more rare is that even if Lord Qin Feng's talent is evil, he is still so young and handsome, which makes people fall in love at first sight.

It was a blessing for her to recognize such a man as her master!

Thinking of this, she silently looked at Qin Feng's back.

In those beautiful eyes, there is a hint of expectation, and some strange feelings...

At the same moment, Granny Feng Qi's lips trembled with excitement.

"I won! I won like this! Ah Ying, don't you have dazzling eyes?"

It all happened so fast!

From entering the enchantment to destroying the demon god, Qin Feng did not look at a lot of things, but basically killed all the way.

The total time he spent was about ten minutes.

It's all so fast!

It made Granny Feng Qi feel unreal.