Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Mother-in-law, you have no dazzling eyes! Lord Qin Feng really killed the demon god, he seems to have only used two face-to-face!"

Fengying was very emotional, and her tone was full of admiration for Qin Feng.

Now, she also feels that compared with the elder sister Qin Feng, there is really too much difference!

This Lord Qin Feng is so admirable!

In the future, Mr. Qin Feng will be the only idol in her heart!

Before she knew it, she had become Qin Feng's little fan girl.

"Yue'er, you are right this time! Lord Qin Feng is really within ten moves, and he will destroy the devil! Yue'er, how strong is Lord Qin Feng?"

Fengying looked at Qiyue with excitement and anticipation.

"Uh... this..."

After being asked this question, Qi Yue recovered from the shock.

The master's performance completely exceeded her expectations!

She was originally worried that the master couldn't solve the devil in ten strokes, but she didn't expect to solve it in two strokes.

In this way, she can't guess, what kind of strength is the master?

However, this girl Fengying came to ask herself, she couldn't say she didn't know!

Qiyue thought for a while, then raised her chin slightly and said proudly, "My master's comprehensive strength! At least it has reached the threshold of the demigod realm!"

"Wow! So strong! So admirable!"

Small stars appeared in Feng Ying's big eyes.

That is absolute worship to Qin Feng!

After going through the two previous events, she had no doubts about Qi Yue's words, and had no doubts.

Looking at Feng Ying's infatuated appearance, Qi Yue secretly secretly rejoiced, and was a little uneasy.

Up to now, she can't figure out the details of the master!

In fact, Qiyue still underestimated Qin Feng.

Today, even if Qin Feng is not psychic, his combat power has passed the threshold of the demigod realm.

Coupled with the fact that he has mastered nine S-rank talents, his comprehensive strength is definitely not at the bottom of the demigod early stage.

Instead of what Qiyue thought, it reached the threshold of the demigod realm.

At the same moment, inside the enchantment.

Qin Feng has already cleaned up the battlefield and harvested an epic treasure chest and a talent card.

[Epic treasure chest: 2% chance to open 8th-order items, 98% chance to open 7th-order items]

Qin Feng has the God of Fortune Card, which can fully open up eighth-order items.

In fact, he already has four mythical treasure chests, two epic treasure chests, and several purple diamond treasure chests and dark treasure chests.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

There is also a supreme synthesis card in his hand, and he can also close an epic treasure chest.

As long as he closes the last epic treasure chest, he will use his luck card to have a treasure chest feast.

That is equivalent to being able to open three eighth-order treasures and four ninth-order treasure chests. Thinking about it is exciting!

Moreover, this goal will soon be achieved.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

Then, he looked at the **** card in his hand.

It was a black **** card, exuding a purple glow.

[Talent Awakening Card: Unknown rank, after using this card, you can trigger the fusion of A-level laws of light, darkness, wind, thunder, gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, and get SS-level talent - the law of Hunyuan! 】

[Reminder: Only when the strength of the soul body has been raised to the level of a demigod can you have permission to use this card. 】

good! good!

After destroying the demon god, I really got the chance to get the SS-level Hunyuan law talent!

The only threshold is that Tiandao has set a small limit on the use rights.

But the strength of his soul body is just one line away from the demigod level, and he will be able to use this **** card soon.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the treasure chest and talent awakening card with satisfaction.

Such treasures are unavoidable!

"By the way, these are the bones of the Demon God, they should be able to be extracted..."

Qin Feng's eyes fell on the bones in front of him again.

The next second, he stepped forward to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of Chaos Ferocious Beast Essence and Blood (High Grade). 】

Sure enough!

What you get is still high-quality blood!

Qin Feng was surprised and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of Chaos Ferocious Beast Essence and Blood (High Grade). 】

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a mass of Chaos Ferocious Beast Essence and Blood (High Grade). 】

Got two more groups in a row!

continue!

【Endless extraction failed! The essence and blood in this skeleton has been extracted by you...]

good! good!

This demon skeleton provided him with three groups of high-grade divine beasts and blood, which was a big surprise!

[Chaos Ferocious Beast Essence and Blood (High Grade): Quasi-ninth grade, nine attributes. 】

[Reminder: Only by mastering the attributes of the nine elements at the same time can this blood essence be refined. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

He has all nine elements and can completely refine the blood of this chaotic beast.

Having said that, this high-grade chaotic blood essence belongs to the quasi-ninth grade, which is the same level as the high-grade Xuanwu blood essence, and the two are of equal value.

In this way, he has three **** of Chaos blood essence (top grade), two **** of Xuanwu blood essence (top grade), and one ball of Qinglong blood essence (superior grade) in his hands.

With so much blood essence, if he refines all of it, his strength will definitely skyrocket again.

It's a pity that he doesn't have time to deal with these now, so he can only refine it when he has spare time.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the three groups of blood essence with satisfaction.

Then, when his heart moved, he began to put the bones all over the ground into the storage ring one by one...

In fact, that Chaos Demon is also a beast!

Its skeleton is the skeleton of a supreme beast!

So far, Qin Feng has obtained the highest level of beast bones, which are only royal-level

This is the first time he has obtained this supreme-level skeleton, and it will be useful in the future.

Soon, Qin Feng finished collecting the bones and was very satisfied.

This time it can be said that the harvest is full of pots!

click! click! click!

Bang!

At this moment, the surrounding enchantment was completely shattered, turned into countless starlights, and scattered away.

boom! boom! boom!

Immediately afterwards, the altar in front disintegrated inch by inch, and the explosions continued!

hum!

Then, a golden light as thick as a bucket was released from the altar, rising into the sky, one after another.

Boom!

Suddenly, over the entire Fengming Valley, the void vibrated, and then one after another golden beams of light descended, landing on all the Feng Clan disciples, rushing into their sea of ​​consciousness...

The thickest golden beam of light fell on Qin Feng, poured in, and rushed into Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness

puff! puff! puff!

In the next second, there was a cracking sound in the sea of ​​consciousness of all the disciples of the Feng clan, as if some kind of seal was broken.

click! click! click!

Immediately afterwards, the sea of ​​​​knowledge of all the phoenix tribes began to condense a new soul contract.

In Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, the same voice came out, and it was also condensing the soul contract...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, the commander, completed the AAA level challenge task of the Feng Clan, and successfully broke the 7,000-year curse of the Feng Clan. 】

[Congratulations to the children of the Feng clan, the seven thousand year curse is being lifted]

[Congratulations to the children of the Feng clan, the level restriction after level 41 is lifted]

[Congratulations to the children of the Feng clan, the restrictions on breaking through the heavenly realm have been lifted]

[Congratulations to the children of the Feng clan, you are concluding a soul contract with the commander Qin Feng]

【Contract concluded successfully! Congratulations to the Feng clan for their successful recognition of the master! 】

[From now on, the children of the Feng clan will take Longyuan Mayor Qin Feng as the master and be their servants until death. If there is betrayal, the punishment will be dealt with by God! 】

[Congratulations to the children of the Feng clan, you have automatically obtained the qualifications of the townspeople of Longyuan Town. 】

[Congratulations to the children of the Feng clan, you have obtained the Tiandao operation panel]

[Congratulations to the children of the Feng clan, you have obtained the level 0 novice cabin and have the authority to upgrade the cabin]

[Congratulations on 1.9, Longyuan Town, the total population of the town has reached more than 20,000, and the **** conditions for a town to upgrade to level 7 have been completed...]

Boom!

At this moment, the upper and lower bodies of the Feng Clan continued to roar, and everyone had undergone earth-shaking changes.

The girls were overjoyed, and one curiously opened the panel to see the joy of becoming a challenging force

Become a challenging force, in the process of hegemony, but have great benefits and advantages!

The Feng Clan was merged into Longyuan Town, and from then on, it will soar into the sky!

At this moment, waves of cheers erupted in the field.

The girls were immersed in endless jubilation...

At the same time, Qin Feng's ears continued to hear Tiandao's reminders.

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, the mayor, for completing the Feng Clan's triple-A challenge task, and now the rewards will be awarded. 】

[Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng for getting 3 treasure chest helicopter cards (seventh rank). 】

[Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng for getting a Foundation Establishment Promotion Card (8th Rank). 】

[Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng, for obtaining 2 groups of top-grade true dragon blood essence (ninth-rank middle grade). 】

[Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng for getting 500,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng for getting 300,000 points reward (included in the mayor's personal points). 】

Boom!

After this announcement, the sky shook, and an extremely dazzling reward beam fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng.

Qin Feng was ecstatic!

This time the harvest is really great!