Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 441 The accumulation of thousands of years! Soar!

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body roared, and his attribute points skyrocketed!

In a blink of an eye, he received 500,000 attribute rewards.

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the second reward beam fell

3 Supreme Treasure Chest Helicopter Cards, 1 Foundation Establishment Promotion Card, slowly descended along the beam of light, and arrived in front of him in a moment

Qin Feng looked at the treasure chest helicopter with joy!

3 Extreme Treasure Chest Helicopter Cards!

Just enough to upgrade the two epic treasure chests in his hand to mythical treasure chests.

In this way, he still has a Supreme Synthesis Card and a Treasure Chest Helicopter Card in his hand.

As long as he gets two more purple diamond treasure chests, he can immediately get the seventh mythical treasure chest.

In other words, in the near future, he will have seven mythical treasure chests, which is equivalent to seven ninth-order treasures!

Just thinking about it makes my blood boil!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away 3 treasure chest helicopter cards with satisfaction.

Then, he looked at the Foundation Establishment Promotion Card on the side, and put it away with a smile.

This is a God Card that only those who defy the gods have the opportunity to obtain, and its value is more precious than the Treasure Chest Helicopter Card.

Qin Feng also put it away with satisfaction.

hum!

Just then, the third beam of light fell

Two groups of top-quality true dragon blood essence, with their own rays of light, shining brightly, slowly descending along the beam of light, they are in front of Qin Feng in a blink of an eye.

Qin Feng happily put it away again.

In this way, the divine blood on his body includes 2 groups of high-grade Xuanwu blood essence, 3 groups of high-grade chaos blood essence, and 3 groups of top-grade true dragon blood essence.

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

At the same moment, the Feng clan disciples were chatting excitedly, and the atmosphere in the field was extremely hot!

"Hey! Look! This is the log house creation interface, we can create a novice log house."

"Wow! It's true! The rumors left by our ancestors are all true!"

"That's great! That's great!"

"Each 18 sisters, I heard that upgrading the wooden house! It can make our strength soar!"T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Hee hee! Then what are you still doing? Hurry up and upgrade the wooden house!"

"Upgrading a wooden house requires a lot of materials! Like wood, stone, iron ore, ice stone, green wood core, fire glaze, etc., all of them!"

"Hee hee! I have all these materials! This storage ring, my little sister, was passed down by my grandma's grandma's grandmother. It is full of these materials, which can be used to upgrade the wooden house!"

"Haha! I also have a family storage ring in my hand. It was passed down from my grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather's grandfather. The materials are all inside. They have long guessed that this day will come!"

"What's so great about that? Sister, this storage ring was handed down from the eighteenth generation of the ancestors, and the materials in it are enough to upgrade ten level 7 wooden houses!"

"Cut! What's so great about ten level 7 wooden houses! This is a storage ring handed down by my ancestors in the twenty-ninth generation. It's no problem to upgrade to a hundred level 7 wooden houses!"

"Everyone, stop bragging! Hurry up and upgrade the wooden house! Improving your strength is the most important thing!"

"Yeah! Upgrade! Upgrade! Hurry up and upgrade the cabin!"

Boom!

As soon as the voice fell, there was a huge movement in Fengminggu.

One after another, level 0 wooden houses rose from the ground!

The whole valley is shaking!

In just a moment, there were more than 5,000 level 0 wooden houses in the valley!

Afterwards, those wooden houses lit up with white lights, and they were all upgraded like crazy.

From level 0 cabin to level 1 cabin!

From level 1 cabin to level 2 cabin!

From level 3 to level 4, level 5, level 6, level 7

The upgrade white light keeps on shining and never stops!

Qin Feng and Qiyue were both stunned!

Thinking about it, the Feng family has been cursed for seven thousand years.

They know that breaking the curse will make them a member of the challenging forces, so their ancestors have accumulated various materials for future generations.

The various materials and resources accumulated in the past seven thousand years are so rich that it is unbelievable!

hum! hum! hum!

Suddenly, in the valley, the sound of upgrades continued!

Rows of wooden houses are constantly lit up with white light.

Every time a white aura lights up, those wooden houses become taller and more delicate, and their momentum becomes more and more magnificent!

Qin Feng was amazed and secretly delighted.

Today's children of the Feng clan are all his servants.

He naturally hopes that these people can upgrade the wooden house and improve their strength.

That would be of great benefit to both him and Longyuan Town!

"By the way, it's time for me to take a look at my own gains!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and was about to open the panel

call out! call out! call out!

But at this moment, one after another dazzling white light flew from the void and poured into his body continuously.

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Nine Levels of Heavenly Stage), you will get +30,000 attributes, +20 million energy points, and +4000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden Person (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +12,000 attribute points, +93 million energy points, and +2000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +11,000 attribute points, +90 million energy points, and +1900 points. 】

Qin Feng quickly raised his head and looked in the direction of the Haoyang clan with a look of surprise.

Just now, the Mirage clone killed a Hao Clan powerhouse at the early stage of the ninth level of heaven.

The ice spirit clone killed two Hao clan powerhouses at the eighth level of heaven.

The prelude to Long Yuan's annihilation of the Haoyang Clan began.

call out! call out! call out!

Suddenly, hundreds of white lights flew from the void and frantically poured into Qin Feng's body

His attribute points, energy points, and points soared wildly again

The Haoyang Clan is stronger than the Blood Moon Clan, with more than 20,000 Earth-level disciples and more than 260 Heaven-level experts.

If this is all slaughtered, Qin Feng will benefit greatly!

call out! call out! call out!

In this way, Qin Feng's various indexes rose all the way.

He closed his eyes excitedly, enjoying the increase in strength.

This feeling of getting stronger and stronger is really wonderful!

After a full quarter of an hour, those white lights gradually diminished until they disappeared.

All kinds of backfeeding have just ended.

Qin Feng also opened his eyes with joy and looked in the direction of the Haoyang clan.

This time, the harvest of annihilating the Haoyang Clan was huge, and it was not at all under the subjugation of the Feng Clan.

In order to exterminate the phantom avatar successfully, the avatar of Yueling and Xiao Luan'er were also summoned to the past.

Facts have proved that the consideration of the Mirage clone is correct.

The annihilation of the Haoyang Clan went very smoothly, but it could only complete about 80%, and there was still the last level that could not be broken.

The final level is the ninth-order towering divine tree!

At this moment, the last hundred or so heavenly powerhouses of the Haoyang Clan are relying on the divine tree and are struggling to the death.

"Haha! That divine tree is interesting!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and looked away.

He was in no hurry.

Although the three avatars and Xiao Luan hadn't completely captured the Haoyang Clan, they also completely controlled the situation.

The only remaining one hundred or so heavenly powerhouses of the Haoyang Clan can only rely on the divine tree to do their final dying struggle.

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it and let the three clones deal with it.

Right now, he still has a lot of chores to deal with.

After he has dealt with those trivial matters, if the three avatars have not been settled, it will not be too late for him to go over and take action.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't wait to open the panel to check the latest data

[Level]: Level 39 97.14%

[Reputation]: 1706 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 152,000 stars

[Free attribute]: 1.227 million points

[Personal points]: 1.0631 million points

[Longyuan Points]: 1.3476 million points

good! good!

The free attribute points reached 1.227 million!

This is so powerful!

Of course, this is a superimposed record of conquering the Feng Clan and destroying the Haoyang Clan.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

In addition, the points have also exceeded one million, and the goal of 2 million points has been shortened by a lot!

What's even better is that Qin Feng's level has reached level 39 and 97.14%, and he will be able to rise to level 40 soon.

Perhaps, after he returns from the Holy Land, he will be able to participate in the Tianwu assessment and break through to the heavenly realm.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more he looked forward to it.

Of course, the most important thing right now is to hurry up and improve your strength.

Because the entrance to the Holy Land is about to open.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly added something to himself...

At the same time, the huts of the Feng clan's children were also upgraded, and all of them were level 7 huts.

The scene in the valley has a new look!

There are exquisite 7th-level pavilions everywhere, with their own halo of heavenly guardianship, which can be described as jewels and extraordinary.

Qiyue can only be amazed!