Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It was at this moment that the disciples of the Feng clan were chattering again and shouting excitedly.

"Wow! This is too powerful! My wooden house has been upgraded from level 0 to level 7, and I actually got more than 10,000 attributes!"

"Hey! The old lady got so much too!"

"This fairy also has more than ten thousand attributes!"

"Isn't this impossible? Rumor has it that when a level 0 cabin is upgraded to a level 7 cabin, you can also get seven or eight thousand attribute rewards. How did we get about fifteen thousand? It's almost doubled!"

"Yeah! It's really doubled! This is different from the legend!"

The girls were amazed.

They all believed in the words left by their ancestors.

At this moment, Qi Yue's voice sounded in the field.

"Everyone, let me tell you a truth! Longyuan Town is different from ordinary challenge forces. The difficulty of our upgrade has been doubled, but the rewards we have received have also doubled."

"So, when you upgrade from a level 0 wooden house to a level 7 wooden house, the attribute rewards you get are twice as much as expected!"

Qi Yue's tone was full of pride.

As soon as her 573 voice fell, the girls were in an uproar.

"That's what it is!"

"Not bad! Not bad! Every time you level up in Longyuan Town, the reward is double that of a village of the same level. Over time, the background is extremely deep."

"Yeah! According to this development, the foundation of Longyuan Town will become more and more solid. Even if it becomes a God's Domain in the future, it is very possible!"

"Of course! Don't look at it, who established Longyuan Town? That was established by our master, Lord Qin Feng!"

"Yes! Our master is so strong, it is not surprising that such an excellent Longyuan Town can be established!"

"Sisters, have you ever thought about it? The master is not only extremely talented, but also so handsome. I feel that we are so lucky! Hee hee!"

"You nympho! Don't talk nonsense, don't make the master unhappy, that's not good. Better hurry up and add more!"

"Yes! Add points! Add points! We just got more than 10,000 attributes, it's time to add them and improve our strength!"

"Those more than 10,000 attribute points can increase the combat power of about 300 stars. This time, this girl can break the 2000-star combat power!"

"Hee hee! I can break it too!"

At the moment, the girls happily opened the panel and added points to themselves.

Looking at their happy appearance, Qiyue felt a lot better, and she was a little envious.

At the same time, Qin Feng was adding points crazily.

It didn't take long for him to add 1,227,000 attributes, and his basic combat power soared to 176,400 stars.

If you count the power of foundation building, its comprehensive combat power has reached 186,400 stars.

On the plane again, the Blade of Demigod, that is 231,400 stars, has officially entered the initial stage of demigods, and is no longer on the edge of the threshold of demigods.

The initial combat power of the demigods ranges from 200,000 to 400,000 stars.

In short, Qin Feng's strength has skyrocketed this time.

Thinking of this, he closed the panel with satisfaction.

At this moment, the first light of dawn lit up in the east, dispelling the last trace of darkness before dawn.

It's finally dawn!

Boom!

In the next second, the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded over the entire competition area.

[Announcement from the competition area: In ten minutes, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened, please prepare for the players who have the 'Holy Land Pass'...]

The Holy Land is finally about to open!

This is the last big chance before the second round of knockouts starts.

The four hundred and fortieth chapter is promoted again! Another surprise!

"In another ten minutes, the entrance to the Holy Land will be opened. I have to finish those trivial matters as soon as possible."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

But at this moment, the void around him suddenly shook.

In the next second, a white light burst through the sky, madly pouring into his body

[Reminder: Your servant Feng Xi has a combat power of 2,000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Fengqi has a combat power of 2,000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Fengying has a combat power of 2000 stars, and you have received 400 attribute points as a reward. 】

It turned out that all the disciples of the Feng clan had added their points.

At this moment, the 2000-star combat power feedback is automatically activated.

call out! call out! call out!

One after another, white light poured into Qin Feng's body

His attribute points soared wildly again

A person who breaks 2000 stars will have 400 attributes to feed back.

This time, the Phoenix disciples have soared by around 300 stars, and the number of people who have broken through 2000 stars has greatly increased.

Qin Feng was greatly surprised, he couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the crazy skyrocketing of his attribute points again.

After a while, those feedbacks were all over.

In the field, the girls were all beaming with joy, discussing excitedly one by one.

"Third sister! My combat power has finally broken through 2,000 stars, reaching 2,100 stars, which is considered a first-level combat power!"

"I am a 2200 star, better than you!"

"Hee hee! That's great! It is said that after the battle strength reaches 2000 stars, if you go to participate in the Tianwu assessment, there is a 20% chance of being able to get a mid-grade Harmony Dao!"

"Tsk tsk! The middle-grade Hedao is much stronger than the low-grade Hedao!"

"Yeah! Low-grade Hedao only has 1,000-star power, and middle-grade Hedao has 2,000-star power, which is twice as strong!"

"You said that, I really want to go to the outer world and participate in the Tianwu assessment! Anyway, our curse has been lifted, and we have the right to participate in the Tianwu assessment!"

"This is not in a hurry! We are all servants of the master now. Even if we are going to participate in the Tianwu assessment, it will be arranged by the master. Whenever he asks us to go, we will go!"

"Yeah! Besides, if you break the 2000-star combat power to participate in the Tianwu assessment, you will have a 20% chance at most to get a mid-rank combination, but the probability is still a little small! Wait for our combat power to improve a little bit, I hope it will be even bigger. ."

"That's right! By the way, the master is so handsome, does he need someone to sleep with him?"

"Shh! Don't talk nonsense, if the master hears it, it's not good!"

Just as the girls were chatting, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

In just a short while, he received more than 300 battle strength feedbacks and obtained hundreds of thousands of attribute points.

In other words, there are more than 300 people in the Phoenix clan whose combat power has reached 2,000 stars or more.

In addition, there were originally more than 200 people in Longyuan Town, which broke the 2000 star rating.

Cumulatively, there are about 600 people who have broken the 2000-star rating.

That is to say, there are already about 600 people in Longyuan Town whose combat power has reached the first level of the Heavenly Rank or above.

This is a very considerable index, and it also represents the strength of Long Yuan's children. Even if it is placed in the top ten mysterious forces, it is still at the top.

Of course, in terms of talent and potential, Long Yuan's children are even better.

Because of the current Long Yuan's children, no one has gone to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

If these people participate in the Tianwu assessment again, the overall strength of Long Yuan's children will be greatly improved.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel at will and glanced at the property bar.

[Free attribute]: 141,200 points

good!

Got another 141,200 attribute points!

Qin Feng is in a good mood.

He was about to add some more points when Feng Xi walked towards him.

"Feng Xi has seen the master!"

As soon as she came up, she respectfully bowed to Qin Feng, with a shy blush on her beautiful face.

She was really satisfied with the master in front of her.

Behind her, Feng Ying also looked at Qin Feng timidly and shyly, her eyes revealing admiration without concealment.

Feng Xi's action, all the children saw, the field immediately became quiet, and they all looked over.

"Miss Fengxi, you don't need to give such a big gift, get up quickly!"

Qin Feng closed the panel, now is not the time to add points.

"Yes! Master!"

Feng Xi responded with a pretty voice, and got up obediently.

Then, she looked around at the people around her.

"Wait, why don't you meet the master soon?"

As soon as these words fell, the disciples woke up and came forward to pay their respects.

"I've been waiting to see the master!"

Suddenly, all the women in the field knelt down one after another.

For a time, Yingsheng Yanyu was also spectacular.

After all, more than 90% of the children of the Feng clan were women.

They also recognized Qin Feng from the bottom of their hearts.

Even many women have secretly admired him.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

With so many Feng clan disciples joining in, the overall strength of Longyuan Town has increased a lot.

"Get up! Get up everyone!"

"Thank you master!"

The girls complied and stood up respectfully.

At this time, Feng Xi stepped forward and said, "Master, according to the rules handed down from generation to generation by our clan, after finding the 'Master of True Destiny', you must present these three treasures to the Master of True Destiny!"RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

As soon as the voice fell, Feng Xi turned her palm over, and three things appeared in front of her.

The same is the **** card, the same is the token, the same is the blood essence.

Qin Feng looked at those three things

【Title Card (Phoenix Resident)】

【Passing Order (Holy Land)】

[Phoenix Blood Essence (High Grade): Quasi-ninth tier, fire attribute. 】

After reading it, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was pleasantly surprised.

He did not expect that Feng Xi also had a Holy Land Pass in his hand.

There is one more place for Longyuan Town to enter the Holy Land.

However, what surprised him the most was the drop of top-grade Phoenix blood.

Phoenix and Suzaku belong to the same clan, and they are both top-notch fire-attribute divine beasts.

And Qin Feng is only one fire attribute away from the SS-level bloodline talent.