Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He was worrying about where to find a drop of the blood of the fire-attribute divine beast, so that his bloodline talent could break through the shackles.

Unexpectedly, Feng Xi took out a drop of fire-attribute divine beast blood, which was still high-grade.

Having said that, the children of the Phoenix clan are all descendants of the divine beast Phoenix, so they all have bloodline talents.

This is very similar to the Qi family.

In this way, it is normal for the Phoenix Clan to have high-grade Phoenix blood essence.

"Master, I hope you will accept these three items."

Feng Xi respectfully offered those three things.

Qin Feng put away the land deed card and the blood of the phoenix, and then waved his hand, and the pass order of the holy land flew back to Feng Xi.

Feng Xi was puzzled.

Afterwards, she immediately said, "Master, this is the order for the passage of the Holy Land. When the entrance to the Holy Land is opened, you can enter the Holy Land with this order in hand, which is of great benefit to the Master."

Qin Feng smiled: "The deity already has two pieces of this pass. Keep this piece for yourself. After a while, the Holy Land will open, and you can go in with me."

Feng Xi was both surprised and happy.

She thought that Qin Feng might not have the Holy Land Pass, so she wanted to give this opportunity to the master according to the ancestral instruction.

Unexpectedly, the owner not only has a pass order, but also more than one piece.

The owner of the house is not ordinary!

At the moment, she happily agreed: "Thank you master!"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "This is your family's thing, don't thank me! By the way, this foundation building promotion card, you will be rewarded for your meritorious deeds!"

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, a Foundation Establishment Promotion Card flew to Feng Xi.

That foundation building promotion card is useless to Qin Feng, Xiaoluan'er, and Qiyue, because all three have used it once.

Now, it is naturally the most suitable for Feng Xi to use.

what! It was an eighth-order **** card!

Feng Xi took the divine card and glanced curiously.

Qi Yue on the side quickly explained: "Sister Feng Xi, this is an extremely precious foundation building promotion card. If you use it, there is a high probability that people's foundation building rank will be raised by one level."

As soon as these words fell, all around were amazed.

You must know that once the foundation building rank is formed, it cannot be changed.

This **** card can actually improve the foundation building rank, that is too powerful!

"This card is so amazing?"

Feng Xi looked at the divine card in her hand, surprised and delighted.

She is already a middle-level god-level foundation building, and if she can go one step further, it is a high-level god-level foundation building.

The first-class gods build the foundation!

If she has such a level of foundation building, it will be of great help to the next Tianwu assessment.

It can be said that the probability of winning the divine product is very high!

"Master, can this card really be promoted to the Foundation Establishment rank?"

Feng Xi couldn't help but ask, her beautiful eyes couldn't hide the look of anticipation.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "It is indeed possible! Of course, it is also based on the strength of the user. The stronger the strength, the higher the success rate of promotion. With your strength, the success rate is extremely high."

Feng Xi was delighted: "Thank you master for the reward!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "You can use it now, it can improve some strengths, and it will also be helpful for our next trip to the Holy Land."

Feng Xi hesitated: "Master, is it too late? In a few minutes, the entrance to the Holy Land will open. If I estimate it is not bad, it will take at least a few hours to complete the foundation building upgrade using this God Card, right?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It will take a few hours! However, it will take an hour from the opening to closing of the entrance to the Holy Land."

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "Master, just one hour is not enough."

Qin Feng smiled: "Qiyue can help you with this matter. In one hour outside, my zero-degree space is ten hours."

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Really?"

Qin Feng hurriedly said: "Time is in a hurry, you and Qiyue advance to the zero-dimensional space, hurry up and refine the God Card!"

"Okay, master!"

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't say any more, and with a wave of his hand, he took Feng Xi and Qi Yue into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he took out the land deed card, started to break the blood and blood, and dripped it to the **** card.

[You are integrating the land deed card (phoenix resident)]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the resident master of the Feng clan, and have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained a new site (special grade) and get 10,000 points. 】

【Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 21】

【Congratulations on your personal points increase to 1.0731 million points】

[Congratulations to Longyuan Points for raising to 1.3576 million points]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in Fengming Valley Mayor Qin Feng will receive 200 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', the address is located in Wanjiehai Sangyue Island Mayor Qin Feng will receive 1000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located in Fengming Valley Mayor Qin Feng will receive 500 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng will upgrade the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is located in Fengming Valley Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points reward]

After some operations, Qin Feng was rewarded with 3700 attribute points, and Fengming Valley was also included in Longyuan's sphere of influence.

So far, the children of the Feng clan have completely integrated into the Longyuan force!

There was an earth-shattering cheers from all the women in the field!

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

Afterwards, he confessed to mother-in-law Feng Qi and left.

Among the Feng clan, Feng Xi is the strongest, and her strength has reached the middle stage of the ninth level.

Granny Feng Qi came in second, and her strength reached the fifth heaven level.

Now, Feng Xi wants to follow Qin Feng to explore the Holy Land.

The affairs of his clan are naturally left to Granny Feng Qi.

Just as Qin Feng left, the sky shook again.

People in the entire competition area were shocked and looked up at the sky.

Everyone knows that the entrance to the Holy Land is about to open.

Chapter 443 The Holy Land Opens

At this moment, in Fengming Valley.

The girls all looked up at the sky, all showing longing.

"Look! There is movement in the sky! The entrance to the Holy Land is about to open!"

"I don't know what opportunities will appear this time the Holy Land opens? I really envy those who can enter the Holy Land!"

"Don't think about it! All the people who have always been able to enter the Holy Land are the top three leaders in the first knockout round. Ordinary people are not eligible to enter?"

"According to what you said, those who can enter are basically the powerhouses in the demigod realm!"

"It also depends on the overall strength of the competition area! If it is a strong competition area, the leaders of the top three forces can enter the top three, not to mention the demigod realm, even the virtual **** realm."

"If it is a weaker competition area, there will be people below the demigod realm. However, even the worst entrants will have the strength of the peak of the sky."

"My God! Those entrants are so strong!"

"That's of course! The chance to see it once in a thousand years, how can it be that ordinary strong people can enter?"

"That's right!"

"By the way, according to what you said, entering it with the strength of the master, I am afraid that it is also a weak existence?"

As soon as these words fell, the girls were slightly taken aback.

They hadn't thought about it before.

At this moment, there was a sigh from the crowd.

I saw Grandma Feng Qi said: "Hey! You are right! Those who are qualified to enter the Holy Land are all dragons and phoenixes, and each of them is the top figure in the competition area. Judging from the old age, the overall strength of the master should be half. God's threshold is around."

"With such strength, among those top figures, it should be a weak existence."

As soon as these words fell, the girls frowned and looked worried.

Feng Ying even frowned and said, "Mother-in-law, the master is so strong that he is considered weak among the entrants. Then my sister is not at the bottom of the table."

Granny Feng Qi smiled bitterly: "Girl, you're right! The patriarch should be at the bottom of the pack. But don't worry, this trip to the Holy Land is a trip by chance, but there is no life worry. The only pity is that the weaker ones, The chances of getting it will be less.”

"Like This!"

Feng Ying pouted, a little unhappy.

She naturally hopes that the master and the old sister can earn a lot of money in the Holy Land.

But according to the current situation, it is unlikely!

Granny Feng Qi seemed to see what she was thinking and laughed again.

"Girl Ying, you are not enough to swallow an elephant. To tell you the truth, as long as you are qualified to enter the Holy Land, it is a great opportunity, even if there is a little chance, it doesn't matter."

"You know, some demigod powerhouses with bad luck are not necessarily eligible to enter! The patriarch can enter, it is already her great blessing, even some demigod powerhouses will envy her, what else do you have? So sorry."

Feng Ying raised her small mouth: "Having said that, I still hope that the master and sister can get the best chance in the holy 997 land."

Granny Feng Qi smiled and shook her head, thinking that this girl is too greedy.

Those who can enter the Holy Land are the powerhouses among the powerhouses. If they want to compete for the best chance, they must at least have the strength above the False God realm.

And the master's strength is only the threshold of a demigod, and the patriarch is only the strength of the middle stage of the ninth layer.

Both of them are very weak, how can they get the best chance?

Having said that, even the worst chance in the Holy Land would be the envy of the demigods.

Thinking of this, Granny Feng Qi smiled and said, "You girl doesn't understand anything. As long as you can enter the Holy Land, it is a great opportunity. The benefits are unimaginable, and you don't have to get the best chance."

"Of course, the amount of chance to get this is not entirely dependent on strength, and sometimes some luck is needed. Perhaps, if the master and the patriarch are lucky, they can also get some superior opportunities."

Fengying's eyes lit up: "Yes! My sister has always had good luck. I wonder if she will be lucky this time too? Maybe, the master's luck is even better than her. When two lucky people are together, there are infinite possibilities. It's possible!"

Hearing this, Granny Feng Qi smiled and said nothing, and did not want to argue any more.

Speaking of luck, it's too ethereal!

Even if you are lucky this time, who can guarantee that you will be lucky next time?

At the same time, District No. 3, the residence of the Gaotu people.

This place has been occupied by Longyuan Town, and the battlefield has been cleaned up.

Today, nearly a thousand disciples of Long Yuan are staying here, and the leader is Liu Yuan.

Originally, this army was led by Yueling clone and Xiao Luaner.

Now, both Yueling's clone and Xiao Luan'er have been summoned to the Haoyang Clan.

At this moment, the sky suddenly shook.

Everyone in Long Yuan was shocked and looked up.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

They knew that the entrance to the Holy Land was about to open.

"What a big move!"

"Yeah! The entrance to the Holy Land is about to open!"

"I don't know what the entrance to the Holy Land looks like?"