Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, everyone in the field was muttering constantly.

call out!

At this moment, a white light flashed in the field, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"Hey! It's the boss!"

"Boss, why are you here?"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they happily greeted him.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I'm here to collect this site!"

"Boss, the entrance to the Holy Land is about to open. This is a great event in the world, and it is also your big opportunity. Don't miss it!"

Liu Yuan kindly reminded.

Just after these words fell, there was an earth-shattering roar above the sky!

Boom!

Everyone was shocked and looked up.

Seeing thousands of miles above the sky, a huge space crack slowly cracked open.

click! click! click!

The cracks got bigger and bigger, and then slowly opened to both sides, as if pushing open a giant door in space.

A moment later, a huge golden gate of light, reaching a height of 10,000 meters, appeared above the sky, exuding an extremely sacred aura, covering the entire competition area.

This scene is shocking!

Everyone in the field couldn't help shouting excitedly.

"It's open! The entrance to the Holy Land is open!"

"The door of light should be the entrance!"

Qin Feng also took a deep breath, looked up at the golden light door, and felt inexplicably that the entrance was extremely sacred.

"Hey! Look at what's over there?"

Suddenly, someone in the field exclaimed, as if they had discovered something.

Everyone looked at the sound.

Qin Feng also felt something and looked in that direction.

I saw thousands of miles away, a very small figure, flying at a very fast speed towards the golden light gate in the air.

Generally speaking, figures thousands of miles away are invisible.

But the man flew to a height of hundreds of millions of feet, so that people from far away could see it.

Of course, everyone saw him, only the size of an ant, because the distance was too far.

"Hey! That's a person! He seems to be heading for the entrance to the Holy Land!"

"Looking at that person's flying speed, he is definitely a sky-level powerhouse!"

"Does that person have a Holy Land Pass?"

These words have just fallen, and the little black dots thousands of miles away, after flying to the height of thousands of miles, can't fly up, as if they were blocked by something.

As for flying to the entrance of the golden light gate, it is even more impossible.

The entrance of the huge golden light gate is above hundreds of millions of miles in the sky.

After a while, the figure in the distance tried several times, but couldn't raise an inch any more, so he reluctantly gave up and fell back to the ground.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was suddenly surprised.

The disciples of Long Yuan were a little dazed.

"Boss, what's going on? Why did the person from thousands of miles away fly to the sky above thousands of miles, and he didn't fly up halfway?"

Liu Yuan asked curiously.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "You don't know, the Blue Star Realm we are in is actually a huge planet. There is a huge enchantment in the sky above this planet."

"The enchantment is so strong that even a demigod might not be able to break it, let alone a heavenly powerhouse. The man in the distance thought that as long as he flew to the entrance of the Holy Land, he could enter the Holy Land. He obviously wanted to too much."

"Even if there is no barrier to stop him, he arrives at the entrance of the Holy Land, and there is no pass order. It is impossible to enter the Holy Land."

Hearing this, everyone was stunned.

Liu Yuan even sneered: "There will always be some delusional people in this world! Even though there is no pass in hand, it is a bit ridiculous to think about flying into the Holy Land!"

Just when the words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from the competition area: The entrance to the Holy Land has been opened. Players who have the 'Holy Land Pass' can use the 'Pass' to teleport to the entrance]

[Reminder: Players are requested to enter the Holy Land within an hour. If it exceeds an hour, the entrance will be automatically closed and the pass will automatically disappear. 】

【Countdown: 60:00:0059:59:5959:59:58】

The countdown has begun!

Qin Feng took a deep breath.

Everyone in the field also looked at Qin Feng.

"Boss, the countdown has started, you have to hurry in."

Liu Yuansheng was afraid that Qin Feng would miss the opportunity.

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "No hurry! Even if I want to go in, I have to wait for Feng Xi to exit the customs. Besides, there is an hour to enter, so I won't miss it."

"What's more, whether you enter early or late, you have to wait for the entrance to the Holy Land to close before opening the opportunity inside."

Hearing this, everyone was stunned.

If so, then don't rush in.

As long as you enter the Holy Land within the specified time.

In fact, Qin Feng also wanted to enter the Holy Land immediately.

But he had a lot of trivial matters to deal with, and he had to wait for Feng Xi to leave the customs, so he could not go in right away.

"By the way, boss, this is the land deed card of the Gaotu people!"

Liu Yuan quickly took out a title deed card.

After Qin Feng took it, he began to break his fingers and blood clotted, dripping to the **** card.

【You are integrating the land deed card (Gaotu resident)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the master of the Gaotu resident, and have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained a new site (upper grade) and gained 5000 points. 】

【Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 22】

[Congratulations on your personal points increase to 1.0781 million points]

[Congratulations to Longyuan Points for raising to 1,352,600 points]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in the Gaotu resident, Mayor Qin Feng will receive 200 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', the address is located in the Gaotu resident, Mayor Qin Feng will receive 1000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located in the Gaotu resident Mayor Qin Feng will receive 500 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng will upgrade the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is located in the Gaotu resident Mayor Qin Feng will receive 2000 attribute points reward]

After some operations, the Gaotu people were completely included in the scope of Longyuan's strength.

So far, Qin Feng has completely unified the No. 3 area, and he has received another 3,700 attribute rewards.

He happily opened the panel and checked the latest data

[Level]: Level 39 97.14%

[Reputation]: 1706 points (God-defying)

[Combat Strength]: 186,400 stars

[Free attribute]: 148,600 points

[Personal points]: 1,078,100 points

[Longyuan Points]: 1.3526 million points

really!

Free attribute points have increased a lot!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Then, he added the starting point.

He is about to enter the Holy Land soon, so naturally he needs to improve his strength in order to win a better chance

In just a moment, he added points to complete, and the basic combat power skyrocketed to 189,300 stars.

He is satisfied with this.

After doing this, Qin Feng looked up in the direction of the Haoyang Clan, showing a look of surprise.

The divine tree of the Haoyang Clan was somewhat beyond his expectations!

The three avatars have not yet captured the sacred tree of the Haoyang clan.

It seemed that he had to go there himself.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flashed away and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, the Xinggu clan was stationed in a courtyard.

At this moment, the patriarch Xing Gu looked up at the sky and looked at the light of the entrance of the Holy Land, his expression was extremely gloomy.

The entrance to the Holy Land has been opened!

But he could only be amazed!

Thinking of his dignified demigod realm powerhouse, but he has no token and is not qualified to enter, and his heart is extremely aggrieved.

On the contrary, Qin Feng from Longyuan Town was qualified to enter, which made him extremely unhappy.

Ha ha!

Why did the leader of a challenge force who dared to be born took away his third place.

That is equivalent to taking away his chance to enter the Holy Land!

The more Xing Gu thought about it, the more depressed he became.

At this moment, light and shadow flashed behind him, and Taishang Elder Xingjin arrived.

"How's it going?"

Xing Gu asked casually.

"Patriarch Hui, the people we sent out have basically returned. Only the two people sent to the Blood Moon Clan and the Yaotian Clan have not returned yet, and they can't be contacted. I wonder if something happened?"

Penalty reported truthfully.

Xing Gu frowned: "The people who went to the Blood Moon Clan and the Yaotian Clan didn't come back? Strange! People from these two groups should not dare to touch our people. Is there something special happened?"

Xing Jin hesitated for a while and said: "Patriarch, could it be those two people who met someone from Longyuan Town on the road? At present, Longyuan Town is the most suspicious of those who will attack them."

Xing Gu's eyes lit up: "What do you mean, the location of Longyuan Town is near the residence of the Blood Moon Clan and Yaotian Clan?"

Xing Jin nodded slightly: "It's very possible! Whether it's the Blood Moon Clan or the Yaotian Clan, their old nest is on the Sea of ​​Ten Thousand Tribulations. I suspect that the old nest in Longyuan Town is also on the Sea of ​​Ten Thousand Tribulations, and it is close to the Blood Moon and the Sea of ​​Ten Thousand Tribulations. Yaotian."

Xing Gu pondered for a while and said, "It makes sense!"

"Patriarch, should we send someone to look for it now?"

"Not urgent!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xing Gu looked up at the entrance to the Holy Land at a high altitude.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"The entrance to this holy place has been opened! Presumably, Qin Feng will appear soon. The deity will stay here and see what the kid has three heads and six arms!"

Speaking of this, Xing Gu's tone was full of resentment.