Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

【Your level has been promoted to level 9! 】

【Your strength index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 10 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 10 points! 】

【You get 5 free attributes! 】

Fuck it~!

Upgraded!

Finally upgraded!

Cool!

So cool!

PS: It will continue to be updated during the day, at least ten updates today. Get up tomorrow morning to see the results. If the subscription today exceeds 1500, you will add more updates on the basis of ten updates. Ladies and gentlemen, the little authors are apprehensive, kneeling and begging for support!

The fifty-eighth chapter destroys the dry and brings the rotten, and wins a great victory! (7 more)

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling upgraded white light.

The momentum is soaring!

His strength is greatly increasing!

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

At the same time, several giant elephants rushed over desperately.

"roll!"

Qin Feng roared, and directly rushed over.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~!

Suddenly, the sword light flashed!

Blood splashes!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth, gaining +61-0 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

After the strength has increased greatly, Qin Feng's killing speed is even faster!

In just a few seconds, he killed three giant elephants in a row, killing a **** path.

At this time, Tiandao also came with a new prompt.

[Announcement: Novice Village No. 911, Qin Feng, a newbie, is the first to rise to level 9, and Novice Village No. 911 wins this resource bet! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to all members of No. 911 Novice Village, who have received 20 free attribute rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to No. 911 Novice Village, you will get double resource rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Lead the novice village 911 to win the bet and gain 3 reputation! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! In addition, get 50 attribute bonuses! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Plus get a silver chest reward! 】…………

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the people of 911 Village were stunned again!

Fuck it~!

Boss Qin Feng has been upgraded!

too fast!

It's all coming sooner than expected!

So fast that they can't react at all!

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, the sky shook, and white beams of light fell on everyone.

Everyone's attributes went up a little bit, and in a blink of an eye, their free attributes rose by 20 points.

The whole village is caught in an endless carnival!

...

And on this side, Li Luo on the grassland.

After Qin Feng made a **** path, he immediately rushed out of the elephant herd.

The elephant king had already escaped 700 meters away.

At this moment, a white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of his head.

The warm feeling spread all over his body in an instant!

His attributes went up a little bit, and in a blink of an eye, it went up by 20 points.

Then, the second beam of light fell, and he increased his attributes by 50 points.

Immediately afterwards, a silver treasure chest fell along the third beam of light.

He had to stop...

Boom~Long~Long!

The two mammoth guards and the remaining eleven giant elephants also took the opportunity to surround them...

At the same time, No. 5 Novice Village, at the entrance of the Level 9 Fierce Beast Area.

Takeda Shin bowed his head and stood respectfully in front of Rami Miyamoto.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Miyamoto-sama, are you ready to hunt the beasts?"

Nobu Takeda asked very respectfully.

"Don't worry! Takeda-kun, take this short knife."

Miyamoto Lang pulled out the short knife from his waist and handed it over with a serious expression.

"Lord Miyamoto, what is this short knife?"

"It's a wrong sword! If I lose this bet, I will cut myself to death on the spot! Takeda-kun, use this short sword to guide me wrong! Please!"

Hearing this, Takeda Shin was in awe.

Miyamoto-sama is indeed a respectable samurai!

"Hay!"

At the moment, Takeda Shin took the Jiecuo knife with both hands, his expression was extremely serious, and he even had a sacred bearing in the ceremony.

But at this moment, a series of amazing announcements resounded throughout the entire No. 5 Village!

[Announcement: Novice Village No. 911, Qin Feng, a newbie, was the first to rise to level 9, and the resource bet of No. 5 Novice Village failed! 】

[Announcement: All members of No. 5 Novice Village will weaken their free attributes by 20 points! 】

[Announcement: No. 5 Novice Village, all resources are halved! 】

Boom~!

The whole village 5 was stunned!

Fuck it~!

ended?

Confused!

Confused!

Everyone is completely dumbfounded!

Miyamoto Lang was dumbfounded!

Fuck it~!

He hasn't started killing monsters yet!

Is it over?

Takeda Nobuo on the side is the boss with his mouth open!

In just a few seconds, there was a wailing in the No. 5 chat channel.

Takeda Shin also calmed down.

He swallowed his saliva involuntarily, and stared blankly at Rami Miyamoto.

"Miyamoto-sama, do you want to cut your abdomen now?"

"idiot!"

Pa~!

Miyamoto Rami's hand was a loud slap in the face, which sent Takeda Shin away.

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, the sky shook, and black beams of light fell on all the people of Sakurajima in Village No. 5.

In just a moment, the attributes of these Sakurajima people were cut by 20 points.

As the sponsor of the gambling, Miyamoto Rami has been weakened by 40 points.

The wailing in chat channel 5 grew louder.

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, the mountains and rivers cracked, and the heavens and the earth shook.

The resources of Village No. 5 disappeared in large areas.

All the people in Village No. 5 were completely heartbroken, and their mourning became more and more miserable...

At the same time, 911 Village was left on the grassland.

Qin Feng caught the silver treasure chest that fell from the sky!

Ha ha! !

The second silver treasure chest has arrived.

Cool!

It's so cool!

He shoved the storage ring excitedly.

Ang~! Ang~!

At this moment, the elephant group rushed over desperately.

"roll!"

puff~! puff~!

Qin Feng roared and waved the long knife!

Suddenly, blood splattered!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】