Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Xingjin's eyes lit up: "Yes! Patriarch, your secret technique of remote vision. As soon as Qin Feng appears, you can spy on his appearance and even his cultivation."ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Xing Gu sneered: "This is what the deity is supposed to do! This time, this deity is just to see, what kind of realm is that kid? It is estimated that it is a heaven-level realm. Such a low realm, but there are two pass orders, it is a waste of nature. !"

Xing Jin smiled bitterly: "If there is no favor from Heaven, how could he get the token?"

Xing Gu sighed helplessly: "Not much to say! The deity is waiting for Qin Feng to show up!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xing Gu silently looked away thousands of miles away, staring at the entrance of the Holy Land, not daring to relax.

It turned out that he had a secret technique that could see thousands of miles away.

He was waiting for Qin Feng to appear, just to spy on Qin Feng's appearance and cultivation level, so that he could hunt him down in the future.

In his opinion, Qin Feng should be in the realm of heaven.

A heaven-level realm can enter the Holy Land, making him jealous and envious, and more of a resentment!

He didn't know that Qin Feng was not in the heaven-level realm, but the earth-level realm.

If he knew the result, he would be so angry that he would vomit blood on the spot.

Chapter 444: God Grade Spirit Pet

Just when the Xinggu Clan was paying attention to the movement of the entrance to the Holy Land, the Haoyang Clan was stationed, and something big was happening in Tanggu.

boom! boom! boom!

At this moment, an earth-shattering roar broke out in the valley!

I saw the huge soup valley, and the blood in the valley was already flowing into rivers.

More than 20,000 Hao clan disciples were all over the place, and the air was filled with a strong smell of blood.

In the center of the valley, the towering divine tree that was hundreds of millions of feet in height released a huge protective mask, covering the whole body.

Inside the mask, more than one hundred Heaven-level experts from the Haoyang Clan were sitting cross-legged with their eyes slightly closed.

Surprisingly, a yellow tree root was stabbed into each of their backs.

The root tip enters the body and absorbs energy.

The energy of the heaven-level powerhouses was introduced into the spirit tree along the roots of the trees.

In a moment, the entire divine tree burst into light, releasing an incomparably powerful protective mask, protecting the more than 100 heavenly powerhouses.

Meanwhile, outside the mask.

Nine thousand Long Yuan disciples including Mirage Clone, Moon Spirit Clone, Ice Spirit Clone, Xiao Luan'er, and Liu Xuan are frantically bombarding the protective mask.

boom! boom! boom! boom!

Thousands of attacks madly bombarded the mask.

The green protective mask kept shaking and shaking, but it was impossible to break through.

Seeing this scene, Phantom Mirage became anxious.

Xiao Luan frowned.

The disciples of Long Yuan also muttered constantly.

"I didn't expect that the Haoyang clan still had such a means to rely on this divine tree of heaven and earth to defend against our attack!"

"Yeah! With the protection of this divine tree, we can't kill those more than 100 guys!"

"It's really annoying!"

At this moment, on the Haoyang Clan, a white-haired old man slowly opened his eyes.

With a sneer on his face, he said: "Humph! You guys who are over yourselves, don't waste your energy! My clan has the help of the Jumang God Tree, and the protective mask released is comparable to the level of a demigod."

"Do you think that with your joint efforts, you can break the protection of the demigod realm?"

"Tell you the truth! My clan and the Ten Ominous Clan are in an alliance relationship. You attacked our clan, and we have informed the Ten Ominous Clan that their reinforcements are coming soon!"

The old man's tone was full of threats.

It turned out that the old man was called Hao Zhen, an eighth-level peak powerhouse, and the leader of this group of Haoyang powerhouses.

After listening to his words, Long Yuan moved slightly up and down.

The Ten Ominous Clan is also one of the top ten mysterious forces, ranking seventh, just above the Haoyang Clan.

If the old man is telling the truth, and the Ten Fierce Clan really sent people to help, it would be really troublesome!

It is impossible for Longyuan Town to withdraw its troops at this point!

Once withdrawn this time, the Haoyang Clan will not be able to be completely wiped out, and there will be endless troubles!

"Dad, the protective shield released by this divine tree is so strong! We have been attacking for so long, and we haven't broken it yet!"

Xiao Luan'er's mouth was raised high.

"Yes! Boss, that old guy didn't lie, this protective mask has definitely reached the level of the early demigod realm. The attack power of all of us together has almost reached the threshold of demigod realm, but we still can't break it!"

Liu Xuan also looked helpless.

The phantom avatar nodded slightly: "Yeah! This Jumang Divine Tree has reached the level of the ninth-rank top grade, and it will be a god-grade level if it is upgraded to another level. With its shot, plus more than 100 heaven-level powerhouses to assist, It can indeed release the protective mask of the demigod realm."

Xiao Luan'er rolled her eyes: "Dad, the ninth-rank top-quality divine tree! An absolute treasure of heaven and earth! If you take this divine tree back, we will be rich!"

The Mirage avatar smiled wryly and shook his head: "Little girl, you've missed the mark this time. This divine tree can no longer be considered a treasure, because it has already been born with self-consciousness and has become a demon tree."

"Although that self-consciousness is very weak, it has finally taken shape and has become a tree demon. What's more terrible is that it has been cultivated by the Haoyang Clan for generations, so we cannot conquer the absolute loyalty to the Haoyang Clan."

Xiao Luan'er suddenly said, "That's it! That's a pity!"

The Mirage clone smiled slightly: "It's not necessarily a pity! If it's a **** tree, it's collected as a material. If it's a tree demon, after killing it, there may be new harvests. Not to mention, the torso left after its death. , is still a treasure of heaven and earth."

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Yes!"

But then, she worried again: "But this guy's defense is too strong, we can't kill it at all! Also, the Holy Land has been opened, we don't have much time left, and we must deal with them as soon as possible."

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan, Qishan, and Lei Jue all showed anxiety on the side.

yes!

The Holy Land is about to open!

The boss is about to enter the Holy Land.

If they don't break through the protection quickly, I'm afraid they will really take this Haoyang clan.

call out!

Just when these people were anxious, a white light flashed beside Xiao Luan'er, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"dad!"

"Boss!"

"Boss, you finally arrived!"

Everyone was overjoyed when they saw Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled, looked at the protective mask in front, and looked at the entrance of the Holy Land in the distance.

Time is running out, he has to hurry.

"Dad, the protective mask of this demon tree is so strong! We have been attacking for a long time, but we can't break it!"

"Luan'er, let's get together!"

"Um!"

Xiao Luan'er instantly understood.

Boo!

A shocking phoenix cry!

The little guy instantly turned into a golden bird, and he released his aura, suddenly reaching 65,000 stars, which is the initial stage of the ninth heaven level.

The strength of the little guy has increased again!

Qin Feng was quite pleased.

In the next second, he pinched the psychic seal...

Xiao Luan'er turned into a golden light, pouring into his body...

click! click! click!

In just a moment, Qin Feng completed the psychic integration, and his momentum soared to 24 trillion stars. He stepped into the early stage of demigods in one fell swoop.

Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and the others were just dumbfounded.

Qin Feng also showed a satisfied smile.

The next second, he said in a low voice, "Stop it all!"

Although his voice was not loud, every disciple of Long Yuan could hear it clearly.

At the moment, all the children stopped attacking and looked at Qin Feng silently...

Today's Qin Feng can be described as one word!

"Hey! Stop!"

"The people in Longyuan Town have stopped!"

"Did Longyuan Town give up?"

Inside the protective mask, the Hao Clan sky-level powerhouses opened their eyes one after another and looked outside with joy.

They didn't know that all this was stopped by Qin Feng.

Na Hao Zhen laughed even more proudly.

"Haha! People from Longyuan Town! You all know how powerful this divine tree is! If you know each other, hurry up and leave! Otherwise, as soon as the reinforcements from the Ten Fierce Clan arrive, you will all be dead!"

Obviously, Hao Zhen was bluffing.

Long Yuan's disciples sneered.

This time, their boss has arrived in person.

The old man was dying, and he didn't know it.

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly floated up.

Only then did Hao Zhen and others notice Qin Feng, and they all looked at him.

"Hey! Who is this person...?"

"Could he be Qin Feng!"

"I don't know! By the way, there are several people in Longyuan Town who look exactly the same, and all of them are extremely powerful!"

"This person is a little different from those three. He has a pair of phoenix wings behind him!"

At this moment, all the experts of the Hao clan were in shock and looked at Qin Feng in the air.

They don't know what Qin Feng is going to do?

Hao Zhen hesitated for a moment, and then shouted to Qin Feng.

"My friend, this old man advises you to take people away quickly, otherwise, when the Ten Fierce Clan arrives, it will be too late for you to escape. Besides, you can't break our protection, so what's the use of staying here?"

Hao Zhen shouted loudly.

Qin Feng glanced at him coldly, with a sneer at the corner of his mouth.

He had already seen through the old man's sternness.

What reinforcements from the Ten Fierce Clan?

Mostly bullshit!

Thinking of this, he flipped his palm, and the God-Defying Blade appeared out of thin air.

The next second, he will hold the hilt!

hum!

God-defying blade, the golden light shines!