Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In just an instant, he completed the integration of human and machine.

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, reaching 285,000 stars in a blink of an eye, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

Long Yuan's eyes lit up up and down, and they were all excited!

Oh my God!

The boss has become so strong!

But in the protective barrier, the Hao people couldn't feel it, because Qin Feng's momentum was blocked by the protective mask.

However, Qin Feng's actions surprised them.

"Old Zhen, what's going on? The entire Longyuan faction has stopped, and this is the only one who took action. Does he want to break the ban alone?"

Someone asked in a low voice.

Hao Zhen sneered: "If that's the case, then this kid is too arrogant! The old man sees him as a pretence, and most likely won't shoot!"

But just after he said this, Qin Feng suddenly shot, raised his knife and slashed at the protective mask.

Hao Zhen was stunned!

Immediately, he was shocked and angry: "Arrogant! It's too arrogant!"

"Let's go! Let's go together!"

"Let this kid see our super protection!"

The strong roar!

hum! hum! hum!

As soon as the voice fell, a dazzling light flashed on everyone.

hum!

That mans **** tree also lit up the heavenly light!

In the next second, the protective mask that the **** tree and the crowd gathered together became even more dazzling, and the protective power also increased by one point.

hum!

At the same moment, the God-Defying Blade also lit up with golden light!

The power of a series of S-level laws, such as the law of killing, the law of destruction, the law of extreme sun, and the law of opening the sky, are stacked on top of each other.

At that moment, Qin Feng pushed the power of the knife to the extreme.

Hundreds of thousands of meters of sword light, soaring into the sky, making the sun and the moon change color, shaking the sky and the earth!

click! click! click!

Wherever the knife light passed, all the laws of heaven and earth were shattered, and the power was terrifying, suddenly surpassing 300,000 stars!

"Hey! This is"

At that moment, the Hao Clan experts felt something was wrong!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the sword light from the sky fell!

Swish!

Bang!

Knife light flashed!

The protective mask shattered instantly!

The huge power of backlash instantly backfired on those heaven-level powerhouses.

boom! boom! boom!

Those weaker heavenly powerhouses couldn't bear the force of the backlash and exploded on the spot, turning into a blood fog.

"what!"

The shrill screams echoed in the field!

In just a split second, nearly a hundred heaven-level powerhouses were shaken to death!

And the castration of that knife was still unabated, and it went straight to the Jumang God Tree.

click! chap!

A shocking sound!

The tree that was hundreds of millions of feet high was split in half by a knife!

Roar!

In the next second, the root of the divine tree uttered a painful beast roar, like a severely wounded beast...

Immediately afterwards, the entire divine tree lit up with blue light, and the split divine tree was actually healing itself...

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with silver light, and the soul-killing pupil instantly activated...

call out!

An invisible soul thorn blasted directly into the root of the tree.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

boom!

A silent bang!

The soul thorn hit the extremely fragile soul body of the tree demon!

puff!

Immediately afterwards, there was a soft sound from the bottom of the tree root, mixed with a tragic roar like a beast, like the last struggle before death!

In the next second, the divine tree that was being resurrected was instantly dimmed, and the green leaves also withered and fell off at a speed visible to the naked eye.

With just one knife, Qin Feng beheaded the demon tree!

"Wow!"

At this moment, Hao Zhen spat out a mouthful of blood, and raised his head with difficulty, just to see this scene.

He was completely stunned!

OMG!

The young man in front of him actually hacked to death the divine tree in their clan with one move!

impossible?

This is impossible? !

How could the divine tree die? !

"Go!"

At this moment, the voice of a mirage clone sounded in the field.

"kill!"

In the next second, the three avatars led the crowd to take action, directly killing the remaining Heaven-level powerhouses such as Hao Zhen into scum.

So far, the Haoyang Clan has been wiped out, and the S-level mission of Longyuan Town has completed another goal.

call out! call out! call out!

At this moment, one after another white light flew out from the field and poured into Qin Feng's body frantically.

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +13,000 attribute points, +96 million energy points, and +2100 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +12,000 attribute points, +90 million energy points, and +2000 points. 】

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Seventh Heavenly Level), you get +8000 attributes, +70 million energy points, and +1600 points. 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy points, and points are all skyrocketing.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Immediately afterwards, the demon tree also lit up with a dazzling aura that flew into his body.

[You successfully killed the 72-level Jumang Demon Tree (Supreme Level) and gained +1 billion energy points. 】

[You successfully killed the 72-level Jumang Demon Tree (Supreme Level) and gained +50 reputation. 】

[You successfully killed the 72-level Jumang Demon Tree (Supreme Level), and a spirit pet egg exploded. 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 40! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Finally got to level 40!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

By the way, he killed this demon tree, and a spiritual pet egg exploded.

What is that?

Thinking of this, he looked curiously at the root of the demon tree, and saw a half-human-sized spiritual egg floating there.

Qin Feng hurriedly peeped at the spirit egg

[Jumang Spirit Egg: God-grade, born from the Jumang divine tree that absorbed billions of years of innate wood attribute aura]

[It can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, can breed spiritual pets above the demigod realm, and be loyal to the owner. 】

boom!

Qin Feng was shocked!

Somewhat dumbfounded!

He did not expect that this demon tree could actually breed a god-level spiritual pet.

In the next second, there was ecstasy on his face!

Chapter 445 Ninth-order skills! Sacrifice!

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the sentence mangling egg with satisfaction.

This god-level spirit egg has unimaginable potential.

If the incubation is successful, it will definitely be a great help!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the spirit tree at his feet again.

At this time, the spiritual tree has faded, and the whole body is dry, like wood, and there is a faint trace of spiritual light flowing.

[Wood: Supreme Grade]

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

Isn't that the same as Chaos Demon!

After Chaos Demon died, the skeletons left behind were supreme-level skeletons.

After the death of this demon tree, the torso left behind is supreme-grade wood, which will definitely be of great use in the future.

At the moment, Qin Feng put the trunk of the entire tree into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he looked around and saw that Long Yuan's disciples were all collecting loot.

Everyone's faces were filled with joy.

Before, they had been attacking the sacred tree all the time, and there was no time to deal with the loot all over the ground. Now they can finally be cleaned up.

At the same time, the three avatars are also cleaning up the bodies of the heavenly powerhouses.

Seeing this, Qin Feng also took out a title deed card and began to break his fingers and blood clots.

【You are integrating the land deed card (the residence of the Haoyang tribe)】