Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the owner of Tanggu, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained a new site (special grade) and get 10,000 points. 】

【Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 23】

【Congratulations on your personal points increase to 1.102 million points】

[Congratulations to Longyuan Points for raising to 1.401 million points]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', the address is located in Tanggu Mayor Qin Feng will receive 200 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built 'Lingquan Well', and the address is located in Tanggu Mayor Qin Feng to get 1000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located in Tanggu Mayor Qin Feng to get 500 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng will upgrade the guardian altar from low-grade to middle-grade, and the address is at Tanggu Mayor Qin Feng to receive 2000 attribute points reward]

After this operation, the Haoyang tribe's resident Tanggu was completely included in the sphere of influence of Longyuan.

Qin Feng also got 3700 attributes.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

At this moment, another series of reminders came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: Your townsman Liu Xing's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have received 400 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Zhou Peng's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Zhao Tong has a combat power of over 2000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

Another series of back-feeding auras continued to pour into the body.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng obtained more than 200 battle power feedbacks, that is, more than 90,000 attributes.

It turned out that Long Yuan's disciples had already cleaned up the battlefield, and they all got a lot of money, so they started to add more points.

After this addition, more than 200 people have broken the 2000-star combat power.

So far, Longyuan Town's combat power has broken through 2,000 stars, with a total of about 800 people.

In other words, there are more than 800 heaven-level powerhouses in Longyuan Town.

Among them, Liu Xuan, Qishan, and Lei Jue have once again risen in strength, reaching the peak of the third level of heaven, and they are not far from the fourth level of heaven.

The Haoyang family was wiped out, and Long Yuan's strength rose again.

Qin Feng is very pleased!

"Not bad! Not bad! This time, I gave back more than 90,000 attributes!"

Qin Feng muttered, and began to check his free attribute points

[Free attribute]: 263,200 points.

Seeing this, Qin Feng laughed.

He didn't expect that he would clean up the last wave of Haoyang forces and get more than 260,000 attributes.

Of course, there are more than 90,000 points among them, which come from feedback from subordinates.

Qin Feng didn't hesitate and started adding points directly.

What he needs most now is to improve his strength, because the Holy Land has already been opened.

Counting the time, there are still about 50 minutes before the Holy Land closes.

At the moment, he happily counted up

In just a moment, he finished adding points, his basic combat power skyrocketed to 195,000 stars, and his strength skyrocketed again.

If you count the power of foundation building, the combination of psychics, and the blade against the gods, the comprehensive combat power can reach 290,000 stars.

Such strength is not bad among the players who have entered the Holy Land.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is very satisfied, and he has more confidence in the trip to the Holy Land.

It was at this moment that Liu Xuan and Qishan came over.

"Boss, the Haoyang Clan battlefield has been dealt with!"

"Master, the Holy Land has been opened, why haven't you entered yet?"

"Yes! Boss, why haven't you entered the Holy Land?"

Both looked concerned.

Qin Feng didn't say much, and looked up at the entrance of the Holy Land.

Having said that, the entrance to this holy place has been open for about ten minutes, but no one has entered.

It was only when he had this thought that at the gate of light at the entrance of the Holy Land, a small black spot in the shape of a human appeared out of thin air.

"Hey! Look! Someone wants to enter the Holy Land!"

"Yes!"

At this moment, everyone in the field was startled and looked up.

It's just that the distance is too far, and everyone can only see a small black spot.

In front of the huge door of light, that person seemed extremely insignificant.

The next second, the figure of the man flashed, and he got into the huge door of light and disappeared.

Not long after the first person entered, a human-shaped black dot appeared out of thin air at the entrance.

Then, the second person also disappeared in a flash and got into the Holy Land.

Then came the third one...

In this way, since someone took the lead in entering, one strong person after another entered.

In a blink of an eye, a dozen or so entered.

When the sixteenth figure entered, over the first competition area, the announcement of Tiandao sounded.

[Announcement from the competition area: Da Luo Patriarch 'Luo Tian' has entered the Holy Land with an order. 】

When the announcement came out, the audience was shocked.

"It's the patriarch of the Daluo clan!"

"The Daluo Clan is the second-ranked existence in the top ten mysterious forces!"

"That Luo Tian is definitely a demigod!"

The crowd was overwhelmed with emotion.

It was at this moment that Tiandao announced again.

[Announcement from the competition area: The patriarch of the Six Paths, 'Dao Kong', has entered the Holy Land with an order. 】

The crowd was in an uproar again!

"This time it's the patriarch of the Six Dao Clan!"

"Yeah! Will this 'Daokong' be the number one player in our division?"

"I don't know either!"

At the same time, when Qin Feng saw this, he already understood some rules.

That is, after players from the same competition area enter the Holy Land, they will be announced by Tiandao, so that the same competition area will know which people have entered.

Players from other regions will not be announced.

At this time, Qi Shan said: "Master, both of us in the competition area have entered. You are the only one left!"

Liu Xuan smiled and said: "Elder Qishan, you made a mistake this time. The boss has two tokens in his hand, so we still have two places to enter the competition area. One is the boss, and the other should be Xiao Luan'er?"

Qin Feng smiled and said nothing more.

In fact, Longyuan Town has three places instead of two.

Qishan suddenly realized: "Yeah! The old man almost forgot about this. Having said that, after the first round of competition, the total number of pass orders issued by Tiandao is about forty."

Liu Xuan nodded: "That's true! The top three forces will each get one, and then the first place will get one, forty in total. That is to say, there will be forty players in our entire Blue Star Realm."

Qishan: "Master, there are about 20 people who have gone in now, and it's almost halfway in, won't you go in?"

Qin Feng hurriedly said: "I still have something to deal with, and I will enter after a while. By the way, when I enter the Holy Land, you will continue to lead Long Yuan's children to attack those guardian forces, and the more territories you occupy, the better."

"I'll wait to understand!"

Liu Xuan and the two quickly took orders.

Next, Qin Feng will unlock the 5,000-star combat power feedback.

To unlock 5000 stars, 40 sites are required.

There are currently only 23 sites in Longyuan Town, which is far from the goal.

Qin Feng naturally wants his subordinates to speed up the occupation of the major guardian forces

After instructing those trivial matters, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air and entered the zero-degree space.

At this moment, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng summoned Qiyue over.

"Master, is the Holy Land opened?"

As soon as Qiyue saw Qin Feng, she asked about the Holy Land.

At present, for everyone, the Holy Land is the biggest thing.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It's already opened, and there are still forty minutes before the entrance closes. Yue'er, I have something important and I need to test it on you."

Qi Yue blushed: "Master, if you have any arrangements, just say it!"

"Okay! Then you sit cross-legged and close your eyes!"

"Um!"

Qiyue sat down obediently cross-legged and closed her eyes.

Seeing this, Qin Feng hurriedly broke his finger to clot blood, then stretched out his fingertips, pressed it on the little girl's smooth forehead, and slowly drew a mysterious blood talisman.

At this moment, Qi Yue clearly felt that the master's fingers were smooth and moist, causing her inexplicable little face to turn red.

hum!

In just a moment, the blood talisman was drawn!

The bright red aura lit up, causing the law of heaven and earth to tremble!

At that moment, Qi Yue's soul trembled.

In the next second, the blood talisman mysteriously sank into Qi Yue's eyebrows and merged into the depths of her soul.

At the same moment, Qin Feng heard Tiandao's reminder

【Contract successful! Congratulations to you and the dark messengers under your command for completing the sacrifice contract and meeting the requirements for the "Sacrificial Faith". 】

At the same time, a lot of information poured into Qi Yue's mind.

After a long time, she slowly opened her eyes, her face full of joy.

"Master, the sacrifice contract between us has been successfully signed. In this way, Yue'er will be able to help you in the future!"

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Let's try the effect now!"

"Yeah!" Qiyue nodded obediently.

At the moment, Qin Feng began to pinch the seal.

Qi Yue hurriedly sat down cross-legged and closed her eyes.

In the next second, Qin Feng completed the seal.

Qi Yue's whole body lit up with a dazzling golden light.

Immediately afterwards, a golden light flew from her body and poured into Qin Feng's body.

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, his combat power increased by 20,000 stars.

At the same time, Tiandao also came out with a reminder.

[Faith sacrifice was launched successfully! You have temporarily gained 50% of the Dark Angel's combat power! 】