Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

50% combat power!

20,000 stars!

good! good!

Qin Feng was surprised!

It turned out that he was using the ninth-order vocation skill—the sacrifice of faith.

[Sacrifice of Faith: Temporarily borrow half of the combat power of the messengers under his command for his own use. 】

The sacrifice of faith is indeed a ninth-order skill!

In this way, the messenger of light, messenger of darkness, messenger of life, messenger of death under his command are of great use to him.

This skill is really wonderful!

Even better, it's a vocation skill that no one else can learn.

Only the Intermediate Judge Master can master this skill.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng pinched a seal and lifted the sacrifice of faith.

The next second, a golden light flew out of his body and returned to Qiyue's body.

In just a moment, Qiyue woke up from her slumber, and her combat power was restored as before, without any sequelae.

"Master, what's the effect?"

The little girl looked concerned.

Qin Feng nodded with satisfaction: "The effect is very good! Yue'er, you accept this token. This time, you will enter the Holy Land with me."

Qin Feng took out a holy land pass and threw it to her.

The little girl was stunned: "Master, this token is more suitable for Xiao Luan'er? She is stronger than me and will help you even more!"

Qin Feng smiled and said, "As long as Xiao Luan'er and I are in a state of fusion, her soul body and I will be in a semi-fused state. In that way, she and I only need a token to enter the Holy Land together."

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "It turns out that this is still possible! It's great!"

Qin Feng said again: "Besides, you and I have signed a sacrifice contract, so your entry into the Holy Land will be of great help to me. At least, you can increase my 2.8 star combat power by 20,000 stars."

It turned out that Qiyue's combat power had reached 40,000 stars.

Through the sacrifice of faith, Qin Feng can borrow 50%, which is 20,000 stars.

"Master, I understand! Then this time, I'll go in with you!"

At the moment, Qi Yue happily put away the token.

"By the way, Master, do you want to sign a sacrifice contract with Luan'er?"

Qin Feng shook his head: "With the combination of psychics, I can obtain 70% of Xiaoluan's combat power. This is more efficient than sacrifice, so there is no need to sign."

Qi Yue suddenly said, "So that's how it is!"

Qin Feng smiled again: "Xiao Luan'er doesn't need to sign a sacrifice contract, but Feng Xi is suitable to sign a contract."

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Master, do you want to turn Sister Feng Xi into a messenger of light?"

Qin Feng shook his head: "No need! Besides, Feng Xi doesn't master the law of light, and she can't become a messenger of light."

"Actually, after I've been promoted to Intermediate Judge Master, I can recruit a messenger of life and a messenger of death."

"The death messenger needs someone who has signed a servant contract with me, and at the same time masters the S-rank law of death. Feng Xi completely meets this requirement. Therefore, I can train her to become a death messenger."

Qiyue was overjoyed: "Yes! By the way, sister Qiyue's combat power has reached about 80,000 stars. If she becomes a death messenger, you can increase your combat power by another 40,000 stars."

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Having said that, Feng Xi has been in seclusion for a while, what is the result?

"Hey! This is"

Qin Feng sensed something when he had that thought.

The next second, he looked in a certain direction with a look of joy.

That's where Feng Xi's retreat is.

Chapter 446 Candidates for the Messenger of Life

"Master, what's wrong?"

Qi Yue asked curiously.

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Feng Xi is out!"

Qiyue was overjoyed: "That's great! We can enter the Holy Land. By the way, Master, has Sister Fengxi succeeded in her advancement this time?"

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, the space in front of him shook.

The next second, a beautiful figure appeared out of thin air, it was Feng Xi.

At this moment, Feng Xi was beaming with joy.

"Owner!"

As soon as she appeared, she saw Qin Feng and hurriedly stepped forward to salute.

That gentle and beautiful appearance, every move is pleasing to the eye.

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "Yes! You are already a high-class god, and your strength has improved a lot."

Feng Xi looked grateful: "All this is a gift from the master!"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "If you are not talented, even if you have that **** card, you may not be able to be promoted successfully. There is also your strength in it."

Qiyue also said happily: "Sister Fengxi, you have been promoted from a middle-level god-level foundation building to a high-level god-level foundation building, and the power of foundation building alone has increased by 2,000 stars. You should have 82,000 star combat power. Bar?"

Feng Xi smiled and nodded: "That's right!"

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "Very good! Feng Xi, are you willing to be the death messenger of this deity?"

Feng Xi was curious: "Master, what is a death messenger?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "The deity's vocation is to judge the master, and can recruit the messenger of light, messenger of darkness, messenger of life, messenger of death"

At the moment, Qin Feng briefly explained the situation.

After Feng Xi heard this, she was both surprised and delighted.

She really hoped that she could help her master, but she didn't know what to do.

Now that she has become a messenger of death, she can help her master through religious sacrifice, and she is very willing.

What's more, after becoming the messenger of death, the relationship with the master will become more intimate.

That is equivalent to becoming the closest confidants of the 18 masters. Just like Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue, their status will become extremely high, and others can't compare at all.

This is exactly what she wanted!

"Master, the little girl is willing to be your death messenger!"

Feng Xi quickly expressed her position.

Qin Feng said with relief: "Very good! However, I can't recruit you as a 'death messenger' for the time being."

Feng Xi wondered, "Why?"

Qin Feng sighed: "To recruit you as a death messenger, you first need to integrate the 'Death Seal'. Although I have obtained the permission to condense the 'Death Seal', I still cannot condense the Death Seal for the time being."

"Because condensing the 'Seal of Death' needs to be based on the SS-level talent for reincarnation of life and death. I'm still one line away from the talent of reincarnation, so the matter of condensing the 'Seal of Death' needs to be delayed for a while."

In fact, as long as Qin Feng awakens the eighth consciousness, Alaya consciousness, the S-level light and dark reincarnation can immediately be promoted to the SS-level reincarnation of life and death.

And he has the ninth-order spiritual fruit in his hand - the heavenly soul fruit.

As long as he takes the Heavenly Soul Fruit, he can immediately awaken the eighth sense.

You can take the Sky Soul Fruit, you need the strength of the soul body to reach the level of the demigod.

And his soul body strength is at the peak level of heaven, and it is still a line away from the threshold of demigod realm.

To put it bluntly, he is now stuck on the strength of his soul body.

At this time, Qi Yue suddenly said: "So that's how it is! Master, this trip to the Holy Land should have the opportunity to increase the strength of the soul body."

Feng Xi also said, "Yes! As far as I know, there are countless opportunities in the Holy Land. It shouldn't be difficult to find a chance to strengthen the soul."

Qin Feng is also looking forward to it: "I hope so!"

If he can break through the shackles of the soul body in one fell swoop in the Holy Land, it will greatly improve his strength.

At this time, Qi Yue said again: "Master, Sister Feng Xi is your 'Messenger of Death' in the future, so you still lack a ready 'Messenger of Life'. Master, have you found a candidate?"

Feng Xi also asked curiously, "Master, to be your life messenger, isn't the requirement low?"

Qin Feng nodded: "That's right! If you want to become a messenger of life, you must first have a servant contract with me, and then you must master the S-level 'law of life'."

As soon as these words fell, both Feng Xi and Qi Yuejing's expressions changed slightly.

Afterwards, Qiyue smiled bitterly: "Master, this threshold is too high! Among the S-level laws, the laws of life and death are the most difficult. It's not bad for ordinary people to understand an S-level law, let alone the most difficult ones. the law of life."

Feng Xi also sighed: "Yeah! Mastering S-rank talents is too difficult! As far as my Phoenix clan's children are concerned, few have mastered A-rank talents, let alone S-rank talents."

"Master, it's not easy for you to find a person who masters the innate talent of the law of life! Even if you find it, whether that person will willingly recognize you as the master is another matter."

Having said this, Feng Xi and Qi Yuejin both looked anxious.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "That's not necessarily! I have a very suitable candidate now!"

Qi Yue was surprised: "Master, do you have a choice? But as far as I know, no one in Longyuan Town has mastered the law of life!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "No one has mastered Longyuan Town, but this little guy has mastered it!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he waved his hand, and a cyan-colored spirit egg exuding charm appeared in front of the three of them. It was the sentence mangling spirit egg.

"My God! This is a god-level spirit egg!"

Feng Xi couldn't help exclaiming.

She has seen people before, and recognized the rank of spirit eggs at a glance.

Qi Yue was also stunned.

Qin Feng explained with a smile: "This spiritual egg was bred from the Jumang God Tree, which has its own 'law of life', so the pet hatched from this spiritual egg will definitely have the 'law of life' '."

Qiyue was full of surprises: "Master, that's great! As long as you hatch it with blood essence, it will be the same as Xiao Luan'er. Once it is born, it will have a natural blood contract with you, which is the messenger of life. The best candidate."

"What's even better is that this little guy is a god-level spiritual pet. Maybe it can have a very strong strength as soon as it is born. In the future, there is no threshold for breaking through to the demigod realm."

Feng Xi smiled: "Yue'er, you don't know something. Feeding a spiritual pet, if the quality of the master's blood essence is high, the spiritual pet egg will evolve, and the hatched strength will be stronger."

"The power of the master's blood and essence is extremely high. Maybe this little guy will have the potential to become a False God realm as soon as he is born."

Qi Yue exclaimed: "Sister Feng Xi, if you say that, I envy this little guy."

Feng Xi sighed with emotion: "Who wouldn't be envious? It's luck to meet a clan with high blood essence and blood! The match between this little guy and his master is a match made in heaven!"

This remark made Qin Feng feel hot.

If his blood essence can make the Jumang Spirit Egg evolve again, that's definitely a good thing.

In the future, he will have a more powerful subordinate, surpassing Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue.

I'm afraid that the three of them together will not be as good as Xiaojumang.

Thinking of this, he smiled and said: "Okay! Don't talk about these distant things. Wait a minute, we will enter the Holy Land, and you two will prepare."

"Yes!"T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The two girls left happily.

After the two girls left, Qin Feng happily observed the pet egg in front of him.

This should be his biggest achievement so far.

After watching it for a while, Qin Feng broke the blood and dripped the blood into the egg...

slap!

The fiery red blood essence, which was as red as glass, dropped on the eggshell, and was completely sucked by the spirit egg at a speed visible to the naked eye.

hum!