Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, the spirit egg emitted a faint blue light.

A looming mental fluctuation emanated from the egg, expressing joy and intimacy to Qin Feng.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

Knew it!

This spirit egg only absorbed a drop of blood essence, and the sleeping little guy woke up, and initially established a blood connection with him.

Everything is going in a good direction!

Qin Feng smiled and stroked the egg with one hand to comfort the little guy inside.

The fluctuating thoughts emitted from it are more obvious, and they are more intimate to Qin Feng.

This made Qin Feng full of infinite expectations for this new spiritual pet.

After being appeased for a while, the little guy in the spirit egg gradually fell asleep.

Qin Feng felt that it was almost done, so he left the egg in the secret room and disappeared out of thin air.

A quarter of an hour later, the sky above Tanggu.

Qin Feng, Feng Xi, and Qi Yue stood in the air, looking up at the entrance to the Holy Land hundreds of millions of miles above.

Of course, Qin Feng is now in a state of psychic integration.

Below the three of them, everyone in Long Yuan looked up and watched excitedly.

"The boss is finally leaving!"

"Yeah! So excited!"

"You said, what chance will the boss get when he enters the Holy Land this time?"

"I don't know! In short, the more opportunities the boss gets and the stronger he becomes, the better it will be for us Long Yuan!"

"It's the truth!"

At this moment, everyone was talking excitedly, even more excited than Qin Feng.

At the same moment, Qin Feng silently glanced at the entrance of the Holy Land, and then looked back at the people in Long Yuan below.

This time, he was going to enter the Holy Land.

After entering the Holy Land, he could not come out.

At least until the Holy Land opportunity ends, he cannot come out.

This is the rule of heaven!

Therefore, he left the four avatars in Longyuan Town.

With the strength of the four avatars today, they can work together to be comparable to the threshold of a demigod, so it should be no problem to hold Long Yuan.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

"Feng Xi, Yue'er, it's time for us to go!"

"Yes, Master!"

At the moment, the three of them each took out a holy land pass, and with a thought, they activated the token at the same time.

hum! hum! hum!

The three tokens bloomed with golden light at the same time, covering Qin Feng and the three of them.

In the next second, Qin Feng and the three disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, the criminals were stationed.

Xing Guyao looked at the entrance of the Holy Land, frowning.

Behind him, Elder Xing Jin also looked annoyed.

"It's really weird! Daokong and Luo Tian from our competition area have entered, but Qin Feng's kid has been slow to show up. What is he trying to do?"

Elder Xingjin's tone was full of complaints.

They have been watching for half an hour, and their necks are almost sore, but Qin Feng just hasn't appeared.

This made him very unhappy, and he thought to himself that the kid was a bit pretentious!

Xing Gu also sneered: "There are still twenty minutes 590, the entrance will be closed. That kid should come out too!"

Only after these words fell, three human-shaped black spots appeared at the entrance of the Holy Land.

"Hey! Patriarch, look! There are three people at the entrance!"

Xing Jin exclaimed.

Xing Gu also saw it.

At this moment, his mind moved, and his eyes instantly burst into golden light.

hum!

A silent beep!

The power of the pupils penetrated hundreds of millions of miles in an instant.

Xing Gu's vision penetrated hundreds of millions of miles at once, and saw the appearance of the three figures at the entrance of the Holy Land.

One is a handsome and noble young man, the other is a beautiful young woman, and there is an extremely beautiful girl.

This pair is very young!

These three are Qin Feng, Feng Xi, and Qi Yue.

At that moment, Xing Gu had another thought, and used the pupil technique to spy on the three of them.

He wanted to spy on the cultivation of these three people.

But after this peep, he was a little dumbfounded!

These three people are all at the Earth-level realm!

"how can that be!"

Xing Gu couldn't help muttering.

"Patriarch, what's wrong?" Xing Jin hurriedly asked.

Xing Gu retracted his pupil technique and turned his head: "It's weird! The deity saw that the three of them were all from the prefecture-level realm. When did the prefecture-level realm qualify for a pass?"

Xing Jin was surprised: "No way! Patriarch, more than 90% of the entrants you spied on before are demigods, and only 10% are at the peak of the sky. As for none below the peak of the sky."

"Now that three prefecture-level realms have suddenly appeared, are you wrong?"

Xing Gu said proudly: "This deity's 'clairvoyance' secret technique, remote viewing and prying, will never go wrong. Perhaps those three guys rely on the secret technique, and when they arrived at the entrance of the Holy Land, they did not have the token in their hands."

Xing Jin nodded: "That's right! It's impossible for a prefecture-level realm to have a pass, and they don't have the strength to obtain a token."

But as soon as these words fell, Qin Feng's three figures flashed, and they got into the Holy Land at the same time.

Xing Jin and Xing Gu were instantly slapped in the face, and couldn't help being stunned.

The next second, Tiandao sent three prompts in a row.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

[Announcement from the competition area: "Qin Feng", the mayor of Long Yuan, has entered the Holy Land with an order. 】

[Announcement from the competition area: 'Feng Xi', a citizen of Longyuan Township, has entered the Holy Land with an order. 】

[Announcement from the competition area: "Qiyue", a citizen of Longyuan Town, has entered the Holy Land with an order. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Xing Gu and the two were shocked and dumbfounded.

It turned out that those three were from Longyuan Town!

In the next second, Xing Gu's roaring roar erupted in the field!

Chapter 447 Shocked the demigods!

"How is it possible! How is this possible?!"

Xing Gu roars!

That roar shook the entire courtyard!

Xing Gu couldn't believe it, all of this was true.

The three people who entered the Holy Land were actually only at the Earth-level realm!

Why?

Why in the end?

Why is Heaven so unfair!

Xing Gu never believed that this was an opportunity that Qin Feng obtained with his own strength.

If you want to rely on strength to obtain opportunities, you must at least have strength above the peak of the sky!

He didn't believe that Qin Feng could reach the strength of the peak of the sky with the realm of the earth level.

Therefore, in Xing Gu's view, Qin Feng was able to obtain the opportunity of the Holy Land by relying on the favor of heaven.

This made him feel extremely unbalanced inside!

In fact, Qin Feng has already surpassed the pinnacle level of heaven and reached the initial stage of demigod with the realm of the earth level.

No one can believe this!

"The way of heaven is unfair! The way of heaven is unfair!"

Xing Gu sighed in the sky, his face full of resentment!

Thinking of his dignified demigod powerhouse, he didn't get the chance, why should he get a prefecture-level realm?

wrong!

Not one, but three!

What kind of **** luck did Longyuan Town have to make Tiandao so partial, and gave them three places at once!

You must know that many of the top forces in the division only have two places.

Longyuan Town actually got three places!

In other words, in this Blue Star Realm, Longyuan Town is the force with the largest number of people entering the Holy Land.

The best forces in the other nine divisions have only entered two people.

The more Xing Gu thought about it, the more angry he became!

He really didn't understand what was going on?

Xing Gu did not know that Long Yuanzhen had entered not only three people but four people this time.

Xiao Luan'er relied on psychic integration and went in with Qin Feng.

"Hey! I didn't expect it! Three people entered Longyuan Town!"

At this time, Xing Jin recovered from the shock, with a look of emotion on his face.

Xing Gu sneered: "If there is no favoritism of Heaven, how can Longyuan Town enter so many people!"

Xing Jin nodded: "Yeah! Heaven's way is unfair! By the way, patriarch, the strongest forces in the other divisions also entered two people, how did Longyuanzhen enter three? How did they do it?"

Xing Jin suddenly thought of this question.

After being reminded, Xing Gu also realized this, and couldn't help frowning.

After a while, he nodded slightly: "This is really weird!"

Xing Jin added: "One more thing, we always thought that Qin Feng was a heaven-level powerhouse, but we didn't expect him to be an earth-level realm. It's incredible!"

Xing Gu sneered: "Humph! This just shows that the way of heaven is unfair! Under normal circumstances, can an earth-level realm compete for the peak of the heaven-level realm? Not to mention, the powerhouses who enter this holy land are basically demigod realm powerhouses. already."

"As far as the deity's observation has been, thirty-seven people have entered the Holy Land. Among these thirty-seven people, only four are at the peak of the sky, and the rest are all in the demigod realm, and even several are at the peak of the demigod."

"Only the three people in Longyuan Town are at the Earth-level realm."

The more Xing Gu said, the more angry he became.