Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Xing Jin also sighed: "Hey! The way of heaven is too partial to the challenging forces! Thinking about it makes people feel heartbroken!"

Xing Gu was indignant: "Humph! Even with the favor of Heaven, Qin Feng and the three of them won't get much benefit. They are only at the prefecture level. Why do they compete with those demigods?"

"Wait and see! The three of them are definitely the three who have gained the least in this holy land opportunity. Heavenly Dao gave them the opportunity, it is simply a waste of money!"

Xing Jin nodded again and again: "Yes! Think about it and know that this will be the result. By the way, patriarch, Qin Feng has now entered the Holy Land. According to the rules, they will stay in the Holy Land for more than 12 hours."

"During this period, Longyuan Town will not be guarded by Qin Feng. Shall we take the opportunity to destroy his lair?"

Xing Gu's eyes lit up.

He was very interested in the proposal.

It was because of the existence of Longyuan Town that they took away the third place of the Xinggu Clan.

If you can take this opportunity to destroy Longyuan Town, that is also a good choice!

"That's a good idea! Xingjin is too high, so do you know the location of Longyuan Town?"

Criminal inquiry.

Xing Jin hurriedly said: "The exact location, my subordinates don't know. However, the two people sent by our clan to the Blood Moon Clan and the Yaotian Clan lost contact for no reason. Therefore, the old man suspects that the sphere of influence of Longyuan Town may be in the blood. Near the Moon Clan and Yaotian Clan."

Xing Gu nodded slightly: "It makes sense! You quickly send someone to check it out. As soon as you find their specific location, you will notify the deity. This time, the deity will kill them personally!"

Xing Jin was excited: "Yes! Patriarch! This old man will arrange it!"

Then, he hesitated: "By the way, the patriarch, it is still in the rest period. Even if I discover Longyuan Town, I can't kill them at will. Killing one person will deduct one thousand points."

Xing Gu said indifferently: "Don't worry! With the strength of this deity, as long as I discover Longyuan's lair, I can imprison all of them and make them unable to move."

"Then, let's wait until the second round starts. As soon as the second round starts, this deity will kill all of them immediately!"

Xing Jin is happy: "This method is feasible!"

Xing Gu added: "In addition, the deity has been guarding Longyuan's lair, and you can wait for Qin Feng and the three to return. Those three people are equivalent to throwing themselves into the net. At that time, the deity killed Qin Feng and the three of them, and they were in the Holy Land. All the gains will be owned by the deity!"

Xing Jin's eyes lit up, and he praised again and again: "High! It's really high! Patriarch, with your arrangement, you are the ultimate winner! Everything Qin Feng and the three have worked so hard to earn will eventually be cheaper for you!"

Xing Gu said proudly: "How can Qin Feng and He De occupy such an opportunity? The deity kills him to seize the opportunity, and it is the match of virtue!"

Xing Jin smiled and said: "That's how it should be! Patriarch, this old man will arrange it!"

"Go!"

Immediately, the penalty is revoked.

After Xing Jin left, Xing Gu looked up at the entrance of the Holy Land again, the corners of his mouth curled up, and he sneered in his heart.

snort!

Qin Feng! Qin Feng!

Although you have entered the Holy Land, who is not necessarily the final winner? !

At the same moment, the first division, Ecstasy Valley.

The Valley of Ecstasy is the home of the mysterious force Wanling Clan!

At this moment, above the valley, an old man with a black robe and a black beard looked at the entrance of the Holy Land vaguely.

Behind him, followed by a thin young man.

"The coffin is too good, the situation doesn't seem to be good!"

The skinny young man couldn't help but muttered.

It turned out that the old man with the black robe and the black beard, whose name was Coffin, was a Supreme Elder of the Myriad Spirit Clan, ranking third in the Myriad Spirit Clan.

The second ranked is Soul Shadow Venerable, and the first is the patriarch Soul Void Great Venerable.

At this moment, the coffin nodded slightly: "It's really not good! This time, Soul Shadow Taishang received a secret letter from Yedra, went to the Yaotian family, and waited for an opportunity to kill Xue Shura and others. One of the important purposes was to gain access to the Holy Land. make."

"But just now, you heard Tiandao's announcement. Three people from Longyuan Town entered the Holy Land. Blood Shura, Yaoji, and Soul Shadow Taishang did not show up. It can be seen that they robbed Qin Feng's order. The card failed."

"What's even more terrifying is that we can't get in touch with Soul Shadow too, and we can't even get in touch with Yedra. Something big must have happened here!"

Having said this, the coffin's expression became even more gloomy.

It turned out that he also knew about the secret deal between Yedra and Wanling.

The skinny young man's expression changed slightly after hearing this.

After a while, he took a deep breath of air-conditioning: "Ms. coffin, what do you mean, there might be something wrong with Mister Soul Shadow?"

The coffin had a gloomy face: "It's very possible! Even, Yedra may have an accident."

The young man's face changed greatly: "Then what should we do?"

The coffin sighed: "The matter is so important that this old man can no longer handle it. All this has to be handled by the patriarch."

The skinny young man frowned: "But my uncle is in seclusion, and he won't be able to get out for a while."

It turned out that this skinny young man was the nephew of Venerable Soul Void.

The coffin said: "Don't worry! In a few hours, the patriarch will be able to leave the customs. This time he leaves the customs, he will definitely be able to break through to the demigod realm. At that time, the patriarch will personally take us to find the truth!"

The skinny young man's eyes lit up: "If my uncle succeeds in breaking through the demigod realm, then the Heaven-killing powerhouse can be captured. The subordinate suggested that the first step should be to go to Yuesang Island!"

The coffin nodded slightly: "That's how it should be! When we arrive at Yuesang Island, we will probably know the reason why Soul Shadow Taishang and Yedra lost contact."

Yuesang Island is the home of the Blood Moon Clan!

However, it has now become the territory of Longyuan Town.

When the Wanling people go to Yuesang Island, they will inevitably conflict with Longyuan Town!

"Tai Shang, my subordinates always feel that the loss of Soul Shadow Tai Shang and Yedra has something to do with Qin Feng. But I can't figure out, does Qin Feng have such strength?"

The skinny young man muttered again.

The coffin sighed: "Hey! The old man can't tell! I don't want so much, we just wait for the patriarch to leave the customs."

The skinny young man nodded slightly: "This is the only way to go now!"

But on the other side, Qin Feng, Feng Xi, and Qi Yue felt the world spinning as soon as they entered the gate of light at the entrance of the Holy Land, with countless golden lights spinning around, and countless scenes changing.

Qin Feng knew that this was the start of portal teleportation.

Immediately afterwards, he felt again that the pass in his hand disappeared.

That Holy Land Pass is a consumable item!

Entering the Holy Land once will consume a pass.

At the same moment, Qin Feng heard Tiandao's reminder.

【Congratulations on entering the No. 73 safe area of ​​the Holy Land! 】

[Reminder: Every hundred star realms share a safe area. 】

[Reminder: In the safe zone, it is forbidden to kill each other. 】

[Reminder: This holy place is only open for 12 hours, do your best to get your chance within 12 hours. 】

Hearing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

The so-called star realm, just like the blue star realm, is a planetary world.

An astral world should have about 40 players.

One hundred star realms, that is about four thousand people,

Tiandao did not gather everyone in the same safe zone, but put a hundred star realms in one zone.

There are 100 safe zones when the ten thousand worlds are divided.

Qin Feng figured this out, and he stepped on the ground, and the golden light around him disappeared.

He found himself in a huge square.

Feng Xi and Qi Yue were beside him.

"Owner!"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Master, here we are!"

When the two women saw Qin Feng, they were all determined.

Then, they looked around excitedly.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[After 23 minutes, the entrance to the Holy Land will be closed. At that time, the Holy Land will officially open, and players need to continue to wait]

It turned out to have to wait another 23 minutes!

Qin Feng was taken aback and looked around the square.

There were thousands of people in the square, men and women, young and old. Some of them had wings, some had four arms, and there were even eccentrics with animal heads and human bodies, but all of them had extraordinary imposing manners, almost all of them above the demigod realm.

Several of them have reached the pinnacle of demigods.

As for the Heavenly Realm, Qin Feng saw only a few at a glance, and they were all huddled in the corner of the square, looking a little inferior.

"Hey! Look! Three more people are here!"

"They are all very young!"

"They should all be above the demigod realm!"

"Of course! If you can enter this place, how many are not demigods?"

At this moment, there was a commotion in the field.

Those powerhouses also sensed the appearance of Qin Feng and the three of them, and they all looked busy here.

One after another, powerful divine consciousness came to spy on it unscrupulously.

But in the next second, all the powerhouses were a little dumbfounded, and their eyes stared at the boss!

No way? !

Are they right?

These three are at the prefecture level? !

PS: I wish all readers a happy New Year's Day!

In the new year, all wishes come true and everything goes well!

In addition, ask for monthly ticket support at the beginning of the month! Greatful! !

Chapter 448 Breakthrough! SS-level bloodline talent!

boom!

Suddenly, there was an uproar in the field!

"No way! Only at the Earth level?!"

"The deity is not wrong!"

"I should have read it right! These three people are indeed at the Earth-level realm!"

"What's going on? When will the prefecture-level realm be eligible to enter this holy place?"

"Yeah! Even if they are not demigods, those who come to this holy place are at the top of the heaven-level realm. At least they must be at the peak of the heaven-level. Even ordinary heaven-level powerhouses are not qualified, let alone Earth-level."

At this moment, the powerhouses shook their heads again and again, looking at Qin Feng and the three of them, full of disdain and contempt.

They are ashamed to be in the company of the prefecture-level realm!

In other words, three prefecture-level players suddenly appeared, lowering their status.

Feeling the arrogant and disdainful eyes of those powerhouses, both Feng Xi and Qi Yue felt a little uncomfortable.

No one wants to be looked down upon, let alone in full view.

At this time, someone in the crowd whispered.

"It turns out that these three people are from the Blue Star Realm!"

"Blue Star Realm? Haha! It seems that the Blue Star Realm's strength is too weak! Otherwise, these three Earth-level realms would not be allowed in."

"Yeah! People from other star realms, even if they are the weakest, are at the peak of the sky. From this, it can be seen that there are no strong people in that blue star realm!"