Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The powerhouses sneered and shook their heads, unabashedly showing contempt.

In this world of slaughter of the heavens, everything is respected by strength.

The weak are naturally looked down upon.

Just these words made some players from the Blue Star Realm feel flushed.

"Damn it! These three guys are from that region?"

"I don't know! All of us from the seventh division came in, and the weakest one is the early demigod. These three guys are definitely not from our division!"

In the crowd, two middle-aged men whispered, looking at Qin Feng and the three with a bit of a bad look.

It turned out that the two were also from the Blue Star Realm.

However, they are from Division 7.

The appearance of Qin Feng and three people lowered the evaluation of the powerhouses on the Blue Star Realm, and naturally lost their face.

When they looked at Qin Feng's three people's eyes, they were naturally a little unhappy.

On the other side, a white-haired mother-in-law and a beast-headed man were also muttering.

The eyes of these two people looking at Qin Feng are also a bit bad!

They are from the ninth division of the Blue Star Realm.

At the same time, in the direction of the northwest corner, two men with extraordinary breath were also looking at Qin Feng, and their expressions were a little unhappy.

These two are Daokong and Luo Tian in the first division!

But 933, they don't know Qin Feng, so they don't know that Qin Feng and the three of them are in the same competition area.

At this moment, they are still complaining, in the end it was these three prefecture-level people who appeared in that competition area, and they lost all face of the Blue Star Realm.

It turned out that in this holy place.

Everyone can spy on each other's realm and where they come from, but they can't spy on the identity of the hider, guardian, challenger, etc.

Because of this, Daokong and the others never thought that Qin Feng and they were in the same competition area.

In short, most of the strong people who can come here are the leaders of the forces. They are used to being high and powerful, so they naturally place more importance on their face.

The players in the Blue Star Realm all felt that Qin Feng and the three had lost the face of the Blue Star Realm, and naturally they would not give them a good look.

"Master, these guys seem to look down on us!"

"Yeah! They looked at us with disdain. A few guys were a little bit resentful, as if we had offended them."

Feng Xi and Qi Yue whispered.

Feeling being targeted, the two women were also a little unhappy.

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly raised: "Those guys who have grievances against us should also be from the Blue Star Realm. They blame us for embarrassing Blue Star."

"What! It hasn't even started yet, it's not certain who will embarrass whom!"

Qiyue's small mouth is raised high.

Qin Feng smiled: "don't pay attention to these people! Let's go!"

Immediately, the three walked to the corner of the square, avoiding everyone's eyes.

The powerhouses also felt bored, and looked away, no longer paying attention to Qin Feng and the three, but looking at the peak demigod powerhouses in the crowd.

Those top powerhouses are their biggest opponents and obstacles!

As for Qin Feng and the three, they are not worthy of their attention at all...

In this way, they soon stopped paying attention to Qin Feng and the three.

They also came to a remote corner of the square.

Seeing that no one around was paying attention, Qin Feng quietly released the psychic union, and Xiao Luan'er appeared.

"dad!"

As soon as the little guy appeared, he looked around excitedly.

"Hey! Dad, where is this?"

Xiao Luan'er looked at the square suspiciously.

In the psychic state, her soul body and Qin Feng's soul body are in semi-integration, and her mind falls into a deep sleep, naturally unaware of what just happened.

"Little guy, this is the Holy Land, and we're in safe zone 73."

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

The little guy was overjoyed: "Wow! That's great! We're finally in! Hey! This is Sister Feng Xi, right?"

It was the first time Xiao Luan'er saw Feng Xi.

"Yeah! I'm Feng Xi! Are you Xiao Luan'er?"

Feng Xi also greeted with a smile.

The two girls hit it off!

At this time, Qi Yue interjected: "Little Luan'er, we have to keep a low profile this time. Those guys around are not very friendly to us!"

"Why?"

"They seem to look down on us!"

Qi Yue's tone was somewhat resentful.

At the moment, she said what happened before.

After Xiao Luan'er heard it, she lowered her mouth in dissatisfaction.

Qin Feng comforted: "Little guy! Don't worry! Those guys despise me, maybe it's a good thing!"

Xiao Luan'er's mouth was slightly raised: "Dad, I think those guys are inferior. With my father's strength, they are no worse than them."

Feng Xi also said: "My subordinates also spied it out just now. Half of the square is the peak of the sky, 70% is the early stage of the demigod, 20% is the middle stage of the demigod, and half is the peak of the demigod."

"Master's current comprehensive strength should be at the early stage of demigods. Among these, it belongs to the mainstream level, and it is not worse than them at all!"

Xiao Luan'er muttered: "So, those guys are just ignorant."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "The source of all despising is because of strength. Right now, it will take about twenty minutes before the opportunity of the Holy Land opens."

"Instead of wasting time here, it's better to take advantage of this gap to improve some strengths, and you will enter the zero-dimensional space with me."

"Yeah!" Qiyue nodded obediently

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the two of them turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Only Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and a space light spot the size of a soybean were left in the field.

Xiao Luan'er opened his mouth and took a breath, swallowing the space node and hiding it in his body.

For the changes here, no one around pays attention...

After a while, in the zero-degree space, inside the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged.

At this time, Qiyue has already opened the time force field,

Therefore, three hours have passed here, and eighteen minutes have passed outside.

And three hours is enough for him to do a big thing.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and a drop of blood red as jade appeared in his palm.

[Phoenix Blood Essence (High Grade): Quasi-ninth tier, fire attribute. 】

"It's time to break through the bloodline talent to SS level! I don't know how much my strength can increase with this breakthrough?"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, with anticipation in his eyes.

With the improvement of his bloodline talent, the speed at which he refines top-grade blood essence is getting faster and faster.

Three hours was enough for him to refine this drop of high-grade fire-type blood essence.

And he is only one fire attribute away from the SS-level bloodline talent.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a breath and swallowed the drop of Phoenix blood essence...

Boom!

The blood of the phoenix entered his throat, and immediately turned into an incomparably majestic energy, like a tsunami that washed away from his whole body...

[Successful refining a trace of top-grade phoenix blood! Strength +440, Agility +430, Constitution +430, Energy +460! 】

[Successful refining a trace of top-grade phoenix blood! Strength +460, Agility +420, Constitution +440, Energy +460! 】

[Successful refining a trace of top-grade phoenix blood! Strength +450, Agility +460, Constitution +430, Energy +440! 】

...

Boom!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's body roared constantly, and his momentum soared.

In this way, he began to refine the phoenix blood with all his strength, and attacked the SS-level bloodline talent...

At the same time, the Haoyang clan was stationed in Tanggu.

The Mirage Clone has summoned a group of high-level officials such as Granny Fengqi, Elder Qishan, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, Fengying, and Qiyun.

The four avatars are holding a mobilization meeting!

"These maps were obtained from the Yaotian, Xueyue, and Haoyang clans, and there are maps of guardian forces in nearly 100 areas. Next, our goal is to eliminate these areas in the shortest time. guardian force."

The Mirage clone took out a stack of blueprints,

Liu Xuan and others were very excited to hear it.

Feng Qi's mother-in-law also had a happy look in her eyes.

Na Fengying's eyes flashed with excitement.

Their Phoenix clan has been cursed for seven thousand years, and they have been unable to participate in every power struggle for hegemony.

Now, they finally got rid of the curse and became a member of the challenge force.

According to the rules, the challenger kills the guardian force, but can get a lot of attribute points and energy value.

This is a great opportunity for them!

Their family can finally be freed, and they have a chance to rise again.

"Master, in addition to the guardian forces, there must be some challenging forces in these areas. If we encounter a challenging force, what should we do?"

Granny Feng Qi thought of another key question.

The Mirage clone sneered: "It depends on who established those challenging forces. If it was established by the people of Longguo, we can absorb them as the citizens of Longyuan Town. If it was established by Western Baipi and their lackeys. , either kill them all, or take them as slaves!"

Granny Feng Qi suddenly said, "I understand!"

The Mirage clone reminded again: "Mother Fengqi, there is a detail here, you should pay attention to it. Although the Sakurajima and the Bangzi people look very similar to our Dragon Kingdom people, they are both white-eyed wolves. Western lackeys."

"When you see these people, you don't have to be polite to them! Kill what should be killed, and capture what should be captured, and don't show mercy!"

Granny Feng Qi nodded, "I understand!"

The phantom avatar nodded with satisfaction: "Okay! The general arrangement is like this. Everyone, let's prepare! I will strive to expand the number of Longyuan sites to 40 in the shortest time, which is very important to my body. help."

Qin Feng's 2000-star rating has been unlocked, and the next step is to unlock the 5000-star rating.

Breaking the 5000-star unlocking standard means that the number of sites reaches 40!

"I'll wait to understand!"

The high-level enthusiasm is high, and they can't wait for a long time.

At the moment, Liu Xuan and the others agreed to their promises and retired...𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Mirage clone is very satisfied with the response of the high-level officials.

In this way, Longyuan began to move up and down.

It didn't take long for the teleportation formations of Longyuan's major strongholds to light up with white light.

A quarter of an hour later, the three-way army was assembled.