Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this time, Xiao Luan'er suddenly said: "Dad, you can get one point by refining one divine essence. There will be additional rewards for thousands of points. Can you make it into the top 100 this time?"

Before Qin Feng could speak, Feng Xi shook her head with a wry smile: "Yue'er, there are more than 100 people at the peak of the demigods in the arena. If the master wants to enter the top 100, I'm afraid it is unlikely! "

"That's not necessarily true! Sister Feng Xi, just wait and watch the show!"

Qi Yue took over the conversation and smiled mysteriously.

As soon as her voice fell, the sky shook, and the voice of heaven resounded above the square...

[The first round of opportunities is officially opened! 】

[Start timing: 60:00:00…59:59:59….59:59:58….]

Boom!

Suddenly, the sky shook!

hum! hum! hum!

Immediately afterwards, a white beam of light fell on the heads of the players.

Qin Feng looked up and saw a drop of golden droplets, the size of a walnut, slowly falling along the beam of light...

[Sacred Divine Essence: The eighth-order peak level, the treasures of heaven and earth. 】

[Reminder: Refining can be swallowed directly. The stronger the combat power, the faster the refining speed. 】

"It turns out that this is Divine Essence!"

Qin Feng muttered.

Only a moment later, the drop of divine essence came to him.

Qin Feng didn't dare to delay, he opened his mouth to take a breath and swallowed Shen Yuan.

Divine essence entered the throat, and immediately turned into majestic divine power, filling the whole body.

Qin Feng hurriedly closed his eyes, preparing to refine with all his strength...

This first round of Divine Essence Refining is not only a chance for heaven's reward, but also a competition!

He naturally wants to get more points and try to sprint to the top 100.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng will do his best to refine.

hum!

At this moment, an invisible force field emanated from Qi Yue's body, instantly covering a radius of dozens of meters, just covering Qin Feng, Feng Xi, and Xiao Luan'er.

Qin Feng immediately felt that the flow of time around him increased tenfold.

He opened his eyes with joy and cast an approving look at Qiyue.

The little girl also gave him a happy look.

Both were overjoyed.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er were also surprised.

With the help of Qiyue's time force field, it is equal to ten minutes for them to refine, and only one minute for the outside world.

In other words, the chance of this first round is only one hour for other players, but ten hours for them.

Ha ha!

There is this means!

They are destined to make a lot of money!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly closed his eyes and stepped up time to refine.

After all, this is a race against time and time, and he must not waste time!

At the moment, Qin Feng tried his best to refine the divine essence.

There was also a faint golden light on his body...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, seven minutes have passed...

[Congratulations on refining the first 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', +300-star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

It was at this moment that Qin Feng slowed his eyes and his face was full of joy.

Very nice!

A Divine Essence actually made him increase his combat power by 300 stars, and the effect was very good!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the audience.

I saw that everyone was refining the first Divine Essence, and no one had finished refining it.

Even a few super-powerhouses whose combat power reached the peak of the demigods failed to complete the refining.

He was the first to complete the refining!

Thinking about it, he refines a divine essence in seven minutes, which is seven minutes in the time force field.

Only 0.7 minutes have passed in the outside world, not even a minute.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

If this goes on, he will be in the top 100 with points, absolutely no problem.

Even, he is expected to win the first place!

The first place in this first round, the extra reward should not be bad, right?

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more surprised he became, and his heart was hot.

Of course, the credit for all this is due to Qiyue.

Having said that, it is extremely rare in this world to master the talent of time.

It is also a kind of luck that he has a subordinate like Qiyue!

hum!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, a second divine essence descended from the beam of light above his head...

According to the rules, only after refining the first Divine Essence, the second Divine Essence will appear.

Qin Feng didn't dare to waste time, he opened his mouth to take a breath, swallowed the second divine essence, and then continued refining...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, outside the time force field, 87 seconds passed.

At this moment, in the crowd, an old man with white hair and beard opened his eyes with joy.

This old man's name is Taixu Old Ancestor, from the Cangxing Realm, he is a super strong man with a combat power of 870,000 stars.

The combat power of the demigod peak is 600,000 to 800,000 stars.

This old man has 870,000-star combat power, suddenly surpassing the limit of the peak of the demigod, and the combat power is extremely terrifying.

He is also the most powerful person among the players.

At this moment, the ancestor Taixu smiled all over his face.

It only took him 84 seconds to refine the first divine essence.

Converted, not even a minute and a half.

Looking around, no one in the audience can compare with him!

In other words, the first round of points in this first round is none other than him!

Thinking of this, the ancestor Taixu stroked his beard and smiled, feeling proud.

At this moment, there was a movement in a corner of the square.

Ancestor Taixu was alarmed and turned around quickly to see Qin Feng opening his eyes from the meditation, his face full of joy.

Old Ancestor Tai Xu was stunned for a moment!

He almost thought he was dazzled!

isn't it? !

This kid also refined the first Divine Essence?

Isn't he at the prefecture level?

A prefecture-level realm has such a fast refining speed?

how can that be!

But to say that this kid didn't refine the divine essence, then the divine essence golden light on his body has disappeared!

That means that the Divine Essence that was swallowed was completely refined.

Thinking of this, the ancestor Taixu was even more surprised!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

hum!

It was at this moment that the second Divine Essence appeared, and it slowly descended along the beam of light above his head.

Ancestor Taixu quickly retracted his gaze, directly swallowed the second Divine Essence, and quickly closed his eyes to refine it.

Only this time, he was obviously a little anxious, and he went all out.

In his opinion, Qin Feng's refining speed is also extremely fast, which has threatened his first position, so he must speed up,

He didn't know that Qin Feng had already refined the first Divine Essence, and now he was refining the second one, much faster than him!

But it was said that as soon as Qin Feng opened his eyes, Tiandao received a reminder.

[Congratulations on refining the second 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', +300-star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

good!

Another 300-star combat power is in hand!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

It took less than 2 minutes to add up before and after, and he had accumulated 600-star combat power, which was really powerful.

hum!

At this moment, the beam of light trembled, and the third drop of divine essence fell from the sky.

Qin Feng raised his head in joy, opened his mouth and swallowed it.

Afterwards, he closed his eyes and refined it with joy.

Chapter 450 The harvest is amazing! The strength is great!

In the time force field, Qin Feng refining has a divine essence, which takes about 7 minutes.

But from the outside, it took him only forty seconds to refine one, and the efficiency was terrifyingly fast.

Those strong people, absolutely dare not imagine!

However, those powerhouses didn't take Qin Feng seriously, so no one noticed.

Only the old ancestor Taixu has a keen sense of six senses, and found a clue...

However, Old Ancestor Taixu also underestimated Qin Feng.

He thought that Qin Feng's refining speed was only slightly slower than his.

In order not to be caught up by Qin Feng, he blocked his six senses and devoted himself to refining the divine essence.

So far, he has nothing else to focus on and no longer pays attention to Qin Feng.

In this way, Qin Feng refined one by one without any awareness of the powerhouses, very comfortable...

[Congratulations on refining the 3rd 'Holy Land Divine Essence', +300-star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

[Congratulations on refining the 4th 'Holy Land Divine Essence', +300 star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

[Congratulations on refining the 5th 'Holy Land Divine Essence', +300-star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

...