Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

With the continuous progress of refining, Qin Feng's combat power has continued to soar, and his strength has become stronger and stronger...

He was also delighted to find that with the improvement of his combat power, the speed of refining Divine Essence was also quietly accelerating...

This enters a virtuous circle where everything is going in the right direction...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, four minutes passed by the outside world.

In the time force field, forty minutes have passed.

[Congratulations on refining the 6th 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', +300 star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

Qin Feng opened his eyes again with joy.

The sixth one has accumulated 1800 star combat power.

At this moment, Feng Xi also opened her eyes with joy.

She finally refined her first divine essence!

Feng Xi's combat power is at the ninth level of the heaven level, which is slightly weaker than the peak of the heaven level.

And the strength of the peak of the sky, it takes about 30 minutes to refine a Divine Essence.

It would take about 40 minutes for Feng Xi to refine one.

However, under the action of the time force field, she only took 4 minutes from the outside world to refine one.

This efficiency far exceeds the peak of the sky, and has reached the level of the middle stage of the demigod.

The efficiency of the middle stage of the demigod is about 5 minutes.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned to look at the square, and saw that many demigods had not yet refined the first divine essence in the middle stage, and only a few had completed the refining.

Feng Xi's efficiency is considered to be the highest among the mid-stage demigod powerhouses.

This makes Qin Feng very pleased!

At this time, Feng Xi also discovered this, and her beautiful face was full of joy.

Afterwards, the two met and smiled.

hum! hum!

At this moment, a new divine essence came.

The two opened their mouths and took a breath. After swallowing the divine essence, they continued refining...

Now it is a race against time, they dare not slack off...

[Congratulations on refining the 7th 'Holy Land Divine Essence', +300-star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

After a while, Qin Feng refined another one and opened his eyes again...

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er also opened her eyes with a look of joy.

She also refined the first one.

The little guy is now at the initial stage of the ninth level of heaven, and it took less than 5 minutes to refine the first divine essence.

This efficiency has reached the level of the middle stage of the demigod...

Qin Feng sees all this in his eyes and is happy in his heart.

Afterwards, he and Xiao Luan'er continued to refine the divine essence...

After a while, the outside world passed 6 minutes.

Qi Yue also opened her eyes with joy.

She finally finished refining the first divine essence.

Refining a Divine Essence in 6 minutes is equivalent to the mid-stage demigod threshold powerhouse.

However, this is already very good!

You must know that Qiyue's combat power is only the eighth threshold of heaven.

In the first round of opportunities, she was able to get the opportunity of the threshold level of the middle stage of the demigod, which is already an extremely remarkable achievement...

Qin Feng also saw it in his eyes and was happy in his heart.

The stronger Qiyue's strength, the more battle power of the sacrifice of faith, and the greater the help to him...

In this way, the audience is working hard to refine the divine essence and compete for opportunities...

This is a gift from Heaven, and a minute and a second must not be wasted.

Maybe if you miss a second, you will lose a Divine Essence.

For this, any player is unwilling to accept...

Just like that, time passed by!

In a blink of an eye, the first round of the chance competition is coming to an end!

[Congratulations on refining the 93rd 'Holy Land Divine Essence', +300-star combat power, +1 Holy Land Point]

In Qin Feng's mind, Tiandao's reminder came again.

He opened his eyes happily...

Boom!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook!

The ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded again...

【Countdown is over! 】

[The first round of opportunities is over! 】

hum! hum! hum!

There was a clear sound of heaven and earth, and the white beams of light that fell on the heads of everyone disappeared one after another...

Many people have just swallowed the Divine Essence and have not had time to refine it, the Divine Essence will disappear from the body out of thin air.

When the time came, all refining was forcibly terminated.

Even if someone refines 90% and is only one line away from complete refining, they are forced to abort, and it is judged that the refining has failed...

At this moment, the powerhouses opened their eyes one after another, and their faces were filled with joy.

There was a lot of discussion in the crowd.

"It's finally over! The old man is working hard at refining, but I didn't expect it to end like this. To be honest, it's a bit unfinished!"

"Haha! The deity feels the same way! One Divine Essence can increase the combat power of 300 stars, which is really powerful!"

"Yeah! This is a gift from the Holy Land, and it's just an appetizer of the Holy Land opportunity. But even an appetizer, it is something that the outside world can meet but cannot ask for."

"That's true! Speaking of which, how many pellets did my brother refine this time?"

"Not much! Not much! Only 7 pieces!"

"Tsk! Tsk! This is already very powerful! Generally speaking, in the initial stage of demigods, about 6 can be refined within an hour. Brother can refine 7, which means that your combat power is in the early stage of demigods. All are the best!"

"Where! Where! My brother has won the prize! Having said that, the biggest beneficiaries of this opportunity should be those peak demigods."

"Yeah! With their combat power, I'm afraid everyone can refine about 30 pieces. It's enviable just thinking about it!"

As soon as these words fell, the crowd sighed.

"By the way, how about those heavenly powerhouses?"

There are more than half of the players in the field, and there are more than 200 people, and the number is not small.

As soon as these words came out, some people in the crowd laughed.

"As far as the old man knows, most of those heaven-level powerhouses have only refined two, some with extremely poor strength have only refined one, and a few excellent ones have refined three."

"In this way, the worst score in this place is 1 point."

"1 point? My friend, did you forget that there are still four prefecture-level realms? Do you think those four prefecture-level realms are all 0 points?"

With this reminder, the powerhouses seemed to have thought of something, and they all smiled knowingly.

yes!

They almost forgot that there are four prefecture-level realms in this safe area, that is, Qin Feng and the four...

At the same moment, in the corner of the square.

Qin Feng and the four were full of joy.

This time, Qin Feng refined 93 Divine Essences, that is, got 93 points, and the combat power increased by 27,900 stars.

This raised his basic combat power to 257,900 stars in one fell swoop, plus the foundation building power was 267,900 stars.

Now, he doesn't need to use psychic integration, nor does he use the anti-god blade, and his combat power has properly reached the initial stage of demigods.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled and raised his head, looking forward.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

At this moment, Qi Yue has put away the time force field and is chatting excitedly with Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi.

Seeing Qin Feng, Xiao Luan'er said excitedly, "Dad, guess how many Divine Essences I refined this time?"

Qin Feng smiled: "If my expectations are not bad, it should be around 12, right?"

Xiao Luan'er: "Hee hee! Dad, you missed one guess. I refined 13. My current comprehensive combat power has reached 70,000 stars."

Qin Feng praised and smiled: "Not bad! Not bad! Where's Yue'er?"

"Go back to the master, I refined 10, and the combat power has increased to 43,000 stars, which is officially entered the eighth level of heaven."

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "It's also very good!"

These two little girls are so powerful!

Their strength has greatly increased, which is equivalent to making Qin Feng's strength greatly improved.

"Where's Feng Xi?"

Qin Feng looked at Feng Xi again.

Feng Xi's pretty face blushed: "Go back to the master, the subordinate has refined 16 pieces, and now the comprehensive combat power has reached the peak of the ninth level of heaven."

All the way, Xiao Luan'er asked curiously, "Dad, how many have you refined? Are there 40?"

After being asked by her, Feng Xi and Qi Yue also looked at Qin Feng curiously, listing the color of Guan Lu.

yes!

The first chance is over!

This opportunity is both a gift from the Holy Land and a game!

Next, is to look at the Holy Land rankings in the first round.

There are additional rewards for those who enter the top 100 points.

If the master has refined more than 40 divine essences, the possibility of entering the top 100 is extremely high, then there is a chance to obtain additional rewards.

In their hearts, the two women both hope that Qin Feng can enter the top 100.

After all, Qin Feng is their beloved master.

They naturally hope that Qin Feng will get more benefits.

Xiao Luan'er looked even more expectant.

In her mind, Qin Feng is her father and her only relative.

"40?"

Qin Feng smiled.

This little guy underestimates his father!

He has refined 93 pieces!

Qin Feng was about to say 3.6...

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[The rankings of this division will be announced now]