Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In just a few seconds, he killed two giant elephants in a row!

Boom~Long~Long!

It was at this moment that the earth trembled and the heaven and earth roared.

The entire 911 village began to shake violently.

Immediately afterwards, the earth cracked, the stream stopped flowing, and the mountains rose.

A mountain range rises from the ground.

Small rivers appear out of thin air.

Various minerals, forest trees, exotic flowers, exotic grasses, and spiritual fruits have appeared in multiples.

The number of beasts is also multiplying.

The resources of No. 911 Novice Village have doubled again.

Boom~!

In the chat channel, everyone cheered again.

People fell into endless cheers!

On this side, Qin Feng was surrounded by white lights, and giant elephants appeared out of thin air.

In a blink of an eye, the number of giant elephants doubled, that is, there were nine more heads, just to trap Qin Feng.

Qin Feng is both happy and annoyed!

He was happy that he could kill a few more giant elephants and collect more energy.

He was annoyed that after being entangled by these guys, the elephant king had already escaped thousands of miles away.

At the same time, he also found a problem.

The resources of the beasts are doubled, and the number of beasts is only doubled according to the living beasts, and the dead ones are not counted.

In addition, the number of mutants and kings will not change.

damn it!

It seems that it is very difficult for him to kill the elephant king wholeheartedly without completely solving these troublesome guys!

Then get rid of the elephants first!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's figure flashed repeatedly, constantly avoiding the collision attack of the elephant group.

At the same time, he was distracted and turned on the Tiandao light screen to add some points to himself.

The stronger the strength, the faster the speed of killing monsters!

00

[Attribute addition is complete! Your Strength Index increases by 15 points! 】

[Attribute addition is complete! Your Agility Index increases by 20 points! 】

[Attribute addition is complete! Increase your BMI by 20 points! 】

[Attribute addition is complete! Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

In just a moment, the 75 points of free attributes he accumulated were all added up, and his strength skyrocketed!

That feeling of soaring strength!

It's so wonderful!

Ang~!

At this moment, a mammoth guard rushed over.

Qin Feng quickly raised his sword to fight!

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

The fire is soaring!

Click~! Click~! Kacha~!

A few quick bangs!

Qin Feng cut off two ivory with one knife, and Yu Wei slashed on the elephant's head, severing the rock armor, leaving a deep bone-deep wound and blood flowing.

Ang~!

The mammoth guard screamed and was slashed back and forth again and again.

Swish~!

Qin Feng is another dodge, followed by a knife.

puff~!

A crisp sound!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Blood rush!

This time, he slashed into the head of the mammoth guardian.

Ang~Ow~!

The Mammoth Guardian roars miserably!

It staggered a few steps and then fell to the ground!

[Kill the 12th-level Mammoth Guardian (mutation level) successfully and get +1700 energy points. 】

Ha ha!

Cool!

It's cool to have a big increase in strength!

He can easily kill even the Mammoth Guardian now!

[Killing the level 12 mammoth guardian (mutation level) successfully, the bronze treasure chest burst out. 】

Fuck it~!

exploded!

It finally exploded!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

At this moment, the elephant group screamed and slaughtered one by one desperately.

Qin Feng quickly turned around to deal with it, and started killing!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed a level 12 violent mammoth, and a bronze treasure chest burst out! 】

Fuck it~!

exploded!

It exploded again!

An ordinary fierce beast has also burst out of the treasure chest!

That's a lot of luck!

Happy events again and again!

Qin Feng kills even more!

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 violent mammoth and gained +610 energy value. 】

 …

A minute later, six giant elephants fell on the field!

Two minutes later, thirteen heads fell on the field!

Three minutes later, all the giant elephants in the field fell down, leaving only the last mammoth guardian!

puff~!

Another sound of blood cutting!

Blood splashes!

Ang~!

Then there was a shrill scream!

The last mammoth guard also fell!

Boom~!

Its huge body fell heavily to the ground, causing the earth to tremble slightly.

[Kill the 12th-level Mammoth Guardian (mutation level) successfully and get +1700 energy points. 】

Whoo~!

It's finally over!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and couldn't help but look up.

Fuck it~!

The Elephant King is almost gone!

Seeing this, he was anxious.

Afterwards, he quickly picked up the two bronze treasure chests on the ground, and desperately chased and killed the elephant king.

Chapter 59 Killing the Elephant King (8 more)

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's speed was fully opened and turned into a light and shadow.

There was a strong cracking sound in the air.

That elephant king has escaped more than ten miles away!

If it weren't for the grassland, he would not have seen the elephant king.

He must catch up as soon as possible!

Because at the end of this grassland, there are endless mountains.

If the elephant king escaped into the mountains, it would be difficult to find.

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

At this moment, Xiang Wang glanced back.

When it saw Qin Feng chasing after it, it screamed in fright, and ran away in the direction of the mountains.

In this way, one person and one beast launched a life-and-death pursuit on the grassland.

Qin Feng's speed is finally faster, and the distance between the two sides is getting closer and closer...

At the same moment, the chat channel of 911 Village was full of jubilation.

"It's cool! It's so cool! Three times in a row to win! Haha!"