Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

During this period of time, the results of Qiyue's three people also came out.

Qiyue is 10 points, 997th.

Xiao Luan'er is 664th with 13 points.

Feng Xi is 16 points, 331st.

The results of the three girls all reached the mid-level demigod.

In particular, Feng Xi reached 331st place.

It made them happy for a while!

Next, Qin Feng's results have not been announced...

[101st place, Blue Star Realm, Daokong, 34 points]

At this moment, Tiandao announced the 101st place, and there was a commotion in the field.

The 101st place has come out, and the next one will be the top 100 list with rewards.

In the crowd, a middle-aged man with a gloomy temperament looked a little dazed.

Immediately, there was a monstrous anger in his eyes!

damn it!

He actually only got the 101st place, just outside the top 100.

Who was that guy who pushed him out of the top 100?

The man is very angry!

It turned out that he was Dao Kong!

At the same moment, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er also muttered.

"Sister Yue'er, the Dao Kong of the Blue Star Realm should be the Six Dao Patriarch of our competition area!"

"It's him! If he can take the 101st place, he is definitely a peak demigod."

"My God! So powerful! Next, our S-level mission in Longyuan Town needs to destroy the Six Dao Clan. This man is so powerful, can we complete the mission within the specified time?"

"It should be possible! The master is so powerful, there is always hope to defeat him. Besides, we still have nine days!"

The two little girls kept mumbling.

Feng Xi was terrified when she heard this.

The range of combat power of the demigod peak is 600,000 to 800,000 stars.

With the master's current strength, it is absolutely impossible to defeat the pinnacle of demigods!

Not to mention defeating the pinnacle of demigods, even in the middle of demigods.

What is even more frightening is that there are more than 180 demigods in the field.

That 'Daokong' can win the 101st place, shows that in the peak of the demigods, the strength is not weak.

In addition, he still has a divine artifact, which makes him even stronger.

She couldn't imagine how Qin Feng would kill Daokong in the next nine days?

For her, it was an almost impossible task.

In fact, Qin Feng also noticed this information, and could not help but frown slightly, feeling pressure.

He only has nine days for that S-level mission.

There are additional rewards if completed within five days.

But his current strength is a line away from the middle stage of the demigod, let alone compared to the peak of the demigod.

This thought made him even more eager to improve his strength.

Next, what will be the rewards depending on the points ranking?

hum! hum! hum!

At the same time, the announcement of the rankings on the monument continues...

[No. 100, Meteorite Realm, Heavenly Mystery Ancestor, 35 points]

[No. 99, Sui Xingjie, Faun, 35 points]

[No. 98, Tianxingjie, Pluto, 35 points]

…

With the announcement of the top 100, waves of exclamations erupted in the field!

Those who can enter the top 100 are definitely the strongest among the strong, even the strongest in an astral world.

Fengxi's three daughters were also pleasantly surprised!

Because Qin Feng's ranking has never appeared, it means that Qin Feng has entered the top 100...

"Great! Dad, you're in the top 100!"

"Master, when those guys find out that you can make it into the top 100, you will definitely drop your jaw!"

The two little girls were extremely happy, and there was excitement in their voices.

Feng Xi also smiled sweetly, secretly relieved in her heart.

Before, she was worried that her master would not be able to enter the top 100.

Now it seems that she is overthinking it.

Qin Feng turned his head and smiled and said: "Although I entered the top 100 this time, we can't be too happy. We are lucky this time, and Qiyue's means can be effective, so we can get such a result. If we rely on real strength, That's hard to say."

Xiao Luan'er didn't take it seriously: "Dad, luck is also a kind of strength!"

Feng Xi also said: "Master, no matter what means we come from, if we can achieve what we have achieved today, that is a big profit!"

Qin Feng smiled and thought it made sense!

hum! hum! hum!

Next, the stele is still continuously announcing the rankings.

The exclamations in the field are higher than waves!

Qiyue's third daughter also paid close attention to the changes on the stele.

The more they looked, the more frightened, the more joyful they looked.

Because Qin Feng's ranking has not been announced for a long time, it means that Qin Feng's ranking is extremely high!

The higher the ranking, the better the reward!

In a blink of an eye, the ranking was announced to the top three!

At this moment, the atmosphere in the field was even more tense.

The crowd kept mumbling!

"Finally in the top three!"

"Generally speaking, the top three rewards are the best!"

"Yeah! I don't know if those three powerhouses can make it into the top three?"

"Do you still need to guess? It must be the ultimate powerhouse in the peak of the demigod!"

hum!

Only then did the words fall, and the information of the third place emerged...

[3rd place, Titanium Star Realm, Jinshen, 51 points]

"Tsk tsk! 51 points! Breaking 50 points! So strong!"

"Jin Shen? I know this person, his combat power seems to exceed the peak limit of a demigod, reaching 850,000 stars!"

"My God! This Jinshen is so strong!"

"Yeah! Too strong!"

hum!

The stele trembled again, and golden light appeared 450…

[2nd place, Cang Xingjie, Taixu Patriarch, 53 points]

"Wow! The second place has 53 points!"

"Haha! This is the Taixu ancestor of our Cangxing Realm! As far as I know, his combat power has reached 870,000 stars!"

"870,000 stars! Awesome!"

"Everyone, the second and third places are so strong! The first place should be stronger, right?"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Needless to say? It must be stronger!"

hum!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again, and an extremely dazzling golden light appeared in the top row!

The first place is finally announced!

Everyone quickly held their breath and stared at each other, not daring to breathe.

The first one is coming out!

That person should be the strongest in this safe zone!

At this moment, the golden light on the stele faded, and a line of striking information emerged.

[1st place, Blue Star Realm, Qin Feng, 93 points]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the audience was shocked, and everyone was dumbfounded!

The atmosphere in the field became a little quiet in an instant!

93 points!

40 points higher than the second place!

powerful!

It's too strong!

Who is the superpower?

Could this person's strength be comparable to the False God Realm? !

At this moment, everyone took a deep breath, and infinite respect rose in their hearts!

Not to mention them, even the three girls around Qin Feng lost their jaws!

With the continuous announcement of the rankings, they have realized that Qin Feng should be ranked first.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng's score is so terrifyingly high!

At the same moment, those Blue Star Realm players were even more shocked!

This first place is actually from their world!

Somewhat incredible!

In addition, in the crowd, two people were more shocked than the others!

That is Daokong and Luo Tian from the first division.

Qin Feng? !

Could it be the Qin Feng from their division?

The two look at each other!

There was suspicion in his eyes.

Unfortunately, they only know Qin Feng's name, not Qin Feng's people.

At the moment, the two looked at the crowd tacitly, as if trying to find out who was Qin Feng