Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Soon, the eyes of the two fell on Qin Feng one after another, but they quickly moved away.

They don't believe that this kid at the earth level will be the first Qin Feng!

"My God! The first place got 93 points! This Qin Feng is so strong!"

"Yeah! It's too strong! I don't know which one is Qin Feng?"

At this time, there were some mutterings in the crowd.

Everyone recovered from the shock!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook, and the voice of heaven resounded again.

[The ranking of points has been announced! 】

[Next, start issuing additional rewards for the top 100! 】

[Reminder: The higher the ranking, the richer the reward! 】

Chapter 452 Rich rewards! Ninth-order Divine Pill!

boom!

As soon as the reward news came out, the audience was in a commotion again.

"We're going to give out additional rewards!"

"Yeah! I don't know what the extra reward this time is?"

"Hey! No matter how good the reward is, it has nothing to do with me, we only have envy!"

"In fact, let's not talk about us. Many peak demigods are only envious. Those who can enter the top 100 are all the best in the peak demigods!"

"When you say that, the old man is even more curious, what is the extra reward?"

At this moment, everyone was amazed.

There is curiosity, envy, and even sourness in the tone...

In the corner, the three girls of Qiyue also recovered from the shock.

The next second, the three girls were ecstatic!

I saw Xiao Luan'er excitedly said: "Wow! Dad, you are amazing! You got such a high score!"

Qiyue also blushed with a smile: "Hee hee! Master, the points in this holy place are extremely precious. Tiandao once reminded that points are of great help in obtaining subsequent opportunities."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I can get so many points! Yue'er is the first! Without Yue'er's help, I can only get 9 points."

As soon as these words fell, Feng Xi sighed: "Master, 9 points is the threshold level for a mid-stage demigod. With your current strength, you can get 9 points, which is enough to shock the world!"

"As for our record this time, it is naturally due to Sister Yue'er. This is also considered our luck! After all, luck is also a kind of strength!"

Xiao Luan'er also said: "That's right! Dad, we are here to compete for opportunities, not to play fair games. As long as we can get more opportunities, we don't care what means we use!"

Qin Feng smiled and fondly touched the little guy's head.

"Little guy, you still have a thorough understanding! That's right, our purpose here is to earn more opportunities. As long as we can earn more, we can use any means!"

Having said that, Qin Feng is also grateful.

He didn't expect that Qi Yue's time ability could play such a big role here, allowing him to gain huge benefits.

Having said that, time abilities are rare and varied.

And people who master the time force field are even rarer.

Qiyue played a huge role in him and was indispensable.

Boom!

Just then, the sky shook again!

[The 11th to the 100th place will be rewarded with ten 'Holy Land Divine Essence'. 】

hum! hum! hum!

As soon as the reward was announced, ninety beams of light descended from the sky, landing on the ninety contestants in the crowd...

Everyone looked at the ninety people, and saw that they were all imposing, all of them were peak demigods.

In the next second, there was a sigh of exclamation from the crowd.

"It turns out that these powerhouses are the 11th to the 100th!"

"Yeah! Their momentum is so strong!"

"Of course! If you can enter the top 100, how can there be weak people!"

"Yes! These are real masters!"

Everyone was amazed!

The ninety strong men all looked up at the sky expectantly, with a proud look on their brows.

It is a supreme honor to be able to squeeze into the top 100 among so many strong people!

hum! hum! hum!

At this moment, ten Divine Essences appeared in each beam of light, all of them shone with golden light, and slowly fell along the beam of light!

Ten Holy Land Divine Essence!

That's a 3000-star combat power!

Everyone around is envious!

After a while, the ninety strong men received their rewards under the envious gaze of everyone...

[The 4th to 10th place will be rewarded with 20 ‘Holy Land Divine Essence’. 】

At this time, Tiandao announced the second round of rewards!

Immediately afterwards, seven beams of light descended one after another and fell on the seven superpowers.

"These seven people are the powerhouses from the fourth to the tenth place!"

"Yeah! Everyone, have you found it? The seven of them have reached the limit of the peak of demigods!"

"Huh! That's true!"

"Tsk tsk! As expected of the top ten powerhouses!"

As soon as these words fell, twenty Divine Essences each fell from the sky and fell in front of the seven people.

The seven looked arrogant, and they all went to collect the reward proudly!

Everyone was envious, and some even drooled with envy.

You must know that players below the peak of the demigods accounted for more than 95% of the audience.

In the previous opportunity competition, many of these people worked hard, and none of them could get 20 Divine Essence.

Most of them only got five or six, and some only got one.

Right now, when they saw the way of heaven, they rewarded the seven people with 20 more, and they were naturally envious...

Soon, the seven powerhouses have collected their rewards!

[The third place will be rewarded with thirty pieces of ‘Holy Land Divine Essence’. 】

hum!

A beam of light descended from the sky and fell to the northeast corner of the square.

Everyone looked around and saw the beam of light falling on a man in white.

The man's temperament is elegant and his expression is dignified, which is extraordinary at first glance.

The beam of light fell on him, his expression was calm, and he raised his head slightly to look at the sky...

In the next second, thirty Divine Essences slowly fell along the beam of light.

At this moment, everyone knew that this man in white was the third place—Jin Shen!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"It turns out that he is Jin Shen!"

"It's so graceful!"

"Yeah! How can the Titanium Star Realm produce such superpowers!"

At this moment, everyone looked at the man in white silently, their eyes full of awe.

In this world of slaughtering the heavens, the stronger the strength, the more respected people will be.

After a while, Jin Shen received the reward.

[The second place will be rewarded with forty pieces of ‘Holy Land Divine Essence’ and one piece of ‘Sacred Soul Pill’. 】

hum!

Another beam of light fell!

This time, it fell to the southwest corner of the square, on a white-haired old man.

At this moment, everyone knows that this white-haired old man is the Taixu Patriarch!

Suddenly, everyone looked at the old man with awe.

Soon, forty Divine Essences and a Purple Divine Pill fell down the beam of light to the ancestor Taixu...

This time, in addition to the Divine Essence, there is actually a Divine Soul Pill.

Obviously, that purple divine pill is the divine soul pill!

Everyone was curious and looked at the Soul Pill.

In the corner, Qin Feng's heart moved, and he immediately peeped at the soul pill...

[Soul Pill: Ninth-Order Low Grade Spirit Pill]

[Reminder: Refining this pill can greatly strengthen the soul body, and the effect is more than ten times that of high-level soul essence pills. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up, and he was pleasantly surprised.

He now lacks treasures to enhance the strength of his soul body!

If he could refine a Divine Soul Pill, he would definitely be able to break through the soul body to the demigod level in one fell swoop.

At that time, he can refine the 'Heaven Soul Fruit', awaken the eighth sense, and also obtain the SS-level talent 'Reincarnation of Life and Death'.

Even better, he can transform Feng Xi into a 'death messenger', making it a great help for him!

In short, Divine Soul Pill was very helpful to him.

As long as one piece is needed, his overall strength will be greatly improved!

"Second place has a Divine Soul Pill reward, and I should have the first place too!"

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more his heart became hotter.

At this moment, he is even more looking forward to the next reward.

At the same moment, there was also a sound of exclamation in the field.

"Everyone, do you see it? That purple divine pill is the divine soul pill, and that is the ninth-order divine pill. The value of one is comparable to ten divine essences!"

"Tsk tsk! The reward for the second place is really generous! Not only does it reward forty divine essence, but also a ninth-order divine pill, which is really enviable!"

"Yeah! The second place is different, the reward is much richer than the third place. Having said that, only a strong person like Taixu ancestor is qualified to receive such a reward!"

"By the way, the second place is so rich, what do you think the first place will reward?"

"I don't know! Having said that, who is the first Qin Feng?"

"I really don't know that!"

"Don't worry, everyone, we will soon know who Qin Feng is!"

"Needless to say! He must also be a peerless powerhouse!"

The crowd kept muttering, curious about the first place.

It was at this moment that Taixu ancestor received the reward!

Everyone knows that the reward for the first place will be announced soon.