Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Suddenly, everyone was quiet and listened curiously.

In the corner, Qin Feng also took a deep breath nervously.

What he cares most about is, is there any Divine Soul Pill among his rewards?

That effect on him is great!

Boom!

At this moment, the sky shook, and the voice of Heavenly Dao slowly sounded.

Everyone couldn't help but hold their breath and listen carefully...

[The first place will be rewarded with fifty 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', two 'Soul Soul Pills', and one Divine Marrow Pill! 】

As soon as the news came out, Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised.

Ha ha!

The Soul Pill he wanted really had, but it was still two.

This time, his soul body will definitely break through, and his strength will skyrocket soon...

At the same time, the audience was in an uproar!

The reward for the first place is too powerful!

There are not only fifty Divine Essences, two extremely precious Divine Soul Pills, but also a mysterious Divine Marrow Pill...

"God! The reward for the first place is too generous!"

"Yeah! If you want me to see, the combined rewards for the second and third places are not as good as the first place!"

"Envy! I'm so envious!"

"Qin Feng?! Who is Qin Feng!"

hum!

Right at this moment, there was another chirping of the heavens!

A beam of light appeared out of thin air and fell towards a remote corner of the square...

The beam of light appeared!

Everyone will soon know who Qin Feng is!

Everyone was excited, and they all looked in the direction where the beam of light fell...

In the blink of an eye, the dazzling and sacred beam of light fell on a handsome and noble young man.

This young man is naturally Qin Feng!

Boom!

At this moment, everyone was shocked, as if they were hit by five thunders!

One by one, their eyes widened in disbelief, completely dumbfounded!

No way?

This kid in the prefecture-level realm is the first Qin Feng? !

how can that be!

Did God make a mistake?

At this moment, 10,000 grass and mud horses ran through everyone's heart!

How can they accept such absurd results? !

Chapter 453 Soul Body Demigod Realm! The strength is great!

In the next second, the audience was in an uproar!

"Is the old man dazzled? He is Qin Feng!"

"It should be! The reward beam falls on him!"

"How is this possible?! A prefecture-level realm actually won the first place, or the first place with 93 points, which is 40 points higher than the second place! How is this possible?!"

"Yeah! The deity also thinks it's impossible! Did the way of heaven make a mistake?"

"This is unlikely! Heaven is omnipotent, and it can never go wrong!"

"Then how did this earth-level kid get the first place? Do you think he will be stronger than the peak of the demigods? Not to mention the peak of the demigods, just like me and the powerhouses in the early stages of the demigods, I can crush him with a single finger!"

"That's right! There must be ghosts in here!"

"Did he cheat?"

"Hey! It makes sense! Even if there is no cheating, it was only through a shameful method that it took the first place by chance!"

"Brother is so right! If this kid hadn't used some means, he would never have won the first place!"

"Damn it! I waited so hard to get the chance, but someone took the first place by accident. It's so irritating!"

"Yeah! This kid doesn't deserve to be the first!"

"That's right! How qualified is an ant at the prefecture-level realm to overwhelm all of us and get the first place?"

"Hey! What's the use of me waiting to be angry?! All fighting and looting are prohibited in this safe zone. We can only watch helplessly as he gets a reward!"

The voices of the strong men were sour, full of infinite jealousy and resentment.

Even some strong people have killed Qin Feng.

In their opinion, a kid at the prefecture-level realm won the first place, which is equivalent to violating their interests.

Even if they can't get that benefit, they don't want to see that benefit fall into the hands of a prefecture-level kid.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

To put it bluntly, they are just unbalanced in their hearts!

It is unacceptable for a person, and a person who is despised by himself suddenly surpasses himself.

That feeling of being overtaken can easily arouse people's jealousy, slander, abuse, and even hatred.

In the corner, Qin Feng had a panoramic view of the ugly faces of these people and sneered in his heart.

For such a scene, he had expected it!

Just like on Blue Star, those white-skinned people can't accept the rise and overtake of the people of Longguo, is there less slander and slander?

Having said that, there is a large part of the reason why these people behave like this with a score of 953, that is, the dog's eyes are low, and he thinks that Qin Feng is just an ordinary prefecture-level realm.

If they knew that Qin Feng's real combat power was approaching the middle stage of demigods, their thoughts would change greatly.

Especially the powerhouses below the initial stage of demigods would not dare to talk nonsense.

To put it bluntly, all of this is still based on strength!

hum!

At this moment, the sky shook!

Above the beam of light, fifty Holy Land Divine Essences emerged, as well as two purple divine pills and one white divine pill, slowly falling along the beam of light...

"Look! The reward has appeared!"

Everyone raised their heads and looked at the rewards...

"Tsk tsk! The reward for the first place is really generous!"

"Yeah! It's a pity! These rewards fell into the hands of a prefecture-level kid, what a waste!"

"Hey! How can an earth-level boy, He De He Neng, have such a good reward? If it weren't for the limitation of heaven, this old man would have come up with this...hey!"

"Brother, don't worry! If you can't make a move now, it doesn't mean you won't be able to make a move next. After all, this is only the first round of opportunities, it's just an appetizer. Tiandao didn't say that, the next few rounds of opportunities are not allowed to shoot. "

"Yes! Why didn't the old man think of this?"

"Hey! Brother, I'll make this kid proud for a while. He has a chance to get a chance, and whether he can take it out with his life, that's a matter for two people to talk about!"

"Makes sense!"

At this moment, many people's eyes were shining, and looking at Qin Feng's eyes, they all showed greed...

In fact, the voices of those people were very low, but Qin Feng's hearing was amazing, and he could hear it clearly.

He sneered inwardly.

After a while, the reward came in front of you.

Then, under the envy and jealousy of everyone, he put away fifty Divine Essence and two Divine Soul Pills.

Finally, his eyes fell on the white magic pill.

[Spiritual Essence Pill: Ninth-Order Middle Grade Spirit Pill]

[Reminder: After refining, the power of blood marrow can be greatly strengthened, so as to more effectively stimulate the power of blood, and extend the powerful blood-forming ability, as well as the power of refining blood. 】

[Reminder: This pill is more effective for bloodline talents! 】

After reading this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was pleasantly surprised.

He is a bloodline talent!

This Divine Marrow Pill is simply tailor-made for him!

What's even better is that it is actually a ninth-rank middle-grade elixir, the value can be imagined, and its effect must be excellent!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the Divine Marrow Pill with satisfaction...

Seeing this scene, everyone around swallowed their saliva, full of envy and jealousy!

A ninth-rank mid-grade elixir!

Even a peak demigod powerhouse is extremely difficult to get one!

This made them even more murderous towards Qin Feng!

Among the crowd, 'Daokong' and 'Luo Tian' had the strongest killing intent towards Qin Feng.

Others don't know Qin Feng's details, they are.

Because they and Qin Feng are both from the first division of the Blue Star Realm!

This made the two of them even more urgent, wanting to kill Qin Feng so as to avoid future troubles.

What's more, Qin Feng is still a challenger and is naturally hostile to them!

Therefore, the killing intent of the two of them is heavier!

Especially that Dao Kong, his heart is full of resentment.

"It's this **** little thief! Squeeze me out of the top 100! This time, this deity will definitely kill you! Even if you are lucky enough to get out of the Holy Land alive, the deity will find a way to destroy you when he returns to the competition area!"

Dao Kong muttered in his heart!

It is not the first time that Qin Feng has robbed him of his interests.

In the first knockout round of the division, the first place in personal points was always his, but this time it was snatched by Qin Feng.

He didn't expect that when he entered this holy place, he was squeezed out of the top 100 by Qin Feng, just stuck in the 101st place, which made him miss the opportunity.

Thinking of this, he was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood!

Unconsciously, Daokong's hatred for Qin Feng reached the extreme, as if he had forged a deadly vengeance!

Boom!

At this moment, the sky shook, and the ethereal voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again!

[This ranking reward has been distributed! 】

[Ten minutes later, the second round of chance competition will start, please rest for a while...]

As soon as this prompt came out, there was another commotion in the field.

"This first round is finally over! In ten minutes, it will be the second round of opportunities."

"Haha! The first round is just an appetizer, and the second round will be even richer!"

"Yeah! That second round of opportunities is really exciting!"

At this moment, the powerhouses were constantly muttering and looking forward to the next opportunity...