Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, Qin Feng had collected all the rewards.

Feng Xi hurriedly approached and said in a low voice, "Master, your high-profile reward this time has aroused the wolf-hearted ambitions of many people! You must be extremely careful on your next trip to the Holy Land."

Feng Xi's tone was full of worry.

As Qin Feng's servant, she has long regarded Qin Feng as her everything, and naturally she does not want Qin Feng to have an accident.

Qi Yue also said: "Master, I just found out that there are some things wrong with the eyes of many guys looking at you!"

"Dad, those guys are so nasty!!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Yes! If the next opportunity can only be obtained by leaving this safe area, it will be a little troublesome, and it is inevitable to do it."

Feng Xi is anxious: "Master, if this is the case, it will be detrimental to our trip to the Holy Land."

Qin Feng nodded: "It's true! To put it bluntly, I'll wait for my lack of strength to be so constrained. If my strength is stronger, it will be more beneficial."

"By the way, I just got some rewards, which just happened to improve my strength. Yue'er, follow me into the zero-dimensional space."

"Um!"

All the way, Qin Feng and Qiyue turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

"Hey! Look! Why is that Qin Feng gone?"

"Yes! And the little girl beside him is gone!"

Today, Qin Feng has become the focus of attention, and naturally someone is spying on his every move.

Qin Feng and Qiyue entered the zero-dimensional space, but the space node was hidden in Xiao Luan'er's body, and those people naturally couldn't see any clues, which would inevitably cause some surprises.

But then, some sneers came to mind from the crowd.

"Haha! Don't make a fuss! That kid should have used space secret techniques!"

"That's right! Although spatial talent is rare, it can't make waves in the earth-level realm."

"Yeah! Just wait! Wait for the second round of opportunities to start, and see how this kid can jump around?"

In the crowd, some people's voices were not good.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er see all this here.

They were annoyed and worried.

At this moment, they realized what it means to be innocent and guilty.

Judging from the current situation, it is not good for them!

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, he sat cross-legged.

Then, when he turned his palm over, there was an extra purple magic pill in his palm.

[Soul Pill: Ninth-order low-grade spirit pill! 】

"The ninth-rank low-grade elixir! Refining this elixir should allow my soul to break through, right?"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and looked a little excited.

His soul-body breakthrough is just a line away, and he has never encountered an opportunity.

Now, he finally got the chance.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

correct!

Ten minutes later, the second round of opportunity was about to open, and he had to quickly refine this divine pill.

With this in mind, Qin Feng did not dare to waste time

call out!

He opened his mouth to inhale and swallowed the soul pill.

Divine Pill entered his throat, immediately turned into a monstrous soul energy, and rushed directly into his sea of ​​consciousness

Boom!

Suddenly, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness, the sky and the earth shook, and the sea of ​​consciousness was tumbling!

Countless soul energy, madly poured into his soul

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, your soul body strength has been greatly improved, and the combat power has increased by 101 stars]

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, your soul body strength has been greatly improved, and the combat power has increased by 103 stars]

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, your soul body strength has been greatly improved, and the combat power has increased by 102 stars]

At this moment, Qin Feng's spirit body momentum continued to soar!

His combat power is also constantly improving!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

What he needs most now is this crazy increase in strength!

This ninth-rank low-grade Divine Soul Pill is unusual!

Right now, he closed his eyes and started refining the Soul Pill with all his strength...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, 9 minutes passed by the outside world, and there was only one minute left before the second round of opportunities opened...

9 minutes outside, one and a half hours in zero-degree space!

Right now, inside the secret room.

hum!

Suddenly, there was a clear sound in Qin Feng's body!

Afterwards, his whole body lit up with purple light, radiating thousands of feet, one after another, and the momentum was astonishing!

In the next second, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in his mind.

[Refining Divine Soul Pill is complete! Congratulations, your soul body has been upgraded to the initial level of the demigod realm! 】

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! Your basic combat power is increased to 281,000 stars]

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! The range of the eighth-order skill 'Spiritual Consciousness' is extended to a radius of 1000 miles. 】

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! The power of your 'Soul Destruction Eye' will be greatly improved, and it will be promoted to the ninth-order skill level. 】

After a while, all the visions dissipated!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his eyes were full of ecstasy!

He finally broke through the soul body to the demigod level, and the basic combat power also reached 281,000 stars in one fell swoop.

Even the 'Soul Destruction Eye' has also advanced to a ninth-order skill!

Ninth-order skills!

Often related to SS-level talent, it is extremely powerful!

This makes Qin Feng's comprehensive strength a lot higher!

Having said that, his basic combat power reached 281,000 stars, plus the power of foundation building, psychic integration, and God-defying blade, roughly calculated, he has about 405,000 stars.

This has properly reached the mid-level of a demigod, not just approaching.

You must know that among the players, if the combat power reaches the middle stage of the demigod, it means stepping into the ranks of superior combat power.

In other words, Qin Feng finally stepped into this ranks!

In the next chance competition, he will not perform too badly!

However, he has obtained too many treasures and has not fully digested them.

If all are digested, the strength will be greatly improved.

"Next, it's time for me to refine the heavenly soul fruit to awaken the eighth sense, and get the SS-level reincarnation of life and death as soon as possible. In that case, I can recruit Feng Xi as a 'death messenger'"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

It was at this moment that Xiao Luan's voice transmission came.

"Dad, the second round is about to start, you have to get out of the customs quickly!"

"so fast!"

Qin Feng was a little unfinished.

He really wants to refine the Heavenly Soul Fruit again, but time doesn't allow it!

After all, the opportunity outside is more important and must not be missed.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng just dodged and disappeared out of thin air.

Chapter 454 Challenge the temple and take the lead!

At this moment, the safe area, above the square.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er were waiting anxiously.

Those powerhouses also finished meditating, all eagerly waiting for the start of the second round of opportunities.

Counting the time, it was only thirty seconds before the rest was over.

The chance of this holy land is awarded in the form of a competition, and time is against the clock.

If you miss the time, you will lose a lot!

"Luan'er, isn't the master out yet?"

Feng Xi's eyebrows were a little anxious.

She was afraid that the master would miss the opportunity.

"I have already sent my father a voice transmission, he should come out soon!"

The words just fell, and white light flashed next to the two of them.

Qin Feng and Qiyue appeared at the same time.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When the two girls saw Qin Feng, they were overjoyed.

Qin Feng came out too timely!

"Master, have you broken through your soul?"

Feng Xi looked concerned.

She can't wait to become Qin Feng's "death messenger", and her relationship with Qin Feng can be closer.

In that way, she can sacrifice half of her combat power to Qin Feng, and she can really help Qin Feng.

Qin Feng nodded: "The soul body has broken through! However, I haven't awakened the eighth sense, and I still can't get the SS-level reincarnation of life and death, and I can't condense the **** of death for the time being. However, I have the heavenly soul fruit in my hand, and I have awakened the eighth sense. It's just a matter of time."

"Oh! That's a pity! If you have enough time, you will be able to awaken your eighth sense in one fell swoop, and your strength will skyrocket again. I can help you too."

Feng Xi was a little emotional.

Now, what the master lacks is time.

As long as the master is given some free time, the master can make great progress again immediately.

Qin Feng smiled: "No hurry! There will always be time! When the second round of opportunities ends, there should be time to rest."

Hearing this, Feng Xi smiled helplessly.

In her heart, she was full of expectations for her master's future.

The master has all the resources ready, and the next step will be to accumulate a lot and soar into the sky.

At the same time, the appearance of Qin Feng and Qi Yue also caused some commotion in the field.

"Look! Qin Feng has appeared!"

"Haha! This kid is finally willing to come out! It seems that he doesn't want to lose the first chance in the second round of opportunities!"