Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! Just based on his strength, it doesn't matter if you take the lead or not!"

"That's right! This kid got the first place by cheating in the first round. In this second round, does the deity believe that he still has cheating methods?!"

"Maybe, the chance reward he got in the first round will also be spit out in the second round!"

As soon as these words fell, several strong men showed knowing smiles.

Obviously, they want to play a trick on Qin Feng

Boom!

At this moment, the sky suddenly shook.

Everyone immediately stopped talking and looked up at the sky excitedly

They know that Tiandao is about to announce a new opportunity.

In the corner, Qin Feng also looked up at the sky.

At this moment, he was full of expectations and a little nervous.

He also doesn't know if the rules of this second chance will be detrimental to him?

At this time, the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded in the sky above the square...

[The second round of opportunities is officially opened! 】

[The second round of opportunities is the 'challenge reward' opportunity. 】Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

[Rule: Players of the same realm will be randomly assigned to the same challenge temple to kill the 'Spirit of the Holy Land' in the same realm]

[Rule: Do your best to kill more 'Spirit of the Holy Land', the more you kill, the more points and rewards you will get. 】

[Rules: The number of players who challenge the temple will not exceed ten. 】

[Rule: Players who have more than 10 points in this round can freely choose to go to a higher level of challenge temple. 】

[Rule: Killing the 'Spirit of the Holy Land' in the same realm can get 1 point. Killing the 'Spirit of the Holy Land' that is one realm higher will get 2 points, killing the 'Spirit of the Holy Land' two realms higher will get 3 points, and so on]

[Rule: This game will list the points ranking according to the number of points in this round. There will be additional rewards for entering the top 100. 】

[Rule: If a player is killed by the Holy Land Spirit, he will be resurrected in the safe area, but he cannot continue to participate in the challenge and will be deducted 5 points as a punishment. 】

[Rules: Players are allowed to kill each other in this game. The slain will be revived in the safe zone, but will drop three random items. 】

[Rule: Kill 10 'Sacred Land Spirits' in the prefecture-level realm to get 1 Holy Land Divine Essence. Kill 5 "Sacred Land Spirits" in the Heavenly Realm to get 1 Divine Essence. 】

[Rules: Kill 1 Holy Land Spirit in the early stage of demigods, you can get 1 Divine Essence, kill 1 Holy Land Spirit in the middle stage of demigods, you can get 2 Divine Essence, kill 1 Demigod Peak, you can get 1 Divine Essence Get 3 Divine Essence]

[Rules: The time limit for this round of opportunities is 3 hours. 】

[Reminder: All players, please be prepared, and open the ‘challenge opportunity’ in three minutes]

boom!

As soon as the news was announced, there was a commotion!

The strong men discussed excitedly again.

"It seems that the second round of the test is combat ability!"

"Yeah! The stronger the fighting ability, the faster the speed of killing the Spirit of the Holy Land!"

"It should be said that this assessment is a great benefit for those who can challenge the challenge!"

"Yeah! The higher the level, the more points you get!"

"Not exactly! Although the higher-level people earn more points, they don't necessarily earn as much divine energy. If you want to get more divine energy, you have to kill the higher-level 'Spirit of the Holy Land'!"

At this moment, there was a lot of discussion in the field.

In the corner, Qin Feng and Feng Xi's three daughters were ecstatic.

This rule of chance is too favorable for them!

Isn't it their forte that the challenge of leaps and bounds is their strength!

Especially for Qin Feng, how many ranks can he even get better!

"Master, this rule of chance is very beneficial to you!"

Qi Yue's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

The girl's tone was full of excitement and excitement.

Xiao Luan'er also said happily: "Dad, with your ability, it is not difficult to enter the top 100 only by challenging yourself. You may even have a chance to enter the top three."

Qin Feng nodded: "Yeah! This rule of chance is beneficial to the four of us. The only regret is that killing the spirit of the Holy Land with a lower level will result in less Divine Essence."

Feng Xi smiled and said, "Master, that's not necessarily true. If you get the first place in this round, the ranking reward you will get will be even more generous."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he thought to himself that this was the case.

The value of ranking rewards is really amazing!

This thought made him look forward to it even more.

At this time, many people looked at Qin Feng's side, and their eyes were a little bad.

There were some unwilling complaints in the crowd.

"Damn it! It seems that the second round of opportunity, the high-level can't enter the low-level challenge temple. I want to kill that kid, there is no chance!"

"Yeah! What a pity! According to the rules of heaven, if you are killed once, you will drop three treasures. That kid just got a lot of treasures, and killing him will definitely drop them."

"Unfortunately! He is going to challenge the temple at the prefecture level, and I have no chance to kill him!"

"Yeah! It's a pity! It would be great if that kid could come to our demigod early stage to challenge the temple. This deity wants to destroy him once!"

"Hey! Maybe that kid will really come!"

"What a joke! He's just a prefecture-level realm! Do you think he has the ability to cross two levels in a row and enter the challenge temple of our initial demigod?"

"That's right! Hey! That's a pity, and let this kid escape again!"

At this moment, many people secretly sighed.

Their whispers were small, but Qin Feng could hear them clearly.

Hearing those words, Qin Feng sneered in his heart!

In this second round of chances, in order to get higher points, he was destined to kill some early stage demigod players.

The funny thing is, these guys feel that it is Qin Feng's luck not to go to them...

Boom!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the sky shook, and the voice of heaven resounded over the square...

[The second round of opportunities is officially opened! 】

[Start timing: 00:00:0000:00:0100:00:02]

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, the players turned into white lights and disappeared in the square.

Qin Feng felt that the sky was spinning for a while, and the white light all over his body was spinning at a high speed!

He is being forcibly sent away by a force of heaven and earth

After a while, he put his feet firmly on his feet, and the reminder of the heavenly way sounded in his ears.

[Reminder: You have entered the Challenge Temple No. 1 in the 'Earth-level Realm Zone'. 】

As soon as the prompt ended, the white light around Qin Feng dissipated.

At this time, he found that he was in a huge closed palace.

I saw that there were jade walls as high as ten thousand feet all around, and the ground was a bluestone floor, which was magnificent and majestic.

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue were by his side.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When the three women saw Qin Feng, they were all pleasantly surprised.

Xiao Luan'er said happily: "Dad! The four of us were indeed assigned to the same challenge temple."

Qi Yue covered her mouth and smiled and said, "In the entire competition area, the four of us are in the prefecture-level realm. I think it is a little difficult not to be assigned to the same competition area."

Feng Xi thought about it: "Master, what should we do next?"

Qin Feng pondered for a while and said: "I have an idea, the four of us will advance and retreat together. When we all get 10 points, we will go to a higher level to challenge the temple."

Feng Xi hesitated: "Master, if you want to do this, it will delay the speed and harvest of your points! With the strength of the three of us, we can stay in the prefecture-level realm area. You can go to the early demigod area and gain will be bigger."

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "I also think that it is most beneficial for me to go to the initial stage of the demigod. With my current comprehensive strength, it is not so neat to kill the spirit of the Holy Land in the early stage of the demigod."

"If you three help, then I will kill faster. More importantly. Qiyue's time force field can also be used to challenge the temple in the early stage of the demigod."

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Yes! Master, Qiyue's time force field is too useful to you. The speed of space and time is ten times faster. It would take you 10 minutes to kill a demigod in the early stage, but to the outside world, , you only spent 1 point!"

Xiao Luan'er suddenly said: "Yes! Dad, in this way, your points and gains will skyrocket again!"

Qin Feng smiled: "These are my preliminary ideas. Whether it can be successful or not is unknown."

As soon as these words fell, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded above the temple.

[Reminder: In the challenge temple, five 'Spirit of the Holy Land' will be refreshed at one time, and the second batch of 'Spirit of the Holy Land' will be refreshed only when all of them are killed. 】

"Dad! The monster is coming out!"

Xiao Luan'er was a little nervous and looking forward to it.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Only 5 players are refreshed at a time, but there are ten players in a challenge temple, which is obviously not enough! Tiandao deliberately let those players compete with each other!"

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Hey! It's really like this!"

Just after these words fell, the space in front of them was distorted, and five huge figures appeared.

Qin Feng quickly looked up.

I saw the five figures, the snake-headed body, covered with blue scales, ten feet tall, covered in black smoke, and full of evil spirits.

The aura emanating from his body has reached the pinnacle level of the prefecture level.

[Evil Object]: Snake Spirit (Spirit of Holy Land)

[Boundary]: Earth-level boundary

[Level]: Level 43

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

【Origin】: The evil spirit who guards the Holy Land.

These are the spirits of the Holy Land!

hiss! hiss! hiss!

At this moment, the five snake spirits swallowed the snake letter, and the vertical snake eyes looked at Qin Feng and the four people very badly.

Qin Feng smiled coldly and shot five lightsabers at will.

boom! boom! boom!

Five bursts in a row!

The five snake spirits were instantly bombarded, turning into a black fog, and the sky dissipated.

Immediately afterwards, five white lights flew out of the black mist and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[You successfully killed the snake spirit, and you will get +5 million energy points, +1 million judgment points, and +1 Holy Land point. 】

[You successfully killed the snake spirit, and you will get +5 million energy points, +1 million judgment points, and +1 Holy Land point. 】

[You successfully killed the snake spirit, and you will get +5 million energy points, +1 million judgment points, and +1 Holy Land point. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Killing these snake spirits actually still has a trial value, what a surprise!

He is looking forward to the next challenge.