Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It didn't take long for the space ahead to change again, and five more snake spirits appeared out of thin air.

Qin Feng shot again, the lightsaber shot out, and once again killed the five snake spirits

Five rays of white light poured into his body continuously

In such a short time, his Holy Land points in this round skyrocketed to 10 points, and his trial value also earned 10 million points.

This is very impressive!

The only pity is that I didn't earn Holy Land Divine Essence.

This goes against Qin Feng's original intention.

He came to the Holy Land to gain more opportunities.

Therefore, he desperately wanted to leave the challenge temple in the prefecture-level realm, and wanted to go to the challenge temple in the early stage of demigods.

In that temple, if you kill a Holy Land Spirit, you can get a Divine Essence.

Not only can you earn Divine Yuan, but you can also get points, and the two are not wrong.

It was at this moment that Tiandao passed a reminder.

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, you killed 10 snake spirits and got 1 divine essence reward]

hum!

As the prompt sounded, a beam of light descended from the sky, and a divine essence slowly fell.

Qin Feng put away the Shen Yuan with satisfaction.

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, you have gained 10 points at the prefecture level. You now have the right to enter the challenge temple in the heavenly realm]

[Reminder: There are 22 challenge temples in the realm of heaven, you can choose one of them, please choose]

At this moment, an operation interface appeared in Qin Feng's mind, with options from 1 to 22.

Seeing this, Qin Feng laughed!

He can finally leave here and go to a higher realm to earn more Divine Essence and points.

At the moment, he turned to look at Feng Xi's three daughters.

"I'm going to challenge the temple at No. 7 in the heavenly realm! After you have collected 10 points, go find me wherever you go!"

"Okay, master!"

"Dad, you go!"

Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er couldn't wait.

Feng Xi hurriedly said: "Master, when you go to Hall 7, you will definitely meet those heavenly players. They may join forces against you. You have to be careful!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Don't worry! Just rely on them, they can't do anything to me!"

At this moment, the space ahead changed again, and five more snake spirits were refreshed.

Qin Feng ignored it, and when his mind moved, it turned into white light and disappeared.

He is going to the No. 7 Challenge Temple in the Heavenly Realm.

At the moment, Feng Xi's three daughters were left in the field.

With the strength of the three of them, it is very easy to kill those earth-level snake spirits and collect 10 points.

Chapter 455 Kill the audience with one knife!

At the same time, in the Heavenly Realm area, No. 7 challenged the temple.

At this moment, a fierce battle is taking place in the hall.

Eight top heavenly players are fighting fiercely with five sphinx-faced Holy Land spirits.

The two sides were inextricably killed!

On the other side of the shrine, the two players were fighting against each other, and they had already killed each other. They were all attacking each other with all their strength.

Anyway, being killed in this holy place can be resurrected, what are they afraid of?

"Old thief! What do you mean?!"

A strong man with curly blond hair yelled at the gray-robed old man opposite, but the machete in his hand did not stop.

The gray-robed old man held a scepter and roared while facing the enemy.

"Jin Nian! That lion spirit was obviously killed by the old man first, what are you robbing?!"

It turned out that the blond strong man was called Jin Nian, a peak-level powerhouse.

"Humph! What is this deity robbing?! Everyone has a share in the lion spirit, so you are allowed to kill, not me? Do you want this deity to just watch you kill one head, and I do nothing, how is this possible!"

The old man was furious: "First come, first come! You don't understand this etiquette?!"

Jin Nian laughed loudly: "Haha! The deity came to the Holy Land just to get a chance. Who told you about etiquette? Besides, even if the deity gave it to you. You got a benefit, what about the deity?"

The old man was annoyed: "You let the old man kill first, and the next one can be given to you!"

Jin Nian sneered: "These lion spirits are all at the peak of the strength of the sky. With your strength, you may not be able to kill one in two hours."

"But the time for this game is only three hours! When you finish killing me, how long do I have left. Why don't you let this deity kill first?!"

The old man said in a cold voice: "Haha! Your strength is half a catty versus the old man. If you kill it first, is the old man still in time?"

Jin Nian sneered: "You already know very well in your heart that whoever kills first will take advantage! Now you're embarrassed to argue with me?!"

The old man was annoyed: "Then you fight with the old man like this? In the end, you and I didn't take advantage of it, but instead took advantage of others!"

"Haha! Even if this deity is cheap to others, I don't want to be cheap to you old thief! The big deal, you and I will both get 0 points this round!"

"Mad! You **** lunatic!"

The old man was furious!

At this moment, among the eight people on the other side who were fighting against the five lion spirits, someone shouted to this side.

"You two, don't fight! If you continue like this, you won't be able to take advantage of anything. Let's see, I might as well sign a temporary contract with ten people and join hands to deal with these lion spirits!"

As soon as these words fell, someone immediately agreed.

"Good idea! These lion spirits are too powerful. With my strength, I can kill one in an hour. Why don't you join forces, ten against five, and take turns to score!"

"This method is great! This deity approves!"

"The old man also agrees!"

Everyone's eyes lit up and they all spoke in approval.

Even Jin Nian and the gray-robed old man secretly thought that this method was feasible, and could not help but slow down their attack speed...

At this moment, a white light flashed beside the two, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air.

Qin Feng appeared!

"It's you!"

"Qin Feng!"

When the two of them saw Qin Feng, they were a little confused!

It's not been three minutes since the opening, how did Qin Feng come to their challenge temple?

Shouldn't he be in the prefecture-level realm area?

"Look! That's Qin Feng!"

"Why is he here?!"

"Quick! Kill him! Explode the treasure on him!"

The eight people on the other side also saw Qin Feng and suddenly exclaimed.

The two Jin Nian woke up in an instant, and a fiery light appeared in their eyes.

Yup!

This Qin Feng has won so many rewards before!

Killing him will surely reveal treasures!

If you don't kill at this time, when will you wait?Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

With this in mind, Jin Nian and the two are about to take action against Qin Feng!

But at this moment, Qin Feng has already taken the lead!

Swish!

The knife light flashed instantly!

Click! Click!

Two crisp sounds!

Blood splashes!

Before the two of them could react, they were split into two pieces by Qin Feng.

"what!"

The shrill screams echoed in the hall!

In the next second, the two corpses shattered inch by inch, turning into starlight and dissipating away.

The eight people who were full of surprises suddenly looked dumbfounded, their mouths wide open!

Omg!

Are they blind?

Qin Feng actually killed Jin Nian with one knife? !

Could it be that Qin Feng has the strength of the initial threshold of a demigod? !

Because only the strength above the threshold of the initial stage of the demigod, it is possible to kill two peak powerhouses in one strike under a sneak attack!

But how is this possible? !

How could a kid in the prefecture-level realm have the strength of the initial threshold of demigods?!

Those eight people couldn't believe it at all!

However, after Jin Nian's body dissipated, there was an eighth-order sword in the air, a high-level soul essence pill, and a peculiar cyan crystal.

After the gray-robed old man's body dissipated, he left behind an eighth-order scepter and two purple diamond treasure chests.

After Qin Feng saw this, he was full of surprises.

Ha ha!

This time the harvest is too rich!

Almost all treasures above the eighth rank!

That high-level soul essence pill is also an eighth-order spiritual pill, which is very useful for him to improve his soul power.

Although his soul body strength has broken through to the early stage of the demigod realm, he can continue to take medicine pills to increase his soul body strength.

His goal was naturally to raise the strength of the soul body to a higher level.

That would greatly help him improve his strength!

And the two purple diamond treasure chests are what he needs most.

With these two purple diamond treasure chests, he can synthesize the last mythical treasure chest.

So far, all the treasure chest helicopter cards in his hand have been used up, and he can get a total of seven mythical treasure chests.

He can also use the luck card with confidence, open a treasure box feast, and get 7 ninth-order treasures.

Thinking about this is exciting!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put away the six treasures in front of him, especially the two purple diamond treasure chests

At this moment, the eight people not far away came to their senses and roared in surprise!