Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Go together!"

"kill him!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

As soon as the voice fell, the eight people came to kill Qin Feng at the same time!

The battle power and momentum of the peak of the eight heavenly levels unfolded in an instant, shaking the world, like a mountain topped by the sea, rolling towards Qin Feng

In just a moment, the eight people killed Qin Feng!

boom! boom! boom!

Immediately afterwards, the eight people shot at the same time, all of them did their best, and all of them looked extremely ferocious!

They already know that Qin Feng is not easy to mess with and must not be soft-hearted.

In the blink of an eye, the eight attacking auras joined together, and they were infinitely close to the threshold of the initial stage of demigods.

This is the power of the eight people working together!

At this moment, a look of confidence appeared in the eyes of the eight people.

With their terrifying joint power, I believe they can kill Qin Feng in one fell swoop!

Even if you don't die, you can still hit hard!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

After all, this little thief is only an earth-level realm!

Seeing, the attack of the eight people is approaching

Qin Feng's momentum also exploded instantly!

With basic combat power and foundation building power, the 291,000-star terrifying combat power is revealed!

hum!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

God's Blade! The golden light shines!

In just a moment, the integration of human and machine is completed!

Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed again, suddenly reaching 336,000 stars.

This time, he did not merge with Xiao Luan'er, nor did he absorb Qiyue's sacrificial power, so he properly reached the range of combat power in the early stage of the demigod.

Those eight people suddenly felt bad!

hum!

But before they could think about it, the God-Defying Blade screamed again!

Open Heaven! The Law of Destruction! The law of killing! The law of blood! Extreme Yang Law!

Layers of S-level attack laws were instantly attached to the knife, and the power of the knife suddenly increased, reaching the threshold level of the middle stage of the demigod in an instant!

"not good!"

The eight people were horrified and completely realized that it was not good!

But all this is too late!

Swish!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

Meet the attack of eight people and sweep the audience in an instant!

boom! boom! boom!

Click! Click! Click!

With just one knife, the attack of the eight people was shattered, and the eight people were evenly split into two pieces!

puff! puff! puff!

Suddenly, blood splattered in the field, screaming one after another!

In this way, Qin Feng instantly killed eight peak powerhouses with one knife!

In the next second, the bodies of the eight people were all shattered into pieces, turning into starlight and dispersing, leaving behind three treasures each.

Qin Feng glanced at the treasures all over the ground, many of which were eighth-order items, and suddenly his eyes were surprised.

In the next second, he stepped forward to collect the loot

Not far away, the five lion spirits were dumbfounded, and they were all stunned on the spot!

Those lion spirits, all thirty feet in length, sphinx faces, and extraordinary imposing manners, all reached the peak of heaven.

In just a moment, Qin Feng finished collecting the spoils and was in a good mood.

This time, the thirty treasures that he obtained by killing ten top-level players alone made him a lot of money, of which extraordinary he could use.

Roar! Roar! Roar!

At this moment, the five lion spirits finally woke up and roared together, wanting to kill Qin Feng.

Qin Feng quickly shot!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

puff! puff! puff!

The light of the sword flashed again and again, and the lion spirit roared again and again!

In just a few seconds, Qin Feng killed the five lion spirits!

One after another dazzling white light poured into his body

[You succeeded in killing the Lion Spirit, obtaining +500 million energy points, +80 million judgment points, and +2 Holy Land points. 】

[You succeeded in killing the Lion Spirit, obtaining +500 million energy points, +80 million judgment points, and +2 Holy Land points. 】

[You succeeded in killing the Lion Spirit, obtaining +500 million energy points, +80 million judgment points, and +2 Holy Land points. 】

4.6

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, you killed 5 lion spirits and received 1 'Sacred Land Divine Essence' reward]

hum!

As the prompt sounded, a Holy Land Divine Essence fell to the front along the beam of light...

Qin Feng put away the Shen Yuan with satisfaction.

This is another good harvest!

After killing these five lion spirits, his points accumulated to 20 points, and his energy value and judgment value skyrocketed a lot...

After another moment, the space in front was twisted and changed again, and five lion spirits appeared out of thin air...

Qin Feng shot and killed again!

After a while, he killed them all and earned another 10 points.

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up on his body!

[You have been promoted to level 26 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up, and there was a surprise in his eyes.

His vocation has been upgraded!

He suddenly thought that this opportunity seemed to be of great help in upgrading his vocation!

call out! call out! call out!

It was at this moment that white light flickered next to him, and three beautiful figures appeared out of thin air.

Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er also arrived.

Chapter 456: Awakening the Eighth Consciousness

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When the three women saw Qin Feng, they were all delighted.

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up: "You are here so soon!"

Feng Xi smiled and said: "With Yue'er's time force field, we will naturally be fast!"

"Dad, what's the situation now?"

Xiao Luan'er looked around curiously.

At this moment, there was a wave of space ahead, and five lion spirits were refreshed.

Roar! Roar! Roar!

As soon as the five lion spirits appeared, they roared in the sky!

One by one, they looked at Qin Feng and the others with bad expressions!

snort!

Humans of the four prefecture-level realms!

They can kill these four people with just one shot!

Roar! Roar!

Two more roars!

The two lion spirits were the first to kill Qin Feng and the others!

Boom!

At that moment, the monstrous weather shrouded the audience...

click! click! click!

The terrifying Tianwei fills the audience, causing the entire space to tremble slightly!

Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er all changed slightly.

With the strength of the three of them, if they join forces, they can only deal with one lion spirit, and they cannot kill the two.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

I saw him swing a knife at will!

Cold light flashes!

Click! Click!

Two crisp sounds!

The two lion spirits were split into two halves!

Terrible roar!

Sounds again and again!

In the next second, the bodies of the two lion spirits shattered and turned into starlight, and two more white lights poured into Qin Feng's body...

This scene made Feng Xi's three daughters' eyes light up, and their eyes were full of admiration.

The other three lion spirits were dumbfounded, with panic in their eyes.

But without waiting for them to think, Qin Feng waved his hand again, spurting out three sword lights...

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!