Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In just an instant, the three sword lights penetrated the three lion spirits and shot them across!

Suddenly, blood shot up again and again!

The three lion spirits roared in pain and tumbled and struggled on the ground!

That terrifying roar shook the entire temple slightly!

In just one encounter, Qin Feng hit them hard, and their momentum plummeted by more than half 18...

In fact, Qin Feng did not want their lives on purpose, just wanted to inflict heavy damage on them...

Seeing this, Feng Xi's three daughters were a little puzzled.

Qin Feng smiled and said, "What are you still doing? Hurry up and kill!"

Xiao Luan'er was puzzled: "Dad, why?"

Qin Feng petted her little head and said, "Little guy, you have killed enough lion spirits, and if you get 10 points, you have the right to go with me to the initial demigod area! Kill monsters in this area and earn Divine Essence. The speed, after all, is slower!"

Xiao Luan'er suddenly said: "Oh! I understand! Hee hee!"

Feng Xi and Qi Yue also showed a sudden look.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The next second, the three women slaughtered the three lion spirits, and one of them chose a lion spirit...

Roar!

The three lion spirits are rolling and struggling on the ground!

When they saw the three girls coming, they all struggled to get up and face the enemy!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides will fight again!

Even though they were severely injured, the aura of the three-headed lion spirit was still extremely powerful, reaching the level of the early stage of the ninth level of heaven.

As soon as the two sides fought, Feng Xi crushed and beat the lion spirit.

After all, her strength has reached the pinnacle of the ninth level.

Xiao Luan'er and the opponent were inextricably killed, and it was difficult to tell the winner for a while.

Qiyue is miserable!

She was only at the peak of the eighth level, and when she encountered the lion spirit in the early stage of the ninth level, she was immediately killed and defeated.

But at this moment, Qin Feng flicked his index finger and shot out a finger wind that shattered one of the forelimbs of the lion spirit!

boom!

The lion spirit stumbled and fell to the ground.

Qiyue was pleasantly surprised and took the opportunity to counterattack, killing the lion spirits back and forth again and again...

With the help of Qin Feng, she has the upper hand...

hum!

At this moment, Qiyue released the time force field and instantly enveloped the entire temple...

Qin Feng smiled and thought to himself.

In this way, the three women fought fiercely with the three lion spirits, and Qin Feng swept aside.

Not long after, there was a miserable roar in the field!

Feng Xi was the first to kill the Lion Spirit!

With a shrill scream, the lion spirit's body shattered inch by inch, turning into a sky full of starlight, and then dissipated...

In the next second, two white lights flew out of those starlights, one poured into Qin Feng's body, and the other flew into Feng Xi's body...

[Your servant Feng Xi successfully killed the lion spirit, she got +200 million energy points, +2 points]

[Your servant Feng Xi successfully killed the lion spirit, you get +300 million energy points and +80 million judgment points. 】

Upon receiving this news, Qin Feng smiled.

Everything is as he expected, and the person who finally kills the lion spirit will get Holy Land points.

However, he also participated in the killing process, and Tiandao will distribute the energy of the Lion Spirit according to the way of forming a team.

As for the trial value of killing the lion spirit, it belongs to Qin Feng.

After all, Qin Feng was the only judge in the team, and he naturally got all the judgement points.

Such a result made Qin Feng very satisfied.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Master, I got 2 points!"

At this moment, Feng Xi's beautiful face was full of joy.

Qin Feng smiled and said: "It seems that this method is feasible! When you reach 10 points, we will go to the initial demigod area!"

"Um!"

Feng Xi nodded and watched the battle between Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue.

In a blink of an eye, ten minutes passed.

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue also killed the target one after another, and they each scored 2 points.

Qin Feng naturally also gained a lot of judgment value, which can be said to be very happy.

Of course, ten minutes have passed in this temple, and only one minute has passed outside.

It all happened so fast!

It didn't take long for the space in the field to fluctuate again, and five lion spirits refreshed.

This time, Qin Feng's figure flickered, and it was divided into two, becoming two Qin Fengs.

It turned out that he displayed the body of two poles, and turned into the body of light and the body of darkness.

Afterwards, the body of light shot and killed two lion spirits, inflicted heavy damage on three lion spirits, and continued to help the three women score points.

The body of darkness stepped aside, sat cross-legged, and turned his palms over.

Afterwards, there was a red spirit fruit in his palm, showing colorful brilliance, illuminating the entire temple, and exuding amazing soul power fluctuations.

[Sky Soul Fruit: Ninth-Order Spirit Fruit]

[After taking it, the eighth consciousness - Alaya consciousness can be automatically awakened. 】

[Reminder: To eat this spiritual fruit, you need the soul body strength to reach the demigod realm or above, and the soul body below the demigod realm strength will instantly collapse under the power of this spiritual fruit. 】

This is the Heavenly Soul Fruit!

The dark body took a deep breath, and his eyes were full of anticipation.

The matter of brushing points, just let the body of light handle it.

He is now going to refine this elixir to awaken his eighth sense.

You must know that when going to the initial stage of demigods, he may encounter a joint siege of ten early demigods.

Ten early demigod powerhouses!

The strength of that joint effort is comparable to the mid-term threshold of a demigod.

With his current strength, even with the help of Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue, it would be difficult to kill ten early demigod powerhouses in a short period of time.

But in this race against time, he must speed up the end of the battle to save time for himself.

Only in that way can he reap the greatest benefit.

Therefore, he must speed up to improve his strength.

At present, the fastest way to improve strength is to awaken the eighth sense.

Thinking of this, the dark body picked up the 'Heaven Soul Fruit' and took a big bite.

Click!

The crispy and sweet juice entered his throat and turned into a monstrous soul energy, which instantly penetrated his whole body, and rushed frantically into the sea of ​​consciousness of the dark body.

Boom!

Suddenly, the sea of ​​consciousness of the dark body roared continuously!

His whole body also lit up with eight-colored rays of light, illuminating the entire temple!

The body of darkness is one of Qin Feng's bodies.

It is the two sides of Qin Feng!

Therefore, the body of darkness has refined the heavenly soul fruit, which is equivalent to Qin Feng refining the heavenly soul fruit, and the body of light will also be improved synchronously.

This is the magic effect of light and dark, yin and yang reincarnation, and endless life!

In this way, the body of darkness closed his eyes and refined the spirit fruit comfortably...

On the other hand, the body of light is helping the three women to score points, while frantically harvesting judgment points, and the harvest is also endless...

At the same moment, outside the Challenge Temple, in the No. 73 safe area, there was a sound of mourning and roaring.

I saw that in the safe area, some people were beating their chests, some were scolding loudly, and some were dumbfounded.

These are the Ten Jinnian people!

After being killed by Qin Feng, they have been resurrected in the safe zone, but they have also lost their qualifications to continue to participate in the second round of opportunities.

This makes them extremely sad and angry!

"Ah! Killed this day! The old man's death scepter was lost! It's an eighth-order weapon!"

"Hey! I lost my eighth-order dragon knife too!"

"This deity lost three high-level soul essence pills!"

"I also lost a quasi-ninth-order treasure!"

"Damn it! Blame that **** Qin Feng thief! It was he who killed us that made us lose our treasures!"

"What's even more irritating is! We were killed this time, so we can't participate in the second round of chances! In this round, we all scored 0 points!"

"Hey! I'm so **** off!"

"No! We can't just let it go! Everyone, Qin Feng thief ruined my chance, and I can't let him have a better time!"

"That's right! You mustn't let that little thief feel better!"

"But that little thief is extremely powerful, and it is estimated that he has the strength close to the middle stage of the demigod. How can we deal with him?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's expressions changed slightly.

right!

That Qin Feng is too strong!

Comparable to the mid-term threshold of a demigod!

After calming down, they felt incredible again.

A small prefecture-level realm has the combat power close to the middle stage of the demigod. How did he do it?

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it.

Thinking about it now, their hearts are infinitely shocked!

However, this can't be worth their hatred for Qin Feng after all!

The chance of killing someone is like killing one's parents, this hatred is not shared by the sky!

"Everyone, even if Qin Feng is a genius, so what?! If he dares to cut off my chance, I can't let him go!"

"That's right! We must get our revenge back!"

"But what do we have to do to get revenge on him?"

"Everyone, we can't deal with him, but those powerhouses in the middle stage of demigods and above the peak of demigods can deal with him!"

"Yes! In this safe zone, there are nearly 25% of the people in the middle stage of the demigod and the peak of the demigod, that is, more than 900 people. Among so many strong people, there are definitely not a few who are jealous of the kid! "

"By the way, the old man has a way to deal with that kid. Otherwise..."

In the crowd, an old man seemed to have thought of some poisonous plan and was about to say it.