Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Boom!

But at this moment, the sky above the square oscillated, and the voice of heaven sounded.

[Reminder in this area: If you are killed in the second round of chance matches, you will be deducted 5 points as a punishment! 】

hum! hum! hum!

As the prompt sounded, black beams of light descended and landed on the ten people in Jincheng...

All ten people were deducted 5 points!

In the next second, the crowd erupted in abuse again!

"Damn it! The old man didn't get a point, but he was deducted 5 points instead!"

"Hey! I scored 3 points in the last round, and I was deducted 5 points in this round. As a result, after two rounds, it became a minus 2 points. This time, the deity will be at the bottom of the ranking!"

"I'm worse than you! I've lost 3 points!"

"Hey! I'm also minus 3 points!"

This time, ten people sighed.

But at this moment, the voice of Tiandao came again...

[Reminder in this area: When the player's points are lower than 0 points, they will lose the qualification to stay in the Holy Land! 】

boom!

What? !

When the news came out, everyone was shocked!

But before they thought about it, a mighty force of heaven and earth descended from the sky and enveloped them.

In the next second, those ten people turned into white light and were forcibly kicked out of the Holy Land...

"No! Don't pass the old man out!"

"My God! I have to participate in the next round of chance!"

"Damn! Damn Qin Feng! It's all because of you!"

"Ah! The old man is unwilling!"

In just a moment, all ten people in Jincheng were kicked out, and the trip to the Holy Land ended early...

Over the square, their unwilling mourning still echoed...

Time flies!

In a twinkling of an eye, the second round went to the 18th minute.

At this moment, in the Heaven-level realm area, in the Challenge Temple No. 7, some amazing things are happening.

I saw that in the corner of the temple, the body of darkness lit up with a heavenly light!

A wave of monstrous soul power fluctuations shot up from him, filling the entire temple, causing the three Feng Xi girls to be stunned!

At the same moment, in the mind of the dark body, the reminder of the heavenly way echoed...

[Congratulations on your success in refining the Heavenly Soul Fruit! The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved, from the threshold of the initial demigod to the initial limit of the demigod, and the combat power is +5000 stars! 】

[Congratulations on your success in refining the Heavenly Soul Fruit! You have awakened the eighth consciousness - Alaya consciousness! 】

【Congratulations on awakening your eighth sense! Your S-rank talent "Awakening of Seven Consciousness" is automatically promoted to SS-rank talent "Awakening of Eight Consciousness". 】

[Congratulations on awakening the SS-level talent 'Eight Consciousness Awakening', your 'God Sense Outreach' is automatically promoted to the ninth-order skill, and its scanning range has been expanded to a radius of 10,000 miles. 】

[Congratulations on your awakening the SS-level talent 'Eight Consciousness Awakening', your 'Eye of the God' is automatically promoted to the 'Eye of the Sky'. 】

【Congratulations on awakening your eighth sense! Your S-rank talent "Reincarnation of Light and Darkness" will be automatically promoted to SS-rank talent "Reincarnation of Life and Death". 】

[Congratulations on your awakening of SS-level 'Life and Death', your skill 'Body of Two Poles' is automatically promoted to the ninth-order skill 'Body of Two Instruments'. 】

[Body of Two Instruments: An advanced version of the body of two poles; this method can transform the body of the polar yang and the body of the polar yin, and the time limit can be increased to three days and three nights. 】

Boom!

With a burst of earth-shattering reminders, Qin Feng finally awakened the eighth sense - Alaya Consciousness!

At this time, the dark body slowly opened his eyes.

In other words, today's dark body is a very yin body, and it can exist independently for a longer time.

Previously, after Qin Feng used the reincarnation of light and dark, the two main bodies of light and dark could only maintain an independent existence for 9 hours, and they had to be integrated.

Today, the two main bodies of light and darkness have become the two main bodies of yin and yang, and the time of independent existence extends to three days and three nights, which is 72 hours.

This is a huge improvement!

Qin Feng can use this skill with confidence in the future, and he does not need to wait until a critical moment to use it.

This means that most of the time, his strength can be doubled.

Thinking of this, the eyes of the extreme yin body are full of joy.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again

[Congratulations on your awakening of the SS-level 'Reincarnation of Life and Death'! From now on, you can condense the 'Seal of Life' and the 'Seal of Death', and try to recruit messengers of life and messengers of death...]

The eyes of the extreme yin body lit up, and a happy look appeared in the eyes again.

He can finally recruit Feng Xi and turn her into a 'death messenger'

Chapter four hundred and fifty-seven killing the demigod initial stage

call!

The very yin body let out a sigh of relief and stood up happily.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

When he got up, the voices of Feng Xi's three girls were heard beside him.

Qin Feng turned his head to look, and saw that the three women were looking at him with concern.

It turned out that only ten minutes had passed from the outside world, and two hours had passed in this temple.

In the past two hours, Feng Xi's three daughters had already accumulated points.

After that, the three of them stayed beside the extreme yin body, waiting for the extreme yin body to finish refining the Heavenly Soul Fruit...

And Qin Feng's Jiyang body has been brushing lion spirits, and he has already gained more than 200 points and a lot of divine energy.

"Dad, have you awakened your eighth sense?"

Xiao Luan asked with concern.

This little guy is very concerned about Qin Feng's strength improvement.

The very yin body smiled.

This time, he not only awakened the eighth sense, but also awakened two SS-level talents in a row, and added 5000-star combat power, and his comprehensive strength has been greatly improved.

Now, his basic combat power has reached 286,000 stars.

"The eighth sense has naturally awakened! Feng Xi, come here!"

"Oh!"

Feng Xi was overwhelmed with surprises and hurried over.

She knew that the master could condense the 'Death Seal'.

She will also become the master's 'death messenger', one of the master's closest people.

This is exactly what she was looking forward to!

In just a moment, Feng Xi walked to the body of the extreme yin...

The very yin body smiled slightly: "Close your eyes!"

"Oh!"

Feng Xi obediently closed her eyes, her beautiful face, even with her eyes closed, was pleasing to the eye.

The extremely yin body did not waste time, immediately broke the blood and started to draw the imprint of the **** of death in the air...

I saw where his fingertips passed, leaving strands of dark red finger blood, which miraculously floated in the air and burst into a faint aura.

Gradually, a divine seal rune constructed of blood essence slowly took shape in the air, and gradually burst into a dazzling golden light, which reverberated in the air.

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue watched curiously.

In just a moment, the 'Seal of Death' took shape!

As soon as the mind of the extreme yin body moved, the divine seal automatically flew to Feng Xi's eyebrows...

Boom!

With a burst of earth-shattering movements, the Law of Heavenly Dao trembled slightly!

In just a moment, the God of Death Seal completely melted into Feng Xi's eyebrows and disappeared.

On that bright and clean forehead, only a faint golden light was left, making Feng Xi's temperament even more sacred...

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[The trial solicitation was successful! The target Fengxi has become your death messenger! 】

hum!

At that moment, there was a soul resonance between Qin Feng and Feng Xi, and there was a feeling of heart-to-heart.

The relationship between a master and a servant has also become more intimate, like the most trustworthy blood relatives.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Your vocation skill - perception sharing is automatically activated! 】

[Commentation sharing starts: You are sharing the death messenger 'Feng Xi''s comprehension of the 'law of death'...]

Boom!

In the next second, a large amount of information madly poured into the mind of the extreme yin body...

That was Feng Xi's understanding of the law of death!

Among the S-level talents, the law of life and the law of death are the most difficult to understand, but they are also the most powerful...

The S-rank law that Feng Xi realized was the law of death!

At the moment, the very yin body can't help but close his eyes, digesting those feelings...

At that moment, his comprehension of the law of death increased wildly along the way...

It turns out that the law of death is a fusion of the law of darkness (A-level), the law of gold (A-level), and the law of fire (A-level)...

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations, you have realized the S-level talent - the 'law of death']

[Reminder: Wounded by the law of death talent, it cannot be recovered through healing skills. Only by using the law of life talent can the injury be restored. 】Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

At this time, Ji Yin body opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of surprises.

He got another S-level law, and his comprehensive strength increased greatly again.

Having said that, this law of death is very overbearing!

Being injured by it, if there is no life law repair and other special means, it may leave permanent scars, or even become disabled.

It is also the nemesis of wooden talents!

At this time, Feng Xi also opened her eyes.

At this moment, she looked at Ji Yin's body and became more intimate, as if Qin Feng was the only one in her heart.

"Master, the sacrifice contract has not been signed yet!"

Feng Xi reminded in a low voice.

"Well, close your eyes,,,"

"Oh!"