Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Yeah! A total of 60 attributes have increased! Let's increase our strength!"

"Now, everyone in our village can one-on-one beasts of the same rank?!"

"Of course it is!"

"Everyone, if we continue to develop at this pace, our village has the hope of passing the novice assessment!"

"Yeah! When I think that people in our village can survive the novice assessment, I'm so excited!"

"I hope! Everyone in our Dragon Country is like a dragon, and we can successfully pass the novice assessment, so that those who are jealous of our Dragon Country will be blinded by their dog eyes!"

"Woo! Listening to what you said, I'm so excited that I want to cry! It's all thanks to Boss Qin Feng!"

"Yeah! People from our village 911 are so lucky to be assigned with the boss Qin Feng!"

"Why doesn't Boss Qin Feng come out and bubble? I adore him so much! My little sister really wants to talk to him!"

"The girl upstairs, he's busy, so don't disturb him!"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng is willing to come out, and he will come out naturally."

"By the way, everyone, I remember that there is a gambling order in Qin Feng's hands!"

"Yes! I almost forgot! Haha! You said, how does Mr. Qin Feng use that gambling order?"

"Huh! Needless to say? Naturally, it's for revenge! Those people from the Lighthouse Kingdom, Asan Kingdom, and Sakurajima Kingdom took the initiative to provoke us one by one. Next time, it's our turn to take the initiative to fight back!"

"That's right! Come and don't be indecent! Those **** dare to provoke us, we will fight back!"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"That's right! Those who violate our Dragon Kingdom will be punished even if they are far away!"

"There are several countries that provoked our Dragon Kingdom. You said that Qin Feng, the boss, will find that one to fight back first?"

"Choose whoever is the most arrogant!"

"That's right!"

"By the way, let's go to the regional channel! Those **** thought we were going to lose! Now, we will announce the news of the victory and see their wonderful faces!"

"Haha! I have this idea too!"

At the moment, everyone has entered the regional channel...

At the same time, there was a heated exchange of words on the regional channel.

One side of the camp is the village No. 34 and No. 77 of the people of Longguo.

On the other side, there are more than 20 villages such as Lighthouse Country, Asan Country, Sakurajima Country, Fuluo Country, Kangaroo Country, Nanbang Country, Xiaowan Country and so on.

All countries believe that 911 Village will lose.

At this moment, both sides scolded in full swing.

"Oh! Miyamoto-sama from Village No. 5 is the first powerhouse in our No. 1 district to reach level 8. It is not an exaggeration to say that he is the No. 1 powerhouse in our district. He is also the pride of our Sakurajima country. !"

"Oh! Upstairs, you are so right! That Qin Feng from Village 911 is the seventh in our District 1 to be promoted to level 8. He is far worse than Mr. Miyamoto. This time, Village 911 Lost!"

"Haha! God! I'm starting to sympathize with Qin Feng and 911 Village! They've lost it this time!"

Village No. 77: "Sympathy for your mother! It's uncertain who wins and who loses!"

Village No. 34: "That's right! It's not even half an hour before the game starts, you know who wins and who loses, and you're not afraid of being slapped in the face!"

"Oh! Lovely people from the Dragon Kingdom, you guys are too naive. Do you think the first-ranked powerhouse will lose to the seventh-ranked?"

"These Dragon Kingdom people like to daydream, Smecta!"

As soon as these words fell, the people of Longguo in 911 Village entered the regional channel one after another.

Liu Yuan (911): "Nan Bangzi upstairs! I'm your father of Longguo! Our village No. 911 has already won! You son of a bitch, come and kowtow soon!"

Wu Yong (911): "Haha! We all won! You **** are so embarrassed to laugh at us, it's so funny!"

Lei Jue (911): "Haha! These arrogant guys never imagined that we would win!"

In just a moment, more than two dozen people from 911 villages spoke angrily.

The entire regional channel was stunned.

Afterwards, the Lighthouse Country and others laughed and laughed and went back.

"Crazy! Crazy! The people of Longguo in 911 Village are crazy! It's only been half an hour since this bet, and they actually said they won. I laughed so hard! Haha!"

"Oh! God! This is the funniest joke I've ever heard in my life!"

"Baga! Are all the people of Longguo stupid? How dare you tell such a cheap joke to deceive us? We Miyamoto-sama are the most powerful warriors. How could we lose to you in less than half an hour?"

"Assi! The people of Longguo are becoming more and more shameless, Smecta!"

But after these people finished speaking, Miyamoto Lang entered the regional channel and began to speak.

Miyamoto Lang (5): "I'm sorry! I let everyone down! I failed!"

Miyamoto Lang's avatar jumped, and he actually bowed to the crowd.

The craftsmanship of the people of Sakurajima is reflected in this moment.

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked!

The entire channel fell silent in an instant.

After a while, a person from the Lighthouse Country asked.

"Oh! Miyamoto-sama, are you sure you didn't say anything wrong? Did you really lose?"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "Hey! I lost! I lost to Qin Feng of Longguo!"

Boom~!

This time, the regional channel was completely blown up.

"Baga! Mr. Miyamoto, how can you lose to the people of Longguo?"

"Assie! It must not be true, Smecta!"

"Oh! God! This is the worst news I've ever heard!"

Village No. 34: "Haha! We won! We won! We the people of Longguo won again!"

Village No. 77: "Qin Feng! That Qin Feng is amazing! It's too embarrassing for us people of Longguo! Haha!"

Village No. 34: "Miyamoto Lang, didn't you say that if you lose, you will kill yourself! Why don't you kill yourself?"

Miyamoto Lang: "Baga! Qin Feng has risen to level 9 before I even started killing monsters. He must be cheating! He definitely didn't win by his own strength!"

At this time, Amir also jumped out to echo.

Amir: "I also think Qin Feng is cheating! As far as I know, there are only two C-level talents awakened in 911 Village, and Qin Feng is one of them."

Amir: "Everyone knows that in this killing world, talent is extremely important. The stronger the talent, the stronger the strength."

Amir: "How could Qin Feng, a C-level talent, win the A-level talent Mr. Miyamoto? He won within half an hour! This is incredible!"

As soon as these words came out, the eyes of the dogs of all countries lit up, like flies smelling shit, and they were completely excited.

"It makes sense! Qin Feng must have cheated! Oh! God, please punish this shameless human being!"

"Axi! I'll just say, the people of Longguo can't be so powerful. It turned out to be cheating, Smecta!"

"Baga! That Qin Feng is definitely cheating! It is absolutely impossible for him to win Lord Miyamoto!"

Hearing that these dogs were slandering Qin Feng, the people of Longguo in 911 Village were furious, and they went back angrily.

The people of Longguo in Village No. 34 and Village No. 77 also joined the battle group one after another, angering those jealous and jealous dogs.

A great scolding battle started like this!

…

At the same time, the 911 village was left on the grassland.

Qin Feng chased and killed the elephant king at full speed.

At this moment, he finally caught up.

"Beast! Where to escape!"

Swish~!

As soon as Qin Feng dodged, he slaughtered it.

Ang~!

The elephant king was frightened, and when he looked back, he rushed forward, and also took the initiative to kill the past.

Whoo~!

Blast!

In just an instant, the two sides will collide and come together again.

At that moment, Qin Feng's figure was slightly to one side, avoiding Xiang Wang's charge, and at the same time he slashed with a long knife.

Swish~!

Click~! Click~! Ka~ puff!

That knife cut through the crystal armor of the elephant king, and the blade also cut into the elephant's body by half a foot.

For a while, the flames scorched the flesh, and the blood spurted.

Ang~!

The elephant king screamed and shook his head. The trunk of the elephant was like a whip, and it hit Qin Feng's cheek.

Swish~!

Qin Feng raised his hand to meet him with a knife!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

He cut off the Elephant King's trunk with one knife!

Ang~!

The elephant king screamed terribly!

Afterwards, it turned around and fled regardless of its wounds.

Qin Feng hurriedly chased after it, and slashed its back buttocks with another knife, slicing the crystal armor again, leaving a deep bone-deep wound with blood flowing.

Ang~!

The elephant king was in pain and ran away desperately.

Qin Feng chased again.

The elephant king stomped his foot and launched the technique of trapping the sand.

Qin Feng suddenly felt his feet soften, his feet fell into the sand pit, and the whole person began to sink.

The elephant king took the opportunity to escape.

But it hadn't escaped a few steps before it slowed down and moved sluggishly.

[Reminder: The target is eroded by darkness! Speed, defense, combat power began to decline... 】

Cool!

The Dark Erosion of Hellfire works!

5.7 Qin Feng was overjoyed, and quickly used the control of the soil to break free from the bunker and chase him up.

In just a few seconds, he caught up with the elephant king, slashing and slashing with his long sword.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Ang~! Ang~! Ang~!

Suddenly, blood splattered in the field, and the elephant king screamed again and again.