Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Xi closed her eyes again.

The extremely yin body was once again clotted with the fingertips, and then pressed on Feng Xi's bright and clean forehead, slowly drawing a mysterious blood talisman.

hum!

In just a moment, the blood talisman was drawn, lit up with a dazzling light, and merged into the depths of Feng Xi's eyebrows and into his soul body again.

The next second, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【Contract successful! Congratulations to you and the death messenger under your command, you have completed the sacrifice contract and met the requirements for the "Sacrificial Faith". 】

call!

Finally finished!

The very negative body breathed a long sigh of relief.

Feng Xi also opened her eyes with joy.

"Master, our contract has been successful!"

Feng Xi smiled extra sweetly.

At this moment, she is very happy!

After becoming the messenger of death, she was finally able to help her master.

"Dad, can we go to the initial demigod area?"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

Qiyue also watched eagerly.

The two little girls couldn't wait.

The very yin body smiled slightly: "It's time to go to the initial stage of demigods! In this heaven-level realm, earning points is very fast, but the speed of earning divine essence is much slower. We have to kill five lion spirits, Only then will you get a Divine Essence."

Qiyue nodded with a smile: "Yes! If it is in the early stage of the demigod, as long as you kill a Holy Land Spirit, you can get a Divine Essence, much faster than now!"

Xiao Luan'er said impatiently, "Dad, let's hurry over there!"

Feng Xi reminded: "Master, when you went to the early stage of the demigod area, you may have to face ten early stage demigods at one time, so don't be careless!"

The yin body nodded: "This is nature!"

The voice just fell, and there were several miserable roars from the front!

That is Ji Yang's body and beheaded five lion spirits...

call out! call out! call out!

Immediately after, five rays of white light poured into the body of Extreme Yang...

In the next second, the upgraded white light lit up on the body of the extreme cathode and the extreme Yang at the same time...

【You have been promoted to level 27 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

The two main bodies all showed joy.

The vocation has been upgraded again!

In the next second, the figure of the extreme yang body flashed and appeared beside the extreme yin body out of thin air.

Then, the two main bodies merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared.

"Let's go! This time, let's go to the initial stage of the demigods, and choose No. 7 to challenge the temple!"

"Um!"

The three daughters agreed!

In the next second, the four people's hearts moved, and they turned into white light at the same time and disappeared in the temple...

At the same time, in the initial stage of the demigod, No. 7 challenged the temple.

boom! boom! boom!

At this moment, it was dark in the temple.

The ten early demigod players were divided into five groups and were dealing with five holy spirits.

The five-headed Holy Land Spirit, Jiao-headed body, several tens of meters tall, and all of them have a 300,000-star combat power, which is extremely terrifying.

These are the Jiao Ling in the Holy Land Spirit!

On the other hand, the ten players, with combat power ranging from 200,000 stars to 350,000 stars, did not have an advantage.

Looking closely, the five major battle groups in the field are different.

The first battle group, a strong man holding a giant hammer, singled out a Jiao Ling, but only had the upper hand.

According to his rhythm, it would only take two or three hours to hunt down a Jiao Ling.

In fact, this strong man is the strongest person in the Temple No. 7, named Juli God, from the superstar world.

Looking at the second, third, and fourth battle groups, they were all two demigod early stage powerhouses teaming up to deal with a flood dragon, and they barely managed to gain the upper hand.

As for the fifth battle group, it was three early stage demigod powerhouses, and they still had the upper hand against a flooded spirit together.

It turned out that these three were the weakest three demigod early stage powerhouses in this temple.

boom! boom! boom!

At this moment, the killing in the hall was earth-shattering, the sun and the moon were dull.

From time to time, there will be complaints from the strong ones!

"Damn it! This second round of chance challenge is too difficult!"

"Yeah! With the strength of this old man, if it's a one-on-one matchup, it is definitely not the opponent of this Jiao Ling! Maybe, the old man will be killed by it!"

"The same is true for the deity! In this chance, the deity can get a point, that's all luck!"

"Hey! Brother Wu, you and I will join forces to deal with this Jiao Ling, who will get a point, it depends on your luck and mine, not necessarily Brother Wu."

"Hey! Let's go with the fate! It depends on who Tiandao decides the points to. It's only 1 point, the deity doesn't care anymore, I just want not to be killed by the Jiaoling, and 5 points will be deducted, then it will be miserable!"

"That's true! Hey! This second round is so hard!"

The powerhouses are full of emotion!

It turned out that they joined forces to kill monsters, not necessarily to score points, but more to protect themselves.

It is because those Flood Spirits are too strong, and they have no advantage in front of Flood Spirits.

Even the strongest Juli God, who singled out a Jiao Ling, only had the upper hand and did not form a crushing trend.

At this time, another strong man complained.

"Hey! Everyone, the rules of this second round of chance obviously favor those players who can challenge beyond the level. In this round, no one who is strong can get good results!"Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Indeed! It seems that the rankings in the second round will be shuffled! If you can enter the top 100 in the first round, you may not be in the second round. Maybe some players in the early stage of demigods will have the opportunity to enter the top 100. already."

"By the way, you said, do those heavenly players have a chance to enter the top 100?"

"This...hey! According to the rules of this round, they have a chance!"

"Damn it! If those heaven-level players can enter the top 100, it will make the deity feel aggrieved!"

As soon as these words fell, the scoffing sound of Juli God rang out in the arena.

"Haha! Everyone, that's not necessarily true! As far as this deity knows, the ranking of points in the second round is calculated by adding up the points in the first and second rounds."

"Even if those heaven-level players can achieve good results in this round, if they add the results in the first round, their ranking will be pulled down."

"Yeah! In the first round, most of the sky-level players only scored 2 points. In the early stage of the demigods like me, they basically scored more than 5 points. With this score, even if they performed well in this round, it would be difficult for them to enter the top 100."

"If this arrangement is made, the old man thinks it is fairer! By the way, what do you think of Qin Feng? He won the first place in the last game!"

"Yeah! That little thief also has a strong ability to leapfrog, right? If so, the possibility of him winning the first place is not small!"

As soon as these words fell, the strong men frowned, and their hearts were a little sour.

The Juli God sneered even more: "Humph! How easy is it to challenge the challenge? According to the rules of Heaven, the Spirit of the Holy Land in the Earth-level realm area must be the peak strength of the Earth-level realm, and the ordinary Earth-level realm can't deal with it. "

"Besides, we only have four prefecture-level realms in Area 73, and they will definitely be assigned to the same challenge temple. The four of them will have to deal with the five-headed Holy Land Spirit."

"Maybe, they can't even deal with the five-headed Holy Land Spirit, and they are being killed and running around!"

As soon as these words fell, the eyes of the powerhouses lit up, and they felt very reasonable.

Come to think of it!

The ten of them were already struggling to deal with the five-headed Holy Land Spirits of the same rank.

If it weren't for their superiority in numbers, I'm afraid they would all be defeated.

And Qin Feng and his party are only four people, but they have to deal with five spirits of the Holy Land of the same rank, so they will definitely be in a hurry, maybe they will be killed and defeated.

These guys will think so, and they are completely saving others by themselves, because of human nature.

They think that what kind of situation they are in, others will be in the same situation as them.

They never thought that some people are excellent that they can't imagine.

At the same time, they were jealous in their hearts and didn't want Qin Feng to get good grades.

At the moment, someone in the field echoed.

"Venerable Juli God, what you said is too reasonable!"

"That's right! It's already very difficult for ten of us to deal with the spirit of the five-headed Holy Land. The four of Qin Feng must be even worse!"

"I want the old man to see, most of the time! Haha!"

As soon as this was said, the whole audience laughed!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

But at this moment, a white light suddenly flashed over the temple, and four figures appeared out of thin air!

When everyone saw the four of them, they were dumbfounded!

The smiles on their faces instantly froze!

Because the people here are none other than Qin Feng and the others!

Chapter 458 Slaughtering demigods

"It's you!"

"Qin Feng!"

The next second, Juli God and others couldn't help but exclaimed!

Qin Feng ignored it and waved quickly.

call out! call out!

White light flashed continuously in the field, Qi Yue and Feng Xi disappeared out of thin air at the same time, and the two girls were sent into the zero-degree space by him.

This temple is full of powerful beings in the early stage of demigods, so naturally the two of Qiyue cannot be exposed to the outside.

Therefore, he wants to send Qiyue and Qiyue into the zero-degree space as soon as possible.

If it wasn't for the promotion area, he would need to do it himself. He would have sent Qiyue and the two into the zero-degree space in advance.

"Luan'er! Psychic!"

After this operation, Qin Feng pinched a psychic seal in his hand!

Boo!

A shocking phoenix cry!

Xiao Luan'er instantly turned into a golden flame bird!

boom!