Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this scene, Juli God and others suddenly woke up!

"Quick! Quickly kill this little thief!"

"Don't let him escape!"

With this roar, many strong people wanted to take action against Qin Feng.

Ow! Ow! Ow!

But at this moment, the dragon roared incessantly!

The five-headed Jiaoling showed its might, making those strong men unable to come out for a while.

Originally, they were fighting against the Jiao Ling, just barely gaining the upper hand.

At the juncture of the fierce battle, is it so easy to withdraw from the battlefield? !

Seeing that no one was going to deal with Qin Feng, there was a loud shout in the field!

"I come!"

boom!

The person who drinks violently is the number one powerhouse in the field - the God of Power!

He was the only one in the field, and he had the energy to get rid of the entanglement of the Jiao Ling!

I saw that he smashed Jiao Ling back with one hammer, and then flashed away and slaughtered towards Qin Feng.

At the same moment, Xiao Luan'er turned into a golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body

click! click! click!

In just an instant, Qin Feng completed the psychic integration, and his momentum suddenly reached 346,000 stars.

Before all this was over, he held another seal in his hand, and two auras lit up in his body one after another.

After that, his momentum skyrocketed!

[Faith sacrifice is activated! You have temporarily obtained 50% of the combat power of the dark messenger Qiyue! 】

[Faith sacrifice is activated! You have temporarily obtained 50% of the battle power of the death messenger Feng Xi! 】

It turned out that he launched the sacrifice of faith again

Qiyue and the two were in the zero-degree space in his body, and they borrowed half of their combat power in an instant and superimposed it on Qin Feng.

At that moment, Qin Feng's combat power soared to 416,000 stars!

For all these changes, Juli God knows nothing.

In the blink of an eye, he 910 killed him and smashed Qin Feng with a savage hammer!

boom!

The giant hammer that reached the sky, carrying the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, smashed down wildly

click! click! click!

Where Hammer Wind passed, all the space was like a piece of paper, all shattered!

The power is terrifying!

Not far away, the nine powerhouses were horrified, and they secretly thought what a powerful hammer!

Qin Feng, who is only in the prefecture-level realm, will inevitably be blasted by this hammer, thus ending this round of chance trip.

Even better, there are many treasures on this kid.

Juli God is about to make a fortune!

Thinking of this, the eyes of the nine powerhouses showed envy!

At this moment, Qin Feng copied it with his hand, and the Blade of God-Defying God was in his hand!

hum!

The Divine Sword was born, and the golden light is generous!

Human-machine integration, completed in an instant!

Boom!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed to 461,000 stars!

click! click! click!

At this moment, the giant hammer that reached the sky smashed down, hitting the top of Qin Feng's head.

Swish!

Qin Feng takes action!

Knife light flashed!

The God-defying blade soared into the sky and met the giant hammer that reached the sky!

At that moment, the power of six attacking laws, such as the law of opening the sky, the law of destruction, the law of killing, the law of extreme sun, the law of blood, and the law of death, were superimposed on the divine sword in an instant!

The comprehensive power of that knife suddenly reached more than 500,000 stars.

when!

In just a moment, the knife and hammer collided!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Sound waves sway!

The shock was huge, and the space was broken every inch!

The powerhouses were also shocked to the point where their eardrums hurt!

In the next second, Juli God screamed in agony, vomited blood after being slashed by a knife and flew out...

boom!

This time, the nine powerhouses were dumbfounded, and they all stared at the boss!

Omg!

Qin Feng smashed Juli with one knife!

This... how is this possible? !

The strong men exclaimed in their hearts!

They can't believe the facts in front of them!

This is all too shocking!

boom!

Another huge muffled sound!

Juli God fell to the ground, and the ground cracked, the boulders flew, and the entire temple was shaking.

The nine people looked dumbfounded again!

Even the five-headed Jiao Ling was stunned!

The atmosphere in the field froze in an instant!

Everyone and Jiao Ling looked at Qin Feng in horror, with fear in their eyes...

And Qin Feng stood proudly in the sky, his clothes fluttering, like a **** of war coming to the world, his momentum is overwhelming!

"Wow!"

At this moment, the giant **** of power struggled to get up, and couldn't help spurting a mouthful of blood...

Everyone was alarmed, and they turned their heads to look, they saw blood hanging from the corner of Juli God's mouth, his expression was very sluggish, and his momentum plummeted a lot!

Obviously, he was hit hard by Qin Feng, and his strength plummeted a lot.

At this moment, he looked up with difficulty and looked at Qin Feng in disbelief.

Isn't this kid just at the Earth level?

Why so strong!

Even a leader like him in the early stage of demigods couldn't resist this kid's knife!

damn it!

How could he lose to such a thief!

Juli God roared in his heart, and a blue aura lit up on his body!

At this moment, he activated his Wood Element Law talent and was quickly repairing his injury!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Wood Element Law Talent!

But one of his trump cards!

No matter how many injuries he suffered, he could recover instantly.

So, he doesn't care about his injury.

What he cares about is that he can't even take a face-to-face with Qin Feng, what a shame!

However, he has the wood element talent in hand.

Qin Feng wants to kill him, it is absolutely impossible!

Unless Qin Feng has the ability to kill him in seconds!

Unfortunately, Qin Feng has not yet!

Therefore, he and the big deal two people have been exhausted, until the end of this round of chance competition, no one will even think about scoring!

what! wrong!

Juli God suddenly discovered that no matter how much he urged the law of wood to heal his injuries, his injuries would not recover at all.

Afterwards, he sensed in horror that the knife Qi that Qin Feng had attacked into his body contained a terrifying law of death, which completely suppressed the recovery of his injury!

The law of death!

One of the strongest laws of S-rank!

And this rule just restrained his trump card.

Omg!

This kid has mastered such a powerful law!

At this moment, Juli God finally revealed the color of fear.

Swish!

It was at this moment that a gust of wind suddenly hit the face!

Juli God raised his head in horror, and saw a Jiao Ling slaughtered towards him.

That is the Jiao Ling that was entangled with before!

At this moment, when Jiao Ling saw that he was injured, his eyes were red and he came to kill him.

Jiao Ling's intelligence is not high, but he is extremely vengeful.

It was this human with a giant hammer, and the previous one pressed against it.

Now, this human being is injured, how can it let it go?

That must be revenge!

Finally, Qin Feng, the human who suddenly appeared behind, doesn't seem to have made a move against it, so of course it is not the first target!

Swish!

In the blink of an eye, Jiao Ling had already killed it, and slapped Juli God's chest with one claw.

In the panic, Juli God swung his hammer to resist!

boom!

A muffled sound!