Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Juli God groaned, and was slammed back by that claw!

In this face-to-face, he actually fell behind!

Everyone was amazed!

You must know that Juli God has always had the upper hand before, but now he has fallen behind. Obviously, he was hit hard by Qin Feng, and his strength has dropped so much that he is even worse than Jiao Ling.

Ow!

A dragon roar!

Jiao Ling was excited, and slaughtered at Juli God again.

The God of Power is extremely embarrassed!

But he couldn't recover from his injuries, and naturally his combat power couldn't recover.

Swish!

At this time, Qin Feng dodged and slaughtered towards Juli God!

Juli God's face changed greatly!

Before Qin Feng could kill him, he roared anxiously: "Everyone! Hurry up! Hurry up and save me! I'll join forces to deal with this kid!"

boom!

The strong men were shocked!

Wake up instantly!

right!

As the so-called lip dead teeth cold!

If something goes wrong with Juli God, it will be their turn next!

They have to save Julius!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At the moment, the nine strong men rushed to Qin Feng, trying to stop Qin Feng.

Ow! Ow! Ow!

But at this moment, the dragon roared again and again in the field!

The four Flood Dragon Spirits that had been besieged by them also reacted at this moment and slaughtered one of them one after another.

These **** humans!

They have been besieging them together before, but now they want to leave, how is that possible? !

They will never let him go!

The vengeful nature makes those Jiaolings extremely revengeful!

Suddenly, the four Jiao Ling stopped the four players!

The two sides battle it out!

One-on-one, the four-headed Flood Dragon actually had the upper hand!

At the same moment, the other five powerhouses rushed to Qin Feng's front, and they all shot...

boom! boom! boom!

In an instant, the five powerhouses did their best to make a move, and they did not dare to hold back.

call out!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air!

boom! boom! boom!

The attacks of the five powerhouses were all thrown into the air.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared behind Juli God out of thin air.

"Damn!"

The giant **** roared in horror!

Space talent!

This little thief has also mastered a rare spatial talent!

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng suddenly split into two, and the body of the two figures was instantly displayed, and the body of yin and yang appeared.

In the next second, the polar yang body and the polar negative body shot at the same time!

Swish! Swish!

Two consecutive knife lights flashed!

Two imposing manners, soaring into the sky!

Qin Feng's body of two instruments is equivalent to double the strength in an instant. This time, two attacks are shot, and the Juli God is instantly locked.

The giant **** was so frightened that his face turned pale!

He couldn't bear Qin Feng's knife!

Not to mention that two knives attacked together!

What's more, his strength has plummeted, and he can't bear it at all!

At that moment, he wanted to dodge away!

But at this moment, the eyes of Jiyang's body lit up with silver light!

The soul destroying pupil was instantly displayed, and an invisible soul thorn blasted into the sea of ​​consciousness of the giant god, and bombarded his soul body fiercely.

Juli God groaned suddenly, and had a brief absence.

In just a moment, he regained consciousness!

But at this moment, the attack of the polar yang body and the polar negative body has already fallen...

In addition, the oncoming Jiao Ling also killed, and slapped him fiercely with a claw...

At this moment, Juli God is equivalent to being besieged by the extreme yang body, the extreme yin body, and the Jiao Ling...

He didn't even have time to dodge!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Three attacks fell at the same time!

boom! boom! boom!

Three consecutive loud bangs!

The sky is broken!

With a shrill scream, Juli God was blasted on the spot, and then transformed into starlight that slowly dissipated!

So far, Juli God has been killed!

Everyone in the field was dumbfounded again, and looked at Qin Feng's two main bodies one by one in horror, and their eyes were full of horror.

Oh my God!

This kid is so awesome!

He could even be split into two, and his strength doubled again!

What's more terrifying is that he has killed the strongest God of Strength.

Next, their situation is not good!

At the same time, the Jiao Ling who joined forces with Qin Feng also looked at the place where Juli God fell in amazement.

Then, it looked up at Qin Feng's two main bodies, and there was a hint of panic in its eyes.

The next second, it turned around and slaughtered the other players!

This Jiao Ling is actually bullying the soft and afraid of the hard!

It knew that Qin Feng's strength was terrifying, and he didn't dare to fight with him, so he went to find trouble with other players.

Suddenly, a player was entangled by it, and the two sides fought.

In this way, the five players in the field were entangled by the five-headed Jiao Ling, and they were fighting under pressure.

Only four players remained on the spot, feeling a little overwhelmed.

At the same moment, the corpse of Juli completely disappeared, leaving behind a quasi-ninth-order giant hammer, an eighth-order elixir, and an eighth-order **** card...

The harvest of killing the giant **** is not small, and a giant hammer of the quasi-ninth order is of amazing value.

At the moment, Jiyang body happily put away the combat power.

Then, the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body killed the four overwhelmed powerhouses.

With the movement of the two sides, the two main bodies had the absolute upper hand, frantically pressing down on the four and slashing wildly.

boom! boom! boom!

Suddenly, explosions continued in the field!

The two sides killed in the dark!

What is surprising is that Qin Feng and the five-headed Jiaoling were formed inadvertently in the field, and they were teaming up to deal with the nine powerhouses.

As soon as the two sides started, Qin Feng's side had the absolute upper hand, killing the other side with screams and screams.

In this temple, the God of Giant Power is the most difficult to kill.

Now, Juli God has been destroyed, and the other nine people are naturally vulnerable.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to unite with the five-headed Jiao Ling to kill the nine early stage demigods, and exploded the treasures of the eighth-order and quasi-ninth-order...

Qin Feng is delighted!

The anode body and the cathode body began to collect loot.

But at this moment, the five-headed flood dragons in the field all looked at the two main bodies with bad expressions.

Chapter 459: Chance and Strength! Go hand in hand!

At this moment, the atmosphere in the field is a bit tense!

All the Jiaolings stared coldly at the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body.

Although they are afraid of Qin Feng, their mission is to kill any human who enters the temple!

No matter how strong Qin Feng is, they will still take action, and they will be reckless.

What's more, if the five of them join forces, they won't necessarily lose!

Thinking of this, the killing intent in the eyes of the Jiao Ling became stronger and stronger.

The polar yang and polar yin bodies are calm,

Having said that, after the fierce battle just now, the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body were unscathed.

The five Flood Dragon Spirits suffered some injuries on their bodies under the dying counterattacks of the demigod powerhouses, and their momentum dropped a lot.

Ow!

Suddenly, a shocking dragon roar!

The whole temple is shaking!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Boom!

In the next second, a Jiao Ling took the lead to slaughter the body of Jiyang!

The monstrous weather was rolling in, causing the sky and the earth to churn. The space trembled for it!

In the blink of an eye, the Flood Dragon came to the front!

Ji Yang's body sneered, his eyes suddenly lit up with silver light, and the soul-destroying pupil instantly activated

call out!