Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

An invisible soul thorn shot out instantly!

boom!

That soul thorn was savagely on Jiao Ling's soul body!

Roar!

Jiao Ling shuddered and let out an extremely painful roar!

Soul thorn attack!

There is no defense!

Domineering!

If you want to resist, you can only rely on the strength of the soul to support it.

After the scream, Jiao Ling's aura plummeted a lot, and even his body was about to collapse!

"Hey! This is..."

Ji Yang's body's eyes lit up, revealing the color of ecstasy.

He seems to have discovered the weakness of Jiao Ling!

That is Jiao Ling's soul body is too fragile!

Perhaps, its soul body barely reached the threshold level of the demigod realm, so it could not withstand the attack of that soul thorn!

This is far from its strength!

Its strength is at the 300,000-star level, which is considered an average strength in the initial stage of a demigod.

Even compared with the previous demigod early stage players, the soul power is still a lot different.

Before, Ji Yang used the soul thorn to attack, and most of those players were absent for a while, and it was rare for their momentum to drop.

From this, it can be seen that Jiao Ling has two major weaknesses.

One is that the intellect is not high, and the other is that the soul is too weak.

Thinking about it, they are just created by heaven to test the players, and it is impossible to create anything smart.

And low-intelligence creatures often have less powerful souls!

While you are sick! kill you!

Just taking advantage of that Flood Dragon, the momentum plummeted, and the sanity was lost for a moment, Ji Yang's body raised the knife and fell!

puff!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Before the Jiao Ling could even react, it was split into two halves!

In the next second, his body shattered inch by inch, turned into a sky full of stars, and disappeared...

Immediately afterwards, a white light flew out of those starlights and poured into the body of the polar body...

[You succeeded in killing the Jiao Ling, and you obtained +1 billion energy points, +300 million judgment points, and +3 holy land points. 】

[You succeeded in killing the Jiao Ling, and a 'Holy Land Divine Essence' burst out...]

The anode body is rejoicing again!

Ha ha!

It's really cool to kill this Jiao Ling!

Points alone are 3 points!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It also provides 1 billion energy points and 300 million judgment points, which is extremely impressive!

What's even better is that it directly exploded a Holy Land Divine Essence, that was a chance!

At the moment, Jiyang's body is comfortable to pick up Divine Essence

On the other side, the four-headed Jiao Ling was dumbfounded by this scene!

They also didn't expect that the Jiao Ling was beheaded in the hands of Ji Yang's body, without even being able to meet two faces.

In other words, it is much easier for Jiyang to kill them than to kill those players!

It was at this moment that Ji Yang's body had already accepted the Divine Essence.

Ow! Ow! Ow!

Only then did the four-headed Jiaoling wake up, and immediately slaughtered towards Jiyang's body.

"Haha! Just in time!"

Ji Yang's body laughed loudly and took the initiative to face it.

The very negative body is also shot at the same time!

The two sides battle it out!

boom! boom! boom!

Suddenly, the killing in the field was earth-shattering, the temple trembled, the space shattered, like the destruction of the world!

Qin Feng's two main bodies frequently cast the soul-killing pupils, killing four Jiaolings with miserable roars, and they were defeated one after another!

Click! Click! Click!

The blood in the field shot again and again!

Terrible roars, one after another!

In just a moment, all four Flood Dragon Spirits were beheaded!

[You succeeded in killing the Jiao Ling, you obtained +1 billion energy points, +300 million judgment points, +3 holy land points, and a 'holy land divine essence' exploded...]

[You succeeded in killing the Jiao Ling, you obtained +1 billion energy points, +300 million judgment points, +3 holy land points, and a 'holy land divine essence' exploded...]

[You succeeded in killing the Jiao Ling, you obtained +1 billion energy points, +300 million judgment points, +3 holy land points, and a 'holy land divine essence' exploded...]

Immediately afterwards, four white lights flocked to the two main bodies.

Qin Feng's energy value, judgment value, and holy land points are all skyrocketing!

After a while, an upgraded white light lit up on the bodies of the two main bodies at the same time.

[You have been promoted to level 28 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

Cool!

The vocation has been upgraded to another level!

This thought came to me, and the two main bodies lit up with white light again.

【Your level has been promoted to level 41! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

The anode body and the cathode body smiled again!

Their level has also been upgraded!

But at this moment, an upgraded white light lit up in their bodies!

That's why Xiao Luan'er has also been upgraded.

Now, that little guy is level 36.

I don't know if the little guy hopes to sprint to level 40 after this round?

If the sprint is successful, Qin Feng will be able to take her next time to participate in the Tianwu assessment and be promoted to the heavenly realm...

At this moment, all the players and Jiao Ling in the temple were killed!

The polar yang body and the polar negative body meet and smile!

Then, Ji Yang's body began to collect the spoils.

Looking at the quasi-ninth-order and eighth-order treasures all over the ground, he was extremely happy...

However, the very yin body dodged, came to the corner of the temple, and summoned Qiyue.

"Owner!"

As soon as Qi Yue appeared, she quickly looked at the audience.

When she saw that there was no one in the hall, there were only treasures all over the ground, and Ji Yang's body was picking up the spoils, she instantly understood what was going on.

There was a look of joy on her face!

"Master, you are really amazing! Kill them all so quickly!"

Jiyin's body smiled: "It's not too fast! Just after such a toss, half an hour has passed. Now the game is over, there are still two hours. We have to hurry up! Yue'er, release the time force field. Bar!"

"Um!"

Qiyue nodded obediently.

hum!

In the next second, she exerted a time force field, covering the entire temple in an instant.

call!

The very yin body finally breathed a sigh of relief, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face.

With this time force field, he still has 20 hours of game time, and he can harvest a lot of opportunities...

Next, he sat cross-legged directly, and when he turned his hand, six divine pills appeared in the palm of his hand.

Five of them were high-level soul essence pills, which he got from killing those players.

The other one is the ninth-rank low-grade divine pill—the divine soul pill!

He is ready to refine these divine pills.

"Hey! Master, aren't you going to kill the Spirit of the Holy Land with Ji Yang's body?"

Qi Yue was a little puzzled when she saw this scene.

It stands to reason that the dragon spirits in this temple are extremely powerful, and all of them are in the early stage of demigods.

The five heads joined forces, and their comprehensive strength was approaching the mid-term threshold of the demigods.

The master's two main bodies join forces, and the hunt will be faster!

Looking at the owner's behavior, it seems that he is going to let only the extreme yang body hunt and kill, and the extreme yin body will continue to refine the magic pill to improve its strength...

Is this arrangement unreasonable?

Seeing Qiyue's doubts, the very yin body smiled.

"When I just killed the flood dragons, I discovered one of their weaknesses. That is, their soul bodies are very weak. Therefore, the Jiyang body uses the soul-killing pupil to deal with those flood spirits, which can be easily handled. At least, as I expected. easy."

"In this case, I might as well let Ji Yang's body hunt and kill alone, and I will continue to refine these medicinal pills to increase the strength of the soul body."

"The stronger my soul body, the stronger the power of the soul destroying pupil. The faster the extreme yang body kills the dragon spirit! This is a virtuous circle!"

"If my estimate is not bad, it would be more appropriate for me to use this method to kill the Jiao Ling than the original plan. Besides, I also urgently need to improve my strength."

"In this competition area, there are too many people who are better than me, and there are more people who are jealous of me. Now, I can't even deal with many mid-stage demigods, let alone the peak demigods."

"And in this area, there are nearly 200 strong people at the peak of the light demigod. If I don't improve my strength, the next chance matches will not be as easy as it is now!"