After analyzing the pros and cons, Qi Yue nodded again and again.

"right!"

"By the way, little girl, take advantage of this gap, and hurry up to refine some Divine Essence to improve your strength!"

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Hee hee! Master, Yue'er has this idea!"

At the moment, Qi Yue sat cross-legged, took out a Divine Essence, and prepared to refine...

Although she is in a state of sacrifice, her combat power has dropped by half, but this does not affect her refining Divine Essence.

Besides, she doesn't have to fight.

In this case, she is staring at her like this, it is better to improve her strength quickly...

What's more, her strength is indeed too weak and needs to be improved urgently...

Just like that, Qiyue opened her mouth and took a breath, then swallowed the divine essence in her hand, then closed her eyes and meditated, and began refining...

Seeing this scene, the very yin body smiled slightly and was quite relieved.

Qiyue is his dark messenger!

The stronger Qiyue's strength is, the more battle power he will sacrifice to him.

He naturally hopes that Qi Yue's strength can become stronger.

correct!

There is another Fengxi!

Thinking of this, the very yin body summoned Feng Xi again.

As soon as Feng Xi saw the extreme yin body, she smiled.

She was originally beautiful, and when she smiled, it made everything pale, and it was pleasing to the eye.

Jiyin's body didn't say much, and told her to meditate on the side. Like Qiyue, hurry up and refine Divine Essence.

Feng Xi obeyed obediently, and hurriedly meditated to refine Divine Essence...

Seeing this, the very yin body once again showed a gratified color.

After dealing with these trivial matters, the extreme yin body took a breath, swallowed a high-level soul essence pill, and began to refine it.

At the same time, there was a loud fight in the center of the hall.

It turned out that there were five more flooded dragons in the temple!

At this moment, Jiyang's body is fighting five-headed Jiao Ling with one enemy and five.

With the help of Soul Extinguishing Eye, Ji Yang's body was completely crushed, pressing the five-headed Jiao Ling to fight, only to kill the five-head Jiao Ling's miserable roar again and again.

According to this development, within half an hour of the polar body itself, the five-headed Jiao Ling can be killed.

Converted to outside time, it is only 3 minutes.

That is to say, within three minutes, he can get 15 points and 5 Holy Land Divine Essence.

For those contestants, this is simply terrifying and unimaginable!

But all of this is just the beginning!

As the extreme yin body refines the divine pill and its strength continues to increase, the speed at which the extreme yang body can kill the five-headed flood dragon will only get faster and faster.

The speed at which Qin Feng can obtain points and divine essence is getting faster and faster.

In a word, Qin Feng's operation has allowed him to improve his strength and earn opportunities, which can go hand in hand, which is very comfortable!

Chapter 460 Crazy harvest! Points bursting!

At the same time, in the peak area of ​​the demigod, No. 9 challenged the temple.

Two stalwart figures stood in the air.

One of them had white hair and beard, and he was Taixu Old Ancestor who ranked second in the first round!

The other person, with a refined temperament and a dignified expression, is the third-ranked Jinshen!

Surprisingly, the No. 9 temple was empty, only the two of them.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

In fact, there were originally ten players here.

The other eight demigod peak powerhouses were killed by Taixu Ancestor and Jinshen, and they were directly kicked out of the Challenge Temple, interrupting the chance.

At this moment, both of them were smiling and seemed to be in a good mood.

"Brother Jinshen, it's been an hour since the game, and the old man has earned 24 points. How are your results?"

Ancestor Taixu smiled and asked.

Jinshen sighed: "Brother is still better! I only have 21 points at the moment."

Old Ancestor Taixu laughed loudly: "Haha! Brother, don't be discouraged! You and I are both good at fighting over tiers. In this round of chance competition, the results will definitely not be bad."

"To be honest, in an hour, if one person can defeat three Holy Land Spirits of the same rank, and get 3 points, that's an absolute fighting powerhouse. My brother scored 21 points, and he is definitely the powerhouse among the powerhouses!"

Ancestor Taixu stroked his beard and smiled.

Jin Shen also laughed!

He knew that what Taixu ancestor said was true.

Fighting over the top is not something everyone can do.

After this round of competition, I am afraid that most people's points are below 3 points, and even many people have 0 points.

Of course, there will be negative points.

For example, the eight demigod peak powerhouses before were killed by him and Taixu Ancestor, and all of them scored negative 5 points.

It can be seen that in this round of talent competition, it is not necessarily strong to score points.

Thinking of this, Jin Shen smiled and said: "Brother, if you say that, your grades and mine should not be too bad!"

"Haha! That's of course! With your strength and my strength, facing those spirits of the Holy Land, I just feel that it is not enough to kill, not impossible to kill. It is precisely because of this that you and I killed the other eight people, lest others steal the monsters."

"It can be seen that you and I have performed to the extreme in this opportunity. If I can get the first place in this round, my brother must be the second place!"

Ancestor Taixu's eyes were full of confidence.

"Second place?!"

Jin Shen took a deep breath and looked into the distance.

Afterwards, he sighed: "Brother, I was only third in the last round. It's not easy for me to take the second place in this round! If nothing else, Qin Feng alone is a big obstacle! He In the first round, the points are 42 points more than me!"

"According to the rules of this Holy Land, this ranking is a combination of two rounds of points. If I want to surpass Qin Feng, this round must be 42 points more than Qin Feng, then it is possible!"

Having said that, Jin Shen looked worried.

Old Ancestor Taixu didn't take it seriously and said: "Brother, that Qin Feng can get so many points in the first round, obviously he used cheating methods. Otherwise, you think a prefecture-level realm can get 93 points in the first round. ?"

"With your combat power, I only got fifty points in the first round. How can Qin Feng get such high points? Unless his combat power can reach the level of False God, but That is impossible!"

"It can be seen that he cheated in the first round. But in this second round, it is not easy for him to cheat again. Besides, it is hard to say whether he has the ability to leapfrog! able to fight beyond the ranks.”

Jinshen's eyes lit up: "That makes sense!"

Old Ancestor Taixu said proudly: "If I want to see this old man, that kid may be able to enter the top 100 by relying on his own income. But if he wants to enter the top three, it will not be easy."

"For example, brother, you can get 21 points in an hour. If you get down to three hours, you will get at least 60 or 70 points. It's a sure thing to beat him."

Jin Shen smiled and said, "I hope so!"

It was at this moment that the space in front of him fluctuated, and five figures with three heads and six arms, with a height of 100 meters, appeared out of thin air.

The Spirit of the Holy Land in the temple has been refreshed again.

"Brother, the devil has appeared!"

"Brother! Let's compare it again and see whether you killed more or I killed more this time!"

"OK!"

Immediately, the two laughed and slaughtered the five-headed demon.

It seems that after the enlightenment of Taixu ancestors, Jinshen's expression has become more confident.

As if this time the second place, he must be able to achieve.

Not to mention Old Ancestor Taixu, from the beginning to the end, he felt that he could take the first place firmly this time.

In fact, he didn't get the first place in the first round, and he was very angry, secretly angered Qin Feng for cheating and robbed him of the first place.

This time, he will definitely regain the first place.

The two did not know that at this moment, Qin Feng's points had reached 256 points, far exceeding them.

In other words, they don't even get one-tenth of Qin Feng's.

Moreover, this gap will continue to widen.

In fact, not to mention Qin Feng, even Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er got 20 points, which is almost the same as them.

Step-by-step challenge is the strongest item of Qin Feng's four!

The challenge rules for this round were simply set for Qin Feng and the others.

The final result will definitely be amazing!

At the same time, in the initial stage of the demigod, No. 7 challenged the temple.

Qin Feng's polar body and the five dragon spirits were killed in darkness.

It didn't take long for him to kill three flood dragons in a row, harvesting a lot of energy and judgment, as well as three divine essences.

On the other side, the eyes of the extreme yin body are slightly closed, the whole body is lit up with red light, and the momentum of its soul body is soaring all the way.

He is working hard to refine the high-level soul essence pill, and reminders keep coming from his mind.

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, the strength of the soul body has been improved, and the combat power has increased by 30 stars]

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, the strength of the soul body has been improved, and the combat power has increased by 32 stars]

[Your soul body has absorbed a lot of soul essence, the strength of the soul body has been improved, and the combat power has increased by 31 stars]

In this way, Qin Feng's two main bodies are divided and cooperated, and everything is in order.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, 18 minutes passed by the outside world.

Three hours have passed in this Temple No. 7.

In the past three hours, Feng Xi refined five divine essences, and her strength finally broke through to the peak of the sky.

At this moment, she opened her eyes from the meditation with joy on her face.

This time, her strength has broken through to the peak of the sky level, and she has mastered two types of S-level talents. Compared with the players outside, her overall strength is no longer the weakest.

Some top-level players are not necessarily her opponents.

What's even better is that after her strength has soared, her master has also gained more power to feed back.

Feng Xi is feeling delighted, the mutation in the field regenerates!

hum!

There was only a clear sound, which came from the body of the extreme yin body on the side.

Afterwards, the body of the extreme yin lit up with purple light, illuminating thousands of feet, one after another, and the momentum was shocking!

Feng Xi's eyes lit up, and she quickly looked at the body of the extreme yin in surprise.

At the same moment, the reminder of the Heavenly Dao also sounded in the mind of the extremely yin body.

[Refining Divine Soul Pill is complete! Congratulations, your soul body strength has been upgraded to the mid-level of the demigod realm! 】

【The strength of your soul body is greatly improved! Your basic combat power is increased to 300,000 stars]

【The strength of your soul body is greatly improved! The range of the ninth-order skill 'Spiritual Consciousness' is extended to a radius of 30,000 miles. 】

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! The power of your ‘Soul Destruction Eye’ will be greatly improved, from the ninth-rank low-grade to the ninth-rank mid-grade. 】…

After a while, all the visions dissipated!