Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The extremely yin body opened his eyes in ecstasy!

After three hours, he refined five high-level soul essence pills and one divine soul pill, and finally raised his soul body to the mid-level demigod.

This huge transformation of the strength of the soul body also made his basic combat power skyrocket, reaching 300,000 stars in one fell swoop!

"Master, has your soul body advanced?"

Feng Xi asked in surprise, her eyes filled with anticipation.

The very negative body smiled and nodded.

At this moment, there were several screams in succession from the front.

Feng Xi hurriedly turned her head to look, and saw Ji Yang's body beheaded three-headed Jiao Ling with one sword in a row.

In the next second, the body of the polar yang and the body of the polar yin lit up with white light at the same time.

[You have been promoted to level 29 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

The very negative body smiles again!

This round of opportunities is so powerful!

It is simply a holy place to harvest judgment value!

His vocation has been upgraded again!

It was at this moment that Qiyue, who was beside him, was soaring all the way, from the peak of the eighth level to the early stage of the ninth level in a blink of an eye.

After a while, the little girl also opened her eyes in ecstasy.

Ji Yin and Feng Xi also looked at her with joy.

"Master, my strength has finally reached the ninth level of heaven!"

As soon as Qi Yue opened her eyes, she said excitedly.

"Yes, Not Bad!"

The very negative body nodded in relief.

This time in retreat, not only his strength has improved greatly, but also Feng Xi and Qi Yue have improved greatly!

call out!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of the three of them, and Ji Yang's body teleported over.

In the next second, Ji Yang's body picked up a seal, and the psychic integration was released.

As soon as Xiao Luan'er appeared, she looked around curiously.

Afterwards, she looked at herself again, and was pleasantly surprised: "Hey! Dad, I have risen to level 37, and my combat power has also risen to the peak of the ninth level!"

Xiao Luan's surprise!

Ji Yang's body smiled: "Yeah! You, together with Yue'er and Feng Xi, go to retreat and refine the divine essence!"

Xiao Luan'er was surprised: "Dad, aren't you and me psychic? In this way, your overall strength will plummet, which is not good for you to kill the spirit of the Holy Land!"

Ji Yang's main body smiled and said: "My soul body strength has broken through to the middle stage of demigods. Even if I don't fit in now, killing those flood spirits is easy, even faster than before!"

"Besides, although you and I are not psychic, we can perform the sacrifice of faith. It's just that the combat power you feed back to me will drop slightly, but it won't get in the way. It's better for you to do so!"

It turned out that Qin Feng had signed a sacrifice contract with Xiao Luan'er, just to be able to use it when necessary.

besides. The anode body did not say a word.

That is, even if he is not psychic, the speed of killing monsters has been shortened from the original 30 minutes to 20 minutes.

Changed to the outside time, that is 2 minutes.

In other words, he can get 15 points and 5 Holy Land Divine Essence for 2 points.

If those players know this, they will definitely be shocked and doubt their lives!

What's even better is that he has reached 405 points in this round, which is far more than all the players.

The highest points for other players are less than 40 points.

Because of this, Qin 5.4 Feng had a plan in his heart.

That is the first place in points this time, he should have no suspense.

What about the second, third, and fourth places in this score?

He can't leave it to others either!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body glanced at Feng Xi's three girls, and showed a meaningful smile.

However, after explaining the body of Jiyang, Xiao Luan'er understood.

Immediately, she sat down happily and joined the ranks of refining Divine Essence.

Ji Yang's body also performed the sacrifice of faith, and absorbed half of the combat power from Xiao Luan'er.

At this moment, white light flashed in the center of the temple, and five flooded dragon spirits appeared.

Ji Yang's main body flashed and killed the five-headed flood dragon.

Feng Xi's three daughters didn't dare to waste time, they took out their divine essence and started refining.

The palm of the extremely yin body turned over, and a white divine pill appeared in the palm.

[Spiritual Essence Pill: Ninth-Order Middle Grade Spirit Pill]

[Reminder: After refining, the power of blood marrow can be greatly strengthened, so as to more effectively stimulate the power of blood, and extend the powerful blood-forming ability, as well as the power of refining blood. 】

[Reminder: This pill is more effective for bloodline talents! 】

Seeing this, the eyes of the extremely negative body were fiery.

This is a ninth-rank mid-grade elixir, and he is also a bloodline talent, so the effect must be excellent!

He now desperately wants to improve his strength.

This Divine Marrow Pill should make his strength soar.

Thinking of this, the very yin body opened his mouth and took a breath, and swallowed the spirit pill.

Chapter 461: The ninth-order reincarnation seal

After swallowing it, the Divine Marrow Pill immediately turned into strands of cool energy, which flowed to the limbs and bones of the extremely yin body.

Then it slowly penetrated into his whole body bones, and then into the bone marrow, and began to slowly strengthen his whole body bone marrow

For a while, the momentum of the extremely negative body rose again.

The effect of the Divine Marrow Pill is extremely powerful!

The very negative body's eyes are delighted.

Afterwards, he closed his eyes in a comfortable mood and began to refine the Divine Marrow Pill with all his strength.

At this moment, the Holy Land has been opened, and it has been three hours before and after.

During this period of time, something happened in the Blue Star Realm, the first division.

In the first competition area, in the sixth area, there is a guard force station in the sky.

The Yueling clone was looking down at the bottom with a look of joy.

I saw below, more than 7,000 Phoenix Clan disciples were cleaning up the battlefield, all with happy faces.

And Granny Feng Qi was standing beside Yueling clone, her eyes were full of respect.

"Master, the battlefield of the Xiao Clan is almost cleared!"

Feng Qi's mother-in-law reported respectfully, her brows hard to hide her joy.

After this battle, the Phoenix clan has benefited a lot, and everyone has gained a lot of attribute points, and their strength has risen sharply.

Even her strength has increased a lot, and has reached the sixth level of heaven.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This also made her feel more and more the benefits of being a challenging force.

Before the curse was broken, the Phoenix clan would not gain any benefit from killing the guardian forces, and even the level would be stuck below level 42, unable to advance an inch.

After listening to the report, Yueling's clone nodded in relief.

In the past three hours, the three-way army of Longyuan has achieved a lot.

He led seven thousand disciples of the Feng clan and captured the Xiao clan.

The Ice Spirit clone and the Wood Spirit clone also each captured a guardian force.

As a result, Longyuan Town has 26 power sites, but it is still far from the goal of 40.

However, Long Yuan captured these three forces and gained hundreds of thousands of points, which was extremely rewarding.

The Moon Spirit clone visually estimated that the main body should be able to get about 200,000 attributes, but it was suppressed by the rules of heaven, and those energy values ​​and attribute points could not be fed back to the main body.

However, as long as Qin Feng leaves the Holy Land, he will automatically receive a large amount of attribute feedback... 18

This means that as soon as Qin Feng leaves the Holy Land, his strength will skyrocket, which is really wonderful.

"Master, this No. 6 area is the only one left of the Xiao clan. Now that the Xiao clan has been eliminated, we are equivalent to uniting the No. 6 area. Next, are we going to the seventh area?"

Granny Feng Qi respectfully asked.

Yueling's clone looked at Area 9.

"Mr. Feng Qi, the sixth and ninth districts are also bordering, right?"

"Yes!"

"Well, then let's go to District 9!"

Granny Feng Qi was taken aback: "Master, according to the map we got, it would be closer to the No. 7 area. Why do you want to be far away? Besides, there is no guardian force in the No. 9 area, there is only one mysterious force - the Ten Ominous Clan. !"

The Ten Ominous Clan ranks seventh among the top ten mysterious forces, just above the Haoyang Clan.

Yueling's clone smiled slightly: "I'm going to District 9 just for the Ten Fierce Clan!"

Granny Feng Qi's expression changed greatly: "Master, the Ten Ominous Clan is extremely powerful, and its overall strength is much stronger than that of the Haoyang Clan! Rumor has it that the Ten Ominous Clan has ten leaders of the peak of the sky, and they are very good at joining forces."

"With their joint efforts, their comprehensive strength is comparable to the threshold of the demigod realm! With such terrifying strength, I'm afraid that it will only be possible to suppress it if you need your body to come forward in person. But the master's body is in the Holy Land, and he won't be able to come out for a while. of."

Feng Qi's mother-in-law was a little flustered and persuaded again and again.

She was afraid that it was an impulse of Yueling's clone, and she killed the ten evil clan's nest like this, which would be more fortunate than fortunate.

Moon Spirit clone smiled.

This grandma Feng Qi underestimated his strength.

Having said that, after the main body entered the Holy Land this time, the opportunities continued, and the strength was continuously improved, which was extremely powerful.

Today, the basic combat power of the main body has reached 300,000 stars, the power of the foundation is 10,000 stars, and its comprehensive combat power is 310,000 stars.

And the combat power of the clone is 80% of the main body, which is about 250,000 stars, and the initial combat power of the demigod has been properly completed.

With the powerful strength of the Moon Spirit clone, how could he be afraid of the Ten Fierce Clan?

What's more, he has mastered a variety of S-level talents, and his comprehensive strength is more than 250,000 stars.

In today's first division, Xing Gu is the only one who can threaten Qin Feng's four clones.

Xing Gu is a powerhouse in the middle stage of the demigod, and he belongs to the kind that will break through to the middle stage of the demigod soon.

As for the stronger Daokong and Luo Tian, ​​they have already entered the Holy Land.

Of course, the Six Dao Clan and the Da Luo Clan have always been very mysterious. Apart from Daokong and Luo Tian, ​​there may also be mysterious masters.

For these, it is difficult to understand.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone smiled slightly: "Mr. Feng Qi, you don't have to worry! This time, I can deal with the ten leaders of the Ten Fierce Clan by myself without the need to take action."

Hearing this, Granny Feng Qi hesitated.