Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After a while, she said cautiously: "Master, if you really want to go. The old man suggests that you go to the Ten Ominous Clan together with your four avatars, and you will have a better grasp. After all, the ten leaders of the Ten Ominous Clan, really too strong!"

Moon Spirit clone smiled.

He could hear that Granny Feng Qi really cared about her.

However, Granny Feng Qi really underestimated his strength!

To deal with the Ten Fierce Clan, there is really no need for the four avatars to take action together.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

What's more, the Wood Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone have to join forces to deal with the sixth-ranked Dragon Taming Clan.

This trip to the Holy Land allowed Qin Feng to see the possibility of completing the S-level mission within five days.

If the mission is completed within five days, the mission reward will be doubled.

One day has passed now. If Qin Feng wants to get double the reward, he must destroy the top ten mysterious forces in the remaining four days.

In order to speed up the task, the Moon Spirit clone intends to destroy the Ten Ominous Clan in the next step.

The two armies, the Wood Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone, will join forces to destroy the Dragon Taming Clan.

And the sooner these two clans are destroyed, the better it will be for Qin Feng.

Because by destroying these two clans, you can get two heaven-suppressing artifacts.

After Qin Feng entered the Holy Land, many functions of the Tiandao light screen have been restricted from use, only the transaction function can still be used.

If Yueling's clone destroys the Ten Fierce Clan, and gets a divine artifact, he can use the trading function to transfer it to Qin Feng.

That can greatly increase Qin Feng's strength, which is of great help to Qin Feng's trip to the Holy Land.

This is also one of the reasons why the Moon Spirit clone is eager to destroy the Ten Ominous Clan.

"Don't worry, mother-in-law! If I'm not sure, I won't say these words. You leave a hundred people to guard. The rest, go with the deity and kill the ten evil people!"

"The old man understands!"

Seeing that Yueling's avatar was so firm, Granny Feng Qi didn't dare to go against it, and hurriedly took the order and left.

Looking at the back of Granny Feng Qi leaving, Yueling's clone smiled.

His current combat power has reached 250,000 stars, and the strength of his body is still improving.

After he kills the Ten Fierce Clan, I am afraid that the strength will be more than 250,000 stars.

With this in mind, the Yueling clone is full of confidence

In this way, after Yueling's clone issued an order, Granny Feng Qi began to mobilize.

A quarter of an hour later, Yueling's clone led the seven thousand Phoenix clan's disciples and slaughtered the ten fierce clan in a mighty manner.

At the same time, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone also led their armies, and at the same time killed the dragon trainer.

At the same time, the Myriad Spiritual Race resides in the Valley of Ecstasy.

At this time, two figures flew out of the valley.

One of them is the coffin of the Supreme Elder of the Wanling Clan, a peak-level powerhouse.

The other is a white-haired old man who is seven-point similar in appearance to Venerable Soul Shadow.

He is the elder brother of Venerable Soul Shadow - Great Venerable Soul Void, that is, the patriarch of the Wanling Clan.

At this moment, he actually exudes a terrifying divine might.

It turned out that he had already broken through to the demigod realm.

"Elder coffin, how long has Soul Shadow lost contact?"

Soul Void Great Venerable asked in a deep voice.

The coffin took a deep breath and said with some trepidation: "Patriarch Hui, there has been no contact since yesterday until now. In addition, Yetra has also lost contact."

Soul Xu frowned: "Even Ye Dara has disappeared, it seems that this matter is more fortunate than good. Come with me to the blood moon clan station, the deity must find out the truth! Go!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, the two figures flashed and flew towards the Blood Moon Clan.

At the same time, the spies sent by the Xinggu Clan were also rushing towards the Blood Moon Clan.

Now, the people of the ancient Xing clan are only an hour or two away from the blood moon clan.

It's just the blood moon clan's station, and now it's the territory of Longyuan Town.

An alternative group battle is about to start everywhere in the first division.

At the same time, inside the Holy Land.

In the major challenge temples, all the powerhouses are fighting hard against the spirit of the Holy Land.

Before I knew it, another half hour had passed, and half of the time had passed by the chance competition.

In this half hour, Taixu ancestors killed very smoothly, and the points have reached 37 points.

Jinshen also reached 33 points.

At the same time, Qin Feng's points reached a terrifying 717 points.

At this very moment, something was going on in the Demigod Early Stage, Challenge Temple No. 7.

Half an hour has passed from the outside world, and five hours have passed in this Temple No. 7.

At this moment, Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan opened their eyes one after another from the meditation, and their faces showed joy.

In the past five hours, the strength of the three women has soared.

Feng Xi's combat power has reached 100,000 stars,

Xiao Luan'er's combat power skyrocketed to 85,000 stars.

Qi Yueye's combat power also skyrocketed to 65,000 stars.

In this way, they can provide Qin Feng with 125,000 combat power through the sacrifice of faith, which is very impressive!

The three women are also extremely satisfied with these improvements in strength.

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's extremely yin body suddenly erupted, like a volcano, soaring wildly all the way.

The three women hurriedly stopped meditating, and looked at the very yin body in surprise one by one

At the same moment, in the mind of the extremely yin body, the reminder of the heavenly way is echoing

[Refining the Divine Marrow Pill is complete! Your blood marrow is divinely strengthened! 】

[Congratulations on your blood marrow being strengthened by gods! The power of blood in the body is 100% activated! The combat power has increased by 20,000 stars! 】

[Congratulations on your blood marrow being strengthened by gods! Completely activated the power of blood! The power of 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' has been improved, and it has been promoted from the ninth-rank low-grade skill to the ninth-rank middle-grade skill. 】

[Congratulations on your blood marrow being strengthened by gods! Your refining speed of various divine blood will increase tenfold. 】

For a long time, all visions disappeared!

The very yin body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

He finally finished refining the Divine Marrow Pill, his basic combat power soared to 320,000 stars, and his strength increased a lot.

In addition, the power of Tongtian Tyrant Body has also reached the ninth-order mid-level skill level.

Even better, the speed at which he refines various divine blood will increase tenfold in the future.

This is really useful to him!

In his hands, he has 2 groups of high-grade Xuanwu blood essence, 3 groups of high-grade Chaos blood essence, and 3 groups of top-grade True Dragon blood essence of 470.

Refining these blood essences originally took a lot of time.

Now, his blood marrow has been strengthened at the **** level, and the speed of absorbing those **** blood has been accelerated ten times, that is, the refining will be faster.

Thinking of this, the very yin body is full of joy.

"Dad, have you finished refining your Divine Marrow Pill?"

Seeing Jiyin's main body open his eyes, Xiao Luan'er asked with concern.

"Um!"

The very negative body smiled and nodded.

It was at this moment that there were a few more miserable roars of the Jiao Ling from the front.

In the next second, an upgraded white light lit up on the body of the extreme yin.

【Your level has been promoted to level 42! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

The extremely yin body couldn't help but light up, secretly thinking that the rank was finally promoted again.

It is really pleasant to brush monsters in this temple! .

But before he was happy, an upgraded white light flashed on his body again.

[You have been promoted to level 30 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 100 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 100 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 100 points! 】

The cathode body once again showed a happy color.

But then, the upgrade white light lit up on him for the third time.

[Congratulations on reaching the required level, your vocation will be automatically promoted to Senior Judge Master]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Advanced Judgment Master', strength index +3000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Advanced Judge Master', Agility Index +3000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Advanced Judge Master', BMI +3000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Advanced Judgment Master', energy index +3000 points]

Boom!

For a while, the momentum of the polar body body rose all the way again.

Extremely negative body surprises!

In just a while, he increased his attributes by more than 10,000 points, and his strength increased again.

At the same time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Advanced Judge Master', the vocation skill - Faith Sacrifice, has been promoted from the ninth-rank low-rank to the ninth-rank middle-rank, and the sacrifice power has greatly increased. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Advanced Judgment Master' and obtaining the ninth-rank mid-rank vocation skill - Reincarnation Seal. 】

Subsequently, a large amount of information poured into the mind of the extremely yin body.

He closed his eyes involuntarily and digested silently.

After a while, he opened his eyes in surprise.

Chapter 462: Reincarnation Immortal

"Owner!"

"dad!"

As soon as the eyes of the extreme yin body opened, the three girls of Qiyue gathered around curiously.

They want to know what Qin Feng has gained this time.