Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The very yin body turned to look at the three women, and his mind moved

hum! hum! hum!

In the next second, the three girls lit up with golden light.

call out! call out! call out!

Immediately afterwards, three white lights of energy flew out of the three women's bodies, and they poured into the body of the extreme yin body one after another.

Boom!

The combat power of the extreme yin body has soared all the way, and it has skyrocketed by 50,000 stars in an instant.

The anode body and the cathode body are yin and yang reciprocal.

The combat power of the extreme yin body has skyrocketed, and the combat power of the extreme yang body has also skyrocketed by 50,000 stars.

This scene immediately made Feng Xi's three daughters dumbfounded!

They also felt that 70% of the combat energy in their bodies was absorbed by the very yin body, and it was no longer the previous 50%.

"Dad, what's going on?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

The very yin body smiled and said: "I have been promoted to a high-level judgment master, so the power of belief sacrifice has greatly increased, and the combat power drawn from you has increased from 50% to 70%."

As soon as these words fell, the three girls were overjoyed!

Xiao Luan'er even exclaimed: "Wow! Dad, absorbing 70% of the combat power is the same as our psychic integration!"

The very negative body smiled and nodded.

Qi Yue added surprises: "Master, in this way, you don't have to go to the trouble of psychic integration in the future, you can directly perform the sacrifice of faith. Xiao Luan'er can also be freed and deal with some trivial matters."

Feng Xi also smiled and nodded: "Yes! Such a 70% belief sacrifice is stronger than a psychic combination. Our help to the master has also improved a lot."

Xiao Luan'er said happily: "Dad, I will be able to witness your battles in the future. You don't need to be like before, after you merge, your soul body will go into a deep sleep. By the way, Dad, after you become a high-level judge, there are other things you can do. ability?"

"Of course there is!"

The extremely yin body smiled slightly, then broke the blood and started to build a divine seal in the air.

Where his fingertips passed, wisps of fiery red finger blood left behind, floating in the air, emitting a sacred golden light.

Now, Qin Feng's bloodline talent has advanced to SS level, and the blood in his body is already extraordinary, which is very helpful for the hatching of Jumangling eggs.

In just a moment, a divine seal rune composed of blood essence took shape, blooming with golden light, and it also contained the breath of the law of life and the law of death, alternately changing, and endless.

Fengxi's three daughters are very curious!

At this moment, the very yin body's finger was printed, and the divine mark automatically flew to Qiyue's eyebrows...

Boom!

A shocking move!

The law of heaven and earth trembled violently!

The divine seal slowly blended into Qiyue's eyebrows

The little girl couldn't help but closed her eyes and silently felt the power of the Divine Seal.

In just a moment, the divine seal completely melted into Qi Yue's eyebrows and disappeared.

At this moment, the mind of Jiyin body and Qiyue reverberated at the same time with the reminder of Heavenly Dao.

[The reincarnation seal was implanted successfully! Congratulations, you have mastered the ability to infinitely revive the 'Messenger of Darkness'! 】

hum!

At that moment, there was a soul resonance between Jiyin and Qiyue, and the relationship became more intimate.

There was also a lot of information pouring into Qi Yue's mind.

The next second, the very yin body showed a satisfied smile.

[Reincarnation Seal: Ninth-Order Middle Grade, Occupation Skill]

[The high-level judge master can plant a reincarnation seal on the messenger under his command. Since then, if the messenger dies, the master can revive it for an unlimited number of times]

In other words, Qin Feng doesn't have to worry in the future, Qiyue will be killed.

Even if Qiyue is killed, he can revive it an unlimited number of times, just like his four avatars.

In other words, Qiyue is almost immortal in the future.

If you want to kill Qiyue, you must kill Qin Feng first.

It can be seen that this reincarnation is powerful!

At this moment, Qi Yue digested all the information.

She opened her eyes in ecstasy.

"Wow! Master, that reincarnation seal is so strong! So, I'm almost immortal in the future?"

Qi Yue looked excited.

The extremely yin clone smiled and said, "To a certain extent, it is like this. At least if I don't die, you will definitely not die!"

Qiyue rejoices!

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er were both stunned.

"Not dead?"

"Dad, what are you talking about?"

The very yin body smiled and said, "I just planted a reincarnation mark on Qiyue! With this mark, even if Qiyue is killed, I can revive her..."

At the moment, the very negative body was simply explained.

After Feng Xi and the others listened, they were full of surprises.

"Wow! Dad, this reincarnation seal is too powerful! I want it too!"

"Master, please also plant a reincarnation seal for the little girl!"

The very yin body smiled: "This is natural!"

Immediately, he once again broke the blood and blood, and planted the Reincarnation Seal on Feng Xi and the others.

It didn't take long for the reincarnation seal to be implanted.

Both Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi showed joy.

At this moment, in the center of the temple, there was another roar of the Jiao Ling!

The roar continued, full of fear and anger, causing the entire temple to tremble slightly.

Feng Xi's three daughters couldn't help but turn their heads to look, and saw that in the center of the hall, four of the five-headed Jiao Ling had been slaughtered.

The last Jiao Ling was wounded all over, and its limbs were cut off by Ji Yang's body, lying on the ground unable to move, the beast bleeds all over the floor!

It roared in great pain, and even tried to regenerate from a severed limb.

But under the suppression of the law of death, any method of healing and rebirth from severed limbs is ineffective.

Seeing this scene, Feng Xi's three daughters were a little strange, why did Ji Yang's body not kill Jiao Ling, but deliberately abolished it so that it could not move.

At this moment, the extreme yin body raised a seal.

call out!

A light to!

A golden light flew out from the body of the extreme yin body and poured into Qiyue's body.

Boom!

In the next second, Qiyue's momentum skyrocketed, and in a blink of an eye, it returned to a 65,000-star combat power.

The sacrifice of faith between the two is interrupted!

Qi Yue was surprised: "Master, this is you"

Xiao Luan'er didn't understand: "Dad, why did you cut off the sacrifice of faith with Sister Qiyue? If you did this, you lost 30,000 star combat power!"

Jiyin body smiled slightly: "Time is running out, next, we have to change our strategy. Qiyue, that Flood Dragon has been abolished by Jiyang body! You go and kill it now, those 3 points are you yes."

Qi Yue was puzzled: "Master, why do you want me to score?"

Feng Xi was also puzzled: "Yes! Master, wouldn't it be better for you to kill?"

Ji Yin Ontology smiled and said: "My current points are more than 800 points. It is absolutely no problem to win the first place! The reward for the first place must also be mine!"Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Hearing this, Xiao Luan'er said proudly: "Of course! With Dad's points, those guys can't compare at all!"

Qi Yue said with a smile: "Yes! Not everyone has the ability to fight over the higher order. The four of us are good at the higher order, and the master is even more of the higher order. The chance rules of this round tend to be biased. us."

Feng Xi nodded: "According to my estimation, it would be a miracle for those powerhouses to get 100 Holy Land Points in this game. After all, few people can rise above the ranks. Those who have the time force field, Ben The division is none."

Ji Yin Ontology smiled and said, "That's right! We are also lucky. In this area, we haven't seen a second person with a time force field. If it is another safe area, it's hard to say."

"In short, we have the time and force field to help us, and we have taken advantage of two consecutive rounds of opportunities. As you said before, it is a miracle that other strong players can get 100 points in this round."

"In this way, as long as the three of you get 200 points, can't you also enter the top three?"

With this reminder, Feng Xi's three daughters' eyes suddenly lit up.

Immediately, Feng Xi was pleasantly surprised: "Yes! Master, you asked Qi Yue to kill the abandoned Jiao Ling, just to give her points?"

The very yin body nodded: "That's right! The rewards for ranking points are extremely generous. If that's the case, why should we give it to others? This time, the first, second, third, and fourth places should all be is ours!"

"Wow! Dad, you're so smart!"

"Master, this method is indeed feasible!"

The three girls were suddenly overjoyed.

Qi Yue was excited: "Master, Yue'er is going to kill the monsters!"

"Dad, when will I score points?"

Xiao Luan'er couldn't wait.

The extreme yin body smiled and said, "Come on one by one! If everyone lifts the sacrifice together, it will affect the combat power of the extreme yang body! Now you continue to refine your divine essence and improve your strength."

Xiao Luan'er nodded happily: "Dad, I know! Hee hee!"

At the moment, Qiyue flew to the battlefield with joy.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er continued to refine their Divine Essence.

It's just that the hearts of the two girls are already excited.

The very yin body smiled and looked at all this.

boom! boom! boom!

After a while, there was an earth-shattering bombardment from the center of the temple, as well as the roar of the Jiao Ling.

Qiyue has already started to attack that Jiaoling!

Of course, with Qiyue's 65,000-star combat power, even if Jiao Ling couldn't move or defend, she couldn't kill it with one blow.

It takes at least dozens of consecutive bombardments to completely kill it.

However, the cathode body is already very satisfied.

This is the ultimate he can do, and it depends on everyone's efforts.

With Qiyue's time force field present, his plan will surely succeed.

And he should hurry up and deal with his own affairs.

Thinking of this, as soon as the extreme yin body beckoned, eight groups of blood essence appeared in front of him.

2 groups of high-grade Xuanwu blood essence, 3 groups of high-grade Chaos blood essence, 3 groups of top-grade true dragon blood essence.

So much high-quality blood!

Before it was replaced, he would need at least five days and five nights to finish refining.

It is no longer needed now. He has refined the Spiritual Marrow Pill, and the refining speed of blood essence has soared.

Presumably in ten hours, he will be able to refine all of them.