Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In the ten or so hours under the force field at this time, the outside world also passed an hour.

So, his time is enough!

Thinking of this, the very yin body opened its mouth to suck, and swallowed all the eight groups of blood essence.

Eight **** of blood essence entered his throat, and immediately turned into monstrous energy, rushing towards his whole body

Boom!

In the next second, an earth-shattering roar sounded from the body of the extremely yin body!

[You are refining a large amount of the blood of the beast! Your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, your combat power +1031 stars]

[You are refining a large amount of the blood of the beast! Your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, your combat power +1023 stars]

[You are refining a large amount of the blood of the beast! Your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, your combat power +1041 stars]

At this moment, the momentum of the extreme yin body is soaring wildly with the momentum of a volcanic eruption, which is amazing!

Chapter 463 The bloodline is advancing! A powerful enemy is approaching!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, more than an hour passed.

It was only ten minutes away from the end of the second round of opportunities, and everything was coming to an end.

At this moment, in the Holy Land, five or six hundred people have gathered on the No. 73 security zone square.

There were constant complaints and curses in the field!

These are players who fell during the competition and then revived in the safe zone.

Some of them were killed by players, some were killed by the Spirit of the Holy Land, and some were plotted by allies...

No matter what the circumstances are, three precious items will be lost, so these powerhouses have suffered heavy losses.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

This makes them extremely angry!

A lot of grudges have accumulated like this!

Following general Holy Land rules, the third chance is likely to be an open chance.

It's time for revenge! There is a grudge!

Killing each other is inevitable! …

Some people are disappointed and some people are happy.

At this moment, in the pinnacle area of ​​the demigod, in the Temple No. 9.

The ancestors of Taixu and Shen Shen stood in the air, their eyes were full of joy, and their faces were full of spring.

"Brother, how many points have you got?"

Ancestor Taixu asked with a smile.

Jin Shendao: "It's currently 79 points. Where's my brother?"

"Haha! The old man has 86 points more than you."

Old Ancestor Taixu laughed, his tone full of pride.

Jinshen exclaimed: "It's still great brother! With your current points, this time the first place is yours!"

Ancestor Taixu said with a smile: "Brother, your score of 79 points is also a very impressive result. This round will definitely win the second place, which is a step further than the last time."

Jin Shen said with emotion: "I hope so! Now, the only thing I worry about is Qin Feng. After all, he was 40 points higher than us in the last round!"

Old Ancestor Taixu said to himself: "Don't worry! This round, you and I will definitely crush him!"

Only after these words fell, white light flashed in the center of the hall, and five more demons were refreshed.

"Brother, the Spirit of the Holy Land has been refreshed again!"

"Ten minutes left! You and I can kill seven or eight together!"

"Haha! Exactly! Hurry up!"

Immediately, the two of them laughed and killed the demon...

At the same time, in the initial stage of the demigod, No. 7 challenged the temple.

Jiyang's body is watching the battle ahead.

I saw a Jiao Ling with its limbs crippled, crawling on the ground, unable to move, and roaring miserably.

Feng Xi was frantically attacking him.

Today, Feng Xi's combat power has reached 117,000 stars, and almost 923 is close to the peak of the sky.

If you count her mastery of two S-rank talents, she can definitely reach the strength of the sky-level limit.

Among the top players in the sky, they all belong to the top.

In short, her attack power is much stronger than Qiyue.

Under her ten or so violent attacks, the Jiao Ling gave a mournful roar, and it shattered inch by inch, turning into a sky full of stars.

Immediately afterwards, a 'Holy Land Divine Essence' emerged from the starlight.

Then, two white lights flew out of those starlights, one poured into Feng Xi's body, and the other poured into Jiyang's body...

In the next second, an upgraded white light lit up on Jiyang's body.

【Your level has been promoted to level 44! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

Ji Yang's body suddenly showed a smile!

During this period of time, he has risen from level 42 to level 44, and he has gained a lot!

The benefits of upgrading are huge!

It is like participating in the Tianwu assessment, you need to reach the level 40 threshold.

If he wants to break through to the quasi-god realm, there is also a level threshold.

For a moment, the upgraded white light dissipated, and the upgraded white light lit up on him again...

[You have been promoted to a level 35 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 200 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 200 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 200 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 200 points! 】

The anode body smiled again.

The vocation has been upgraded again!

This subtly enhances his strength!

Having said that, in this challenge temple, his vocation upgrades faster.

During this time, his level rose from level 42 to level 44.

The vocation has been upgraded from level 30 to level 34.

"Master, my points have reached 200 points!"

At this moment, Feng Xi walked over happily.

There was a smile on that beautiful face, like a hundred flowers blooming, bright and moving.

"so fast!"

The anode body also revealed joy.

Feng Xi smiled tenderly: "With our realm, we can get 3 points for killing a Jiao Ling, and it's natural to get 200 points. Of course, all this is mainly due to the help of the master."

Feng Xi's tone revealed excitement.

200 points!

Add in her 16 points from the first round, and that's 216 points.

This round, she should be able to take the second place.

When she gets the second prize, she will give it all to the master.

After all, it's all the master's credit!

Besides, the stronger the master is, the more secure she can be.

Now, she has been planted with a Reincarnation Seal by her master.

As long as the master does not die, she will never die.

And in the next opportunity, I am afraid that fighting is inevitable.

In this area, there are a lot of powerhouses in the middle stage of demigods and peak demigods, and there are many who can crush their masters.

She naturally tried her best to make her master stronger.

Feng Xi thought silently in her heart.

Before the chance competition was over, she had already started to think about how to deal with the reward.

At this time, Ji Yang's body was also relieved: "Very good! You have already reached 200 points, and Yue'er and Luan'er have also reached 200 points first. Then we should be able to win the top four this time. The plan is preliminarily completed.”

Feng Xi smiled and nodded: "Master, that's probably the case! By the way, there are ten minutes left, and the game will end! What should you do next?"

Ji Yang's body pondered: "Ten minutes outside, here is more than an hour and a half, and there is still some time. You continue to refine Divine Essence and improve your strength!"

"Yes!"

Feng Xi complied with her promise and flew towards the extreme yin body.

Ji Yang's body looked at her slender back with a look of relief in his eyes.

Today, Feng Xi's combat power has reached 117,000 stars, and her level is 42.

If I go to participate in the Tianwu assessment, I wonder if there is any hope of getting a god-level combination?

The heaven-level realm is also divided into low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade, top-grade, and god-grade.

Among them, the power of the best combination of Taoism has a power of 10,000 stars, which is comparable to Qin Feng's anti-god-level foundation.

As for the combination of gods and gods, it is also divided into upper, middle, and lower levels, which is even more terrifying.

A low-level god-grade Hedao has a 50,000-star combat power, but it is unimaginably difficult to pass.

The power of a medium-grade god-level combination is 100,000 stars.

The power of the first-class gods and the Tao is 200,000 stars.

Qin Feng doesn't know if there is a higher rank up.

This will only be known when he travels to the mysterious extraterrestrial sky.

"By the way, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er have both risen to level 39. They can also participate in the sky-level assessment if they level up again. It's time for them to kill monsters and upgrade to level 40 earlier."

Jiyang body muttered in his heart.

He naturally hoped that Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue would break through to the heavenly realm as soon as possible.

The stronger the two little girls, the greater the benefits he gets!

Thinking of this, Jiyang Ontology has a new plan.

It was at this moment that a reminder of Heavenly Dao came to his mind...

[The refining of divine beast essence and blood is complete! Your bloodline talent is being promoted to the mid-term SS level...]