Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Huh! This is?"

Jiyang's eyes lit up, and he looked at Jiyin's body with surprise...

Boom!

I saw that at this moment, the momentum of the extreme yin body suddenly soared, the body roared violently, the whole body lit up with red light, and the sky was connected to the ground, which was extremely amazing...

【Successful promotion! Congratulations, your bloodline talent has reached the mid-level SS level, and your basic combat power has skyrocketed to 353,000 stars. 】

[Your bloodline talent has been promoted to the mid-SS level, and your whole body has been greatly strengthened...]

[Your bloodline talent has been promoted to the middle stage of SS rank, and the power of the bloodline inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' has been greatly improved, and it has been promoted to the ninth-rank high-grade skill. 】

Boom!

At this moment, the extremely yin body, the body roared constantly.

The anode body is full of surprises.

Because at the same time as the momentum of the extreme yin body is improving, his momentum is also increasing wildly.

At the same moment, Feng Xi just came to the side of the extreme yin body.

Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue were also alarmed, and opened their eyes from the meditation.

After a while, various visions slowly disappeared.

The very yin body also opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

His strength has been greatly improved again, reaching 353,000 stars, which is 363,000 stars including the power of foundation building.

If you count the God-defying Blade and the power of the sacrifice of faith, his comprehensive combat power can break through 500,000 stars.

500,000 stars!

This is considered an average combat power in the middle stage of the demigods.

The range of combat power in the middle stage of the demigods is 400,000 to 600,000 stars.

However, Qin Feng has mastered a variety of SS-level and S-level sky, as well as several rare ninth-level skills, and his comprehensive strength is considered to be the best in the middle stage of the demigod.

In short, this area can suppress his powerhouses, including those at the peak of demigods, as well as a few powerhouses in the middle stage of demigods.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

That's a huge improvement!

"Dad, did you break through again?"

As soon as the very yin body opened his eyes, he heard Xiao Luan'er's excited voice.

The little girl was very happy.

Jiyin's body smiled and looked at her: "Luan'er, you have improved well, and you are almost reaching 100,000 star combat power. This is already the peak of the sky, and it should not be the weakest among the players."

Xiao Luan'er said proudly: "Hee hee! Dad, if I were to compare with those top-level players, I might be a little bit better than them!"

Ji Yin Ontology smiled and said: "By the way, this chance game is about to end. While there is still some time, you don't need to refine Divine Essence, go and kill monsters with Ji Yang Ontology to earn some energy points. Yes. Come on, Yue'er will go too!"

"Why?" Xiao Luan'er was puzzled.

Qi Yue also showed curiosity.

The very yin body said: "You two are both level 39, as long as you upgrade one level, you are eligible to participate in the heavenly realm assessment."

"The energy value provided by the monsters here is quite a lot. You follow the Jiyang body to make a move. Tiandao will allocate some energy to you according to the situation of the team, which will help you to level up."

Qiyue and the two were stunned.

"Dad, I'm going right now!"

"Thank you master!"

At the moment, the two little girls happily ran towards the temple.

They are also eager to advance to level 40 early.

At this time, the monsters in the temple refreshed again, and Ji Yang continued to hunt down the Jiao Ling...

The two little girls hurriedly participated in it, harassing them with long-range attacks...

Seeing this scene, Ji Yin smiled with relief, thinking that the problem was not a big deal.

Counting the time, in another 9 minutes from the outside world, the second round of opportunities will end.

There is still an hour and a half left in this temple.

He is going to use this one and a half hours to do the last wave of shocks...

In short, he can improve as much as he can improve his strength.

The next chance may be to fight with real swords.

He will definitely encounter provocations from the peak of the demigods, and he will not be able to improve his strength!

What's more, if he wants to complete the S-rank mission, he still needs to kill Luo Tian and Dao Kong who are at the peak of the demigod.

With his current strength, he definitely cannot do it, so he must improve some strengths.

Thinking of this, the palm of the extreme yin body turned over, and there was an extra holy land divine essence in the palm.

In the next second, he opened his mouth and took a breath, then closed his eyes and started refining with all his strength.

Now, the resources that should be refined on his body are basically refined, and these divine essences are left to help him improve his strength.

What makes him gratified is that his combat power has skyrocketed now, and the speed of refining Divine Essence has also increased a lot.

In the next hour and a half, he should be able to improve some strengths.

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body fully refines the divine essence

At the same time, in all the challenge temples, the players were doing the final sprint.

At the same time, the Blue Star Realm, the first division.

In the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, near Sangyue Island, two figures appeared.

Sangyue Island is the territory of the Blood Moon Clan.

Today, it is the territory of Longyuan Town, and there are only 200 Longyuan children residing on the island.

At this moment, the two figures looked at Sangyue Island in front of them with joy in their eyes.

"Elder Gu Ming, this is Sangyue Island. We finally arrived!"

The one who spoke was a middle-aged man.

His name is Xing Cang, he is a supreme elder of the ancient Xing clan, at the early stage of the ninth level of heaven.

The other is a black-robed old man named Gu Ming, who is also the Supreme Elder of the Xinggu Clan, and is in the middle stage of the ninth level of heaven.

The two were ordered by Xing Gu to come to investigate the location of Longyuan Town.

Immediately, Gu Ming said: "Let's go! Go to the island to see, and ask the blood Shura, do you know the whereabouts of the two people who lost contact with my family?"

"Um!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two flew towards Sangyue Island...

At the same time, on the sea five hundred miles away from Sangyue Island, two more figures were flying towards Sangyue Island.

Those were two old men, and their auras were extremely terrifying.

One of them is the Soul Void Great Venerable, a super powerhouse who has just broken through to the demigod realm.

The other person is the coffin of the peak of the sky.

At this moment, two groups of powerhouses rushed to Sangyue Island one after another.

At this time, the strongest disciples of Long Yuan stationed on Sangyue Island are only the second-level strength of heaven.

Chapter 464 Wave to kill! Round two is over!

On the other hand, Gu Ming and Xing Cang flew towards Sangyue Island.

It didn't take long for the two to reach the sky above the island, and suddenly felt something was wrong.

The huge island with a radius of hundreds of miles is extremely rich in resources, but it feels empty.

When they looked at it, they didn't see the blood moon clan's children.

"Brother Gu Ming, why is this Sangyue Island so quiet? Could it be that all the children of the Blood Moon clan are in retreat?"

Xing Cang looked puzzled.

Gu Ming also frowned: "The atmosphere on this island is indeed a bit weird! You and I have not seen a single person in the island for several miles. People who don't know, think this is a deserted island."

Xing Cang nodded: "Yeah! Everything here is weird! Brother, isn't something wrong with the Blood Moon Clan?"

As soon as these words came out, Gu Ming was stunned.

Immediately, he sneered: "The Blood Moon Clan is one of the top ten mysterious forces. How easy is it to make something happen to them? Let's go! The front is the Blood Moon Station Square, there must be someone there. Let's go and see!"

"it is good!"

Immediately, the two flew towards the square.

At the same time, the blood moon clan was stationed in the square.

Qi Jie was discussing something with some Long Yuan disciples.

Qi Jie was the leader who stayed behind on the island, and he was also the strongest person on the island.

"Boss Qijie, the resources on Sangyue Island have been counted. If we want to exploit the resources on the island, we need at least 3,000 slaves."

A Qi's child reported the progress of the work to Qi Jie.

Qi Jie nodded slightly: "Well, I will ask Elder Qishan to transfer 3,000 slaves to the island. The resources on this island are rich, which is beneficial to the upgrade of our Longyuan Town. This matter has to be accelerated!"

"As it should be!"

The Qi's disciple nodded.

As soon as these words fell, a rapid break through the air sounded in the distance.

"Hey! This is... Everyone, come out and be on guard!"

Qi Jie was startled and hurriedly called out to the station.

Soon, one after another figure rushed to the square...

These are extraordinary times!

If an outsider comes to Sangyue Island, it is definitely not a friend, but an enemy.

Because the children of Long Yuan came to Sangyue Island from the teleportation array.

Therefore, as soon as Qi Jie heard the sound of breaking the air, he hurriedly called all the children to be alert.

Soon two hundred Long Yuan disciples rushed to the square.

At this moment, two figures appeared in the sky above the square, it was Gu Ming and Xing Cang...

See you here!

When the two Gu Ming saw a group of people in the square, they were proud.

In the next second, the two of them exuded a terrifying aura that instantly enveloped the entire square, as if to show the identity of the ninth-level heaven.

In this world of slaughter, strength is a sign of status.

Qi Jie and others suddenly felt the pressure of the ninth level of heaven, and their expressions changed greatly.

"Not good! Boss Qi Jie, both of them are Heaven-level ninth-level powerhouses!"

"My God! A middle stage of the ninth level of heaven, and an early stage of ninth level of heaven, this is not something we can deal with!"

"Yeah! How can there be a ninth-level powerhouse coming? Two at a time! You know, there are no ninth-level powerhouses in general guardian forces. Are these two people from mysterious forces?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's face changed greatly!

Qi Jie also panicked.

Such a powerful enemy is not something they can deal with.

Immediately, he opened the communication channel and sent a distress message to the phantom avatar who stayed at the headquarters of Longyuan...

At the same time, above the sky.