Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

It was no longer Qin Feng's opponent, and now it has been eroded by the dark power of hellfire, and its strength is even worse.

Ang~!

The final scream!

The elephant king fell to the ground!

The earth trembled slightly!

In the next second, a dazzling white light lit up on the elephant king and flew towards Qin Feng...

[Killing the level 12 mammoth king (king level) successfully, get +4000 energy points. 】

[Kill the 12th-level Mammoth King (King-level) successfully and gain +4 reputation. 】

[Killing the 12th-level Mammoth King (King-level) successfully, the quest item - King's Core (Soil) was released. 】

Finally killed!

The quest item is here!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

[Killing the level 12 mammoth king (king level) successfully, the silver treasure chest burst out. 】

Fuck it~!

burst~!

burst~!

A silver treasure chest has been revealed!

This is so cool too!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Chapter 60 The strength has skyrocketed, and the faction war has begun! (9 more)

Qin Feng happily stepped forward, picked up the silver treasure chest and the king's core (earth), and stuffed them all into the storage ring.

So far, he has three bronze treasure chests and three silver treasure chests in his hands.

However, now is not the time to open the treasure chest.

I saw his palm pressed on the elephant king, and the palm of his hand lit up with white light...

Om~!

【Endless extraction success! You get the skill - Mysterious Crystal Armoring. 】

[Xuanjing Armoring: A second-order skill, defensive type, needs to awaken both the D-level physique talent and the D-level soil talent in order to master it. 】

Fuck it~!

It's a skill!

Finally got the skills again!

It's still second grade!

Qin Feng is delighted!

In the next second, his mind moved.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, his entire body condensed a set of crystal armor at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Suddenly, his whole person is like a mecha **** of war, and his momentum is extraordinary.

"Not bad!"

Qin Feng looked at it for a while, and then happily put away the armor.

With Xuanjing Armoring, he has defensive skills, and his strength has skyrocketed.

Having said that, he has now mastered four skills.

They are: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Hellfire (Tier 2), Mysterious Crystal Armoring (Tier 2), Beast Control (Tier 3).

This is in the thousand novice villages in District 1, I'm afraid no one can match him.

After all, in the early stages of a novice, skills are extremely difficult to acquire.

"By the way, there are still three mammoth guards whose bodies have not been extracted!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurried back...

Soon, he rushed to the place where the elephants were slaughtered. From the pile of elephant corpses, he found the corpses of the three mammoth guards in turn, and extracted 9 attributes.

So far, he has gained a lot!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Liu Yan exchanged your Tier 1 Spirit Fruit for your Tier 1 Steel Knife. 】

what!

Another gain!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he quickly entered the trading channel.

As soon as he entered the channel, he saw a series of information records.

[Reminder: Liu Xuan exchanged 2 corpses of level 5 beasts for your level 1 steel knife. 】

[Reminder: Longshan exchanged 2 corpses of level 5 beasts for your level 1 steel knife. 】

[Reminder: Wu Yong exchanged 2 corpses of level 5 beasts for your level 1 steel knife. 】

[Reminder: Gu Ming exchanged 3 tier 1 spirit grasses for your tier 1 steel knife. 】

[Reminder: Qi Jie exchanged 3 tier 1 spirit grasses for your tier 1 steel knife. 】

...

Wow~!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

I have gained so much!

This is too cool!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng was surprised!

He only cared about slaughtering elephants before, and had no time to pay attention to the transaction reminder.

When he saw it, he was pleasantly surprised.

The first-order steel knives he hung in the trading channel have all been sold out, and the barbecue has also sold more than 200 catties, leaving only a dozen catties.

Take a look at his gains:

Twenty-two corpses of level 5 beasts!

Four corpses of level 1 to 3 mutant beasts!

3 Tier 1 Spirit Fruits!

12 tier 1 spirit grass!

Fuck it~!

The brothers of 911 Village are really awesome!

Ha ha! !

After rejoicing, Qin Feng hurriedly took out all the gains and began to extract endlessly...

Twenty-two level 5 vicious beast corpses, and soon let him extract the full amount of level 5 vicious beasts, and there is no need to collect them in the future.

Next, he extracted the body of the mutant beast...

After a quarter of an hour, he had all extracted.

This time, he got a total of 37 attributes, and his strength rose again.

In addition, there is one spiritual fruit, and the four spiritual grasses are poisonous. He did not extract them, but put them in the storage ring for later use.

Once again, he has gained a lot, and his heart is full of joy!

Immediately, he opened the properties panel to check his latest data.

[Level]: Level 9 (23870/100000)

[Occupation]: Level 2 Judge (0/200)

[Prestige]: 29 (novice general)

[Strength]: 262+7 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 263+15 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 267 (strengthen constitution, D grade, anti-poison +100%)

[Energy]: 274 (intensive mind, D grade; hearing superficial, E grade; vision superficial, E grade; smell enhancement, F grade)

[Elemental Talent]: Control of Earth (Class D), Control of Fire (Class D), Control of Darkness (Class D)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Hellfire (Tier 2), Mysterious Crystal Armoring (Tier 2), Beast Control (Tier 3)

[Combat Strength Assessment]: 26 stars

good! good!

The combat power has reached 26 stars!

Cool!

So cool!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The feeling of this kind of strength has skyrocketed all the way, it is so happy!

After a while, he calmed down.

"By the way, the first-order steel knives are all sold out. It's time to get some new steel knives."

Thinking of this, Qin Feng extracted thirteen novice short knives from the trading channel.

Novice short knife, he has been acquiring.

During this time, he acquired thirteen more handles.

Afterwards, he used endless extraction to extract the residue from those rank 0 short knives and promote them to rank 1 exquisite steel knives.

After doing this, he entered the chat channel.

I saw that there was a lively chat inside, and it was all related to the scolding war in the regional channel.

Qin Feng didn't pay much attention to it and spoke directly.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, change the trading rules now. Stop harvesting the corpses of level 5 beasts. From now on, only acquire the bodies of level 7 beasts. One corpse can be exchanged for a level 1 steel knife."

As soon as the news came out, the entire channel was sensational.

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng! It's Boss Qin Feng! I finally saw Boss Qin Feng!"

"Woo~woo~! Brother Qin Feng, you finally appeared, my little sister is so excited!"

"Boss Qin Feng, it's so hard to see your side! I finally waited for you! I'm so excited!"

"Hey! Boss Qin Feng, the corpses of level 5 beasts are not accepted? Are the corpses of level 6 also not accepted? Why are you directly accepting level 7?"

Qin Feng: "That's right! The corpses of level 6 beasts will not be accepted, and the collection will start directly from the corpses of level 7 beasts. In addition, the corpses of mutant beasts at all levels, as well as various spirit fruits, spirit grass, novice knives, etc. will be purchased as usual! "

Qin Feng has already extracted the full amount of the corpses of 1 to 6 beasts.

"Wow~! The boss of Qin Feng is different! The corpse of the level 7 beast started directly!"