Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Xing Cang and the two also found that something was wrong.

"Brother Gu Ming, the situation is not right! I remember the blood moon clan's children, most of them are red-haired and white-skinned. This group of people has yellow skin and black hair, not the blood moon clan's children!"

"Yes! Look at this old man!"

At this moment, Gu Ming's eyes lit up, and he went to detect Qi Jie and others...

In the next second, his expression changed slightly, and he exclaimed, "Hey! They are all challengers!"

"what?!"

Xing Cang was shocked and quickly went to detect it.

The next second, he was also stunned!

These people are indeed challengers, and they are all at the prefecture level.

Strange!

How could the dignified Blood Moon clan's nest be occupied by the challenging forces?

What about Blood Shura and Yatra?

What about those Blood Moon disciples? !

"Brother, there is definitely a big problem here! In the whole Sangyue Island, there are no children of the Blood Moon Clan, but only challengers. I'm afraid that something happened to the Blood Moon Clan! Could it be that these challengers are from Longyuan Town?"

Xing Cang guessed.

At present, the challenge force capable of attacking the guardian force and the mysterious force is Longyuan Town.

He was naturally the first to suspect Longyuan Town.

Gu Ming nodded: "Nine achievements are Longyuan Town! Xing Cang, you quickly send the situation here to Xing Jin Taishang. The old man will ask these challengers again!"

"it is good!"

Xing Cang quickly took out the communication jade talisman and sent a message to the clan.

At the same time, Gu Ming looked down and asked, "Are you from Longyuan Town?! Why are you on the Blood Moon Clan's territory?"

At this moment, Qi Jie had already sent out the distress message.

Hearing this shout, he raised his head and asked, "Who is your Excellency?"

Gu Ming frowned: "Boy, the old man is asking you! I didn't want you to ask the old man instead!"

He was a little upset, and his tone was full of pride.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

A small prefecture-level realm, he did not pay attention to it at all.

If it weren't for the rest period now, killing a challenger would deduct 1,000 points, and he would have shot and killed these challengers long ago.

Of course, he was also full of curiosity.

That is, where did the Blood Moon Clan disciples go?

Just relying on the group of challengers below, there is no strength at all to drive away all the children of the Blood Moon Clan.

"Sorry! If you don't tell me your calendar, then I'll have no comment!"

Qi Jie is neither humble nor arrogant!

Of course he doesn't answer questions.

Other forces will fear the ninth-level powerhouse, but he is not.

Because he has the support of Qin Feng's boss behind him.

Not to mention the boss of Qin Feng, just a clone of the boss can crush these two ninth-level powerhouses with one finger.

That Gu Ming was furious: "Humph! How dare a small prefecture-level challenger dare to contradict the old man like this! Don't you think that now is the rest period, the old man will not dare to kill you?"

At this moment, Xing Cang finished sending the message.

He was very upset when he saw this scene!

These challengers are too arrogant!

Those challengers in the past, when they saw these ninth-level powerhouses, they were like seeing a demon, and they had already kneeled on the ground and cried for mercy.

It's not like these guys, one by one, stood on the spot, staring at them blankly, with no fear on their faces.

I don't know if these people are too stupid!

Or do you think the two of them are too good to talk?

Thinking of this, he impatiently said: "Brother, why are you talking nonsense with this group of ants! I'll just grab a few live victims and ask them, otherwise I'll know what happened here!"

"It makes sense! The old man will catch one alive now!"

As soon as the voice fell, Gu Ming immediately shot.

Boom!

As soon as he stretched out his palm, it turned into a big hand and grabbed it directly towards Qi Jie.

It's this little thief!

Faced with his question, he dared not to answer, and even contradicted him!

He wants to capture this kid alive, torture him slowly, and force him to speak!

Boom!

In the blink of an eye, the sky-shattering hand shrouded down, and the momentum was earth-shattering.

Qi Jie and the others changed their colors one after another!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

hum!

In the center of the square, the middle-level guardian altar suddenly lit up with an aura, reaching the sky completely!

The next second, a huge protective mask appeared above the square out of thin air, guarding the entire station.

boom!

A loud bang!

That big hand suddenly hit the protective mask!

The entire station trembled slightly!

In the next second, the big hand and the protective mask shattered at the same time, shattering inch by inch, turning into a sky full of stars.

This is the magic of the intermediate guardian altar!

It can block any attack twice.

For the first time, it blocked Gu Ming's great hand.

Gu Ming and Xing Cang were stunned!

Immediately, Gu Ming was shocked: "This is the guardian altar of the challenging forces!"

"How is that possible?! Brother, the guardian altar can only be established on the territory of one's own power. Isn't this the territory of the Blood Moon Clan? Could it be..."

Halfway through the words, Xing Cang realized something and lowered his head suddenly, looking at Qi Jie and the others in disbelief.

Gu Ming also looked at Qi Jie and the others in shock.

They have already realized that this Blood Moon Clan residence has become a site for challenging forces.

Otherwise, the unique guardian altar of the challenge force cannot be established.

After a moment of astonishment, Xing Cang took a deep breath: "Brother, don't guess! The following group of people must be from Longyuan Town. However, I am a little curious. How did Longyuan Town grab the territory of the Blood Moon Clan? "

"And the people of Longyuan Town, why are they so courageous, I am not afraid to see you. But I have observed all around, and there is no strong person beside me, not even a first-level heavenly level. arrive."

Gu Ming nodded slightly: "It's really weird! I don't want to do so much, let's grab a few live ones and ask!"

0

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, Gu Ming shot again, and grabbed it fiercely downward with one hand.

In just a split second, his grasp turned into a big hand again, grabbing Qi Jie overwhelmingly.

boom!

Then, there was another loud noise!

Guarding the altar, blocked his grab for the second time!

Gu Ming was shocked and angry!

"Damn it! Resisting the old man's second shot in a row is definitely an intermediate guardian altar! Now, only Longyuan Town is qualified to build an intermediate guardian altar! Don't guess, these guys are from Longyuan Town!"

Xing Cang nodded: "It makes sense! Brother, what should I do?"

Gu Ming sneered: "Since you know their identities, there is no need to be soft-hearted! You quickly send a message to the clan and say you have found the whereabouts of Longyuan Town. The old man doesn't believe it, then guarding the altar can resist the third time of the old man. Let's go!"

"it is good!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xing Cang took out the communication jade again, and was about to send a message to the clan.

At the same time, Gu Ming was preparing to make his third shot.

But at this moment, white light flashed over the square, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air.

Gu Ming and the two were startled, and they looked around quickly, and saw that the person was a handsome and noble young man.

He is the Mirage clone!

It turned out that Qin Feng would place several children of the Qi clan or Feng clan at the major stations.

In this way, as long as there is something wrong with the station, his clone can be summoned in reverse through space and arrive instantly.

After Gu Ming was stunned for a moment, he found that the phantom avatar was also a challenge, and the realm was also the realm of the earth.

He immediately sneered disdainfully: "Haha! Another one is here! This sudden appearance, the old man thought that there was a master, but it turned out to be only a local level. Boy, since you are here, the old man will capture you alive! "

Boom!

As soon as the voice fell, Gu Ming grabbed the phantom avatar!

"roll!"

With a wave of the phantom avatar, a wind of palms that destroyed the sky and the earth swept away towards Gu Ming and the two of them.

In the next second, Gu Ming and the two were swept away by the palm wind, and they were strangled on the spot and turned into a blood mist.

That Xing Cang didn't even have time to send the news, so he was killed in seconds!

Qi Jie and the others were dumbfounded!

The boss's avatar is too powerful!

With just a wave of his hand, he killed two heaven-level ninth-level powerhouses!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have imagined it!

Qi Jie and others didn't know that Qin Feng had a lot of opportunities in the Holy Land, and his combat power had been skyrocketing wildly!

This made the combat power of the four clones soar all the way!

Today, the combat power of the Mirage clone has reached more than 300,000 stars.

Coupled with the various SS-level and S-level talents he has mastered, killing two ninth-level powerhouses in seconds is really like crushing two ants.

At this moment, two white lights flew out of the blood mist and poured into the body of the phantom mirage.

Those feedbacks to Qin Feng were temporarily suppressed by the laws of heaven and stored in the sub-body, and were not converted into energy values ​​and attribute points.

At this time, the Mirage clone waved to the blood mist, and two storage rings flew out of the blood mist.

Afterwards, he took a copy of his hand, caught the storage ring, and after a little check, a satisfied smile appeared on his face.

At the same time, Qi Jie and others also flew into the air one after another, and came to the side of the Mirage clone with a look of joy.

"Boss, you are too powerful! With just a wave of your hand, you killed two Heavenly Rank Nine-layer powerhouses!"

Qi Jie was very excited, and his tone was full of admiration.

The Mirage clone smiled and put away the storage ring.