Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

But in the next second, he frowned slightly, raised his head suddenly, and looked in the direction of Wan Jiehai.

Just now, his divine sense scanned it. Several hundred miles away, two people were flying towards Yuesang Island.

Under the consciousness, he spied it out, one of them was suddenly a powerhouse in the early stage of the demigod, and the other was the peak of the sky.

The people who come are the Soul Shadow and the coffin!

"Haha! It's an eventful autumn right now!"

The Mirage clone sneered and waited for the two of them to come.

But at this moment, he suddenly raised his head again, looking in the direction of the Holy Land, with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

It turned out that he sensed that the body had completed the second round of the chance competition and returned to the safe area square.

Ontology strength has improved a lot!

Next, the second round of ranking rewards will be distributed. I wonder what surprises the body will have?

At this thought, there was a look of anticipation in the eyes of the phantom avatar.

He and Qin Feng are of the same mind, so they naturally know what happened in the Holy Land

Chapter 465: The pinnacle of demigods! Sublime artifact!

At this moment, in the Holy Land, on the square of the No. 73 security zone, white light flashed continuously, and figures appeared.

The second round of chance competition is over!

All the players have been sent out!

In a corner of the square, white light flashed, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

At this point, he was in a good mood.

In the last hour and a half, he refined a lot of divine essence, and his basic combat power soared to 370,000 stars.

If you add the power of foundation building, his combat power is 380,000 stars.

In this way, the combat power of the four avatars is about 304,000 stars, a proper demigod early stage.

And Qin Feng's 380,000-star combat power is only 20,000 stars away from the mid-term threshold of a demigod.

Of course, his comprehensive strength had already reached the middle stage of the demigod, and he was still the best among them.

call out! call out! call out!

At this moment, white light flashed next to Qin Feng, and Feng Xi's three daughters also appeared.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

As soon as the three girls saw Qin Feng, they were all happy.

Qin Feng looked at them with a smile, and there was a look of relief in his eyes.

This time, the three girls have also gained a lot.

Today, Feng Xi's combat power has reached 120,000 stars, which is the limit of the peak of the sky.

If you count the two S-rank talents she has mastered, then among the heaven-rank players, she is considered to be the top existence.

Looking at Xiao Luan'er, the combat power has reached 100,000 stars, and the level has just risen to level 40, and has the authority to advance to the heaven level.

Finally, looking at Qiyue, the combat power has reached 80,000 stars, and the level is 79% of level 39, which is not far from level 40.

When Qiyue reaches level 40, he will take the three daughters to the outer world to participate in the Tianwu assessment together.

Having said that, this time, the strength of the three girls has soared, and the combined combat power has reached 300,000 stars.

If Qin Feng uses the sacrifice of faith, he can obtain 210,000-star combat power from them, which is extremely terrifying.

With such a superposition, Qin Feng's combat power can reach 590,000 stars, plus the blade of the God-defying God, it is 635,000 stars, suddenly entering the ranks of the pinnacle of demigods.

The range of combat power of the demigod peak is 600,000 to 800,000 stars.

In the field, there were less than 200 people at the peak of the demigods.

Among them, the combat power has reached 700,000 stars or more, and there are less than 100 people.

With the various SS-level and S-level talents mastered by Qin Feng, its comprehensive strength should be close to the 700,000-star combat power.

In other words, there are only a hundred people who can suppress Qin Feng in this square today.

But the strength to kill him, it is estimated that there will be no more than ten.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt at ease.

Speaking of which, he can have such a huge improvement, and the three girls of Feng Xi are indispensable!

Without the sacrifices of the three women's beliefs, even if he had the help of the God-defying Blade, it would only be the strength of the middle-stage demigod.

Of course, Qin Feng did not dare to slack off.

Even with his current strength, he is not necessarily an opponent of Dao Kong.

That emptiness is a powerful existence that breaks 700,000 stars.

In addition, there is another Luo Tian, ​​who is also a powerhouse at the pinnacle of demigods.

After this trip to the Holy Land, he exposed too much strength.

After returning, the Liudao clan and the Daluo clan will inevitably join forces to deal with him.

And these two tribes are very mysterious, and it is very likely that they have hidden strengths.

Feng Xi had revealed this point before, so he couldn't take it lightly.

In short, that S-class mission is not that easy to complete.

He wants to complete it in five days ahead of schedule, and the difficulty is even greater.

"Dad, how many points did you get this time?"

Xiao Luan'er's voice interrupted Qin Feng's wild thoughts.

Qin Feng turned his head to look, and saw the little guy suddenly flashing big eyes, full of curiosity.

He fondly patted the little guy's head and said with a smile, "This round, I got 1675 points!"

If it wasn't for Qin Feng helping the three girls also score points, the points would be even more.

In this way, he scored 1675 points, and the three girls each scored 200 points.

The four scored a total of 2275 points.

According to a Jiao Ling, provide 3 points, a Holy Land Divine Essence.

They swiped a total of more than 700 Holy Land Divine Essences, plus the five previously rewarded, about 760.

However, Qin Feng and the four have refined more than 300 Divine Essences.

Now, there are only about 400 Divine Essence left in his hand.

After hearing Qin Feng say the points, Xiao Luan's eyes lit up and she was overjoyed.

"Wow! 1675 points! Dad, you are so amazing!"

The little guy's tone was full of admiration.

Feng Xi also smiled and said: "Master, you have such high points, don't say that you can get the first place in the second round. Then the first place in the third round will also be yours. After all, according to the rules of the competition, The ranking of points is always superimposed."

Qiyue also smiled and said: "Of course! Master has 1675 points this round! Once this point comes out, everyone will be shocked!"

"Hee hee! It will definitely light up their eyes!"

Xiao Luan'er also added a sentence with a chuckle.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I can't wait too optimistically! In the first and second rounds, we relied on the time force field to take advantage of it. More importantly, the only one who masters the time force field in this area is Qi. One month."

"If it's in other areas, it's hard to say. More importantly, in the next third round of opportunities, I'm afraid the time force field will not be useful."

Hearing this, Xiao Luan'er said worriedly: "Dad, if it's the third round, Sister Yue'er's time will not be used. Sister Feng Xi and Sister Yue'er, wouldn't we be able to enter the top four?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Little guy, don't be too greedy! Let's get the top four in this round first!"

Xiao Luan'er smiled and said, "Yes! I don't know what the ranking reward will be this time?"

Qi Yue also smiled and said, "It must be much richer than the first round!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled and was about to say something.

But at this moment, he sensed two bad eyes and looked towards him.

He turned around quickly and saw two strange middle-aged men looking at him coldly.

The eyes of one of them contained a looming murderous intent.

Just when Qin Feng looked up, the two of them silently retracted their gazes.

Qin Feng couldn't help frowning.

Who are these two?

Looking at their eyes, they seem to be very unkind to themselves!

It was at this moment that Feng Xi approached, exhaled like a blue, and whispered in his ear.

"Master, those two look familiar, they seem to be the six patriarchs—Daokong, and the Daluo patriarch—Luo Tian. I have their portraits in my Feng clan, and some seniors in the clan have seen them before."

"It turned out to be them!"

Qin Feng couldn't help but looked away at the two of Daokong.

Seeing this, he frowned slightly.

The strength of those two people is extremely powerful, all of them are at the peak of demigods.

One of them's combat power is obviously more than 700,000 stars, and the other is close to 700,000 stars, so they are not easy to provoke!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng silently retracted his gaze.

At the same moment, in the corner.

Dao Kong saw Qin Feng withdraw his eyes, the corners of his mouth curled slightly, revealing a sneer.

"Brother Daokong, watching Qin Feng chatting happily, it seems that this round of harvest is not bad!"

Luo Tian muttered to the side, his tone a little sour.

Daokong nodded slightly: "This Qin Feng should have some ability to leapfrog. It seems that he has earned some points this time. In addition to the points from the first round, he may be in the top ten!"

Luo Tian said unhappily: "Brother Daokong, the more opportunities Qin Feng gets in this holy land, the more disadvantageous it will be to you and me!"

Daokong nodded slightly: "Indeed! This son must not stay! After we leave the Holy Land, our two clans will join forces to destroy Qin Feng and Longyuan Town first. What do you think?"

Luo Tian's eyes lit up: "Luo has this intention! By the way, it's not only you and me who joined forces, but the other eight mysterious forces, we should all unite to destroy Qin Feng and Longyuan Town together, and we must not grow up for them. A chance to get up!"

Daokong nodded: "That's how it should be! After returning, you and I will jointly issue a statement to unite all forces that can be united, even those guardian forces must unite, not to destroy Qin Feng, and never give up!"

Dao Kong's tone is very decisive!

He is full of hatred for Qin Feng.

If it weren't for Qin Feng's existence, he would not have lost his first place in the competition area, nor would he have been squeezed out of the top 100 in the Holy Land.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Luo Tian could not ask for it.

He is also full of jealousy and deep jealousy towards Qin Feng.

Immediately, he said: "Brother Daokong, that's how it is done! With the prestige of your two clans, the other eight clans will definitely obey the orders, and even Xing Gu will not dare to be slighted."

Daokong smiled and said, "If my top ten mysterious forces join forces, even if Qin Feng is a top demigod, he will fall. Besides, he is not at all. Therefore, he is dead this time."

Luo Tian also smiled and said, "That's for sure! This time back, the chance he got from the Holy Land will only be cheaper for us."

As soon as these words fell, the two looked at each other and smiled, with a smug look in their eyes.

They don't know yet that the Yaotian Clan, the Blood Moon Clan, and the Haoyang Clan among the ten mysterious forces have been wiped out by Qin Feng.

Right now, Qin Feng's avatars are on their way to exterminate the Ten Fierce Clan and the Dragon Taming Clan.

When the two of them return to the competition area, I am afraid that they will not be able to form a ten-tribe alliance.

"By the way, Brother Daokong, how many points did you get this round?"