Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Luo Tian asked again curiously.

Daokong smiled slightly: "Not much! It's only 51 points!"

Luo Tian exclaimed: "51 points! Tsk tsk! Brother Daokong, you will definitely enter the top 100 this time. If you want to get more than 50 points in this round, your comprehensive combat power must be above 800,000 stars!"Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"After all, the combat power of those demons has reached 650,000 stars. Ordinary demigod peak powerhouses can be difficult to kill them! Brother Daokong can break 50 points, and the comprehensive combat power is definitely comparable to 800,000 stars. , it seems that the rumor is true!"

Dao Kong was taken aback: "Rumours? What rumors?!"

Luo Tian smiled mysteriously: "Luo heard a rumor that Brother Kong accidentally got a low-grade artifact. With that low-grade artifact, with Daokong's strength, he can easily reach 800,000 stars!"

"Before, Luo had some doubts about the authenticity of the news. Now it seems that it is true."

Dao Kong smiled shyly: "Brother Luo, you are indeed well-informed! To be honest, I did get a low-quality artifact from here."

Luo Tian looked envious: "A low-grade artifact! Its power is unimaginable, much stronger than the divine artifact in my hands!"

Daokong smiled and said, "That being said, the low-quality artifacts are still inferior to the divine artifacts! The divine artifacts made of ten divine artifacts are not comparable to the inferior artifacts."

Luo Tian nodded slightly: "That's true! But not everyone can master the divine artifact, it requires great opportunity, talent, and strength!"

Boom!

As soon as those words fell, the sky above the square shook.

Luo Tian and the two stopped talking.

Everyone was also alarmed and looked up at the sky.

At this time, the ethereal voice of heaven sounded...

【The second round of chance competition has ended! 】

[The total score of the two rounds of competition is lower than 0 points, has been kicked out of the Holy Land, and loses the qualification to continue to explore the Holy Land. 】

【If you have more than 1 point in this round, you can get a pass reward. 】

【Rewards for passing the level are now issued...】

As soon as the news came out, there was a commotion in the field.

"It turns out that those who have accumulated less than 0 points in two rounds will be kicked out!"

"The deity said, how come there are only more than 3,700 people in this square, it seems that more than 200 people have been kicked out!"

"Hey! Although the old man has 6 points, there is no reward for passing the level this round. Because my score this round is 0 points."

"Hey! Brother, I'm worse than you! Not only did I not kill a Holy Land Spirit, but I was also killed by the Holy Land Spirit, and I got minus 5 points! This round, I also don't have a pass reward!"

"Damn! I finally killed the four holy spirits and got 4 points, but was attacked to death and deducted 5 points. In this way, I became a minus 1 point, and I missed the clearance reward. what!"

"The old thief of Cloud Demon! You sneak attack on the deity! When the next round of opportunities begins, I will be at odds with you!"

"Bright Skywalker! You shameless thing! Join forces with others to besiege me, and cause me to lose the reward for passing the level. In the next chance, I will never die with you!"

At this moment, the field is noisy and noisy!

There are happy faces, sighs, and hatred and scolding each other!

The atmosphere of the scene is very lively!

In the corner, Qin Feng watched all this silently as if he was watching a good show.

The rules of this second round are peculiar, and it is destined that many people will not be rewarded for passing the level.

Among these people, there are not only the heavenly realm, but also the early demigods, the middle demigods, and even some demigod peaks.

For example, the eight demigod peak powerhouses who were jointly killed by Taixu ancestors and Jinshen were destined to not receive the second round of clearance rewards.

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, he felt ten resentful eyes and looked at himself.

He looked up quickly, and saw that there were ten giants.

When the ten people saw Qin Feng looking over, they withdrew their eyes in fear, with extremely complicated expressions.

It is because of Qin Feng's existence that their ten early demigod powerhouses lost their rewards for passing the level.

They are angry inside!

But Qin Feng's extremely powerful strength made them feel lingering fears and dared not expect revenge.

Even now, they still can't believe it, how could a prefecture-level realm possess the strength of a mid-stage demigod?

This is unbelievable!

If they didn't experience it themselves, they wouldn't believe it at all!

The ten Juli Gods do not know that Qin Feng's current comprehensive strength is no longer in the middle stage of demigods, but at the peak of demigods.

The speed of his progress, the imagination of everyone in the distance

Boom!

Just then, the sky shook again

"Dad, we're going to give out a reward for passing the level!"

Xiao Luan's excited voice sounded.

The tone was full of anticipation!

Qin Feng ignored Juli God and others, and looked at the sky expectantly.

Chapter four hundred and sixty-six knowledge enhancement pill! War on three sides!

[Rewards for this round of clearance: 10 Holy Land Divine Essence, 1 Knowledge Enhancement Pill. 】

The voice of heaven resounded again!

Immediately afterwards, beams of reward beams fell from the sky

Only 3,000 beams of light descended in total, and 700 or 800 people did not receive the reward.

Those players who didn't get the reward looked at the beam of light with envy.

"Ten Divine Essences! It's not bad! I only refined three Divine Essences in the first round, and I didn't get one in the second round. These guys just passed the test and got ten Divine Essences."

"Yeah! It's really enviable! By the way, there is also a knowledge enhancement pill? What kind of magic pill is that?"

"I don't know! There is only one reward for this clearance, and it is estimated that it is much more precious than Divine Essence!"

"Hey! Stop talking! The more I talk about it, the more I envy these people!"

"Haha! Brother, there is nothing to envy. Isn't it just a reward for passing the level! This is just a side dish at the beginning, and the ranking rewards at the back are the big ones!"

Some people in the field are envious, and some people are sour.

Soon, everyone got the pass rewards.

In the corner, Qin Feng looked at the 10 Divine Essences in his hand and a milky white Divine Pill with satisfaction.

That milky white magic pill is knowledge enhancement pill.

[Enhancing Knowledge Pill: A ninth-rank low-grade elixir. 】

[Reminder: After refining this pill, the scanning range of consciousness will increase by 500 miles]

[Reminder: Only those with divine consciousness can refine this pill]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, secretly thinking that this knowledge enhancement pill is somewhat miraculous, it can actually increase the scanning range of human consciousness.

However, the increase in the scanning range of 500 miles made him somewhat disliked.

Since he awakened the SS-level eight-sense talent, the 'Spiritual Consciousness' skill has reached the ninth-order skill level, and the scanning range has reached a radius of 30,000 miles.

In a mere 500 miles, he naturally ignored it.

However, this should be a treasure for many early demigod powerhouses!

Qin Feng's method of obtaining divine consciousness is different from those of the demigods.

Those people rely on breaking through the realm and automatically generate divine consciousness.

Generally speaking, the scanning range of divine consciousness in the early stage of a demigod is 3,000 miles, in the middle stage of a demigod, it is 10,000 miles, and the peak of a demigod is 30,000 miles.

And 18 Qin Feng was awakened by the seven senses and obtained the ability of divine sense.

Later, he awakened the eighth sense, and the ability of divine sense increased greatly again.

In addition, the strength of his soul body has been continuously improved, and now his divine consciousness has reached 30,000 miles, which is actually equivalent to the peak of a demigod.

"Dad, I'll give you this knowledge-enhancing pill! Luan'er has no spiritual consciousness, so he can't refine this pill."

"Master, I can't refine it either. I'll give you this knowledge enhancement pill!"

"mine too!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er, Qi Yue, and Feng Xi handed the knowledge enhancement pills to Qin Feng.

These three girls have no spiritual consciousness, so naturally they cannot be refined.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

One Consciousness Enhancement Pill can add 500 miles to the scanning direction of consciousness, and four can add 2000 miles.

In this way, the increase in the range is very considerable!

Immediately, he accepted the three women's medicinal pills.

No matter what, this is also a ninth-order low-grade elixir, which is of great value!

It's also a small gain.

"Master, this subordinate thinks it's a little strange! Why does Tiandao want to reward knowledge enhancement pills on a large scale?"

At this time, Feng Xi whispered in Qin Feng's ear again.

Hearing this, Qin Feng's heart moved, and he looked at the beautiful woman beside him.

"You mean, the next third round of chance competition will be related to divine consciousness?"

Feng Xi's beautiful eyes lit up: "Master is so smart, he can guess what his subordinates think at once. I think it is very possible. Otherwise, Tiandao won't be rewarded on such a large scale."

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

He also thinks it makes sense.

This second round of clearance rewards, to put it bluntly, is an encouragement to those who pass.

Rewarding Divine Essence can be understood as improving the strength of qualified people.

That rewarding the knowledge enhancement pill is to expand the power of the divine consciousness of the certificate.

The stronger the power of the divine sense, the wider the scanning range.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said: "It's very possible! If the third round of chance competition is related to divine consciousness, it will also be beneficial to me."

As soon as these words fell, the three girls smiled.

They know that Qin Feng's divine sense scanning range is 30,000 miles, which is comparable to the peak of a demigod.

And there are less than 200 demigod peak powerhouses in the field.

This is Qin Feng's advantage!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook again, and a reminder came from Tiandao...

[New points rankings are now announced. 】

[The rankings in this round are ranked according to the total points of the two rounds, and those who enter the top 100 will be rewarded generously]

Boom!

As soon as this prompt came out, a new change appeared in the ranking monument in the center of the square.

The rankings from the previous round are all gone

There was a commotion in the field again!

"A new ranking is coming out!"

"Yeah! I don't know how many ranks this deity can rank after two rounds?"

"This time, the top 100 should change a lot!"

"Yeah! The last round was basically based on strength. The ranking in this round depends not only on strength, but also on the ability to leapfrog. I am afraid that some demigods with strong ability to leapfrog can enter the top 100 in the early stage. already."