Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"It's true! By the way, do you think Qin Feng can still win the first place this time?"

"Number one? Haha! Brother, you think too highly of him! He is only a prefecture-level realm after all. In the last game, he won the first place by cheating. I don't believe it, he can still win in the second round. Cheating!"

"That's right! The deity also thinks that Qin Feng will have a hard time winning the first place this time. It would be good for him to be in the top ten at most!"

The crowd was talking.

Many people are talking about Qin Feng.

Those discussions were small, but Qin Feng could hear them clearly.

Even Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, and Qiyue's three daughters heard it.

Qiyue and Fengxi both thought it was funny!

These powerhouses are accustomed to being high and high, and they always look down on low realms. They really underestimate their masters.

Xiao Luan'er is an old Gao with a small mouth.

"Dad, these guys are so self-righteous. They think that you can't get the first place. Wait a moment, when your points come out, they will definitely scare them to death!"

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes! I really want to see them, they will be very surprised for a while."

Qin Feng smiled: "Don't say my points, it will shock them. Wait a moment, the points of the three of you will also surprise them."

Feng Xi covered her mouth and smiled: "Master said that, I really want to see them look surprised."

"Dad, look! The rankings are starting to be announced!"

At this moment, a line of golden light lit up at the bottom of the stele.

The audience immediately quieted down, and everyone opened their eyes wide and looked at the monument.

hum!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

A clear cry!

The first row of ranking information appears.

[No. 3729, Wuxingjie, Xuanye, 0 points]

As soon as the information came out, the crowd rioted again.

"The last one started with 3729 and it looks like there are only 3729 left in the field."

"Yeah! However, why is he only 0 points!"

"Strange! This Xuanye, the old man knows, he is a powerhouse in the early stage of demigods. He scored 5 points in the last round, why is it now 0 points?"

"Brother, what's so strange about this? He must have been killed in the second round, and he was deducted 5 points. In this way, he became 0 points."

"I see!"

"Hehe! He was lucky, he scored 5 points in the last game. If he scored 4 points in the last game, he would be eliminated from the Holy Land."

Just as everyone was talking about it, the new rankings began to show one by one...

hum! hum! hum!

It was at this moment that the spiritual light flashed on the stele, and the ranking information appeared one after another.

[No. 3728, Venus Realm, Tielin, 0 points]

[No. 3727, Liuxingjie, Hundred Moves, 0 points]

At this moment, everyone was staring at the monument carefully, watching nervously.

This ranking is related to their next interests, and no one dares to underestimate it.

Qin Feng and the others also watched silently.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, Qin Feng felt something and turned to look in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

In the next second, the corners of his mouth slightly curled into a smile, and there was even more joy in his eyes.

It turned out that a major event was happening in the first division of the Blue Star Realm.

Perhaps, he will soon be able to get the fourth divine artifact.

Heaven-suppressing divine artifact greatly helped him improve his strength and was beneficial to his third-round chance action.

By the way, he should also help the clone.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng silently opened the Tiandao interface, then took out a giant hammer and put it into the trading channel

After entering the Holy Land, many interfaces are restricted from use.

Only the trading channel of Longyuan Town can still be used.

That is also the only channel for him to communicate with Longyuan Town.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, the first division.

Sangyue Island, the station is in the sky.

The phantom avatar looked at the sea in the distance and silently waited for the Void Soul to come.

Qi Jie, waiting for Long Yuan's disciples, stood behind him, not daring to ask more.

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, the Mirage clone seemed to have a feeling, and turned to look in the direction of the first division.

There is the direction of the 'Ten Ominous Mountain', which is the direction of the ten ominous clan's residence.

In the next second, a smile appeared on the corner of the Mirage clone's mouth.

Unexpectedly, the Yueling clone will face the Ten Fierce Clan so quickly.

And he has to face off against a demigod early stage powerhouse.

Now, the phantom avatar has guessed the identity of the person who came, probably the patriarch of the Wanling Clan - Soul Void Great Venerable.

With his current strength, it is easy to defeat Soul Void Great Senior, but it is almost impossible to kill Soul Void Great Senior.

He originally hoped that the Moon Spirit clone could help him.

Now it seems that he has to wait for the Moon Spirit clone to exterminate the Ten Fierce Clan before he can come to help.

I hope this time, the Moon Spirit clone can destroy the Ten Ominous Clan as soon as possible!

Having said that, today is really eventful!

On his side, he wants to face the Great Venerable Soul Void, and the Moon Spirit clone has already faced the Ten Fierce Clan.

The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone also rushed to the vicinity of the Dragon Taming Clan, and the two sides will soon meet.

This time, Longyuan Town is fighting on three sides!

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar's eyes were fiery, looking in the direction of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and seemed to be looking forward to it...

At the same time, the Ten Ominous Clan was stationed in the sky above the Ten Ominous Mountain.

The two armies were confronting each other in the air.

There are more than 30,000 troops in a wave, all of them are at the prefecture level, and all of them are amazing.

In front of the army, there are ten stalwart figures hanging, all of them have reached the peak of the sky.

These ten people are the top ten leaders of the Ten Ominous Clan, also known as the Ten Ominous.

Standing in the center of the ten murderers is a black-faced strong man, standing 10 feet tall, holding a large serrated knife, exuding murderous aura all over his body!

He is the leader of the ten murderers - the King of Violence!

The momentum exuding from his body suddenly reached 140,000 stars, exceeding the limit of the sky by a full 20,000 stars, which is extremely terrifying!

And the large serrated knife in his hand, called the violent tooth mad knife, the ninth-order low-grade, was transformed by the heaven-suppressing god.

At this moment, the Violent King looked coldly at the Yueling clone in front of him, his eyes full of contempt.

It was this young challenger who actually brought a 7,000-strong army to the lair of their Ten Fierce Clan. He was really courting death.

This guy won't think that now is the rest period, and their Ten Fierce Clan will not dare to kill? !

Thinking of this, the vicious king looked behind Yueling's clone again.

Just behind Yueling's avatar, several miles above the sky, the seven thousand Phoenix disciples looked extremely nervous, and they couldn't hide their fear in their brows.

Seeing this scene, the Violent King laughed 533!

This group of ants-like things are really scared!

In fact, this cannot be blamed on the children of the Phoenix clan.

On the opposite side are not only ten Heaven-level peak powerhouses, but also more than 30,000 children of the Ten Fierce Clan.

Seven thousand to thirty thousand!

They are clueless!

Of course, the most important thing is to see the contest between the top combat powers.

There is only one top combat power on their side, and that is the Moon Spirit clone!

In their opinion, the master's clone might have the same overall strength as the Violent King.

But the tyrannical king still has nine powerful helpers, as well as a divine artifact.

Can the master's clone win?

This thought made the girls even more uneasy.

In front of the team, Feng Ying was so nervous that her palms were sweating.

As servants of their masters, they can die for their masters as a whole, but they don't want such a meaningless sacrifice!

"Mother-in-law, do you think the master's clone can win?"

Feng Ying anxiously asked her mother-in-law Feng Qi beside her.

"This... hey! I don't even know how old I am!"

Granny Feng Qi was also very uneasy, and the palm of her hand holding the crutch was also sweaty.

"Aying! Although I feel that the master's clone is a bit rash, my duty is to fight to the death for the master. No matter what the situation is, we must have the heart to fight to the death!"

Granny Feng Qi secretly cheered.

"Mother-in-law, I understand!"

Feng Ying silently took a deep breath and said no more.

At this moment, the two armies faced each other like this.

The atmosphere in the field is tense!

Everyone knows that the leaders of the two sides have to have a fight before they can fully fight!

Then it all depends on the Moon Spirit clone!

At this moment, the Moon Spirit clone was the focus of the audience.

Compared to the fear and anxiety of the Phoenix clan, the Yueling clone had a calm expression.

At this moment, his eyes fell on the Violent King's serrated mad knife, and the depths of his eyes were hot.

Another piece of heavenly fetish!

If he grabs this divine artifact and transfers it to the main body, it will definitely be of great help to the main body.

Only when this thought came, the Yueling clone seemed to sense something, and opened the Heavenly Dao interface as if no one else was there.

In the next second, a white light flashed in his hand, and there was an extra giant hammer, which was three feet long, exuding eight deep and one shallow brilliance, and the momentum was shocking!

[Skybreaker: Quasi-Ninth-Order Weapon]

This is the giant hammer that the main body traded, a quasi-ninth-order weapon that the main body obtained from the giant power god.

As soon as he saw the Heaven-shattering Hammer, Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up, and his heart was calm.

With this giant hammer, it will be easier for him to kill the Violent King and others!

"Hey! That giant hammer..."

"It's a quasi-ninth-order weapon!"