"My God! He actually has a quasi-ninth-order weapon!"

At the same time, the ten violent kings also recognized the rank of the giant hammer, and they were all astonished.

In the next second, greed appeared in the eyes of those ten people.

Chapter four hundred and sixty-seven beat the ten murderers! Sweep the field!

"I didn't expect it! This kid actually has a giant hammer of the quasi-ninth order!"

The ten vicious leaders stared at the Sky Breaker one by one, salivating.

The rank of a weapon can be judged from the brilliance it emits.

The ninth-order weapon emits nine dazzling halos.

The brilliance emanating from this Heaven-shattering Hammer, eight deep and one shallow, is the sign of the quasi-ninth rank.

"Boss of the Violent King! This little thief's hammer is too suitable for me! Let me kill this little thief!"

At this time, a bald strong man stepped forward.

This person is the Earth Bear King among the ten evils, ranking seventh.

But as soon as his voice fell, another strong man came out.

"Old Seven! This giant hammer is more suitable for me!"

This strong man is the King of the Tigers among the ten evils, ranking sixth.

The Earth Bear King was annoyed: "Liu Liu, your axe is an eighth-order weapon. You already have such a good weapon, why are you still arguing with me?"

"Haha! Seventh, although the mountain-opening axe is good, compared with this giant hammer, it is obviously inferior. Otherwise, I will give you my mountain-opening axe. What will this giant hammer do to me?"

"Huh! Sixth, I'm the first to look at this giant hammer, how can I let you?!"

"Hey! The giant hammer hasn't been in your hands yet, and it's not yours, why can't I fight for it?"

At the moment, the two actually quarreled over the ownership of the giant hammer, and they didn't take the Moon Spirit clone seriously!

Seeing this scene, the disciples of the Feng clan frowned and felt very unhappy in their hearts.

These two guys don't take the master's avatar seriously!

This is a humiliation to the master's avatar, which is a humiliation to them!

Thinking of this, the disciples of the Feng clan were very angry!

At this moment, the Violent King spoke up.

"Don't fight the two of you!"

"Boss!"

"Big brother!"

Both the Earth Bear King and the Heavenly Tiger King were unwilling.

The Violent King said impatiently, "If you two really want this giant hammer, just shoot! Whoever grabs it first will own it!"

"it is good!"

"As it should be!"

Rejoice for the two!

boom! boom!

In the next second, the two of them rushed towards Yueling's clone at the same time.

In the blink of an eye, the two fierce kings had already been killed!

"Bring the giant hammer!"

boom! boom!

At that moment, the two fierce kings shot at the same time!

The King of the Tigers slashed wildly with an axe!

click! click! click!

Where the giant axe passes, the space is split, and the law is broken!

The Earth Bear King slammed it down with all his strength!

boom! boom! boom!

Wherever the hammer wind passed, everything shattered inch by inch!

The two attacks fell together, and the attack power suddenly reached the limit of the peak of the sky!

Seeing this scene, the disciples of the Feng clan were immediately moved and their eyes widened nervously.

"Master be careful!"

Feng Ying exclaimed nervously!

On the other side, the disciples of the Ten Fierce Clan smiled, all of them looking like they were watching a good show.

In their opinion, the Moon Spirit clone is doomed!

In an instant, two attacks are about to fall!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

The Heavenly Tiger King and the Earth Bear King both showed hideous expressions, and they shot with all their might, but did not hold back at all.

There was only one thought in their hearts, that is, to kill this local boy quickly, and then compete with each other for the ownership of the giant hammer.

From beginning to end, they didn't take Moon Spirit clone seriously.

It was at this moment that Yueling's clone made a move!

boom!

With a wave of his hand, the Heaven-shattering Hammer in his hand instantly transformed into a hundred-zhang-long super giant hammer, soaring into the sky and smashing towards the two fierce kings!

Bang!

A loud bang!

Click!

The vast void was smashed through!

The two fierce kings were directly smashed, turned into meat sauce, and the blood mist was flying all over the sky!

Terrible scream!

Echoing in the void!

The whole world is shaking violently!

boom!

At this moment, the whole theater shook!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

OMG!

That challenge killed two leaders with one blow!

The disciples of the Ten Fierce Clan looked at the Moon Spirit clone in horror!

Eyes wide open!

The disciples of the Feng clan also opened their mouths in shock!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Time freezes at that moment!

In the next second, two dazzling white lights flew out of the two blood mists and poured into the body of the Moon Spirit.

That represents two huge gains!

It's just that the body has not left the Holy Land and cannot be transformed for the time being.

boom!

At this moment, there was an earth-shattering cheering in the field!

The children of the Feng clan exclaimed in surprise!

They did not expect that the master's clone was so powerful.

Killing two heaven-level peaks with one hammer, there should be a combat power close to the threshold of a demigod.

It seems that the master's strength in the Holy Land has greatly increased!

"This... how is this possible!"

On the other side, the remaining eight ten evil leaders were dumbfounded!

"Damn! Fit! Quickly fit!"

At this moment, the vicious king came to his senses and immediately roared loudly!

All the murderous kings woke up and pinched a peculiar seal in their hands.

The Violent King is even more offering sacrifices - the ninth-order serrated mad knife!

hum!

In just an instant, he completed the integration of human and machine, and his combat power soared to 150,000 stars.

The next second, the leaders of the other seven fierce kings turned into seven golden lights and poured into the violent fierce king's body one after another.

click! click! click!

In the next second, the Violent King's body continued to expand, and in a blink of an eye he turned into a monster with a height of ten feet and eight heads and sixteen arms!

The aura of combat power emanating from his body suddenly reached the threshold of the demigod realm, and his aura was astonishing!

The disciples of the Feng clan were stunned, and their eyes widened again in horror.

The next second, the eight-headed monsters slaughtered towards the Moon Spirit clone!

"Little thief! Take your life!"

In the blink of an eye, the monster was approaching!

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

The serrated mad knife slashed down with incomparable speed!

The knife shines brightly!

Everywhere you go, everything is cut open!

Leaving a huge space gap in the air!

"roll!"

At this moment, Yueling clone shot again!

boom!

He blasted away with a hammer, and the world trembled!

That giant hammer instantly turned into a thousand zhang long!

One after another, terrifying!

In just a moment, the knife and hammer collided!

Bang!

A loud bang like a world-destroying sound!

Thousands of miles of heaven and earth are shaking violently!

In the next second, the eight-headed monster screamed and was smashed to pieces, and turned into eight fierce kings again, all of them vomited blood and flew upside down.

boom!