Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The disciples of the Ten Fierce Clan were dumbfounded again!

Oh my God!

The combined power of the eight leaders could not stop that person's hammer!

The Feng family was once again stunned!

It was not until this moment that they knew that they had greatly underestimated the master's avatar!

The master's avatar is too strong!

In the next second, the phoenix clan erupted in shocking cheers again, even more enthusiastic than the last time!

Wow! Wow! Wow!

On the other side, the eight violent kings vomited blood again and again!

Afterwards, they looked at the Moon Spirit clone in horror, with boundless fear in their hearts!

This kid's strength is terrifying!

Together, they can't resist each other's blow!

Even if the Heavenly Tiger King and the Earth Bear King were still alive, ten of them would not be able to join forces.

At this thought, boundless fear surged in the hearts of the eight people!

At this moment, there was only one thought in their minds.

That is escape!

Run away!

If you hesitate for a while, it will be too late!

"Escape! Scatter and escape!"

The Violent King screamed!

In the next second, the Eight Fierce Kings will be heading in eight directions, fleeing everywhere!

More than 30,000 ten murderous children are all dumbfounded!

Immediately, they also reacted, collapsed and fled everywhere!

Even the leader has fled, if they don't flee, when will they wait? !

"Not good! Don't let them escape!"

Seeing this scene, Feng Qi's mother-in-law became anxious.

But the other party has more than 30,000 people, scattered and fled, if they want to chase and kill them, they must not!

Not to mention killing all the more than 30,000 children, even if there are eight murderous kings, the master's clone can't be killed cleanly!

Eight Heaven-level peak powerhouses fled in eight directions, how can the master's clone go after them?

He can kill three or four at most!

Only in this way, several fierce kings will escape, leaving hidden dangers to Longyuan Town!

In fact, the vicious king and others also had this idea.

The eight of them only need to escape a few, and then go to the Six Dao Clan and the Daluo Clan to ask for help.

One day, they will make a comeback and avenge today's blood revenge!

Just when Granny Feng Qi was anxious, and when the Violent King and others thought they could survive, the mutation in the field regenerated!

"Can you escape?!"

Yueling clone sneered.

This time, he came to slaughter all the children of the Ten Fierce Clan, not one of them!

Therefore, no one can escape!

Thinking of this, the body of the moon spirit avatar lit up with aura!

The law of life is activated instantly!

Infinite fission!

In the next second, Yueling's clone is divided into two, two into four, and four into eight.

In a blink of an eye, he became a sixteen-month-old avatar, and the combat power of each one reached the limit of the peak of the sky.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Immediately afterwards, the eight moon spirit clones chased and killed the eight murderous kings.

One of the moon spirit clones, holding a sky-shattering hammer, chased after the strongest violent king

These moon spirit clones have mastered many SS-level and S-level talents, and it is easy to crush the same level!

They chased and killed the eight murderous kings, and they were able to capture them at their fingertips.

There are also the remaining eight moon spirit clones, and they will kill more than 30,000 children of ten clans.

boom! boom! boom!

As soon as the eight moon spirit clones made their move, the field screamed again and again, and thousands of people were killed in the blink of an eye.

Feng Qi's mother-in-law was full of surprises!

The next second, she excitedly shouted: "Feng clan children, kill with the old man!"

"kill!"

All of a sudden, there was a coquettish roar in the arena, and the killing sound shook the sky!

More than 7,000 Feng Clan disciples went to cover up and kill the Ten Fierce Clan army!

A **** massacre begins!

The children of the ten murderers were chopped up in pieces, and the corpses rolled down one by one

In this way, the Ten Ominous Clan completely collapsed, and it has become a foregone conclusion to be exterminated.

At the same time, inside the Holy Land, Safe Zone No. 73, on the square.

After Qin Feng traded out the Heaven-shattering Hammer, he looked up at the ranking **** tablet.

Only a dozen or so rankings have been announced, and it will take some time for the four of them to be announced.

"Yue'er, come with me!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng waved, and the two turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

It turned out that they entered zero-dimensional space.

At this moment, everyone is looking at the rankings, but no one pays attention to him.

"Hey! What is Dad doing?"

Xiao Luan is curious.

Feng Xi was also puzzled.

Not long after, the white light flashed in the field, and Qin Feng appeared again.

However, Feng Xi and the others have discovered that Qin Feng is a little different in front of him.

As soon as they distinguished it carefully, they found that the body in front of them was the polar yang.

"Dad, have you left Sister Yue'er in the zero-dimensional space?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

Ji Yang Ontology smiled and nodded: "Well, I need her time force field. Right now, Extreme Yin Ontology is refining the Knowledge Enhancement Pill."

Xiao Luan'er was puzzled: "Dad, why are you in such a hurry to refine the knowledge enhancement pill?"

Ji Yang's body said: "Feng Xi was right before! Tiandao suddenly rewarded a lot of knowledge enhancement pills, and it is estimated that it has something to do with the chance of the next round. I naturally want to take advantage of the new opportunity before the competition starts. melted."

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Master did the right thing! Be prepared! In the competition of chance, time is a race against time, and the master refines it ahead of time, which is beneficial but not harmful!"

Xiao Luan'er nodded his head if he realized something.

Immediately, she smiled and said, "Dad, when you refine those four awareness enhancement pills, your divine awareness range is 32,000 miles, which is a top-notch existence in the peak of demigods."

Ji Yang's body smiled without saying a word.

Suddenly, he turned his head to look in the direction of the Blue Star Realm, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

At this moment, Ji Yang's body sensed that the Moon Spirit clone had cut down the Ten Ominous Clan, and was chasing and killing the Ten Ominous Clan's children.

Then, the anode body turned to look in another direction.

At this moment, he sensed again that the phantom avatar had already encountered the Great Venerable Soul Void, and another battle was inevitable.

Chapter 468 Deterring the Dragon, Xing Gu is dispatched!

Thinking of this, the anode body took out a long handle

That sword radiated eight rays of brilliance, and it was actually an eighth-order long sword called the 'Blade of the Broken Sea', which was also obtained by the players who killed the demigods in the early stage.

In the second round of chance, he not only gained points and divine essence, but also gained a lot of loot.

The items dropped by the early demigod players are not as bad.

After taking out the long knife, the Jiyang body will open the Tiandao light screen and put it in the trading channel

After doing this, he breathed a sigh of relief and smiled with satisfaction.

Afterwards, he refocused on the ranking **** monument in the field.

The above rankings have only been announced to a hundred or so.

At the same moment, Sangyue Island station was in the sky.

The Mirage clone looked forward with a sneer at the corner of his mouth.

Just a few miles ahead, two figures were flying straight towards him.

The speed and momentum were extremely terrifying, and it was obvious at a glance that both of them were powerhouses above the peak of the sky.

"Boss! Here are two super experts!"

"These two people are so strong, they should be the leaders of the mysterious forces!"

"Looks hard to deal with!"

Qi Jie and the others looked a little nervous.

"You go down and watch the battle!"

The Mirage clone spoke lightly.

"Yes!"

Qi Jie and the others did not dare to neglect, and they all fell back to the square.

They knew that it was the Mirage clone protecting them.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Because there is a guardian altar in the station, you can turn on the invincible mode twice to resist attacks of any level.

This also made them guess that the enemy should be very strong, otherwise the boss would not have ordered it like that.

At this thought, Qi Jie and the others' hearts were suspended again, and they watched nervously one by one.

At the same moment, the phantom avatar seemed to sense something and opened the Tiandao light screen.

The next second, white light flashed.

In his hand there is a broad-faced long knife with a long white blade and a long handle.

[Blade of the Broken Sea: Eighth-Order Weapon, Water Attribute]

[Reminder: You can only control this knife if you master the laws of space and water. 】

[Reminder: When used in the water boundary, the power of this knife is greatly increased, comparable to the quasi-ninth order. 】

After reading the information, the Mirage clone showed a satisfied smile.

The place where he is located is the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations. It is the realm where this sword can show its might, and it should be able to exert the power of the quasi-ninth order.