Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The weapon given by the body is really suitable!

The mirage avatar grasped the handle of the knife, and his confidence increased.

At this moment, he will try his best to keep Great Venerable Soul Void behind.

Counting the time, it was only about six hours before the Holy Land closed.

As soon as that Daokong and Luo Tian came out, they would definitely unite with the ten mysterious forces to deal with Qin Feng and Longyuan Town together.

It's not good for him!

Naturally, the sooner he destroys some mysterious forces, the better.

Now, here comes the leader of a mysterious force!

Illusory Mirage looked up at 893 points, and the two of them were already thousands of feet away.

At the same moment, Soul Void Great Senior and the coffin have long seen every move of the phantom avatar.

When they saw that the Mirage clone actually took out a long knife, they all frowned.

What does this guy mean?

They came to the Blood Moon Clan to inquire about the news.

But before they could get close, the guy took out his weapon.

"Patriarch, the kid in front is a little weird! He took out his weapon before I got close. Judging from his appearance, he doesn't look like a blood moon clan boy!"

The coffin couldn't help muttering.

Soul Void Great Senior sneered: "Of course he is not a child of the Blood Moon Clan! He is a challenger!"

"What?!" The coffin was shocked.

It turned out that Soul Void Great Senior had already spied on the details of the Mirage clone.

Immediately, the coffin said in surprise: "Patriarch, is he Qin Feng? Dare to appear in the blood moon clan's residence, only the rumored Qin Feng is possible."

The Soul Void Lord shook his head slightly: "It's not like! This talent is only at the level of the earth! How can that Qin Feng be at the level of the earth? Besides, Qin Feng should be in the Holy Land."

"Patriarch, maybe Qin Feng was too weak and was eliminated from the Holy Land in advance!"

"Makes sense!"

Having said that, he looked around the whole island again and whispered in his mouth.

"Strange! Why is there no one from the Blood Moon Clan on the entire island? Blood Shura and Yedra are not there, there are only two hundred or so challengers!"

These words made the coffin look stunned.

Afterwards, he said solemnly: "The patriarch, Xue Shura and Yedra have all disappeared, and this place is occupied by challengers. It seems that the disappearance of Soul Shadow Taishang has a lot to do with these challengers."

Soul Void Da Zun nodded slightly, "It should be the ghost they made! The old man's younger brother should be more fortunate and less fortunate!"

Speaking of which, Great Senior Soul Void's face was extremely gloomy.

After a while, the two reached the sky above the square, and they were only a hundred feet away from the phantom avatar before they stopped.

As soon as the coffin was explored, it was found that the phantom avatar was indeed at the Earth-level realm.

He probed towards Qi Jie and the others below, all of them were at the Earth-level realm, and he couldn't help but show disdain in his eyes.

It's just the prefecture-level realm, and he didn't care about it at all.

However, the doubts in his heart are even bigger, that is, where did the Blood Moon Clan go?

The Soul Void Great Senior was not in a hurry.

As soon as he reached the sky above the square, his consciousness swept through the audience arrogantly, looking for the whereabouts of the soul shadow, but found nothing.

Then, he slowly raised his head and looked at the phantom avatar with a cold and arrogant face.

"You are from Longyuan Town! Who is in charge here?! Let the people in charge speak out!"

Soul Void Great Senior has confirmed that these challengers are people from Longyuan Town.

These ant-like earth-level boys are not qualified to talk to him yet.

"Who is Your Excellency?"

The Mirage clone smiled and asked.

Soul Void Great Senior frowned, and there was impatience between his brows.

The coffin hurriedly stepped forward and sneered: "This is the head of my clan—the Great Venerable Soul Void, the Great Venerable of the Half-God Realm! If you know a little bit, then tell Qin Feng to get out!"

As soon as these words fell, there was a burst of exclamation below.

Qi Jie and the others changed their colors one after another!

Oh my God!

That white-haired old man is actually a demigod powerhouse!

This situation is not good!

Qi Jie and the others panicked!

They also don't know whether the phantom avatar can deal with the illusory soul.

The phantom avatar smiled.

He finally figured out who he was.

The Great Venerable Soul Void, the patriarch of the Wanling Clan, has a divine artifact in his hands!

"This deity is in charge!"

Mirage clone does not hide.

The coffin was furious: "You?! Humph! A small prefecture-level realm can also be in charge? Don't talk nonsense! Let you guys come out!"

"it is me!"

"Stubborn! Courting death!"

Swish!

As soon as the voice fell, the coffin rushed directly to the phantom avatar.

This ignorant thing, dared to glib in front of him, really thought that he would not kill people during the rest period? !

With his strength, he is not afraid of being deducted a thousand points.

It turned out that the coffin was a paranoid and self-righteous person who only believed in what he believed.

boom!

In the blink of an eye, the coffin came to the front, and slapped the phantom avatar with a palm.

Soul Void Great Senior looked at this scene coldly, with a sneer at the corner of his mouth.

He also hopes that the coffin can kill the phantom avatar, so as to kill the chicken and warn the monkey!

It was at this moment that the Mirage clone shot.

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

Swish!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The coffin didn't even have time to let out a scream, and was cut in half with a knife!

The corpse tumbled in the air!

The blood mist splashed all over the sky!

The soul is dumbfounded!

In the next second, a white light flew from the corpse and poured into the body of the phantom mirage, and got another huge gain.

The sky-shattering roar of Soul Void Great Venerable also sounded in the field!

"Little thief! This deity is going to kill you!"

At this moment, he knew that the boy in front of him was really Qin Feng!

He never thought that a kid at the prefecture-level realm is Qin Feng, who has been in the limelight recently!

He didn't even expect that the phantom avatar was only at the earth-level realm, and it could instantly kill his general, the coffin.

You know, the coffin is a peak powerhouse of heaven!

At this moment, Soul Void Great Venerable sacrificed a long sword that was half black and half white, exuding strange mental fluctuations.

That is the ninth-order weapon - the sword of reincarnation, which was transformed by the divine object.

Boom!

In just an instant, Soul Void Great Senior and Samsara Realm completed the integration of human and machine, and the combat power skyrocketed by 10,000 stars, reaching 210,000 stars.

Boom!

In the next second, he slaughtered towards the Mirage clone!

The overwhelming divine might radiated from him and instantly enveloped the entire station!

click! click! click!

Under the crushing power of the gods, the ground below cracked!

Qi Jie looked terrified!

At this moment, the phantom avatar strikes again!

hum!

The Broken Sea Blade in his hand suddenly lit up with a dazzling white light!

Boom!

Suddenly, around the island, the sea water in a radius of hundreds of miles, huge waves!

The endless power of the waters swarmed wildly into the sky!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Swish!

Illusory Mirage cloned with a knife, directly slashing at Soul Void Great Venerable!

Boom!

That knife slashed, and the power of the water within a radius of hundreds of miles was automatically superimposed on the knife.

It is like the gravity of a sea area, all superimposed on it, so that its power is greatly increased!

In the blink of an eye, the swords collided!

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Sound waves sway!

Explosion everywhere!

The sea around the island is even more terrifying, like the end of the world!

In the next second, Great Venerable Soul Void groaned, and he vomited blood and flew out!

"Wow!"

The Great Venerable Soul Void flew thousands of feet away before he stabilized his body and couldn't help spitting out a large mouthful of blood.

Then, he looked up in shock and looked at the Mirage clone.

This guy's combat power has reached 300,000 stars, which is a lot stronger than him!

Now, he understands why the children of the Blood Moon Clan have disappeared.

Why did his brother disappear too!