Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

It was all caused by the Qin Feng thief in front of him!

However, this little thief is too powerful!

He is not an opponent!

He has to flee back quickly, relying on the resident formation in the clan, he should be able to save his life.

Thinking of this, he turned around and ran away!

At this moment, Soul Void Great Venerable no longer has the mind to fight against the phantom avatar.

The difference in strength is too great!

Even if the 'Suppressing Heavenly Artifact' had the ability to resurrect infinitely, he would not dare to die with the Mirage clone.

Of course, he also firmly believed that the phantom avatar could not kill him!

Not to mention the phantom avatar, even if it is a real mid-stage demigod powerhouse, it is impossible to kill him.

Because he has the Samsara sword and masters the S-level soul path talent, he has the strongest resurrection ability.

In this way, as soon as the Great Venerable Soul Void was invincible, he held the sword of reincarnation and fled back desperately.

Great Senior Soul Void didn't know that the one who fought against him just now was just a clone of Qin Feng, not Qin Feng himself.

If Qin Feng himself came, he would have no chance to escape at all.

However, it is said that if the Soul Void Da Zun escapes, the phantom avatar will naturally not let it go.

With a flash of his figure, he chased after him.

In this way, as soon as the two chased and fled, they flew out of Sangyue Island in a blink of an eye.

Qi Jie and the others stared blankly at the backs of the two of them, their mood difficult to calm down for a long time!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

After a long time, someone in the field whispered.

"The boss's strength has become much stronger!"

"Yeah! His clone slashed a demigod early stage powerhouse with one knife. It's amazing! I wonder how strong his body is?"

"I'm afraid it's in the middle stage of the demigod!"

As soon as these words fell, Qi Jie and the others sighed again!

These disciples did not know that Qin Feng had obtained the means of religious sacrifice.

The strength of his body is not only in the middle of the demigod, but at the peak of the demigod.

Just when the phantom avatar was chasing and killing Soul Void Great Venerable, a big event was happening over a valley in the first competition area.

That valley, named Dragon Raising Valley, is the residence of the Dragon Taming Clan.

Dragon Taming Clan, ranked sixth among the top ten mysterious forces, above the Ten Fierce Clan.

At this moment, the two armies in the valley confront each other!

There are more than 40,000 people in the group, and they are the children of the Dragon Taming Clan.

The other group of 14,000 people were the disciples of Long Yuan.

At this moment, the two groups of people are glaring at each other, and the atmosphere is tense!

There is a great potential!

However, they didn't do anything, but looked at the sky.

I saw that above the sky, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone stood side by side.

Just across from them, a man in black stood on the back of a black dragon, with his hands behind his back, and looked at them arrogantly.

That man in black is the patriarch of Dragon Taming Town—Dragon Slayer!

At this moment, Da Zun Xielong smiled coldly, and started a seal in his hand.

hum!

In the next second, the black dragon under his feet turned into a golden light, pouring into his body

Skill - Psychic Integration!

click! click! click!

In an instant, a set of black dragon-scale battle armor emerged from Da Zun's whole body, and his momentum soared, reaching 180,000 stars in a blink of an eye!

Afterwards, he took out a ninth-order black long spear - the Falling Dragon Spear!

That's what the **** of heaven has turned into!

hum!

In the next second, the other device became one, and the momentum skyrocketed to 190,000 stars again, which was very close to the threshold of the demigod realm.

Seeing this scene, the children of the Dragon Trainer clan cheered!

There is boundless adoration in those cries!

boom! boom!

But at this moment, the Ice Spirit clone and the Wood Spirit clone suddenly shot, and both punches slammed into the Great Senior Dragon at the same time!

boom!

In the next second, Da Zun Long was bombarded on the spot and turned into a blood fog all over the sky!

Thousands of miles of heaven and earth are shaking!

The cheers from the audience stopped abruptly!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

At the same moment, in the residence of the ancient Xing clan, two figures rose into the sky.

One of them is Xing Gu in the middle stage of the demigod!

At this moment, he looked at the direction of the Blood Moon Clan's station, his expression was gloomy.

Beside him, Taishang Xing Jin looked respectful.

"Patriarch, Xing Cang sent a message back, saying that there were no children of the Blood Moon clan on Sangyue Island, only some challengers. But then, he lost contact, and Gu Ming couldn't contact either. Something must have happened to the two of them."

"Judging from the current situation, the Blood Moon Island is likely to be occupied by Qin Feng. Otherwise, such an outrageous thing cannot happen!"

Xing Jin analyzed it carefully.

Xing Gu sneered: "Just make sure Qin Feng is in Sangyue Island! The deity is going to settle accounts with him!"

"Patriarch, are you planning to go to Sangyue Island now? That kid seems to be still in the Holy Land."

"Whether he is there or not, let's go into his lair first! This son grows very fast, he cannot be allowed to grow, he must be killed as soon as possible!"

"Patriarch, the old man will go with you!"

"No! You stay in the clan! Your speed is too slow! If the deity goes alone, at the deity's speed, he can reach Sangyue Island in more than an hour! In short, the sooner Qin Feng is destroyed, the better! "

Xing Jin nodded: "It's still the patriarch who thought it through!"

"That's it! You are in the clan, waiting for good news for this deity!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xing Gu flew towards Sangyue Island.

Looking at the back of Xing Gu leaving, Xing Jin breathed a sigh of relief.

This time, at the expense of several elites, they finally found Qin Feng's trace.

Presumably as soon as the patriarch arrives, he will be able to get rid of Qin Feng!

After all, their patriarch is a mid-stage demigod with a combat power of over 400,000 stars, and he still has a divine artifact in his hand. It is not easy to kill Qin Feng.

As long as Qin Feng is eliminated, their Xinggu clan will be able to secure third place in the next round.

Thinking of this, Xing Jin showed a confident smile.

At the same moment, in the sky over the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, the phantom avatar was chasing and killing Great Venerable Soul Void all the way.

The Soul Void Great Venerable's combat power is not outstanding, but there are many methods of resurrection and healing.

It is unlikely that the Mirage clone wants to kill him.

However, the phantom avatar did not give up and entangled all the way.

He is silently waiting for the Moon Spirit clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone to come and help

It's just that he didn't know that at this moment, Xing Gu was also rushing in the direction of Wanjiehai.

Chapter four hundred and sixty-ninth, another fetish! Amazing ranking!

On the other side, inside the Holy Land, Security Zone 73.

The rankings on the stele are constantly being announced.

The crowd watched eagerly.

Although most people do not receive ranking rewards, this does not affect their enthusiasm for ranking attention.

At least they can know how much the gap is, and they will have a bottom-up plan for the next round of opportunities.

Before I knew it, the ranking on the monument was announced, and it began to enter the top 100.

The enthusiasm of the people has also increased!

"Finally the top 100 is announced!"

"I don't know what the reward for the top 100 this time is?"

"I don't know! However, it is definitely richer than the first round! According to the previous rules, it will be several times richer than the first round!"

"Tsk tsk! So rich!"

"Yeah! I really envy those who can enter the top 100!"

In the crowd, envy came one after another.

At this time, someone muttered.

"Hey! This time, some demigods can enter the top 100 in the early stage. I think I only have more than 2,000 in the middle stage of demigods. I really can't afford to lose that person!"

"The old man's demigod peak is only more than a thousand! All face is lost!"

"Hey! The two of you, this is really not a problem for me, but the rules of the Tao of Heaven are biased towards those who exceed the order!"

"Yeah! I hope that the third round of chances will stop making those weird rules!"

There were quite a few in the middle stage of the demigod and the peak of the demigod in the crowd, and their tone of voice was a little unhappy wherever they were.

The rules of the second round really made those people with high realm and low talent suffer a big loss.

The so-called leapfrog ability, to put it bluntly, is the same-level combat power and talent level.

A person like Qin Feng who has a bunch of S-rank and SS-rank talents and has super-strength combat power, it is easy to climb up the ranks.

Not only him, but also Fengxi's three daughters.

So after the second round of opportunity, Qin Feng's four points were a bit scary.

For example, now, the 87th place is announced on the monument, and the points are only 46 points.

In the corner, Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er both showed knowing smiles when they saw this scene.

With such a trend of points, it is basically stable for them to enter the top four!

Next to it, Ji Yang's body also looked at all this calmly.

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and opened the Tiandao light screen again and entered the trading channel.

In the next second, a white light flashed in Ji Yang's body, and there was an extra long knife with nine brilliance serrations.

[Sawtooth Crazy Blade: Ninth-order low-grade, transformed from the goddess of the sky. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level killing law before you can control and refine this knife. 】

Seeing this, Ji Yang's eyes lit up with ecstasy in his eyes.

Another piece of heaven-suppressing fetish has arrived!

As for the law of S-rank killing, he has already mastered it.