Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Therefore, he can easily refine this divine artifact.

It turned out that the Moon Spirit clone had just killed the Violent King and captured the Serrated Crazy Blade.

After he traded the serrated mad knife, he continued to slaughter the children of the Ten Fierce Clan...

At this moment, Ji Yang's body looked at the serrated mad knife with satisfaction, his eyes fiery.

If he integrates the Serrated Crazy Blade into the Blade of the God-Defying God, his overall strength will skyrocket again.

However, he doesn't have time to refine it now, and he has to wait for the ranking rewards to be announced.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body happily put away the serrated mad knife.

The fourth piece of heaven-suppressing fetish has arrived.

Next, there should be a fifth and sixth.

Thinking of this, he raised his head to look in the direction of the Blue Star Realm again, and the scene of the Dragon Taming Clan's station reappeared in his mind...

At this moment, the Dragon Taming Clan is stationed in the sky above the Dragon Raising Valley.

The Great Senior of Deterrence Long was blasted into a cloud of blood!

The Falling Dragon Spear, which was transformed into a divine object, was wrapped in blood mist, constantly exuding aura, trying to revive the Great Deterrence Dragon.

But the Bingling clone kept releasing soul thorns, bombarding the soul body hidden in the falling dragon spear, preventing the resurrection of the Dragon King, and frantically bombarding the blood mist.

In the blood fog, the momentum of the spirit body of the Great Senior Dragon continued to plummet.

"Forgive your life! Forgive your life! Lord Qin Feng! Please spare your life!"

The Bing Ling clone simply ignored it and was still frantically killing it!

On the other side, the clone of Mu Ling led Liu Xuan and other more than 14,000 Longyuan disciples, and began to frantically slaughter the dragon-training children.

More than 40,000 dragon-training disciples have been slaughtered!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The rest of the children are fleeing everywhere!

Wails are heard one after another!

There are already corpses all over the field, and rivers of blood flow!

Seeing this scene, Ji Yang Ontology knew that the overall situation had been decided.

Before long, Longyuan Town will destroy the Dragon Taming Clan and take down the fifth divine artifact - the Falling Dragon Spear!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's main body's mind switched and docked with the phantom avatar.

The next second, he saw that Soul Void Great Venerable was extremely embarrassed, fleeing in the sky over the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

The Mirage clone was chasing after him, and he had already slashed dozens of times along the way.

If it weren't for Soul Void Great Venerable's ability to heal wounds, it would have already become a dead end.

However, it is only a matter of time before Soul Void Great Venerable falls.

Because the Moon Spirit clone is coming soon.

It won't be long before the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone will come over.

At that time, when the four avatars join forces, the Great Venerable Soul Void will surely die!

Then the reincarnation sword in his hand will also be his own.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body withdrew his thoughts, and his heart was full of expectations.

"Dad! Look at the rankings!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan's reminder rang in his ear.

Jiyang body quickly looked up and looked at the ranking **** monument.

I saw it, the latest row of ranking information appeared…

[31st place, Blue Star Realm, Daokong, 85 points (51 points in this round)]

"Hey! It's Dao Kong!"

The anode body is somewhat unexpected.

This Six Paths Patriarch, who was the 101st in the last round, was just squeezed out of the top 100.

Unexpectedly, he won the 31st place this time.

This is a very good result!

"Dad, that Dao Kong entered the top 100! It's still a relatively high ranking!"

Xiao Luan murmured softly.

The anode body nodded slightly.

At this time, Feng Xi also leaned in and whispered.

"Master, it stands to reason that the second round is more difficult to obtain points than the first round. That Kong Kong only scored 34 points in the first round, and actually scored 51 points in the second round. This shows that he has a piece in his hand that greatly improves his combat power. treasure."

"And this treasure can make his comprehensive combat power exceed the limit of 800,000 stars, so it is possible to break 50 points in the second round."

Feng Xi analyzed it in a low voice.

This woman is very wise, and her analysis is close to the truth.

Daokong was able to break through 800,000 stars with the help of a low-grade artifact.

In the first round of refining Divine Essence, it was impossible to use combat power.

"Breaking 800,000 stars?! This is a little troublesome!"

The anode body couldn't help frowning.

With his current comprehensive strength, facing the 700,000-star demigod peak, there is not much chance of winning, let alone against the 800,000-star powerhouse.

Of course, with his current strength, it is impossible for a peak demigod to kill him!

"Dad, can that Dao Kong really exert an 800,000-star combat power? If that's the case, then our S-rank mission will be very difficult to complete!"

Xiao Luan'er looked worried.

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "Don't worry! It's still too early for the task deadline! We have a chance! For example, the ranking of points this time will definitely be rewarded with great benefits. At that time, we will have another opportunity to improve our strength. "

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Yes! Dad, I hope this time the ranking reward will be stronger than the first round."

Ji Yang's body smiled: "Don't worry! This round of rewards will definitely be richer than the last time!"

As soon as these words fell, he sensed something again, and his eyes glowed again, unable to hide his joy.

"Dad, what's wrong?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

Ji Yang's body smiled and said, "The Ji-yin body has refined all the four knowledge enhancement pills."

Xiao Luan'er was pleasantly surprised: "Wow! That's great! Dad, in this way, your range of consciousness is 32,000 miles, which is considered the top among these players."

Ji Yang's body smiled: "That's right! However, we can't be complacent. Maybe there are experts who are good at divine consciousness here."

Feng Xi interjected: "Master, no matter what. You refined the knowledge enhancement pill in advance, which is definitely beneficial to our next chance competition! If the next round of chance is really related to divine consciousness, then we will make a lot of money. "

Ji Yang's body is also looking forward to it: "I hope so!"

hum!

At this moment, the monument trembled!

New rankings continue to appear above.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er also paid attention to the past again.

However, the body of Jiyang took out the 'serrated mad knife' and sent it directly into the zero-degree space.

Now that the extreme yin body has finished refining the knowledge enhancement pill, the next free time should be used to refine the divine artifact.

Refining a god-defying artifact, the blade of the anti-god, can give him 10,000-star combat power back.

Refining two heaven-suppressing artifacts can feed back 25,000-star combat power.

Refining three divine artifacts can feed back 45,000-star combat power.

I don't know how much combat power can be fed back by refining the four heaven-suppressing artifacts?

At this thought, Ji Yang's body was full of expectations.

At this moment, he has already sensed that the extreme yin body has begun to refine the 'serrated mad knife'.

The anode body is looking forward to it!

Afterwards, he retracted his distracting thoughts and continued to pay attention to the rankings...

Unknowingly, the ranking information on the monument has reached the tenth place.

The atmosphere in the field became more fiery and the mood became more tense.

At this moment, even Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er became nervous.

Already in the top ten, their rankings will appear soon.

This time, can they win the top four?

The more Feng Xi girls thought about it, the more nervous they became.

In the square, people also murmured enthusiastically.

"It's finally the turn of the top ten! The rewards for the top ten are even more generous!"

"Yeah! In the last round, Qin Feng won the first place. I wonder how he can get the first place this time?"

"At present, it seems that he has entered the top ten, and his name has not appeared yet!"

"right!"

"Hey! That kid is so lucky!"

"Haha! It's not surprising that he can enter the top ten this time! After all, he scored 93 points for cheating in the first round. However, whether he can win the first place in this round, I don't know!"

"I think he probably won't get the first place!"

"That's right! Not every time, he can cheat. If he is really capable, he is afraid that it will be difficult for him to enter the top three."

The crowd murmured!

Many people mentioned Qin Feng with a sour tone.

Most of these guys are powerhouses above demigods, but they were crushed by Qin Feng's prefecture-level realm in the last round, and their hearts are naturally extremely depressed.

Of course, they are more jealous and unwilling.

At the prefecture-level realm, how can He De He win the first place? !

They hoped that a strong man would appear this time and crush Qin Feng, so that they could express their anger in their hearts.

In the corner on the other side, Daokong and Luo Tian were also closely watching the changes on the stele, both frowning.

"Brother Daokong, the eighth place has come out, it's still not Qin Feng, that kid's luck is as good as ever. It seems that he is expected to enter the top five!"

Luo Tian's tone was sour.

Daokong sneered: "It is estimated that entering the top five is his limit. This time the first place, if I want to see, is either Taixu Patriarch or Jinshen."

0

Luo Tian nodded slightly: "That makes sense! Those two are the real powerhouses! As for Qin Feng, hehe! Just a speculator!"

Daokong also said: "Yeah! Wait! I see that boy, what is the number this time?"

At the same time, south of the square.

Taixu Patriarch and Jin Shen are also watching the ranking of the gods.

hum!

The monument shook!

At the top of many rankings, a line of golden light appeared!

New ranking information appears

[7th place, Youxingjie, Underworld God, 102 points (76 points in this round)]