As soon as this time appeared, Tai Xu's ancestor smiled and nodded.

"This Underworld God actually got 102 points! He is indeed a strong man!"

Jin Shen smiled slightly: "This person didn't seem to have entered the top ten in the last round, but this time he did. It seems that this person is good at jumping the challenge!"

Ancestor Taixu sighed with emotion: "Hey! This round of luck is biased towards those who have surpassed the ranks. Strange, the seventh place is 102 points. It is 9 points higher than Qin Feng's 93 points in the previous round. Why haven't I seen Qin yet? Feng's ranking? Could it be that Qin Feng scored more than 9 points this round?"

Jin Shen nodded slightly: "9 points! He needs to kill 9 Holy Land Spirits of the same rank in a row within three hours. So, that kid also has some ability to leapfrog."

Ancestor Taixu sighed: "Yeah! I wonder if that kid can get 20 points in the second round? If he gets 15 points, he will have 108 points. With this score, he may get fifth place."

Speaking of this, Tai Xu's ancestor's tone was a little uncomfortable.

In his opinion, if Qin Feng can score 15 points, it will make him feel bad.

But he didn't know that Qin Feng didn't get 15 points in the second round, but 1675 points, which exceeded his bottom line by more than 100 times.

Afterwards, Taixu ancestor said again: "By the way, Brother Jinshen, the seventh place only has 102 points. According to this progress, your 134 points, it is not a big problem to win the second place!"

Hearing this, Jin Shen laughed heartily: "Brother has won the prize! I don't care if I can get the second place, as long as I can get into the top three!"

Ancestor Taixu stroked his beard and smiled: "Brother, you can't say that. The reward gap between the second and third place is still very large. If you can win the second place, you will get a lot of benefits."

Jin Shen smiled: "I hope so!"

At this moment, although Jinshen's tone was modest, his eyes were extremely fiery.

He is also full of confidence that he won the second place.

hum!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again, and golden light appeared again.

Everyone opened their eyes wide and looked carefully at the monument.

They know that sixth place is coming

In the next second, the golden light fades and information emerges!

[6th place, Titanium Star Realm, Jinshen, 134 points (83 points in this round)]

boom!

When this information came out, the audience was shocked!

Everyone was stunned.

It is widely recognized that Jinshen is the strongest among the strong, so he has to enter the top three!

How did he get a sixth? !

That Jin Shen was even more shocked, and was instantly dumbfounded.

He was stunned there, as if his soul had been sucked out all of a sudden.

Old Ancestor Taixu is also the boss with his mouth open, so he couldn't react for a long time.

Chapter 470: The ninth-order best grade, and get the blood of God!

boom!

In the next second, the audience was in an uproar!

"My God! Jin Shen only won the sixth place!"

"I thought he could make the top three! How could this be?"

"Hey! This is really unexpected!"

"It's strange! The seventh place only has 102 points, how come it has reached the sixth place, and suddenly it has reached 134 points? This span is too big!"

"Yeah! It's unbelievable!"Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The crowd groaned!

At this moment, Jin Shen also regained his senses, and his expression was extremely ugly.

Only the sixth place!

That ranking reward is two grades worse than the second place, far lower than his estimate!

To know that the fourth to tenth place, the reward is the same.

The third place is one notch higher.

Second place is a notch higher.

He originally thought that winning the second place in this round would be more rewarding than the previous round.

Unexpectedly, he could not even enter the top five.

Thinking of this, Jin was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood!

"how so?!"

Jin Shen muttered in his mouth, feeling extremely annoyed in his heart!

"Brother Jinshen, I really didn't expect it!"

Old Ancestor Tai Xu also slowed down.

He wanted to comfort a few words, but he didn't know where to start.

Jin Shen's face was gloomy: "Brother, I only got sixth place with 134 points, and Qin Feng's name hasn't appeared yet. Could it be that his points exceeded 41 points this round?"

Hearing this, Tai Xu's ancestor's expression changed slightly.

Qin Feng's points in this round can only reach more than 134 points if it exceeds 41 points.

If so, then Qin Feng's leapfrog ability is very outstanding!

This is so hard for him to accept!

At this time, Jin Shen said again: "Brother, your total score is 145 points. It's not a big problem to enter the top three. I'm worried that you won't be able to get the first place this time. If you let that kid get the first place again. , it's really maddening!"

Ancestor Taixu took a deep breath: "Brother, don't worry! The fifth place is coming soon, maybe that kid is a fifth place. In this way, the rewards he gets are at the same level as yours, and they don't account for it. Cheap!"

hum!

Only then did the words fall, and the monument rang again!

New ranking information is coming

The two hurriedly looked at the monument

There was also a commotion in the audience, one by one opened their eyes wide and looked at the monument...

I saw the golden light shine!

Dissipate slowly!

New rankings emerge

[5th ​​place, Cang Xingjie, Taixu Patriarch, 145 points (92 points in this round)]

puff!

As soon as this information was made public, the ancestor Taixu was shocked and almost spurted blood on the spot!

The whole place was in an uproar!

Jin Shen was also completely dumbfounded!

No way?

Everyone is recognized as the grandfather of Taixu who is the number one powerhouse!

How did you get fifth place!

Heaven is not wrong, right? !

People can't believe it at all!

Can't help but look after the ground!

Don't know what to say?

This result is even more shocking than Jinshen!

At that moment, the atmosphere in the field was a little quiet!

Only in the corner, Qin Feng, Feng Xi, and Xiao Luan'er looked at each other with knowing smiles.

Especially Xiao Luan'er, both eyes are almost crescents of laughter.

She happily looked at everyone's surprised expressions, and thought to herself that they were really a bunch of ignorant guys, and there were even more shocked people behind!

"Hey!"

In the crowd, Taixu ancestor sighed, and his expression suddenly became a lot decadent.

He went for the first place!

As a result, he only got a fifth place.

In this way, he, like Jinshen, lost the reward level.

He couldn't help looking at Jin Shen.

Jin Shen also just looked at him.

The two were silent, and at this moment there was a feeling of pity for the same sickness

hum!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again!

The crowd once again looked at the monument

[4th place, Blue Star Realm, Qiyue, 210 points (200 points in this round)]

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar again!

"Hey! The fourth place is from the Blue Star Realm! It seems that he is a player from the same star realm as Qin Feng!"

"Hey! 200 points in the second round! This is too scary!"

"This Qiyue is a leapfrog master!"

"Yeah! She also scored 10 points in the last round! It's equivalent to the mid-stage threshold of a demigod!"

"My God! Blue Star Realm has such a powerful expert? Who is she?"

"I do not know!"

At this moment, everyone looked around, one by one, as if to find Qiyue.

It's a pity that they don't know Qiyue!

And their eyes are basically focused on the early demigod and middle demigod areas.

No one looked at Qin Feng's side.

Obviously, these guys didn't expect that Qi Yue would be Qin Feng's person.

In fact, they didn't think about it at all.

The inherent arrogance always makes them feel that the prefecture-level realm is useless...

hum!

The stele vibrated again!

The rankings are slowly emerging!

[3rd place, Blue Star Realm, Luan’er, 213 points (200 points in this round)]

"Hey! It's someone from the Blue Star Realm again!"

"It's still 200 points!"

There was an uproar in the field again!

Even the ancestors of Taixu and Jinshen were moved by it!

They thought they were the leapfrog masters, but they didn't want to have two leapfrog powerhouses in a row, both reaching 200 points in the second round.