Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"That's needless to say? The strength of Qin Feng's boss is definitely the first powerhouse among the thousand novice villages in our No. 1 area!"

"Of course! However, those guys on the regional channel are actually slandering Boss Qin!"

"Fuck~! When I mention this, I'm going to be angry! Those **** are laughing at us one after another! They also mocked our boss Qin Feng as a coward!"

"That's right! Those **** were unconvinced when they lost, so they framed the boss Qin Feng for cheating!"

"Mad! I'm so **** off!"

"Boss Qin Feng, think of a way to teach those dogs a lesson! Let them shut up obediently!"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng, others are bullying us, we can't just let it go!"

At this moment, everyone was so angry that they could not wait to slap their faces back immediately.

Qin Feng was also furious when he heard it!

Those idiots who don't know what to do, dare to be so arrogant after losing a bet.

Qin Feng: "I'll go to the regional channel to see!"

Immediately, he switched to the regional channel.

As soon as you enter, you can see the smoky atmosphere inside.

Villages 911, 34, and 77 from the three villages of Longguo united to scold more than 20 villages including the Lighthouse Country, Asan Country, Sakurajima Country, Buluo Country, Kangaroo Country, Gaul Country, and Nanbang Country.

The two sides quarreled earth-shatteringly!

Let no one!

But after all, there are few people in the Dragon Kingdom, and the other party has more than 20 villages, and the people are more powerful.

And the other party scolded very ugly, all kinds of ridicule to Longguo, what a sick man, what a delay, all kinds of words.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

There are also all kinds of ridicule for Qin Feng, cheating, upgrading robots, cowards, especially harsh.

Qin Feng is about to explode!

These dog things really don't cry without seeing the coffin!

It seems that he must give these guys a fatal blow to make them remember the lesson!

Thinking of this, he silently wrote down the numbers of those villages and left the chat channel...

Back to reality, Qin Feng took out a token from the storage ring, which was the betting order on resources.

[Resource Gambling Order: Each novice village will only appear once, and only the village with the highest level is eligible to use it. 】

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he launched a gambling order.

Om~!

The next second, the betting order lit up with a dazzling white light.

[Reminder: You have activated the gambling order! Once activated, it cannot be interrupted until the bet ends. 】

[Reminder: Although each novice village has a gambling order, each district has only 100 opportunities to use it. More than 100 times, and then use invalid. This bet is the 79th time used in this area, and the use is valid! 】

what!

And this limitation!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

Unexpectedly, there is a limit to the number of times the gambling order can be used per 150 districts.

As a result, those novice villages with gambling orders in their hands, who dare not use the tokens due to various doubts, are likely to lose this opportunity.

This is also the test of Heavenly Dao for the Blue Stars!

On the surface, this is starving the timid to the death of the daring.

From a deep level, it is actually an opportunity for the strong.

Because as long as he is strong, as long as he has strength, he is full of self-confidence, and he dares to challenge.

For example, those Edward, Amir, and Miyamoto Rami who challenged the 911 village, each of them are strong.

Even if the weak have tokens in their hands, they will not dare to activate them easily, and will only wait for the opportunity.

They would not have imagined that these tokens have a limited number of times.

Luckily I didn't wait too long!

He is the 79th person in this district to use the gambling order, which is still valid.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was a little fortunate.

If you use it later, you will miss a big opportunity.

At this moment, the gambling order in his hand turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

There is also a new reminder from Tiandao.

[Reminder: The betting interface has been opened, you can choose the betting method you want]

hum~!

The next second, a blue screen appeared in front of Qin Feng with two options.

[One-on-one betting: Choose a novice village and bet on resources; the rewards and punishments are average. 】

[Faction betting: You can choose multiple targets as the enemy's camp, and we can also invite allied villages to join, forming two camps to bet; the rewards and punishments are very high. 】

[Reminder: There is no level limit for heads-up betting. For faction betting, the level of the activator must be above level 9. 】

what!

Fuck it~!

There is also a camp bet!

it is good!

Great!

He was thinking that it would be great if he could teach all the twenty or so villages on the opposite side.

Now is the chance!

Camp bet!

He can choose all those villages!

Not a single one is spared!

Even better, it will be even worse if the faction bet is lost!

Ha ha!

This time, he's going to teach those dogs a lesson they'll never forget!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

At the moment, he is ready to launch a camp bet

Chapter 61 Catch all at once, no omissions! (10 more)

The faction bet can be activated only after level 9 or above.

Qin Feng is the first powerhouse in District 1 to be promoted to level 9, just in time to activate...

[Reminder: You launched the camp to bet successfully! 】

[Reminder: As the sponsor of the bet, if the bet fails, the penalty is doubled; if the bet wins, the reward is doubled. 】

[Reminder: The 911 village you are in is defaulted to the red village. Please choose a village that is hostile to the Blue Camp...]

In the next second, white light flashed on the light curtain in front of Qin Feng, listing the numbers of the villages.

That's all village numbers on the regional channel!

Only villages that have opened a regional chat channel are eligible to join the camp to bet.

And those villages that scolded Qin Feng and Longguo were all inside.

Qin Feng sneered and began to choose inside...

At the same time, the regional channel was buzzing with excitement.

Those dogs are so arrogant.

"Oh! The little cuties of Longguo! Don't whitewash Qin Feng anymore, he is cheating!"

"Baga! You people from the Dragon Country have no ability at all, you can only beat our Master Miyamoto by cheating!"

"God! Come and punish these cheating Longguo people! Especially the abominable Qin Feng!"

"Assi! The people of Longguo are so shameless! Smecta!"

The people of Longguo were furious and went back one after another.

911 Village: "If you can't afford to lose, admit it! Don't shamelessly frame our boss Qin Feng!"

34 Village: "If you can't win, then frame yourself up. It's your usual trick! It's disgusting!"

Village 77: "You idiots! You know how to fart!"

"Oh! The furious little cuties of Longguo, do you think we are framed? Then let Qin Feng explain himself, did he cheat? We've been calling him for a long time, and we haven't seen him come forward!"

"Haha! Qin Feng didn't dare to come forward, which shows that he has a guilty conscience. He really cheated!"

"Yo Xi! Friends upstairs, your analysis makes a lot of sense!"

"Oh! If Qin Feng didn't cheat, he wouldn't be able to win so many powerhouses, because the people of Longguo are all sick men! Haha!!"

Seeing this, everyone in the Dragon Kingdom was furious!

911 Village: "Don't be complacent! Our boss Qin Feng will definitely come forward. When he comes forward, you will all be dead!"

"Oh! Is that so? Then I'm looking forward to it! But we've been scolding for a long time, and we haven't seen him come forward, doesn't he dare to come forward?"

"Baga! The people of Longguo have no fearless warrior spirit! They are all cowards!"

"Assi! Qin Feng would not dare to come forward, otherwise he would have come forward, Smecta!"

"Oh! That's so disappointing! Haha!"

As soon as these words fell, a group of people burst into laughter.

As if Qin Feng really didn't dare to come forward.

Everyone in the Dragon Kingdom was furious! !

At this moment, an emergency announcement resounded through the entire regional channel.

[Emergency Announcement: Qin Feng of No. 911 Novice Village has activated the gambling order, and opened the camp's gambling in this area for the first time! 】

[Faction Bet: The losing camp will deduct 70% of its resources, and everyone will weaken their attributes by 50. For the victorious side, all resources will be doubled, and everyone will increase their attributes by 50. 】

Boom~!

When the news came out, everyone was shocked.

Fuck it~!

There is such a way to play!

This camp's gambling is too scary!

The losing side will be deducted 50 attribute points.

Some novice villages still have level 1 rookies, and the total attribute points are less than 50 points.

Such a deduction will become a negative number, I am afraid that it will turn into nothingness on the spot, and I can't die anymore!

Not only that, the losing party will have to deduct 70% of its resources, which is a disaster!

hiss~!

Now take a deep breath of cold air!

That Qin Feng doesn't make a move, and if he makes a move, he makes a ruthless move!

At this moment, people from the Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country and other countries were inexplicably panicked.