Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

200 points in the second round!

That would have to kill 200 Spirits of the Holy Land of the same order!

At this moment, everyone was amazed!

In the corner, Xiao Luan'er was extremely proud.

"Dad, I won the third place! The rich rewards of this ranking will have my share again! I'm so happy! Yay!"

Ji Yang's body looked at her happy appearance, and she was also in a good mood.

"Dad, when I get the reward, I'll give it all to you!"

Ji Yang's body hurriedly said: "You should keep the resources that should be kept!"

Xiao Luan'er smiled and said, "Dad, I just need some divine essence. It is more suitable for you to use the remaining treasures, and it will also maximize your benefits."

Ji Yang's body smiled and shook his head: "Little guy, the reward hasn't started to be distributed yet! You just think about how to use it."

hum!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again!

Everyone looked at the monument again, and their expressions gradually became nervous. The ranking was getting higher and higher, and it would be more and more exciting...

[2nd place, Blue Star Realm, Feng Xi, 216 points (200 points in this round)]

boom!

The audience is instantly boiling!

"My God! Another 200 points in this round!"

"It's still from the Blue Star Realm!"

"My God! Could it be that the Blue Star Realm is good at leapfrog battles?!"

"Yeah! Who is this Feng Xi? And who are Luan'er and Qiyue before?"

"I don't know! They all scored 200 points in this round! It's really scary!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed.

The players from the Blue Star Realm were even more surprised, and they all wondered, is the Blue Star Realm really good at leaping?

Did they delay mentioning it for the Blue Star Realm?

In the crowd, Daokong and Luo Tian looked at each other with complicated expressions.

"Brother Daokong, are we Blue Star Realm really good at leapfrog battles?"

"This…"

Dao Kong hesitated.

He didn't think that the people in the Blue Star Realm were good at jumping steps.

But the results in front of him left him speechless.

Just then, there was another murmur from the crowd.

"It's weird! Weird! From the fourth to the second place, all of them are from the Blue Star Realm, and they all scored 200 points! Don't you think it's weird, everyone?"

"Yeah! I think it's a little weird too! By the way, Qin Feng also seems to be from the Blue Star Realm. His ranking hasn't come out yet!"

"No need to guess! Qin Feng is number one!"

"Hey! I really didn't expect it! Let the first kid at the prefecture level take the first place!"

"Who gave him 93 points in the first round? In this round, he only needs 124 points to get the first place."

The crowd murmured constantly, and the tone was pantothenic again.

They didn't feel much about Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue taking the second, third, and fourth place.

But when they won the first place for Qin Feng, they were envious, jealous, and deeply unhappy...

In the crowd, Taixu Ancestor and Jinshen also looked a little unsightly.

"Brother, I didn't expect Qin Feng to win the first place!"

Jin Shen sighed.

Ancestor Taixu said with a sullen face: "Yeah! In this way, that kid can get 124 in this round, and he can get the first place."

Jin Shen was upset: "124 points! This is higher than you and me!"

Ancestor Taixu said jealously: "Humph! It's easier to go higher in the Earth-level realm than at the peak of our demigods, so it's normal for the points to be higher. When he reaches the peak of the demigods, we may not have as many points as us! "

Jin Shen nodded slightly: "It makes sense!"

Ancestor Taixu said again: "I want to see this round, his points in this round are not necessarily higher than the second, third, and fourth. Most of the points in the first round are more points, which makes him the first in total points. "

hum!

As soon as those words fell, the stele vibrated again!

"Look! The monument is moving!"

"Qin Feng's points are coming out!"

"Tell me, how many points can Qin Feng get this round?"

"Will he be the same as the previous three Blue Star Realm players, this round also has 200 points?"

"Haha! Do you think 200 points is easy? Everyone can get it?"

"Look! His score is coming out!"

In the sound of everyone's discussion, the top row of the stele, a dazzling and dazzling golden light, circulated...

Everyone knows that Qin Feng's results are coming out

They couldn't help holding their breath, opening their eyes one by one, watching carefully...

Old Ancestor Taixu and Shen Shen also widened their eyes, and also showed extremely concerned expressions...

I saw the golden light slowly fade away, and a line of dazzling information emerged...

[1st place, Blue Star Realm, Qin Feng, 1768 points (1675 points in this round)]

boom!

At this moment, the audience petrified!

Oh my God!

1768 points!FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

is this real?

Is this something humans can do? !

How could human beings have such terrifying achievements!

At this moment, everyone was extremely shocked!

Everyone was completely shocked!

The field became dead silent, and even the air froze!

It was as if time stood still at that moment!

Only in that corner, Xiao Luan'er looked at everyone's shocked expressions and showed a smug smile.

Feng Xi also showed a faint smile.

Ji Yang's body smiled without saying a word.

But in the next second, he seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up, revealing a look of surprise...

It turned out that something was happening in the zero-degree space.

At this moment, in the secret cultivation room.

The extremely yin body looked at the God-defying blade in front of him with surprise!

It turned out that he had already merged the fourth divine artifact into the God-Defying Blade.

Only five or six minutes have passed in the outside world, and about an hour has passed in the zero-degree space.

Enough for him to refine a divine artifact.

[Blade Against God: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

[You need to master the law of opening the sky, the law of blood, the law of life, and the law of killing to control this blade]

[Reminder: This blade is made from the fusion of four 'Suppressing Gods'. 】

Seeing this, the very yin body showed a satisfied smile.

He had already tried it just now, and the combat power of this God-defying Blade suddenly reached 70,000 stars, a whole increase of 25,000 stars.

This has improved Qin Feng's comprehensive strength by a large margin, which is more beneficial to the next chance competition.

Very satisfied with the cathode body!

Having said that, the current anti-god's blade is already the ninth-order top-grade level, and has reached the limit of the ninth-order.

It turns out that the ninth grade is divided into low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade, and top-grade.

Go up one rank, and it will be promoted to a divine weapon.

"This divine artifact is really unusual! Just by merging four pieces, it will reach the ninth-rank top-level level. 1.3 If five pieces are combined, it should be able to reach the low-level artifact level! What if six, seven, and eight pieces are combined?"

The more I think about it, the more I look forward to it!

Obviously, the more god-suppressing artifacts that are integrated, the greater the power of the God-Defying Blade, and it will definitely surpass the level of low-grade artifacts.

From this, it can be seen that the Heaven Suppressing Artifact is by no means an ordinary artifact!

At this thought, the extreme yin body suddenly became hot.

Not to mention anything else, even if he was asked to gather five divine artifacts and fuse a low-level divine weapon-level anti-god blade, it would be of great help to him.

"Hey! This is"

That thought had just arisen, and as soon as the eyes of the extreme yin body lit up, he happily opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the trading channel...

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, white light flashed in front of him, and a black spear appeared, with three **** of divine blood.

The very negative body hurriedly looked towards the spear...

[Dragon Falling Spear: The ninth-order low-grade, transformed from the divine object. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level Destruction Law before you can control and refine this gun. 】

The very negative body laughed.

The fifth piece of divine artifact he wanted has arrived.

He has mastered the law of destruction, and there is no problem in refining this gun.

Then, he looked at the three groups of divine blood again...

[True Dragon Blood Essence (Top Grade): Ninth-Order Middle Grade Spiritual Artifact]

Another three groups of top-quality true dragon blood!

This time it was really big!

It turned out that the Bing Ling clone had killed the Great Deterrence Dragon, seized the Falling Dragon Spear, and extracted 3 groups of top-quality true dragon blood from his pet.

At the moment, the very yin body happily collects the blood and essence.

After doing this, he sat cross-legged and began refining the Falling Dragon Spear.

Chapter 471 Amazing rewards! Open the **** card!

At the same moment, Security Zone 73, on the square.

Everyone has recovered from the shock.

"1675 points! How did that kid do it?!"