Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Yeah! It's unbelievable!"

"Cheating! Absolutely cheating! Do you think that under normal circumstances, you can get so many points in three hours?"

At this reminder, the crowd echoed.

"That's right! Even if that kid has the ability to instantly kill the Earth-level 'Spirit of the Holy Land', to challenge the temple's refresh rate, he won't be able to earn 1675 points in three hours!"

"Makes sense! He has no choice but to cheat!"

"Damn it! This kid cheated in the last round, and cheated again in this round! And I waited so hard to earn points, and I didn't have as much as a fraction of his cheating. It's really maddening!"

"Yeah! All the benefits are taken up by him! Such a result, the deity is unacceptable!"

"The old man is also unacceptable!"

"Humph! Don't worry everyone! According to the usual practice, the third Holy Land chance will be an open chance, and it is allowed to kill each other. He is a mere prefecture-level boy who has won the first place in two consecutive games. Take it to death!"

"It makes sense! By the way, you said that in the next open opportunity, will I meet other players in the safe zone?"

"Humph! The old man is not interested in other players from other districts, he is only interested in killing that kid and taking his chance!"

"Don't worry! That kid can't run next time!"

"By the way, you said, can he cheat in the next round?"

"Impossible! Open opportunities, there are no loopholes to drill, it depends on real strength! In the next game, that kid is dead!"

At this moment, the powerhouses aim at Qin Feng intentionally or unintentionally, and their eyes are full of badness and ridicule!

Envy, jealousy, and hatred have distorted the psychology of these powerhouses!

Of course, these people think that all of Qin Feng's achievements are based on cheating, so they have such thoughts.

If they knew Qin Feng's true strength, that would be another idea.

Nothing more than bullying the soft and fearing the hard!

These people don't know that even if Qin Feng does not rely on the time force field to make tricks, but only relies on real strength, he can still get 200 points and 18 points, far exceeding these self-righteous guys.

In the corner, Jiyang Ontology listened to the whispers of these people and sneered.

Even Xiao Luan heard it.

"Dad, these guys are getting more and more mean to you! Next game, you have to be careful."

"Yes! Master, with your current strength, even if you encounter a peak demigod, you still have the power to protect yourself. However, your subordinates are worried that they will join forces. After all, there are 170 peak demigods in the field. Eighty people."

Feng Xi also reminded in a low voice, her brows were full of worry.

Ji Yang's body nodded slightly, and was also a little worried in his heart.

Even if he draws on the power of Feng Xi's three daughters, he can only reach the pinnacle level of a demigod, and he is not considered a powerhouse in the pinnacle of demigods.

With such strength, facing the siege of nearly 200 demigod peaks, it is absolutely dead and alive.

What's more, there are more than 3,000 early demigods and middle demigods in the field.

Moreover, everyone knows that he won the first prize and carries a lot of treasures!

How could the greed of those people let him go?

It can be seen that the next opportunity is a great challenge for him.

It seems that he has to continue to improve his strength!

Otherwise, I'm afraid that his chance trip will end early.

"By the way, what is the ranking reward for this round?"

Jiyang body muttered in his heart.

At this moment, he looked forward to this round of rewards.

I hope this reward can help him improve his strength.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky shook, and the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded again...

[The ranking of points has been announced! 】FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

[Next, start issuing additional rewards for the top 100! 】

[Reminder: The higher the ranking, the richer the reward! 】…………

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar in the audience.

"We're going to give out additional rewards again!"

"Hey! I really envy those powerhouses who are in the top 100!"

"Haha! Those who can enter the top 100 are not all strong, there are also cheaters!"

In the crowd, there was someone with a sour tone, obviously meant something, and it was Qin Feng.

In the corner, Feng Xi heard those remarks, a look of annoyance appeared on Jumei's face.

Do these self-righteous guys really think that the master can get so many points just by cheating?

Jealousy makes you lose your mind!

Xiao Luan'er's mouth was slightly raised: "Dad, look at those guys, who have been talking sour all the time, obviously jealous. They really underestimate you!"

The corners of Jiyang's mouth were slightly raised: "Don't pay attention to them! We are here to make a fortune, not for the sake of reputation. It's better to let them look down on it, but when the time comes, you don't know who it is?"

Ji Yang's body smiled meaningfully.

Boom!

Just then, the sky shook!

[The 11th to the 100th place will be rewarded with thirty pieces of 'Sacred Land Divine Essence' and one piece of 'Enhancing Knowledge Pill'. 】

hum! hum! hum!

As soon as the reward was announced, ninety beams of light descended from the sky, landing on the ninety contestants in the crowd...

Everyone looked at the ninety people, with envy in their eyes, and some admiration deep in their eyes.

These ninety people are all masters who are good at leaping steps, and their realms are all above the middle stage of demigods.

However, the peak of the demigods still accounted for more than 80%.

If you have a high realm and are good at jumping steps, you can only enter the top 100 in the second round of rankings.

Because the realm is high, it means that the combat power is high, and the points obtained in the first round will be done.

Those who are good at jumping orders will get higher points in the second round.

The superposition of the two is the point ranking of this round.

At this moment, there was a sigh of exclamation from the crowd.

"These ninety people are amazing beings!"

"Yeah! Don't look at a few of them who are in the middle stage of demigods, but they are good at jumping ranks. I'm afraid they can protect themselves in the hands of peak demigods."

"That's right! This kind of existence is even more amazing, and the future can be expected!"

Everyone was amazed!

hum! hum! hum!

At this moment, above each beam of light, thirty holy land divine essences, a milky white knowledge enhancement pill, slowly descended along the beam of light!

The crowd once again showed their envy!

Thirty Holy Land Divine Essence!

That is 9000 star combat power!

What's more, there is a ninth-order low-grade knowledge enhancement pill!

"Everyone, this round of rewards is much higher than the last time!"

"Yeah! Last round, the 11th to 100th places were awarded only 10 divine essences. This time, 30 divine essences were awarded, plus a very precious knowledge enhancement pill."

"Yeah! The reward this time is more than three times that of the previous round!"

After seeing the reward, everyone's envy became even stronger.

In the corner, Feng Xi whispered in Jiyang's ear.

"Master, have you found it? There is another knowledge enhancement pill in this round of rewards. The next opportunity will definitely have something to do with the strength of spiritual consciousness."

The anode body nodded slightly.

He thought so too.

It was at this moment that the ninety strong men had already received their rewards...

[The 4th to 10th place will be rewarded with fifty pieces of ‘Holy Land Divine Essence’ and two pieces of knowledge enhancement pills. 】

Tiandao announced the second round of rewards!

Ji Yang's body hurriedly beckoned and summoned Qiyue...

"Master, are you going to give out rewards?"

As soon as Qi Yue appeared, she asked curiously.

hum! hum! hum!

At this moment, seven beams of light descended from the sky one after another, and one of them fell on Qiyue.

"Look! A beam of light fell on the girl beside Qin Feng!"

"Hey! Isn't that girl at the prefecture level?"

"I remembered! The fourth place is Qiyue from the Blue Star Realm. Could it be her?!"

boom!

This reminder, everyone wakes up!

Immediately, there was an uproar in the field!

"How can someone who is only in the prefecture-level realm get the fourth place?"

"Yeah! She scored 200 points in the second round!"

"Cheating! Must be cheating!"

"That's right! She and Qin Feng are in the same group! Qin Feng cheated, and she cheated too, so it's not surprising!"

"It seems that our guesses are all correct!"

"It's abominable! Two good fortune competitions, but I was cheated by two prefecture-level realms, which ruined my waiting for good things!"

The contestants were indignant, and their tone was full of infinite jealousy and unwillingness.

As if they couldn't enter the top 100, it was Qin Feng and Qiyue who influenced them.

In fact, many people are ranked in the 3000s.

Without Qin Feng and Qiyue, they would not be able to enter the top 100.

To put it bluntly, they are psychologically unbalanced and jealous of Chi Guoguo.

Soon, Qi Yue and other seven people got the reward.

Tiandao also released information again...

[The third place will be rewarded with 70 'Holy Land Divine Essence' and 3 Knowledge Enhancement Pills. 】

hum!

A beam of light descended from the sky and fell on Xiao Luan'er...

boom!

There was a clamor in the field again!

"Sure enough! It's Qin Feng again!"

"Damn it! The old man just said, why did so many players from the Blue Star Realm suddenly appear in the second round, it turned out to be Qin Feng, a cheating gang!"

Everyone's expressions were gloomy, and the more they looked at Qin Feng, the more upset they became.