Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In the crowd, Taixu ancestor and Jinshen also looked over silently, their eyes were very cold.

Soon, Xiao Luan'er got the reward.

Tiandao announced again...

[The second place will be rewarded with 100 ‘Holy Land Divine Essence’ and 5 Knowledge Enhancement Pills. 】

hum!

Another dazzling beam of light fell on Feng Xi...

The crowd moved again!

100 Divine Essences!

5 knowledge enhancement pills!

This reward is outrageous!

anger! jealous! Unwilling!

They were written on everyone's faces, but they were helpless.

In the crowd, Jin Shen swallowed his saliva and couldn't help but feel a little envious.

Ancestor Taixu on the side showed killing intent and looked at Qin Feng and the four coldly.

"Brother Jinshen, you and I were tricked by Qin Feng's cheating gang!"

After a while, he gritted his teeth and said this.

Jin Shen's face was gloomy: "That's right! If these four people hadn't cheated! The first and second places in this round are yours and mine!"

Old Ancestor Taixu sneered: "Taking a chance is like killing one's parents! None of us can let go of these four people. In the next round of chance, you and I will join forces to do the four of them!"

Jin Shen nodded slightly: "That's what I mean!"

As soon as these words fell, the sky shook again, and Tiandao opened 537 to announce the final reward...

Everyone also held their breath and listened curiously...

[The first place will be rewarded with 150 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', 8 'knowledge-enhancing pills', and a Kaitian God Card (ninth-order top grade)! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the audience was in an uproar again!

"My God! The reward for the first place is too generous!"

"Yeah! There are 150 Divine Essences alone! After two rounds of refining, the Divine Essence that I added to my hand is only 9 in total!"

"Hey! My friend, I'm worse than you! I only got 7 in total. So, I don't even have one-twentieth of that kid's chance to come to the Holy Land."

"Brother, plus what he won in the game and the last round. I'm afraid you don't even have one percent of him!"

As soon as these words fell, many people were moved, and the jealousy in their eyes became even stronger.

However, they couldn't help but envy.

With so many rewards, it's hard not to be envious!

Compared with the divine essence that these people value, Qin Feng values ​​the knowledge enhancement pill more.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Eight knowledge enhancement pills!

This time the profit is very good!

"By the way, what is the Heaven-Opening God Card? It's actually a ninth-order top-grade **** card! It should be a very good treasure!"

Ji Yang's body looked up at the sky with anticipation in his eyes.

hum!

At this time, the sky shook!

Above the beam of light, one hundred and fifty holy land divine essences emerged, as well as eight milky white knowledge enhancement pills, a golden divine card, slowly falling along the beam of light...

"Look! The reward has appeared!"

"This kid is so lucky!"

The people are in awe!

In the crowd, Taixu Patriarch and Jin Shen couldn't help swallowing their saliva, unable to hide their envy.

Why!

Such a great reward!

It was supposed to be theirs!

All of this was cut off by the cheating Qin Feng gang!

"Hey! A group of ants in the prefecture-level realm, how can He De have such a good reward!"

Grandfather Taixu sighed.

Jin Shen sneered: "Brother, don't worry! If you can't make a move now, it doesn't mean that you won't be able to make a move next. In the third round, we should have a chance to make a move."

Old Ancestor Taixu also showed ruthless eyes: "That's right! This cheating gang, only if we get rid of it, can we succeed!"

Soon, those rewards fell in front of Jiyang's body.

In the eyes of everyone's envy and jealousy, he put away one hundred and fifty Divine Essences and eight Knowledge Enhancement Pills.

Finally, his eyes fell on the divine card.

In the next second, his eyes lit up with ecstasy in his eyes.

Chapter 472: Opening the Heavenly Treasure Chest, Divine Consciousness and Opportunity!

[Opening God Card: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

[Reminder: Using this **** card, you can combine five myth-level treasure chests into a sky-opening treasure box. 】

The anode body is full of surprises!

Not long ago, he got two purple diamond treasure chests, and he had no time to deal with them.

If the processing is completed, it means that there are seven mythical treasure chests in hand, then you can synthesize the opening-level treasure chest.

Having said that, the myth-level treasure chest can open ninth-order treasures with the help of the luck card.

On top of the mythical treasure chest, is the open sky treasure chest.

With the help of the God of Fortune Card, what can be opened from the Heaven-Opening Treasure Chest?

You won't be able to open an artifact, will you? !

At this thought, Ji Yang's body was extremely hot.

He originally thought that when he was free, he would have a feast of opening treasure chests. If he opened seven mythical treasure chests in a row, he could get seven ninth-order treasure chests.

Unexpectedly, in Liu An Hua Ming You Village, he actually got a card of the **** of opening the sky, so he has the opportunity to open an artifact!

The value of an artifact is incomparable to ten ninth-order treasures!

What's more, he only needs five mythical-level treasure chests, and he can make a Kaitian-level treasure chest.

And as far as he knew, in the map of the Blue Star Realm, opening a sky-level treasure chest was a rare occurrence in a thousand years.

This time, he entered the Holy Land and won the first place in the second round in this safe area, and then he got the chance to get the divine weapon in the first line!

"Not bad!"

Jiyang body happily put away the Kaitianshen card.

"By the way, the Kaitianshen card was awarded in the second round. Will there be a Kaitianshen card reward in the third round?"

This thought came out of Ji Yang's body again.

Because he has seven myth-level treasure chests, five of them are combined into the opening-level treasure chest, and there are two more.

If in the next round, there is still a chance to get the Kaitianshen card, he will not be able to postpone opening the treasure chest.

After all, there is only one Luck God Card, so he has to use it with caution.

If he doesn't open the Heavenly God Card in the next round, he will use the Luck God Card to open the treasure chest, it will not be too late.

Thinking of this, the anode body has already made a plan.

"Master, these are for you!"

At this moment, Feng Xi's voice sounded beside him.

Ji Yang's body looked up, and saw that Feng Xi had sent the hundred Divine Essence and five Knowledge Enhancement Pills in front of him.

"Master, mine is for you!"

"Dad, and mine!"

Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er will also just get the rewards, all of them will be sent to Jiyang's body

This scene fell in the eyes of the surrounding powerhouses.

"Hey! Look! The three women gave all their rewards to Qin Feng!"

"Yes! This is too generous!"

"What is their relationship? Why are those three girls so good to Qin Feng?"

"Looking at the situation, it seems that Qin Feng is their leader. However, even if they are the leader, these three girls shouldn't be so heart-warming, right?"

"Yeah! It's really... ugh! It's irritating!"

At this moment, everyone's envy for Qin Feng has reached its peak.

If Qin Feng accepts those rewards, it is equivalent to taking the top four rewards alone, which is really too big!

What makes them jealous even more is that Feng Xi's three daughters are more beautiful than the other, but they are dead set on Qin Feng, and they can't even envy them!

Having said that, these four are all at the prefecture level.

Then what is the charm of Qin Feng, making two little beauties, one big beauties, so devoted to helping each other?

It's really incomprehensible!

In the corner, Ji Yang's body is naturally too lazy to pay attention to those gossip.

He looked at the three girls and smiled, "I will take the knowledge enhancement pill, and you will keep these divine essences for your own use."

Feng Xi hurriedly said: "Master, we are able to enter the top four, all thanks to you, these should be yours."

Ji Yang's body smiled and said: "You keep these divine essences! Anyway, you also need to improve your strength. When you are free, I will take the three of you to the outer world to participate in the Tianwu assessment."

"The stronger you are, the more you will be able to obtain a higher-grade combination, which will be of great benefit to you. Besides, the stronger the three of you are, the more combat power you will give me back."

Hearing these words, the three women nodded slightly, and they all felt reasonable.

Afterwards, Feng Xi smiled and said, "That's it! All the knowledge enhancement pills are given to the master, and the Divine Essence that the three of us have obtained will be shared equally!"

Qi Yue said shyly, "Sister Feng Xi, if you share it equally, you will suffer!"

Feng Xi Luoluo said generously: "Sister Yue'er has been seen! You are the biggest contributor in these two rounds of chance. Without your time force field, how could we have achieved such a big harvest!"

"In short, you and I are both servants of the master, and even more good sisters. It is our greatest responsibility that you and my sisters serve the master well, and the rest of the trivial matters don't need to be bothered."

Speaking of this, Feng Xi didn't know what to think, but Jumei's face turned red in shyness.

Immediately, the three girls happily shared those divine essences equally.

Jiyang body accepted those knowledge enhancement pills.

As a result, he has 18 knowledge enhancement pills in his hand.

Refining a Knowledge Enhancement Pill, his Divine Sense Scanning Range can be increased by 500 miles, 18 is 9000 miles.

As for Divine Essence, he still has 400 or so in his hand, plus the 150 rewards he just got, a total of 573.

He has so many Divine Essence, so naturally he doesn't care about the Divine Essence that Feng Xi and the three of them got.

What's more, these three girls also need Divine Yuan to improve their strength.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body satisfactorily put away the elixir.

Boom!