Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the sky shook, and the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again!

[This ranking reward has been distributed! 】

[After an hour, the third round of chance competition will start, please rest for a while...]

[Reminder: The third round of chance will involve the application of divine consciousness. Players who have knowledge enhancement pills in their hands can take advantage of this time to refine them. 】

boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, there was an uproar in the audience!

"No way?! The third chance is related to divine consciousness? That old man is at the realm of heaven, how can there be any divine consciousness? This is over! The third chance, I'm afraid I will miss out with the old man!"

"Haha! This deity is at the pinnacle of demigods, and the range of divine consciousness scanning is nearly 30,000 miles. It seems that the next round of opportunities will be very beneficial to this deity!"

"Yeah! I'm only in the early stage of a demigod, and the scanning range of my consciousness is only 3,000 miles, so I'm going to suffer now!"

"Hey! There's no way to do that! The scanning range of this divine consciousness is related to the realm. Only above the demigod realm can divine consciousness be born. The higher the realm, the stronger the divine consciousness!"

At this moment, in the square, some people are happy and some people are sad.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Those players in the heavenly realm basically have no consciousness, and they all have a bitter expression.

On the other hand, those top demigod players were all overjoyed.

Among them, more than 100 people, have the widest range of Divine Consciousness scanning, that is, the strongest Divine Consciousness.

In the next chance game, they will naturally take advantage of it, how can they not be overjoyed!

In the crowd, Taixu Patriarch and Jinshen looked at each other and smiled, with smug expressions on their faces.

"Brother Taixu, the scanning range of your consciousness has reached 37,000 kilometers. It seems that in this third chance, you will definitely be able to return to the top spot!"

"Brother Jinshen, the scanning range of your consciousness is 36,000 miles, which is not much worse than this old man."

The two compliment each other, and their hearts are hard to be proud of.

After all, the range of divine consciousness at the pinnacle of a demigod is only 30,000 miles.

Their consciousness is far beyond the same level, and they are naturally proud.

At this time, the ancestor Taixu said proudly: "By the way, brother, this third chance is related to divine consciousness. It is impossible for the four Qin Feng to cheat again. In the third game, you may be able to go against it. Attack and surpass him in one fell swoop."

Jinshen's eyes lit up: "Yes! The four of them are only at the earth-level realm, and they don't even have spiritual knowledge. How can they participate in the competition of chance? I'm afraid that the third round of chance will miss them."

Ancestor Taixu said with a smile: "That's right! Haha! Tiandao finally opened his eyes this time, and won't let the cheating group of four continue to cheat!"

Jin Shen also said happily: "Yeah! In the end, it depends on the strength! Brother, Heavenly Dao gave us an hour to rest, just to let us refine the knowledge enhancement pill. I'll hurry up and refine it!"

Ancestor Taixu nodded again and again: "That's right! A knowledge enhancement pill can increase the range of 500 miles. You and I have three in your hands. You have to speed up the refining, otherwise it will be too late."

Jinshen said anxiously: "Brother, as far as I know, it takes about half an hour to refine a knowledge enhancement pill. Heavenly Dao only gave one hour of rest time, I'm afraid it's too late!"

Ancestor Taixu hurriedly said: "No matter how many, as much as you can refine, the sooner you refine it, the better!"

"Exactly!"

At the moment, the two of them sat cross-legged, took out a knowledge enhancement pill, and began to refine them.

In another corner, Dao Kong and Luo Tian were also whispering.

"Brother Daokong, this third chance is not good for Qin Feng and the others!"

Luo Tian touched his chin and smiled, very gloating.

Daokong also said happily: "Yeah! Based on his mere prefecture-level realm, there should be no spiritual consciousness. The deity really can't figure it out, how will he deal with the new opportunity challenge next?"

Luo Tian smiled and said, "The more shriveled he is, the happier Luo is in his heart. By the way, Brother Daokong, you just got 3 Knowledge Enhancement Pills. Luo Mou will only get 1 Knowledge Enhancement Dan when he passes the reward. "

"And the rest time that Tiandao gave us is only one hour. This time is a bit rushed, I'm afraid Brother Daokong will not have time to refine 3 Divine Pills. Can Brother Daokong sell one to me?"

Dao Kong hesitated for a moment, then smiled and said, "Alright! Dao will sell one to Brother Luo!"

Luo Tian was overjoyed: "So, Luo Mou is very grateful!"

At the moment, the two happily traded...

Just when the ancestors of Taixu and others were gloating at the misfortune, thinking that Qin Feng had no spiritual consciousness, and when the third round of chance was about to collapse, the four of Qin Feng were already full of joy.

"Sister Fengxi, you really guessed it right this time. This third round of chance is really related to divine consciousness!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er was full of joy.

Feng Xi also blushed happily.

Qiyue said happily: "Fortunately, we predicted in advance that the master has refined four knowledge enhancement pills in advance. This will greatly benefit our future challenges!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and said: "Yeah! What's even better is that I still have 18 knowledge enhancement pills in my hand. All these need to be refined, and my consciousness range can reach 41,000 miles."

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Master, if your range of consciousness reaches 41,000 miles, I'm afraid that among all the contestants, you will be the first."

Ji Yang's body smiled: "It's hard to say! However, although the first one cannot be guaranteed, the top three should be fine."

In fact, Qin Feng is modest.

If his Divine Consciousness range reaches 41,000 miles, he will definitely be number one in the field.

Even if Old Ancestor Taixu refines all the knowledge enhancement pills in his hands, it will only be more than 38,000 miles away, which is one step worse than him.

At this time, Ji Yang's body said again: "Yue'er, time is limited! Let's hurry into zero-degree space!"

Qiyue nodded obediently: "Yeah!"

Feng Xi also smiled and said: "Master, you have Yue'er's time force field to help you. You have 10 hours of refining time. Enough for you to refine the eighteen knowledge enhancement pills."

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "Indeed! Feng Xi, you also enter the zero-dimensional space. Take advantage of this spare time to refine some divine essence and improve your strength. The same is true for Yue'er!"

The eyes of the two girls lit up, and they all nodded happily.

Ten hours in zero-dimensional space is enough for them to refine a lot of divine energy.

Then, with a wave of Ji Yang's body, the three of them turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er was the only one left in the field, guarding the square.

The space node is hidden in her body, and people around it naturally cannot see it.

"Strange! Why did the three of Qin Feng disappear again?"

The crowd muttered.

Many people have been paying attention to Qin Feng secretly.

"Oh! He's just pretending to be a ghost!"

"Uh?! Why did he do that?"

"You didn't look at this square, everyone is refining knowledge enhancement pills. You must know that only those who have spiritual consciousness can refine knowledge enhancement pills. Obviously, Qin Feng has no spiritual consciousness, so he has to hide. Let everyone see his details!"

"Huh! Makes sense!"

"That being said, Qin Feng will be crushed by the next chance!"

"Haha! That's of course! He has no spiritual consciousness, and in the next opportunity, he won't have a chance to cheat."

"That's great! Heavenly Dao finally opened his eyes!"

At this moment, there was a lot of discussion in the crowd.

Everyone showed schadenfreude.

Xiao Luan'er heard all these rumors in her ears, and felt a little funny in her heart.

These self-righteous fellows!

They thought that Dad had no consciousness!

After the new round of opportunities begins, you will have a good look at how strong Dad's consciousness is!

Chapter 473 Encirclement and suppression at sea, soul power greatly increased!

After some discussion, the powerhouses also knew that time was precious, and they all sat cross-legged and began refining the knowledge enhancement pills.

After all, in the previous pass rewards, players who scored more than 1 point in the second round were rewarded with a knowledge enhancement pill.

Soon, most of the players were racing against time to refine the medicinal pills.

But there are still seven or eight hundred players, eagerly watching others refining, with a bitter expression.

Some of these people scored 0 points in the second round, and some even scored 5 points, and naturally there was no reward for passing the test.

However, there are still 20 or 30 players in the heaven-level realm, who clearly have knowledge enhancement pills in their hands, but because they have no spiritual consciousness, they cannot refine the pills, and they can only watch others refining them.

Just like that, while most of the players were refining the pills, only a few people complained in a low voice.

"Hey! This deity is a dignified demigod peak powerhouse, but he got 0 points in the second round. He doesn't even have the knowledge enhancement pill for passing the level, so he can only watch others refine it."

"Hey! My friend, it is understandable that you didn't score in the second round based on your strength at the peak of the demigod. But this old man's 680,000-star combat power clearly has the strength to hunt demons, but he won in the second round. minus 5 points!"

"No way! With 680,000-star combat power, this is not considered weak in the peak of demigods. How could my brother get a negative score?"

"Hey! The old man was unlucky. In the second round, he was assigned to challenge the temple on the 9th. He met Taixu ancestor and Jinshen, and then he was poisoned by them!"

"So it is! Brother, your luck is a little worse!"

"Hey! It's hard to say anything!"

The two of them were stunned!

He does not mean that!

When a heavenly powerhouse heard this, his eyes lit up.

Then, he stood up, held up a knowledge enhancement pill high, and shouted to the crowd.

"Everyone, I don't have spiritual consciousness, so I can't refine this knowledge-enhancing pill. Now, I want to sell this knowledge-enhancing pill, who wants it?"

As soon as these words fell, there was a commotion in the audience.

Of course, those players who are refining medicinal pills have no time to pay attention to these trivial matters.

But those powerhouses who have spiritual consciousness but do not have knowledge enhancement pills have their eyes lit up.

Immediately, a mid-stage demigod powerhouse stood up.

"This friend, how do you sell your knowledge enhancement pills?"

"5 Holy Land Divine Essence!!"

"5 Divine Essence? Is it too expensive? How about 4?"

The day-level contestant shook his head: "No way! 5 Divine Essences, not one of them!"

The demigod powerhouse is worried: "Friend, I only have 4 Divine Essences in my hand, can you accommodate it? Otherwise, I will add some other items of equivalent value."

The sky-level player still shook his head: "Sorry! Now I just want to improve my strength, so I only want Divine Essence."

The demigod powerhouse sneered: "My friend, there are not many people who need to increase their knowledge and have Divine Essence in their hands. If you miss 880, and you want to trade again next time, you won't have such a good opportunity."

This demigod powerhouse is called Hei Yan, a mid-stage demigod powerhouse.

He is confident that other people should not be able to buy the Zengshi Dan other than he can afford it.

But at this moment, a girl's voice sounded in the field.

"5 Divine Essence, right? I want it!"

As soon as those words fell, everyone was shocked, and they turned their heads to look, and saw that the speaker was Xiao Luan'er.

The eyes of the day-level contestant lit up: "Do you want to increase your knowledge of Dan?"

Xiao Luan'er's mouth twitched: "Of course! You're afraid that I don't have divine energy!"

The sky-level player quickly reacted and ran over with a happy face.

Xiao Luan'er won the third place before and won 70 Divine Essence, which is obvious to all.

Since this little rich woman wants to buy medicinal pills, he is eager to sell it.

He was worried at first, and everyone did not have Divine Essence in exchange for his Knowledge Enhancement Pill.

If he couldn't sell it, he would have to sell 4 Divine Essences to Hei Yan at a low price.

According to the value of the knowledge enhancement pill, it is almost the value of 5 gods.

Seeing this scene, Hei Yan was furious.