Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, he stared at Xiao Luan'er coldly.

"Little girl, you are in the prefecture-level realm, and you don't even have divine consciousness. What do you want to buy a Zen-enhancing Pill for?"

Xiao Luan'er was displeased: "I want you to take care of it? I'm happy!"

"you!"

Hei Yan was so angry that his eyes widened.

But fighting is forbidden in this safe area, and he can't do anything to Xiao Luan'er.

"Humph! Little girl, you want to make this deity unhappy! In the next round of opportunities, you'd better not let me meet you!"

Hei Yan dropped these cruel words and sat down angrily.

He also wanted to compete with Xiao Luan'er on price, but he only had 4 Divine Essence in his hands, so he was powerless.

Soon, Xiao Luan'er and the sky-level expert completed the transaction.

Both are very happy!

The master at that level felt that it was very cost-effective to exchange the knowledge enhancement pills that he could not use for the Divine Essence that he could use.

Xiao Luan'er wanted to give the knowledge enhancement pill to Qin Feng.

At present, the effect of one Knowledge Enhancement Pill on Qin Feng is probably more precious than ten Divine Essence.

Because the next opportunity is related to spiritual consciousness, if Dad refines one more knowledge enhancement pill, the advantage will naturally increase by one point.

Thinking of this, Xiao Luan'er put away the knowledge enhancement pill with satisfaction.

At this moment, a few more heaven-level players got up, took the initiative to take out the knowledge enhancement pill, and wanted to trade with Xiao Luan'er...

Little Luan'er is overjoyed!

If Dad can refine more knowledge enhancement pills, then the next third chance will be more beneficial to Dad...

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er is actively acquiring Qi Zeng Shi Dan...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Both Qiyue and Fengxi are refining Divine Essence, and seize the time to improve their strength.

In another practice room.

The anode body is refining the knowledge enhancement pill...

And the very yin body has melted the falling dragon spear into the blade of the anti-god.

At this moment, he was looking at the God-Defying Blade with joy on his face.

[Blade Against God: Demigod Rank Weapon]

[You need to master the law of opening the sky, the law of blood, the law of life, the law of killing, and the law of destruction to control this blade]

[Reminder: This blade is made from the fusion of five 'Suppressing Gods'. 】

"It turns out that the rank above the ninth rank is the demigod rank."

The very yin body muttered, and was extremely satisfied.

He had just tried the back-feeding power of the God-defying Blade and suddenly reached 100,000 stars!

Today, Qin Feng's basic combat power is 370,000 stars, the power of foundation building is 10,000 stars, and the power of sacrifice that can be obtained is 210,000 stars.

In this way, Qin Feng's combat power in the strongest state is 690,000 stars!

690,000 stars!

If it is counted, he has mastered a variety of S-level and SS-level talents, and his comprehensive strength should be comparable to that of the 750,000-star demigod peak.

On the square, there will be no more than 30 people with a combat power of 750,000 stars or more.

In short, Qin Feng has truly stepped into the ranks of the top powerhouses!

At least in this No. 73 safety zone, he is considered a top player.

If one hundred security zones are counted, there will be three or four thousand people with a combat power of more than 750,000 stars, and many of them are terrifying False God realm powerhouses.

However, those are too far for Qin Feng!

His competitors are mainly the No. 73 security zone, regardless of the people in other zones.

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body satisfactorily put away the anti-god blade.

Later, he also sat cross-legged and took out a knowledge enhancement pill to refine...

In this way, Qin Feng's two main bodies can refine the knowledge enhancement pill at the same time, and the refining speed will be twice as fast...

Just as the very yin body was preparing to refine the medicinal pills, a reminder from the heavens sounded in his mind...

[Refining and Knowledge Enhancement Pill succeeded! Congratulations, your soul body has been strengthened to a certain extent, and the combat power has increased by +100 stars. 】

[Refining and Knowledge Enhancement Pill succeeded! Congratulations, your consciousness has been greatly strengthened, and the scanning range has increased by +500 stars]

The extremely negative body suddenly lit up.

At the same moment, Ji Yang's body opened his eyes with joy.

It turned out that it was Jiyang's body that had just refined a knowledge enhancement pill.

After refining the knowledge enhancement pill, it can not only greatly enhance the consciousness, but also strengthen the soul body, which can be said to kill two birds with one stone!

At this moment, the two main bodies looked at each other and smiled, both of them were very satisfied.

Afterwards, the two main bodies each swallowed a knowledge enhancement and continued refining...

In this way, Qin Feng's two main bodies are fully refining the knowledge enhancement pill!

His refining speed was twice that of other players.

If you count the time force field, his speed is twenty times that of other players...

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm.

Somewhere in the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, something is happening!

At this time, the sound of explosions over the sea area continued!

Thousands of miles of sea are shaking!

I saw that above the sea, the phantom avatar was bombarding a blood fog with all its strength.

The moon spirit clone's eyes lit up with silver light, constantly releasing the soul-killing pupil.

And in the blood mist, a long sword that was half black and half white was suspended.

That is the reincarnation sword of Soul Void Great Venerable.

It turned out that the phantom avatar was entangled with Soul Void Great Senior all the way, and couldn't take Soul Void Great Senior for a long time.

It was at this critical moment that the Moon Spirit clone was killed.

The two avatars joined forces and finally exploded the Great Venerable Soul Void.

But then, the scene fell into a deadlock again!

It turned out that Soul Void Great Venerable's soul body was too strong, and suddenly reached the mid-level demigod.

The two avatars only have 80% of Qin Feng's combat power, and only 80% of their soul power attack power, just reaching the level of the mid-stage demigod threshold.

Such a powerful soul thorn attack can only do limited damage to Soul Void Great Venerable.

After all, Great Venerable Soul Void's talent is the S-level Soul Dao talent.

At this moment, the reincarnation sword continued to emit soul light, causing the blood mist to churn endlessly, as if to revive Soul Void Great Venerable.

boom! boom! boom!

The phantom avatar kept bombarding the blood mist, blasting away the reunited blood mist again and again, preventing the resurrection of Soul Void Great Venerable.

call out! call out! call out!

At the same time, Yueling's clone kept releasing soul thorns, bombarding the sword of reincarnation, trying to kill the soul hidden in the sword.

But at this moment, the great laughter of Soul Void Master came out from the sword body!

"You two don't waste your efforts! Although this deity is not your opponent, it is absolutely impossible for you to kill this deity! Haha!"

The laughter of Soul Void Great Venerable is a bit arrogant!

The Moon Spirit clone and the Mirage clone are too lazy to care!

They could hear that Great Venerable Soul Void was just sullen, pretending to be okay.

Although the soul thorn attack of the moon spirit avatar has limited damage to it, as long as the moon spirit avatar keeps attacking, it will definitely be able to consume the illusory soul to death within five hours.

"Haha! Boy! The deity said, you can't kill me! Tell you, it will definitely be detrimental to you if you spend it like this. Don't you know that all the mysterious forces are looking for you?"

Soul Void Great Venerable continued to shout.

call out!

Yueling clone sneered and continued to shoot a soul thorn...

boom!

The soul thorn blasted into the sword body!FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The next second, a muffled sound came from the sword, which seemed to be in pain.

Seeing this scene, both the Moon Spirit avatar and the Mirage avatar's eyes lit up, showing a touch of joy.

That Soul Void Great Venerable is even more frightened in his heart!

It turned out that he felt that the power of the soul thorns of the Moon Spirit clone had become stronger!

How could this be?

Should not be!

Generally speaking, when attacking with various soul power methods, the more the number of attacks, the more soul power will be consumed, which will lead to the weakening of the power of the soul power attack!

How could this guy's soul attack become stronger?

Soul Void Great Senior naturally does not know.

Just at that moment, Qin Feng, who was far away in the Holy Land, refined a knowledge enhancement pill, and his soul body was strengthened.

In this way, his clone soul power attack has also become stronger...

"Damn it! You can't kill the deity! The deity has already asked other mysterious forces for help! It won't be long before Dazun Xinggu and Dazun Xielong will come here. If you are wise, you should flee!"

At this moment, Great Venerable Soul Void struggled and was full of nonsense.

He didn't know yet that the Great Senior Sorrow Long had already fallen.

However, Da Zun Xing Gu really came, and he was on his way to the Blood Moon Clan's residence...

For the shouting of the Soul Void Great Senior, the Moon Spirit clone will naturally ignore it, and continue to frantically release the soul thorn attack...

Soul Void Great Venerable roared anxiously!

call out! call out!

It was at this moment that white light flashed in the field!

The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone appeared!

It turned out that the children of the Dragon Taming Clan had been thoroughly cleaned up, and the two clones rushed over immediately.

When the Great Venerable Soul Void saw the two of them, he felt bad in his heart.

Because these two guys look exactly the same as the Moon Spirit clone and the Mirage clone.

He still doesn't understand, what is the relationship between these guys?

What is the relationship between these guys and Qin Feng?

call out! call out! call out!

But without waiting for him to think about it, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone directly entered the battle, and at the same time released the soul thorns, and began to blast into the soul body of the Void Great Venerable...

The phantom avatar also bombarded the blood mist and released a soul thorn attack...

The Great Venerable Soul Void suddenly screamed!

At this moment, his spirit body momentum began to drop significantly!