Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Before only the Moon Spirit clone bombarded, he could barely bear it.

Now that the four avatars are attacking together, he can't bear it anymore

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

In this way, the four avatars joined forces to bombard the Soul Void Great Venerable, and its momentum continued to plummet.

The screams in the blood fog are getting louder and louder!

Not only that, Qin Feng's two main bodies are refining the knowledge enhancement pill, and the strength of his soul body is still getting stronger.

As a result, the soul power attack of the four avatars of Yueling became stronger and stronger.

The screams of Soul Void Great Venerable became more and more shrill, and the momentum was falling all the way.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour passed.

Soul Void Great Venerable's spirit body momentum has plummeted by 90%...

And the soul thorn attack of the four avatars of Yueling actually increased the power by a full 10%.

It turned out that Qin Feng had refined more than ten pieces of knowledge enhancement, and the soul body had been enhanced a lot.

At this moment, Soul Void Great Senior is at the end of the shot.

From the blood mist, his screams and begging for mercy were constantly heard!

He was completely panicked!

At this moment, a stalwart figure appeared on the sea tens of thousands of miles away.

It is that Xing Gu Dazun!

At this moment, Great Senior Xing Gu looked at the direction of the battle of the four clones from afar, with a look of doubt in his eyes.

"There are some energy fluctuations in that direction. Could it be that something happened?"

Xing Gu couldn't help but muttered.

The distance is too far, he can't see the situation in the field, but he can feel some energy fluctuations.

At this moment, his mind moved, and his eyes instantly burst into golden light.

hum!

A silent beep!

Clairvoyance secret technique activated!

The power of the pupil penetrated tens of thousands of miles in an instant!

The next second, he saw that the four avatars were besieging a group of blood fog.

When he saw the appearance of the four avatars, he immediately showed a look of horror.

"It's Qin Feng! Or four Qin Fengs! What's going on?"

Xing Gu was shocked

At the beginning, he saw Qin Feng enter the Holy Land with his own eyes, and he naturally knew what Qin Feng looked like.

Right now, he suddenly saw Qin Feng's four avatars, and was naturally stunned.

Having said that, he thought that Qin Feng might still be in the Holy Land.

He has to kill Qin Feng's lair first and wait for the rabbit.

Right now, four Qin Fengs appeared, which caught him by surprise.

"Hey! That long sword in the blood fog is..."

At this time, Xing Gu's clairvoyance swept towards the blood mist and landed on the Samsara sword in the blood mist.

The next second, horror flashed in his eyes again.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"That's the reincarnation sword of the ghost! It's not good! It's the ghost that has an accident!"

"I didn't expect that a person who was about to break through to the demigod realm would be bombarded by four Qin Fengs. No way! I have to save him quickly!"

Thinking of this, Xing Gu rushed in the direction of the battle.

It's just that he got one thing wrong, that is, the soul void has broken through to the demigod realm, and with the help of the sword of reincarnation, its comprehensive strength is difficult to deal with.

And Xing Gu thought that there was no breakthrough in the soul void, so he was bombarded by the four avatars together.

He underestimated Soul Void Great Venerable, and naturally he underestimated the four avatars

Chapter 474: Confront Xing Gu! Capture the reincarnation!

At Xing Gu's speed, it took ten minutes at most to reach the battlefield.

At that time, the trouble of the four avatars will be big.

After all, Xing Gu is a mid-stage demigod powerhouse, and as a veteran demigod powerhouse, he has many means and treasures.

And for his arrival, the four avatars have not noticed yet.

At the same time, something is happening in zero-degree space.

That practice secret room.

The polar yang body and the polar negative body opened their eyes at the same time, all with smiles on their faces.

Just now, the two main bodies finally finished refining 18 knowledge enhancement pills.

Today, Qin Feng's consciousness scanning range has reached 41,000 miles, and the strength of his soul body has also increased a lot.

Now, his basic combat power has increased to 372,200 stars, which has increased a lot.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

After all, there are still more than 20 minutes until the end of the rest time.

Converted to time in zero-degree space, there are more than four hours.

He couldn't waste such a long time!

Thinking of this, the palm of the extreme yin body turned over, and there were three groups of divine blood in the palm that looked like glazed glass.

[True Dragon Blood Essence (Superior): Ninth-rank middle-grade level. 】

As soon as he saw the essence and blood, his eyes became hot.

This is the great opportunity that he obtained when he killed the Great Senior Dragon.

If he refines those three groups of blood essence, his combat power can skyrocket a lot...

Thinking of this, the very yin body's heart moved, and a drop of blood essence automatically flew to the extremely yang body...

Qin Feng has refined the Spiritual Marrow Pill, and the speed of refining the blood of the divine beast has greatly increased.

It only took him about an hour to refine this group of top-quality blood essence.

Three groups is three hours!

If the two main bodies are refined together, the speed will naturally be faster.

But just as Ji Yang took over the blood essence and prepared to refine it, Xiao Luan's voice transmission sounded in his mind.

"Dad, I have fourteen knowledge enhancement pills in my hand, and I will trade them for you now!"

The anode body was both surprised and delighted.

Immediately, he asked by voice transmission: "Little guy, where did you get so many knowledge enhancement pills?"

Xiao Luan'er: "Dad, there aren't some heaven-level players in the safe zone. They don't have spiritual consciousness and can't refine the knowledge-enhancing pill, so they want to exchange the knowledge-enhancing pill for divine essence..."

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er briefly explained the process.

After listening to Ji Yang's body, he was very happy.

Then, the two ended their conversation.

Jiyang Ontology entered the trading channel and took out fourteen knowledge enhancement pills.

Seeing the newly obtained medicinal pill, the two main bodies all smiled.

Afterwards, the body of Jiyang began to refine and refine the knowledge enhancement pill...

The very yin body opened its mouth and took a breath, swallowed three groups of top-quality true dragon essence blood, and began to refine it alone...

For Qin Feng, it is very important to improve the strength of consciousness, and it is equally important to improve the combat power.

After all, among the players, his combat power is not the strongest,,,

So, he has to do it both ways...

But on the other side, the Blue Star Realm, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

The four clones bombarded the blood mist frantically!

hum! hum! hum!

Inside the blood fog, the Sword of Samsara moaned constantly!

In the sword body, the soul body of Soul Void Great Venerable has been crying and begging for mercy.

"Everyone! I was wrong! The old man was wrong! Please forgive the old man! The old man swears that he will never be an enemy of Longyuan Town for eternity, and is willing to obey your dispatch!"

Soul Void Great Venerable's tone is extremely sincere, and his fear is undisguised.

At this moment, his soul body is on the verge of collapse, and naturally he will desperately beg for mercy.

The four elements sneered in body and mind.

The challenger and the hidden person are naturally hostile, how can they negotiate with each other.

Moreover, the main body also killed the younger brother of Soul Void, Venerable Soul Shadow, and the two sides are already deadly enemies!

What's more, if they want to complete the S-level task, they must also kill Soul Void Great Venerable.

In short, Soul Void Great Venerable must die!

With this in mind, the four avatars accelerated their attacks.

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

Suddenly, one after another soul thorns madly bombarded the soul body of Soul Void Great Venerable.

The mournful roar echoed on the sea again!

Soul Void Great Venerable's momentum plummeted all the way, and in the blink of an eye, he dropped 95% of his strength!

"Hey! This is..."

It was at this moment that the Moon Spirit clone seemed to sense something, turned back suddenly, and released his consciousness...

In the next second, a picture appeared in his mind.

I saw a bald man with a majestic figure and a majestic temperament on the sea nine thousand miles away, rushing in this direction...

Looking at the flying speed of the bald man, he suddenly reached the level of the middle stage of a demigod, and he can reach this place in five minutes at most.

"What a fast speed! Now, in the first competition area, it seems that only the patriarch Xing Gu - Da Zun Xing Gu can reach the mid-term strength of demigods! Of course, there may also be hidden demigods in the Six Dao Clan and Luo Tian Clan."

Yueling muttered in her mind and body.

In the next second, the four avatars looked at each other face to face and knew each other.

They are of the same mind!

Everything that Yueling's clone saw means that they also saw it.

At this moment, the four clones concluded that the person who came was probably Xing Gu.

In this case, they have to speed up their attack, lest Xing Gu come and ruin their good deeds!

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!