Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, the four avatars began to attack!

In the blink of an eye, the attack continued for six minutes.

Six minutes in the outside world, and an hour has passed in the zero-degree space.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In just this hour, Ji Yang's body refined two more knowledge enhancements, and the strength of the soul body was greatly increased again...

The power of the spirit power attack of the four avatars has also increased!

"Forgive your life! Forgive your life! Please forgive your life!"

In the blood fog, the mourning of the Soul Void Great Venerable is already hysterical.

His spirit body momentum has plummeted to ninety-nine percent, and he is close to collapse.

At this moment, his heart has gradually become desperate!

At this moment, hundreds of miles away, a small black spot in the shape of a human appeared.

Xing Gu Da Zun finally appeared!

Both sides can only see some black spots, but can't see the specific situation.

However, Da Zun Xing Gu knew that the situation of Soul Void was in critical condition, and immediately yelled at the four avatars!

"Stop! Stop all for this deity!"

Boom!

The sound wave oscillated from a hundred miles away!

It resounded through hundreds of miles of sea, causing the world to tremble!

In the blood fog, Soul Void Great Senior heard the roar, and also saw the human-shaped black spot.

He immediately judged that the person who came was Xing Gu Dazun.

He was instantly ecstatic, as if he had caught a life-saving straw!

The next second, he was facing the distance and shouting for help.

"Save me! Xing Gu Dazun! Come and save me!"

In the distance, Xing Gu heard the echo, secretly thinking that it was indeed an empty soul,

At the moment, he shouted again: "The four boys in front! All stop the deity!"

That tone is full of command meaning, no one can question it!

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

But the result he got was that the four avatars once again strengthened their attacks!

"what!"

Soul Void Great Venerable roared in incomparable pain under the furious attack.

In the distance, Da Zun Xing Gu was extremely annoyed when he heard the screams.

damn it!

These four boys at the Earth-level realm, thinking that they can deal with an empty soul together, dare to ignore his orders like this, they are really courting death!

Boom!

Immediately, he accelerated his flight speed and rushed towards the battlefield...

At the same time, on the battlefield.

Soul Void Great Venerable couldn't hold it anymore, he was so anxious that he shouted loudly!

"Great Master Xing Gu is a mid-stage demigod powerhouse! You... your doomsday will... come... ah!"

Before the words were finished, Great Venerable Soul Void roared miserably!

The roar this time was extremely terrifying!

puff!

In the next second, a light sound came from the sword of reincarnation, like the sound of a candle shattering.

Soul Void Great Venerable's soul body was finally shattered!

hum!

The Samsara Sword let out a terrifying cry!

All struggle!

Come to an abrupt end!

The blood mist all over the sky dissipated in the air!

Only the shrill screams echoed over the sea!

Afterwards, a few white lights flew into the blood mist and poured into the bodies of the major bodies...

0

The Great Venerable Soul Void has fallen!

call!

Finally killed it!

The four avatars breathed a sigh of relief and smiled.

The next second, the Mirage clone beckoned and grabbed the Samsara sword and a storage ring in his hands.

Then, he opened the Tiandao light screen, entered the trading channel, and put the Samsara sword and the storage ring into the trading bar...

At the same moment, Yueling clone found an amputated limb and began to extract endlessly...

In the next second, a happy expression appeared on his face, as if he had extracted something useful again...

"Damn!"

Tens of miles away, Xing Gu roared, his face flushed with anger!

These four **** little thieves actually ignored his warning and killed the empty soul!

He is going to go over and destroy these four!

Having said that, these four people can join forces to kill Soul Void, and their combined strength should be close to the threshold of a demigod.

In addition, they must have the means to restrain the soul!

Otherwise, they can't kill the soulless.

Although Soul Void's combat power is not strong, its resurrection ability can be regarded as the first of the ten mysterious forces.

However, that's all he is!

Xing Gu has never paid attention to Soul Void, and naturally he will not pay attention to the four avatars.

For him, the four avatars can restrain the soul path talent, which means nothing to him.

"That Qin Feng is really weird! Are they quintuplets? One enters the Holy Land and four stay outside the Holy Land. If so, they will definitely have telepathy and be good at joining forces!"

0

"Anyway, none of these four boys can be kept! The deity will kill them just because he was deducted 4,000 points!"

Boom!

Thinking of this, Xing Gu sped up and rushed over...

Up to now, he has not discovered that the soul has broken through to the demigod realm.

Dozens of miles away, for Xing Gu, is the blink of an eye.

In just a moment, he was on the scene.

The four avatars also finished the trivial matters and looked at him coldly one by one.

The two sides face off!

At this moment, Xing Gu silently looked at the four clones.

After a while, a complicated look appeared in his eyes.

These four guys are really four prefecture-level realms!

He thought it was too far away, and the detected information might be wrong.

Now, he took a closer look and was quite sure that the four avatars were really at the Earth-level realm.

This shocked him very much!

It's unbelievable!

Only four prefecture-level realms joined forces, and they were able to exert a strength close to the threshold of a demigod.

If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it!

Xing Gu murmured in his heart.

However, he is a mid-stage demigod powerhouse, even if these four guys join forces, they can reach the demigod threshold.

He is also confident to kill these four people.

Thinking of this, the look in Xing Gu's eyes became more and more confident, and the proud look was hard to hide.

At the same time, the Mirage clone, Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone were all on guard.

They are just clones, and they don't have as many means as the main body.

One does not have the sacrificial power of Feng Xi's three daughters, and the other does not have the feedback power of the God-defying Blade.

Therefore, the strength of the four of them is the initial stage of demigods.

The strength of the four of them joining forces is only in the middle stage of the demigod.

Whether they can defeat Xing Gu, it is really hard to say!

Having said that, if they can defeat Xing Gu, they will be able to get the seventh divine artifact, which will be of great help to the main body.

At this moment, the field was a little quiet, and the atmosphere was already tense!

At this moment, Xing Gu looked towards the Mirage clone ahead.

"What's your relationship with Qin Feng?!"

Xing Gu's tone was full of pride.

The corners of the phantom avatar's mouth twitched slightly, disdain to answer.

Xing Gu frowned, suddenly feeling annoyed.

These four guys are really arrogant!

Before, regardless of his stop, he killed Soul Xu like that.

Now I don't care about his questioning!

"court death!"

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, Xing Gu suddenly shot, and directly slaughtered the Mirage clone.

Chapter 475: Strength skyrockets! Murder with a knife!

Boom!

At that moment, Xing Gu's aura suddenly erupted, reaching 450,000 stars, which made the world tremble!

In the blink of an eye, Xing Gu slaughtered to the front of the phantom avatar, and slapped it towards the top of the phantom avatar's head with one palm.

boom!

With a palm of the sky, it was shot with a bang!

click! click! click!