Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Wherever the palm of the wind passed, the space shattered every inch, and all of them turned into dust.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, the Moon Spirit clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone rushed over at the same time.

Then, the four avatars shot together!

For a time, the light of the sword, the light of the sword, and the giant hammer all soared into the sky, and the momentum was earth-shattering, welcoming the palm of the sky!

Seeing this scene, Xing Gu's eyes were full of ridicule!

In the mere four prefecture-level realms, even if the combined strength is comparable to the threshold of a demigod, it cannot stop his palm.

This time, he will definitely be able to hit these four boys with one palm!

Thinking of this, Xing Gu's eyes were full of confidence, and he slammed it down with all his strength!

Boom!

The giant palm falls!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Sword and giant hammer, all welcome!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

boom!

A loud bang!

The waves below are surging, and the whole world is shaking!

In the next second, both parties groaned at the same time, and flew out of each other upside down.

All the four clones flew upside down by more than three thousand feet!

Xing Gu also flew upside down by more than three thousand feet!

In this face-to-face, the two sides actually fought for a drum!

Xing Gu was suddenly dumbfounded!

how can that be!

He is a mid-stage demigod powerhouse!

The four boys in front of them are only at the Earth-level realm.

Before, he thought that the four of them could work together to be comparable to the threshold of a demigod, which had already shocked him.

Only now did he know that he had far underestimated the four avatars.

The power of these four teaming up is terrifying!

Suddenly reached the mid-level of a demigod, on par with him!

impossible!

This is impossible!

Xing Gu exclaimed again and again in his heart!

It was really hard for him to accept the reality in front of him.

But it was the truth, and he had to accept it.

After a long time, Xing Gu recovered from the shock.

After he took a deep breath, he slowly raised his head and looked at the four avatars, his expression became extremely solemn, and he no longer had the arrogance before.

These four boys are too strong!

The power of joining forces is comparable to the mid-stage demigod!

If you talk about a single combat power, it has also reached the initial stage of demigods, so it must not be underestimated!

At this moment, Xing Gu has regarded the four avatars as the same-level powerhouse.

According to his arrogant personality in the past, in the entire first division, few can catch his eyes.

If there were, it would be Luo Tian, ​​Dao Kong, and the sleeping horrors of the Six Dao Clan.

However, there are four more now, that is, the four boys in front of him.

What's even more terrifying is that these four boys are only at the Earth level.

If these four boys all break through to the realm of heaven, they will definitely reach the pinnacle level of demigods together.

By then, he will be crushed.

Thinking of this, Xing Gu panicked!

He can't accept it, and someone else has the ability to overwhelm him, especially a challenger!

It seems that he is going to fight to the death today!

In any case, he will kill these four people, and he can't let them grow any longer.

Thinking of this, Xing Gu's eyes were firm.

He has the confidence to kill the four avatars.

Because, he has mastered one of the strongest law of death in the S-class law!

The law of death can be called the first law of killing the enemy.

As long as the target is injured, its injuries will continue to accumulate and increase, unable to recover, and eventually fall.

Unless the target also masters the law of death, or the law of life.

But these two laws are too difficult to comprehend, and he is confident that the four avatars are impossible to master.

With this thought, Xing Gu's confidence came again.

He didn't know that Qin Feng not only mastered the law of death, but also mastered the law of life, which completely exceeded his expectations.

At this time, Xing Gu said slowly: "I didn't expect that the four of you are so strong! It seems that the deity has to exert all his strength today!"

hum!

As soon as Xing Gu waved his hand, a set of black armor appeared out of thin air, exuding extraordinary momentum.

The four avatars looked curiously

[Death Armor: The ninth-order low-grade, transformed from the divine object. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level law of death in order to control and refine this armor. 】

The eyes of the four avatars lit up, and they were all fiery.

This is the seventh heaven-suppressing fetish.

If they can grab it, it will have a great effect on the main body.

hum!

At this moment, the death armor flew towards Xing Gu and automatically possessed itself...

click! click! click!

In just a split second, Xing Gu put on his armor, and his combat power skyrocketed, suddenly reaching 460,000 stars.

This is all over, he waved again, a white light flashed in front of him, and a double-edged axe appeared in the air...

The four clones looked again...

[Xingtian Axe: Ninth-rank high-grade, weapon type. 】

Seeing this, the four avatars gleamed again.

They didn't expect that in addition to a god-suppressing object, Xing Gu also had a ninth-rank high-grade weapon.

Among the ninth-order items, the weapons are of the highest value.

The weapons of the ninth-rank high-grade are even more precious.

In other words, if they can kill Xing Gu, they can get two treasures.

The same is the 'Death Armor' transformed by the divine object, and the other is the Xingtian Axe of the ninth-rank high-grade.

At this moment, Xing Gu grabbed the handle of the axe with one hand.

hum!

At that moment, the Xingtian Axe lit up with golden light, one after another!

Human-machine in one!

Start again!

Xing Gu's momentum soared all the way, and in a blink of an eye, it soared to 40,000 stars, reaching a combat power of 500,000 stars.

It turned out that weapons of the ninth rank and above can be combined with human and machine to feed back the combat power.

Generally, the combat power of the ninth-order low-level feedback is 10,000 stars.

The ninth-order top-grade can reach about 40,000 stars.

However, the ninth-order weapon does not have the effect of resurrecting the master.

That is one of the unique abilities of the Heaven-Suppressing God.

However, it was said that Xing Gu's combat power had skyrocketed to 500,000 stars.

The Mirage clones, Moon Spirit clones, Wood Spirit clones, and Ice Spirit clones all changed slightly.

Their combat power is about 320,000 stars.

Before, Xing Gu's combat power reached 450,000 stars.

Together, they were barely tied.

Right now, Xing Gu's combat power has skyrocketed to 500,000 stars, and the situation is not good!

Only when this idea came up, Xing Gu took action.

"Little thieves! Die! Haha!"

Swish!

As soon as the voice fell, Xing Gu raised the giant axe, laughed and killed the past!

This time, he is confident!

The four avatars quickly faced off!

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides fought together immediately!

For a time, the field was slaughtered in darkness, and the waves were terrifying!

It's like the end is coming!

This time, Xing Gu's battle strength increased greatly.

In just a moment, he had the upper hand.

But it didn't take long for him to be shocked, and his eyes were full of disbelief.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It turned out that he found that the four avatars also mastered the law of death.

The trump card he originally relied on, just lost its effect.

Damn it!

These four have all mastered the law of death!

When did the law of death become so worthless?

Xing Gu was extremely angry!

In this way, the two sides fought fiercely!

Xing Gu had the upper hand, but he couldn't deal with the four avatars.

The battle between the two sides has entered a stalemate...