Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Of course, there are still changes.

That is, the polar body is refining the knowledge enhancement pill.

The extremely negative body is refining the best-quality true dragon blood essence.

Qin Feng's strength has been quietly increasing.

As a result, the strength of the four avatars is also secretly increasing.

Xing Gu's advantage has been gradually weakening.

It's just that he hasn't found it yet

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

In the Holy Land, it was only six or seven minutes away from the end of the rest.

On the square of safety zone 73

Most of the players have finished refining the knowledge enhancement pill, waiting for a new opportunity to start there.

Only a few people continue to refine the knowledge enhancement pill.

After all, most players only have one knowledge enhancement pill, and only a few outstanding players have more than two knowledge enhancement pills.

It takes at least an hour to refine and refine two knowledge enhancements.

At this moment, after people are free, they start chatting again.

"Brother, I refined a knowledge-enhancing pill, and the range of my knowledge has increased from 3,000 miles to 3,500 miles. It feels pretty good!"

"Haha! I increased from 3,200 miles to 3,700 miles!"

"So, my brother's consciousness is better than mine!"

"It's only two hundred miles away! It's not strong enough to go there! Having said that, the third round of opportunities is about to begin, right?"

"Come on! It's about 7 minutes before the rest is over."

"That's good! The old man can't wait!"

"Haha, me too!"Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The more everyone talked, the more excited they became, and there was some anxiety in their expressions.

In a corner, Xiao Luan'er sat there alone, very anxious.

I don't know what happened to my father?

Before, she spent a lot of thought, acquired fourteen knowledge enhancement pills, and gave them all to her father.

I don't know if Dad has time to refine it? !

If Dad can refine it, then they will have a huge advantage in the next chance competition.

Thinking of this, the little girl was full of expectations.

At this very moment, something is happening in the zero-dimensional space.

Zero-degree space, that secret room.

Ji Yang's body opened his eyes with joy.

Just now, he refined another knowledge enhancement pill.

Today, his divine consciousness has reached 46,000 miles.

And he still has 4 knowledge enhancement pills that have not been refined.

If all refining, then the range of consciousness can reach 48,000 miles.

"Calculate the time, the rest will be over in 7 minutes from the outside world. The zero-degree space is 70 minutes. You can only refine two knowledge enhancement pills at most!"

Ji Yang's body muttered in his heart, feeling a little worried

He has 4 knowledge enhancement pills in his hand.

Boom!

It was at this moment that there was a huge movement ahead.

Jiyang body looked up and saw that Jiyin body was lit up with red light, the body roared violently, and the momentum was soaring wildly all the way, amazing...

At the same time, a reminder of Heaven's Way came to his mind.

[Refining of True Dragon Blood Essence (Superior) is complete! Your bloodline talent has been greatly strengthened, and the basic combat power has skyrocketed to 415,000 stars]

[Your bloodline talent has been strengthened, and the power of 'Tongtian Batai' has been greatly improved]

Boom!

At this moment, the extremely yin body, the body roared constantly.

After a long time, he slowly opened his eyes, and all the visions disappeared.

The two main bodies looked at each other with ecstasy in their eyes.

call!

The three groups of top-quality true dragon blood essence have all been refined.

The two main bodies breathed a sigh of relief.

Today, their basic combat power has skyrocketed to 415,000 stars. If you count the power of foundation building, it is 425,000 stars, and their comprehensive strength has skyrocketed!

At this thought, the two main bodies showed satisfaction.

At this time, the extreme yang body waved, and the two knowledge enhancement pills flew to the extreme yin body.

The blood refining is finished!

The very negative body is also idle.

At this moment, the two main bodies are refining the knowledge enhancement pills together, and they should be able to finish refining them before the rest is over.

At this thought, Ji Yang was instantly delighted.

The next second, he opened his mouth and took a breath, swallowed a knowledge enhancement, then closed his eyes and continued refining.

At the same time, after getting the knowledge enhancement pill, the very yin body did not refine it immediately.

I saw him open the Tiandao light screen and enter the trading channel.

In the next second, a white light flashed in front of him, and there was an extra long sword that was half black and half white, and a storage ring.

That is the reincarnation sword and storage ring of Soul Void Great Venerable.

The very yin body happily put away the long sword and storage ring, then took out the anti-god blade and put it into the trading channel.

After dealing with these trivial matters, the very yin body swallowed a knowledge-enhancing pill and started refining with closed eyes

At the same time, a major event was taking place in the Blue Star Realm, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

boom! boom! boom!

At this moment, the Mirage clone, Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone soared.

The combat power has skyrocketed from about 320,000 stars to 340,000 stars.

It turned out that the extreme yin body had just finished refining the blood essence, and its strength had skyrocketed.

The strength of the four avatars also skyrocketed.

With their improvement, the strength of their cooperation skyrocketed.

Xing Gudun felt the pressure greatly increased!

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides fought for a moment, and it became a tie.

Xing Gu's previous advantages have long since disappeared!

Damn it!

These four guys are so weird!

How can it become stronger and stronger? !

In the end what happened? !

Xing Gu murmured in his heart.

He became more and more unsure.

"These four guys are Taikoo 2.1 weird! I can't fight with them any more. If this continues, I might suffer a big loss!"

At this moment, Xing Gu was a little panicked.

The four avatars can actually improve their strength in battle.

This made him unable to figure out the details and dared not continue to fight.

Thinking of this, he swung the axe with all his strength, knocking back the four clones.

Afterwards, he said loudly: "Let's give up today! When the second round of the points competition starts, the deity will definitely win the match with you!"

Abandoning this scene, Xing Gu turned around and left.

The four avatars frowned.

This guy is obviously going to run away!

How could they let this guy escape?

If Xing Gu escaped back to his old nest, it would not be easy to kill Xing Gu.

Now that this guy came out alone, it was the best time to kill him.

Thinking of this, the four avatars will catch up.

But at this moment, the Mirage clone suddenly changed its expression.

Then, he opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the trading channel.

The next second, he took out a long knife from the trading channel, exuding divine might.

That is the demigod-level weapon - the blade of the anti-god!

It turned out that the extreme yin body traded the blade of the **** against the gods to kill Xing Gu.

As soon as he saw the God-defying Blade, the Mirage clone showed surprise.

The next second, he held the handle of the knife in one hand.

hum!

The blade of the God-defying God suddenly burst into golden light, and the laws of the Heavenly Dao rang out incessantly!

In just an instant, the Mirage clone completed the human-machine integration, and its momentum skyrocketed from 340,000 stars to 440,000 stars.

He was instantly ecstatic!

The four avatars are the extension of Qin Feng's body, and naturally he can also use the God-defying blade.

The Moon Spirit clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone were all ecstatic when they saw the imposing manner of the Mirage clone.

Boom!

The next second, the phantom avatar flashed and chased after Xing Gu.

Chapter 476 The Vietnam War is getting stronger! New opportunities open!

Boom!

The dispatch of the Mirage clone is earth-shattering.

At the same moment, he displayed the law of speed and the law of wind, and the speed was terrifyingly fast.

In a blink of an eye, he chased after Xing Gu.

"This is?"