Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Xing Gu turned back quickly and caught up with the Mirage clone alone.

He was surprised at first, and then his eyes showed surprise!

Ha ha!

This little thief is really looking for death!

How dare you chase him down alone!

That being the case, he killed this little thief first!

He has no confidence in dealing with the four avatars.

But to deal with the Mirage clone alone, he is still somewhat sure.

"Little thief! Looking for death!"

boom!

Xing Gu slashed directly at the Mirage clone with an axe.

click! click! click!

That axe slashed, the world cracked!

Even the sea was split by the axe wind, the momentum was earth-shattering!

call out! call out! call out!

At this moment, the Mirage clone suddenly launched a space summon.

The Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone were instantly summoned by him.

The next second, the Mirage clone met the giant axe with a knife.

Slash that knife!

The sword light soared into the sky, one after another!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Yueling and other three avatars also shot together!

For a time, the sword light, the sword light, and the hammer light lit up one after another!

The four avatars joined forces, and the momentum was devastating, and it was stronger than before!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom!

A shocking explosion!

The sky shakes!

Thousands of miles of sea exploded!

Countless spaces shattered inch by inch!

Xing Gu groaned, and was bombarded with blood and flew out.

The four avatars were overjoyed, hurriedly dodged, and chased away.

"Wow!"

Xing Gu flew upside down and 18 feet away before he stabilized his body.

Then, he suddenly raised his head and looked in horror at the four avatars who were chasing after him, with disbelief in his eyes.

How could this be?

Before that, these four were obviously not their opponents.

But it didn't take long for the four of them to be tied with him.

But now it was even more terrifying. The four of them joined forces to blow him to the point where he vomited blood.

What the **** is going on here?

what! That is

Soon, Xing Gu discovered that the long knife in the hand of the phantom avatar was a bit special, exuding ten rays of brilliance.

Half artifact!

Omg! That's a demigod!

Only a demigod can emit ten rays of brilliance.

The brilliance emitted by the ninth-order weapon is nine!

No wonder this kid's strength suddenly skyrocketed!

As a result, he was not an opponent, and was injured by the four of them together.

Boom!

At this moment, the Mirage clone killed again.

Xing Gu was terrified, turned around and fled without thinking about it.

It's just that he has already suffered some injuries, his momentum has dropped, and the speed is naturally slow.

After all, he didn't master the law of wood, so he couldn't heal and recover.

In this way, he was quickly caught up by the phantom clone.

In the next second, the Mirage clone summoned the three Moon Spirit clones, and the two sides fought together again.

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

All of a sudden, it was dark and dark, and the waves were terrifying!

Among them, Xing Gu's roar is heard from time to time!

"Damn it! You can't kill the deity! Don't be delusional!"

But in the next second, Xing Gu was bombarded again and vomited blood and flew out.

However, he also learned to behave.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

After being blown away this time, he fought his injuries and took the opportunity to escape.

In his opinion, as long as he insists on escaping back to the old nest, gathering the strength of the whole clan, and the defense of the old nest, he can protect himself and even kill the four clones.

At his speed, he should be able to escape back to the clan within an hour or two.

How can the four avatars let him go!

Naturally, it is all the way to kill!

In this way, a **** chase began on the sea.

After all, Xing Gu is a mid-stage demigod powerhouse, and it is not easy to kill.

Although Xing Gu vomited blood every time he was injured, the actual injury was not very serious.

A lot of damage was absorbed by the 'Death Armor'...

However, as long as the damage accumulates, Xing Gu's injury will gradually become heavier, the disadvantage will become more and more obvious, and eventually he will fall...

Of course, if Xing Gu fled back to his old nest during this period, the situation would be very variable.

In short, this will be a relatively long-term pursuit.

The four avatars must go all out and not give them a chance to escape back to their old nest.

For Qin Feng, this is also an excellent opportunity to kill Xing Gu...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, the rest time in the Holy Land is coming to an end.

At this moment, the No. 73 safety zone square is already noisy.

All the players completed the refining of medicinal pills, and chatted one by one.

Of course, the top 100 players all have 3 Knowledge Enhancement Pills, not all of them are refined, there is still one left.

But time was too late, and the top 100 powerhouses stopped refining and waited for the third chance to start.

At this moment, in the crowd.

Old Ancestor Taixu and Shen Shen both had happy expressions on their faces.

"Brother Tai Xu, how much has your consciousness increased?"

Jin Shen asked curiously.

Ancestor Taixu stroked his beard and smiled: "Everything is as I expected, it's only 38,000 miles away."

Jin Shen smiled and said, "Brother is humble! 38,000 miles! Among all the people present, Brother is definitely number one."

Ancestor Taixu smiled and said, "My brother's range of consciousness should reach 37,000 miles, right?"

Jin Shen smiled: "It is indeed 37,000 miles, which is still worse than my brother."

Ancestor Taixu hurriedly said, "You don't need to be humble, my brother! If this old man is number one, your consciousness must be number two."

"Brother has won the prize! By the way, what happened to Qin Feng?"

With this reminder, the two of them couldn't help looking in a certain direction, which was the corner where Qin Feng and the others had been staying.

At this look, they didn't see Qin Feng, but only saw Xiao Luan'er sitting there alone.

The two were puzzled, and looked around again, but still did not see Qin Feng's figure.

"Hey! Strange! Why can't you see Qin Feng?"

Jin Shen looked puzzled.

Ancestor Taixu sneered: "The little thief must have used a secret technique in space and hid it somewhere. He has used this type of secret technique before."

Jin Shen suddenly said: "Yes! I almost forgot about this! Just why did he do this?"

Ancestor Taixu pondered for a while and said: "It is estimated that he is making a mystery! After all, he is only at the Earth level, and there is a ninety-nine percent chance that he has no spiritual consciousness, so naturally he can't refine the knowledge enhancement pill. In order to prevent others from seeing the details. , he will naturally hide."

The words just fell, and a player interjected on the side.

"Master Taixu's speculation is too right! I have been secretly observing Qin Feng and the four of them. At the beginning of the rest period, Qin Feng, Feng Xi, and Qiyue disappeared. Only the little Luan'er was there to watch. ."

"During this period, Xiao Luan'er has never refined the knowledge enhancement pill. Obviously, she does not have spiritual consciousness. If she had spiritual consciousness, she should have refined it long ago."

The speaker was a black-faced man, a middle-stage demigod.

He is Hei Yan who had quarreled with Xiao Luan'er.

This black flame did not get the knowledge enhancement pill from beginning to end, naturally it has been very leisurely.

In addition, Xiao Luan'er robbed him of the opportunity to buy Knowledge Enhancement Pill, which made him quite resentful, so he would naturally pay attention to Xiao Luan'er's every move.

Hearing what Hei Yan said, Jin Shen's eyes lit up.

Afterwards, Jin Shen said with a happy face: "So, Xiao Luan'er has no spiritual consciousness. Qin Feng and the three of them, who are in the same realm as her, should be the same. Brother Tai Xu, it seems that your speculation is correct. of."

Ancestor Taixu smiled proudly and said, "With that little thief's scheming, this old man can see through it at a glance!"

Jinshen smiled and said: "No matter how he plays with his scheming, he won't be able to turn a big wave. The next third round of opportunities requires the use of divine sense. He has no divine sense, no matter how much tossing it is useless."

Old Ancestor Taixu said gloatingly: "In this way, the old man is more and more looking forward to the opening of the third round of opportunities. The old man really wants to see the embarrassing appearance of that kid."

As soon as these words fell, the two looked at each other and smiled, their eyes showing the look of wanting to watch a good show.

That Hei Yan also smiled and said, "You two adults, you will be able to see it soon. It's less than a minute before the rest is over. Presumably, that kid will be out soon."

Ancestor Taixu stroked his beard and said with a smile: "I'm afraid that he will keep hiding, so it won't be a good show!"

Jin Shen smiled: "Brother, let's just wait and see!"

At the moment, the three stopped talking, waiting for Tiandao's prompt, while waiting for Qin Feng to appear.

It is at this moment, in the zero-degree space, in the cultivation secret room.

Both the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body opened their eyes from the meditation, and their eyes were full of joy.

They have refined all the knowledge enhancement pills.