Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The heavenly reminder also sounded again.

[Faction Bet: Divide the red and blue camps, and the number of villages in each camp must not exceed 30. Village 911 is automatically defaulted to the red side, and its hostile side is the blue side. 】

[Betting method: Kill monsters to get points, and the faction that accumulated points reaches 1000 points first will be determined to win. 】

[How to get points: 1 point for killing a level 5 beast, 2 points for killing a level 6, 3 points for killing a level 7, 4 points for killing a level 8... and so on. 】Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

[Reminder: Points can only be obtained by killing the beast alone. Teams to kill beasts cannot earn points. 】

Fuck it~!

Points can only be earned by single-playing the beast!

Teaming up to kill monsters is ineffective!

And you must kill at least level 5 beasts to get points!

Everyone was surprised!

Now that the killing world has opened, there are not two days left.

Most people are level 2 to level 3, and very few people can rise to level 5.

In many villages, only one or two people are above level 5.

And level 5 humans are often not the opponents of level 5 beasts, so how do you get points? !

At this time, Tiandao's prompt continued to sound.

[Reminder: In this game, the winning side is the camp. There will be additional rewards for those who reach 300 personal points. Those who reach 500 points, the extra experience is doubled, and when it reaches 800 points, the reward is doubled again! 】

[Reminder: The introduction is over! The initiator Qin Feng can use the authority to select the enemy camp village! 】

As soon as these words fell, everyone was nervous.

The next second, a new prompt appears.

[Reminder: Village No. 5 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

"Baga! Qin Feng has troubled us!"

[Reminder: Village No. 446 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

"Damn it! We only lost half of our resources not long ago!"

[Reminder: Village No. 21 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

"I bought it! We were also selected!"

[Reminder: Village No. 383 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

"Axi! The people of Longguo hold grudges too much! Smecta!"

[Reminder: Village No. 832 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

"Oh! God! No!"

…

Just like this, Qin Feng chose one after another.

Those who scolded him and Long Guo, all were selected, and none were pulled down.

Suddenly, the field exclaimed constantly!

Those who were once arrogant, this time, actually behaved extremely cowardly, all timid, and some even wailed.

The people of Longguo suddenly raised their eyebrows and laughed loudly one by one.

34 Village: "Haha! You arrogant things! Didn't you say that Qin Feng dare not come forward? You are scared now that he has come out? Laughing to death!"

77 Village: "Haha! A bunch of scumbags! I was still spreading rumors about Qin Feng cheating, but you are the ones who cheated!"

911 Village: "I just said that Qin Feng will take care of you! This time, let you know that those who violate our Dragon Kingdom will be punished even if they are far away!"

34 Village: "Don't let anyone who has scolded our Dragon Country! By the way, Mr. Qin Feng, our 34 Village has applied to join the Red Team!"

77 Village: "Boss Qin Feng, our 77 Village also applies to join the Red Team!"

[Reminder: Village No. 34 was elected to the red camp! 】

[Reminder: Village No. 77 was elected to the Red Team! 】

[Reminder: The initiator Qin Feng has ended the faction selection. The number of red camps: 3 villages, and the number of blue camps: 24 villages. 】

[Reminder: During the betting process, the two camps blocked the regional channel function, which is now being blocked...]

When the news came out, everyone was shocked!

isn't it?

There are only 3 villages in the red camp!

Blue Fang has 24 villages!

3 to 24!

Qin Feng is right?

Everyone in the Dragon Kingdom was stunned!

Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country, Asan Country, Nanbang Country and others were all stunned, and they cheered.

"Haha! Arrogance! Arrogance! Qin Feng actually wanted 3 to hit us with 24!"

"Oh! 24 to 3! Win! We're sure to win! Gaga!"

"Yo Xi! Yo Xi!"

"Fantastic! Smecta!"

At this time, the regional channel blocking was successful.

People from both camps were forcibly kicked out.

The entire area channel was instantly silent.

However, there are still many people in the chat channel.

Now there are more than 60 villages that have opened the district chat channel.

Except for the 27 villages in the battle, the remaining villages are neutral.

For example, those from Beixiong Country and Xiaopo Country are all neutral.

They have been watching.

At this moment, they are also a little confused.

One by one quietly watching the chat channel.

After a while, a person from North Bear Country spoke first.

"Wow! 3 against 24! The people of Longguo are so domineering! They are more like a fighting nation than us!"

"Upstairs, 3 villages vs. 24 villages, that's 8 times as many enemies. How can you win?"

"Yeah! I'm not optimistic about the Dragon Kingdom either!"

"Hey! I think that Qin Feng is impulsive!"

"It's very possible! So many people are slandering him and Long Kingdom. I'm afraid that he was stimulated for a while to do such an unreasonable thing."

"So, the people of Longguo are going to suffer! If you lose, you will be deducted 50 attributes, plus 70% of your resources. Few villages can afford it!"

"Yeah! Oh! It's a pity!"

Everyone sighed and shook their heads secretly.

Obviously, they are not optimistic about the Dragon Kingdom.

At the same moment, the chat channel of Village No. 34 was deadly silent.

After a long while, only one person jumped out to speak.

"Everyone, have we been pitted by Qin Feng?"

"Being from the Dragon Kingdom, he shouldn't cheat us, right?"

"But there are only 3 villages on our side, and there are 24 villages on the opposite side!"

"Yeah! I thought he chose 30 villages for his side, but I didn't expect him to choose only 3. Did he make a mistake when he was operating?"

"Hey! Stop talking! The bet is about to start! Let's work hard!"

"Woo! There are only four level 5s in our village, and we don't even have one level 6. How can we work hard? I don't know what to do!"

"No matter how much! Let's work hard! No matter how many points we can get, I believe that Qin Feng must have his purpose in doing so!"

"Oh! I hope so!"

At this moment, the people of Longguo in Village No. 34 were all in a panic.

On the other side, the chat channel on No. 77 was also panicking.

"It's over! It's over! There are only three level 5s in our village, how do we get points?"

"Yeah! I'm so panicked now!"

"I really doubt that Qin Feng made a mistake and trapped our three villages?"

"…"

"It seems possible!"

"Everyone, if you say that, I'm so scared!"

"Hey! So far, everyone can only fight! No matter what, we can't lose the face of the people of the Dragon country and fight again!"

"That's right! Even if you want to lose! You will still be honored even if you lose!"

At the same moment, in Village 911, everyone was also uneasy.

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, did boss Qin Feng make a mistake? Why did he let us have only 3 villages in the square camp, and 24 on the opposite side, that's eight times ours!"

"Yeah! This situation is not right! The more I think about it, the more panic I get!"

"Oh my God! It's not really Qin Feng's operation mistake, right? If this is the case, our three villages in Longguo are dead!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone panicked even more.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng came forward.

Qin Feng: "Don't panic! I didn't make a mistake! Let's work together!"

"Hey! It's the boss of Qin Feng!"

"Boss Qin Feng said there were no mistakes, so there must be no mistakes!"

"I knew it was like this! Boss Qin Feng will never make that kind of low-level mistakes!"

"That's right! Boss Qin Feng must have his reasons for choosing like that!"

"Hee hee! If there is brother Qin Feng, little sister can rest assured!"

"Everyone, what are we still doing? Let's act quickly!"

"Haha! Exactly!"

"Brothers! Move! Ready to fight! Haha!"

At this moment, the chat channel actually cheered.

All this was because of Qin Feng's words, which gave them a reassurance.

Unconsciously, the people of 911 Village had a blind confidence in Qin Feng.

It seems that Qin Feng is omnipotent!

As long as Qin Feng decides, he can do it.

It can be seen that Qin Feng has a very high prestige in the hearts of everyone.

[Reminder: During the camp betting period, the ranking channel has added a ranking list, you can check it at any time. 】

[Reminder: The betting will be officially started in ten minutes, and the countdown is now: 9:59…9:58….]

Seeing this, Qin Feng quickly quit the chat channel.