Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As a result, their Divine Consciousness scanning range has reached 48,000 miles, which is more than 10,000 miles of Taixu Ancestor.

"The rest time should be over!"

At this moment, the very yin body muttered, but looked up in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

Through the vision of the phantom avatar, he saw that the four avatars were chasing and killing Xing Gu all the way.

It's only for a while, but I can't kill Xing Gu!

This is not a good phenomenon!

He must get rid of Xing Gu as soon as possible, because he is still waiting to use the blade of the anti-god.

The next opportunity competition, I am afraid there will be many battles.

With the Anti-God's Blade in hand, his strength will be stronger, and it will be more favorable to compete for opportunities.

Thinking of this, the palm of the extreme yin body turned over, and there was an extra Divine Essence in the palm.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Now, everything he should be refining has been refined, and only a few hundred Divine Essence 413 has not been refined.

It is time for him to refine his divine essence and improve his combat power.

The stronger his combat power is, the stronger the strength of the four clones will be, and the speed of killing Xing Gu will be faster.

What's more, refining Divine Essence and improving strength is also a very pleasant thing.

Thinking of this, the very yin body smiled slightly, swallowed the divine essence, and began to refine it.

Ji Yang's body looked at this scene, smiled, turned into white light, and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, above the square.

Xiao Luan'er was waiting anxiously.

At this moment, a white light flashed beside her, and Ji Yang's body appeared out of thin air.

"dad!"

The little girl was overjoyed when she saw Ji Yang's body.

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "Little girl, is the time almost up?"

"Well, it will be over in less than half a minute. Dad, have you finished refining all those knowledge enhancement pills?"

"Well! It's all refined!"

The little girl was overjoyed: "Great! Then the next opportunity will be very beneficial to Dad."

Ji Yang's body smiled without saying a word.

His heart is also looking forward to the third round of opportunities.

After that, he waved his hand again, white light flashed in the field, and Feng Xi and Qi Yue also appeared out of thin air.

"Owner!"

"Master, is it time?"

As soon as the two appeared, they happily greeted Ji Yang's body.

Jiyang ontology smiled and nodded: "Yeah!"

Afterwards, he looked at the two girls with joy in his eyes.

In such a short retreat, the two women should have refined a lot of divine energy, and their strength has increased a lot.

Feng Xi's combat power reached 127,000 stars, and Qi Yue's combat power reached 83,000 stars.

In this way, the total combat power of the three women has reached 310,000 stars, which can give Qin Feng back 207,000 sacrifices, adding a full 7,000 stars.

good! good!

Ji Yang's body nodded slightly, feeling very relieved.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook slightly.

Everyone stopped talking and looked up at the sky one by one

At this time, the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded in the square.

【Break time is over! 】

[The third round of opportunities is about to open! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the audience immediately became excited.

The third round of opportunity is finally about to open

Chapter 477 The first floor of the Holy Land! Magical use of divine knowledge!

"Dad, the third round is about to begin!"

Xiao Luan'er was also excited.

"I hope this chance rule will be beneficial to the master!"

"Yeah! Sister Feng Xi, I'm a little nervous."

Feng Xi and Qi Yue both muttered softly.

The expressions of the three girls were both anticipation and nervousness.

The three of them have no spiritual sense, and the next chance competition will depend on Qin Feng alone. They naturally hope that the rules will be beneficial to Qin Feng.

At the same time, Ji Yang looked up at the sky and anxiously waited for Heavenly Dao to announce the rules...

At this time, the voice of Tiandao continued to ring

[The third round of opportunities is 'exploring opportunities'. 】

[Rules: The first floor of the Holy Land is open to all players, and it contains all kinds of natural treasures and 'Holy Land Treasure Box'. Players enter the first floor of the Holy Land and search for themselves. 】

[Reminder: Only the first floor of the Holy Land is open this time, and players from the 100 safe areas will enter it to search. Remind the players to use their spiritual sense to search, it will be easier to find the 'holy treasure chest' and various natural and earth treasures. 】

[Rules: There are various treasures in the 'Holy Land Treasure Box', open the Holy Land Treasure Box, you can get a certain amount of points, and get the treasures in it. 】

[Reminder: Holy treasure chests are divided into primary, advanced, and special grades. 】

[Open a primary treasure chest, you can get 3 Holy Land Points, you can harvest a treasure worth quasi-ninth-rank to ninth-rank mid-level. For example: Holy Land Divine Essence, Knowledge Enhancement Pill, Divine Soul Pill, Divine Marrow Pill, etc.]

[Open a high-level treasure chest, you can get 10 Holy Land Points, you can harvest a treasure from the ninth-order high-grade to the ninth-grade top-grade treasure]

[Open a special treasure chest, you can get 100 Holy Land Points, you can harvest a treasure from the demigod level to the low-level **** level. 】

[Reminder: Only 3 special treasure chests are collected on the first floor of the Holy Land. 】

[Rule: Every holy treasure chest will be sealed with a spiritual sense barrier, which needs to be broken with divine sense. If the seal is not broken, the treasure chest cannot be opened. After the game, the treasure chests that have not been cracked and sealed will disappear automatically. 】

[Rules: In this round of chance competitions, killing each other is allowed. The slain will be resurrected in the safe zone, and 10 points will be deducted as punishment, but they can continue to participate.

[Rule: The killed will randomly drop three items, and those with a total score below 0 will be kicked out of the Holy Land. 】

[Reminder: In the first floor of the Holy Land, there is also a hidden treasure chest of gods, I hope those who are destined can get it. After opening the god-level treasure chest, you can get 1000 points, a middle-level god-level treasure. 】

[Rules: After this opportunity ends, there will be a new ranking of points in this area, and there will be generous rewards for entering the top 100. 】

[Rules: Before entering the first floor of the Holy Land, you need to obtain a pass token before you can penetrate the barrier and enter the first floor of the Holy Land. 】

Boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, there was a constant roar around the square.

The original chaotic black fog gradually dissipated, and an incomparably huge barrier mask appeared in front of everyone.

Through the translucent barrier mask, everyone could vaguely see that there was a new big world outside the barrier.

That should be the first floor of the Holy Land.

For a while, there were constant discussions in the field.

"The barrier finally appeared!"

"Yeah! Pass through the barrier ahead and you can enter the first floor of the Holy Land."

"Hey! After a long time, we are still at the starting point of the Holy Land, and we haven't even entered the first floor?"

"Haha! That's of course! Your Excellency, don't underestimate the Holy Land. The treasures in it are endless. The resources on the first floor alone can make people drool."

"Yeah! By the way, Tiandao reminded that you need a pass to pass through the barrier. How do you need to get the pass?"

As soon as these words fell, the voice of Tiandao sounded again

[Players please sit cross-legged. After a while, each player will be enveloped by a sealing barrier, which requires the player to use the power of divine consciousness to crack. 】

[The stronger the consciousness, the faster the cracking speed. If the crack is successful, you can get a pass. If you can't break the seal, you will always be trapped in the barrier, unable to enter the first floor of the Holy Land. 】

boom!

There was an uproar again!

"It turns out that before entering the first floor, there is a spiritual awareness test!"

"The stronger the consciousness, the sooner you can get the pass and enter the first floor!"

"Yeah! The sooner you enter, the greater the benefit will be. Many chance treasure chests can come out on top. It seems that the benefits of divine consciousness are here!"

"The benefits of divine awareness don't stop there. If you want to find treasures, you also need a wide range of divine awareness scans. Therefore, the stronger the divine awareness, the faster you will find treasures."

"Hey! It's over! It's over! I have no consciousness! I don't have the ability to break the seal at all. This opportunity is no match for me!"

"The same is true for this old man! Hey! This opportunity is about to be missed!"

Some people in the crowd looked excited, some were full of anticipation, and some sighed with resentment.

At this time, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again...

[Reminder: The time limit for this round of opportunity is 6 hours. 】

[This is also the last opportunity for this Holy Land to open, please cherish it. 】

[Reminder: All players, please be prepared, the seal barrier will be lowered in three minutes, and the pass test will be conducted]

boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, there was another commotion in the field.

"Three minutes later, the pass order assessment will begin, everyone, hurry up and prepare!"

"Yeah! I'm a little nervous down here!"

"I'm also a little nervous! Not much to say, get ready!"

Whoa!

At the moment, the contestants sat cross-legged one by one, waiting for the assessment to begin.

Those heaven-level players who have no spiritual sense, smiled wryly one by one.

The next assessment will be missed by them.

In the corner, Ji Yang's face was full of joy after listening to the rules.

Feng Xi's three daughters were also full of joy.

"Master, this third chance rule is really biased towards people with strong consciousness. Your current strength of consciousness is 48,000 miles, so it can be said that you are the number one in this area."

Feng Xi's beautiful face was full of sweet smiles.

She is genuinely happy for her master.

Qi Yue also said: "Master, the rules of this round are biased towards you, plus your points from the first two rounds. You won the first round of points in this round, there should be no problem."

Ji Yang's body smiled without saying a word.

Xiao Luan'er said, "Dad, I think the rewards given by the three special treasure chests in this third round of chances are not below the first place in points!"

Feng Xi nodded slightly: "Indeed! The special treasure chest can open treasures from the semi-god level to the low-level **** level. Thinking about it, it's amazing!"

Qiyue also said: "In addition, there is a god-level treasure chest, which can open treasures of the middle-level god-level, which is even more incredible!"

Hearing this, Ji Yang's body couldn't help swallowing a mouthful of water, and his heart was hot.