Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The best treasure in his hand right now is that God-defying blade.

The God-Defying Blade is only a demigod!

And the three special treasure chests, at worst, can open treasures of the demigod level.

If you are lucky, you will be able to open the treasures of the low-grade gods.

As for the only god-level treasure chest, it was even more unimaginable that middle-level god-level treasures could be opened.

If he can get it, it will definitely be a qualitative leap in improving his strength!

At this moment, Xiao Luan's voice sounded.

"Dad, are you sure you will get that god-level treasure chest this time?"

As soon as these words fell, Ji Yang's body showed a wry smile.

"Little girl, you look at your father too much. Before, Tiandao has already reminded it. This time, the players who entered the first floor of the Holy Land are 100 players in the safe area, that is, all players will enter."

"There are definitely strong people in the False God realm among these people, and there are more than one. Our No. 73 security zone is not strong, but the other security zones are only as strong as clouds."

"According to my estimation, there are only thirty or forty people in the powerhouses of the False God Realm. And the range of the False God Realm's consciousness scanning is 100,000 miles. With my 48,000 miles, it's less than half of theirs."

"How do I want to compete with them for the special treasure chest? After all, there are only three 'super treasure chests'. Not to mention fighting for the only one god-level treasure chest."

Speaking of this, Qin Feng was also helpless.

After listening to the three girls, all of them looked sad.

They knew that the master (Dad) was right.

Compared with those False God realm powerhouses, Qin Feng's advantages are gone.

Xiao Luan'er was worried: "Hey! That's how it is! Then the chance of this level is too difficult!"

Ji Yang's body smiled: "It depends on what you want to get. If you don't want to get a special treasure chest, it shouldn't be difficult. Having said that, this third round of opportunities is open, and there are more treasures in it."

"If we are lucky, the chances we get in it may be several times more than the first and second rounds combined."

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "It would be great if that was the case!"

Feng Xi also said: "Although the master's spiritual consciousness is not comparable to those of the False God realm, it is much stronger than those at the peak of the demigods. In my opinion, the master should be the first person under the False God."

"Besides, finding the chance for a treasure chest requires some luck. If the owner is lucky, he might be able to find a special treasure chest."

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Yes! Dad, your luck has always been good. I think you should be able to get a special treasure chest this time."

Ji Yang's body smiled.

He hesitated for a while before whispering: "To tell you the truth, I have a plan in my heart, and maybe there is a way to make my divine sense scan range beyond the False God realm in one fell swoop."

"Beyond the False God Realm?!"

Feng Xi's three daughters were shocked, their beautiful eyes widened.

Ji Yang's body whispered: "Of course, it's just that the scanning range exceeds the False God realm, and the strength of the consciousness cannot be compared with the False God realm."

Feng Xi was excited: "Master, if your divine sense scanning range can exceed the False God realm, then you will have the opportunity to compete with those False God realm for a special treasure chest. This chance depends on the divine sense scanning."

"Whoever discovers the treasure box first will get the treasure box. The wider the range of divine sense scanning, the more chances of obtaining the treasure box."

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes! Master, in this way, your chances of getting a special treasure chest are greatly increased, and there is even a chance to get that god-level treasure chest."

Xiao Luan'er rolled her big eyes: "Dad, what method did you use to let your divine sense scan the range and surpass the False God Realm in one fell swoop?"

Ji Yang took a deep breath: "It's hard to say now! That's just my theoretical assumption. Whether it will work or not, we will have to wait until I enter the first floor of the Holy Land and try it out."

"Oh!"

Xiao Luan'er nodded as if she understood.

At this time, Feng Xi worried again: "Master, the next opportunity requires spiritual awareness. Yue'er, Xiaoluan'er and I all have no spiritual awareness, so we can't continue to participate. What should we do with the three of us?"

"Yes! Dad! We don't have spiritual consciousness, so we can't even get the order!"Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Xiao Luan'er was also worried.

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "It's easy to handle! The three of you return to the zero-dimensional space to refine your divine energy. You can take advantage of this time to improve your strength."

Without a pass, it is impossible to walk on the first floor of the Holy Land.

The three women smiled and nodded, feeling that this arrangement was not bad.

At least their strength has improved, and they can sacrifice more combat power to Qin Feng.

"Master, time is running out, you will take us into the zero-degree space!"

"it is good!"

Ji Yang's body waved his hand and took the three women into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, he sat cross-legged and waited for the passing order assessment to begin.

In the crowd, Taixu Patriarch and Jinshen kept silently watching him.

Seeing this scene, Jin Shen looked puzzled.

"Brother Tai Xu, why did Qin Feng hide those three girls again?"

Ancestor Taixu sneered: "It's just a trick! Watch it! When the seal enchantment assessment begins, he will reveal his secrets."

Jin Shen smiled: "Yeah! In the assessment for a while, you need to use divine sense to break the seal. That kid has no divine sense, so he should have missed the third chance."

Old Ancestor Taixu even gloated over his misfortune and said, "Actually, it was only in the third round of opportunity that the first floor of the Holy Land was opened. Such an opportunity is the real opportunity. The benefits are much greater than the first and second rounds."

"Don't look at Qin Feng's great benefits in the first and second rounds. If he can't enter the first floor of the Holy Land, it will be a waste of time!"

Jinshen smiled: "That's good! By the way, brother, the assessment will begin in a while. With the strength of your consciousness, you should be the first one to break the seal in our district. You know, the first one to walk out of the safe zone. Man, it is very beneficial!"

Speaking of this, Jin Shen showed envy.

Ancestor Taixu stroked his beard with a smile: "It's hard to say! It's hard to say! The assessment hasn't really started yet, and it's not certain who will be the first to break the seal! Maybe, there will be Crouching Dragons and Hidden Tigers in this game."

Grandfather Taixu pretended to be humble.

In fact, he also believes that he can win the first.

Jin Shen even joked: "Brother doesn't need to be humble! Anyway, Jin has already decided that brother is the first. By the way, and Qin Feng, this time he will be trapped in the enchantment. .We can watch his jokes!"

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled at each other.

At this moment, the air vibrated, and the voice of heaven began to sound

【The time has come! Start the pass inspection now! 】

Boom!

Then, the sky shook!

A streak of white light descended from the sky and landed on the top of each player's head.

The next second, everyone found that they were enveloped by a small white mask.

Those masks are the sealing barrier.

Only with the power of divine consciousness can the enchantment be broken.

Next, it will be a test of breaking the seal against time.

Chapter 478 Breaking the seal quickly! Shocked the audience!

At this time, the voice of Tiandao sounded again.

[Remind the players that there is a high-level 'Holy Land Treasure Box' outside the major security areas, and the first person to walk out of the enchantment in each security area is at your fingertips. 】

[Reminder: There are only 500 high-level treasure chests, and each one is precious. Good luck to all players! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the audience was in an uproar again.

"My God! There are only 500 high-level treasure chests!"

"High-level treasure chests can open up treasures from the ninth-rank top-rank to the ninth-rank top-rank treasures, which are naturally extremely rare."

"Hey! There are three or four thousand players in a safe zone, and there are three or four thousand players in a hundred zones. It's really difficult for so many people to compete for five hundred high-level treasure chests!"

"Yeah! It is estimated that there are at most primary treasure chests in it."

"Don't talk so much, break the seal quickly! The sooner you go out, the better!"

"right!"

At the moment, everyone closed their eyes and meditated, and began to release their consciousness to break the seal.

Those players without consciousness were also trapped in the barrier and could only watch dumbly.

In the crowd, after hearing the rules, Taixu ancestor couldn't wait to break the seal.

Also at this moment, in the enchantment not far from him, the envious voice of Jinshen came.

"Brother, your luck is here! The first one to break the seal will have a chance to get a high-end treasure box. It must be yours. High-end treasure box! The entire first floor is only 500 pieces."

Jin Shen's tone was full of envy.

Old Ancestor Taixu smiled slightly: "Brother, although your spiritual sense is weaker than that of the old man, as long as your application skills are higher, you may be able to break the seal before the old man. Otherwise, you and I will have a try to see what happens. Who will break the seal first."

Jin Shen laughed loudly: "Haha! Brother, Jin has exactly this intention."

Immediately, the two of them closed their eyes and meditated, releasing the power of divine consciousness, and forcibly bombarded the sealing barrier.

This kind of enchantment cracking method is very simple and rude. It is to use the power of divine sense to forcibly bombard the enchantment, constantly consume its sealing power, and finally break the seal.

boom! boom! boom!

Immediately, there were a lot of bombardment sounds in the field!

After some spiritual attacks, the old Taixu group frowned slightly, feeling that something was wrong with 773.

At this moment, in the barrier not far away, there was the sound of Jinshen's surprise.

"Brother, the test given by Heaven's Dao is not easy! I just tested it, and with the strength of my consciousness, I don't have an hour to spend, and I can't break this seal!"

Old Ancestor Taixu also sighed: "Yes! The old man also discovered this problem. With the ability of the old man, it will take close to an hour to break the seal!"

Jin Shen sighed: "Hey! The chance for the last round is only six hours. Just breaking this seal, we will spend an hour, and there are only five hours left to search for opportunities."

Ancestor Taixu said helplessly: "This is also impossible! You and I should break the seal quickly, the sooner you go out, the better!"

"That's right!"

Immediately, the two closed their eyes and meditated, continuing to break the seal.

At this moment, there was a wailing sound in the field.

"My God! This sealing barrier is too strong! With my strong sense, I can't break the seal within two hours!"

"You need two hours. It should be the strength of the consciousness in the middle stage of the demigod! For those of us in the early stage of the demigod, it takes three or four hours to break the seal!"

"Hey! This is really frustrating! This opportunity has only been six hours. It will take me three or four hours to go out. There are only two or three hours left to search for the opportunity."

"My friend, what this old man is worried about is that if we go out three or four hours late, will all the treasures outside be looted? If so, I won't even be able to drink soup!"

"Yes! Break the seal! Hurry up to break the seal! If it's a little later, I really won't even drink the soup!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone was immediately anxious, closed their eyes one after another, and seized the time to break the seal.

At the same time, in the corner

Ji Yang raised his head slightly, looked at the enchantment seal in front of him, and smiled.

With a strength of 48,000 miles of divine consciousness, to break this barrier, fifty minutes is enough.

But fifty minutes was still too long for him.

After all, in a game at this time, he has to race against time, so he can't waste some useless time on the first assessment.

He wants to spend more time searching for treasure chests.

Thinking of this, he waved.

call out! call out! call out!

The white light flashed continuously in the field, and the three women of Jiyin and Fengxi appeared one after another.

"Owner!"