Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"dad!"

"Master, is this the barrier you want to break?"

When the three women appeared, they looked at the surrounding barrier in amazement.

The barrier is a dazzling white light curtain that cannot be seen through, so they cannot see the outside world.

In the same way, people in the square can't see what's inside.

"Well, this is the sealing barrier. Yue'er, use your time force field!"

Ji Yang's body hurriedly said something.

"Oh!"

Qi Yue instantly understood, and instantly displayed the time force field.

hum!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In just an instant, the time force field filled the entire barrier.

Seeing this scene, Feng Xi's eyes lit up.

"Master, you are really clever. With Yue'er's time and force field to help you, you can break the seal dozens of times faster than other players!"

Feng Xi sighed in admiration.

Xiao Luan'er also said happily: "Yes! One minute passed by the outside world, and ten minutes passed by us here. Dad must break the seal much faster than them!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and said: "Not much to say, the three of you hurry up and refine your Divine Essence!"

As he spoke, he closed his eyes.

In the next second, an invisible and majestic power of divine consciousness was released from him and bombarded the surrounding enchantment.

Boom!

Suddenly, the entire barrier mask trembled and roared, and the aura on it began to flicker.

The anode body has already begun to break the formation.

Neither Feng Xi nor Xiao Luan'er said anything wrong.

With the help of Qiyue's time force field, he can break the seal and get the pass in just five minutes.

This kind of efficiency, I am afraid that those False God powerhouses are not comparable.

Seeing that Ji Yang's body began to break through the formation, Feng Xi's three daughters did not delay any longer, and they took out a Divine Essence and began to refine it.

Today, time is also very precious to them.

The extremely yin body on the side has been refining the spirit with closed eyes

Ji Yang's body summoned him, naturally to share the time force field

Right now, the four avatars are besieging Xing Gu, and they won't be able to kill him for a while.

He needs to improve the strength of the four avatars and speed up the killing of Xing Gu

Boom!

In this way, Ji Yang's body released his consciousness and broke the seal with all his strength.

In the entire square, all the players were breaking the seal, and all kinds of roars continued for a while.

Even those heaven-level players who have no consciousness tried to use various attack methods to break the seal, but found that it didn't work.

Time passed by like this.

In the blink of an eye, more than forty-nine minutes had passed in the time force field, and it was only a few dozen seconds away from the expected time.

Looking at the seal enchantment around Jiyang's body, it has become extremely bleak.

At this moment, the very yin body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

He has refined more than fifty Divine Essences before and after, and his basic combat power has increased to 430,000 stars. If you count the power of foundation building, it will be 440,000 stars.

Converted to the four major points, the combat power of each clone has reached about 352,000 stars, and the strength has increased by a lot.

Among them, the Mirage clone is assisted by the Blade Against God, and its combat power has skyrocketed to 452,000 stars.

With such combat power, it won't take long for the four avatars to kill Xing Gu.

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body turned to look in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

Through the vision of the phantom avatar, he saw that Xing Gu was extremely miserable. At this moment, he was covered in blood, and his momentum plummeted.

That guy can hold on for more than ten minutes at most, and he is about to fall.

Seeing this scene, the extreme yin body was greatly relieved.

His efforts were not in vain.

click! click! click!

It was at this moment that there were cracks in the surrounding enchantment!

One after another cracks spread rapidly around!

The very negative body knows that breaking the seal is about to be completed.

He hurriedly waved his hand and took Feng Xi's three daughters into the zero-dimensional space.

Then, he also disappeared out of thin air.

Qin Feng did this because he didn't want someone to see some clues after the barrier was broken.

At the same moment, somewhere in the square.

Ancestor Taixu is doing his best to break the seal!

boom! boom! boom!

His consciousness is desperately bombarding the surrounding enchantment

"About five minutes have passed, and this old man's progress is a little faster than expected. At this speed, I may be able to break the seal in about 58 minutes."

At this moment, the ancestor Taixu muttered in his heart.

This time the progress of breaking the seal made him very satisfied.

The more he thinks about it, the happier he is!

"By the way, I don't know when Jinshen will be able to break the seal? It is estimated that he wants to break the seal within 60 minutes. That's enough. As for that Qin Feng... Hehe!"

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but look up and look in the direction of Qin Feng, the corners of his mouth slightly raised, showing schadenfreude.

Bang!

But at this moment, there was an explosion in that direction, and the whole square shook.

The audience was shocked and looked in that direction.

Through the translucent mask, they vaguely saw a figure, where was sitting cross-legged

Boom!

At this moment, the sky above the square shook!

The ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded above

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, a player from the Blue Star Realm, who successfully broke the seal and passed the Divine Consciousness Test! 】

boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, everyone was shocked, as if struck by lightning!

What? !

Qin Feng broke the seal? !

Did something go wrong? !

It's only been 5 minutes!

Many people's destruction progress has just begun, and Qin Feng broke it.

Inside the barrier, Tai Xu's ancestor was dumbfounded, his mouth wide open.

He was still gloating at the misfortune just now, secretly laughing at Qin Feng, and he succeeded in breaking the seal.

impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

How could this kid be faster than him?

Logically, it is difficult to cheat in this test!

What the **** did that kid do? It took only 5 minutes to break the seal.

You know, he is the first person with divine knowledge in Area 73!

But he only broke about 5%!

Compared with Qin Feng, this is simply the difference between clouds and mud!

His progress is competing with Qin Feng, that is, Yinghuo and Haoyue are competing for glory, humiliating themselves!

"Isn't the old man having hallucinations?"

Old Ancestor Taixu's lips trembled slightly, still unable to accept the facts in front of him.

Boom!

At this time, the air shook, and the voice of heaven sounded again

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who has obtained the first floor pass of the Holy Land! 】

hum!

Immediately afterwards, there was a clear sound of heaven and earth!

A beam of light fell from the sky and fell to the corner of the square, where Qin Feng was.

This time, everyone vaguely saw the clue through the translucent barrier.

Grandfather Taixu was also completely dumbfounded!

At the same moment, in the corner of the square.

Ji Yang's body got up with joy, looked up into the air, and saw a golden pass, slowly descending along the beam of light

In just a moment, the pass was in front of him.

I saw that all kinds of complex runes were engraved on the pass, exuding a mysterious atmosphere.

He happily grabbed the pass!

hum!

In the next second, he felt the palm of his hand warm, and the passing order lit up with a dazzling aura, which automatically merged into his palm, leaving a strange symbol.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[The integration of the pass order is completed! Congratulations, you have gained access to the first floor of the Holy Land! 】

Ha ha!

Finally finished!

Extremely positive body rejoice!

Swish!

In the next second, his figure flashed and he reached the border of the square.

Afterwards, he easily penetrated the barrier and entered the first floor of the Holy Land under the watchful eyes of the public.

There was dead silence in the field!

Everyone sat in the enchantment, staring blankly at the direction of the disappearance of Jiyang's body, unable to react for a while

Chapter 479 Infinite Fission! Harvest Feast!

After a while, everyone came to their senses.