Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

There was an uproar in the field!

"My God! Qin Feng has broken the seal!"

"It's only been 5 minutes!"

"Yeah! It's incredible! How the **** did he do it?"

"I can't figure it out, too! Strange, isn't he in the prefecture-level realm? When will the prefecture-level realm have divine consciousness?"

"Don't talk about the Earth-level realm, even the heaven-level realm has no spiritual consciousness. Unless he awakens the S-level talent and the seven consciousness awakening!"

"But even if the Seven Consciousnesses are awakened, the range of their Divine Consciousness is only a few hundred miles at best, which is not even comparable to the initial stage of a demigod. But that kid broke the sealing barrier within 5 minutes."

"Yeah! Break the seal in 5 minutes, not to mention the prefecture-level realm, even in the early stage of the False God! Unless it is the peak of the False God!"

"My God! Could that kid's consciousness be comparable to the peak of the False God?"

"This is absolutely impossible! How can a prefecture-level realm boy possess the spiritual consciousness of the peak of the False God? Speaking of which, it is difficult to say whether there is a peak of the False God in these 100 safe areas."

"Yeah! If there is a False God peak, it would also be the winner of the last competition for hegemony. It is unlikely that there will be this time! In short, I think that the boy's spiritual consciousness will never reach the False God peak. That is too unreasonable. It's gone!"

"It's weird! It's really weird! Everyone, I think that kid must have some kind of cheating method, but I can't wait to know!"

"Makes sense!"

Everyone nodded...

On the other side, Taixu Ancestor and Jin Shen also recovered.

At this moment, Jin Shen sighed: "Brother, I didn't expect that Qin Feng would break the ban in 5 minutes. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, Jin would really not believe it!"

"Cheating! It must be some kind of cheating method!"

Old Ancestor Taixu sneered, his tone full of dissatisfaction.

Then, he added: "Brother, that kid must have a lot of secrets. After we go out, we must find a way to find him. As long as we kill him, three items will be exposed. Maybe, he will be exposed. The trump card thing!"

Jin Shen's eyes lit up: "It makes sense! Brother, you and I quickly break through the formation, otherwise that kid will go far, and we will be in trouble if we try to find him again."

"Makes sense!"

"By the way, brother, the first player to walk out of the safe zone will get that high-level treasure chest, hey!"

"Damn!"

Ancestor Taixu cursed, extremely annoyed.

He originally thought that the high-level treasure chest near this safe area would definitely be his own.

I didn't expect it to be lost so quickly!

There are only 500 high-level treasure chests!

As long as you think about it, the ancestors of Taixu are in pain!

At the moment, the two stopped talking, speeding up the cracking of the seal, and not delaying.

The longer the delay, the more benefits Qin Feng will take! …

At the same moment, outside the enchantment.

Ji Yang's body looked around with joy.

The surroundings were lush and green, the trees were towering, and the aura of the weather was extremely strong, almost a hundred times that of the Blue Star Realm.

He only took a breath of air, and he felt refreshed and relaxed.

Looking at the distance, there are undulating mountains, high mountains and rivers, white clouds floating, spirit birds flying, and fierce beasts roaring. The area is very vast.

Look at the sky again, and suddenly there are three suns hanging high!

One is in the east, one is in the west, and one is in the middle.

It's a whole new world here!

In fact, on the first floor of this holy land, there are five suns, rising in the east and setting in the west, there are always three high in the sky, and there is never a night...

"It turns out that the first floor of the Holy Land is like this!"

Ji Yang's body is full of emotion.

Then, he looked back at the safe zone.

I saw the 73 good safe area, shrouded by a huge light barrier, and I couldn't see the situation inside.

Likewise, the people inside cannot see the scene outside.

Don't think about it anymore, he has to search the treasure chest quickly, time is precious!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body quickly released his divine sense and began to search for the 'Holy Land Treasure Chest'...

In just an instant, his consciousness covered a radius of 48,000 miles.

The next second, his eyes lit up, and he looked at the jungle on the left with a happy face.

Then, he rushed in that direction...

After walking thousands of feet, Jiyang body soon reached its destination and saw a small altar.

I saw a treasure chest suspended in the center of the altar, the whole body was silver, exuding nine colors of brilliance.

Ji Yang's body hurriedly looked at the treasure chest...

[Holy Land Treasure Box (Advanced): Open this treasure box, you can get 10 Holy Land Points, and get treasures from the ninth-order high-grade to the ninth-grade top-grade treasure. 】

Sure enough!

The anode body shines in both eyes!

There are only 500 high-level treasure chests, but there are 300,000 to 400,000 players vying for it.

Getting any one of them is a big gain!

At the moment, Ji Yang's body quickly walked towards the altar...

Just when he was only ten feet away from the altar, a sudden change occurred in the field!

hum!

A burst of chirping!

The altar suddenly lit up with white light!

Boom!

The next second, a monster with a height of ten feet, a single head and four arms, shaped like a human, but with cyan scales on its face and two huge fangs on its mouth, was born out of thin air from the altar.

Ji Yang's body was startled, and he quickly fixed his eyes on it...

[Evil Object]: Demon Spirit (Spirit of Holy Land)

[realm]: demigod realm

[Level]: Level 71

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Origin]: The evil spirit who guards the treasure chest.

It turns out that this is the demon spirit in the Holy Land Spirit, and it is also the guardian spirit that guards the high-level 'Holy Land Treasure Box'.

Roar!

At this moment, the demon spirit roared furiously, and the aura of the whole body exploded, suddenly reaching 500,000 stars.

This demon spirit has the strength of a mid-stage demigod!

It seems that the advanced treasure chest is not so easy to obtain!

Roar!

With another roar, the demon spirit slaughtered towards Jiyang's body.

Its eyes are full of ridicule and disdain!

A small earth-level human dares to come and grab a high-level treasure chest!

Is the quality of the players this year so bad?

It's so unbearable!

boom!

In the next second, the demon spirit will grab it with one claws!

The sharp claw tips directly grabbed the chest of the anode body.

It wants to grab the human heart and eat it slowly.

In the blink of an eye, that claw approached, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body started a seal and launched the sacrifice of faith!

hum! hum! hum!

Three white lights lit up on his body one after another, which were drawn from Feng Xi's three daughters' combat power.

In just an instant, his combat power and momentum skyrocketed to 660,000 stars, suddenly reaching the pinnacle level of a demigod, which was extremely terrifying.

call out!

At the same moment, a white light flashed in the field, and the extremely yin body was also summoned, and the momentum on his body also reached 660,000 stars.

boom! boom!FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

In the next second, the two main bodies punched at the same time and slammed into the demon spirit!

Bang!

A loud bang!

The demon spirit didn't even have time to let out a scream, and the two main bodies joined forces, and it exploded with one blow!

The blood fog is flying in the sky!

The earth trembled!

In the next second, a white light flew from the blood mist and poured into the body of Ji Yang...

[You succeeded in killing the demon spirit, obtaining +2 billion energy points, +700 million judgment points…]

[You have been promoted to Level 36 Judge Lord (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

what!

The vocation has been upgraded again!

The two main bodies showed surprises.

Even better, after the vocation was promoted from level 35 to level 36, the increase in the four-dimensional index also increased.

good! good!

It turns out that killing the guardian spirits of these treasure chests can also obtain judgment points.

For Qin Feng, this is really killing two birds with one stone, and if there is another opportunity.

click! click! click!

As soon as the demon spirit died, the altar on the side automatically disintegrated, and the protective mask protecting the treasure chest also dissipated.

Ji Yang was overjoyed and picked up the treasure chest.

The first high-level Holy Land treasure chest was just in hand.

However, there is still a layer of seal on the treasure chest, which needs to be cracked with divine sense before it can be opened.

This is also one of the obstacles set up by Heaven.