Ji Yang's body put away the treasure box and was not in a hurry to open the treasure box.

The most urgent thing right now is to hurry up and collect all kinds of treasure chests...

Thinking of this, as soon as he thought about it, he unleashed his S-level life law talent and launched infinite fission.

Suddenly, one became two, two became four, four became eight...

In the blink of an eye, he became one hundred and twenty-eight polar bodies, each of which had reached the peak of the sky.

This is also the limit of how much the anode body can fission.

After turning into 128 polar yang bodies, the scanning range of each polar yang body also fell to a thousand miles.

But when Jiyin saw this scene, he showed a happy smile.

The consciousness of a polar body is 1,000 miles, and the 128 are superimposed, which is 128,000 miles.

If you count the 48,000-mile range of divine consciousness of the extreme yin body, that's 176,000 miles.

The range of this divine consciousness exceeds that of the powerhouses in the early stage of the False God.

The range of divine consciousness in the early stage of False God is 100,000 miles.

In the middle stage of False God, it was 300,000 miles.

In fact, it is still unknown whether there is a mid-stage False God in this Holy Land.

Even if there were, there were only a handful of them, no more than three people.

As for the peak of the False God, I am afraid that there is not one.

At this thought, the two main bodies rejoiced in their hearts.

With their divine sense scanning range, they are expected to compete with the top powerhouses for a special treasure chest, or even the only god-level treasure chest.

What's more, they also have an advantage, that is, the more fission bodies, the easier it is to search for treasure chests.

Those False God powerhouses are afraid that they don't have this means, they can only look in a certain direction, and they will inevitably miss some opportunities...

Maybe, this method of his is the best search method in the Holy Land.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At the moment, the lights and shadows flashed in the field!

The 127 anode bodies spread out around the No. 73 safe area, and launched a carpet-like search...

In a blink of an eye, those 127 figures disappeared.

Only the last anode body and cathode body remain in the field.

As soon as the extreme yin body beckoned, the last extreme yang body was taken into the zero-degree space.

At this moment, he seemed to sense something, and looked in a certain direction with a look of surprise...

"I found the treasure chest so quickly! This method is really good!"

The extremely yin body suddenly laughed.

In the next second, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air...

At the same time, ten miles away from the No. 73 safe zone, in a mountain col.

A certain polar body is looking forward with joy.

I saw a small altar in the middle of the mountain.

In the center of the altar, a black treasure chest is suspended.

[Holy Land Treasure Box (Elementary): Open this treasure box, you can get 3 holy land points, and get the treasures of the quasi-ninth to ninth-level mid-level level. 】

It turned out that it was a low-level Holy Land treasure chest.

However, even if it is a low-level treasure chest, it can open ninth-order treasures, which is very precious!

However, this polar body did not come forward to take the treasure chest.

Because next to the treasure chest, there is still a holy land spirit - Jiao Ling.

Jiao Ling was an existence in the early stage of demigods, with a combat power of 300,000 stars.

And this polar body is one of the fission bodies, with only 100,000 stars left in combat power, and it is not the opponent of Jiao Ling at all.

Ow!

At this moment, a shocking dragon roar!

Jiao Ling dodged and rushed towards the polar body...

00

At this moment, his eyes were full of scorn and disdain.

It doesn't care whether the human beings in front of them are in the realm of the earth.

If you dare to violate the altar it guards, you will die!

Swish!

In the blink of an eye, Jiao Ling came to the front and grabbed it with one claws!

The sharp claws radiated a frightening cold light!

Seeing that claw is about to fall!

Mutations in the field!

boom!

A huge fist burst out of the void and directly hit the back of the Jiao Ling, blasting it on the spot, turning it into a **** fog...

In the next second, the very yin body walked out of the void.

Immediately afterwards, a white light flew from the blood mist and poured into his body...

[You succeeded in killing the Jiao Ling, and obtained +1 billion energy points and +300 million judgment points. 】

Gained a lot of energy value and judgment value again!

The very negative body showed a smile!

It turned out that he had just been summoned by the Jiyang body space.

The body of two instruments!

Space calls!

Infinite fission!

Super strong consciousness scanning range!

The superposition of these four means is Qin Feng's means of profiting in the third round of opportunities, which can be called invincible.

In this comparison, I am afraid that the middle stage powerhouse of the False God may not be able to match his depot speed.

And other people want to learn from him, but they can't.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

No one can master so many S-rank talents like him, and at the same time master the vocation of judgment.

click! click! click!

It was at this moment that the altar disintegrated automatically.

The very yin body happily stepped forward, picked up the treasure box, and sent it directly into the zero-degree space

"Hey! It's so fast! There's a new discovery!"

The cathode body once again showed a happy color.

In the next second, he disappeared out of thin air.

It turned out that there was another polar anode fission variant and a treasure chest was found

In this way, Qin Feng started an alternative harvest feast on the first floor of the Holy Land, frantically harvesting treasure chests

At the same moment, Safe Zone 3.

A young man in Chinese clothes with a halo behind his head penetrated the barrier and entered the first floor of the Holy Land.

At this moment, he was suspended in mid-air, overlooking the earth, with an arrogant expression.

He is a mid-stage False God powerhouse.

This time, it only took him 9 minutes to break the seal and obtain a pass.

You should be the first to enter the first floor of the Holy Land, right?

The young man in Huafu muttered in his heart, and his eyes were full of confidence.

Three special treasure chests!

A god-level treasure chest!

He has to get two or more.

The corners of the youth's mouth twitched slightly, and he stepped out tens of thousands of feet in one step, searching for the depths of the Holy Land.

At the same moment, Security Zone 17.

A dignified old man in purple also walked out of the safe zone.

Finally got out!

The purple clothed old man showed excitement.

He is a peak demigod powerhouse, and his consciousness is definitely not as good as the False God realm.

However, he awakened the talent of time and mastered the time force field.

Through the means of time force field, he broke out in less than ten minutes.

This is his great advantage!

Thinking of this, the old man smiled proudly and walked towards the depths of the Holy Land.

In this way, one super-powerful one after another came out of the major security areas.

The third round of competition for treasure chests gradually kicked off

Chapter 480 Xing Gu falls! The pinnacle of demigods!

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, inside the secret cultivation room.

There is also an extremely positive fission variant, which did not participate in the search for treasures.

At this moment, he sat cross-legged and took out a half-black and half-white long sword from the storage ring. It was the Samsara sword.

"It's time to refine this Samsara sword!"

The polar sun fission body muttered, and looked at the long sword in his hand with fiery eyes.

At present, the blade of the anti-god is not in his hand, and the extreme yin body still lacks a weapon.

Thinking of this, the extreme yang fission body will break the blood and blood, and refine the sword of reincarnation.

At this moment, a white light flashed beside him, and a black treasure chest appeared out of thin air.

That is a low-level Holy Land treasure chest!

The polar Yang fission variant smiled.

He knew that it was the treasure box that was stuffed into the body of the extreme yin, and he was asked to break the seal of consciousness on the treasure box and open the treasure box.

However, the polar anode fission variant was not in a hurry to break the seal.

Anyway, in this zero-degree space, the flow rate of time is ten times that of the outside world, so he can take it slow.

"Hey! This is"

At this time, the polar Yang fission body seemed to sense something again, and looked up in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

In the next second, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly and a smile appeared.

It turned out that he saw the siege of Xing Gu through the perspective of the phantom clone, and it was coming to an end.

Soon, he will be able to get the seventh heaven-suppressing fetish!