Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

After a moment of joy, the polar yang fission body retracted its gaze and landed on the Samsara sword again.

call out!

At this moment, he flashed white light again, and another black treasure chest appeared out of thin air.

The polar fission variant smiled again!

The extremely yin body has harvested the second low-level treasure chest so quickly.

The efficiency is really high!

He has to work hard too!

Thinking of this, the extreme yang fission body broke the blood and blood, dripping to the sword of reincarnation...

hum!

In the next second, the reincarnation sword's aura was released, and it was screaming!

The extreme Yang fission variant hurriedly moved the seal and started refining.

At the same time, the Blue Star Realm, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

Under the siege of the four clones, Xing Gu was already scarred and his momentum plummeted.

I saw that he was killed and retreated, roaring again and again!

And he was extremely terrified!

At the same time, he was still a little confused.

Obviously, the two sides have been fighting and never stopped, so why are the four on the opposite side getting stronger and stronger.

After a while, the combat power of the Moon Spirit clone, Ice Spirit clone, and Wood Spirit clone soared from 340,000 stars to 360,000 stars.

The combat power of the Mirage clone has skyrocketed from 440,000 stars to 460,000 stars.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

And his combat power has plummeted from 500,000 stars to 450,000 stars.

With such a change, is he still the opponent of the four avatars?

It's just that he really can't figure it out, how can the combat power of the four clones keep rising?

Damn it!

Is the deity going to fall here today?

Xing Gu roared inwardly.

He originally wanted to desperately escape back to the old nest, and then rely on the advantages of the old nest to resist the siege of the four clones.

Now, his abacus may be about to fail.

Because he is still more than half an hour away from the old nest, but he can't hold on anymore!

call out!

At this moment, the Mirage clone dodged and slaughtered.

Swish!

God-defying blade, slash down!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

The momentum is earth-shattering!

Xing Gu was terrified and raised his axe to block!

But at this moment, the three avatars of Yueling, Woodling, and Bingling came together, all facing the axe.

For a time, knife light, sword light, and hammer light rose into the sky!

when! when! when!

Three golden and iron symphony!

Sound waves sway!

Stormy waves!

Yueling three clones swayed that axe!

This time, Xing Gu can no longer resist the sword of the phantom avatar!

Swish!

The sky-penetrating sword light, slashed down!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood shot!

The phantom avatar split Xing Gu into two halves with one knife!

boom!

In the next second, Xing Gu's corpse shattered automatically, turning into a fog of blood.

hum!

Then, in the blood mist, the 'Death Armor' bloomed with aura.

The whole blood mist began to roll violently, and Xing Gu was about to be resurrected

call out! call out! call out!

At this moment, the four avatars cast their soul-killing pupils, spurting out invisible soul thorns, and bombarded the soul body hidden in the death armor.

boom! boom! boom!

Suddenly, Xing Gu's miserable roar came from the blood fog!

"Ah! Four! Stop! Stop! I admit defeat! I admit defeat!"

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

The four clones ignored it and continued to release the soul thorn attack!

The mourning of Xing Gu's soul body became even more tragic!

Speaking of which, although he is in the middle stage of a demigod, his soul body strength is a bit weaker than that of Soul Void Great Senior, and he is not good at resurrection.

The four avatars can kill even Soul Void Great Venerable, but how can they not kill him!

In just a moment, Xing Gu's soul body couldn't hold on any longer, and cried out for mercy!

"Forgive your life! Four spare your life! Xing is wrong! Wrong!"

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

The four avatars ignored it and intensified their attacks!

"Forgive your life! Ah!"

It didn't take long for Xing Gu's soul body to hold on any longer, and let out an incomparably mournful roar!

puff!

A soft sound came from the blood fog!

It's like blowing out a candle!

Xing Gu's soul body collapsed!

hum! hum!

The next second, the Death Armor and Xingtian Axe wailed at the same time, and the aura suddenly dimmed.

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into the body of the phantom mirage.

Xing Gu Dazun has fallen!

The four avatars all smiled!

Afterwards, the phantom avatar waved his hand, and took the Xingtian Axe, death armor, and storage ring into his hands.

The Moon Spirit clone also found a deed card from the blood fog!

The wood spirit clone found a broken limb and began to extract it endlessly. After a while, there was a happy look in his eyes.

He extracted another useful skill, as well as 1000 attributes.

In just a moment, the four clones cleaned up the battlefield.

The phantom avatar opened the light screen of the Heavenly Dao, and sent the Blade of God, Xingtian Axe, Death Armor, and Storage Ring to the trading channel.

call!

Finally finished!

The Mirage clone breathed a long sigh of relief, feeling particularly comfortable.

So far, seven of the strongest leaders of the top ten mysterious forces have been wiped out.

That S-class mission is more than half completed!

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone looked back at the seventeenth direction and smiled.

Just when the four of them were besieging Xing Gu, Liu Xuan and other high-level officials also led the Long Yuan army to sweep away those guardian forces.

After this period of continuous battles, the strength of each of Long Yuan's disciples has greatly increased.

Even the weakest Cao Yuan and Wei Tao completed the assessment and were promoted to the prefecture-level realm.

At this point, Long Yuan is all at the Earth-level realm, and the combat power has all broken 2000 stars.

In other words, the combat power of Long Yuan's children has all reached the first level of heaven, and it is already like a dragon.

This is something that even the children of the top ten mysterious forces cannot compare with.

In addition, some high-level officials of Long Yuan also made great progress.

Granny Feng Qi had reached the eighth level of combat power, and Liu Xuan and Elder Qishan both had the seventh level of combat power.

At this moment, the three of them each led an army of 7,000 troops to swept away those guardian forces on three sides, like destroying the dead and killing the Buddha.

Now only those mysterious forces can stop the Long Yuan army, and the others are powerless.

But five of the ten mysterious forces have been completely eliminated.

Thinking of this, Yueling clone took out the title deed card of the Xinggu clan.

With the title deed card, you can know the location of the ancient Xing clan.

In the next second, the Moon Spirit clone and the Mirage clone flew towards the Xing Gu Clan's residence.

They want to completely eradicate the ancient Xing clan...

At the same moment, the wood spirit clone took out the ten thousand spirits' land deed card.

Afterwards, he and the Bing Ling clone flew towards the Wanling clan's residence.

They should eradicate all spirits

When these two clans are completely eradicated, seven of the top ten mysterious forces will be wiped out.

Then there are the mysterious and powerful Liudao Clan, Daluo Clan, and the Dun Kong Clan, who has been seeing the dragon but not the tail.

In a word, the situation in the first division of the Blue Star Realm is developing in the favorable direction of Longyuan Town.

At the same time, inside the Holy Land.

Zero-degree space, inside the secret room of practice.

The polar yang fission variant was looking at the Samsara sword in his hand with joy.

It turned out that he had finished refining the Samsara sword.

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, he sensed that the four clones killed Xing Gu.