Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

His eyes suddenly lit up, and he happily opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the trading channel.

After a while, white light flashed in front of him, and the God-Defying Blade, Death Armor, Xingtian Axe, and Xinggu's Storage Ring appeared one after another.

The polar Yang fission variant smiled and put away the Xingtian Axe and Storage Ring.

Then, he made a seal in his hand.

hum! hum!

The Sword of Samsara and the Blade of the God-Defying God released a great deal of spiritual light at the same time, and they roared incessantly!

In the next second, the two weapons slowly merged under the control of the polar sun fission body.

In just a moment, the two weapons merged into one, fused into one. The appearance is still the same as the blade of the God-defying God, but the breath has skyrocketed.

[Blade against God: Demigod-level peak weapon]

[You need to master the law of opening the sky, the law of blood, the law of life, the law of killing, the law of destruction, and the law of soul to control this blade]

[Reminder: This blade is made from the fusion of six 'Suppressing Gods'. 】

"Hey! The pinnacle of demigods!"

The polar anode fission variant is somewhat unexpected.

He originally thought that the anti-god blade, which was integrated with the six heaven-suppressing artifacts, should be able to reach the low-level **** rank, but he did not expect that it was still the demigod rank, but it was promoted to the peak level of the demigod rank.

From this, it can be seen that the low-grade God Rank is not so easy to obtain.

Then, his heart moved, and he grabbed the handle of the knife!

hum!

God-defying blade, aura blooms!

In just an instant, he completed the integration of human and machine, and his combat power soared by 140,000 stars in one fell swoop, reaching 240,000 stars.

The extreme sun fission variant suddenly lit up with ecstasy on his face!

The anti-god's blade at the peak of the demigod rank is really powerful, and the back-feeding power has reached 140,000 stars, while the demigod can only feed back 100,000 stars.

A whole extra 40,000 stars.

Immediately, he sat cross-legged and picked up the death armor beside him.

[Death Armor: The ninth-order low-grade, transformed from the divine object. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level law of death in order to control and refine this armor. 】

This is the seventh heaven-suppressing fetish.

The extremely positive fission breaks the blood, drips into the armor, and begins to refine

Time flies!

Unconsciously, in the Holy Land, the third round of opportunities opened for half an hour.

But less than fifty people have come out of the major security zones.

The polar cathode body and 127 polar anode fission bodies, centered on the No. 73 safe area, are pushed in all directions.

Before they knew it, they pushed tens of thousands of miles around.

Wherever they went, all the treasure chests were taken into their pockets, not a single one remained.

It is like a locust, where no grass grows!

For this, none of the players in Area 73 knew.

This is definitely a tragedy for the ancestors of Taixu and others!

Because when they walked out of the safe area, they would be horrified to find that the surroundings were bare and there were no treasure chests for a long time.

3.0 Qin Feng will not leave any of them.

And Qin Feng's idea is to let them get 0 points if they don't get any treasure chest.

In that case, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue won without a fight, and could still enter the top four in the third round.

Of course, all of this is Qin Feng's initial vision.

Whether it can succeed or not depends on the situation behind it.

In short, in the past half hour, the extremely negative body and 127 extremely positive fission variants have not met any player yet.

They harvested a total of 51 low-level treasure chests and 1 high-level treasure chest, making a lot of money.

At this moment, over a jungle, the figure of the extremely yin body appeared.

At this moment, he was looking ten miles ahead.

There is a huge square in the safe area, shrouded in a white light barrier, and the situation inside cannot be seen clearly.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have approached the No. 72 safety zone. 】

"It turns out that this is the No. 72 safe zone!"

The very negative body is suddenly stunned.

It is not surprising that the number of area 72 and area 73 are connected, and they will naturally be close.

"By the way! It's been half an hour now. I wonder if there are any players coming out of Area 72? If not, there should be a high-end treasure chest nearby!"

The very yin body muttered in his heart, and at the same time scattered his consciousness to search.

The next second, he looked at the direction of the mountain three miles away with a look of surprise.

He saw that there was indeed a high-level treasure chest!

Ha ha!

The second premium treasure chest is coming!

No one came out of this No. 72 area!

Immediately, his figure flashed, and he rushed towards the col.

Chapter 481: Low Grade God Rank! Fight the God of Fire!

It didn't take long for the extremely yin body to arrive at the mountain col, and saw a high-level treasure chest floating on an altar.

Excited in his heart, he strode over.

Roar!

When he was three feet away from the altar, a demon spirit was born out of thin air, then rushed out of the altar and slaughtered him.

Boom!

In just an instant, the 500,000-star combat power of the demon spirit rolled over and instantly enveloped the very yin body.

boom!

The very yin body also instantly exudes the momentum of the whole body, suddenly reaching 660,000 stars

In the blink of an eye, the demon spirit was killed, and the sharp claws burst out!

Jiyang body punched out!

boom!

A loud bang!

The world is shaking!

The demon spirit let out a miserable roar, and was punched and vomited blood and flew out, but it didn't explode.

Last time, it was the two main bodies that joined forces to kill the demon spirit.

This flying demon spirit, the extreme yin body stepped forward, blasted the altar with one punch, and took the high-level treasure chest.

Then, he happily stuffed it into the zero-dimensional space!

Roar!

At this moment, the demon spirit roared and slaughtered again.

That momentum is stronger than the last time!

Its task is to guard the treasure chest and never die!

It must never allow this human being to leave with a treasure chest.

In the blink of an eye, the demon spirit came close.

The very negative body is about to shoot.

But at this moment, he seemed to sense something, and hurriedly made a move towards the void.

Swish!

White light flashes!

The God-defying blade appeared out of thin air!

The very negative body grabs the handle of the knife and instantly completes the unity of human and machine!

Boom!

At that moment, his momentum soared, reaching 850,000 stars in an instant, suddenly surpassing the limit of the peak of a demigod.

boom!

It was at that moment that the demon spirit came to the front again!

Swish!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The very negative body slashed down with 18 knives!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The demon spirit was split in half at once!

The mournful roar reverberated in the mountains!

Then its corpse shattered inch by inch, turned into starlight, and slowly dissipated!

The body of the extreme yin was full of surprises, and hurriedly looked down at the anti-god blade in his hand.

[Blade Against God: Low-Grade God-Order Weapon]

[You need to master the law of opening the sky, the law of blood, the law of life, the law of killing, the law of destruction, the law of soul, and the law of death to control this blade]

[Reminder: This blade is made from the fusion of seven 'Suppressing Gods'. 】

good! good!

After the fusion of the seven heaven-suppressing artifacts, they finally reached the low-level **** rank!

The power of backfeeding has reached 190,000 stars.

Very satisfied with the cathode body.

It turned out that the polar yang fission body has refined the death armor and integrated it into the blade of the anti-god

call out!

At this moment, a white light flew out of the starlight and poured into the body of the extremely yin body.

[You succeeded in killing the demon spirit, obtaining +2 billion energy points, +700 million judgment points]

Immediately afterwards, an upgraded white light lit up on him.

[You have been promoted to Level 37 Judge Lord (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】