Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

The vocation has been upgraded again!

Extremely negative body rejoices!

But at this moment, an upgraded white light lit up on him again.

【Your level has been promoted to level 45! 】

【Your strength index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 80 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 80 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 80 points! 】

【You get 40 free attributes! 】

The level has also been promoted!

The negative body smiles again

For him, this third chance is simply a treasure for upgrading!

Of course, if he hadn't had 127 polar sun fission variants and searched around for treasure chests, he wouldn't have upgraded so quickly.

Discovering the treasure chest is equivalent to discovering the treasure chest guardian spirit!

Killing those guardian spirits can provide him with a lot of energy and judgment.

Now, Qin Feng is also eager to speed up the upgrade progress.

It is precisely because of the level restriction that he has been stuck in the prefecture level before.

This time, after he broke through to the heaven level realm, he wanted to break through to the demigod realm earlier, and naturally he didn't want to be given a level to the card master.

However, it is not easy to upgrade in the Blue Star Realm.

After all, there are not that many demigod-level monsters in the Blue Star Realm.

On the first floor of the Holy Land, there are many monsters in the demigod realm, meeting his needs for rapid upgrades.

Thinking of this, the body of the extreme yin is dark and refreshed!

"Hey! This is... Haha! I found a high-level treasure chest again!"

At this time, the polar cathode body looked in another direction in surprise.

It turned out that another polar Yang fission variant rushed to the vicinity of the No. 71 safe area and found a high-level treasure chest.

It seems that none of the players in Area 71 have come out.

The very yin body smiled slightly and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, near Area 71.

A polar sun fission body is looking at the altar in front of it excitedly.

A high-level treasure chest is suspended on the altar.

However, there was still a demon spirit standing beside the altar, staring at him grimly.

Roar!

With a roar, the demon spirit rushed towards the extreme sun fission body.

call out!

But at this moment, a white light flashed, and the very yin body appeared out of thin air!

Swish!

Knife light flashed!

Click!

Blood splashes!

The very yin body slashed the demon spirit with one knife!

In the next second, a white light poured into the body of the extremely negative body.

[You succeeded in killing the demon spirit, obtaining +2 billion energy points, +700 million judgment points]

The very negative body rejoices.

With his current strength, he can easily kill the Spirit of the Holy Land at the pinnacle of the demigod level.

Judging from the current situation, the guardian spirit guarding the advanced treasure chest is the mid-term strength of the demigod, and the guardian spirit guarding the special treasure chest is the pinnacle of the demigod.

As for the guardian spirit guarding the god-level treasure chest, it should be the early stage of the False God.

The threshold of combat power in the initial stage of False God is 1.5 million stars.

With his current strength, even if he found a god-level treasure chest, he would not be able to take it.

Therefore, he has to improve his strength!

click! click! click!

At this moment, the altar in front automatically collapsed.

Seeing that the matter was resolved, the polar yang fission variant turned around and continued to search for the treasure chest.

The very yin body happily stepped forward and picked up the high-level treasure chest!

But at this moment, the enchantment of the safety zone not far away shook, and a majestic old man walked out from it.

The old man's face was like danzhu, his breath was extraordinary, and his eyebrows were full of pride.

He was the first player to come out of Area 71, and the time spent before and after was less than 40 minutes.

Just this amazing result, he is enough to look down on the heroes!

Presumably there are only about fifty people who can get out of the safe zone now!

The old man thought proudly!

After all, he is the ultimate powerhouse in the pinnacle of demigods, and no one in Area 71 can compare with him.

But the next second, the old man was stunned!

He saw someone!

A handsome young man with a noble temperament was not far in front of him, holding a silver treasure chest in his hand.

At the same moment, the very negative body was also stunned.

He also didn't expect that at this moment, a player in Area 71 walked out.

At this moment, the two looked at each other!

The atmosphere in the field was a little frozen, and it seemed that none of them expected it.

The next second, the old man's eyes showed surprise.

Prefectural realm? !

He was right!

This kid in front of him is only at the realm of earth level!

Looking at the information of this kid, he is also a player!

A prefecture-level player can actually enter the first floor of the Holy Land?

And this kid looks so unfamiliar, obviously not from their No. 71 area, could it be from another area?

This is impossible!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

How can a prefecture-level player get out of the safe zone so quickly and rush to the area where he is?

The more the old man thinks about it, the more strange it becomes!

But the next second, he saw the high-level treasure chest in the hands of the extreme yin body, and he was immediately shocked and angry!

Advanced Treasure Chest!

This high-level treasure chest that should belong to Area 71 is now in this kid's hands.

"Boy! Put down the treasure chest in your hand!"

The old man drinks hard!

He doesn't care how weird the appearance of the extreme yin body is, as long as his interests are involved, he will not let it go.

With that stern shout, the very yin body also recovered, and directly stuffed the treasure chest into the zero-degree space.

The old man is furious!

His fiery **** of fire has always been one-of-a-kind, and no one has ever dared to disobey!

Not to mention an earth-level ant!

"court death!"

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, the blazing fire **** slaughtered towards the extreme yin body.

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of the extreme yin body and slapped down with a palm.

That palm shot, with a radius of ten thousand feet, all turned into a sea of ​​​​fire, and it seemed to be able to burn everything down. The power was terrifying, and it suddenly reached 900,000 stars.

click! click! click!

The palm wind has not yet fallen, the earth is cracked, the red earth is thousands of miles away, and the temperature between heaven and earth suddenly rises.

The complexion of the extremely negative body changed slightly!

This is the first time he has played against the pinnacle of demigods!

What is even more terrifying is that this person is still the leader in the peak of the demigods.

boom!

In the blink of an eye, the palm of the sky, mixed with monstrous flames, was about to fall.

Blazing Fire God's eyes are full of fierceness!

He wants to slap this kid into powder, and then take back the high-level treasure chest.

After all, there are only 500 high-level treasure chests!

Each one is precious!

At this moment, the very negative body shot.

Swish!

I saw him raise his hand with a knife, and the golden light of the God-defying blade was released!

hum!

The law of killing! The Law of Destruction! The law of death! Open Heaven! The law of blood! Extreme Yang Law!

At that moment, the power of various offensive S-level laws was 600, superimposed on that knife!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang!

A loud bang!

The boulders fly!

The earth is cracked!

Two grunts sounded!

Both sides retreated backwards at the same time!

The extreme yin body retreated 3,000 feet, only to stabilize his body!

The Blazing God of Fire retreated three thousand and one hundred feet before he stabilized his figure!

In this round, the two sides were evenly matched.