Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

If you think about it carefully, the very negative body still has a slight advantage!

Blazing Fire God was dumbfounded, his eyes widened!

Is this guy really only at the prefecture level? !

You know, even the average demigod peak, it is difficult to catch his punch.

This prefecture-level boy is on a par with him!

At the moment, Chi Huo Shen couldn't help taking a deep breath, and his expression when he looked at the body of the extreme yin became solemn.

Weird!

How weird!

The two sides confronted each other in the field, and the atmosphere solidified!

The very yin body does not dare to be careless!

He knew that the Blazing God had not used his full strength.

After all, the Blazing God didn't even take out a weapon.

But at this moment, Chi Huo Shen let out a long breath: "Friend, you are qualified to take that treasure chest! This old man says goodbye!"

As soon as the voice fell, Chi Huo Shen turned around and left, no longer entangled with the very yin body.

Seeing this scene, the very yin body also breathed a sigh of relief.

If his expectations are not bad, the Blazing God of Fire must have weapons of the ninth rank or higher.

Weapons of the ninth rank and above can be combined with human and machine, and the combat power has greatly increased.

If the God of Fire fights him to the death, the outcome will be unpredictable!

Thinking about it too, the third chance is to search for treasure chests against time.

Chi Huo Shen is not stupid, knowing that he is not sure to solve the extreme yin body, he is naturally unwilling to spend time here.

In this case, he might as well take the time to search for the treasure chest.

Looking at the back of the blazing **** of fire, there was also a sense of urgency in the heart of the extreme yin body.

He has already met his first player, and there will be more and more players in the future, and the competition will become more and more fierce.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, the eyes of the extreme yin body lit up and looked in a certain direction in surprise.

It's a special treasure chest!

Before the next hour, one of his polar yang fission variants found a special treasure chest.

A special treasure chest!

There are only three on the first floor of the entire Holy Land!

It's so lucky!

The very yin body is overjoyed!

The next second, he dodged and disappeared out of thin air.

Chapter 482: The Limit of Demigods! Strength soars!

Deep in the first floor of the Holy Land, above a huge valley.

A polar sun fission variant, looking over the middle of the valley with excitement

I saw that in the central place, there was a huge altar with a golden holy treasure chest on it.

[Holy Land Treasure Box (Superior): Open this treasure box, you can get 100 Holy Land points, and get treasures from the demigod level to the low-level **** level. 】

After seeing this information, the polar Yang fission variant's eyes were hot.

However, he dared not approach the altar.

As soon as he gets close, the guardian spirit of the treasure chest will appear.

The guardian spirit who guards the special treasure chest definitely has the strength of the peak of the demigod, and can kill him in seconds with one palm.

After all, he is only the strength of the peak of the sky.

If he is destroyed, it will not have much impact on the strength of Ji Yang's body, but this journey will be in vain

call out!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and the extreme yin itself manifested itself.

As soon as the extreme yin body arrived, the extreme yang fission body was very happy.

But he said that as soon as the extreme yin body arrived, he looked down.

The next second, he was surprised.

It really is a special treasure chest!

Swish!

In a flash, he reached the top of the altar.

Boom!

At this moment, the altar shook and the white light of the shining sun lit up.

In the next second, a monster with a height of several dozen meters, six arms, one horn on its head, flames from its mouth, and a pitch-black body appeared out of thin air.

That is the guardian spirit of the special treasure chest!

The very negative body hurriedly looked at it

[Evil Object]: Demon King (Spirit of Holy Land)

[Boundary]: Demigod Limit

[Level]: Level 91

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Origin]: The evil spirit who guards the treasure chest.

"Hey! Demon King! Isn't it a demon?"

The very yin body couldn't help muttering in his heart.

In the second round of chance, the spirit of the Holy Land that the demigod peak dealt with was the devil.

Now the person guarding this special treasure chest is actually the Demon King, which seems to be a little different!

Looking at its realm, it is actually the limit of a demigod!

Roar!

Before the extreme yin body could think about it, the Demon King rose to the sky and slaughtered the extreme yin body.

boom! boom! boom!

In just a split second, the six fists of the Demon King slammed together!

What is frightening is that the combat power of each punch has reached 1 million stars.

Six punches!

Crashed!

click! click! click!

Wherever the fist wind passed, the void was cracked, and endless cracks were born!

The extreme yin body was horrified, and he slashed away with all his strength!

Bang!

A loud bang!

The world is shaking!

Void burst!

A black hole with a diameter of ten thousand feet exploded in the sky!

In the next second, the very Yin body groaned and flew upside down!

Not far away, the polar yang fission variant was dumbfounded!

This Demon King is too strong!

The very yin body is not his one-shot enemy!

No wonder the realm is the limit of a demigod, not the pinnacle of a demigod!

Roar!

As soon as the extremely yin body was blasted away, the Demon King was surprised, and there was a hint of contempt deep in his eyes.

With such strength, he dares to **** the super treasure chest, it is really courting death!

Swish!

In the next second, its figure flashed, and it chased and killed the extreme yin body.

However, it was said that the body of the extreme yin rolled upside down and flew thousands of feet, and it took a while to stabilize the figure.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky was shaking in front of him, and the Demon King was already chasing after him.

"Damn!"

The very yin body was greatly annoyed, and he secretly scolded Tiandao for being a chicken thief, for having arranged such a powerful guardian spirit to guard the special treasure chest.

Just relying on the strength of the Demon King, ordinary peak demigod powerhouses simply have no ability to seize the treasure chest.

Even if a strong man like Taixu ancestors would have to join forces with seven or eight, they would have the hope of defeating the Demon King and grabbing the treasure chest.

As for killing the Demon King, it would be even more difficult.

Today, there is only one person in the extreme yin body, and he is not the opponent of the Demon King at all.

Don't say it's him alone, even if you summon Ji Yang's body, you can't join forces.

It can be seen that it is almost impossible to obtain the special treasure chest alone without the strength above the initial stage of the False God.

The setting of Tiandao is to ask all the peak demigods to join forces to deal with the Demon King.

But there is only one special treasure chest!

After defeating the Demon King, those strong men will surely fight for each other and kill each other.

This is exactly what Tiandao wants to see!

Boom!

At this moment, the Demon King has already reached the front!

boom! boom! boom!

Six punches!

The Demon Sovereign once again blasted away at the very yin body...

The very yin body knows that there is no point in fighting anymore.

call out!

White light flashes!

The very negative body disappears out of thin air!

boom! boom! boom!

The six punches of the Demon King were thus shot in the air!

It was suddenly a little stunned!