Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

What about people?

That human has disappeared out of thin air!

The Demon King looked around, looking for the aura of the extremely yin body, but found nothing, so he gave up gloomily.

However, its gaze soon fell on the polar Yang fission body not far away.

This human is almost exactly the same as the previous guy.

The only difference is that one has white hair and one has black hair.

There must be a great relationship between the two.

In addition, this one with white hair has extremely weak combat power.

Swish!

With this in mind, the Demon King flashed and rushed towards the extreme sun fission body...

When the Extreme Yang Fission variant saw the Demon King coming, his expression changed greatly.

The next second, he wanted to summon through space, and then teleported to escape.

But when he thought about it, he finally found the location of the special treasure chest and ran away. Wasn't it a waste of time!

But if he didn't escape, he would definitely be killed by the Demon King!

correct!

He also has a special skill!

boom!

Thinking of this, the extreme yang fission body suddenly collapsed, turning into a white fog in the sky, and then scattered away...

In this way, he disappeared out of thin air, not even a trace of soul body breath remained!

That is the S-level soul dao talent, combined with the law of the water system, to obtain the talent skill - fog concealment.

If you don't have the talent of Soul Dao, or you haven't awakened the seventh sense, it would be difficult to discover his existence.

really!

The Demon King is stunned!

It stared blankly at the place where the polar sun fission variant disappeared, thinking that this human being also teleported away?

Or is it still hiding nearby?

The Demon King searched around again, but found nothing.

It was originally the Spirit of the Holy Land created by Heaven, and it was extremely poor in Soul Dao talent, so it was naturally difficult to find the location of the Extreme Yang Fission variant.

When it was determined that the polar Yang fission body was no longer there, the Demon King turned into a white light and re-entered the altar below.

Seeing this scene, the polar Yang fission body hidden in the dark finally breathed a sigh of relief.

His fog concealment technique is already a ninth-order skill, and it is an extremely practical invisibility technique.

However, this skill also has a major flaw.

That is, when the fog is hidden, it is impossible to fight.

However, this is enough for the polar anode fission variant.

His only task is to stay in this valley and observe everything secretly...

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

The polar Yang fission variant that was left behind was looking at the Xingtian Axe in his hand with joy.

[Xingtian Axe: Ninth-rank high-grade, weapon type. 】

At this moment, he thought about it and grabbed the handle of the axe.

hum!

In the next second, the Xingtian Axe lit up with a heavenly aura, and it was screaming!

Afterwards, the aura of the polar yang fission body and the Xingtian axe began to automatically merge...

In just an instant, the integration of human and machine is completed!

In a blink of an eye, the momentum of the polar yang fission variant skyrocketed by 40,000 stars, reaching 140,000 stars.

"Not bad! Not bad! This Xingtian Axe is worthy of being a high-rank ninth-rank weapon, and it has actually fed back a 40,000-star combat power!"

The polar sun fission variant looked at the giant axe in his hand with satisfaction!

It turned out that he had already refined the Xingtian Axe, so he could complete the integration of human and machine.

call out!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and the very yin body appeared out of thin air.

Then, as soon as the extreme yin body waved his hand, the anti-god blade in his hand flew to the extreme yang fission body...

click! click! click!

In the next second, the God-Defying Blade turned into a set of powerful golden armor, which was actively attached to Jiyang's body.

That is another form of the God-defying Blade - the God-defying battle armor!

The Blade of the God-Defying God incorporates seven heaven-suppressing divine objects, which can be transformed into seven forms.

Transforming into a battle armor is one of them!

hum!

Putting on the anti-god battle armor, the polar yang fission body instantly completed the integration of human and machine, and the combat power soared by 190,000 stars again.

So far, this polar yang fission variant has reached a 330,000-star combat power with the help of the Xingtian Axe and the Anti-God Battle Armor.

With such combat power, coupled with a variety of S-level talents and SS-level talents, he can easily kill the Jiao Ling in the early stage of the demigod.

Next, he will replace the extreme yin body and kill those Jiaolings who guard the low-level treasure chests.

As for the demon spirit guarding the high-level treasure chest, he naturally couldn't deal with it.

But high-level treasure chests are rare and won't appear for a while.

On the contrary, those low-level treasure chests were discovered from time to time.

Thinking of this, the polar yang fission body turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air...

Seeing this scene, the body of the extreme yin breathed a sigh of relief.

call!

It's time for him to make his own plans!

At present, he has a polar sun fission variant, which is guarded near the special treasure chest.

But who can guarantee that the next moment will not be discovered by others?

Therefore, he has to quickly improve his strength to reach the level that can kill the Demon King.

Now the way to quickly improve his strength is to refine the divine essence.

Thinking of this, the very yin body's thoughts moved, and it launched the S-level life talent - infinite fission!

Suddenly, he was divided into two, two became four, and four were divided into eight. In a blink of an eye, he became 128 extreme yin fission variants, which filled the cultivation room.

Afterwards, 128 extreme yin fission variants crossed their knees, each took out a drop of divine essence and swallowed it directly...

In the next second, all the extreme cathode fission variants have their eyes lit up with surprises on their faces.

Ha ha!

Really useful!

It turned out that 128 extremely yin fission variants refining Divine Essence at the same time is actually a feasible method.

In this way, the speed at which he refines Divine Essence has increased by 128 times.

Before that, he hadn't thought of this way.

It was not until he used 128 polar sun fission variants to search for treasure chests that he had an idea and felt that this method seemed feasible.

Now, after a little try, he found that it works.

In this way, the five hundred or so divine essences in Qin Feng's hands can be refined within an hour.

An hour in the zero-degree space is only 6 minutes in the outside world, which does not delay things.

When he refines all the divine essence, his strength will definitely skyrocket.

At that time, he should have the ability to kill the Demon King.

Thinking of this, 128 extreme yin fission variants closed their eyes one after another and began to refine their divine essence with all their might...

time flies!

Before you know it, five minutes passed by the outside world.

In the past five minutes, more and more super powerhouses have walked out of the safe zone...

In this way, more and more low-level treasure chests and high-level treasure chests will be discovered.

As for the special treasure chest, no one has yet found one.

According to the rules of this round of competition, if a special treasure chest is found, Tiandao will announce it in the entire competition area...

The purpose of heaven is to cause the players to kill each other!

At the same time, in the square of the No. 73 security zone, the bombardment of various enchantments continued!

Since Qin Feng walked out of Area 73, no second person has gone out so far.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At this moment, somewhere in the center of the square.

Taixu ancestor is bombarding the surrounding enchantment with all his strength.

In eight minutes at most, he can break the seal.

At this moment, in the enchantment on the side, the voice of Jinshen came.

"Brother, it's been 50 minutes since this round of competition, and it will take about 10 minutes for me to break the seal. How long will it take you?"

"Up to eight minutes!"

Jin Shen exclaimed: "Brother is still amazing! By the way, brother, Qin Feng has been out for almost 45 minutes. I wonder if he has gained a lot of holy treasure chests?"

Hearing this, Taixu's ancestor was particularly uncomfortable.

Afterwards, he sneered: "Although I don't know what means that kid relied on, he broke the seal so quickly, but after all, that kid is only at the Earth-level realm, and his strength and speed are definitely limited."

"I want the old man to see, with that kid's strength, it's not bad to be able to search for 5 treasure chests in the past 45 minutes."

Jin Shen nodded slightly: "It makes sense! Jin also feels that a person in the prefecture-level realm is limited no matter how strong he is!"

"Brother Jinshen, don't say more, I'll wait to break the seal! The sooner you break the seal, the better!"

"Exactly!"

At the moment, the two stopped talking and continued to break the seal!

They didn't know that Qin Feng took the No. 73 area as the center and pushed it horizontally for 100,000 miles in all directions.

Wherever he went, all the treasure chests fell into Qin Feng's hands.

These two guys will definitely be disappointed when they go out...

But they still thought that Qin Feng would get 5 treasure chests at most.

In fact, Qin Feng has obtained more than 70 low-level treasure chests and three high-level treasure chests, and the harvest is extremely rich...

In addition, there is a special treasure chest waiting for Qin Feng to harvest!

In a blink of an eye, another minute passed by the outside world!

In the zero-degree space, an hour finally passed.

At this moment, in the secret cultivation room.

The 128 extreme yin fission variants all opened their heads from the meditation, and their faces were full of joy.

Six minutes passed in the outside world, and an hour passed in the zero-degree space.