Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

He couldn't help but look at the Red Python Grass.

After the spiritual fruit was picked, the red python grass had withered, and the seven fan-shaped green leaves were slightly curled.

The Eye of True Sight is activated again!

【Name】: Red python grass

[Introduction]: Spirit grasses have one leaf per year, seven leaves in seven years, and a red spirit fruit in seven years, called red python fruit.

[Characteristics]: After the red python fruit is picked, the grass will automatically wither until it festers a few days later, and has no cultivation value.

what!

This kind of spirit grass is really stubborn!

Only one spiritual fruit grows in a lifetime, and after picking it, it will die.

Then this red python fruit cannot be cultivated artificially.

strangeness!

How did the red python fruit appear in that day?

By the way, it must have absorbed the essence of heaven and earth, and was born from heaven and earth.

In this way, this kind of spiritual fruit is extremely rare.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he had figured out something.

Since this spirit grass is born by absorbing the essence of heaven and earth, will it still have the essence before it completely withers and dies?

As soon as his mind moved, he reached out and stroked the spirit grass...

After a while, his palm lit up with white light.

The spirit grass quickly withered at a speed visible to the naked eye. It shrank into black withered grass in just a few seconds, slumped down, and died completely...

Qin Feng flipped the palm of his hand, but there was a small ball of emerald green spiritual liquid in the palm of his hand, exuding a faint fragrance.

【Endless extraction success! You have extracted spirit grass essence from red python grass! 】

[Spiritual Grass Essence: This essence absorbs the spiritual power of heaven and earth, and after taking it, it can improve a little physique. 】

"Hey! It really works!"

Qin Feng was delighted, opened his mouth and took a breath, and swallowed the essence of the spirit grass in his palm...

Essence entrance, mouth full of grassy fragrance.

After a while, the essence is transformed into silk energy and melts into the body, which is extremely refreshing...

[After eating the essence of spirit grass, you have gained 2 points of physical attributes. 】

[Congratulations on your combat strength assessment reaching the 2-star limit. 】

what!

The combat power has reached the limit of 2 stars!

Qin Feng couldn't wait to open the property panel.

【Name】: Qin Feng

[Level]: Level 1 (70/100)

[Strength]: 20 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 21 (speed enhancement, E level)

[Physical]: 28 (Anti-drug +100%, no talent yet)

[Energy]: 32 (supervision of vision, E grade; enhanced sense of smell, F grade)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level),

[Skill]: Eye of True Sight

[Combat evaluation]: 2 star limit

After reading the data, Qin Feng was overjoyed.

At the same time, he also found that his attribute panel had undergone some changes.

It can be seen from this that the talents of everyone are divided into several major types, the basic ones are strength, agility, physique, and energy.

Others should belong to a special category like his endless extraction.

Today, he has three of the four basic types of innate abilities, but he doesn't have any physical abilities.

However, he has an additional anti-drug +100% on his physique, which is something other people don't have.

What makes him even more delighted is that his combat power assessment has reached the limit of 2 stars, and he is only a short distance away from reaching 3 stars.

If you add various talents and abilities, his strength can definitely reach 4 stars, or even the limit of 4 stars...

Now, let him single out three or four level 1 beasts, he dares to try.

"Not bad! The harvest this time is very good! After finding another dead body of a highly poisonous nine-ringed snake, I can leave the Novice Plains and look for a new beast."

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, raised the steel knife, and was about to leave...

"Hey! This is..."

It was at this moment that he noticed some messy footprints not far away.

He walked over quickly and found that in addition to the footprints, there were also traces of the giant snake sliding, overwhelming the bushes along the way...

As soon as his heart moved, he followed the traces and pursued it...

After a quarter of an hour, he followed the traces and came to a depression near a depression, and some fighting sounds could be heard in the distance.

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he leaned on his waist and sneaked in the direction of the fight under the cover of the bushes.

Soon, he was near the fight scene and stopped.

Then, he quietly lay in the bushes, looking at the scene through the gaps in the bushes.

Seeing this, a look of joy appeared on his face.

I saw seven humans besieging a highly poisonous nine-ringed snake in the field.

He has another snake corpse to extract.

Chapter 8 Snickerdoodles! Victory by leaps and bounds!

After rejoicing, Qin Feng took another look at the situation on the field.

The human side has clearly had the upper hand.

"It was him!"

Soon, Qin Feng's eyes were attracted by a young man in the crowd.

It was a young man in his twenties, with thick eyebrows and big eyes, and he looked quite heroic.

Qin Feng knew that his name was Lei Jue, and he was awakened by the D-level talent - Lightning Control.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Only seventeen D-level talents have been awakened in the novice village, one of which is Wang Qiang, but unfortunately Wang Qiang died early, and now there are only sixteen left.

This Lei Jue is one of the sixteen people. It can be said that he is a popular figure in the novice village and is sought after by many newcomers.

What's more, Lei Jue's awakened thunder and lightning control is a stronger ability among D-level talents, and more people pursue him.

This time, he formed a team of eight and left the Novice Village.

Now there are only seven left.

Qin Feng was curious and looked in the direction of their fight.

I saw a blue electric light burst out of Lei Jue's palm, hitting a giant snake directly.

The giant snake was suddenly beaten, and his body was paralyzed for a while.

With this single blow, Lei Jue injured him quite a bit.

At this moment, the other six rushed up, and six novice knives slashed at the giant snake.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

There was a muffled crackling sound, and the scales were cut with sparks, all over the white spots.

The scales of the giant snake were extremely defensive, and no one could cut through its defenses.

But the attack of everyone also made the giant snake feel pain.

As soon as the numbness all over its body disappeared, it turned its head in anger, intending to attack the six people.

But at this moment, Lei Jue released another flash of lightning.

Kacha~!

The giant snake was hit, paralyzed, and stopped in place for a while.

Taking this opportunity, the crowd scattered.

After a while, the numbness disappeared.

The giant snake was furious, turned its head again, and rushed towards Lei Jue.

Among these humans, only the boy in front can give it fatal damage.

It has to shred the humans ahead...

hiss~! hiss~! hiss~!

I saw it raised its head high, spitting out snake letters, and charged towards Lei Jue.

Lei Jue turned and ran away.

It turned out that he could not release the lightning continuously, and every time it took more than ten seconds.

Seeing this, the other six hurried over, slashing at the back of the giant snake, causing sparks to fly and scales to fly.

The giant snake was in pain, turned back again, and wanted to attack those guys who attacked from behind.

But at this moment, Lei Jue struck another thunderbolt, hitting the giant snake, paralyzing the scene...

In this way, the seven people attacked Lei Jue as the main attack, and the other six people were restrained from the side, until the giant snake lost its temper, and its momentum continued to decline.

Seeing this, Qin Feng's heart moved, and the Eye of True Sight scanned the giant snake...

[Ferocious Beast]: Venomous Nine-ringed Snake

[Level]: Level 1

【Combat Strength Evaluation】:Samsung

[Characteristics]: brutal, bloodthirsty, highly poisonous.

[Explosion rate]: 0.1%

"Hey! This is the explosion rate!"

After reading the data, Qin Feng was surprised.

The prompt has an explosion rate, indicating that hunting beasts will explode some items.

This is a very useful information!

It's just that the explosion rate is only 0.1%, which is 1 in 1,000, and the probability is somewhat low.

It was at this moment that a change occurred in the field.

I saw an electric light slashed down, and the poisonous nine-ringed snake let out a miserable hiss, and fell to the ground weakly, and everyone rushed up and slashed wildly.

The giant snake twitched a few times, and the whole body lit up with a dazzling white light...

In the next second, the white light turned into seven beams of light ranging from laughter, pouring into everyone's body.

The white light that poured into Lei Jue's body was the largest.

After a while, there was a happy voice from the crowd.

"Haha! I got 5 energy!"

"I only got 3 energy points!"