Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In ten minutes, the test will begin.

He has to quickly open the six treasure chests to see if he can open some treasures to increase his real power.

Chapter 62 The Surprise Continues to Harvest (11 More)

After Qin Feng quit the chat channel, he took out six treasure chests from the storage ring.

Three bronze treasure chests!

Three silver treasure chests!

This is his harvest!

He happily picked up a bronze treasure chest.

[Bronze Treasure Chest: 98% chance of opening second-order items, 2% chance of opening third-order items. 】

hum~!

A burst of white light came on.

He opened the first bronze treasure chest.

In the next second, the treasure chest disappeared, and he had a pair of exquisite wrist guards in his hand. The whole body was silver, shining and very cool.

[Bronze treasure chest opened successfully! Obtain the second-order item - Dragon Elephant Bracers! 】

[Dragon Elephant Bracers (Double): Defense +20, Constitution +5, Earth Resistance +100%. 】

Defense +20, Constitution +5.

This is comparable to the effect of adding 25 attribute points!

good! good!

It can be seen that a piece of second-order equipment can bring a great improvement in strength.

This is also the care of heaven for human beings.

Even though the initial strength of human beings is very weak, human talent awakens early and can wear equipment.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In the later stage, the human beings can narrow the gap with the beasts.

It can even rely on equipment to overwhelm beasts of the same rank.

At the moment, Qin Feng gladly put on the wrist guards, one on each of his left and right arms.

Suddenly, a strange energy came from the wristband, which improved his physique.

His overall strength has improved a bit!

It feels so comfortable!

After rejoicing, Qin Feng opened the second bronze treasure chest.

A burst of white light lit up, and the treasure chest disappeared.

He has an exquisite bracelet in his hand, the whole body is silver and carved with elephant patterns.

[Bronze treasure chest opened successfully! Get 637 second-order items - Dragon Elephant Bracelet! 】

[Dragon Elephant Bracelet: Strength +30. 】

Fuck it~!

Strength +30!

It is equivalent to an increase of 30 strength attribute points.

This piece of equipment is more powerful than Dragon Elephant Bracers!

It is considered to be the best among the second-order items.

good! good!

Qin Feng quickly put on the dragon elephant bracelet, and the white light suddenly lit up, and a majestic energy came from the bracelet and rushed to his whole body...

Cool!

The strength has increased again!

Immediately afterwards, the third bronze treasure chest was opened.

[Bronze treasure chest opened successfully! Get the second-order item - Giant's Ring! 】

[Giant Ring: Strength +25, Earth Resistance +100%. 】

This one is also good!

It should have been exploded by the mutant stone giant. Although its strength is a little weaker, it has an extra soil resistance!

He quickly put it on, and energy came from the ring.

In just a moment, his strength increased again.

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Then, his eyes fell on the three silver treasure chests.

That's the real gain!

[Silver Treasure Chest: 98% probability of opening third-order items, 2% probability of opening fourth-order items. 】

Om~!

White light on!

A silver treasure chest disappeared.

In the next second, Qin Feng had an extremely beautiful helmet in his hands.

【The silver treasure chest has been opened successfully! Get the third-order item-Dragon Elephant Helmet! 】

[Dragon Elephant Helmet: Defense +70, Constitution +5, Earth Resistance +100%. 】

good! good!

Finally got a helmet gear!

Still Tier 3!

cool!

The head is a human weakness and must be protected!

Besides, this helmet is silver in its entirety, engraved with divine lines, and covers the face and cheeks. Even the eyes are protected by two brown chips.

It can be described as a 360-degree defense without dead ends!

At the moment, Qin Feng happily put on the battle helmet.

Suddenly, he was armed from top to bottom, it could be said that he was armed to the teeth.

His strength also skyrocketed a lot, which made him feel uneasy.

Next, is the second silver treasure chest!

【The silver treasure chest has been opened successfully! Obtain the fourth-order item - Dragon Elephant King Armor! 】

[Dragon Elephant King Armor: Defense +110, Constitution +10, Earth resistance +100%. 】

Fuck it~!

Tier 4!

Tier four!

A fourth-order item with a 2% chance of being released!

He finally got it out!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The Dragon Elephant King's armor is silver throughout, with divine patterns all over it, and it is extremely exquisite. It is much more imposing than the Bear King's armor, and it is not comparable at all.

At the moment, Qin Feng took off the Bear King armor and put on the Dragon Elephant King armor.

Suddenly, his temperament changed greatly, and his strength skyrocketed.

At this moment, the Dragon Elephant King Armor, the Dragon Elephant Battle Helmet, the Dragon Elephant Bracers, and the Dragon Elephant Bracelet shone with silver light in the sunlight, as if there was aura flowing.

A breeze blows!

The grass is rolling!

Qin Feng stands in the wind, like a silver armored **** of war, handsome and compelling!

However, it's not over yet.

There is also a silver treasure chest that has not been opened.

Now, he goes on...

Om~!

The white light lit up and the treasure chest disappeared.

【The silver treasure chest has been opened successfully! Obtain the fourth-order item - Fire Spirit Liquid! 】

[Fire Spirit Liquid: Heaven and earth spirits, only people with fire talent can swallow and use it. After swallowing, there is a certain chance to improve the fire talent and increase the corresponding strength. 】

[Reminder: This spiritual liquid enhances talents, only fire talents below B-level. 】

what!

Fuck it~!

Tier 4!

Tier 4 again!

Ha ha!

2% chance of opening!

He actually opened four Tier 4 items twice in a row!

This is so lucky!

Cool!

It's so cool!

In the next second, Qin Feng swallowed the drop of fiery red spiritual liquid directly...

Boom~!

When the spiritual liquid enters his throat, it turns into majestic energy, which quickly washes through his whole body and penetrates into every cell of his...

Suddenly, his whole body blood boiled, from the inside to the outside, from the bone marrow to the skin, if it was burned by the flames, the pain would be unbearable!

That is the fire spirit liquid transforming his physique!

In just a moment, those pains disappeared, and an extremely pleasant feeling rose from the bottom of my heart and spread throughout the body...

【The transformation of fire spirit liquid was successful! Your physique +10! 】

【The transformation of fire spirit liquid was successful! Your fire resistance increases by +100%! 】

【The transformation of fire spirit liquid was successful! Your fire talent has evolved to a C-level talent - the true meaning of fire! 】

It worked!

It really worked!

Finally, there is a talent that reaches C rank!

C-level talent is extremely rare!

Of the 1,000 people in the entire 911 village, Liu Xuan alone had an innate sense of this level of talent.

Qin Feng relies on endless extraction to obtain a variety of talents, but none of them reach the C level.

Now, he finally has a talent that reaches C rank!

[Reminder: It is detected that your fire talent reaches C rank, and the power of the fire you release is doubled]