In this hour, they refined more than 500 Divine Essences.

At this time, 128 polar cathode fission variants got up one after another.

In the next second, all merge into one!

The extreme yin itself manifested itself, and its combat power and momentum suddenly reached 610,000 stars, just reaching the threshold of the pinnacle of demigods.

The range of combat power of the demigod peak is 600,000 to 800,000 stars.

Afterwards, the very yin body picked up a seal and launched the sacrifice of faith.

hum! hum! hum!

I saw white light flashing on his body, his momentum skyrocketed, and he reached 850,000 stars in a blink of an eye.

Extremely negative body is immediately gratified!

It seems that the strength has been increasing, but it is not only him, but also Feng Xi's three daughters.

Before, the combat power of Feng Xi and the three girls back together was about 220,000 stars, but now it has been raised to 240,000 stars.

So far, his comprehensive combat power has reached 850,000 stars.

These forces are not enough!

The extreme yin body waved again, and a polar yang fission body appeared out of thin air.

It was the polar yang fission variant that went out to perform the mission.

The next second, the extreme yin body took the Xingtian Axe and the Anti-God Battle Armor from it.

click! click! click!

hum! hum!

In just a split second, the extreme yin body held a giant axe, put on the anti-god armor, and completed the integration of human and machine.

Its combat power also skyrocketed to 1.08 million stars in one fell swoop!

"1.08 million! It should be able to kill that Demon King!"

The very negative body looked at itself with satisfaction.

In the next second, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Chapter Four Hundred and Eighty-Three Beheading the Demon Emperor, another uninvited visitor!

After the extreme yin body left, the extreme yang fission body looked at the house full of holy treasure chests and smiled.

There are a total of seventy-nine primary treasure chests and three advanced treasure chests. I wonder what treasures can be opened?

Having said that, Qin Feng's resources that can improve his strength are basically exhausted, and there is not even a single Divine Essence left.

Next, he needs to acquire new resources to supplement himself.

What's more, the third round of chance is not just to get the treasure chest, but also need to crack the seal on the treasure chest and open the treasure chest.

Only by doing so will the player earn points.

Thinking of this, the polar yang fission variant quickly picked up a primary treasure chest and studied it.

After a moment, he smiled.

The seal of consciousness on the low-level treasure chest is not strong, and he can crack it in five minutes at most.

Converted to outside time, that is only half a minute.

In fact, the way of heaven is set up like this, just trying to waste the players' time.

Let the players not only look for the treasure chest, but also spend a lot of time to break the seal on the treasure chest.

But such a setting has no effect on Qin Feng.

He has countless fission bodies, and he has a time force field to assist him, which does not delay his progress in searching for treasure chests.

In short, such competition rules are extremely beneficial to Qin Feng, but not friendly to other players.

Just do it when you think of it, the polar yang fission variant hurriedly sat cross-legged, and then released her divine sense to attack the seal on the treasure chest...

boom! boom! boom!

Rounds of divine consciousness, frantically bombarding the seal on the treasure chest...

click! click! click!

In just a moment, the seal on the treasure chest began to crack!

Click!

The last crisp sound, the seal was broken, and the treasure chest burst into a dazzling light!

The polar fission variant was delighted and quickly opened the treasure chest...

[Open Holy Land Treasure Box (Elementary) successfully! You have obtained +3 points, 5 Holy Land Divine Essence (quasi-ninth order)]

Five Divine Essences!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

not bad!

The polar anode fission variant is satisfied and put away, and continues to crack the second treasure chest...

click! click! click!

Click!

[Open Holy Land Treasure Box (Elementary) successfully! You got +3 points, 1 Divine Bone Pill (Ninth-Order Middle Grade)]

good! good!

This time, I got a ninth-rank middle-grade treasure!

The value is at least 20 Divine Yuan!

The polar anode fission variant is overjoyed...

The primary treasure chest can open treasures from the quasi-ninth to the ninth-rank middle grade.

The ninth-rank middle grade is the highest grade.

And the best treasure of the ninth-rank middle-rank, 960 is the ninth-rank middle-rank weapon.

Usually a ninth-rank mid-grade weapon can increase the combat power of 20,000 stars.

However, the probability that this can be opened is extremely low, and everything depends on luck.

In fact, the polar anode fission variant is already very satisfied.

Immediately, he put away the God Bone Pill and picked up the third treasure chest in a happy mood...

In this way, this polar yang fission variant stayed in the zero-degree sky, opening the treasure chests one by one, enjoying the joy of harvest...

Even though he opened two treasure chests in a row, only a minute passed by the outside world.

At this moment, over that mysterious valley.

The extremely yin body is wearing a phantom **** battle armor, holding a punishment axe, proudly standing in the air, overlooking the special treasure chest below.

The polar sun fission body that had been hidden all along also reappeared, standing behind him...

"It's time to act!"

The very yin body took a deep breath and looked a little nervous.

What he was worried about was not the Demon King, but the huge movement he made during the battle with the Demon King, which might attract other players.

Right now, the third round of chance competition has not passed an hour.

Those who can walk out of the safe zone in such a short time are the powerhouses among the powerhouses!

Therefore, he must fight quickly!

Thinking of this, his figure flashed, and he rushed towards the altar below...

Boom!

His move was a shocking move!

In the blink of an eye, he was above the altar!

Roar!

A shocking roar!

The Demon Sovereign appeared as promised, rose into the sky, and greeted the very yin body!

damn it!

It's the same human from before!

This defeated general is about to make a comeback!

Really looking for death!

Demon King's eyes showed disdain, and he immediately shot!

boom! boom! boom!

All six giant fists blasted away!

click! click! click!

Wherever the fist wind passes, the void is cracked inch by inch!

Within a radius of ten thousand feet, all laws and order are in chaos!

That aura was terrifying!

Just like that mighty, rolling towards the very yin body!

Swish!

Axe flashes!

The giant axe soars into the sky!

The very yin body also took action, slashing wildly with an axe, facing the attack of the Demon King!

hum!

At that moment, the axe light lit up!

Extreme Yang Law! The Law of Destruction! The law of killing! The law of blood! The law of death! …

The power of layers of laws is superimposed!

The power of that axe has reached the extreme, and its momentum will destroy the world!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom!

A loud bang!

The whole world is shaking!

The next second, the Demon King groaned and was slashed by an axe and flew thousands of feet away!

Extremely negative body rejoice!

Swish!

The next second, he dodged and chased after the Demon King.

While you are sick! kill you!

How could he miss such an opportunity!

Roar!

Soon, the Demon King stabilized his figure and roared furiously!

It never expected that in the past few minutes, the strength of the human on the opposite side has skyrocketed.

The difference in strength between the two sides has actually come a big reversal, but it has become weaker!

how can that be? !