Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The Demon King looked at the extremely yin body in disbelief!

It really can't figure out what's going on?

What the **** is going on here? !

Boom!

But without waiting for it to think about it, the extreme yin body was killed again, and an axe slashed down!

click!

Hit that axe!

Ten thousand feet of void, all cracked!

The axe style, smashing the sky and destroying the earth!

The Demon Emperor hurriedly punched to resist.

But at this moment, the eyes of the extreme yin body lit up with a dazzling silver light!

Soul Extinguishing Eye instantly activated!

call out!

An invisible soul thorn fiercely bombarded the Demon King!

boom!

Soul thorn hit!

The Demon King groaned, his eyes were confused for a while, and he was a little lost.

Extreme yin body ecstasy!

Ha ha!

Everything is as he expected, the Demon King is indeed strong, but it is after all a temporary creation of heaven, and its weak soul is its biggest weakness.

From the fact that the Demon King couldn't find the extreme yang fission variant, the extreme yin body could see the clue.

At this moment, when he tried it, it really did!

Swish!

Heavenly Axe Light!

Slash down!

It was at this moment that the Demon King calmed down and saw the axe light in the sky, filling its sight.

It suddenly panicked and hurriedly punched to resist.

It's just that it's all in a hurry, and it's too late to exert its full force!

boom!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The Demon King screamed and was blown away!

A magic arm was cut off, rolled down from the air, and then shattered every inch, turning into a blood mist and dissipating...

Roar!

The Demon King roared in pain!

Damn human!

Discovering its weakness so quickly!

Then sneak attack it with a soul attack, so that it can't defend well.

It's not so easy to beat, though!

As soon as he stabilized his body, a white light lit up at the broken arm of the Demon King!

It began to cast a secret technique, wanting to 'reborn from a severed limb'.

But in the next second, an ugly look appeared on its face.

The wound was filled with the power of the tyrannical law of death, completely restraining its secret rebirth technique, preventing it from growing new arms.

Roar!

The Demon King was trembling with anger!

Damn human!

He actually mastered the rare law of death!

As a result, it has no way to regenerate a new arm.

And lose an arm, its strength will drop a lot.

Boom!

Without waiting for it to think about it, the extreme yin body came slaughtered again, and slashed down with an axe!

The Demon King was helpless, so he had to bite the bullet and fight!

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

This fight between the two sides will kill the sky and the earth, the sun and the moon have no light, and the sky and the earth will be brilliant!

The extremely yin body naturally has the upper hand, pressing down on the demon emperor to slash with ferocity!

However, the Demon Sovereign knew that the extremely yin body had mastered the Soul Extinguishing Eye, and he had taken some precautions.

For a time, although the extreme yin body had the upper hand, it was not able to hit it again.

This is not the result that the polar shadow body wants!

What the extreme yin body wants is a quick battle!

Lest the battle here attracts other powerhouses...

At this moment, the polar sun fission variant who had been watching the battle, flashed, and rushed towards the altar.

Since the Demon King has been entangled in the body of the extreme yin, he will take the opportunity to break through the formation and grab the special treasure chest first.

Winning the treasure chest is more important than killing the Demon King!

At that time, even if other players arrive, they will be in vain!

boom! boom! boom!

As soon as it arrived at the altar, the polar sun fission body bombarded the altar mask frantically!

Roar!

Seeing this, the Demon King yelled in a hurry!

Its task is to protect the treasure chest!

Right now, another human is thinking about picking up leaks, how can it be tolerated.

call out!

Taking advantage of the Demon King's brief distraction, the extreme yin body once again used the Soul Extinguishing Pupil attack and hit the Demon King again!

Swish!

In the next second, the axe flashed!

Click!

Blood splashes!Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The Demon King roared again, and his arm was cut off again, and his momentum dropped again.

Its spiritual intelligence is not high, and it was distracted by the polar yang fission body, so it was recruited.

Extreme yin body ecstasy!

In such a short time, the Demon King was injured again and again, and his momentum has dropped a lot.

He hurriedly flashed his figure, chasing after the victory!

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

Immediately, the extreme yin body had the upper hand, killing the demon emperor and retreating, screaming again and again!

At the same time, the polar sun fission variant was also frantically attacking the altar mask.

Under his mad bombardment, the light of the protective mask gradually dimmed, and the power of protection was consumed bit by bit...

In this way, the field was divided into two battles.

One is that the extreme yin body is madly attacking the Demon King!

One is that the polar sun fission body is attacking the altar!

The earth-shattering sound of bombardment and explosions naturally spread around and spread to thousands of miles, and even the heavens and the earth were shaking.

Such a huge movement, it is difficult not to attract people's attention!

This is exactly what Qin Feng is worried about!

For this reason, the extreme yin body attacked desperately, speeding up the intensity, just wanting a quick solution!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, six or seven minutes passed!

It's been almost an hour since the third round of opportunity!

The number of strong people who have walked out of the safe zone has exceeded 100!

At this moment, in the mysterious valley, the battle finally progressed!

click! click! click!

Click!

Just hear a crunch!

The protective mask of the altar finally couldn't support it, and it was smashed by the extreme sun fission body!

The golden super treasure chest was exposed in front of him.

He was overjoyed, and hurried forward, about to put away the treasure chest...

Click!

Blood splashes!

At this moment, a shrill scream rang out from behind him!

The Demon King was also split in half by the extreme yin body with an axe!

The huge demon body began to shatter inch by inch, turning into a sky full of stars, dissipating all around...

Another dazzling white light flew out from the starlight and poured into the body of the extreme yin...

[You succeeded in killing the Demon King, and gained +10 billion energy points, +5 billion judgment points...]

call!

Finally killed it!

The very negative body breathed a long sigh of relief.

At this moment, an upgraded white light lit up on him...

[You have been promoted to Level 39 Judge Lord (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】