Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

The vocation is upgraded again!

【Your level has been promoted to level 46! 】

【Your strength index increases by 200 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 200 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 200 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 200 points! 】

【You get 100 free attributes! 】

The very negative body smiled again.

After killing the Demon Queen, his vocation and rank have been raised by one level!

He also found that after the level was promoted to level 46, the increase in the four-dimensional index also increased.

Of course, the biggest gain from killing the Demon King this time is to get that special treasure chest.

Thinking of this, the very yin body looked towards the altar

I saw the polar yang fission variant, and his face was full of joy.

He also sensed the increase in vocation and level.

Having said that, Qin Feng's strength has been continuously improved, which has greatly improved the strength of all the polar yang fission variants.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

After a moment of joy, the polar yang fission variant reached out to pick up the treasure chest

Swish! Swish! Swish!

But at this moment, there was a rapid air breaking sound outside the valley, rushing towards the valley!

Sure enough, some strong people were shocked!

The extremely negative body and the extremely positive fission body all changed slightly.

The next second, the extreme sun fission body grabbed the treasure box and held it in his arms

Swish!

At the same moment, Taniguchi flashed light and shadow, and a powerful figure came in!

"Premium Treasure Chest!"

The figure who came in saw the treasure box that the polar sun fission body was carrying at a glance, and instantly showed a greedy color.

But without waiting for him to think about it, the extreme sun fission body hugged the treasure chest and disappeared out of thin air.

The figure was suddenly stunned!

He quickly spread out his consciousness to search around!

But in a radius of tens of thousands of miles, there was no shadow of the polar yang fission body at all, and he found nothing.

The figure was stunned again!

Then, he slowly raised his head and looked at the extremely yin body in the air.

At this moment, in the entire valley, only the two of them

Chapter 484: Back in Time! Law Showdown!

Suddenly, the two of them looked at each other!

The body of the extreme yin was clearly seen, and the person who came was a cold and severe man.

His face looked like he was in his thirties, but he had white hair, and the expression between his brows was very arrogant, and his realm was at the peak of a demigod.

As soon as he saw that it was the peak of the demigod, the extreme yin body was secretly relieved. Fortunately, it was not a strong person in the virtual **** realm.

If it is a strong person in the False God realm, he has no choice but to escape immediately!

At the same time, the man was also looking at the very negative body.

In the next second, a look of astonishment appeared in his eyes!

Prefectural realm? !

He was right!

The man didn't believe it, and after looking at it carefully several times, he was sure that the extreme yin body was really the realm of the earth.

This filled him with doubts.

However, he was not in the mood to think about it.

He is more concerned about the special treasure chest!

The man was a little anxious when he thought of the special treasure chest.

It was a great opportunity that disappeared from his eyes and he was annoyed just thinking about it.

"Boy! What happened to that guy just now? What's his origin?"

The man asked proudly, his tone unquestionable.

Thinking that his turbid yin **** is a peak powerhouse of a demigod, naturally he would not be polite to a small prefecture-level realm.

In fact, the polar sun fission body escaped too fast, and he did not see the appearance of the polar sun fission body.

Otherwise, he should have discovered long ago that the person who escaped looked exactly the same as the yin body in front of him, but the hair color was different.

Faced with the question of the turbid yin god, the very yin body narrowed his eyes slightly and was too lazy to answer.

This guy is so funny!

As soon as they met, they commanded him, as if they were his subordinates.

Seeing the appearance of Jiyin's body being ignorant to him, the turbid yin **** was instantly furious.

When did the prefecture-level realm dare to be so arrogant?

If it was in their star realm, an ant like this earth-level realm would not even have the qualifications to see him!

It would be a great honor to be able to say a word to him!

This kid really doesn't know what to do!

what! That is?

Suddenly, the gaze of the turbid yin **** fell on the Xingtian axe in the hands of the extreme yin body, and his eyes suddenly lit up.

This axe comes with nine brilliance!

At this time, the symbol of the ninth-order weapon!

The ninth-order weapon is extremely valuable, I am afraid it is more precious than the high-level treasure chest in his hand!

Thinking of this, the **** of turbid Yin was excited.

But in the next second, he saw the anti-god armor on the body of the extreme yin, and his eyes widened!

Oh my God!

Eleven rays of brilliance!

Sublime artifact!

This is actually an inferior artifact!

It turned out that the ninth-rank weapon comes with nine brilliance, the half-rank artifact comes with ten brilliance, and the low-grade artifact is eleven!

good guy!

A mere prefecture-level kid actually owns two treasures, which is really a waste of time.

Such a treasure, only a strong man like him deserves it!

For a while, the eyes of the turbid yin **** showed greed, and the eyes looking at the body of the extreme yin were extremely fiery.

As for the special treasure chest, he didn't care anymore.

A special treasure chest that can open treasures from the demigod level to the low-level **** level.

The treasures that can be opened are not necessarily weapons and equipment!

Even a ninth-rank top-grade weapon is worth as much as an ordinary demigod-rank treasure.

Right now, this earth-level kid has a ninth-level weapon and a low-level god-level armor in his hands, which are far more valuable than a super treasure chest.

If he kills this kid and can explode the armor and weapons, then he will make a lot of money!

Thinking of this, Zhuoyin Shen couldn't help swallowing his saliva!

"Boy! Are you deaf? Why didn't you answer when the deity asked you?"

The **** of turbid Yin began to deliberately find fault!

The very negative body frowned slightly.

"Damn little thief! How dare you disrespect this deity! Courting death!"

boom!

Before waiting for the extremely yin body to reply, the turbid yin **** just made an excuse and slaughtered at the extremely yin body.

He wants to destroy this kid in the shortest possible time and reveal the treasure on his body!

In his eyes, the extreme yin body is a big moving treasure house!

Boom!

A burst of vitality rolled, and the world roared!

In the blink of an eye, the turbid yin **** came to the front, and slammed into the face of the extreme yin body with one punch!

His eyes are full of coursing and smug!

Such a big fat sheep was met by himself!

Your luck is so good!

This punch will definitely kill him to scum!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

boom!

click! click! click!

That Qingtian punched down!

Above his fist, he suddenly wore a glove.

At this moment, the fist wind is swaying, making the sky tremble!

The momentum of that punch suddenly reached 760,000 stars, a proper demigod peak level.

Only 760,000 stars?

The very yin body frowned slightly!

He feels a little weak!

With such combat power, it is not as good as Taixu ancestors and Jinshen, why can they come out of the safe zone so quickly?

Having said that, Taixu ancestor and Jinshen should be out soon!

As for the idea of ​​the very yin body, the turbid yin **** naturally does not know.

At this moment, there is only endless greed in his eyes!

It was at this moment that the extreme yin body shot!

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of axe light, soaring into the sky!