Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The very yin body slashed at the turbid yin **** with an axe, and greeted that punch!

boom!

A loud bang!

Snapped!

The glove on the hand of the God of Cloudy Yin was instantly shattered!

He screamed even more, and he was slashed by an axe and vomited blood and flew out!

In the blink of an eye, he rolled and flew tens of thousands of feet before he stabilized his body.

In the next second, he raised his head in horror and looked at the very yin body in disbelief!

He was hit hard with an axe by an earth-level boy!

How could this be?

This kid is obviously only at the ground level, why is his attack power so strong?

It is difficult for the turbid Yinshen to accept the facts in front of him!

At this time, he experienced severe pain in his right hand!

The **** of turbid Yin hurriedly looked down and saw that the glove was broken and blood was flowing on the back of his hand!

damn it!

This is an eighth-order piece of equipment!

So ruined by this kid!

The turbid Yin God is extremely distressed!

Boom!

Right at this moment, the vitality in front of you rolled, and the sky was shaking!

The turbid yin **** raised his head quickly, and saw that the extreme yin body took the initiative to kill him.

His face suddenly changed slightly.

In the next second, he was furious!

This little thief is really deceiving!

Do you really think that you are afraid of his earth-level realm?

Thinking of this, his whole body lit up with white light, wanting to heal and recover.

But in the next second, his eyes were horrified, and his face became a little ugly.

This little thief's attack was actually mixed with the power of the law of death, restraining his recovery.

As a result, his previous injury could not be recovered, and his combat power had dropped to 730,000 stars.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Boom!

At the same time, the very negative body is almost dead!

The turbid yin **** is shocked and angry!

Does this little thief really think he has eaten himself?

Then let him see his trump card!

Swish!

The turbid Yin God waved his hand, and with a flash of white light in his hand, there was an extra black long sword with nine halos on it.

After that, the God of Cloudy Yin grabbed the hilt of the sword!

hum!

The long sword suddenly shines brightly!

In the next second, he completed the integration of human and machine, and his combat power soared to 70,000 stars in an instant, rising to 800,000 stars, just reaching the limit of the peak of a demigod.

"Hey! The 10,000-star combat power has increased by 70!"

The eyes of the extremely negative body lit up.

It can feed back 70,000-star combat power, indicating that the black long sword is a ninth-order superb weapon.

The ninth-order superb weapon!

The value is comparable to a demigod treasure!

And according to the players he killed before, if the weapon was beheaded in his hand, it would often be exploded.

Thinking of this, the very yin body shines in two ways, and my heart is hot!

He was going to kill this turbid Yin God and burst out his ninth-order long sword.

In the blink of an eye, he was right in front of the turbid Yin God!

Swish!

Axe flashes!

The extreme yin body slashed down with an axe!

The axe's momentum is inexhaustible, and it contains the power of layers of S-level laws, which can split everything, and it is extremely terrifying!

It was at this moment that the **** of turbid Yin made his move!

hum!

I saw him stab with a sword!

A sword cry!

Earthquakes!

In the next second, a strange power of law radiated from the turbid Yin God.

In just an instant, there was a strange change in the radius of a hundred miles!

All wind! All sound! Everyone! All the laws of heaven and earth!

Stopped at that moment!

It's absolutely still!

Even the very negative body was fixed in place, unable to move!

As if time stood still!

In fact, this is the secret technique of the turbid yin **** - time stands still!

He can make everything in a radius of a hundred miles stand still for 1 second at this moment.

And he wasn't affected at all.

In just this second, on a super expert like him, he can attack the target dozens of times.

Ha ha!

This kid got hit!

At this moment, the eyes of the turbid Yin God revealed ecstasy!

His 'time stands still', no one has yet been able to decipher it!

Swish!

The sword light flashed!

Just within a second of this time ban!

The turbid yin **** stabbed the throat of the extreme yin body with a sword.

He wants to get rid of this little thief!

Time is stopped!

But the thoughts of the very yin body have not stopped!

He could clearly see that the sharp sword tip pierced his throat, but he couldn't avoid it.

At this moment, he finally understood why the turbid Yin God's combat power was not the top, but he was able to walk out of the safe zone so quickly.

It turns out that this guy has mastered the rare law of time!

laugh!

Sword wind strikes!

Seeing that sword, it was about to penetrate the throat of the extreme yin body, and he died on the spot.

00

It was at this moment that the mind of the extreme yin body moved and cast a space call.

The stillness of time can stop everything, but it cannot stop people's thoughts.

call out!

Suddenly, a white light flashed behind the turbid yin god, and a polar yang fission body appeared out of thin air, which was summoned by the extreme yin body.

The turbid Yinshen was startled, and felt that there seemed to be another person behind him!

However, he couldn't handle that much anymore.

At this moment, he just wanted to stab the extremely yin body in front of him!

What's more, any person or thing that is summoned will be forcibly stopped as long as it enters his time stop force field.

laugh!

That sword continued to stab in the past!

It is about to penetrate the throat of the polar body!

But at this moment, the extreme negative body turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

The turbid yin **** suddenly stabbed the sky with a sword!

At the same moment, the extreme yin body appeared beside the extreme yang fission body, that is, behind the turbid yin god.

At this moment, time stopped.

Swish!

The extreme yin body slashed down with an axe!

The turbid Yin Shen suddenly felt bad, but it was too late for him to avoid it.

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The extreme yin body split him in half with an axe!

The shrill screams echoed over the valley!

"Ah! Little thief! You wait for the deity! I will come back for revenge!"

Angry wailing!

Can't go away for a long time!

The corpse of the **** of turbid yin was shattered inch by inch, and it began to turn into starlight and scattered away!

He went to the safe zone to be resurrected!

The very yin body also knows that this deadly feud is forged.

This guy will definitely be back for revenge!

In this way, the extreme yin body used the law of space to break the law of time of the turbid yin god, and won a big victory.

When the starlight dissipated, three treasures were left in the field!

The same is a ninth-rank low-grade Divine Soul Pill, the same is a high-level Holy Land Treasure Chest, and the same is the ninth-rank top-grade black long sword.