Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The very yin body came forward with joy and put away those treasures.

So far, there are 4 high-level treasure chests in his hands.

Then, he looked at the black long sword.

[Backtracking Sword: The ninth-order best, time-based weapon. 】

[Reminder: You need to master the law of time to refine this sword]

good! good!

Backtrack Sword!

It's literally going back in time!

It really is a ninth-order superb weapon!

The value of this weapon alone is not much worse than that of the super treasure chest.

Of course, if he was lucky, when he opened the special treasure chest, he opened a low-grade artifact.

That value is dozens of times that of this retrospective sword.

In short, the cathode body is very satisfactory.

This is an unexpected gain!

Immediately, he put away the retrospective sword

Chapter 485 Amazing harvest! Make a lot of money!

At the same moment, Safe Zone 3.

In the field, thousands of players were desperately trying to break the seal, and the roar of various broken seals continued.

At this moment, a cluster of stars appeared out of nowhere in a corner.

Then the starlight converged into a human form and turned into a white-haired man, who was the turbid yin god.

As soon as he was resurrected, he quickly checked his belongings.

The next second, he howled.

The two most precious treasures on his body are gone!

It was the retrospective sword and the advanced holy treasure chest!

"Damn little thief! This deity will definitely swear to avenge this!"

The turbid yin is so angry that he gritted his teeth!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[You were killed by the player 'Qin Feng' from the Blue Star Realm, and 10 Holy Land Points will be deducted! 】

The **** of turbid yin cried out again

Another 10 points deducted!

He was so distressed!

damn it!

It turned out that the little thief was called Qin Feng!

He remembered!

With this in mind, he dodged and rushed out of the safe zone again.

At the same moment, the No. 73 security zone.

At this moment, in the third round, the time has passed almost an hour.

No second person has broken the blockade in Area 73 so far!

click! click! click!

At this moment, in the center of the square, there was a sound of seal cracking.

Click!

Immediately afterwards, there was a crisp sound!

A certain seal barrier was broken, and a white-haired old man appeared, it was the Taixu ancestor!

"Haha! The old man finally broke the seal!"

At this moment, the ancestor Taixu laughed proudly.

When the surrounding players heard the movement, they all looked over with envy in their eyes.

hum!

At this moment, a pass order was dropped in the air.

Ancestor Taixu happily took the token and quickly integrated it into his body.

The surrounding people once again showed envy.

Jinshen's voice also sounded from the side.

"Brother, congratulations on your success in breaking the seal!"

Jinshen's tone was full of envy.

Ancestor Taixu stroked his beard and smiled: "Brother, you should be fast too, right?"

Jin Shen sighed: "It will take about three minutes! Compared with brother, Jin is a little worse. By the way, brother, go out and search for the treasure chest. Then the thief Qin Feng has only gained a lot! After all, he went out for 50 It's been a few minutes."

Old Ancestor Taixu smiled coldly: "Humph! Even if the little thief went out more than 50 minutes earlier, he would not have gained much. After all, he is only at the land level. The old man doesn't believe it, what tricks he can play! "

Qin Feng is not present at this moment, and Taixu ancestor is not pretending anymore.

Although his voice was not loud, it spread easily throughout the audience, and everyone heard it.

Everyone heard his dissatisfaction with Qin Feng, and his tone was sour.

However, the words of Taixu ancestors are not unreasonable!

Qin Feng's realm is too low, they can't believe that Qin Feng's strength will be very strong.

Without strength, the harvest will not be great!

But just after this thought came to mind, the entire Holy Land shook slightly.

The next second, the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, a player from the Blue Star Realm! Obtained a special treasure chest, hereby announced the recognition! 】

boom!

As soon as the news was announced, the entire Holy Land was boiling!

Oh my God!

One of the three special treasure chests was obtained so quickly!

It's only been an hour now!

What kind of existence is that Qin Feng from the Blue Star Realm?

At the same moment, there was an uproar in the square of District 73!

No one expected this result!

They were more shocked than other players in the safe zone.

Because they know the details of Qin Feng!

Then Qin Feng is only at the earth level, how did he get the special treasure chest?

In the field, Taixu's ancestor was even more like being hit by five thunders!

The whole person was instantly stunned on the spot!

This is too embarrassing!DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He was still taunting Qin Feng just now!

Everyone in the audience heard it!

But he didn't want to be slapped in the face by Qin Feng in a few seconds.

At this moment, his old face was flushed, and it was a little painful!

He vaguely felt that everyone's eyes were strangely projected towards him.

"Damn little thief!"

Ancestor Taixu cursed in anger, then dodged and rushed out of the safe area.

In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from everyone's sight.

At the same moment, outside the No. 3 security zone.

The turbid yin **** also looked at the sky in shock.

Just now, Tiandao announced that Qin Feng got the special treasure chest!

But what he saw before was another white-haired man who took the treasure chest!

This immediately puzzled him

Meanwhile, somewhere above the lake.

A young man in Chinese clothes with a halo behind his head frowned slightly and looked up at the sky.

Qin Feng of the Blue Star Realm!

Is it also a False God realm power?

The young man in Huafu muttered in his heart.

He is the power of the middle stage of the False God!

He thought that he would be the first person to find the special treasure chest, but he didn't expect to be the first to board.

"This Qin Feng is a bit interesting! Mostly it is also the power of the middle stage of the False God!"

The young man in Chinese clothes smiled proudly and disappeared on the lake out of thin air.

Three special treasure chests have been obtained!

Only two left!

He's going to hurry up to collect the treasure chest.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

The polar Yang fission variant that stayed behind was looking at the special treasure chest in front of him with joy.

It turned out that the polar fission variant that grabbed the special treasure chest before was summoned to zero-dimensional space by him.

After the polar yang fission body put down the treasure box, it went out to perform the task again.

"Not bad! Not bad! I finally got a special treasure chest!"

The polar fission variant looked at the treasure chest in his hand with satisfaction.

Then, his divine sense probed the divine sense seal on the treasure chest.

Knew it!

The seal on this special treasure chest is much stronger.

He estimated that it would take an hour to break the seal of consciousness.

If other players get the treasure chest, they will definitely find a place and break the seal with all their strength.

After all, if the treasure chest is not opened in time, it will disappear automatically when the chance game is over.

However, the anode fission variant is not in a hurry.

He has the time force field to help him, and it takes an hour, which is equivalent to 6 minutes in the outside world.

Immediately, he put down the special treasure chests and continued to open those primary treasure chests.