Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, white light flashed in front of him, and a high-level treasure chest and a black long sword appeared out of thin air.

It turned out that the very yin body also sent in the harvest of killing the turbid yin god

The polar fission variant smiled with satisfaction, no longer wasting time, and continued to open the treasure chest

[Open Holy Land Treasure Box (Elementary) successfully! You have obtained +3 points, 5 Holy Land Divine Essence (quasi-ninth order)]

[Open Holy Land Treasure Box (Elementary) successfully! You got +3 points, 1 Divine Soul Pill (ninth-order low-grade)]

[Open Holy Land Treasure Box (Elementary) successfully! You got +3 points, 1 mythical treasure chest]

what!

Mythical treasure chest!

When the third primary treasure chest was opened, the extreme sun fission body actually opened a mythical treasure chest.

Myth-level treasure chests are conventional treasure chests that can only be exploded by hunting beasts from the outside world.

However, mythical treasure chests can open ninth-order treasures.

He has seven in his hand, and adding this one is eight.

In addition, he also has a Sky-Opening God Card, which can combine five myth-level treasure chests into a Sky-Opening-level treasure chest.

And the open sky-level treasure chest can open divine treasures.

It can be seen that this mythical treasure chest is not bad, and it has promotion channels.

If he has a chance to get the second card, then this mythical treasure chest will be very useful.

Thinking of this, the extreme sun fission body is in a good mood, and continues to open the treasure chest

At the same time, the extremely negative body and 127 extremely positive fission variants were also searching for treasure chests outside.

But on the other side, near the No. 73 safe area.

At this moment, Old Ancestor Taixu was suspended in the air with a gloomy look on his face.

"I really didn't expect it! That little thief Qin Feng actually got a super treasure chest. It's really bad luck! By the way, if the old man kills the little thief, will the super treasure chest explode?"

Taixu ancestor's eyes lit up, and he had a plan in his heart.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he went deep into the depths of the Holy Land.

Started to search for the treasure chest while searching for Qin Feng's figure.

Up to now, he still thinks that all Qin Feng's gains are due to cheating or luck.

He even thought that he could easily kill Qin Feng.

As everyone knows, Qin Feng's strength is no longer what he can deal with.

Of course, without the sacrificial power of Fengxi's three daughters, Qin Feng is not necessarily the opponent of Taixu ancestors by fighting alone.

The two sides should be evenly matched!

In this way, Taixu ancestor smugly threw himself into the treasure hunt.

Time flies!

Ten minutes later, over a jungle.

Old Ancestor Taixu looked depressed.

After ten minutes, he found nothing.

"Strange! How can there be nothing? Is there something wrong with the direction the old man chose?"

Ancestor Taixu muttered in his heart and changed direction.

Twenty minutes later, he still had nothing.

"Strange! Why not yet? Could it be that the old man is unlucky?"

Old Ancestor Taixu changed his direction again.

Thirty minutes later, he still had nothing.

Tai Xu's ancestor's face was a little ugly.

The third round was only 6 hours long.

It took him nearly an hour to break the seal, and another half an hour to search for treasures, but found nothing.

There are still four and a half hours left in the game, he can't get nothing, can he?

Ancestor Taixu was extremely annoyed and continued to search

An hour later, he was still empty-handed.

Old Ancestor Taixu suddenly panicked!

Two hours after the game, he didn't even get a treasure chest.

What exactly is going on?

Is your luck really that bad?

Even a thief in the prefecture-level realm of Qin Feng can get a special treasure chest, why can't he even get a primary treasure chest?

Ancestor Taixu was not reconciled and continued to look for it

He didn't know that Qin Feng had already pushed the No. 73 security zone for hundreds of thousands of miles in all directions, and he didn't even leave a mouthful of soup wherever he went.

Grandfather Taixu naturally found nothing!

At this moment, it was not only him, as long as the players who came out of area 73, all got nothing.

After two hours, three or four hundred players have already left the area 73.

Those people got nothing!

The area around Area 73 is already mourning!

In order to make Fengxi's three daughters also enter the top four in the third round, Qin Feng will naturally not leave any soup for these people.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, another half an hour passed!

Two and a half hours have passed since the competition, and more than 800 contestants have come out of Area 73.

But those people got nothing, and the Taixu ancestor was no exception.

This made the players in Area 73 collapse a bit.

Compared with Taixu's ancestor and others, Qin Feng has already made a lot of money.

At this moment, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.

That polar anode fission variant is opening a high-level treasure chest

Two and a half hours passed outside.

In the zero-degree space, 25 hours have passed.

In the past 25 hours, he has opened more than 300 primary treasure chests, and he has obtained about 700 divine essences from the Holy Land.

As for the more valuable Divine Soul Pills, Divine Bone Pills, Divine Blood Pills, and Divine Marrow Pills, nearly 100 pills were obtained.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

In addition, he had to get four ninth-rank low-grade weapons, which could be used by the four clones.

All in all, he had a lot of harvest and was in a very happy mood.

He has finished opening all the primary treasure chests at the moment.

Next, he started opening advanced treasure chests.

Having said that, advanced treasure chests are indeed rare.

After two and a half hours, Qin Feng only collected seven.

Now, Qin Feng's speed of harvesting treasure chests has also dropped significantly.

Because more and more players have entered the Holy Land.

Two and a half hours is enough for the demigod to break the seal in the middle stage and enter the first floor of the Holy Land.

Unconsciously, the number of players entering the Holy Land has reached 70,000 or 80,000, and the intensity of the competition has soared exponentially.

From every corner of the Holy Land, there will be sounds of **** and fight from time to time.

Because of this, Qin Feng's speed of obtaining the treasure chest naturally slowed down.

However, he was already satisfied.

At present, he should be the one with the most treasure chests among all the players.

The points obtained by opening the treasure box are approaching one thousand points.

While thinking happily, the polar fission variant cracked the advanced treasure box in his hand with all his strength.

3.8 clicks! click! click!

Click!

At this moment, there was a crisp sound, and the seal was broken!

That treasure chest burst into a dazzling aura!

The polar fission variant is delighted and can't wait to open the treasure chest

This is the first high-level treasure box he has opened.

[Open Holy Land Treasure Chest (Advanced) Successfully! You got +10 points, 1 Kaitianshen card (ninth-order best)]

what!

It's the Kaitianshen card!

The anode fission variant is full of surprises.

In this way, he has two Kaitianshen cards in his hand.

And the mythical treasure chest, he has accumulated nine.

As long as he gets another mythical treasure chest, he can synthesize two open sky treasure chests.

That is equivalent to being able to open two artifacts!

The more you think about the polar fission variant, the more excited you are!

It was at this moment that an announcement came from Tiandao.

[Congratulations to Beitianjie player Ji Kongshen! Obtained a special treasure chest, hereby announced the recognition! 】

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Holy Land was immediately shocked.

The polar anode fission variant was also a little surprised.

The second special treasure chest was finally discovered!

In this way, there is still a special treasure chest left in the Holy Land, a god-level treasure chest, which is the most precious.

I don't know who would be so lucky to find those two treasure chests.

The polar Yang fission body sighed for a while, then picked up the second high-level treasure chest and prepared to continue to open it.

But the next second, he seemed to sense something, raised his head in surprise, and looked in a certain direction

The location of the third special treasure chest!

It was finally discovered by a polar anode fission variant.

However, the situation in that game was a bit special.

It turns out that Qin Feng was not the first to discover the location of the special treasure chest.

At this moment, someone is already fighting

Chapter 486 The strong! Extremely empty god!

On the first floor of the Holy Land, there are both mountains and rivers, as well as endless seas.