Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

On the boundary of the first floor, it is surrounded by the endless sea.

At this moment, on an island, three players are looking forward with surprise.

I saw there was a huge altar with a golden treasure chest suspended on it.

Ha ha!

That's a special treasure chest!

The three were so excited!

However, none of them stepped forward in a hurry, but looked at each other.

These three are all peak demigods.

The first is an elegant old man with white beards, with nine long swords suspended behind him, and his combat power has reached 800,000 stars.

This person is called Dayan Jianzu.

The second majestic old man with a dark face, holding a double-edged axe, suddenly reached 800,000 stars in combat power.

This person's name is Black Sky Demon Ancestor.

The third is a stern man in a blue shirt, holding a golden spear, and his combat power has reached 800,000 stars.

This person is called the gun god.

800,000 star combat power, that is the ultimate combat power of the demigod peak.

These three are the top powerhouses in the peak of the demigods.

For a powerful being like them, there will be no more than a thousand people in the entire Holy Land.

At this moment, they discovered the special treasure chest in front of them at the same time, and their hearts were naturally excited.

It's just the atmosphere in the field, there is some tension!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Because there is only one treasure chest!

There are three of them!

Not enough points!

"You two, on the principle of first come, first come, this old man is the first to arrive. This treasure chest should belong to this old man!"

Dayan Jianzu said in a deep voice.

"Joke! These treasure chests are originally unowned, and whoever grabs them belongs to them. Why do you go first, and they belong to you?"

Ancestor Hei Tian sneered.

The gun **** also sneered: "That's right! If you want to get the treasure chest, you can speak with strength! Besides, this is the last super treasure chest."

Dayan Sword Ancestor took a deep breath: "It seems that the three of us must first compete against each other!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of them became nervous, as if they were about to move.

Swish!

At this moment, there was a rapid burst of air not far away.

Alarmed, the three turned their heads one after another, and saw a handsome, white-haired young man rushing towards him.

Damn it!

One more person!

All three frowned!

But when the white-haired young man approached, the three of them showed stunned expressions again.

Prefectural realm?

The three looked at the person in disbelief.

Now, is the prefecture-level realm also qualified to break into the first layer of the Holy Land?

It turned out that the person who came was a polar yang fission variant of Qin Feng.

In just a moment, the extreme sun fission variant rushed to the scene, and saw the special treasure chest at a glance, and his eyes were full of joy.

However, instead of approaching the altar immediately, he raised his head to look at the three of the Black Sky Demon Ancestors.

There are still three strong players in the field right now. If he gets close to the altar, he will be immediately smashed to scum by these three!

Thinking of this, the extreme Yang fission variant silently looked at the three people of Heitian Demon Ancestor, and there was a strange color in his eyes.

The combat power of these three people has reached 800,000 stars, which is an incredible existence!

Even if he summoned the extreme yin body, it would take a lot of means to solve these three people.

At that time, it will take a lot of tricks to kill the Demon Emperor with the very yin body.

After this delay, it has already disturbed the radius of thousands of miles, and will attract a large number of strong people.

Now that nearly three hours have passed since the game, almost 100,000 players have entered the first floor of the Holy Land.

This is no longer what it used to be, sparsely populated.

As long as there is a little big movement, it will attract a lot of people, and everything is a quick solution.

In short, he had to find a way to grab the special treasure chest in the fastest way.

The polar Yang fission body muttered in his heart.

It was at this moment that the three of the Black Sky Demon Ancestors also came to their senses.

"Oh! I thought there was a master here! I didn't expect it to be a prefecture-level ant!"

Black Sky Demon Ancestor sneered disdainfully.

The spear **** also impatiently aimed at the polar sun fission.

"It's also a hindrance to let this ant peep at the side! It's better to destroy it!"

As soon as the voice fell, he flicked his finger.

call out!

A white energy shot out from its fingertips and shot directly at the polar anode fission body

The blasting speed of the energy is extremely fast, like a white light, and it instantly reaches the front of the polar Yang fission body.

The face of the polar fission body changed slightly, and the law of wind and speed was instantly applied, and the speed reached the extreme.

Swish!

Light and shadow flash!

He narrowly avoided the energy!

boom!

When the energy hit the air, it directly bombarded the boulder not far away, and the rubble flew across the ground, and the island trembled.

"Hey! I actually escaped!"

The gun **** is a little surprised!

He originally thought that it was just an ordinary land-level realm, and he could kill it with a snap of his fingers.

Unexpectedly, the speed of this ant is extremely fast, surpassing the limit of the peak of the sky, and it is possible to escape his flick of the finger in a thrilling manner.

However, they also discovered that the combat power of the extreme sun fission variant has suddenly reached the peak of the sky!

Gee!

An earth-level realm can actually exert the peak combat power of the heaven-level!

What a surprise!

At this moment, the three gun gods were amazed, and they were all shocked!

They didn't know that this polar yang fission variant was just one of Qin Feng's 128 polar yang fission variants.

If Qin Feng's extremely yin body came, he could easily defeat any of them.

After a moment of surprise, the gun **** felt his face was damaged.

Even if the extreme sun fission variant has the strength of the peak of the sky, it can escape his one-finger killing, which makes his face a little ugly.

After all, he is the top powerhouse in the pinnacle of demigods.

Thinking of this, he is going to take another shot at the polar yang fission body.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

boom!

The Dayan Sword Ancestor suddenly rushed towards the altar when he was attracted by the extreme Yang fission variant while taking advantage of the spear **** and Heitian Patriarch.

He's going to take the opportunity to grab the treasure chest!

Only the treasure chest is real, everything else is illusory!

"Damn!"

"Go away!"

Swish! Swish!

The field screamed again and again!

In the next second, the spear **** and Heitian Demon Ancestor rushed over at the same time, killing the Dayan Sword Ancestor.

hum! hum!

In an instant, the weapons in the hands of the God of Gunslinger and Demon Ancestor Hei Tian lighted up.

They all completed the integration of human and machine in an instant, and their combat power has skyrocketed by 70,000 stars.

Seeing this scene, the polar Yang fission variant was a little surprised.

The weapons in the hands of these two guys are actually ninth-rank high-grade!

treasure!

Absolute treasure!

boom! boom!

Immediately afterwards, the two of them blasted away at the back of Dayan Jianzu at the same time.

"Damn!"

Dayan Jianzu's face changed greatly.

In the face of the joint strike of the two, he didn't dare to be careless, turned around quickly, and moved the sword.

call out! huh! huh!

Immediately, the nine long swords suspended behind him shot towards the two of them.

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides fight together!

For a time, the field was slaughtered, and the sky was dark!

The whole island is shaking violently!

The fission of the extreme sun was startling, and he couldn't help withdrawing back, so as not to be affected by Chiyu.

Soon, he discovered that the Dayan Sword Ancestor was the strongest among the three.

The Dayan Sword Ancestor was one to two, and he did not lose the slightest.

As a result, the battle between the two sides soon became stalemate, and neither of them paid attention to the polar anode fission variant.

The polar Yang fission variant couldn't help but light up, secretly thinking that the opportunity had come.

At the moment, he quietly approached the altar while the three of them were slaughtered.

At the same time, the fierce battle of the Dayan Sword Ancestors caused an earth-shattering explosion that spread in all directions.

The huge movement naturally alarmed thousands of miles around and attracted the attention of many people.