Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, somewhere over the seashore.

A young man in Chinese clothes with a halo behind his head was looking at the golden treasure chest in his hand with a happy face.

This young man is the Jikong God from the Northern Heaven Realm, a mid-stage False God.

Not long ago, he got the second special treasure chest.

At this moment, he is cracking the seal of the treasure chest like no one else.

With his strength, he is not afraid of someone coming to grab it.

"This seal has been cracked by 50%. In a few minutes, I will be able to crack it successfully and get 100 points again."

Ji Kongshen muttered in his heart, and his face was full of joy.

Although he looks young, he is actually thousands of years old.

It is not the first time he has entered the Holy Land, and his understanding of the rules of the Holy Land is much better than others.

He knew very well that the more points, the better.

In addition to ranking, Tiandao will give everyone a big surprise in the final stage.

The big surprise is that the points are redeemed.

The more points you earn, the more you can redeem.

Now, he has collected more than 500 points in the third round. If he opens the special treasure chest in his hand, he can get more than 600 points.

This is a very remarkable achievement!

He is confident in his points and has a 90% probability of being the first of all.

With this thought, Ji Kongshen became more and more proud.

He didn't know that in the entire safety zone, there was another person with higher points than him, and that was Qin Feng.

Qin Feng can be said to be the first to enter the first floor of the Holy Land, and there are many polar fission variants to help collect treasure chests.

Now, Qin Feng has only opened all the primary treasure chests and one advanced treasure chest, and the points have reached 1,100 points.

There are still six high-level treasure chests and one super-class treasure box in his hand that have not been opened.

If all are opened, the total points can reach more than 1200 points, which is equivalent to twice that of Jikong God.

You must know that Ji Kongshen is a great power in the middle stage of False God, and Qin Feng is only at the earth-level realm.

In addition, Qin Feng's polar yang fission variant found the location of a special treasure chest.

It is estimated that he will soon have a new harvest.

"Hey! This is"

At this moment, Jikong God seemed to sense something and stopped cracking the treasure chest.

He raised his head slightly and looked into the depths of the sea ahead.

In that direction, it is the direction of the battle between the three of the Dayan Sword Ancestors.

"It is the energy fluctuations of the three peaks of the demigods colliding! That will be"

Ji Kongshen's eyes narrowed slightly, revealing the color of contemplation.

The treasure that can cause the three peak demigods to compete for the treasure is definitely not a primary treasure chest, it is definitely a treasure above the advanced treasure chest

For high-level treasure chests, Jikong God is also very concerned about it.

After all, there are only 500 high-level treasure chests on the first floor of the entire Holy Land.

And he only got three.

Since it might be a high-level treasure chest, how could he miss it?

Thinking of this, Jikong God quickly put away the special treasure chest in his hand, stepped into the air with one step, and went tens of thousands of feet away, and rushed directly towards the island.

The three Dayan Sword Ancestors didn't know about the arrival of Jikong God, nor did Qin Feng.

At this moment, on that island.

Dayan Jianzu three people have been killed red eyes!

Both sides killed indistinguishable!

Shockingly moving!

That is, no one can do anything about it!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

I saw the polar sun fission variant peeping on the side, already approaching the altar.

boom!

At this moment, he suddenly accelerated and rushed towards the altar.

"Huh! Not good!"

"court death!"

His move naturally alarmed the three of the Dayan Sword Ancestors.

The three powerhouses are all furious!

The spear **** reacted the fastest, and with a wave of his hand, he shot out hundreds of light arrows, blasting away at the back of the polar fission body.

At this moment, he also shot in anger, but also to regain face for the previous miss, so he did not hold back at all, and used the ranged group attack skills.

He doesn't believe it. This time, the polar sun fission variant can still avoid his attack? !

In the blink of an eye, the extreme sun fission variant rushed to the vicinity of the altar, only three feet away from the altar.

That is the cordon of the guardian spirit of the altar!

call out! call out! call out!

It was at this moment that he sensed it. Hundreds of thousands of light arrows shot from behind him, covering the sky and covering the ground, covering him and blocking all his escape routes, making him unavoidable.

What is even more terrifying is that the power of each light arrow has reached the threshold level of demigods.

Any light arrow can easily hit a peak of the sky.

If you are hit by two light arrows at the same time, you will be instantly killed on the spot.

Seeing that the polar sun fission body is unavoidable, when it is about to be killed on the spot, the mutation in the field regenerates.

boom!

The body of the polar Yang fission body collapsed suddenly, turning into a white fog.

At this moment, he used the fog concealment technique!

call out! call out! call out!

Suddenly, thousands of light arrows passed through the white fog, as if they were wearing nothing, but they failed to cause any damage to the polar yang fission body.

In the atomized state, the damage of the enemy's attack is greatly reduced.

What's more, Qin Feng also mastered the law of extreme yin, which can absorb a lot of energy injuries.

At this point, hundreds of light arrows shot into the air and bombarded the altar mask in front!

boom! boom! boom!

A series of shocking bangs!

Those light arrows shattered!

The altar mask also swayed violently for a while, and the light dimmed by three points!

Roar!

This suddenly alarmed the guardian spirit in the altar!

Boom!

The next second, the monstrous demonic energy rolled out, and a terrifying demon emperor rushed out of the altar.

As soon as it rushed out, it did not see the polar Yang fission variant, but only saw the three people of Dayan Jianzu.

It turns out that the polar sun fission body has used the fog concealment technique to hide it, and it cannot be found.

But the three Dayan Sword Ancestors stood in front of it alive,

Hateful human beings!

It must be the three of them who just attacked the altar!

Thinking of this, the Demon King was instantly furious!

Its task is to guard the altar and treasure chest, and no one is allowed to destroy it!

Roar!

In the next second, it roared angrily and slaughtered the three of Dayan Jianzu.

That monstrous demon was mighty and mighty, crushing the audience!

"This is the Demon King!"

"It's the limit of a demigod!"

"So strong!"

The three Dayan Sword Ancestors exclaimed!

But at this moment, the Demon King has already been killed!

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides fight immediately!

This time, the three Dayan Sword Ancestors joined forces to deal with the Demon Emperor.

The battle scene was even more intense than before!

The field is so dark that the sun and the moon have no light!

But just when the Demon King was entangled, the mutation in the field regenerated.

call out!

A white light flashed out of thin air in the place where the polar yang fission variant was hidden.

In the next second, the extreme yin itself will manifest itself!

As soon as he appeared, he raised the Xingtian Axe and slashed towards the mask of the altar with all his strength.

It turned out that the extreme sun fission body was deliberately approaching the altar, just to draw out the Demon King.

Let the Demon King and Dayan Sword Ancestor entangle again!

At this time, he summoned the extreme yin body again to take advantage of the fisherman.

Chapter 487 The tiger's mouth grabs food! Big win!

call out!

As soon as the extreme yin body appeared, he slashed down with an axe with all his strength!

hum!

At that moment, the axe light shines!

The power of layers of laws is superimposed!

Make the world tremble!

"That is…."

"Not good! Someone picked it up!"

"Damn!"

In just a split second, the three of Dayan Jianzu noticed the appearance of the extremely yin body, and they screamed and screamed.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com