Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Roar!

The Demon King also roared furiously!

boom! boom! boom!

In the next second, the Demon King and Dayan Sword Ancestor slaughtered at the same time.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Four violent auras!

Cover the sky!

Make the whole island tremble!

This **** little thief is picking up leaks while they are fighting!

It's so nasty!

They're going to blast it to pieces!

With the combined power of the four of them, even a powerhouse with a combat power of 1 million stars will be hit hard by a single blow!

What's more, this little thief's realm aura has not yet reached the demigod realm!

In fact, the Dayan Sword Ancestors still had an idea in their hearts.

That is the protective mask of the super treasure chest altar, which is extremely powerful!

Even if they do their best, they can't do it with one blow!

Before, the attack of the gun **** has shown this.

They also don't believe that the extreme yin body can succeed in one blow.

In the blink of an eye, the four destructive attacks approached the back of the extremely yin body.

At the same moment, the attack of the extreme yin body also fell!

Swish!

Axe light falls!

Smashed **** the mask!

Click!

A crisp sound!

The mask shattered instantly!

The golden special treasure chest is exposed!

Swish!

The very yin body rushed over at once, and hugged the treasure box.

call out!

In the next breath, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air!

boom! boom! boom! boom!

The attacks of the Demon King and Dayan Sword Ancestor were all in vain!

Bombarded directly on the altar, directly blasting the altar to pieces, and the gravel flew!

But in the next second, everyone in the field was stunned!

What about people?

Why is it gone!

The three people of Dayan Sword Ancestor swept across thousands of miles, and none of them saw the trace of the extremely yin body.

In fact, the polar cathode body has teleported back to zero-degree space.

However, Dayan Jianzu discovered another problem, that is, the existence of the polar yang fission body.

The fog concealment technique of the polar sun fission variant can hide from the investigation of the Demon King, but it cannot escape his search.

At the moment, Dayan Sword Ancestor's expression turned cold, and he was about to attack the polar Yang fission body hidden in the dark!

Roar!

But at this moment, a shocking roar broke out in the field!

In the next second, the Demon Sovereign slaughtered the three of the Dayan Sword Ancestors!

damn it!

The loss of the treasure chest is all to blame for the three humans in front of me!

Maybe, these three humans are the same as the human who stole the treasure chest!

At this moment, the Demon King's heart was filled with endless anger!

With its low intelligence, at this moment, I just want to beat the three Dayan Sword Ancestors to death!

Boom!

In the blink of an eye, the Demon King was killed in front of the Dayan Sword Ancestors.

This life interrupted Dayan Jianzu's intentions, making it too late for him to shoot at the polar Yang fission variant.

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

In the next second, the two sides will fight again!

With the combined strength of the Dayan Sword Ancestors, they can only be on par with the Demon King!

Suddenly, the field was once again killed in darkness, the sun and the moon were dark!

The whole island is shaking, as if it will crack in the next second!

The Dayan Sword Ancestors roared with rage!

The special treasure chest was gone, and they were even more anxious.

They want to quickly find out the body of the extreme yin and take back the treasure chest.

But the three of them were entangled by the Demon Emperor and could not escape.

Because the speed of the three of them is not as good as that of the Demon King, how easy is it to get rid of the entanglement!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides have fought for dozens of rounds, and it is difficult to tell the winner!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, the sound of rapid air breaking can be heard from all directions of the island!

More and more players were attracted.

Dayan Jianzu three suddenly felt anxious.

It was at this moment that everyone was in the sky above their heads!

With a strange space fluctuation, a young man in Chinese clothes with a halo behind his head appeared silently.

The coming person is the great power in the middle stage of the virtual **** - the **** of the sky!

As soon as he appeared, he saw the torn altar and the people fighting, and his brows frowned.

The altar is broken!

The treasure chest is gone!

There are still three people in the field fighting with the Demon King!

In this way, the special treasure chest is on these three people.

Otherwise, the Demon King will not haunt them!

Thinking of this, Jikong Shenwei raised his hand, and there was an extra dazzling sword in his hand!

Before everyone could think about it, he just swung his sword away!

Suddenly, the world changes color!

In the next second, blood flashes in the field!

Click! Click! Click!

Four consecutive beeps!

The Demon Emperor, Dayan Sword Ancestor, Hei Tian Demon Ancestor, and the Spear God were all split in half with a single sword, beheading them on the spot!

The polar Yang fission variant hiding in the dark is jaw-dropping!

Oh my God!

This man is too strong!

This guy is definitely a False God realm!

Thinking of this, he was terrified!

At this moment, the bodies of the three Dayan Sword Ancestors disintegrated automatically, turned into a sky full of stars, and dissipated on their own.

When the starlight dissipated, there were nine treasures left in the field, which were dropped from the three people of Dayan Jianzu.

As soon as the polar yang fission variant saw the nine treasures, his heart suddenly became hot.

Among the nine treasures, there are the two-edged giant axe of Hei Tian Mozu, the golden spear of the gun god, and a mythical treasure chest that Qin Feng needs most.

The other six treasures are also extremely precious, but those three items are the most attractive to the polar fission variant.

After seeing the nine treasures, Jikong Shen frowned.

There is no special treasure chest he wants most!

By the way, there is also a little ant here!

Thinking of this, he slowly raised his head and looked at the hiding place of the polar Yang fission body.

Ha ha!

A small ant in the prefecture-level realm!

The method of stealth is quite clever.

However, he doesn't like being watched!

Thinking of this, he raised his hand slightly, and was about to collapse the extreme yang fission variant with one finger.

But he said that the polar yang fission body, as soon as he saw the extreme sky god, he knew that it was exposed.

When he saw it, Ji Kongshen raised his finger, and his heart was horrified.

But just when Jikong God was about to appear, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field.

call out!

I saw a flash of white light in the field!

The very negative body instantly appeared!

Jikong God was stunned for a moment!

But in the next second, the extreme yin body dived and rushed towards the giant axe among the nine treasures below!

"court death!"

Extreme Kong God is furious!

Someone dared to steal his booty!

This is the first time he has met since he broke through to the middle stage of False God!

Immediately, with a flick of his fingertips, a burst of energy shot towards the back of the extreme yin body!

But he said that the body of the extreme yin dodged and came to the side of the giant axe.

With a copy, he grabbed the handle of the axe.

At the same moment, he saw it again, the mythical treasure chest was beside it.

At the moment, he grabbed the treasure chest with his other hand! ,