Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

call out!

It was at this moment that the attack of the extreme sky **** struck!

The very negative body wants to dodge!

But at this moment, he was horrified to discover that the attack of Jikong God had locked his breath, and there was no way to avoid it!

This time, he had no time to escape, so he could only resist!

hum!

As soon as he thought about it, the anti-god armor on his body lit up with golden light, and the defense was pushed to the extreme!

Boom!

At the same moment, his body suddenly grew up, his body was churning with blood, and his muscles were tangled.

The inheritance skill of the ninth-rank top-rank-full body hegemony is also activated at this moment!

hum!

Immediately afterwards, another layer of black aura lit up on him.

That is the activation of the S-level Extreme Yin Law!

Can absorb a lot of damage!

At this moment, the defensive power of the extreme yin body reached the extreme, which was more than twice that of the powerhouse near the peak of the demigod.

In the blink of an eye, the attack hit the back of the extremely yin body!

Bang!

A loud bang!

Ji Yin body snorted and was blasted out, and blood spurted all the way from his mouth!

"Hey! It's not dead!"

Jikong God was a little surprised!

With that flick of his finger, he only used one-tenth of his strength, and he could easily kill any peak demigod powerhouse.

But the guy who robbed him of the spoils actually resisted!Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

After being startled, he instantly came to his senses.

In the next second, he stomped his footsteps, leaped ten thousand feet in an instant, and chased and killed the extreme yin body.

In a flash of light and shadow, he arrived behind the very yin body.

But at this moment, the polar yin body turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Jikong God was stunned for a moment.

But before he could think about it, there was another strange wave behind him.

He turned back quickly, and saw that the polar Yang fission variant that had been hidden all along appeared quietly at this moment, and picked up the golden spear on the ground.

"court death!"

Extreme Kong God is furious!

This kid took advantage of his distracted moment to steal his booty.

At this moment, Ji Kong was so angry that he was about to take action.

But at this moment, the polar yang fission body instantly turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Naturally, the long spear also disappeared!

Jikong God was stunned again!

The next second, his shocking roar sounded in the field!

Damn two thieves!

While he was not paying attention, he stole three trophies from him!

Or the three most precious of the nine trophies!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

It was at this moment that the players who came from all directions arrived at this moment.

They could see from a distance that Jikong God was going crazy there, wondering what kind of stimulation this guy was getting?

The roar was so startling that it shook for thousands of miles!

But without waiting for them to think too much, Jikong God looked at them!

"You ants! Die! Die! Die!"

boom! boom! boom!

The Jikong God's long sword swung in a row, slashing away at the players who were about to come.

He is angering everyone!

For a time, the field collapsed!

A few minutes later, the entire island was torn apart by the Extreme Kong God and completely sank into the sea!

Those innocent players who arrived later were killed by him, and not a single one was left.

Then the **** of extreme emptiness left angrily.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

The extremely yin body holds a giant axe in one hand and a mythical treasure chest in the other, and his face is full of ecstasy.

The next second, a white light flashed in front of him, and another polar yang fission body appeared, holding a golden spear in his hand.

The very yin body saw the long spear and showed ecstasy again!

Ha ha!

This time, they are the biggest beneficiaries of Miao!

Not only did they grab a special treasure chest, but they also grabbed two ninth-rank high-grade weapons and a mythical treasure chest.

Thinking of this, the very yin body couldn't wait to look at the giant axe in his hand.

Chapter 488 Sixth Dao Patriarch! False God Realm!

Thinking of this, the very yin body couldn't wait to look at the giant axe in his hand.

[Purgatory Axe: Ninth-rank top grade, weapon class. 】

The very negative body showed a satisfied smile.

Sure enough, it was a high-grade ninth-rank weapon, on the same level as the Xingtian Axe.

At this time, the polar yang fission body left a golden spear, turned into white light and left, and continued to perform the treasure hunt mission.

The extremely negative fission variant picked up the spear and looked again.

[Golden Spear: Ninth-rank top grade, weapon class. 】

The ninth-rank high-grade treasure can feed back 70,000-star combat power.

At this point, he has four ninth-rank high-grade weapons in his hands.

They are Xingtian Axe, Purgatory Axe, Golden Spear, and Retrospective Sword.

hum! hum!

But at this moment, the purgatory axe and the golden spear vibrated at the same time, and then they were about to break free from the extreme yin body, and they began to struggle...

The very negative body smiled coldly.

He knew that it was the Dark Sky Demon Ancestor and the Spear God who were resurrected in the safe area, and were trying to summon two weapons.

Generally speaking, if the master is not completely dead, and the soul imprint of the master in the weapon is still there, it cannot be refined.

At the same time, the owner has a way to summon the weapon back.

Such characteristics are very obvious on weapons of the ninth rank and above.

But all of this is hard to beat the very negative body.

Because he mastered the S-level soul path talent.

Immediately, he used his Soul Dao talent, his palm lit up with white light, and gently stroked the face of the purgatory axe...

click!

A soft sound!

The soul imprint in the purgatory axe suddenly cracked.

The spirit axe suddenly calmed down and stopped struggling.

Then, the very yin body used the same method to destroy the soul imprint in the golden gun.

The spirit gun also quieted down!

call!

The very negative body could not help but let out a sigh of relief.

So far, the two ninth-rank high-grade weapons are truly available.

Then, he put away the two weapons and looked at the mythical treasure chest in front of him.

This is the third treasure he grabbed from Jikong God.

Now, it is time for him to synthesize the Heaven-Opening Treasure Chest.

Thinking of this, he took out two golden **** cards and nine mythical treasure chests from the storage ring.

Those two cards are the ninth-order superb **** cards - Kaitian **** cards!

The very yin body picked up a card of the **** of opening the sky, and it was activated.

hum!

In the next second, the Shenka floated in the air, emitting a dazzling golden light.

Afterwards, a great formation of five-pointed stars projected from the card.

Woo! Woo! Woo!

Immediately after 960, the five mythical treasure chests slowly floated into the air and automatically flew to the five-pointed star formation, which was distributed to the five formation eye positions.

Afterwards, the big formation slowly moved!

A burst of strong light intertwined!

Five treasure chests overlapped and merged.

After a while, the **** card disappeared!

A bright purple-gold treasure chest appeared in front of him.

[Treasure chest synthesis is complete! Congratulations, you got an open sky treasure chest! 】

[Opening a Heaven-level treasure chest: 90% probability of opening demigod-level items, 8% probability of opening demigod-level peak items, and 2% probability of opening low-level god-level items. 】

good! good!

After reading the information, the polar body is very satisfied.

This open heaven-level treasure chest can open demigod-level to low-level god-level items.

If he uses the God of Fortune card, he can open 100% of the low-grade god-level treasures.

Having said that, the best treasure on Qin Feng's body is the low-grade god-level anti-god armor on his body.

If he can get another low-grade divine artifact, it will be of great help to his strength.

By the way, there are a lot of similarities between this open-air treasure chest and the super holy land treasure chest!

Thinking of this, the very negative body looked up and looked forward.

I saw that the left-behind polar Yang fission variant has been opening the treasure chest.