Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: It is detected that your fire talent reaches C rank, and the damage of your hellfire skill is doubled! 】

The benefits of talent enhancement are coming so soon!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

So far, all six of his treasure chests have been opened, and he has gained a lot.

His whole body equipment is completely new, it can be said that the shotgun has been replaced by a gun, which has been improved by a large level, and his strength has naturally increased greatly.

Thinking of this, his latest data appeared in his mind.

[Level]: Level 9 (23870/100000)

[Occupation]: Level 2 Judge (0/200)

[Prestige]: 29 (novice general)

[Strength]: 262+58 (power crazy, D level)

[Agility]: 263+15 (speed madness, D level)

[Physical constitution]: 277+20 (strengthened constitution, D grade)

[Energy]: 274 (intensive mind, D grade; hearing superficial, E grade; vision superficial, E grade; smell enhancement, F grade)

[Elemental Talent]: True Meaning of Fire (C-level), Earth Control (D-level), Darkness Control (D-level)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Hellfire (Tier 2), Mysterious Crystal Armoring (Tier 2), Beast Control (Tier 3)

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 28 stars

very good!

The combat power has reached 28 stars!

As soon as this equipment was updated, his combat power assessment soared directly from 26 stars to 28 stars.

Cool!

It's so cool!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

This feeling of soaring strength is so satisfying!

It can also be seen that equipment is of great help to the improvement of strength!

"By the way, the second-order blood wolf sword and the second-order bear king's armor are useless to me, it is time to deal with it."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and opened the trading channel.

Then, he hung the two pieces of equipment among the items for sale.

Just after doing this, Tiandao sent a prompt.

[Announcement: The countdown is over, and the camp betting begins! 】

The test has finally begun!

Qin Feng quickly opened the task channel to view personal tasks.

[C-level task: crack the seal of the five elements. 】

[Task content: Collect the cores of the five kings of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, then go to Juelongpo, find the Five Elements Altar, and crack the enchantment seal of 911 Novice Village. 】

[Task reminder: You have collected the core of the king (soil), it is recommended that you go to the Yiju Mountain in the west of the Liluo grassland in the second step, kill the gold-devouring ants, and obtain the core of the king (gold). 】

[Task reminder: The Queen of Gold Devouring Ants is a level 13 king beast, the second-to-last in strength among the five kings. It is recommended that a group of more than 40 level 10 powerhouses be the team members, and the success rate of hunting will reach more than 70%. 】

hiss~!

That gold-devouring ant queen is actually a level 13 king beast!

Also, this quest prompt is a bit interesting.

When killing the Mammoth King, it is recommended to form a team of more than 20 people.

After killing the golden ants, it was recommended to form a team of more than 40 people.

Could it be that the strength of the golden ant queen is twice that of the mammoth king?

If this is the case, then the gold-devouring ant queen is afraid that it will be difficult to deal with!

However, his strength has skyrocketed now, and he has more confidence.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and rushed in the direction of Yiju Mountain.

Chapter 63 The points battle, all-out competition! (12 more)

Thinking of this, Qin Feng dodged and rushed in the direction of Yiju Mountain.

Winning or losing is very important!

The task of opening the map is also extremely important!

The sooner you open the picture, the better!

It's about the future of the village!

Maybe the future of 911 Village is the future of the people of Longguo in District 1.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Thinking of this, Qin Feng speeded up and rushed in the direction of Yiju Mountain...

At the same time, the chat channel was very hot, and the entire village was urgently mobilized.

"Brothers! It's started~! The betting has begun!"

"I'm so anxious! But I'm only level 2, so I can't help you with anything!"

"Yeah! Points can only be obtained by dueling a level 5 or higher beast! That requires a level 5 powerhouse to take action. There are only four level 5 powerhouses in our village, right?"

"Upstairs, how long have you not read the ranking list? Except for Qin Feng, the boss Liu Xuan has risen to level 6. Longshan, Wu Yong, Gu Ming, Lei Jue, Yu Wen, and Liu Yuan have all risen. It's level 5."

"Fuck~! So many! It turns out that our village is so arrogant!"

"Nonsense! We won three games in a row, do you think we won for nothing?"

"Haha!! Good! That's great!"

"Yeah! In this way, there are 8 people in our village who can score points!"

"Upstairs, don't you look down on people? Although I'm only level 4, but with a D-level talent, I can still kill level-5 beasts and score points!"

"Haha! I'm also level 4 and also a D-level talent, and can also kill level 5 beasts!"

"What a coincidence! Me too!!"

"And me! Haha!"

...

At this moment, nine 4th-level powerhouses with talent D-level suddenly appeared, each with the ability to kill 5th-level beasts.

The chat channel suddenly cheered.

"Wow! The bosses upstairs, you are too awesome! At level 4, you can kill level 5 beasts by leaps and bounds. I can't imagine it!"

"Haha! Upstairs, we won three games in a row, and got 60 attributes out of thin air. If we can't challenge beyond the level, we can't justify it!"

At this time, Wu Yong and others also appeared one after another.

Wu Yong: "Haha! That's right! I'm going to kill level 6 beasts!"

Lei Jue: "Haha! I'm going to kill level 6 beasts too!"

Longshan: "Liu Xuan, are you going to kill a level 7 beast?"

Liu Xuan: "I have entered the level 7 beast zone!"

Liu Yuan: "It's cool! It's so cool! There are 17 people in our village that can score points! I'm afraid no other village can compare to us!"

Gu Ming: "Haha! That's of course! Our 911 Village is the strongest village in District 1! Our Dragon Country people will also be the strongest Blue Star people!"

"Hey! I'm also level 4, but I'm an E-level talent, so I can't kill a level 5 beast in a single battle. If I can rise to level 5, I can definitely kill a level 5 beast!"

"Upstairs, I am in the same situation!"

"Shit! Me too!"

"Fuck~! The 4th-level bosses upstairs, it seems that you also have the potential to score!"

"Yeah! Brothers, like us who are level 2 and level 3 can't score, it's better to help a few of them advance to level 5 first. In this way, there are more strong people in our village who can score!"

"Haha! Great idea! What a great idea!"

"A few upstairs, where are your coordinates? Let's help you level up!"

"Haha! That's great! I'm in the Level 4 Fierce Beast Zone, at coordinates 223.345!"

"I'm also in the Level 4 Fierce Beast Zone, at coordinates 589.227!"

"Okay! We'll be there soon!"

"Great! Thank you guys!"

"Don't be a stranger! As long as you have the strength to kill level 5 beasts, it will be easier for us to win!"

"That's right! Let's rush together! Haha!!"

Wu Yong: "Brothers, don't forget! Our main scorer is still the boss of Qin Feng. What tier 1 spirit grass, spirit fruit, and mutated beast corpses you find should be traded to him. That will be of great use to him!"

"Don't worry, Mr. Wu Yong! We have always remembered it!"

"Wow! Good luck! I found another tier 1 spirit fruit, just in time to exchange a steel knife with Qin Feng boss! Haha!!"

"Good luck upstairs! I'm so envious!"

"Brothers, don't say more, let's fight! Haha!"

At this moment, the chat channel was full of laughter.

Everyone is united and enthusiastic!

At the same moment, in the 383 village chat channel.

People from Nanbangguo are also mobilizing.

"There are only three level 5s in our village, and we don't even have one level 6. The scoring efficiency will be very slow, Smecta!"

"Smecta upstairs, although I am level 5, I can't beat level 5 beasts~!"

"Are you kidding me? Smecta!"

"Assi! Humans are weaker than beasts of the same rank, this is normal!"

This is rightly said!

Obviously, not every villager can be as lucky as 911 Village, all of them get an extra 60 attributes.

It can be said that the people of Longguo in 911 Village are all strong in the same rank.

At the same time, all the people of Asanguo in Village 446 were very excited.

Salman: "Haha! Lord Amir, this time we can finally get our revenge!"

Amir: "Of course! There are 24 villages on our side, but only 3 on the Longguo people's side. They are sure to lose!"

Salman: "Lord Amir, could it be that Qin Feng made a mistake? Otherwise, how could he have 3 villages against 24!"

Amir: "Haha! Absolutely! Oh! I'm so happy now, I just want to sing and dance!"

"Lord Amir! We are so happy that we want to dance!"

"Friends! Then jump up! Haha!"

"Chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop egg big egg..."

"How cold! I play mud in the northeast, although the northeast is not big, I have no home in the big training..."

"How cold! I play mud in the northeast, although the northeast is not big, I have no home in the big training..."

At this moment, the 446 chat channel actually sang and danced, singing and dancing happily.