Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

At this moment, there are two special treasure chests, three advanced treasure chests, and more than thirty primary treasure chests beside the fission body.

During this period of time, the fission body has opened four high-level treasure chests, and received a top-grade ninth-grade Kaitian God card and three high-grade ninth-grade divine pills. He is very satisfied.

At this time, the very yin body beckoned, and a special treasure box flew into his hand.

[Superior Treasure Chest: Open to get 100 Holy Land Points, and you can harvest a treasure from the demigod level to the low-level **** level. 】

After reading the information, Ji Yin ontology smiled with satisfaction.

This special treasure chest is similar to the Kaitian treasure chest.

After opening, you can randomly get a demigod-level to low-level god-level item.

However, when opening the Heaven-level treasure chest, he can use the God of Fortune Card to open 100% of the treasures of the low-level god-level.

Then this special treasure box...

"Hey! That's right!"

The extremely negative body's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

When he opened this special treasure box, it was like opening a blind box.

Whether to open a demigod-level treasure or a low-grade god-level treasure depends entirely on luck.

If he uses the luck card first, and then opens the special treasure chest, will he open 100% of the low-grade god-level treasures?

Thinking of this, the eyes of the extreme yin body will light up, and the more you think about it, the more feasible it becomes.

If he can open a low-grade god-level treasure, he will make a lot of money!

The value of a low-grade god-rank treasure is more than five times that of a half-rank god-rank!

At the moment, the extreme yin body combined the remaining one card of the **** of heaven and the five mythical treasure chests into a second treasure chest of the open sky.

At this point, he has two open heaven-level treasure chests and two super-level treasure chests in his hands, which is equivalent to having four low-grade god-level treasures.

However, he did not immediately use the luck card to open the four treasure chests.

Because there is a god-level treasure chest in this holy land.

He is also the first floor of this Holy Land, the most precious treasure.

According to Qin Feng's idea, it is natural that after obtaining the god-level treasure chest, the five treasure chests will be opened together to maximize the benefits.

With the God of Fortune Card, your luck can be increased by a hundred times in one minute!

In one minute, the time to open five treasure chests is enough, and even a few advanced treasure chests can be opened.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng has made up his mind.

With the remaining three high-level treasure chests, he cracked the seal first, and did not rush to open them.

At this moment, a Heavenly Dao announcement resounded throughout the Holy Land...

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, a player from the Blue Star Realm! Obtained the second special treasure chest, hereby announced the commendation! 】

boom!

As soon as the news was announced, the entire Holy Land was boiling again!

Oh my God!

There are only three special treasure chests!

Then Qin Feng got two by himself!

What's his history?

Could he be the power of the middle stage of the False God? !

At this moment, many people were shocked by Qin Feng's name.

Even some of the early stage powers of False God were shocked by Qin Feng's efficiency.

Of course, the players in Area 73 were extremely shocked and complicated.

Up to now, they vaguely feel that Qin Feng is abnormal, I am afraid it is not as simple as cheating and luck.

However, it didn't take long for everyone to be shocked, and Tiandao sent another announcement.

[Congratulations to Beitianjie player Ji Kongshen! Successfully open the special treasure chest, get +100 points, a demigod treasure, hereby announced the commendation! 】Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

boom!

As soon as this announcement was made, the entire Holy Land was in an uproar again!

Oh my God!

The treasure of the demigod!

It's so enviable!

At this moment, all the players were full of envy in their hearts.

In the zero-degree space, the extreme yin body laughed when he heard the news.

In his opinion, Ji Kongshen was really unlucky, and only opened a treasure of the demigod level.

When the game is about to end, he will use the God of Fortune Card to open the treasure chest, and he will definitely be able to open two treasures of low-grade god-level!

By then, he will definitely shock everyone!

With this thought, the very yin body is full of expectations.

At this moment, the left-behind polar Yang fission body stopped opening the treasure chest.

The extreme yin body handed over the Xingtian axe and the anti-god battle armor in his hand, and let it go out to perform the task on behalf of the extreme yin body.

At this point in the game, three hours have passed.

With more than 100,000 players entering the Holy Land, the competition has become more and more fierce, and treasure chests have become more and more difficult to collect.

In fact, most of the treasure chests hidden in the Holy Land have been seized, and naturally there are more and more wolves and less meat.

After experiencing the fight with Ji Kongshen, Qin Feng realized something serious.

That is, the strength gap between him and the False God realm is too great!

If it wasn't for Ji Kongshen's carelessness, a face-to-face could instantly kill his extremely yin body.

In the next battle for the god-level treasure chest, he will soon encounter other False God realm powerhouses.

If he wants to capture the god-level treasure chest, with his current strength, it is very difficult to have a chance.

Therefore, he let the left-behind polar yang fission variant go out to perform the task on behalf of the polar yin body.

The very yin body stayed behind, began to digest the treasure chests opened during this time, and improved his strength...

After the polar yang fission body leaves, the polar yin body will display the law of life and fission out 128 polar yin fission bodies.

Afterwards, 128 extremely negative fission variants took out a Divine Essence and began to refine it...

At the same time, near Area 73, over a jungle.

Daokong and Luo Tian looked up at the sky in shock.

Just now, they heard that Tiandao announced that Qin Feng had obtained the second special treasure chest.

The news made them feel extremely shocked!

I can't be at peace for a long time! ,

After a long time, the two came back to their senses.

Luo Tian smiled bitterly: "Brother Daokong, half of the game has passed, and you and I are still 0 points this round. That Qin Feng actually got two special treasure chests, it's incredible!"

"Yeah! Two super treasure chests are worth 200 points! You can also open two treasures from the demigod level to the low level **** level, which is really enviable!"

Daokong was very emotional.

Luo Tian pondered again: "Brother Daokong, Luo suddenly felt that everyone underestimated Qin Feng? Look at his performance this way, it's really amazing. Just relying on cheating and luck, I'm afraid he can't do it. Are you here?"

Dao Kong took a deep breath of cold air: "That's right! This is what Dao is most worried about! Judging from the current indications, I have underestimated him! The deity suspects that he already has the strength of the peak of a demigod."

Luo Tian's expression changed slightly: "If that's the case! Then the trouble will be big! Others don't know his details, you and I know it well. He is a challenge! A challenger to the peak of the demigod is more harmful than virtual. God is even bigger in the early days!"

"After we go back, we must find a way to get rid of him as soon as possible! Otherwise, there will be endless troubles! After all, between our mysterious forces and challenging forces, we will never die! We must not let him grow any longer."

Daokong nodded slightly: "Indeed! It seems that after the deity returns this time, I will wake up my ancestors from a deep sleep. Perhaps, only he can deal with Qin Feng."

Hearing this, Luo Tian's eyes lit up.

Then, he was pleasantly surprised: "Brother Dao, if I guessed correctly, your ancestor has been sleeping for seven thousand years! He should have broken through to the False God realm, right?"

Daokong smiled proudly: "That's right! My ancestor broke through to the False God realm three hundred years ago!"

Luo Tian suddenly looked envious: "Tsk tsk! Your ancestor is really amazing!"

Daokong smiled: "The reason why my ancestor was able to break through was that he used our clan's six-path secret technique, reincarnation III, and obtained three times his lifespan. Otherwise, our clan would not be able to hide a False God realm powerhouse. "

It turned out that the lifespan of the demigod was 3000 years old.

The lifespan of the False God Realm is 10,000 years old.

The Patriarch of the Six Paths Clan passed the Six Paths Secret Technique and reincarnated for the third time, and actually obtained a 9,000-year-old life essence.

In this way, the ancestor has lived for more than 7,000 years, and relying on the torment of the years, he finally broke through the shackles of talent and broke through to the False God realm in one fell swoop.

Later, in order to stabilize his realm, he has been sleeping in the Six Dao Clan.

As for the existence of that ancestor, only a few people in the entire first division knew about it.

Luo Tian and Xing Gu both knew it.

However, now that Xing Gu has fallen, even fewer people know about it.

At this time, Luo Tian said again: "Brother Daokong, even if Qin Feng has the peak strength of a demigod, in front of the Six Dao ancestors, he will only be killed in seconds. The peak of demigods is unbearable in front of the early stage of false gods. hit!"

Hearing this, Dao Kong smiled without saying a word, and there was a hint of color in his eyes.

Because Lot is the truth!

The threshold combat power of False God Realm is 1.5 million stars.

And his family's six ancestors broke through to the False God realm three hundred years ago, and their combat power is more than 1.5 million stars.

With such strength, he can easily kill the pinnacle of demigods!

He is confident that as long as the ancestor makes a move, Qin Feng will surely die.

Thinking of this, he sneered: "Actually, killing Qin Feng has a lot of benefits. For example, if he got two special treasure chests this time, he will definitely get two treasures above the semi-god rank. My ancestors are half and half. God-level treasures are very interesting."

Luo Tian smiled and said, "Brother Daokong, as long as the Sixth Dao Patriarch kills Qin Feng, those two demigod-level treasures belong to your Patriarch! So, you go back and wake up your Patriarch this time. Blame you, but I will praise you!"

Dao Kong said with a smug smile: "Yes! That's what Dao thought. Now, let Qin Feng enjoy himself in the Holy Land for now. When he returns to the Blue Star Realm, it will be his death!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two looked at each other and smiled!

In this way, Daokong made up his mind that as soon as the opportunity of the Holy Land was over, the Hui people would wake up the sleeping ancestors of the Six Paths.

At the same time, Qin Feng's extremely yin body was in the zero-degree space, fully digesting this chance harvest.

His progress is also leaps and bounds!

Time flies!

Before you know it, five hours have passed.

There is only one hour left until the end of the game.

At this moment, all players with divine consciousness have already entered the first floor of the Holy Land.

The number of players in the Holy Land has reached 300,000, so it is naturally more difficult to search for treasure chests, and the competition is more intense.

In fact, at this moment, the high-level treasure chests in the Holy Land have been collected.

The primary treasure chest has also been searched for more than 95%

In this regard, Tiandao has announced a reminder.

Now, what everyone cares about is that god-level treasure chest, which has not been discovered yet.

Chapter 489: SS-level Primordial Law! The strength is great!

At this moment, there are players in every corner of the Holy Land.