Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

There are more and more fights.

Because the treasure chest was almost looted!

If you want to get the treasure chest, you have to get it by killing other players.

Even if you can't get a treasure chest, killing other players can also reveal three treasures, which is also a good choice.

As a result, all kinds of battles will naturally increase.

Qin Feng is naturally unwilling to spend time on boring battles, his goal is to find the god-level treasure chest.

At this time, over a certain sea area.

One of Qin Feng's polar yang fission variants hangs in the air, looking at the end of the sea, showing contemplation.

The first-layer area of ​​this holy land has basically been explored by 128 polar anode fission bodies.

Why haven't the traces of the god-level treasure chest been found?

It's unbelievable!

That polar yang fission variant is also helpless!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Seeing that it was less than an hour before the end of the game, the last god-level treasure chest was still missing.

All the places that should be detected have been detected, and the polar anode fission bodies do not know how to search.

According to this development, if the game is over, the god-level treasure chest may not be found.

what! correct!

There's one more place that hasn't been probed yet!

Thinking of this, the polar yang fission body quickly looked at the sea below him, thoughtfully.

Now there is only one place left unexplored, and that is the bottom of the sea!

I am afraid that most people will not think that the seabed can also be detected!

With this thought, the polar yang fission body will light up!

He felt that the god-level treasure chest was likely to be at the bottom of the sea.

At the moment, with a wave of his hand, white light flashed around, and all 128 polar yang fission bodies appeared.

boom! boom! boom!

In the next second, all 128 polar-yang fission bodies rushed into the seabed, causing the waves to surge into the sky.

In just a moment, 128 polar-yang fission bodies went deep into the bottom of the sea.

Afterwards, they dispersed and began a carpet-like search on the seabed...

It's not easy to search on the bottom of the sea.

Not only have to withstand the pressure of the sea water that is tens of thousands of meters deep, but also suffer from the huge resistance of the sea water, so the speed is naturally not fast.

And the depths of the sea are dark, the light and sight are very bad, and it is impossible for people to breathe, all kinds of factors are obstacles!

But all this is not a big problem for Qin Feng.

He has mastered the laws of the water system, and he is like a fish in water underwater, and the search speed is naturally much faster than those who do not master the laws of the water system.

In this way, Qin Feng's 128 polar anode fission bodies began to search on a large scale on the seabed...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, only the last half hour is left until the end of the game.

There are more and more battles in every corner of the Holy Land...

At the same moment, in the zero-degree space, something is also happening,

I saw that in the secret room, eight extreme Yin fission variants were sitting cross-legged.

But the combat power and aura emanating from each of them reached the threshold of the pinnacle of demigods.

It turned out that this time, only eight fission variants were fissioned from the very negative body.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Refining Divine Soul Pill succeeded! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, reaching the pinnacle level of a demigod... Your combat power has increased by 20,000 stars. 】

[Your skill 'Soul Destruction Eye' has advanced to the ninth-order premium level. 】

Boom!

As soon as this hint came out, the momentum of the eight extremely yin fission suddenly skyrocketed, and it improved a lot.

After a while, one of them slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Just now, he refined the last Divine Soul Pill.

The improvement of Qin Feng's soul body realm is the result of refining 27 soul pills.

[Refining God Bone Pill succeeded! Your whole body bones have been crystallized and super-strengthened... Your combat power has increased by 20,000 stars]

[Your inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' has advanced to the ninth-order superb level...]

Boom!

The momentum of the eight fission bodies has skyrocketed again.

Immediately afterwards, the second fission body opened his eyes with joy.

Just now he refined the last Divine Bone Pill.

Qin Feng's whole body skeleton, completely crystallized, is the result of 31 divine bone pills.

[Refining the White Tiger Divine Blood (Superior) Successfully! Your bloodline talent has advanced to the pinnacle of SS rank... Your combat power has increased by 30,000 stars]

[Your inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' has advanced to the demigod level...]

The third fission opened his eyes with joy.

This time, Qin Feng's Tongtian hegemony body has been promoted to the level of a demigod, and his power has been greatly improved!

This is also his first demigod skill.

[Refining the Divine Marrow Pill succeeded! Your hematopoietic ability is enhanced tenfold]

[Refining the Divine Marrow Pill succeeded! Your refining speed of blood has increased ten times again]

[Refining the Divine Marrow Pill succeeded! The power of your bloodline is once again activated... Your combat power has increased by 20,000 stars]

[Refining the Divine Marrow Pill succeeded! You have acquired the ninth-order best skill - rebirth from a drop of blood]

At this time, the fourth fission variant opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

[Refining and Knowledge Enhancement Pill succeeded! The scanning range of your consciousness has been increased to a radius of 70,000 miles...]

[Your skill 'Spiritual Consciousness' has advanced to the ninth-order superb level...]

The fifth fission variant also opened his eyes with joy.

This is also the result of his refining dozens of knowledge enhancement pills.

[The refining space talent advanced card is successful! Your A-level talent space control advancement is S-level space law talent]

[You awakened the S-level space law and acquired the skill to teleport. 】

The sixth fission variant also opened his eyes.

It turned out that his previous space talent was only the most basic space control, and now he has been promoted to space law again.

In this way, he has a stronger grasp of space, and has mastered two kinds of space skills.

[Refining the Sacred Artifact Suzaku Sacred Heart succeeded! You have acquired the legacy skill - Nirvana Rebirth. 】

The seventh fission variant also opened his eyes with joy.

Afterwards, the seven fission bodies stood up and looked at each other with joy on their faces.

They finally digested all the results of opening the treasure chest.

This time, they refined not only the Holy Land Divine Essence, but also a large number of divine pills and strange objects.

This has made Qin Feng's strength an earth-shaking improvement.

At this moment, Qin Feng's various treasure chests have been opened, leaving only four high-level treasure boxes, two super-class treasure boxes, and two open sky-level treasure boxes that have not been opened.

All this, just wait for the last god-level treasure chest to appear, and then go to open the treasure chest.

As for those treasure chests that have been opened, Qin Feng has harvested extremely rich resources, and he has obtained more than 1,100 Divine Essences from the Holy Land.

There are countless other kinds of magic pills and strange objects, and even five ninth-order weapons and equipment.

In short, his harvest is full, and it can be said that he is very rich.

In this round of points alone, he scored 1,946 points, surpassing the previous two rounds.

Of course, his points don't stop there.

Because there are still two high-level treasure chests and two super-class treasure chests, which have not been opened yet.

The four chests have another 220 points.

call!

The resources that should be digested have basically been digested!

The only pity is that the Holy Land Divine Essence has a refining upper limit. After refining to a thousand pieces, refining it again has no effect.

As a result, Qin Feng still has more than 700 Divine Essences in his hands, so there is no way to continue refining.

However, that doesn't matter.

He could use the more than 700 Divine Essences to cultivate Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue.

The stronger the strength of these three girls, the more battle power they sacrificed to him, and the greater the benefit to him.

By the way, there is also an unhatched messenger of death - Jumang.

After the little guy is born, he can also be fed with Divine Essence to make it grow faster.

Having said that, Jumang should be the one with the best talent and potential among his four messengers, surpassing Feng Xi.

After all, that little guy's spiritual egg has reached the divine level.

Specifically, it is the demigod level.

As long as it hatches successfully, it will break through to the demigod realm in the future, without the slightest threshold, and the growth rate will be far faster than Fengxi's three daughters.

Qin Feng is full of expectations for it.

In short, his trip to the Holy Land this time has been extremely successful.

Now, his strength has been greatly improved.

It's just that I don't know how big the gap is from the early stage of False God?

This depends on the refining results of the eighth fission body.

Thinking of this, the seven extreme yin fission variants all looked at the eighth extreme yin fission variant.

At this moment, the eighth fission is sitting cross-legged, closing his eyes and refining...

The items he refined this time were not obtained from the Holy Land.

But before Qin Feng entered the Holy Land, he got the S-level 'Hunyuan' talent awakening card.

It was obtained when killing the 'Chaos Demon', and it can only be refined when the eighth sense is awakened.

During the second round of competition in the Holy Land, Qin Feng awakened his eighth sense and was qualified for the Refining Talent Awakening Card.

Just refining the awakening card, it took too long, he kept it in the storage ring, and did not refine it.

Until this round of competition, he finally had a lot of free time to let an extremely yin fission variant to refine.

Just when the fission bodies were thinking wildly, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

Boom!

I saw that the eighth fission body suddenly lit up with a dazzling nine-color aura, and the body was roaring constantly.

The next second, the nine-color auras began to blend with each other!

Boom!