Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The roar in the eighth body is even more intense!

The aura of his body also began to skyrocket wildly, and the nine elements of vitality in the entire room began to agitate...

The rest of the fission bodies saw this scene, and they all showed surprises...

In just a moment, the nine-color spiritual light on the eighth body melted into one color, turning into gray-white, but the coercion emanating from the aura increased several times, and there was a faint power of divine power...

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[The Refining Talent Awakening Card is successful! Your nine laws of gold, wood, water, wood, earth, wind, thunder, light, and darkness are merged into SS-level talent laws—Hunyuan method]

[Congratulations on your successful integration of SS-level 'Hunyuan Law', your combat power has increased by 50,000 stars. 】

[SS-level Primordial Law: This talent can restrain any talent of the nine series. 】

[Any type of attack of the nine elements, such as gold, wood, water, fire, soil, etc., will halve the damage to you. 】

[Any defensive means of the nine elements, such as gold, wood, water, fire, etc., will greatly weaken the ability to resist the attack of the law of Hunyuan. 】

Ha ha!

done!

It's finally done!

The fission bodies are ecstatic!

At this point, Qin Feng has four SS-level talents, namely: Awakening of Eight Consciousnesses, Bloodline Talent, Reincarnation of Life and Death, and Primordial Law.

His overall strength has skyrocketed again!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: It is detected that you have awakened the SS-level soul element law, and then you can get the SSS-level chaos law talent by integrating the SS-level space-time law. 】

[SS-level space-time laws are made up of the fusion of S-level space laws and S-level time laws. 】

good! good!

The eight fission variants laughed!

Their body is only one time away from the SSS-level Chaos Law.

Having said that, Qiyue's time talent is still A-level time manipulation. How far is it from the S-level time law?

0

According to his estimation, Qi Yue's perception of time is increasing day by day, and it is estimated that promotion to the S-level time law should not be far away.

As long as Qiyue's time control is promoted to S-level time law, he can control the sharing of vocation skills, and obtain S-level time law from Qiyue.

It turns out that the sharing of insights can only share the law talent above S rank.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the progress of Qiyue's time talent.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Holy Land Announcement: The primary treasure chest, advanced treasure chest, and special treasure chest in this round of luck have all been acquired. Only one god-level treasure chest has yet to be acquired. 】

[Holy Land Announcement: There are still 23 minutes left until the end of this round of chance competition, cheers, players! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the entire Holy Land was in an uproar again.

Some players even cried out!

The treasure chest is gone, and many people are still empty-handed and have no last hope.

Especially the wailing sounds near Area 73 were the most intense.

Because of the players in area 73, most of the players are 0 points.

Even many people have been killed, and they have been deducted 10 points.

This round of chance was a disaster for the players in Area 73!

In the secret room, the eight extreme yin fission variants heard the news and couldn't help but take a deep breath.

Only the last god-level treasure chest is left!

He should do his best too!

Having said that, he has digested all the resources that can be improved. I wonder what the current strength is?

call out! call out! call out!

As soon as the mind moved, the eight fission variants merged into one.

The extreme yin itself manifests itself.

Then, he couldn't wait to open the panel and check his latest data.

[Level]: Level 47 87.42%

[Tibet]: Level 42 63.51%

[Realm]: Earth Level (Anti-God Level)

[Reputation]: 1800 points (God-defying)

[Basic combat power]: 763,000 stars

After reading these, the face of the extreme yin body showed ecstasy.

763,000 stars, this is just the basic combat power.

If you add the power of foundation building, the anti-god armor and the Xingtian axe, the sacrificial power of Feng Xi's three daughters.

His comprehensive strength should be close to 1.3 million stars, not far from the 1.5 million star threshold of False God Realm.

If he goes to the Outer Stars now and breaks through to the heaven-level realm, then there is a high probability that he will reach 1.5 million stars and enter the threshold of the False God realm.

By then, he is a powerhouse.

Thinking of this, the extreme yin body's heart is full of fire.

Having said that, the guardian spirit of the special treasure chest is the Demon King with a combat power of 1 million stars.

The guardian spirit of the god-level treasure chest has a high probability of being at the False God level.

It can be seen that the god-level treasure chest is not anyone who is qualified to obtain it.

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, the very yin body's mind moved, and he raised his head and looked in a certain direction.

That is the direction of the sea area that the 128 polar sun fission bodies are searching for.

One of the polar yang fission bodies seems to have found the trace of the god-level treasure chest

Chapter 490 The combat power is soaring! Jumang evolution!

At this moment, in the endless depths of the sea.

A polar yang fission variant of Qin Feng is looking forward excitedly.

Just now, his consciousness detected that there was a huge ocean trench deep in front of him.

And deep in the trench, there is an incomparably huge altar with a shining treasure chest on it.

Needless to say, it was a god-level treasure chest.

However, he is a little far from the altar now, so he has to hurry over.

In order not to be a step late, don't let other players get in first, but it's not good!

Thinking of this, the polar yang fission variant made a move.

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, white light flashed around him, and all 128 polar yang fission variants arrived.

Now that the location of the god-level treasure chest has been found, he does not need to split out countless clones and search everywhere.

In the next second, 128 fission bodies fuse into one!

The polar body is here!

The momentum has skyrocketed hundreds of times!

After the integration was completed, he dived towards the distant trench

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

The extremely yin body sensed it, and the extremely yang body has gone to the altar.

He withdrew his gaze, his eyes full of joy.

Finally found the location of the god-level treasure chest.

With 23 minutes left, the game will be over.

He hopes to capture the treasure chest within 20 minutes.

After all, after capturing the treasure box, he still has to crack the seal of divine sense on the treasure box and open the treasure box.

These all take time!

Otherwise, as soon as the match ends, any unopened chests will disappear.

All in all, time is a bit tight!

I don't know how strong the guardian spirit of the god-level treasure chest is?

At the thought of the last guardian spirit, Ji Yin's body was still a little uneasy.

Thinking of this, he quickly waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him.

Three pretty figures appeared in front of him, it was Feng Xi's three daughters.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When the three women saw the extremely yin body, they were very happy.

The very negative body also looked at them with a smile.

Seeing this, there was a look of relief in his eyes.

The three women retreated for more than five hours, which is equivalent to more than fifty hours outside.

During such a long period of time, the three women have refined a lot of divine essence, and their strength has improved greatly. Even their appearance has changed a little, and they have become more beautiful and moving.

For example, Feng Xi, who was originally beautiful and moving, is now a little more beautiful, and her temperament is a little more noble than before.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Her combat power has reached 170,000 stars, which is not too far from the threshold of a demigod.

Xiao Luan'er has been a beauty embryo since she was a child, and now she has grown a lot taller and has become more lovely.

The little guy's combat power has reached 140,000 stars.

Looking at Qiyue again, the hair looks like a water spirit, a pure temperament, and a beauty like a fairy.

Her combat power has reached 120,000 stars, which is the limit of the peak of the sky.

In this way, the total combat power of the three women is 430,000 stars, which can sacrifice Qin Feng with a combat power of 300,000 stars.

300,000 star combat power!

This sacrifice is really scary!

Extremely satisfied with the cathode body!

Having said that, he also has such means.

He is an extremely rare high-level trial master.

Having said that, he was very curious, what would you be if the senior trial master was promoted up?

"Dad, is the game over?"

Xiao Luan'er's voice interrupted Jiyin's wild thoughts.

"Um!"