Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The extremely yin body smiled slightly, and started a seal in his hand.

hum! hum!

The next second, he and Xiao Luan'er lit up at the same time.

Feelings and sharing start!

Boom!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Suddenly, Xiao Luan'er's consciousness roared constantly, and a lot of information poured into her mind.

She closed her eyes and realized...

[Initiated sharing of insights: You shared your insights on the S-class 'laws of space' with the light messenger 'Xiaoluan'er...]

【Share your insights and share your success! Your light messenger 'Little Luan'er succeeded in comprehending, and his A-level talent "Space Control" was automatically promoted to S-level talent "Space Law"]

[Your messenger of light, 'Little Luan', automatically realized the ninth-order skill - space cutting technique. 】

After a while, the sharing of insights is over!

Xiao Luan'er opened her eyes with joy.

Her spatial talent has finally been promoted to S rank.

In this way, she also has two S-level talents, namely the law of extreme sun and the law of space.

Even better, she also acquired a ninth-order skill - space cutting.

As a result, her comprehensive strength has skyrocketed.

"Dad! You are so kind! It's still Dad who treats Luan'er well! Hee hee!"

The little guy was full of surprises, happily hugged the arm of the extreme yin body, and acted coquettishly.

She was so happy.

The very yin body also fondly touched her little head.

"Little guy, now your spatial talent has been promoted to S rank, and your strength has improved a lot. Under the demigods, few people are your opponents."

As soon as these words fell, Feng Xi and Qi Yue understood what was going on, and they both showed a relieved smile.

They are also happy for Xiao Luan'er.

"By the way, since you have retreated, the Holy Land's Divine Essence is almost consumed, right?"

The very negative body asked casually.

Feng Xi replied respectfully, "Master, there are 4 left."

The very yin body nodded slightly: "As expected! There are 500 divine essences in this storage ring, you can refine them!"

The three girls were surprised!

Feng Xi hurriedly said: "Master, Shen Yuan is very important to you. Why did you give us so much at once?"

Qi Yue also said: "Yes! Master! You are more suitable than us to refine these divine essences!"

The very yin body smiled and said: "Although the divine essence is good, it cannot be refined without limit. According to the law of heaven, refining to a thousand is the limit, and refining it again has no effect. I have refined a thousand. So there is no need for further refining."

Xiao Luan'er was surprised: "Dad, you have refined a thousand grains! So fast!"

Feng Xi and Qi Yue were also amazed!

The master's means are really amazing!

At the moment, the three girls understood the situation, happily took the storage ring, and happily went to retreat again.

Seeing the backs of the three women leaving, Jiyin smiled gratified.

After refining the five hundred Divine Essence, the strength of the three girls will increase greatly, and the help to him will be even greater.

At that time, he will take the three daughters to participate in the Heaven-level realm assessment.

Having said that, he gave the three daughters 500 Divine Essence, and he still had more than 200 Divine Essence in his hand, which was reserved for Jumang.

Next, he only expects Jumang to hatch as soon as possible.

Just when this thought came to mind, a wave of spiritual power came from the next room, and it was actually the mangling egg calling him.

"Hey! That little guy woke up!"

The eyes of the extremely negative body lit up.

Since the last time, Qin Feng fed Jumang Ling Egg a drop of blood essence, and Ling Egg has fallen into a deep sleep.

Now, the little guy is awake!

At the moment, the extreme yin body has a teleportation and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in the next room, and as soon as he saw it, there was a cyan battle pet egg lying quietly in the center of the room, which was exactly the sentence mangling egg!

When the extreme yin body appeared, the Jumang spirit egg lit up with a faint aura, emitting soft mental power fluctuations, expressing joy and intimacy to the extreme yin body.

This little guy has finished refining the blood essence last time, and before he knew it, there was a blood connection with Qin Feng.

Therefore, as soon as the very yin body appears, it is as happy as seeing a relative.

The very yin body could understand its thoughts, and suddenly felt warm in his heart, and walked over with a smile.

After counting the time, it was time for him to feed this little guy a second drop of blood essence.

Thinking of this, the very yin body cut off his fingertips and squeezed out a drop of blood essence.

As soon as the essence and blood appeared, it was fragrant, and it also had its own glow, which was extraordinary at first glance.

Today, Qin Feng's bloodline talent is at the peak of SS level.

In addition, he has awakened the talent of blood, which has fully activated the power of blood.

Therefore, the quality of his blood essence has been infinitely close to the blood of the gods.

The blood of the gods is generally SSS-level bloodline vitality, which is extremely precious.

pat!

A soft sound!

That drop of blood dripped on the eggshell.

In the next second, the blood essence was completely absorbed by the spirit egg at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Then, a vision suddenly appeared!

I saw that the spirit egg was shining brightly, and a line of innate dao patterns automatically appeared on it, exuding an ancient and mysterious atmosphere.

At the same moment, the spirit egg's aura soared and doubled.

The next second, Tiandao sent a prompt.

[Reminder: Your pet 'Jumang Spirit Egg' has evolved after absorbing the blood essence, and has advanced from the demigod rank to the peak of the demigod rank. 】

"Hey! It's actually evolved!"

Extremely negative body surprises!

Unexpectedly, his blood essence is so useful.

If he keeps feeding like this, is it possible for the spiritual egg to evolve to the low-level **** rank?

The more I think about the negative body, the more I think it is possible!

Because the more essence and blood absorbed, the greater the energy obtained, and the greater the probability of evolution.

It would be wonderful if the Jumang Spirit Egg evolves to a low-grade **** rank!

The demigod level corresponds to the demigod realm.

The low-grade **** rank corresponds to the virtual **** realm.

Having said that, low-grade god-level pet eggs are more precious than low-grade artifacts.

In fact, low-grade artifacts are already extremely rare.

Many False God realm powers do not necessarily have one.

As for the pets of the low-rank gods, it is even more difficult to obtain.

At this time, the battle pet egg again exuded mental fluctuations, expressing joy to the extreme yin body.

The very negative body also laughed!

This little guy has a lot of growth potential!

He is also full of expectations for the hatching of the little guy.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder,

[Reminder: Your skill 'Body of Two Instruments' is about to be used to the upper limit of time, and there are currently 5 minutes left before the upper limit time. 】

what!

It's almost the limit!

The very negative body was shocked!

The Body of Two Instruments is an SS-level reincarnation talent, a gifted skill.

The current usage limit is 72 hours.

He used the zero-degree space and used it up and down, and it was close to the upper limit of use.

Once the time limit is reached, the skill will automatically expire.

It will take a while for it to continue to be used.

In short, he has to hurry to join the body of Ji Yang.

Having said that, Jiyang's body is about to arrive at its destination.

Thinking of this, the very yin body quickly pinched the seal and launched the sacrifice of faith.

Immediately, white light flashed on his body, and his combat power was soaring, reaching 1.07 million stars in a blink of an eye.

Then, he waved again, and the God-defying Battle Armor and Xingtian Axe appeared out of thin air.

hum!

click! click! click!

In the next second, he held the axe and wore divine armor, completing the integration of human and machine.

Its combat power has once again skyrocketed to 1.3 million stars!

Extremely negative body rejoice!

1.3 million star combat power!

The 1.5 million-star combat power of the False God threshold is not far away.

However, Qin Feng has mastered a variety of S-level talents and SS-level talents, and his comprehensive strength cannot be determined by common sense.

Therefore, he also dared to compete with the threshold level powerhouses of the False God. 4.7

Thinking of this, the very yin body smiled confidently, turned into white light, and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, the first floor of the Holy Land was deep in the bottom of the sea.

The body of the polar sun has entered the depths of the seabed hundreds of thousands of feet deep in the trench.

At the bottom of the hundreds of thousands of feet of ocean trenches, it was pitch black and there was hardly any light source.

The endless water pressure is even more terrifying!

But for the polar body that has mastered the laws of the water system, all this is not a problem at all.

At this moment, he looked forward with excitement.

The god-level treasure chest is 30,000 feet ahead.

At this time, he had already seen the aura on the altar, and it was particularly bright in the depths of this dark trench.

call out!

A white light flashed beside him, and the extreme yin itself manifested itself.

At the moment, the two main bodies are combined into one!