Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng appeared!

He breathed a sigh of relief.

There are still five minutes of time to display the body of the two ceremonies, and he wants to stay and use it as a hole card.

Therefore, he can't keep the body of the two rituals all the time, and it takes time to cast.

After the integration was completed, Qin Feng rushed to the altar in front of him.

But at this moment, a strange wave of water flow came from the front.

He was startled, and quickly looked in the direction of the change, and saw a figure swimming from the top of the trench to the bottom of the trench.

Qin Feng was greatly surprised when he saw a halo appeared behind the man's head.

There is a halo behind the head, which is the characteristic of the False God realm!

The person who came was actually a False God realm powerhouse!

It seems that he also discovered the storage of the god-level treasure chest.

Chapter 491 The snipe and clam compete, the fisherman wins!

Qin Feng secretly said that it is not good!

A guardian spirit is extremely difficult to deal with, and another False God realm power to **** it will be even more troublesome.

correct!

Suddenly, his heart moved, and his body suddenly turned into a cloud of white mist, merging into the surrounding sea water.

So far, he disappeared without a trace!

Qin Feng used the fog concealment technique!

This technique is performed by him, which is much stronger than the polar yang fission body, and the concealment effect is excellent.

His SS-level talent, Awakening of Eight Consciousnesses, has a great blessing on the Hidden Mist Technique.

Even stronger, his soul body strength has reached the peak of a demigod, and he also has blessings on the fog concealment technique.

With his current strength, using the fog concealment technique, there are only a few people at the peak of the demigod who can detect him.

As for the powerhouses in the early stage of the False God, it is hard to say.

However, the environment he is in is under the seabed, which is very conducive to the display of fog concealment.

Perhaps in this case, it is not easy for the powerhouses in the early stage of the False God to find him.

Of course, if the person here is a mid-stage False God, I am afraid that the fog concealment technique will have no effect.

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and quietly approached the altar in an atomized state.

When he was only ten thousand feet away from the altar, he stopped.

This distance, he can reach it with a teleport!

At this time, the people came.

Qin Feng was secretly spying away from people.

I saw that the person who came was a red-haired old man with a red flame mark between his eyebrows and a circle of gods behind his head. His temperament was noble and majestic.

The realm aura emanating from his body is suddenly the early stage of False God.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, it is the power of the False God in the early stage. If it is the power of the middle stage of the False God, he is afraid that it will be difficult to grab the treasure chest this time.

In addition, judging from the law fluctuations emanating from the old man, he exudes a variety of law fluctuations, of which the fire element is the strongest, but there is no water element law fluctuation.

If you don't master the laws of the water system, you will suffer at the bottom of the sea.

For the same reason, he wanted to find Qin Feng more difficult.

These discoveries made Qin Feng secretly delighted. He stayed where he was and observed silently.

He still didn't dare to get too close, and he didn't dare to use his skills to spy, after all, the other party was an early stage False God.

As long as there is a slight disturbance at 19 o'clock, it is easy to be found.

And if you get too close, it's easier to be spotted!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

At the same moment, the old man had already swam close to the altar, only a hundred feet away.

It really is a treasure chest!

At this moment, the old man looked at the treasure chest in front of him and was extremely excited.

His name is Heavenly Fire God, from Heavenly Fire Realm!

Before collecting the treasure chest, he thought that he was a great power in the early stage of the False God, and he should get a special treasure chest no matter what.

But he didn't want to, he was empty-handed!

Of the three special treasure chests, two were taken by Qin Feng from the Blue Star Realm, and one was taken by the Jikong God from the Northern Heaven Realm.

That Extreme Kong God is a mid-stage False God powerful!

He had already heard about it!

The Northern Heaven Realm is also a big star realm!

On the contrary, it was the Blue Star Realm, which he had never heard of before.

As for Qin Feng from the Blue Star Realm, he was able to get two special treasure chests by himself, and he was probably a mid-stage False God.

However, even if these two great masters get the special treasure chest, they are not as lucky as him!

Because he is about to get a god-level treasure chest!

The value of a god-level treasure chest is equivalent to ten special-level treasure chests!

Thinking of this, the God of Fire is extremely excited!

At this moment, he excitedly looked at the god-level treasure chest in front of him!

Before he knew it, he was only thirty feet away from the altar!

At this moment, Tianhuo Shen stopped and looked around cautiously.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was a little nervous.

Soon, the gaze of the **** of fire swept away from Qin Feng's hiding place, but he didn't find it.

The next second, he looked relaxed, thinking that the surroundings were safe, and he was alone in the depths of the trench.

Having said that, he also had a whim, and only thought of coming to the bottom of the sea to find the god-level treasure chest, but he did not expect to find it.

It seems that he is still smart, and there should be no second thought that the god-level treasure chest is hidden in the depths of the sea!

Tianhuo Shen thought proudly in his heart.

Next, it's time for him to take the treasure chest!

call out!

I saw a flash of white light in the hands of the God of Fire, and there was an extra long red sword, emitting ten rays of brilliance.

It was a demigod weapon!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng muttered in his heart, the low-grade artifacts are really precious!

The old man in front of him was a great power in the early stage of the False God, and the weapons he used were still at the half-god level, not even at the low-level **** level.

hum!

At this moment, the red long knife vibrated, emitting a dazzling red light!

In the next second, human and machine will be one!

Done in an instant!

Heavenly Vulcan's aura skyrocketed, suddenly reaching 1.8 million stars!

Qin Feng was a little surprised!

With such strength, he is afraid that he is not an opponent!

After all, his combat power is only 1.3 million stars when he is fully calculated, and the difference between the two sides is a full 500,000 stars!

Swish!

At this moment, Tianhuo Shen slashed with all his strength and slashed towards the protective mask of the altar in front!

Boom!

That knife cut off, forming a thousand-zhang flame long knife, which instantly boiled the surrounding sea water, causing the seabed to violently churn, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

In the blink of an eye, the knife was close to the top of the mask!

Roar!

At this moment, a shocking roar came from the mask, causing the entire trench to shake!

Immediately afterwards, a guardian spirit with a height of 100 meters, a human head and a snake body, and a dragon horn, rushed out of the altar in an instant and met the knife!

Qin Feng hurriedly probed for the guardian spirit

[Evil Object]: Guardian Spirit (Spirit of Holy Land)

[Realm]: Threshold of False God Realm

[Level]: Level 90

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Origin]: The evil spirit of the guardian god-level treasure chest.

Knew it!

The guardian spirit of the guardian god-level treasure chest has reached the level of the virtual god!

boom!

It was at this moment that the Guardian God threw a punch!

I saw its giant fist covered with cyan dragon scales, and instantly met the flame sword!

boom!

A loud bang!

The sea burst!

Shake the earth!

click! click! click!

Large areas of seabed are rapidly cracking!

In the next second, one person and one spirit groaned at the same time, and each retreated back!

The God of Fire retreated more than a thousand feet before he stabilized his body!

The protector of the spirit retreated more than three thousand feet before he stabilized his body!

In this round, the God of Fire has the upper hand!

"Damn!"

Tianhuo spit out angrily!

He is a 1.8 million star combat power!

The aura of the Guardian Spirit is about 1.5 million stars, which is much worse than him.

But this is the bottom of the sea, which has greatly weakened the fire attack that he is good at.

In this way, his damage to the Guardian God was greatly reduced!

Otherwise, in the round just now, he would be able to blast the Guardian God out tens of thousands of meters away, not 3000 meters away!

Roar!