"Hey!"

Tianhuoshen stomped his feet in a hurry, and chose Jiyang body to chase and kill him.

Sensing that the two gods of fire were chasing separately, the two main bodies laughed.

This is exactly what Qin Feng wanted

Chapter 492: Kill the Guardian God! Upgrade again and again!

At this moment, Qin Feng's two main bodies both exerted the law of water and the law of speed, and quickly escaped underwater.

Under the blessing of the two laws, his speed is extremely fast!

Roar!

While roaring, the guardian spirit chasing towards the extreme yin body!

However, it only mastered the law of the water system, and did not have the law of speed, and it was severely damaged.

On the other side, the God of Vulcan is powerful, with a combat power of 1.8 million stars, turning the sea floor upside down.

However, he has neither the law of the water system nor the law of speed, and the speed of escaping on the seabed is greatly reduced.

This makes his speed not much faster than Jiyang's body!

"damn it!"

The **** of fire roared furiously!

He finally inflicted heavy damage on the guardian god, and he could get the god-level treasure chest, but was robbed by the little thief in front of him!

Seeing that the game time is coming to an end, if he can't catch up, I'm afraid he will miss the god-level treasure chest.

Thinking of this, Tianhuo Shen's whole body burst into red light, and his aura suddenly increased by another point.

Boom!

In the next second, his speed increased by one point, stirring the bottom of the sea to tumble, and the sea surface was even more monstrous.

In just a moment, he finally caught up behind Ji Yang's body, and the two sides were only a few dozen feet apart.

At this time, he finally saw the realm of Ji Yang's body!

"Huh! Earth-level realm?"

The **** of fire opened his eyes in disbelief!

The speed of a prefecture-level realm is so fast!

how can that be? !

Is this kid really at the Earth level?

No matter how much!

If this little thief dares to pick his peaches, he will die!

boom!

The God of Fire slashed at the back of Jiyang's body with all his strength!

Slash that knife!

The flame sword suddenly appeared!

The surrounding sea water boils instantly!

The depths of ten thousand feet were all split into two halves!

That terrifying knife instantly approached the back of Jiyang's body, and its momentum was devastating!

He's going to split this nasty little thief in half!

At the same moment, Ji Yang's body also sensed the attack of the knife, and the speed was extremely fast.

He was too late to dodge!

hum!

In a critical situation, his whole body shone with red light, and instantly activated the demigod-level skill - Tongtian Tyrant Body!

click! click! click!

In an instant, his body skyrocketed, and his muscles were knotted!

hum! hum!

Immediately afterwards, a gray light and a black light lit up on his body.

That's why he launched the S-level Extreme Yin Law and the SS-level Primordial Law!

The law of extreme yin can absorb a lot of damage!

The Law of Hunyuan restrains all nine-element attacks and reduces their damage by half!

Seeing this scene, Tianhuo God's eyes showed disdain!

A small prefecture-level realm, even if the speed is fast?

Do you think that with these, you can resist his sword?

It's a crazy dream!

Although the speed of Ji Yang's body is extremely amazing, the realm is too low, and Tianhuo God looks down on it from the bottom of his heart.

In his opinion, no matter how powerful Ji Yang's body is, it will not be exaggerated to compare with the demigod realm!

And his strength can instantly kill the demigod realm!

So, this little thief is dead!

Swish!

That knife cut down fiercely!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The 1.8 million-star terrifying combat power has been released!

He slashed fiercely on the back of Jiyang's body!

Bang!

A huge muffled sound!

Ji Yang's body groaned, and it was split thousands of feet away!

But in the next second, he turned over and continued to flee forward, unscathed!

The God of Fire is stunned!

how can that be? !

Under his knife, this kid is actually fine!

At that moment, he almost thought he was dazzled!

He thought that he could kill Ji Yang's body with one knife.

Unexpectedly, the defensive power of Jiyang's body is actually stronger than that of the Guardian God!

The **** of fire was completely dumbfounded!

But just in a daze, Ji Yang's body has escaped tens of thousands of feet.

"Damn!"

The **** of fire was so frightened that he hurriedly chased after him!

At the same time, the anode body was also full of surprises.

His main body is used to draw away the God of Fire, after all, he is not the opponent of God of Fire.

It's just that he didn't expect that his defense was so terrifying that he was unharmed under that knife.

This is because, in addition to the Heavenly Domination Body and the Extreme Yin Law reaching the semi-god rank, there is also an SS-level Primordial Law that plays a huge role.

The Law of Hunyuan can restrain all the laws of the Nine Elements!

Any attack by the Nine Elements against Qin Feng will automatically halve the damage.

Only space, time, soul, bloodline and other attacks will not be suppressed by the law of Hunyuan!

But most of the attacks in the world are in the category of the nine elements. It is too difficult not to be suppressed!

For example, the attack of the God of Fire contains the power of the fire element, belonging to one of the nine elements, which is just restrained by the law of Hunyuan.

In this way, the damage he caused to the main body of the polar sun was greatly weakened!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is ecstatic!

You must know that the God of Vulcan is 500,000 stars stronger than him!

He is very satisfied with this result!

The Hunyuan Law is really useful!

It is simply another big trump card for the battle of leaps and bounds!

Boom!

At this moment, the sea water surged behind him, and the God of Fire chased him up again.

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

boom!

Tianhuo God slashed at the back of Jiyang's body again, with more power than before!

He didn't believe it. He was so powerful that he couldn't kill an earth-level ant? !

Bang!

Another muffled sound!

Ji Yang's body was split by him again!

But in the next second, Ji Yang's body was completely fine again, and continued to escape...

The **** of fire jumped in anger and continued to chase and kill...

boom! boom! boom!

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In this way, Tianhuoshen chased and slashed all the way, but there was no way to take the Jiyang body.

It's just that he didn't realize that the distance between him and the Guardian God was getting farther and farther!

Before I knew it, nearly five minutes had passed.

The **** of fire and the **** of protection are nearly 100,000 miles apart, which is beyond the scope of divine awareness.

This is the power of the False God!

All are terrifyingly fast!

Boom!

It was another earth-shattering movement, and the God of Vulcan once again killed behind Ji Yang's body.

"Little thief! Die!"

Swish!

The God of Vulcan slashed down again with all his might!

He wants to see, how long can this kid last?

He couldn't believe it, he couldn't kill this little thief!

Boom!

The sword that burned the sky and executed the sea fell instantly!

Seeing that he is about to slash the body of the polar sun again...

But at this moment, the corners of Ji Yang's body twitched slightly, secretly thinking that the display of the body of the two extremes was about to reach its limit, and everything should be over.