Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

call out!

As soon as his mind moved, it turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air!

boom!

The sword of the **** of fire suddenly split into the air, and directly split a huge trench on the bottom of the sea!

The next second, he was dumbfounded!

What about people?

Why is that kid gone?

The **** of fire was a little panicked!

The god-level treasure chest he finally found!

Now that he can't even see the shadow of Ji Yang's body, how can he get back the treasure chest?

Thinking of this, the God of Fire hurriedly swept the surroundings with his divine sense, but he didn't even find half a figure.

In the next second, his shocking roar sounded in the field! ...

At the same time, the seabed 100,000 miles away.

The very negative body is escaping rapidly!

The Guardian Spirit followed closely behind him.

Suddenly, the very yin body seemed to sense something, stopped abruptly, turned to look at the guardian god...

Roar!

When the guardian **** saw the extreme yin body stopped, his heart was ecstatic!

It finally had a chance to shoot!

Boom!

With a roar, the guardian spirit slaughtered over, and the only remaining claw was grabbed towards the extreme yin body.

It wants to crush this human being alive!

Any human who dares to steal the treasure chest will not let it go!

In the blink of an eye, that claw approached the face of the extremely yin body!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

call out!

I saw one side, a flash of white light!

The anode body appeared out of thin air!

Swish!

Ji Yang's body slashed at the one-armed God of Protection with an axe!

This sudden sneak attack made it too late for the Guardian Spirit to react!

Axe flashes!

Click!

Blood shot!

The sea turns red!

The one arm of the Guardian God was cut off!

Terrible roar!

Echoing on the bottom of the sea!

Its momentum also plummeted again!

But before it could react, the extreme yin body slashed down again!

Click!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With this knife, the very yin body split it into two halves, and the shrill roar echoed on the bottom of the sea!

In this way, the guardian **** was killed by the two main bodies.

Of course, if the Guardian Spirit had not been severely damaged and his strength had plummeted, it would not have been possible to kill him so quickly even if the Ji Yang body had a sneak attack.

call!

Finally killed it!

The two main bodies looked at each other and smiled, and both breathed a sigh of relief.

In the next second, they are one!

Qin Feng appeared!

At this moment, the time limit for his body of two ceremonies has also arrived.

Everything is complete!

At this time, the body of the protector of spirits shattered inch by inch, turning into a sky full of stars!

The next second, a dazzling white light flew out of the starlight and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You succeeded in killing the Guardian God, and obtained +50 billion energy points, +30 billion judgment points...]

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light...

[You have been promoted to Level 43 Judgment Master (Advanced)! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

The vocation has been upgraded again!

ã€Your level has been promoted to level 48! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 200 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 200 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 200 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 200 points! ã€‘

ã€You get 100 free attributes! ã€‘

Qin Feng smiled again.

Very nice harvest!

His vocation and rank have been raised by one level!

However, he could no longer waste time.

Count the time, there are 4 minutes left, and the game is over.

He has to go and open the treasure chest!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air!

On the deep seabed, only a white light spot the size of a soybean was left, suspended in the sea water.

That is exactly the space node of zero-dimensional space.

Qin Feng knew that the **** of fire might come over.

However, he wasn't worried at all.

The two sides are the opposite!

It will take more than 5 minutes to wait for the **** of fire to turn back and rush back.

The game is over then!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in the zero-degree space.

In the secret room, as soon as he appeared, he hurriedly took out the god-level treasure chest and began to crack the seal of divine sense on it with all his strength.

boom! boom! boom!

As soon as he thought about it, he released his divine sense and slammed into the divine sense seal on the treasure chest like a storm...

In a blink of an eye, three minutes passed!

Qin Feng couldn't help frowning.

It took him three full minutes to crack 10%.

The seal on this god-level treasure chest is indeed unusual, and it is much stronger than that of the god-level treasure box.

Fortunately, he is in zero-degree space, and the time force field is ten times that of the outside world.

He stayed in the zero-degree space for three minutes, and the outside world only passed 0.3 minutes, which is only 18 seconds.

If Tianhuo Shen got the treasure chest, he might not be able to break the seal in the last few minutes, let alone open the treasure chest.

Sure enough, the treasures in the god-level treasure chest are not so easy to get.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng continued to break the seal with all his strength...

Before I knew it, half an hour passed.

click! click! click!

Under the unremitting bombardment of Qin Feng's consciousness, the seal on the treasure chest finally cracked.

click! click! click!

Click!Upstodatee from n(0)/vğ’†/lbIn/.(co/m

With a bang!

The seal is broken!

hum!

Treasure chest is shining!

Filled the entire room!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy and looked at the treasure chest...

[God-level treasure chest: Open to get 1,000 points, the same as intermediate-level treasures]

Gee!

A treasure of the middle grade **** rank!

Just thinking about it makes me excited!

However, there are many kinds of treasures in the middle grade god-level, there are **** cards, **** pills, and materials.

Among them, the most valuable ones are naturally weapons and equipment, as well as some wonders of the world.

What kind of middle-grade god-level treasure can be opened, it depends on luck.

Therefore, he has to use the God of Fortune Card first, and then open the treasure chest.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him, and there were two more special treasure chests, two open sky treasure chests, and four advanced treasure chests.

Finally, he took out a golden card, which was the card of luck!

Counting the time, there is only one minute left in the outside world, and the game is about to end.

One minute in the outside world, ten minutes in the zero-degree space!

Everything is in time!