Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the luck card with joy

Chapter 493: Zhuxing Sword Formation! New S-Class Mission!

"It's time to open the treasure chest!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly, then broke the blood and dripped it to the **** of luck.

hum!

After Shenka absorbed the blood essence, it immediately became golden!

call out!

The next second, it turned into a ball of golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

Boom!

Then, there was a shocking movement!

Qin Feng's body is roaring constantly!

Suddenly, the avenue circulates, and the luck reverses!

An invisible mysterious power radiated from him.

Mysterious luck!

It can capture the creation of heaven and earth, and shape the intangibility of the sun and the moon.

The Luck God Card is in effect!

Heaven also sent a reminder

[Reminder: You have completely activated the Qi Luck God Card, and within one minute, your Qi Luck will increase by a hundred times. Countdown: 605958]

Air luck takes effect, time is precious!

Open the treasure chest now!

Qin Feng hurriedly picked up an open sky-level treasure chest and opened it directly

[The opening of the sky-level treasure chest was successfully opened! You have obtained a low-grade god-level weapon - Zhuxing Sword (evolvable, unidentified master)! 】

With a burst of aura lit up, the Heaven-opening treasure chest disappeared!

Qin Feng has a long sword with a golden handle and a white blade in his hand.

As soon as the Divine Sword appeared, it gave Qin Feng a joyful scream!

It seemed that he had seen his master, and he seemed very cheerful and full of spirituality.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was ecstatic!

It really is a low-grade god-level treasure!

Still the most valuable weapon!

What's even better is that this Xingzhu sword can be evolved, and the future potential is infinite!

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

However, he has no time to study, and there are still several treasure chests waiting to be opened!

With this in mind, he picked up the second Open Heaven-level treasure chest and opened it directly.

[The opening of the sky-level treasure chest was successfully opened! You have obtained a low-grade god-level weapon - Killing Star Sword (evolvable, unidentified master)! 】

Cool!

Got another low-grade god-level weapon!

continue!

Qin Feng excitedly picked up a 637 special treasure chests

[The treasure chest of the special holy land has been opened successfully! You get +100 Holy Land Points and get a low-grade god-level weapon - Star Trapped Sword (evolvable, unidentified master)! 】

good! good!

Or a low-grade god-level weapon!

Open again!

Qin Feng picked up the second special treasure chest

[The treasure chest of the special holy land has been opened successfully! You get +100 Holy Land Points and get a low-grade god-level weapon - Jue Xing Sword (evolvable, unidentified master)! 】

Two open-air treasure chests, two super-grade treasure chests, and a total of four low-grade god-rank weapons were opened, which is already the most beneficial.

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Then, he picked up the god-level treasure chest and opened it directly.

[The treasure chest of the god-level holy land has been opened successfully! You get +1000 Holy Land Points, and you have obtained a middle-grade god-level wonder of heaven and earth - Divine Punishment Pupil (evolvable, unidentified master)! 】

hum!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

A burst of chirping!

The treasure chest has disappeared!

A golden pupil appeared in front of Qin Feng, exuding divine light, and the weather was extraordinary!

This god-level treasure box actually opened with a 'different eye', which is so surprising!

Look at the information again, this eye is a wonder of heaven and earth!

Generally speaking, the value of heaven and earth wonders is equivalent to that of weapons of the same rank.

And there are some wonders in the world whose value is even more precious than weapons of the same rank.

It can be seen that the opening of the god-level treasure chest this time is also a big profit!

It's just that Qin Feng has no time to study, and there are still four high-level treasure chests that have not been opened.

Thinking of this, he quickly picked up a high-end treasure chest

[The high-level holy treasure chest has been opened successfully! You get +10 Holy Land Points and get the ninth-order best weapon - Dayan Heavenly Sword! 】

[The high-level holy treasure chest has been opened successfully! You get +10 Holy Land Points and get the ninth-order best weapon - Death Sword! 】

[The high-level holy treasure chest has been opened successfully! You get +10 Holy Land Points and get the ninth-order best weapon - Life Magic Sword! 】

[The high-level holy treasure chest has been opened successfully! You get +10 Holy Land Points, and you have obtained the ninth-order top-quality battle armor - the air-splitting battle armor! 】

good! good!

Four more pieces of ninth-rank top-quality equipment!

Three weapons and a set of armor! Full of harvest!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: The countdown to the luck bonus is 0! The effect of the Luck God card disappears! 】

call!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and showed a satisfied smile.

The treasure chest is finally open!

This is the end of a treasure box feast!

Next, he has to study his harvest carefully.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng researched four pieces of ninth-order top-quality equipment, all of which were very good, and he put away these ninth-order top-grade equipment.

Afterwards, his eyes fell on the four inferior swords, the Zhuxing Sword, the Slaughtering Sword, the Xingxing Sword, and the Jue Xing Sword.

The styles of these four divine swords are exactly the same, the difference is the inscription on the hilt, which is slightly different.

Overall, the four swords look like a set of swords!

"interesting!"

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he sucked the Zhuxing Sword into his hand.

hum! hum! hum!

The Divine Sword trembled slightly, and the sword spirit within it made a cheerful vibration, and it actually thought of taking the initiative to recognize Qin Feng as the master.

Artifacts have spirit, nothing more than that!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng laughed!

In general, in this case, you can recognize the master in seconds, which is much faster than the normal refining artifact.

Immediately, he broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it into the Zhuxing Sword!

hum!

After Zhu Xingjian had absorbed the blood essence, it let out an extremely cheerful vibration!

In the next second, it turned into a golden light, poured into Qin Feng's body, and disappeared.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Congratulations on becoming the master of the low-grade artifact Zhuxing Sword! 】

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, this sword can feed back 200,000 star combat power. 】

200,000 stars!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This is even stronger than the anti-god armor!

The combat power of the anti-god combat power is 190,000 stars.

It seems that the quality of this Zhuxing Sword is good, and it is considered excellent among low-grade artifacts.

By the way, there are three other divine swords that need to be recognized.

Qin Feng waved his hand again, and sucked the Killing Star Sword into his hand and began to bleed.

hum!

After the Slaughter Star Sword absorbed the blood essence, it also let out an extremely joyful vibration!

The next second, it also turned into a golden light, pouring into Qin Feng's body

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Congratulations on becoming the master of the low-grade artifact Slaughter Star Sword! 】

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, this sword can feed back 200,000 star combat power. 】

Another 200,000-star feedback!

Qin Feng was delighted and continued to drop blood to recognize the Lord

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Congratulations on becoming the master of the low-grade artifact Star Trapped Sword! 】

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, this sword can feed back 200,000 star combat power. 】

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Congratulations on becoming the master of the low-grade artifact Jue Xing Sword! 】

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, this sword can feed back 200,000 star combat power. 】

In just a moment, he succeeded in recognizing the other two divine swords.

The two swords also turned into golden light, pouring into his body

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Reminder: According to the rules of the Tao of Heaven, you can only complete the unity of the human-machine with one divine sword at a time, and cannot be combined with more than two human-machines at the same time. 】

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He already knew this rule!

Not only divine weapons, but also ninth-order weapons.

If a person uses two weapons at the same time, he can only be one with one of them.

This is the limit of heaven!

However, if it is a different type of equipment, it will not be affected.