Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

For example, weapons and armors can be integrated with the master at the same time.

In short, only one piece of equipment of the same type can complete the integration of human and machine.

Therefore, although Qin Feng has four divine swords, he can only complete the human-machine integration with one of them every time he fights.

This is also impossible!

Just when Qin Feng felt a little helpless, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: It is detected that you have collected the Xing Xing Sword, Xing Killing Sword, Trapping Xing Sword, and Jue Xing Sword, and thus triggered the task of ‘Ancient Sword Formation’. 】

[Ancient Sword Array: S-level mission. 】

[Task reminder: The Four Swords of Zhuxing was originally a set of divine swords, made after the ancient artifact of the Four Swords of Zhutian. 】

[Task content: Those who have the chance to obtain these four swords can complete this task by finding the Star Sword Array (a mid-grade artifact) within ten days. 】

[Reminder: After any completion, you can get rich rewards and a great chance. 】

[Reminder: The combination of Zhuxing Four Swords and Star Sword Array can form a Zhuxing Sword Array, whose power is comparable to that of a high-grade artifact. 】

[Reminder: After the chancers fuse the star sword array, they can control the four swords of Zhuxing at the same time, and can obtain the combat power of the four swords at the same time. 】

boom!

After listening to these tips, Qin Feng's body trembled, his eyes lit up, and he was overjoyed!

He didn't expect that he accidentally activated an S-level mission.

According to the task prompt, as long as he obtained the mid-grade artifact 'Xingjian Array Diagram', he could form a sword array with the four swords of Zhuxing, and at the same time, the power was comparable to the high-grade artifact.

What's even better is that in that case, the four swords can complete the integration of human and machine at the same time, and the combat power that can be fed back is 800,000 stars!

800,000 stars!

This is too powerful!

Qin Feng swallowed his saliva, and his heart was hot.

Just how to accomplish this task?

Where to find the 'star sword array map'?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little worried.

He has no clue at all.

What's more terrible is that the task time limit is only ten days!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: The mid-grade artifact 'Star Sword Array' is hidden on the second floor of the Holy Land. 】

[Task reminder: The next time the Holy Land is opened, the second floor of the Holy Land will be opened directly. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing a sudden look.

It turned out that the 'Star Sword Array' was hidden on the second floor of the Holy Land.

This is easy to do!

In this way, after he returns to the Blue Star Realm, he must perform well in the next points competition.

According to Tiandao's previous tips, the second Holy Land was opened, and the entire Star Realm only issued 2 Holy Land Passes.

In other words, he wants to enter the second floor of the Holy Land next time, only to become the first place in the top ten competition areas of the Blue Star Realm.

One is the first in the power, and there will be a pass.

One is the personal first, there will be a pass.

Only then can he be guaranteed a chance to enter the Holy Land again.

Only by entering the Holy Land will he have the opportunity to complete that S-rank mission.

It can be seen that it is much more difficult to enter the Holy Land for the second time.

The number of people who entered the Blue Star Realm for the first time was around forty.

The second time there are only 2 places.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng has a plan!

He is full of expectations for [Ancient Sword Formation: S-Class Mission].

According to the task prompts, after completion, there will not only be rich rewards, but also a great opportunity.

However, when I entered the Holy Land for the second time, I was afraid that the players who came in were not only the contenders of this session.

Maybe there will be a winner of the last hegemony.

Among those victors, there are definitely a lot of False God realm powers, and even the existence of True God realm.

In a word, the opportunities given by the Tao of Heaven are not so easy to take.

However, Qin Feng was already satisfied.

To be able to unintentionally trigger an S-level mission is a huge opportunity.

Thinking of this, he looked at the last 'God Punishment Eye' again!

This is the heaven and earth wonders of the middle grade **** rank!

Soon, Qin Feng finished reading the information on 'God Punishment Eyes'.

His eyes suddenly lit up, and his face showed ecstasy.

Chapter 494: Heavenly Punishment Divine Light! Soaring strength!

[God Punishment Divine Eye: A mid-grade god-level wonders of heaven and earth, unidentified master, can evolve. 】

[Reminder: Once this thing drips blood and recognizes the master, it can be integrated into the eyebrows and become the third divine eye of the host - the divine pupil of punishment]

[Reminder: This item has characteristics similar to an artifact, and will permanently feed back a large amount of the host's combat power according to the fusion level, and will not conflict with the unity of the artifact. 】

[Reminder: The fusion level of this thing is related to the awakening of the seventh, eighth, and ninth consciousness]

[Awakening the seventh sense, you can complete 25% of the fusion degree and get 100,000-star permanent combat power feedback.]

[Awakening the eighth sense, you can complete 50% of the fusion degree, and get 200,000 stars of permanent combat power feedback]

[Awakening the ninth sense, you can complete 100% fusion degree, and you can get 400,000-star permanent combat power feedback]

Eternal combat power feeds back!

good! good!

It is worthy of being a treasure of the middle grade **** rank!

Qin Feng was amazed!

He has awakened to the eighth sense, and can complete 50% fusion.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it to the **** of punishment.

As soon as the blood essence falls on the pupil, the pupil absorbs the essence and blood at a speed visible to the naked eye.

call out!

In the next second, the pupil of the **** of punishment turned into a golden light, flew into Qin Feng's eyebrows, and disappeared.

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng felt a tingling between his eyebrows.

Immediately afterward, a strange mental fluctuation came from between the eyebrows and was directly linked to the soul in the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

He closed his eyes involuntarily, feeling the fusion of the divine pupils.

With a strange squirming, a vertical red line slowly appeared between his eyebrows.

Immediately afterwards, the red line slowly cracked, and a golden pupil emerged, blooming with divine pupil light, overlooking everything around.

Those eyes are high and arrogant!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

As if everything in the world is ants in its eyes

The amazing thing is that Qin Feng closed his eyes slightly at this moment, but he could see everything around him clearly.

It turned out that the divine pupil had been connected to his soul and had truly become his third divine eye.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Integration of Divine Punishment (Middle Grade Divine Rank) is successful! Congratulations, you have obtained the third divine eye - the divine pupil of punishment! 】

[Integration of Divine Punishment (Middle Grade Divine Rank) is successful! Congratulations, you have automatically acquired the demigod skill - Divine Punishment Divine Light! 】

[Integration of Divine Punishment (Middle Grade Divine Rank) is successful! All your pupil skills can be displayed through the divine pupil, and the power is increased tenfold! 】

[Integration of Divine Punishment (Middle Grade Divine Rank) is successful! You have awakened the eighth sense, the fusion degree has reached 50%, and you can obtain the permanent feedback of 200,000 star combat power]

Boom!

At this moment, the divine eye between the eyebrows released monstrous divine power, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body

Suddenly, Qin Feng's combat power has soared wildly!

[Permanent combat power feedback is completed! Your basic combat power has increased to 963,000 stars! 】

After a while, the feedback was over, and all the visions disappeared!

At this time, the natural pupil also slowly closed, hiding deep between Qin Feng's eyebrows, leaving only a faint vertical red line.

The red line is like a divine seal, which makes Qin Feng more extraordinary, noble and holy like a god!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, full of joy.

This talent is really awesome!

With only 50% fusion, he has obtained a demigod-level skill and ten times the enhancement of various pupil techniques.

Even better, it also permanently fed back the 200,000-star combat power.

In this way, his basic combat power has reached 963,000 stars, which has already surpassed the limit of the peak of half a lifetime.

Of course, this is not all the functions of the God Pupil.

If he can awaken the ninth consciousness, the Amaro consciousness, he will be able to receive 200,000 star permanent combat power back.

At the same time, various pupil skills will be greatly enhanced!

Just thinking about it makes me excited!

Qin Feng's heart is hot!

However, he knew that the ninth consciousness, Amara consciousness, was not so easy to awaken.

He wants 100% fusion of the divine pupil of punishment, but I am afraid that it will take a lot of effort.

However, he was extremely satisfied with the results.

"Counting the time, the game should be over soon! It's time to go out and have a look! I don't know if the **** of fire came back?"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng made a move, the palm of his hand flashed white light, and the Zhuxing Sword appeared in his hand.

hum!

In the next second, the Divine Sword roared!

Human-machine integration is completed in an instant!

His momentum soared, and suddenly reached 1.45 million stars.

That was the result of the backfeeding of the Anti-God Battle Armor and the Zhuxing Sword.

Afterwards, he started the seal formula again and launched the sacrifice of faith.

Three white lights flashed in a row!

His momentum skyrocketed again and again, and he reached 1.75 million stars in a blink of an eye. Compared with the 1.8 million star combat power of the God of Fire, it was no different.

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

At this point, his comprehensive combat power has entered the early stage of False God.

Of course, with such a strength, he was considered to be at the bottom of the False God early stage.

False God's initial combat power range is from 1.5 million stars to 2.5 million stars.