Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Asan is the self-confidence of fans!

At the same time, in the chat channel of Village No. 5, people from Sakurajima were also mobilizing.

Nobu Takeda: "Miyamoto-sama, the statistics have been completed! There are twelve people above level 5 in our village. Nine of them are level 5, two are level 6, and you are level 8!"

Nobuyuki Takeda: "However, we just lost a bet, the resources were halved, and everyone's strength became weaker. Six of the nine level 5 people couldn't deal with the level 5 beasts and couldn't score!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Baga! Blame that hateful Qin Feng! If he hadn't cheated, we would never have lost!"

Takeda Shin: "Miyamoto-sama, this time we will definitely win! Because we have 24 villages on our side, and they only have 3! We are eight times as many as them!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Baga! This time, I must **** wash the shame of the last time! If I fail again, I will cut myself to death, so that I will remember! Takeda-kun, you are my wrong person! Please!"

Takeda Shin: "Hay!"

Seemingly seeing the hope of revenge, Rami Miyamoto vowed again.

The people of Sakurajima watched silently without saying a word.

In this way, the Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country, Asami Country, Nanbang Country, etc., all mobilized.

The villages in these countries are optimistic, thinking that the victory is certain.

Soon, the villages of all countries took action and began to hunt beasts to earn points...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour passed.

911 Village, Liluo Prairie, the western border.

Qin Feng looked at the Yiju Mountain in front of him and smiled.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After an hour of traveling, he finally reached his destination.

Along the way, he also encountered seven level 12 beasts, all of which were instantly killed by him.

0

This allowed him to reach level 9 (26980/100000), and at the same time he also got 14 attributes, which was a big gain.

At the same time, killing a level 5 beast gets 1 point, and a level 6 beast gets 2 points.

Level 12 beasts are 8 points.

In just one hour, he got 56 points.

"The ant gathering mountain is here! Soon we will be able to start killing people!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

A little excited to think about it.

Where the queen is, there must be an ant colony.

The ant colony represents a lot of energy and points!

By the way, this hour has passed, what happened to Liu Xuan and the others?

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but open the Tiandao light screen and entered the ranking channel, and there was indeed a ranking list in it.

[911 Village Camp Gambling Points Ranking]

First place: Qin Feng, 56 points.

Second place: Liu Xuan, 9 points.

Third place, Longshan, 5 points.

Fourth place: Wu Yong, 4 points

Fifth place: Lei Jue, 3 points

6th place, Gu Ming, 2 points

...

Total points: 93 points…

good! good!

In just one hour, 911 Village got 93 points, which is very powerful!

Among them, there are as many as seventeen people who participated in the scoring.

This momentum is fierce!

And that Liu Xuan, who got 9 points for one person.

This can be regarded as a strong player in the entire No. 1 area.

However, the gap between him and Qin Feng has only just begun!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng withdrew from the ranking channel and walked towards the Ant Cluster Mountain in front.

Soon, he walked to the bottom of the ant gathering mountain, and the whole mountain range was full of ore.

With a move in his heart, he scanned the ores.

【Name】：Iron ore

[Tier]: Tier 0 (one of the basic resources of Novice Village)

[Effect]: It can be used for various infrastructures in Novice Village.

hiss~!

Fuck it~!

These iron ore are actually Tier 0 resources!

That should be something useful.

That rank 0 tea is useful for refreshing and eliminating fatigue, and it also gives Qin Feng 1 reputation.

I think this iron ore will be of great use in the future!

Look at this ant gathering mountain again, the whole mountain range is iron ore.

He seems to have discovered a huge resource base!

Ha ha!

good! good

This is an interesting discovery!

Qin Feng was delighted.

Sand~! Sand~! Sand~!

At this moment, there was a dense crawling sound in the mine valley ahead.

His heart skipped a beat, he quickly held his breath, then clenched the handle of the knife with one hand, tucked his waist, and cautiously touched the entrance of the mine valley.

This is the territory of the gold-devouring ant queen, and he does not dare to be careless.

Soon, he arrived at Taniguchi, hid behind a boulder, and quietly looked into the valley.

Seeing this, his scalp tingled.

I saw more than 200 giant ants crawling around in the valley.

All of them are about one meter long, all black, exuding a metallic luster, and imposing.

Looking at the level, most of them are 12-level worker ants, with dozens of 13-level soldier ants mixed in.

What's more terrifying is that these are only the peripheral forces of the ant colony.

At the bottom of the mine valley, there was a pitch-black entrance to the nest, and a large number of giant ants were coming in and out.

There is an ant nest!

The gold-devouring ant queen is inside the nest.

It can be seen that the queen ant is not easy to kill!

However, Qin Feng was excited!

Ha ha!

So many giant ants!

They represent a lot of points and energy!

If he wandered around looking for beasts, he would not encounter ten of them in an hour.

At this moment, there are hundreds of them, and there is no need to bother to find the beasts.

This is also the reason why he won the camp bet

Chapter 64 Points soar, slaughtering ant colonies! (please customize)

Qin Feng did not rush into the valley rashly.

Ant colonies are different from elephant colonies. These guys are not very intelligent, but they are not afraid of death.

Even enemies that are dozens of times stronger than them will be killed in their mouths.

If he rushed in rashly, he might be gnawed into a skeleton.

Therefore, he must be careful and plan well.

As the saying goes: Know yourself and the enemy, and win a hundred battles!

With this in mind, he looked at Gu Nai again.

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Not far away, a worker ant gnawed a piece of iron ore the size of a basketball from the ore bed, held it on top of its head, and moved it into the nest.

Gold-devouring ants live by eating iron ore!

With a thought in his mind, the Eye of True Sight scanned the worker ant away.

[Ferocious beast]: Metal-devouring worker ants

[Level]: Level 12

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 16 stars

[Characteristics]: Devouring iron and gold, not afraid of death, absolutely guarding.

[Talent]: Strength enhancement (E grade), gold induction (F grade)

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Explosion rate]: 1.2%

Fuck it~!

The combat power is 16 stars!

The power of this metal-devouring worker ant is stronger than that of a violent mammoth!

Rampage Mammoth only has 15 star combat power.

In addition, the Furious Mammoth has only one E-level soil-type talent, but this metal-devouring worker ant is a dual talent.

Its comprehensive strength is obviously stronger than that of Furious Mammoth!

Both are level 12 beasts, and their strength is also strong and weak.

However, the stronger the beast, the more energy it will provide.

So many worker ants!

It must provide him with a lot of energy and help him reach level 10 earlier.

Qin Feng thought happily, his eyes wandered, and he looked at another giant ant not far away.

The giant ant is sturdy, a whole circle larger than the worker ant, especially the huge head, which is as big as a washbasin, almost twice the size of the worker ant's head.

It's soldier ants!

【Ferocious Beast】: Gold-devouring Soldier Ant