Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

However, this kind of strength is enough to deal with the **** of fire!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was ready to go out and have a look.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, a player from the Blue Star Realm! Successfully open the special treasure chest, get +100 points, a low-grade god-level treasure, hereby announce the commendation! 】

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Holy Land was a sensation!

Everyone looked up at the sky, envy in their hearts!

The treasure of the low-grade gods!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Even the False God Realm might be salivating!

They are even more unimaginable!

At the same moment, somewhere over the jungle.

Jikong God is on his way.

At this moment, when he heard Tiandao's announcement, he immediately frowned.

The last time he opened a special treasure chest, he only got a demigod-level treasure.

This Qin Feng's luck is also very good!

Having said that, does this Qin Feng have anything to do with the two who robbed him of the spoils last time?

At this moment, Ji Kongshen still doesn't know that the person who stole his three treasures last time was Qin Feng.

After all, when Qin Feng stole the special treasure chest, he didn't see it with his own eyes, so it was naturally difficult to judge.

However, Qin Feng's special treasure box actually contained low-grade god-level treasures, which made him a little jealous.

But before he thought about it, Tiandao made a new announcement.

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, a player from the Blue Star Realm! Open the second special treasure chest successfully, get +100 points, a low-grade god-level treasure, hereby announce the commendation! 】

what!

The second one is also a low-grade god-level treasure!

This guy is so lucky!

There is some unpleasant feeling in Jikong God's heart.

Of the three special treasure chests, two of the others have opened the low-level **** rank, but he only opened a demigod!

The difference is a bit big!

At this moment, Tiandao announced again

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, a player from the Blue Star Realm! Successfully open the god-level treasure chest, get +1000 points, a middle-level god-level treasure, hereby announce the commendation! 】

boom!

The news is out!

The whole holy place is boiling!

Oh my God!

Who the **** is Qin Feng?

He is too great!

One person actually got two special treasure chests and one god-level treasure chest, which is really unbelievable!

At this moment, the entire Holy Land players were amazed!

Only the players in Area 73 were stunned, their eyes filled with disbelief.

But the reality made them have to believe it!

At this moment, they also realized that they had greatly underestimated Qin Feng before!

Over that jungle!

Jikong God was also shocked!

The god-level treasure chest he had been searching for had already fallen into Qin Feng's hands.

That Qin Feng is really strong!

Could it be that he is already the power of the peak of the False God?

This is impossible!

As far as he knows, in the more than 10,000 star realms in this star field, no False God peak power has been born.

Only in the star field next door can there be peak powers of false gods, and even the powers of true gods.

But that star field is the site of the previous winner!

If they want to intervene in this novice star field, Tiandao will come forward to restrict it.

The more he thinks about it, the more amazed the **** of the sky is, and his evaluation of Qin Feng is getting higher and higher.

He didn't know that Qin Feng was only at the prefecture level.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng's heart moved slightly when he heard Tiandao's announcement.

There are 1000 points for opening the god-level treasure chest, so he should have a lot of points, right?

With this in mind, he checked his current round of points, and it reached 3186 points.

Qin Feng suddenly laughed!

His points in the second round were terribly high!

And this round of points is much higher than the second round!

As a result, his three rounds of points can be added up to more than 5,000 points.

I don't know if there are many points, will there be additional benefits later?

Qin Feng thought expectantly.

Then, he turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he appeared at the bottom of the sea!

Boom!

When he appeared, he heard a huge roar of water not far away.

He hurriedly followed the sound and saw that the God of Fire was rushing towards this side.

Qin Feng was a little surprised!

It seems that the **** of fire has used some kind of secret technique to come so quickly.

Otherwise, he should be too late to arrive!

At the same moment, the God of Vulcan also saw Qin Feng appear and was overjoyed.

"Little thief! Die!"

The next second, he rushed over with a roar!

In the blink of an eye, he was near!

Swish!

The **** of fire slashed wildly!

The 1.8 million-star combat power and momentum, shocking and overwhelming, enveloped the audience!

At this moment, Qin Feng shot!

Swish!

The sword light flashed!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, soaring into the sky!

Zhu Xingjian meets that sword!

In an instant, the swords meet!

when!

A shocking sound!

The seabed exploded instantly!

Hundreds of millions of feet of sea water, soaring into the sky!

The sea with a radius of 10,000 miles is like a fried pot!

In the next second, Tianhuo Shen groaned and was knocked tens of thousands of feet away by a sword!

Instead, Qin Feng stood there, motionless!

The two sides fight against each other, and the judgment is made!

After a while, Tianhuo Shen stabilized his figure!

As soon as he stabilized, he looked at Qin Feng in shock, his eyes full of disbelief.

how can that be?

Not long ago, he was chasing Qin Feng all the way.

It's only been a few minutes? !

He couldn't even catch the opponent's sword!

The strength of the two sides has come to a big reversal!

How could this be?

The **** of fire really can't figure it out!

It was at this moment that an announcement came from Tiandao!

[Holy Land Announcement: The assessment time for this round has come, and the contestants from each district will automatically return to their places! 】

call out! call out!

As soon as the announcement came out, Qin Feng and Tianhuoshen turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

After a while of spinning around, it's time to keep your feet firmly on your feet!

In the next second, Qin Feng found himself back in the No. 73 safe zone.

At the same time, white light flashed continuously in the field!

Area 73 players returned one after another.

The third round of competition is finally over!

Next, it should be the distribution of this round of ranking rewards.

Chapter 495 Judgment Supreme! Master the Six Paths!

In just a moment, the players return to their places!

In the field, there were also some players who were trapped in the sealing barrier and could not enter the first floor of the Holy Land from beginning to end. At this moment, the barrier disappeared and appeared.

At the moment, the whole square became lively.

"It's finally over!"

"Yes! Brother, how many points did you get this round!"

"Hey! Don't mention it! The old man took 4 hours to break out of the seal, and then wandered outside for 2 hours. He didn't find a single treasure chest, and got 0 points!"

"Hey! Brother, like you, I also get 0 points!"

"You two, it took me two hours to break the seal, and I got a primary treasure chest, and I got 3 points! Hey! It's really hard to collect the treasure chest this time!"