Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Yeah! I'll wait to go out and take a look. Within a million miles, almost all the treasure chests have been looted in advance! It's really annoying!"

At this moment, all the players lamented and smiled wryly.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was delighted.

This is exactly what he wants!

As long as these players have poor results in the third round, then Fengxi's three girls have a great chance of entering the top four.

Feng Xi's three daughters have gotten more benefits, which is equivalent to him getting more benefits.

"By the way, everyone, although I didn't get any treasure chests, Qin Feng's harvest was good!"

"Yes! Tiandao announced that he got 2 special treasure chests and 1 god-level treasure chest!"

"My God! I don't know how he did it?"

"Yeah! It's enviable just thinking about it!"

"I suddenly felt that we all underestimated Qin Feng before!"

"I think so too! Qin Feng's real strength is probably much stronger than you and me!"

"Yeah! Having said that, he is clearly at the prefecture level, but I don't know how he did it?"

"Talent! Some people are destined to suppress the evil spirits of an era!"

As soon as these words fell, people glanced at Qin Feng from time to time.

Those eyes were full of awe.

Up to now, not many people in the field feel that Qin Feng's strength is low.

If one amazing performance is a coincidence, the second is luck, then the third is considered strength.

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to those eyes.

With a wave of his hand, white light flashed in front of him, and Feng Xi's three daughters appeared.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

When the three girls saw Qin Feng, they were overjoyed.

Qin Feng also smiled and looked at the three girls.

I saw Feng Xi becoming more and more beautiful and moving, and her slender figure revealed the unique charm and charm of a woman.

What makes Qin Feng even more gratified is that her combat power has reached 180,000, and she is getting closer and closer to the threshold of demigods.

Looking at Xiao Luan'er, the little guy's combat power has also reached 150,000.

Qiyue reached 130,000.

The strength of the three girls has improved a lot.

"Dad, is the game over?"

Xiao Luan'er looked around curiously.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "Yes! It's over!"

Xiao Luan'er rejoiced: "That's great! It's finally over! Dad, I don't know if this time's ranking will be able to enter the top ten with Sister Fengxi and Sister Yue'er?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was about to speak.

Boom!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At this time, the sky shook, and the voice of heaven sounded.

[The third round of chance competition has ended! 】

【If the points in this round reach 3 points or more, you can get a clearance reward. 】

As soon as the news came out, there was a commotion in the audience.

"Above 3 points! Then at least you need to get a primary treasure chest!"

"Yeah! You can get 3 points for opening a primary treasure chest, but I don't even see the hair of the next treasure chest."

"Hey! The old man is too! This time the pass reward is missed by the old man!"

The crowd groaned.

[Rewards for this round of clearance: Thirty Holy Land Divine Essence, three Knowledge Enhancement Pills. 】

【Rewards for passing the level are now issued...】

Boom!

The sky shook again...

More than 100 reward beams fell from the sky and landed on more than 100 players, including Qin Feng.

There was an amazement in the field!

No way?

Only more than 100 people have reached 3 points or more in this third round.

The remaining 3,000 people all got 0 points, and some even got negative points!

This is too bad!

Seeing this scene, Feng Xi's three girls' eyes lit up, and they all showed surprises.

"Hee hee! Dad, only over 100 people passed the level in the third round, which means that everyone's grades are very poor. In this way, sister Feng Xi and sister Yue'er and I will enter the top ten, and the problem will not be big."

Feng Xi smiled and said: "Luan'er, this should be the master's intention. He should have collected the treasure chest with a radius of one million miles and collected it first. If it doesn't work, the three of us can still enter the top four!"

As soon as these words fell, Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue's eyes lit up, showing a sudden look.

It was at this moment that the reward for passing the level fell...

Qin Feng put away the reward.

Among those rewards are three knowledge enhancement pills!

Qin Feng doesn't care about Shen Yuan now, but he is very concerned about the knowledge enhancement pill.

Because his divine sense scan range is only 70,000 miles, while the scan range of the False God early stage powerhouse is 100,000 miles.

He himself wanted to raise the range of divine consciousness to the level of False God Realm.

After all, his current comprehensive combat power can already be compared with the initial stage of the False God, and other aspects naturally cannot be suppressed by the initial stage of the False God.

In this way, he has more confidence to compete with the False God in the early stage!

"Feng Xi, Yue'er, Luan'er, wait until they leave the Holy Land this time. Let's go to the outer world and participate in the Tianwu assessment!"

Qin Feng took the reward and said something casually.

The three girls were overjoyed.

"Hee hee! Dad, Xiao Luan'er has long wanted to participate in the Tianwu assessment!"

Feng Xi also smiled and said, "Master, with your current strength, you should be able to win the God-defying God-level Harmony."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "As far as I know, in the Tianwu assessment, the highest combination is the superior **** grade. This is similar to the foundation building assessment. I haven't heard of the anti-god level."

Feng Xi smiled sweetly: "Then the master has not obtained the God-defying-level foundation."

"It was a coincidence!"

"Master, you are different from other people. You are building a foundation at the God-defying level to participate in the Tianwu assessment. Maybe, Tiandao will give you some special arrangements. Perhaps there is a God-defying level joint Dao assessment!

After listening to this analysis, Qin Feng nodded slightly, which definitely makes sense.

Xiao Luan'er exclaimed: "Dad, if you combine the Dao with the best gods, you can get 200,000 stars of the power of Dao. If there is a God-defying level, wouldn't it be 400,000 stars of the power of Dao?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

right!

If there is really a God-defying God-level combination, then there is a real power of 400,000 stars.

If he can get it, then the comprehensive strength will no longer be at the bottom of the False God early stage.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was full of enthusiasm, and he was full of expectations for the next Tianwu assessment.

However, in that day's martial arts assessment, was there any God-defying God-level combined Dao assessment?

He needs to go to the extraterrestrial sky in person to know one or two.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky over the square shook again, and a reminder came from Heaven.

[New points rankings are now announced. 】

[The rankings in this round are ranked according to the total points of the three rounds, and those who enter the top 100 will receive generous rewards]

As soon as this improvement came out, the ranking monument in the center of the square changed!

The rankings of the previous round are all gone!

There was a commotion all over the place!

Everyone looked at the ranking monument!

Even Feng Xi's three daughters showed concern.

They are very concerned about whether they can enter the top four.

hum!

A clear cry!

A golden light lit up on the monument!

Line by line ranking information emerges!

[No. 3729, Ghost Star Realm, Ghost Forest, 70 points]

[No. 3728, Yunxingjie, Yunlin, 60 points]

[No. 3726, Glazed Star Realm, Baili, 60 points]

The last three places in a row were all negative points.

Obviously, these three guys got killed a lot of times in the third round.

10 points will be deducted for every death.

That player named Guisen was killed 7 times in a row and exploded 21 treasures on his body, which is extremely miserable!

In this way, the points rankings are displayed one by one!

Soon to be in the top six

Feng Xi's three daughters all opened their eyes nervously.

Because the names of Jinshen and Taixu ancestors haven't appeared yet

At this time, golden light appeared on the monument!

[6th place, Titanium Star Realm, Jinshen, 155 points (21 points in this round)]

[5th ​​place, Cang Xingjie, Taixu Patriarch, 179 points (27 points in this round)]

Seeing this, Feng Xi's three daughters breathed a sigh of relief.

Everything became a foregone conclusion, and they successfully entered the top four.

Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief, and his eyes were full of relief.

In vain, he has swept away the treasure chests with a radius of one million miles in Area 73.

Even with the strength of Taixu's ancestors, he only got 27 points after spending countless efforts.

At this time, golden light continued to appear on the monument...

[4th place, Blue Star Realm, Qiyue, 210 points (0 points in this round)]

[3rd place, Lan Xingjie, Luan’er, 213 points (0 points in this round)]

[2nd place, Blue Star Realm, Feng Xi, 216 points (0 points in this round)]