Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as this time came out, there was an uproar all around!

"Qin Feng's three subordinates have all entered the top four!"

"Yeah! Qin Feng got all the benefits alone!"

"Hey! It's really enviable! Everyone, how many points can Qin Feng get after the third round?"

"It is estimated that there are more than 3000 points!"

"More than 3000 points?! This is too exaggerated!"

"Yeah! I think it's overrated too!"

As soon as these words fell, the golden light lit up again on the stele.

[1st place, Blue Star Realm, Qin Feng, 5054 points (3186 points in this round)]

boom!

The points are out!

Take a breath of cold air!

The players who said 3,000 points were exaggerated just now shut up!

Many people are deeply saddened!

In the crowd, Taixu Patriarch and Jinshen all showed envy.

The eyes of these two people looking at Qin Feng also became extremely complicated.

As we all know, there will be additional surprises after the third round of ranking rewards!

After three rounds of chance, the more total points you get, the bigger the extra surprise at the end!

At this moment, everyone looked at Qin Feng with envy in their eyes.

Of course, there were people in the crowd who were jealous and disdainful.

In the corner, Daokong looked at this scene coldly, and the corners of his mouth were full of sneer.

Luo Tian on the side was a little lost.

Qin Feng's excellent performance made Luo Tian uneasy!

You know, he and Qin Feng are in the same competition area!

One of the two sides is a challenging force, the other is a mysterious force, and they are naturally hostile!

Qin Feng performed so well that he began to worry about the survival of the Daluo family.

"Brother Daokong, Qin Feng actually scored 5,000 points in three rounds. I'm afraid it's difficult to achieve such a result in the early stage of False God, right?"

Luo Tian's tone was full of unease.

Daokong smiled coldly: "What? Do you think that kid has the strength of the False God in the early stage?"

"This...that's impossible!"

Luo Tian shook his head firmly.

Even if he killed him, he couldn't believe that Qin Feng, who was in the prefecture-level realm, would have the strength of the False God in the early stage.

Not to mention the early stage of False God, even if it is the threshold of False God, it is 100% impossible.

However, he was still worried.

Immediately, he said: "Brother Daokong, although that little thief cannot have the strength of the early stage of the False God, but his performance is too amazing. I even worry that even if the senior Liudao makes a move, he will not be able to subdue him for a while."

The six-dao senior in Luo Tian's mouth naturally refers to the six-dao ancestor!

Daokong smiled nonchalantly: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​do you think my ancestor is really just an ordinary False God?"

Luo Tian's heart moved: "How do you say this?"

Daokong smiled smugly: "It's okay to tell you some secrets now. The reason why my family is called Liudao is because of the existence of my ancestors."

"People in this world don't know that my ancestor has a special identity. He used to be a judge of God's Domain. His vocation is to judge the supreme!"

Luo Tian looked puzzled: "Judgment Supreme? What is that?"

Daokong smiled slightly: "Let me tell you so, the judge is in charge of light and darkness, and the judge is in charge of the reincarnation of life and death. The supreme judge of the judge is in charge of the six paths of reincarnation."

"My ancestor used to be a Supreme Judge of Judgment. It was only later that due to some special relationships, his vocation was no longer there, but he also mastered some methods of religious sacrifice."

"If my ancestors used the means of sacrifice of faith, even if they were the early stage powers of the False God, they would be crushed by him. Unless the other party was the middle stage powers of the virtual gods!"

As soon as these words fell, Luo Tian was extremely shocked, and his eyes widened.

He didn't expect that the Sixth Dao Patriarch still had such an identity, and his strength was far beyond his imagination!

At this time, Daokong said again: "Of course, due to various special reasons, my ancestors would not easily perform sacrifices unless forced to. However, with the strength of Qin Feng's little thief, he is not qualified to let my ancestors make sacrifices. , using that method."

Dao Kong's tone was full of confidence.

In his opinion, Qin Feng is at most the ultimate strength of the demigod peak.

In the face of the early stage power of the False God, it is vulnerable!

He didn't know that Qin Feng's comprehensive strength had entered the early stage of False God.

"It turns out that senior Liudao is so strong!"

4.7 After a while, Luo Tian regained his senses and was full of emotion.

Daokong said proudly: "To tell you the truth, after my ancestor broke through to the False God realm, he has been sleeping and retreating, which is largely related to the sacrifice of the Six Paths."

Luo Tian nodded as if he understood, but did not dare to ask any more questions.

It's just that the two of them didn't know, they were talking in a low voice, which was already heard by Qin Feng.

Today, Qin Feng's spiritual sense is strong, crushing the audience.

The conversation between the two of them was hard to hide from him.

It's just that Daokong didn't know, and thought that he had cast the sound insulation barrier, which Qin Feng couldn't break through, so he dared to talk like that.

To put it bluntly, he still underestimated Qin Feng in his heart!

And Qin Feng was shocked after eavesdropping on the information!

He did not expect that the ancestor of the Six Dao Clan was actually related to the Judgment Divine Realm.

The Judgment Divine Realm must be the Divine Realm where the Judge, the Judgment Sovereign, and the Judgment Supreme are located.

However, it can't use religious sacrifices casually, what's the matter?

Could it be that he is a traitor of the Judgment Divine Realm and has limited skills?

Qin Feng was thinking wildly.

In any case, from the information revealed by Dao Kong, the Sixth Dao Patriarch is extremely terrifying.

With his current strength, he is not an opponent!

Unless he can have the strength of the middle stage of the False God.

But the threshold combat power in the middle stage of False God is 2.5 million stars.

He's still a long way off!

By the way, the third round of rewards is about to be distributed.

I wonder if there are any treasures that can help him improve his strength in this reward?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was looking forward to the next reward.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky trembled, and the voice of heaven sounded.

[The ranking of points has been announced! 】

[Next, start issuing the top 100 rewards! 】

[Reminder: The higher the ranking, the richer the reward! 】

Chapter 496 Magical Use of God Cards! Double the reward!

As soon as the announcement came out, there was a commotion in the field.

"Dad, we're going to give out ranking rewards again! I don't know what the ranking rewards will be this time?"

Xiao Luan'er looked expectant.

Feng Xi smiled and said, "This ranking reward is better round by round! This time the reward is definitely better than the last one."

Qiyue nodded and said, "Yes! I hope the reward this time will be of some use to the master."

Qin Feng smiled slightly, and his heart was full of expectations.

Boom!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Just then, the sky shook!

The ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded again

[The 11th to the 100th place will be rewarded with 100 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', 3 Divine Soul Pills, and 3 "Enhancing Knowledge Pills". 】

boom!

The news is out!

There was an uproar!

This round of ranking rewards is much richer than the previous two rounds!

You know, the 11th to 100th place in the first round will only be rewarded with 10 Divine Essences.

The second round is 30 Divine Essences and 1 Knowledge Enhancement Pill.

In this way, the value of the third round of ranking rewards is three times that of the previous two rounds combined!

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up.

This ranking reward is really good!

It contains the Divine Soul Pill and the Knowledge Enhancement Pill that he needs.

Since eavesdropping on the conversation between Daokong and Luo Tian, ​​Qin Feng has a sense of crisis in his heart, that is, the threat from the ancestors of Liudao.

Therefore, he now urgently wants to improve his strength.

From the current point of view, his comprehensive combat power has barely crossed the threshold of the initial stage of False God, but the strength of his soul body is only at the peak of a demigod, and the power of his spiritual consciousness is also much worse than that of the initial stage of False God.

If these two aspects are improved, his overall strength will also improve a lot.

The Soul Pill and the Knowledge Enhancement Pill can strengthen his soul body and consciousness.

Of course, the main reason is that he has refined the divine essence of the Holy Land to the upper limit, and it is no longer possible to use the divine essence to enhance the combat power.

hum! hum! hum!

At this moment, ninety beams of reward beams descended continuously from the sky, falling towards the ninety contestants in the crowd... 1

The players around looked envious!

[The 4th to 10th place will be rewarded with 150 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', 6 Divine Soul Pills, and 6 Knowledge Enhancement Pills. 】

Tiandao announced the second batch of rewards...

Seven reward beams fall!

Qiyue got one of the rewards!

The players around are envious!

Tiandao continues to announce rewards...

[The third place will be rewarded with 200 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', 10 Divine Soul Pills, and 10 Knowledge Enhancement Pills. 】

[The second place will be rewarded with 300 'Sacred Land Divine Essence', 20 Divine Soul Pills, and 20 Knowledge Enhancement Pills. 】

Rewards are richer than one!

The players are salivating!