Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Both Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi put away the reward with excitement.

Soon, it was Qin Feng's turn!

Everyone pricked up their ears to listen...

[The 1st place will be rewarded with 500 'Holy Land Divine Essence', 30 Divine Soul Pills, 30 Knowledge Enhancement Pills, and 1 Double God Card (Demi-God Rank). 】

boom!

There was an uproar!

"Wow! The reward for the first place is really rich!"

"Tsk tsk! There are 500 Divine Essences alone!"

"There are also 30 Divine Soul Pills and 30 Knowledge Enhancement Pills! They are all invaluable!"

"The most precious thing is the 'Double God Card', which is actually a demigod-level God Card! It's really enviable!"

hum!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The reward beam of light falls from the sky and falls on Qin Feng

Immediately afterwards, a pile of rich rewards appeared above the beam of light, slowly falling down the beam of light.

After a while, those rewards arrived in front of Qin Feng

He looked at the reward in front of him with joy and was in a good mood.

Those 500 Divine Essences can be used to train confidants.

And 30 Soul Pills and 30 Knowledge Enhancement Pills are exactly what he needs most at the moment.

Immediately, he put away these rewards, and his eyes finally fell on the **** card of this **** level.

[Double God Card: This God tier item. 】

[Reminder: Use this card to double the game rewards. 】

[Reminder: You can only use it once in each competition. 】

what!

There is such a **** card!

interesting!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

He suddenly thought of how to get two Holy Land pass orders the next time he entered the second floor of the Holy Land.

As long as he wins the first place in the Blue Star Realm points competition, he will be rewarded with a pass.

At that time, if he uses this 'Double God Card' again, the reward will be doubled directly, and the psychic order will also be changed from one piece to two pieces.

What's even better is that the first place in the power struggle for hegemony will definitely have other generous rewards.

By then, everything will be doubled!

This **** card is really good!

Qin Feng's heart is sober!

At this time, Xiao Luan'er came over.

After a while, the little girl was pleasantly surprised: "Dad, this doubling card is really a good thing! Next time you get the first prize, if you use it again, we will make a lot of money!"

Qin Feng's heart moved, as if thinking of something.

The next second, he smiled and said, "Why wait until next time? It's time to use it now!"

hum!

Before Xiao Luan'er could react, Qin Feng activated the divine card.

The **** card suddenly floated up automatically, and the aura was released!

In the next second, it turned into a ball of golden light and dissipated between heaven and earth.

Boom!

Then, the world shook!

The voice of heaven resounded again!

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng successfully used the 'Double God Card', and his rewards in this round will be doubled. 】

[The rewards of Qin Feng are changed as follows]

[Reward 1,000 ‘Holy Land Divine Essence’, 60 Divine Soul Pills, 60 Knowledge Enhancement Pills, and 2 Double God Cards (Demigod Rank). 】

[Start to make up its rewards now]

hum!

As the prompt ended, a beam of reward light fell on Qin Feng.

Then 500 Divine Essence, 30 Divine Soul Pills, 30 Knowledge Enhancing Pills, and 2 Double Divine Cards appeared, slowly falling down the beam of light.

This series of operations left everyone stunned!

What the hell!

This works too!

Xiao Luan was shocked, then ecstatic.

Dad is so smart!

I actually used this method to double the 1 God Card into 2!

"Huh! It's the same as what I guessed!"

Qin Feng looked up at the reward in the air and breathed a sigh of relief, feeling better.

In this way, the Divine Soul Pill and the Knowledge Enhancement Pill he obtained this time reached 60.

Even better, he still has 2 Double God Cards.

It is a pity that in each competition, the Double God Card can only be used once, and he can no longer use it.

However, with these 2 Double God Cards, he is expected to get 4 Holy Land Passes.

With 4 pass orders, the next time the Holy Land opens, he and Feng Xi's three daughters can come in together.

This solves a big problem in his mind again!

Without Feng Xi's three daughters to follow, his strength would be greatly reduced.

At that time, he will have no advantage in fighting against those False Gods and even True Gods.

Soon, the reward falls!

Qin Feng put it away contentedly.

The players around were sighing, and they were so envious that they almost cried!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The reward Qin Feng alone received was several times more than all of them combined.

It's hard not to be envious!

This trip to the Holy Land!

This guy stole most of the opportunities by himself!

Some are envious, some are worried, and some are jealous!

In the crowd, Luo Tian was very worried when he saw this scene.

"Brother Daokong, Qin Feng's harvest this time is really amazing! I'm worried that when he digests these harvests, it will be even more difficult to deal with!"

Luo Tianyou's tone was full of worry.

Dao Kong also frowned.

The eyes he looked at Qin Feng were full of envy and jealousy!

But the next second, he sneered: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​don't worry! Don't look at Qin Feng's many opportunities, but he also has to spend his life!"

Luo Tian was curious: "How do you say this?"

Daokong smiled coldly: "Even if he were to refine all of them, it would take a lot of time. Do you think he can refine all those divine essences in one day?"

Luo Tian hurriedly shook his head: "Impossible! According to the normal speed, he can refine two or three hundred in one day, which is not bad."

Daokong smiled slightly: "Let's not talk about the thousands of Divine Essence. Even those Divine Soul Pills and Knowledge Enhancement Pills, he won't have time to refine them all. This time, when I return to the clan, I will wake up my family as soon as possible. Ancestor."

"My ancestors will definitely wake up after 24 hours! That's when the second round of points competition starts, and our mysterious forces will no longer be restricted from killing challengers."

"At that time, my ancestors will kill Longyuan Town and directly destroy Qin Feng. And what he got this time will only be cheaper for our Six Dao Clan."

Speaking of which, Dao Kong looked proud.

Luo Tian's eyes lit up: "Brother Daokong, you mean that after I go out, Senior Six Dao will come out in 24 hours."

Daokong nodded slightly: "Almost!"

Luo Tian was pleasantly surprised: "In other words, this Qin Feng thief can only live for 24 hours at most."

Daokong sneered: "This child is growing too fast, he is a challenger, and has been sheltered by Heaven! Therefore, we must get rid of him as soon as possible! Let him live for another 24 hours, it is the limit!"

Luo Tian was overjoyed: "That's right! The sooner you get rid of that thief, the better! However, I still don't know the location of Longyuan Town. When I return to the Blue Star Realm, even if the senior Liudao leaves the customs, they may not be able to find it immediately. Qin Feng!"

Daokong said mysteriously: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​don't worry! After I go out, I have a way to find Qin Feng's location in a very short time. This time, Qin Feng's little thief will definitely die!"

Luo Tian was delighted: "That's great!"

At the moment, the two looked at each other and smiled, and their eyes changed when they looked at Qin Feng, as if they were looking at a dying person.

In the corner, Qin Feng's mouth was slightly upturned, and he sneered in his heart.

Daokong and the two chatted privately, and naturally he couldn't escape his snooping.

This Dao Kong really underestimated him!

After all, his current comprehensive strength has also entered the early stage of False God.

Even if the Sixth Dao Patriarch personally went out and wanted to kill him, it would not be that easy.

However, he couldn't beat the Sixth Dao Ancestor, but he had a chance to escape.

But in this way, his subordinates are miserable!

Therefore, he must improve his strength as soon as possible, and he cannot let Daokong's plan succeed!

According to Dao Kong, even if the Sixth Dao Patriarch wants to take action, it will be 24 hours later.

It seems that after he goes out, he has to go to the outer star, complete the Tianwu assessment, and be promoted to the realm of heaven.

Judging from the current situation, promotion to the Heaven-level Realm is the fastest way to increase his strength.

After all, the Six Dao Patriarch gave him not much time, only 24 hours.

And Qin Feng is confident that he can successfully pass the Tianwu assessment within 24 hours.

Of course, he will also bring Feng Xi's three daughters to the assessment.

If the three girls also successfully completed the assessment and broke through to the heavenly realm, then there would be more battle power to sacrifice to him.

This is even more beneficial for him to deal with the Sixth Dao Patriarch!

Up to now, Qin Feng has realized that if he wants to complete the S-level task, he must first kill the six ancestors.

If you want to get rid of the six ancestors, I am afraid that at least you must have the combat power of the middle stage of the False God!

This task is so varied!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt emotional!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Holy Land Announcement: The opening of this round of Holy Land is about to end, and the ‘Holy Land Mall’ is now open. 】

[There are many treasures in the Holy Land Mall. All players, you can use Holy Land Points to buy the resources you need in the mall. 】

[Reminder: This mall is only developed for one hour, all players step up to buy. 】