Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: There are points that are not used by users. After going out to the Holy Land, the points will be automatically invalidated! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, there was an uproar in the audience!

You can even buy things with points!

Those players with points showed their joy one after another.

The three girls of Fengxi were pleasantly surprised!

They all have more than 200 points!

Qin Feng is even more ecstatic!

He has 5054 points!

The sum of the points of everyone in the field is not as high as that of him alone.

Next, he has to harvest another wave of opportunities.

Chapter four hundred and ninety seventh title opportunity! Holy Soul Fruit!

At this moment, the square is also noisy.

"It turns out that points have such benefits!!"

"Yeah! It's a pity that the old man has 0 points. Even if the mall is opened, I won't get the chance!"

"Hey! Me too! I still have a negative score!"

Many players in the field below 0 points are all regretful.

Of course, more people secretly envy Qin Feng!

In the crowd, Daokong and Luo Tian felt their hearts sour with envy.

"Brother Daokong, Qin Feng made a lot of money this time! That guy has 5054 points!"

Luo Tian was envious.

Daokong smiled coldly: "No matter how many benefits he gets, he will eventually make a wedding dress for my Six Dao Clan. Let that kid look good in front of people for now, and he will cry later."

Daokong laughed

On the other hand, Qin Feng naturally felt funny when he heard this conversation!

This Dao Kong is really inexplicably confident!

Qin Feng has always had the opportunity to plunder others. When can someone take advantage of him?

At least not yet!

"Dad, these Soul Pills and Knowledge Enhancement Pills are for you!"

"Master, mine is also for you!"

"Master, please accept the medicine pill!"

At this moment, the voices of Feng Xi's three girls sounded beside Qin Feng.

I saw that the three women handed over the Divine Soul Pill and the Knowledge Enhancement Pill that they had just obtained to Qin Feng.

They know that these things are exactly what their owners need.

And they don't need it for the time being.

Qin Feng is not hypocritical and accepts it with joy.

In this way, there are 96 knowledge enhancement pills and divine soul pills in his hands.

When he finishes refining these medicinal herbs, the range of his consciousness will definitely be comparable to that of the early stage of the False God.

The strength of the soul body is estimated to reach the initial stage of False God!

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Boom!

Just then, the sky shook!

Tiandao's reminder sounded again

[The Holy Land Mall has been opened! All players hurry up to exchange items]

【Countdown: 60:00:0059:59:5959:59:58】

At this moment, there is an additional shopping mall interface in the minds of all players.

Everyone quickly opened the mall interface with their thoughts and entered the browsing.

Qin Feng can't wait to enter the mall interface.

I saw that there are all kinds of **** cards, medicinal herbs, resources, materials, and weapons in it, which makes people dazzled.

Soon, Qin Feng was attracted by the first line of information on the homepage of the mall

[Attribute exchange: 1 Holy Land point can be exchanged for 100 free attributes]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was amazed.

100 attribute points, I think it is equivalent to a combat power of about 2 stars.

This Holy Land Points are really valuable!

However, Qin Feng is not in a hurry to exchange attributes.

He wanted to see if there were any more worthwhile items to exchange.

At the moment, he browsed the mall

After a while, he saw a demigod treasure

[Title Chance Card: Low Grade God Rank]

[Exchange points: 2000 points]

【Inventory: 1 piece】

[After using this card, you can get a new title]

[Reminder: Only those who have the title of "Anti-God" have the right to exchange this card. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Gee!

It is actually a treasure of the low-grade god-level!

He didn't expect that in addition to the special treasure chests that could open low-grade god-level treasures, the mall could also buy low-grade god-level treasures.

This is really a great opportunity!

Looking at its value, it requires 2000 Holy Land Points!

It's not cheap!

In the entire Holy Land, there will never be more than five people who can achieve more than 2,000 points.

However, not enough points can be redeemed.

It also requires those who have the title of 'Anti-God' to be eligible to redeem.

And Qin Feng is an anti-god!

The God-defying man is a challenger, a title that can only be obtained, and the guardian and the mysterious person have no chance to obtain it.

Therefore, in the entire Holy Land, only Qin Feng is a God-defying person!

To put it bluntly, this card is clearly prepared for him!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled.

Having said that, this title chance card, is it to open the title above the god-defying person?

If so, then this card is definitely worth redeeming!

Because every time he is promoted to a new title, his strength will skyrocket!

Now, he is worrying about how to improve his strength!

If there is an opportunity to be promoted to a new title, you must not miss it!

With this in mind, Qin Feng chose to exchange without hesitation

[Successful exchange: You spent 2,000 Holy Land points to exchange for a title chance card (low-grade god-level)]

With a flash of white light, Qin Feng has a splendid purple-gold divine card in his hand!

There was only one title chance card in the entire mall, and it was in his hands.

At the moment, he couldn't wait to take a closer look

[Title Chance Card: Low Grade God Rank]

[Conditions of use: The basic combat power reaches 1 million stars, and you have the title of 'God Against God', you can activate this moment with a drop of blood and obtain a higher-level title task. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was amazed.

His current basic combat power is 963,000 stars, and he is not qualified to use it.

It can be seen that the title task opened by this **** card is extraordinary!

If he starts the mission and successfully obtains a new title, it will definitely help him greatly to improve his strength.

This thought filled his heart with anticipation.

Having said that, Qin Feng's current basic combat power is 963,000 stars, which is not far from the standard 1 million stars.

As long as he works hard, he should be able to achieve it soon!

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the 'title chance card' and continued to browse

Soon, he saw the second treasure of interest

[Kunpeng Divine Blood (Lower Grade): The Peak of the Demigod Rank]

[Exchange points: 1000 points]

【Inventory: 1 group】

[Reminder: Only when the bloodline talent reaches SS level, and the wind system law is mastered, the strength of the soul body reaches the level of the semi-god world can refine this divine blood. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng once again showed a happy expression

God blood finally appeared!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Instead of the blood of various divine beasts in the past!

He also fully met the conditions for refining Kunpeng Divine Blood.

Having said that, even the low-grade Kunpeng Divine Blood has reached the pinnacle level of the semi-god rank.

If this is refined, the bloodline strength of Qin Feng will be improved, which will be earth-shaking.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng directly chose to exchange!

[Successful exchange: You spent 1,000 Holy Land points to exchange for a group of Kunpeng Divine Blood (the peak of the semi-god rank)]

Another nice catch!

Qin Feng is very satisfied and continues to search

Not long after, he found another excellent treasure.

[Sacred Soul Fruit: Low Grade God Rank]

[Exchange points: 2000 points]

【Inventory: 1 piece】

【After taking it, you can automatically awaken the ninth consciousness - Amara consciousness. 】

[Reminder: To eat this spiritual fruit, the strength of the soul body needs to be above the False God realm, and the soul body below the strength of the False God realm will collapse instantly under the power of this spiritual fruit. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was full of surprises!