Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Awaken the ninth sense!

Exactly what he needs most now!

As long as he awakens his ninth sense, the fusion degree of the divine pupil of the **** of punishment will immediately increase to 100%.

His combat power will instantly soar to 200,000 stars!

Various pupil skills will also increase in power!

However, if you want to eat the Spirit Fruit, you need the strength of the soul body to reach the False God realm.

Qin Feng's current soul strength is the pinnacle of a demigod.

However, he just got 96 Divine Soul Pills.

If all refining, can greatly enhance the strength of his soul.

There are also 96 awareness enhancement pills, which can not only refine and increase spiritual awareness, but also improve the strength of the soul.

If the two kinds of divine pills are refined, his soul body strength may reach the False God realm.

At that time, he can directly refine the Holy Spirit Fruit and automatically awaken the ninth consciousness.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect.

At the moment, he couldn't wait to choose to exchange

[Successful exchange: You spent 2,000 Holy Land Points to exchange for 1 Holy Soul Fruit (Lower God Rank)]

In the next second, there was another white spiritual fruit in front of Qin Feng, showing a colorful brilliance and exuding majestic soul power fluctuations.

That is the Holy Soul Fruit!

Qin Feng happily put it away.

So far, he has redeemed two low-grade god-level treasures and one demigod-level peak treasure.

He still has 45 points left in his hands.

Afterwards, Qin Feng used 40 of them to exchange for 4 Soul Pills.

1 Divine Soul Pill is 10 points.

In the end, the remaining 5 points were converted into 500 attributes by him.

At this point, his points have been exhausted, and once again he has gained a lot of money!

After Qin Feng exited the mall, he saw that Feng Xi's three daughters had finished the exchange, and they all looked at him with joy.

"Dad, I exchanged a lot of good things this time!"

Xiao Luan said happily.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

With this little guy's 213 points, it is limited to say what good things can be exchanged, and it is absolutely incomparable with Qin Feng's achievements.

However, Xiao Luan's total points ranked third in the field, which is still far more than the players in the field.

"Master, I have exchanged a lot of energy pills this time. After I refine it, I should be able to break through to level 40. At that time, I will be able to participate in the Tianwu assessment with you."

At this time, Qiyue was also excited.

The energy elixir, as the name implies, can obtain a large amount of energy after refining, which is a divine elixir for upgrading!

Today, Qiyue is still level 39 and has not reached the level standard for participating in the Tianwu assessment.

Of course she is in a hurry to upgrade!

She didn't want to drag her master down for her own reasons.

Qin Feng nodded gratified: "Very good! Yue'er, you speed up the upgrade. When you reach level 40, we will go to the outer world to participate in the assessment!"

"Yeah!" Qi Yue nodded happily.

At this time, Feng Xi said pretty lively: "Master, although we have exchanged it, the Holy Land will not send us out until the mall is closed. Calculate the time, there are still more than forty minutes!"

Qin Feng's heart moved: "Time is precious! Yue'er, turn on the time force field. Let's take advantage of this time to digest this harvest as soon as possible!"

"Um"

Qiyue nodded obediently.

The next second, the little girl turned on the time force field, covering the four of them.

Afterwards, the four Qin Feng meditated.

More than forty minutes, under the action of Qiyue time force field, is equivalent to seven or eight hours in the outside world.

Such a long time is enough for them to digest some results...

Just like this, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he released a spiritual barrier, covering the four people's figures.

This is a means that can only be possessed by a strong consciousness.

And with his divine sense ability, no one in the field could break his barrier and spy on his actions.

After finishing these trivial matters, Qin Feng took out a Divine Soul Pill, swallowed it directly, and began to refine it.

Qiyue also took out an energy pill and began to refine it.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan’er were refining their Divine Essence to speed up their strength.

In this way, Qin Feng and the four digested the harvest while waiting for the closure of the Holy Land.

At the same moment, in the Blue Star Realm, Long Yuan Zhenren.

At this moment, Long Yuan's chat channel was full of enthusiasm.

Calculate the time, the Holy Land should be closed!

The disciples of Long Yuan are anxiously waiting for Qin Feng's return

The four hundred and ninetieth chapter of the title of **** card! Lingtian Temple!

At this moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel, Liu Xuan's avatar kept beating.

Liu Xuan: "Brothers, count the time, the boss should come out soon!"

"Yeah! I don't know what the boss's harvest will be this time?"

"Needless to say! With the ability of the boss, there will be a great harvest. In my opinion, their harvest this time should be ranked high in the Blue Star Realm."

"Of course! It is estimated that the boss's harvest will be able to enter the top five in the Blue Star Realm!"

"Upstairs, it's hard to say! Those who can enter the Holy Land are basically demigod realm powerhouses, and there are many middle demigods and peak demigods. The overall strength of the boss is only in the early demigod stage. He wants to be in the Blue Star Realm. Among the forty or so strong, it is a bit difficult to enter the top five!"

"There's some truth to what the upstairs said!"

"That's what I said, but don't forget, the old man also has Qiyue, Xiaoluan'er, and Fengxi girl to help. Plus, the boss's luck has always been excellent. It is still possible for him to enter the top five in the Blue Star Realm. of."

"It makes sense! I believe that the boss's harvest this time will definitely not be bad!"

At this moment, the chat channel is arguing

These Long Yuan disciples also thought that it was hard to say whether Qin Feng's harvest could enter the top five in the Blue Star Realm.

After all, those who can enter the Holy Land are basically demigods, and Qin Feng is at the Earth-level realm, so they are inevitably a little worried.

But they didn't know that Qin Feng's harvest this time was extremely amazing!

The combined harvest of all the players in the entire Blue Star Realm is not even one thousandth of his.

Not to mention the entire Blue Star Realm, even in Area 73, the combined harvest of a hundred star realm players is not as good as 1% of Qin Feng's.

Qin Feng's achievement in entering the Holy Land this time is absolutely unprecedented, and there is no ancient person since.

In short, these disciples of Long Yuan far underestimated the achievements of their boss!

If they knew the truth, they would be shocked by their jaws!

At this moment, in the chat channel, Granny Feng Qi's avatar jumped.

Granny Feng Qi: "Everyone, tell me, what level of comprehensive strength can the master reach after he comes out this time?"

For Qin Feng's harvest, she is more concerned about the change of Qin Feng's strength.

Because Qin Feng's strength represents the strength of Long Yuan's foundation.

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Xuan: "If I were to guess, it would definitely reach the middle stage of a demigod!"

Lei Jue: 293 "I also think it's the middle stage of a demigod!"

Qishan: "Haha! This old man thinks so too!"

Granny Feng Qi was surprised: "In the middle stage of the demigod? This time the Holy Land has only been opened for more than ten hours. Before the master entered, he was only at the initial stage of the demigod. Can he improve so fast?"

At this time, Feng Ying's avatar also jumped.

Feng Ying: "Everyone, there is a huge gap between the initial stage of demigods and the middle stage of demigods. Some strong people can't break through for decades. The master only takes ten hours, how can they break through so quickly?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone laughed!

Liu Xuan said proudly: "Haha! Miss Fengying, that's something you have never seen before. The eldest's talent is terrifying! His strength has improved, and he has always soared like a rocket. It can't be rationalized at all!"

Lei Jue: "That's right! Every time, we overestimated the improvement of the boss. But in the end, we all underestimated him. Now, we dare not underestimate him. Saying that the boss is a mid-stage demigod, It's not an exaggeration at all!"

Feng Ying took a deep breath of cold air: "Anyway, in just ten hours, the master's strength has increased from the initial stage of a demigod to the middle stage of a demigod, which is a bit exaggerated. It's unbelievable!"

Liu Xuan said proudly: "Miss Fengying, don't believe it, our boss has always been creating miracles!"

"When he comes back, if you ask him about his strength again, you will know if we are exaggerating. Maybe he has the strength of the peak of the demigod."

Feng Ying was skeptical: "Oh!"

She still couldn't believe it!

In just ten hours, the master's comprehensive strength has soared from the initial stage of a demigod to the middle stage of a demigod.

Speaking of which, it's too shocking!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Liu Xuan also said that the master may have reached the threshold of the pinnacle of demigods, which is really exaggerated to the limit!

In fact, not only Feng Ying thought this way, but also Granny Feng Qi and all the daughters of the Feng clan.

They all felt that Liu Xuan's evaluation of the master was too exaggerated!

Because that's totally unreasonable!

Even if the master is a monster-level genius born every billion years, it is impossible to do it!

But they didn't know that Liu Xuan's evaluation was not exaggerated at all, but greatly underestimated.

Today, Qin Feng's strength is not only the threshold of the peak of demigods, but the early stage of false gods!

That is dozens of times stronger than the threshold of the peak of the demigod, even a hundred times, and has already entered the level of power!

At this moment, in the channel, Wu Yong's avatar jumped.

Wu Yong: "Everyone, during the time when the boss is away. We attacked the city and conquered the land, and even destroyed many mysterious forces and guardian forces, and the harvest was huge!"

Longshan said with a smile: "Yeah! This time is really cool! Killing those challengers and secretaries, we all gained a lot of energy and attribute values. Today's Longyuan Town should not have a combat power of 3000. Below star rating?"

Liu Xuan laughed loudly: "Haha! It's really not there! Now, our Long Yuan up and down, our combat power is above 3000 stars. When the boss comes back, he will definitely be very relieved to see this scene."

Lei Jue said with a smile: "The boss must know these details! His four avatars have always been there. It should be said that Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue will definitely drop their jaws when they come back!"

As soon as these words fell, Long Yuan showed joy from above and below, and he was quite proud in his heart.

It turned out that during Qin Feng's absence, Long Yuan up and down, under the leadership of the four avatars, attacked cities and lands everywhere.

The protection of the disciples is great, and the combat power has reached more than 3,000 stars, and even more than 1,000 people have reached more than 5,000 stars.

Combat power reaching 3000 stars or more means that the combat power has reached the second level of heaven.

If the combat power reaches 5000 stars or more, that is the combat power of the third level or above.

People like Lei Jue, Wu Yong, Longshan, Qiyun, Fengying, Liu Yuan, etc., have reached the eighth level of heaven.

Liu Xuan and Elder Qishan reached the peak of the eighth level of heaven.

Feng Qi's mother-in-law has reached the ninth level of heaven.

In short, the overall strength of Longyuan Town has improved a lot.