Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Today's children of Long Yuan are like dragons, far exceeding the children of the top ten mysterious forces.

Even the strongest disciples of the Six Dao clan couldn't compare to the disciples of Long Yuan.

In addition, the Six Dao Clan also had some disciples from the peak of the earth level and the first level of the heaven level.

And the weakest in Longyuan Town are above the second level of heaven.

So far, Longyuan Town has the strength and heritage to dominate the first division!

Of course, Longyuan Town can improve so fast, to a large extent, it is the blessing of heaven for the challenger.

Coupled with Qin Feng's four avatars sweeping the Quartet, everything will be done!

At this moment, in the chat channel, everyone continued to chat excitedly.

"Everyone, count the time, the second round of points competition is about to start!"

"Yeah! In another six hours or so, the second round of hegemony will begin."

"This second round of hegemony is to see who is the real overlord of the first division!"

"At present, our opponents are the Liudao Clan, the Luo Tian Clan, and the Dun Kong Clan, who sees nothing but the dragon. The rest of the guardian forces and challenge forces are not worth mentioning!"

"Yeah! These things will be dealt with after the boss comes back."

"By the way, with the strength of our Longyuan Town, we should be able to rise to level 7 town, right?"

With that being said, everyone is concerned.

Every time Longyuan Town is upgraded, everyone's strength skyrockets, and they naturally want Longyuan Town to be upgraded sooner.

I just don't know why Longyuan Town has not been upgraded yet?

At this moment, the head of the elder Qishan jumped.

Qishan: "Everyone, our Longyuan Town has already reached the upgrade standard, and we are only three titles away."

"Noble appointment? What is that?!"

"Yeah! Why haven't you heard of it before?"

Qishan: "Everyone, have you forgotten? When we were promoted to level 6 town, the master was granted a 'title authorization' permission. The master can authorize the title of a certain subordinate, allowing a subordinate to obtain a certain amount of title. Administrative rights."

"And there is a rule in the standard for a town to be promoted to level 7. That is, under the mayor, there must be three subordinates who have obtained titles. In that case, we can only be promoted to level 7 in Longyuan Town!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was stunned!

"So this is ah!"

"It's easy to handle! When the boss comes back, let him directly award titles to the three subordinates!"

Qishan smiled bitterly: "Everyone, it's not that simple to confer a title. Each time a person is awarded a title, it will consume a ninth-rank 'title card'."

Everyone was shocked!

"Damn it! You even need a 'sacred title card' for the conferring of titles!"

"That card is still Tier 9! That's very rare!"

"Yeah! Once the item reaches the ninth level, it is extremely difficult to obtain whether it is a **** card or anything! It seems that our boss doesn't seem to have a title **** card, right?"

"Definitely no more! If there were, the boss would have awarded him a title long ago. You don't need to guess, you know that there are great benefits to being awarded a title. Why would the boss ignore the benefits?"

"So, our upgrade of Longyuan Town is stuck!"

"Yeah! If we can't get three noble titles, it's impossible for us to upgrade to a level 7 town!"

"Hey! I don't know where to get the title card?"

At this moment, everyone was worried.

At this moment, Qishan's head jumped again.

Qishan: "Everyone, it's actually not difficult to get the 'Noble God Card'. There is one for sale in the Lingtian Temple in the outer world."

boom!

As soon as these words came out, the audience was shocked!

"Lingtian Temple? That's not the place to participate in the Tianwu assessment!"

"Yes! It's where!"

"It turns out that Lingtian Temple has a title **** card for sale! That's great! With the current strength of the boss, he can already participate in the Tianwu assessment. He can buy three title **** cards by the way."

"That's right! As long as the boss buys the title card and completes the title authorization by the way, our Longyuan Town will be able to rise to level 7 immediately. It will be cool then!"

Qishan: "Everyone, don't be too optimistic! Although Lingtian Temple has a title card for sale, there must be a purchase threshold. It's hard to say whether the master can buy three cards!"

This reminder made everyone a little worried.

"Yes! If the threshold is too high, the boss will spend a lot of energy!"

"Hey! I hope the boss can buy it smoothly! I can't wait to upgrade Longyuan Town!"

"Stop talking about this! All of this, we'll talk about it after the boss comes back."

"Yeah! We can only wait for the boss to come back."

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked forward to Qin Feng's return.

Time flies!

Before I knew it, forty minutes passed.

Inside the Holy Land, Area 73 Square.

More than 40 minutes have passed in the outside world, and in the time force field, only eight hours have passed.

At this moment, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

In these eight hours, he refined 80 Divine Soul Pills, and the strength of his soul body soared from the peak level of a demigod to the limit level of a demigod, which was not far from the threshold level of a false god.

The strength of the soul body increases greatly, and the combat power will also increase.

As a result, his basic combat power has increased from 963,000 to 980,000 stars, which is only 20,000 stars away from the goal of 1 million stars.

"There are still 20 Divine Soul Pills and 96 Knowledge Enhancement Pills that have not been refined. I wonder if after these Divine Pills are refined, will my soul body reach the level of False God?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, a little uneasy.

He didn't dare to skyrocket. After those medicinal pills were refined, the soul body would definitely be able to obtain the False God realm.

If the soul body cannot reach the False God realm, he cannot take the Holy Soul Fruit, and the matter of awakening the ninth consciousness will have to be delayed again.

However, no matter how things develop.

After he left the Holy Land, he had to go to the Lingtian Temple in the outer sky!

Completing the Tianwu assessment and breaking through to the heaven-level realm is already imminent!

Boom!

At this moment, next to Qin Feng, the vitality suddenly rolled and the roar continued.

He hurriedly turned his head to look, and saw that Qi Yue's whole body was soaring, and his body lit up with an upgraded light.

After a while, the light dissipated!

Qi Yue opened her eyes with joy.

The little girl has finally reached level 40!

"Master, I've leveled up! I can go to the Tianwu assessment!"

Qi Yue said happily, unable to hide her excitement.

She finally won't hold back her master.

"well-done!"

Qin Feng was quite relieved and nodded with a smile.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er were also alarmed and opened their eyes one after another.

When the two girls learned that Qiyue was upgraded, they were really happy for Qiyue.

Having said that, in the past eight hours, the two girls have also refined a lot of divine essence, and their strength has been greatly improved.

Feng Xi's combat power has risen to 185,000 stars, and Xiao Luan'er has risen to 155,000 stars.

This also makes Qin Feng quite gratified.

"Dad, that's great! Sister Yue'er has also risen to level 40. After we go out, let's go to Lingtian Temple in Waixingtian!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er said excitedly.

The little guys couldn't wait.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Let's talk about it after we go out!"

Boom!

These words just fell, and the sky shook!

The ethereal voice of Tiandao also sounded

【Countdown is over! The mall is closed!】

[One minute later, the Holy Land will be closed, players please be prepared]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, there was a commotion in the audience!

The trip to the Holy Land is finally over!

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand and removed the spiritual barrier around him.

On the square, the players also stopped refining the medicinal pills and divine essence, and waited for them to be sent out by the Holy Land.

Chapter 499 New Opportunities! God killer!

"It's finally over!"

"yes!"

"Hey! The once-in-a-thousand-year opportunity of the Holy Land is over. I don't seem to have gotten much benefit from this old man!"

"It's the same below!"

At this moment, in the square, all the players sighed.

"Everyone, this search opportunity is not good! There is still another chance!"

"Next time? You mean the chance of opening the second floor of the Holy Land? If so, Your Excellency will think too much. The second floor of the Holy Land is opened, and there are only two places in a star realm. I can't even think about it!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"It's true! It's really hard to get a place in the second tier!"

As soon as the words fell, most of them laughed bitterly.

Only a few players remained silent.

This includes Taixu Patriarch and Jinshen.

With their strength, there is a high chance of being able to get a place on the second floor of the Holy Land.

Of course, some people in the crowd are also looking at Qin Feng.

They were muttering in their hearts, this Qin Feng should also be able to enter the second floor!

However, Daokong and Luo Tian didn't think so.

At this moment, the two of them kept mumbling.

"Brother Daokong, the Holy Land will be closed soon. After we go out, we must act immediately."

Luo Tian reminded in a low voice.

Daokong nodded slightly: "After my Hui clan, I immediately started the ceremony to wake up my ancestors! You go and contact the other eight mysterious forces, and let their patriarchs and elders come to my Six Dao clan's residence quickly to meet."

Luo Tian nodded: "Okay!"

Daokong smiled proudly and said: "When my ancestor wakes up, he will lead our ten clan powerhouses to Longyuan Town. At that time, Qin Feng and Longyuan Town will both become history!"

Luo Tian said happily: "Yes! That kid will still be alive for more than twenty hours. It's ridiculous that the other players thought that kid had entered the second floor of the Holy Land. If he could enter, it would be Senior Six Paths, not That kid."