Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Hearing this, Dao Kong smiled proudly.

But then, he shook his head again and said, "It's hard to say whether my ancestors can enter the second floor! Every time the second and third rounds of points competition are reached, some sleeping old monsters will wake up. It is also permitted by God.”

"That's... that's true!"

Luo Tian nodded slightly and said no more.

In the corner, Qin Feng eavesdropped on this, and was secretly surprised.

Sleeping old monster?

Could it be that there is more than one old monster like the Six Dao Patriarch in the Blue Star Realm?

If this is the case, the next two rounds of points competition will not be as simple as imagined.

Otherwise, Dao Kong would not have such a tone.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

He was not even sure whether the Sixth Dao Patriarch could enter the second floor.

From Daokong's tone, it can be seen that old monsters like Liudao's ancestors seem to be restricted by Tiandao in the first round of points competition.

And there is no limit to the second and third rounds!

"I didn't expect it! Things have changed like this!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and there was an invisible pressure in his heart.

Boom!

Just then, the air shook

Heaven's voice sounded!

【The opening of this Holy Land is over! Start sending everyone back]

call out! call out! call out!

As soon as the voice fell, white light flashed in the field.

All the players turned into white light and disappeared in place out of thin air

Qin Feng only felt that the sky was spinning for a while, and the white light was spinning around.

In the next second, he found that he had appeared above the Haoyang Clan's station.

Afterwards, white light flashed next to him, and Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue also appeared one after another.

This is where they originally started!

Qin Feng was overjoyed when he saw the three girls appearing.

He was just about to say something when a sudden change occurred in the field.

call out! call out! call out!

I saw tens of thousands of white lights, escaping from the void and frantically pouring into his body

Suddenly, Qin Feng's whole body was engulfed by white light, and the whole body turned into a dazzling light group, which was particularly dazzling in this dark night, like a day of day, illuminating the entire valley

It turned out that it was already dark night in the Blue Star Realm!

At the same time, Qin Feng's mind kept coming from Tiandao's reminders.

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (mid-stage demigod), you have gained +500,000 attributes, +5 billion energy points, and +200,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden Person (the initial stage of the demigod), you have obtained +200,000 attributes, +2 billion energy points, and +100,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak), you have gained +80,000 attributes, +420 million energy points, and +12,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden Person (Heavenly Peak), you have obtained +78,000 attributes, +410 million energy points, and +11,000 points. 】

It turned out that after Qin Feng returned to the Blue Star Realm, the rules of Heaven's Dao disappeared.

The benefits of the four clones slaughtering those guardians and secretaries were all fed back at this moment.

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy points, and points are soaring like a volcanic eruption, out of control!

The scene was earth-shattering!

Feng Xi's three girls were stunned!

After a full quarter of an hour, the hundreds of thousands of backfeeding ended!

Qin Feng opened his eyes in surprise

But at this moment, mutation regeneration occurred!

call out! call out! call out!

Another streak of white light came from the sky, madly pouring into his body

[Reminder: Your townsman Cao Yuan's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 400 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Wei Tao's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have received 400 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your townsman Li Xingyue's combat power has exceeded 2000 stars, and you have received 400 attribute points as a reward. 】

At this moment, the 2000-star combat power feedback is automatically activated again

It turned out that before he entered the Holy Land last time, he had obtained more than a thousand battle power back-feeding, and did not reach the upper limit.

This time, he only came out of the Holy Land, and the follow-up feedback came.

In this way, one after another white light madly poured into Qin Feng's body

His attribute points soared wildly again

He closed his eyes involuntarily, enjoying the crazy skyrocketing of his attribute points again.

After a while, the backfeeding reached the upper limit of the number of people, and all the visions dissipated.

Qin Feng opened his eyes again, his face full of joy.

It was at this moment that a continuously upgraded white light lit up on his body again.

【Your level has been promoted to level 49! 】

【Your strength index increases by 200 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 200 points! 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 50! 】

【Your strength index increases by 200 points! 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 51! 】

【Your strength index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 500 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 500 points! 】

【You get 200 free attributes! 】

good! good!

Qin Feng laughed!

This time, he has been promoted three levels in a row, reaching level 51 in one fell swoop.

He also found that after reaching level 51, the increase in the four-dimensional index more than doubled.

In short, this feeling of continuous upgrading is really cool!

This is also very beneficial to his next breakthrough to the demigod realm!

"Dad, you seem to have gained a lot!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan's voice rang from the side.

The little guy's tone was full of envy and admiration.

Qin Feng came back to his senses and looked aside.

Seeing that the three girls were all looking at him with surprise, their happy expressions were all from the bottom of their hearts.

They sincerely hope that their masters will become stronger and stronger!

Qin Feng said with a smile: "There are a lot of gains! This time, the four of us entered the Holy Land, and neither the four clones nor the disciples of Longyuan were idle. Now, there is no one with a combat power lower than 3000 stars in Longyuan Town. ."

As soon as these words came out, the three girls of Feng Xi were surprised!

They naturally hope that Longyuan Town will become stronger and stronger!

At the same time, Qin Feng couldn't wait to open the panel to check the latest harvest.

[Level]: Level 51 17.16%

[Reputation]: 1800 points (God-defying)

[Basic combat power]: 980,000 stars

[Free attribute]: 5.612 million points

[Personal points]: 3.163 million points

[Longyuan Points]: 4.372 million points

After reading the information, Qin Feng was ecstatic!

This time, the back-feeding harvest is too great, and the free attribute points alone have reached 5.612 million points, which is really amazing!

By the way, if he adds all these attribute points, the basic combat power can break through to 1 million stars!

In this way, he can use the chance title card of the low-grade **** rank!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he hurriedly started adding points.

When Feng Xi's three girls saw that he was adding points, they naturally did not dare to disturb him.

It was at this moment that the sound of breaking the air below sounded again and again.

Feng Xi's three girls couldn't help but look down, and saw dozens of slender women flying from below.

The leader is Feng Ying!

It turned out that the huge movement made by Qin Feng alarmed Feng Ying and others who were staying at the Haoyang Clan, and they came up to check one by one.

In fact, at this very moment, the Longyuan Town chat channel has long been fried!

"Everyone, look at our points! Our points soared to 4.372 million points!"

0

"Hey! It's true! Didn't we only have more than one million points before? Why did it rise so much all of a sudden?"

"Haha! It must be the boss back! As soon as the boss comes back, the rules of heaven will no longer be suppressed, and he will get a lot of feedback and points!"

"Yes! That's great! The boss is back! The boss is finally back!"

At this moment, Long Yuan cheered up and down!

Everyone's reliance and trust in Qin Feng cannot be increased!

It can be said that Qin Feng is the pillar of Longyuan Town and must not fall!

After the excitement, everyone chatted excitedly again.

Qishan: "Everyone, where is the master now?"

Granny Feng Qi: "Master's departure point is in Tanggu, where Haoyang is stationed. He should be there."

Liu Xuan: "Miss Fengying is stationed in that place! Hurry up and ask her if the boss is back?"

As soon as these words fell, Feng Ying's avatar jumped.

Fengying: "Tell everyone a good news! The master is really back, and he is in Tanggu right now!"

All the way, Long Yuan cheered again!

The boss is finally back!

They were also relieved!