Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After a while, Qin Feng finally finished adding points, and his combat power suddenly soared to 1.092 million stars.

This fully meets the standard of use of 1 million stars!

The feedback this time is really powerful!

Immediately, he took out the 'title chance card' of the low-grade god-level from the storage ring, and began to break the blood and drop the blood on the **** card.

hum!

After Shenka sucked the blood essence, it bloomed with dazzling golden light!

In the dark night, the whole valley is illuminated!

In the next second, the divine card turned into a ball of golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

【You have successfully used the 'Title Chance Card'! Congratulations on activating the new title opportunity - 'God Killer']

[Godkiller: Only challengers who have the premise title 'God Defeater' will have the opportunity to obtain this opportunity. 】

[Acquisition conditions: The basic combat power reaches 1.2 million stars or more, and the prestige reaches 2000 points or more to obtain this title. 】

[Reminder: After you get it successfully, you will get 100,000-star title combat power, as well as a special chance to join the path. 】

God killer!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

It turned out that after obtaining this new title, he was able to get a 100,000-star combat power blessing.

Even better, it will also give you a special chance to join the path.

After completing the Tianwu assessment, the earth-level spiritual seal will evolve into a heaven-level Taoist foundation.

Then fuse the Dao base into the soul body, which is the so-called combined Dao!

It seems that this special opportunity to join the Dao is also related to the Tianwu assessment!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled!

He was planning to go to Lingtian Temple to participate in the Tianwu assessment!

Chapter 500: Go to the Extraterrestrial Heaven! Make the most of it!

At this moment, Qin Feng is in a good mood.

However, he also knew that he had to obtain the title of 'God Killer' before he could get that special chance to join the Dao.

To get the title of God Slayer, you need to have a basic combat power of 1.2 million stars and a reputation of 2,000.

His current basic combat strength is 1.092 million stars, and his reputation is 1800 points, which is not far from obtaining the target.

However, he had to act quickly.

Because he came back, Daokong and Luo Tian also rushed back.

Those two guys must have started targeting him, starting to lay out

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at Feng Xi's three daughters.

I saw Feng Xi's three daughters, Feng Ying and others, chatting hotly.

The faces of the women were all excited.

As soon as she saw Qin Feng, Feng Ying hurriedly stepped forward to meet her.

"Feng Ying has seen the master!"

Fengying bowed respectfully.

The look in her eyes was full of admiration, but also contained a touch of admiration.

Just now, she learned from her sister that the master's strength should reach the limit of the peak of a demigod, and it may even be the threshold of a false god.

The news shocked her so much!

It also made her admire Qin Feng even more, and the love in her heart is beyond words!

Not only her, but the women of the Feng clan who came with her all looked at Qin Feng with strange emotions.

Obviously, Feng Xi had some misjudgments about Qin Feng's strength.

Qin Feng's current strength is not only the threshold of False God.

Of course, Qin Feng will not explain.

He smiled and nodded to the girls as a courtesy.

At this time, Feng Ying said with a look of admiration again: "Master, when you come back, my points in Longyuan Town have changed, and it has reached 4.372 million points!"

All the way, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue were all surprised.

The three girls hurriedly checked, and it was true!

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er said in surprise: "Dad, there are so many points! In this way, in the second round, our Longyuan Town will definitely be able to secure the first place!"

Qiyue also nodded excitedly: "Yes! We originally estimated that we could win the first place with two or three million points in the second round. Now it has more than four million points, and winning the first place is stable. It seems that , in the second round, we were much more relaxed."

Hearing this, the girls smiled and nodded, feeling the same.

Qin Feng smiled wryly and shook his head: "Yue'er, it's not as simple as you think! In this second round, let alone winning the first place, it's hard to say whether our Longyuan Town can be saved!"

As soon as these words fell, the girls were surprised.

Qiyue puzzled: "Master, why?"

"It's the way it is! This time, the Six Dao Clan also hid an ancestor who came from the Judgment God Realm and was once a Judgment Supreme"

At the moment, Qin Feng told the story of the six ancestors.

In the Holy Land Square before, there were so many people, so it was inconvenient for him to tell Feng Xi's three daughters.

Now that he has returned to Longyuan's sphere of influence, he naturally has no scruples.

After the girls heard it, their expressions changed greatly, and they were too shocked to speak.

After a long while, Feng Xi took a deep breath and said: "Master, according to Dao Kong's tone, the comprehensive strength of the six ancestors should be close to the threshold of the mid-stage False God. Otherwise, he will not be so confident."

Qin Feng sighed: "Yes! I think so too!"

Qi Yue anxiously said: "Master, if this is the case, our Longyuan Town will be in danger!"

"Yeah! Dad! According to Dao Kong, the Sixth Dao Patriarch will leave the border in 24 hours. With his strength, he will kill someone soon! What should I do?"

Xiao Luan'er also looked worried.

Qin Feng said coldly: "What are you afraid of?! Soldiers come to block, water to earth! From the current point of view, the second round of points competition is the battle between my Longyuan Town and Liudao Clan, and the rest of the forces are nothing to worry about! "

"What's more, we have already destroyed seven of the top ten mysterious forces! The rest of the Daluo clan and the Dunkong clan have nothing to worry about. Therefore, we only need to concentrate on dealing with the Six Dao clan."

"And the one who can threaten us in the Six Dao Clan is the Six Dao Ancestor. As long as I raise my comprehensive strength to the peak level of the early stage of the False God, I can withstand the attack of the Six Dao Ancestor."

"As long as I can withstand the first wave of his attack, I don't have to be afraid in the follow-up. Even, we can take advantage of the challenger's advantage and fight back step by step!"

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "It makes sense!"

But then, she worried: "Master, the Sixth Dao Patriarch will wake up in 24 hours, and then deduct his travel time. You only have twenty-five or six hours at most."

"You want to increase your strength to the peak level of the initial stage of the False God in such a short period of time, I'm afraid it is too difficult! After all, the peak combat power of the early stage of the False God is 2.5 million stars!"

Qi Yue also nodded: "Yes! This time is too hasty!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "It's really difficult, but it's not impossible! If we can successfully pass the Tianwu assessment within 24 hours, it will greatly improve my combat power."

"In addition, the incubation period of Jumang should be about ten days. If it is assisted by Qiyue's time force field, it can also hatch in 24 hours. With its help, the hope is even greater."

In fact, three days have passed since the incubation of Jumang.

As long as another seven days or so, the little guy can hatch.

This time, all the girls nodded after hearing this, and hope was ignited in their hearts!

At the moment, Qi Yue urged: "Master, let's go to Lingtian Temple in Waixingtian, the sooner the better!"

Feng Xi also said: "Yeah! Master, it's not too late! Let's go there early, and we should be better prepared in case of emergencies!"

Qin Feng nodded: "That's true! By the way, Feng Ying, you can go to the chat channel later and tell everyone about the Six Dao Patriarch, so that everyone can be prepared."

"Yes! Master!" Feng Ying hurriedly agreed.

Qin Feng added: "Also, there are almost 36 sites in Longyuan Town. This is 4 sites away from the target of 40 sites. So tonight, let everyone not rest and continue to attack the city."

"I hope we will have 40 sites before the second round starts."

Qin Feng gave another order.

He wanted to own 40 sites as soon as possible, so as to unlock the feedback of breaking 5000 stars.

In this way, it will allow him to increase his strength.

Now, in order to resist the attack of the Sixth Dao Patriarch, Qin Feng is unwilling to miss any way to improve his strength.

"My subordinates understand! I'll tell everyone what you mean in a moment!"

"it is good!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng waved.

call out! call out! call out!

I saw a flash of white light in front of him, and the four avatars appeared out of thin air.

Then, he waved his hand again, and the three divine swords flew towards the Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone respectively.

That is the inferior artifact - Killing Star Sword, Star Trapping Sword, Jue Xing Sword.

Qin Feng has not obtained the mid-grade artifact 'Xingjian Array', so he cannot use four swords at the same time.

In this case, he will use the three major swords for the three clones respectively.

The three avatars can be combined with the three swords to complete the integration of human and equipment, thereby greatly improving their strength.

After doing this, Qin Feng waved again and took Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er into the zero-degree space.

Afterwards, he also disappeared out of thin air, leaving only a space node the size of a soy bean in the field.

The Mirage clone opened its mouth and took a breath, then swallowed the space node.

Then, he dodged and teleported away.

At the moment, there are only three avatars and Feng Ying and other Feng clan disciples left in the field.

It turned out that the Mirage clone took Qin Feng and others to the outer sky.

The three clones carried three divine swords and stayed to guard Longyuan Town.

Even if the second round of hegemony competition begins after dawn, Qin Feng can't rush back in time, but there are three avatars guarding him, so he doesn't have to worry about it

After all, with his clones and the divine sword, each of them can reach 1 million star combat power and can sweep away all intruders.

Unless the Sixth Dao Patriarch came in person!

After the phantom avatar left, the three avatars of Yueling, Feng Ying and others started their work.

Soon, Feng Ying told Long Yuan about the Six Dao Patriarch.

This naturally caused a huge shock!

After the shock, the crowd became more positive!

The spirit in the bones of the people of the Dragon Kingdom is that when they are strong, they are strong!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Soon, under the leadership of the three avatars, everyone went to expand the territory overnight.

Everyone wants to bring the number of sites in Longyuan Town to 40 as soon as possible, so that the boss can unlock the 5000-star combat power as soon as possible.

At the same moment, the figure of the Mirage clone appeared in Tayue Town.

Then, he flew towards Tongtian Lake!

Above the sky above Tongtian Lake, there is a star gate leading to the extraterrestrial sky.

This was discovered by Qin Feng before.

At the speed of a mirage clone, after half an hour, you can pass through the star gate and reach the outer sky.