Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, the Mirage clone rushed to the extraterrestrial sky at full speed

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng and Feng Xi's three daughters are discussing the Tianwu assessment.

At this time, Qin Feng waved his hand, and there were three more weapons in front of him, all of them exuding nine brilliance.

That was actually three ninth-order weapons!

"Feng Xi, this ninth-rank top-grade death sword is just right for you. If you succeed in refining, you will be able to get 100,000-star combat power when the human and the weapon are unified!"

Qin Feng waved his hand, and a black divine sword flew over.

Feng Xi was overjoyed: "Thank you master!"

At the moment, she excitedly took over the law of death and watched it with admiration.

The ninth-order best weapon!

The value can be compared with some low-grade god-level treasures!

The gift of the owner is so precious!

It's really worth it to be by the side of such a master in this life!

Feng Xi was grateful, and her feelings for Qin Feng became stronger.

Having said that, she has the sword of death, and she went to the assessment this time to win the first-class gods and join the Tao. It seems that there is a glimmer of hope.

"Dad! Where's mine?"

Xiao Luan'er drooled with envy when she saw that Feng Xi had obtained a ninth-rank top-grade weapon.

5.9 The little guy couldn't wait to stretch out his little hand and began to ask for it.

"Little girl, of course, you are indispensable. This Dayan Heaven rank is the best weapon of the ninth rank of the fire system, and it is just for you."

Qin Feng fondly touched the little girl's head.

"Wow! Great! Thank you Dad!"Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Xiao Luan'er happily took the long sword and played with it.

"Yue'er, this retrospective sword is a top-grade ninth-grade weapon. Although it is not a top-grade ninth-grade weapon, it comes with a time skill - time is still, which greatly improves your strength. use!"

Qin Feng gave the retrospective sword to Qiyue again

"Thank you master!"

Qiyue also took the long sword in surprise.

Seeing the excited appearance of the three girls, Qin Feng also felt happy.

Having said that, he also hoped that the three girls could obtain a good rank in the Tianwu assessment.

In that way, the strength of the three girls will be improved more, and the sacrifices to his combat power will be more.

"Okay! The three of you hurry back and refine your weapons!"

"Yes, Master!"

"Okay, Dad!"

Immediately, the three girls left with joy on their faces.

After the three girls left, Qin Feng didn't dare to waste any time, so he hurriedly sat cross-legged and began refining the Soul Pill and Knowledge Enhancement Pill on his body.

He wants to refine all the resources that he should digest before arriving at Lingtian Temple.

Chapter 501 Star Master Candidate

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's mind moved, and he was divided into two, two divided into four, and four divided into eight.

In a blink of an eye, one Qin Feng became 128 Qin Fengs!

This is the innate skill of the Law of Life - Infinite Fission!

His two-meter body has reached the limit and cannot be used temporarily, but the infinite fission will not be affected.

Before, in the Holy Land Square, there were so many people, it was inconvenient for him to use infinite fission.

Now in this zero-degree space, he has nothing to worry about.

After this fission, Qin Feng started to act.

I saw that some fission bodies took out the soul pill, and some took out the knowledge enhancement pill, swallowed them one after another, and meditated and refined them.

20 Soul Pills and 96 Knowledge Enhancement Pills require 116 fission bodies to refine.

The remaining 12 fission bodies are not idle either.

They took out the ninth-order weapons such as the air-splitting armor, the life magic sword, the purgatory axe, and the golden gun, and began to refine them.

These are all his harvests in the Holy Land, and naturally they have to be digested earlier, maybe they can be used later.

In this way, 128 Qin Feng fission variants, all closed

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, more than an hour passed.

At this moment, 128 Qin Feng fission variants opened their eyes one after another from the meditation, and their faces were full of joy.

Those Divine Soul Pills and Knowledge Enhancement Pills have all been refined!

There are also various items such as life magic sword, air-splitting armor, golden gun, purgatory axe, etc. have also been refined.

"It's time to see the results!"

The fission variants muttered in their hearts!

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, white light flashed continuously in the field, and 128 fission bodies merged into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

At the moment when his fusion was completed, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Congratulations on the completion of refining Divine Soul Pill! Your soul body 20 has been greatly strengthened, raised to the limit of demigods, and the combat power has also been greatly improved! 】

[Congratulations on the completion of refining the knowledge enhancement pill! The range of your consciousness has been greatly improved, reaching a radius of 120,000 miles. 】

[Congratulations on the completion of refining the knowledge enhancement pill! Your soul body has been strengthened again, its strength has been infinitely close to the threshold of the False God realm, and the combat power has been improved again. 】

good! good!

The range of divine consciousness has reached 120,000 miles, which has already reached the initial stage of False God.

In the early stage of False God, the range of consciousness is more than 100,000 miles, and in the middle stage of False God, it is 200,000 miles.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with the improvement of consciousness!

However, the increase in the strength of his soul body is still a line, but it is infinitely close to the threshold of the False God realm, after all, it is not at the False God realm level.

In this way, he has no way to take the Holy Soul Fruit.

"It's a pity!"

Qin Feng felt regretful in his heart.

As long as he gives him a few more Divine Soul Pills, he can reach the initial stage of False God in one fell swoop.

Then he can refine the holy fruit and soar into the sky!

pity!

Things in the world can't always be perfect, and there will always be a little bit of regret!

However, he was very satisfied with the result.

Right now, the strength of his soul body is only a thin line away from the threshold of the False God.

"By the way, after refining so many medicinal pills, I don't know how much the combat power has changed?"

With this in mind, Qin Feng checked the panel again.

[Basic combat power]: 1.103 million stars.

After reading this, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

good!

The combat power has increased a lot.

This is 97,000 stars away from the target of 1.2 million stars.

He had to get to 1.2 million stars earlier so that he could obtain the title of 'God Killer' as soon as possible.

Only by obtaining that title can he obtain that special chance to join the Dao in the Tianwu assessment.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and there was a mass of divine blood in his palm, emitting ten dazzling brilliance, dazzling and dazzling, illuminating the entire secret room!

[Kunpeng Divine Blood (Lower Grade): The Peak of the Demigod Rank]

[Reminder: Only when the bloodline talent reaches SS level, and the wind system law is mastered, the strength of the soul body reaches the level of the semi-god world can refine this divine blood. 】

The blood of the gods at the peak level of the demigods!

The energy contained in it is extremely majestic!

I wonder if he can increase his combat power to 1.2 million stars in one fell swoop after refining it?

It must be possible!

After all, this is a treasure at the peak level of the demigod!

However, it takes a lot of time to refine this kind of divine blood.

Under normal circumstances, without three days and three nights of kung fu, refining is endless!

Fortunately, Qin Feng has refined a lot of Divine Marrow Pills, and he is blessed with the speed of refining Divine Blood.

In addition, he has a fission body to help!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to use the fission body to continue refining the blood of the gods...

"Hey! This is..."

Suddenly, he felt something in his heart, hurriedly put away the divine blood, and disappeared as white light...

The next second, Qin Feng went to the outside world.

The Mirage clone is on the side.

Qin Feng looked around and saw an endless dark starry sky in front of him, and bright starlight in the distance.

Looking down at the foot again, there is an incomparably huge green planet, and the vision is extremely shocking.

The planet below is the Blue Star Realm!

It turned out that the phantom clone had passed through the star gate and came to space.

"Going through the star gate so soon!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, secretly thinking that he underestimated the speed of the Mirage clone.

However, the sooner it comes out, the better!

Thinking of this, he waved again and summoned Feng Xi's three daughters.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

"Hey! Where is this?"

As soon as the three women appeared, they looked around curiously.

Soon, they saw a huge black vortex behind them, which was the star gate.

Then, they saw an incomparably huge green planet under them, and they were completely shocked!

That situation is like the huge visual impact that human beings who have stepped into space for the first time and look back at the earth feel.

"Wow! What a big ball! Dad, this big green ball is our Blue Star Realm?"