Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Luan asked in surprise.

Those big eyes are full of excitement

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "Yes! This is the Blue Star Realm!"

Xiao Luan'er suddenly said: "So the world we are in is a big ball!"

Qi Yue also sighed: "It's the first time I've seen the whole picture of the Blue Star Realm! It's really beautiful! It's shocking!"

Feng Xi was also amazed: "For thousands of years, my clan has been passing down the legend that we live on a huge sphere. I always thought it was nonsense."

"Now I know that what my ancestors and sages said is true. So, what my ancestors said about the star master should also be true."

Qin Feng's heart moved: "Star Lord? What's going on?"

Feng Xi hurriedly said, "Master, it is like this. According to what my ancestors said, the final result of the competition for points hegemony in the Blue Star Realm is the birth of a star master candidate."

"The star master candidate has undergone a rigorous assessment and became a star master of the Blue Star Realm, who can control the entire star realm."

"It is rumored that the real star master can move the planet and travel in the universe, which is incredible!"

"However, a star master candidate will be born every thousand years. Before and after, there are thousands of star master candidates born in the Blue Star Realm. But among these thousands, not one can be Become a star master."

When these words came out, everyone was amazed!

Qi Yue even exclaimed: "My God! Thousands of star master candidates have been born in our Blue Star Realm. You must know that one will only be born in a thousand years! This kind of competition for points has gone through hundreds of years before and after. It's been a thousand years!"

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "It's really been millions of years! In other words, there have been many star master candidates born over the millions of years, and none of them could become star masters."

Qiyue sighed: "Yeah! It seems that it is too difficult to become a star master!"

Xiao Luan'er's mouth twitched: "Others can't become a star master, but my dad will definitely become a star master!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled bitterly: "I'm not even a star master candidate now, let alone becoming a star master. It's a bit far off."

In fact, when Qin Feng heard about the Star Lord, his heart suddenly became clear.

It is incredible that the star master can move the planet and travel the universe.

This method is definitely not something that False God realm can do!

I'm afraid that the real **** realm may not be able to do it!

At this time, Feng Xi smiled and said: "Master, it's hard for others to say, you are a genius who was born in the sky, and you have the identity of a challenger. As long as you can become a star master candidate, then the possibility of becoming a star master, It will be higher than any astral candidate."

"Because the previous star master candidates were basically born from secret people. Occasionally one or two will be guardians. As for the challenger becoming a candidate, it has not yet appeared."

"Master, you are the first challenger who has the hope of becoming a star master candidate in millions of years. Tiandao favors challengers, so as long as you can become a candidate, your chances of becoming a star master will be very high. Big."

After listening to these words, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his inner desire to become a star master became stronger.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You have passed through the star gate, defeat the guardian beast of the star gate, you can get a pass and enter the Lingtian Temple. 】

[Lingtian Temple: The place of Tianwu assessment. Earth-level powerhouses pass the Tianwu assessment, then they can complete the path and be promoted to heaven-level powerhouses. 】

[Reminder: Before defeating the star gate guardian beast, you can't leave the ten miles near the star gate. 】

This reminder is obviously to remind Feng Xi's three daughters.

Because Qin Feng already has a pass

"Stargate guardian beast?"

Feng Xi's three daughters hurriedly looked around.

Roar! Roar! Roar!

At this moment, three heaven-shattering beast roars sounded above the heads of the girls, and the entire void trembled.

They looked up quickly and saw three giant beasts appearing out of thin air.

Just like three super huge space fortresses, they are flying slowly, and the momentum is amazing.

If you look closely, you will see the three giant beasts, all of which are shaped like fish, but have a pair of huge wings, and their belly is full of fish scales.820

【Ferocious Beast】: Star Kun (Emperor Class)

[Level]: Level 61

[Talent]: Space Talent (A Grade), Law of the Wind (A Grade)

[Characteristics]: Star gate guard.

"It turns out that these are Stargate Guardian Beasts!"

"Although it looks very big, its strength is not strong, that is, the strength of the first layer of heaven!"

"Hee hee! We are one by one! Let's do it!"

The three girls laughed, then took out their weapons and greeted the three giant beasts.

Today, they have refined the Death Sword, Dayan Heaven Sword, and Retrospective Sword.

As soon as they rushed past, they met face to face, and the three women beheaded three giant beasts, and each got a pass.

Afterwards, the three women returned to Qin Feng's side.

"Dad, our token is in hand."

"Master, we can go to Lingtian Temple now! Where is Lingtian Temple?"

Qiyue asked curiously.

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He got the pass very early, and also got the location of Lingtian Temple from the token.

Immediately, he pointed to the distance, where there were three moon-like natural satellites, all of them very huge, revolving around the Blue Star Realm.

The scene is very shocking!

That is the moon star of the Blue Star Realm!

Different from the desolate and gray surface of the moon, some of the three moon stars are cyan, some are blue, and some are red, and it seems that life was born on it.

Qin Fengyao pointed to the blue moon in it.

"These three moon stars are named Qingyue, Lanyue, and Hongyue respectively. The Lingtian Temple we are going to is above Qingyue."

Xiao Luan'er was pleasantly surprised: "Where is it! Dad, let's fly over there!"

Qin Feng shook his head: "Don't look at the blue moon that seems to be not far from us, but it is actually tens of billions of miles away. Above this starry sky, anything visible to the naked eye is far away."

"Flying at your speed, I'm afraid that one day and one night, it may not be able to fly to the Qingyue star. Let the phantom clone hurry, let's go to the zero-dimensional space!"

"At the speed of the phantom avatar, it will take only two or three hours to arrive. We will take advantage of this time to enter the zero-degree space to improve our strength."

Xiao Luan'er nodded quickly: "Okay!"

At the moment, Qin Feng waved his hand, and all four entered the zero-degree space, leaving a space node the size of a soybean in the field.

The phantom avatar took a breath and swallowed the space node.

In the next second, he will fly towards the blue moon star

Chapter 502 Divine Essence Upper Limit! Evolve again!

At the same time, Qin Feng had returned to the training room.

He once again took out the ball of Kunpeng Divine Blood (lower grade).

"It's time for refining!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and the infinite Yuan force was released from the palm of his hand, pouring into the ball of divine blood.

In the next second, under the action of external force, the group of divine blood was divided into 128 parts, each of which was only the size of a grain of rice.

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and 128 Qin Feng fission variants were fissioned.

Then, each Qin Feng fission variant took the divine blood the size of a grain of rice, swallowed it directly, and began to refine it cross-legged.

In this way, Qin Feng's speed of refining divine blood has increased by 128 times.

In this way, Qin Feng entered the retreat again, and the 128 fission bodies were all lit up with red light, and their momentum began to skyrocket wildly.

At the same time, the Blue Star Realm, where the Daluo tribe resides.

In the discussion hall, Luo Tianzheng held a meeting with the senior members of the clan.

I saw that in the hall, there were men, women, young and old, there were more than twenty people, all of them were at the peak of the sky.

The white-haired old man at the bottom left of Luo Tian is even a demigod early stage boss!

The old man was called Luo Fu, the chief elder of the Da Luo clan.

"Patriarch, that Qin Feng is really as scary as you said?"

At this moment, Luo Fu's tone was a little shocked.

The Heaven-level peak powerhouses below were also shocked.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

What the patriarch said just now was too surprising!

He actually said that Qin Feng had the strength of a demigod peak!

And it's only at the prefecture level.

is it possible? !

How could a prefecture-level realm have the strength of a peak demigod!

This is totally unreasonable!

No one in the field could believe it!

Even the always prudent Chief Majesty, Luo Fu, couldn't believe it, and spoke again for confirmation.

Luo Tian looked at everyone's skeptical expressions, and couldn't help but smile bitterly.

Afterwards, he sighed deeply: "Hey! Don't say you can't believe this answer. If the deity hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't believe it if he was killed! But that's the truth!"

As soon as these words fell, Luo Fu and others were even more surprised!

They looked at each other face to face, unable to speak for a long time!

It is hard for them to imagine how an ant in the prefecture-level realm can achieve a strength comparable to the peak of a demigod.

Not to mention that it is comparable to the peak of a demigod, even if it is comparable to the threshold of a demigod, they feel incredible!

The field was quiet for a while, before Luo Fu broke the silence.

"Patriarch, if that Qin Feng is really so powerful, it's not a good thing! He is a challenger! And the challenger has always been favored by heaven and grows very fast. We must destroy him as soon as possible!"

Luo Tian nodded slightly: "Patriarch Daokong and the deity both think this way. Therefore, after Patriarch Daokong returns, he is ready to open the altar and wake up the six ancestors. My family is responsible for contacting the rest of the mysterious forces."

At the moment, Luo Tian explained He Daokong's plan.

After everyone listened, their eyes lit up, revealing surprises.

Afterwards, Luo Fu rejoiced and said: "This is great! If there is a senior Liudao shot, that Qin Feng will not be a problem! Don't say that he has the peak strength of a demigod, even if he has the initial strength of a false god, it is impossible to escape this disaster! "

Luo Tian smiled: "That said, but I can't be careless. Contact the major mysterious forces, don't delay! After the meeting is over, hurry up and contact Xing Gu and the others!"

"This time, we will not only destroy Qin Feng, but also the entire Longyuan Town. Let those ant-like challengers die!"

At the end, Luo Tian sneered, his tone full of confidence.

"Yes! Patriarch!"

The strong men have promised

After a while, the subordinates took orders and left

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed.

The Daluo clan's contact with all clans has been completed!

But the results surprised them!

To this end, Luo Tian once again held a high-level meeting.

At this moment, Luo Tian sat on the chair in the hall, listening to the reports of the elders, frowning tightly.