Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

According to the replies of the elders, they successively contacted the Yaotian Clan, the Blood Moon Clan, the Haoyang Clan, the Ten Fierce Clan, the Dragon Taming Clan, the Dun Kong Clan, the Wanling Clan, and the Xinggu Clan.

As a result, except for the Dun Kong clan, the other seven clans did not respond.

"What's going on?! Why is it only the Dun Kong clan who responded?"

Luo Tian vaguely felt that something was wrong!

Luo Fu smiled bitterly: "My subordinates don't know what's going on? According to the past, Xing Gu and other eight clans will respond immediately when they contact our clan, and they dare not be slighted! This time, there are seven clans among them. Losing contact, something must have happened.”

Luo Tian had a gloomy face and nodded slightly: "That's right! If something goes wrong, there must be a monster! It seems that something happened to Xing Gu and other seven clans!"

Luo Fu frowned: "If it can cause the seven clans to have an accident, I'm afraid that ordinary forces can't do it! Could it be that Longyuan Town did it? But during this time, Qin Feng also went to the Holy Land!"

Luo Tian took a deep breath and said, "Maybe I underestimated Longyuan Town! In addition to Qin Feng, Longyuan Town has some powerful characters guarding it!"

Luo Fu was surprised: "Impossible?! It's already a miracle that Longyuan Town can produce a Qin Feng. Is there still a powerful person?"

In fact, Luo Tian guessed part of it correctly.

That is, when Qin Feng was not in Longyuan Town, there were still four avatars guarding Longyuan.

None of Qin Feng's avatars are easy!

At this time, Luo Fu said again: "Patriarch, all this is also our guess! Otherwise, we will send people to Xing Gu and other seven clans to investigate personally, what do you think?"

Luo Tian shook his head: "No! It's an eventful season right now, so I don't want to act rashly! In short, that Longyuan Town can't be underestimated!"

As soon as these words fell, Luo Fu and the others nodded slightly.

Now, they have also begun to realize that Longyuan Town is not ordinary, and they have begun to fear in their hearts.

"By the way, how did the Dunkong Clan respond?"

"Patriarch Hui! When their people heard about Qin Feng, they obviously didn't believe it. However, they still responded to the call! The entire clan has moved to the Liudao clan's station!"

Luo Fu reports truthfully!

Luo Tian nodded slightly: "The whole family can migrate, and the Escape Clan can do it. Their clan is very special! It's interesting to come and go without a trace!"

Speaking of this, Luo Tian's tone was somewhat envious.

Afterwards, he said again: "Everything that needs to be done has been done. It is time for my family to set off! The order goes on, all the elders above the ninth level of heaven, go with the deity to join the Six Dao Clan. This time, we will join the Six Dao Clan together. Join forces to attack Longyuan Town!"

Luo Fu hurriedly promised: "My subordinates will arrange it now!"

At the moment, Luo Fu and others withdrew.

A quarter of an hour later, the Daluo tribe made a move.

Luo Tian rushed to the Six Dao Clan with seventy or eighty masters of the ninth level and above.

The atmosphere of war is getting stronger

At the same time, beyond the distant starry sky.

The Mirage clone is flying towards the Blue Moon Star

At this time, he was only twenty minutes away from Qingyuexing.

At this moment, his heart moved, and he seemed to sense something, and the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, revealing a hint of joy.

It turned out that he sensed that the body finally refined the Kunpeng blood.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

The 128 Qin Feng fission variants all opened their eyes with joy on their faces.

They finally refined the Kunpeng Divine Blood (Lower Grade)!

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, 128 fission bodies fuse into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

At the same time, there was a reminder of Heavenly Dao in his mind.

[Refining Kunpeng Divine Blood (Lower Grade) Successfully! You have gained a lot of bloodline energy, and your basic combat power has increased to 1.197 million stars. 】

【Your bloodline talent has reached the advanced standard! Progressing to SSS-level bloodline talent]

【Advanced success! Your bloodline talent has reached the initial stage of SSS level]

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the initial stage of SSS level! Your base combat power is increased to 1.3 million stars. 】

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the initial stage of SSS level! You have acquired the ability to refine the blood of various gods]

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the initial stage of SSS level! Your inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrannical Body' has advanced to the low-grade **** tier]

Ha ha!

The bloodline talent has evolved to the early stage of SSS level.

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

At this point, he finally obtained the second SSS-level talent.

What's even better is that his basic combat power has suddenly reached 1.3 million stars, and Tongtian Tyrant has also been promoted to the rank of low-rank gods.

His overall strength has skyrocketed again!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Opportunity reminder: congratulations on your basic combat power breaking 1.2 million stars and reaching one of the godslayer standards. 】

[Fortune Reminder: Reputation reaches 2000 points, you can immediately get the title of 'God Killer']

good! good!

He is only 200 reputation points away from obtaining a new title.

He now has 1800 reputation points.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such results.

"Hey! This is"

At this time, Qin Feng sensed something again and made a move.

In the next second, a white light flashed beside him!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

A beautiful and graceful figure appeared out of thin air.

The person here is Feng Xi!

Her beautiful face is always pleasing to the eye.

"Owner!"

When Feng Xi saw Qin Feng, she hurriedly stepped forward to greet him.

Her posture is elegant and dignified, and she always shows a soul-stirring charm, but in front of Qin Feng, she is extremely respectful.

Deep in her heart, she respects this master very much, and can even give her everything for the master.

As long as the owner needs it, she is willing to give it at any time.

"Feng Xi, why aren't you retreating?"

Qin Feng asked his doubts.

It turned out that he had just discovered that Feng Xi was not refining Divine Essence.

But in the zero-degree space, playing with those spiritual flowers and grasses is very leisurely.

You must know that they are going to participate in the Tianwu assessment now, and it is the most important thing to urgently improve their own strength.

With Feng Xi's steadiness, it is impossible not to know the priorities of things.

This question, Feng Xi was suddenly in her heart, and finally knew the reason why Qin Feng summoned her.

Immediately, she said: "Master, this is the case. There is a limit to the number of divine essences that can be refined in the Holy Land. When the subordinates have refined the 200th piece, the Tao of Heaven will indicate that the refining upper limit has been reached, and they will only be refined if they are refined again. invalid."

"That's it!" Qin Feng was stunned.

Then, he wondered again: "It's strange, my refining limit is 1,000, how come you only have 200? Logically speaking, you and I have the same realm, why the upper limit is different?"

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "How can the subordinates be compared with the master! In terms of potential and talent, the subordinates are 108,000 miles worse than the master."

"The way of heaven should be based on each person's talent potential, and the upper limit of refining divine energy is different."

Hearing these words, Qin Feng nodded slightly, feeling reasonable.

Only in this way can it make sense. Why is there a difference in the upper limit of Divine Essence refined by Qin Feng and Feng Xi.

"correct!"

Feng Xi seemed to think of something again, her eyes lit up.

In the next second, she was pleasantly surprised: "Master, if you follow this setting, Master only needs his own talent potential to raise another level. Perhaps the upper limit of refining divine energy can be raised again."

Qin Feng smiled bitterly: "This is your own speculation, and the facts are unknown."

Feng Xi smiled and said: "Master, although this is a subordinate's speculation, it is very likely. By the way, Master, there are still three hundred Divine Essence here, I can't refine it, please accept it! "

As soon as the voice fell, Feng Xi took out a storage ring.

There are more than 200 Divine Essences in it.

Qin Feng hesitated: "Keep these! There are more than 1,200 in my hand, and there is no shortage of divine energy."

Feng Xi smiled sweetly: "Master, I can't refine the divine essence anymore, it's useless to keep it with me. Wherever you put it, it can be used for more purposes. For example, when Jumang hatches, it will need Lots of gods."

Qin Feng pondered for a while and thought it made sense, so he accepted the storage ring.

As a result, there are more than 1,500 Divine Essence in his hand.

Then, he looked at Feng Xi in front of him again.

I saw that his slender and moving body exuded a fighting force that reached 220,000 stars, suddenly entering the initial stage of demigods.

Qin Feng nodded in relief.

With such strength, coupled with the help of the Death Magic Sword, Feng Xi has a good chance of winning the first-class gods to join the Dao!

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Immediately, he said: "Feng Xi, the phantom avatar is close to the Blue Moon Star! After a while, we will be able to reach the Lingtian Temple. Go and prepare! We must do our best for the next Tianwu assessment! "

"Yes! Master!"

At the moment, Feng Xi took orders and left.

After Feng Xi left, Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

If we talk about the upper limit of the number of refining divine essence, it is related to the talent potential.

His upper limit was one thousand, and Feng Xi was two hundred.

What is the upper limit of Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue?

It is estimated that the answer will come out soon.

By the way, he has been retreating in the time force field.

Before and after, the time passed by the outside world is only two and a half hours.

But in the time force field, 24 hours have passed.

With this calculation, his body of two ceremonies can be used again.

In the next Tianwu assessment, his body of two ceremonies should be of great use.

Just when this thought came to mind, a mangling egg's cry came from the next room.

"The little guy is awake again!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Thinking about it, it has been 24 hours since he fed blood essence last time, and it is time to feed new blood essence.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng teleported and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in the next room, with Jumangling Egg in front of him.

As soon as he appeared, the sentence mangling egg lit up with inspiration, exuding intimate spiritual fluctuations to him.

The feeling of being connected by blood makes the relationship between one person and one pet become extraordinarily cordial.