Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"The little guy must be hungry!"

Qin Feng smiled and stepped forward, directly breaking the blood and dripping into the egg.

This time, his blood essence was more fragrant than before, and the rays of light were shining like the real blood of a god.

pat!

A soft sound!

The blood dripped on the eggshell.

laugh!

On the eggshell, there is the sound of absorbing blood essence!

In just a moment, the spirit egg completely absorbed Qin Feng's blood and essence.

click! click! click!

Afterwards, the spiritual light of the spirit egg was greatly released, and a series of innate divine patterns were born again, and the momentum soared all the way.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: After your pet 'Jumang Spirit Egg' absorbed the blood essence, it has evolved from the peak of the semi-god rank to the rank of low-rank god. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing great joy.

good! good!

This spiritual egg has evolved to a low-grade **** level in one fell swoop!

Much faster than he imagined!

It is also expected that his bloodline talent has reached the early stage of SSS level, and the quality of blood essence has changed.

The Jumang Spirit Egg absorbed his blood essence and naturally transformed!

Having said that, the low-grade **** rank corresponds to the virtual **** realm!

This little guy is destined to be extraordinary!

If it is born, its initial strength must be extremely strong!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is even more looking forward to the birth of Jumang.

Woo! Woo! Woo!

At this moment, the spirit egg made a 'woo woo' sound, expressing his excitement to Qin Feng.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng is also in a good mood!

At this moment, he sensed something again and looked up in a certain direction.

It turned out that the phantom avatar had reached the sky above Qingyuexing, not far from Lingtian Temple.

Chapter 503 Step into the temple! Reputation soared!

"Finally to Qingyuexing!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly, turned into white light, and disappeared into the room.

In the next second, he appeared in the outside world.

I saw lush greenery all around, full of towering ancient trees!

The aura in the air is extremely rich, and as long as you take a sip, you will feel refreshed!

At the same time, Qin Feng also sensed that the gravitational force of the Blue Moon Star is only one-sixth of that of the Blue Star Realm.

The gravitational force of the moon is one-sixth that of the earth.

Is this a coincidence?

However, the moon is a desolate place!

On the Blue Moon Star, green vegetation can be seen everywhere, and you can also hear various sounds of running water, wind, and the howling of beasts!

Here is a small, vibrant world!

Qin Feng feels very novel!

Finally, his eyes fell to the front.

In that direction, there is a majestic temple with a height of hundreds of millions of feet.

"This is the Lingtian Temple!"

Qin Feng was very excited.

He finally arrived!

Then, with a wave of his hand, he summoned Feng Xi.

"Owner!"

Feng Xi appeared and quickly looked around.

When she saw the temple, she was also very excited.

"Master, is the Lingtian Temple in front, right?"

"Well, let's enter the hall!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng waved his hand and took the phantom avatar into the zero-degree space.

Afterwards, he and Feng Xi flew towards the entrance of the temple.

Not long after, the two descended from the sky and landed on the huge square in front of the temple.

At this moment, the entire square is empty, with only Qin Feng and Feng Xi.

They looked up at the temple, like two ants looking up at a tall building, which seemed very small.

Looking at the entrance of the temple, it is a door of light as high as 100 zhang.

Passing through the gate of light, you can enter the interior of the temple.

"Master, this temple is so tall!"

Feng Xi's tone was full of awe.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Let's go! Let's go and see what's going on in the hall!"

"Yeah!" Feng Xi replied obediently.

The two of them strode towards the entrance of the temple.

But at this moment, the field changed suddenly!

One after another white light escaped from the void and madly poured into Qin Feng's body...

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (the eighth level of the sky), you get +12,000 attribute points, +91 million energy points, and +2100 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Guardian (Seventh Heavenly Level), you get +09,200 attribute points, +70 million energy points, and +1,733,710 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (the seventh level of heaven), you get +0.91 attribute, +70 million energy value, and +1700 points. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he turned back quickly, looking in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

Looking at the Blue Star Realm from the Blue Moon Star, what I saw is a huge planet!

It is as huge as a football field, which is very shocking!

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyes are full of joy!

It turned out that his three avatars, each leading a Longyuan army, are entering the three guardian forces

And they are three powerful guardian forces!

Immediately, thousands of white lights that fed back poured into his body.

His attribute points, energy values, and points have skyrocketed!

Feng Xi was also amazed!

More than a quarter of an hour passed before all the backfeeding visions disappeared.

This also shows that the three clones have already captured those three forces.

So far, Longyuan Town has built 39 sites, which is only one short of the target of 40.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

"Master, has Longyuan Town conquered a new territory again?"

Feng Xi asked curiously.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "That's right! We captured three more!"

Feng Xi rejoiced: "That's great! In this way, as long as the next one is attacked, the master will be able to unlock the 5,000-star feedback."

Qin Feng smiled bitterly: "The last one, I'm afraid it's not that easy! Before, we were able to win those forces smoothly. That's because we got some positions of guardian forces from some mysterious forces."

"Now, all the guardian forces whose positions are known have been captured by us. We still don't know where the remaining guardian forces are. It will take a lot of time to find them and then destroy them."

"Calculate the time, there are still two or three hours, and the second round of the competition will start. I wonder if we can complete the goal of 40 sites before the start of the competition?"

Feng Xi hurriedly said: "Master, with the ability of your clone, there should be hope! After all, their consciousness scans a wide range."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I hope so!"

As soon as the voice fell, he opened the panel to check the harvest just now.

[Free attribute]: 272,000 points

After reading this, Qin Feng laughed.

The harvest is very good!

It actually reached 272,000 attribute points!

Immediately, he started to addGét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He is about to enter the Lingtian Temple and participate in the Tianwu assessment. Naturally, he can improve his strength, so he can improve it!

Soon, he will finish adding points!

The basic combat power has been increased to 1.305 million stars in one fell swoop!

Another nice improvement!

Qin Feng closed the panel with satisfaction.

At this time, he sensed again that Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue had both left.

At the moment, as soon as he waved his hand, he summoned the two little girls.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

As soon as the two little girls appeared, they looked around curiously.

Afterwards, they saw the Lingtian Temple in front of them, and they were all pleasantly surprised.

"Dad! So we're here!"

"Master, this temple is so big!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Let's go! Don't waste time! In two or three hours, the second round will start. Calculate the time, the Sixth Dao Patriarch will kill Long Yuan in twenty hours. town."

"Oh!"

At the moment, the two little girls didn't dare to talk much and walked towards Lingtian Temple together.

"By the way, Master, I still have a lot of Divine Essence here, and I can't refine them, so I'll let you deal with them!"

At this time, Qiyue took out a storage ring and handed it to Qin Feng.

"Yeah! Dad, I have a lot of Divine Essence, I'll give them all to you!"

Xiao Luan'er also took out a storage ring and handed it over.

Qin Feng took a look and saw that there are more than 200 Divine Essences in the storage rings of the two little girls.

Those Divine Essence, plus the Divine Essence on him, totaled about 2,000.