Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled and asked: "What? Your divine essence has also been refined to the upper limit."

"Yes! I refine to 200, and the Heavenly Dao will be raised to the upper limit."

"Master, I am also the upper limit of 200."

Qin Feng nodded slightly, as he had expected.

In this way, Xiao Luan'er, Qi Yue and Feng Xi's refining limit is all 200.

Their talents and aptitudes are all a level in the eyes of Tiandao.

In fact, Feng Xi is better than Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue.

And Xiao Luan'er is taller than Qiyue.

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue again. The strength of the two little girls is great!

Xiao Luan'er has reached 200,000 stars, just reaching the threshold of the demigod realm.

Qiyue is 190,000 stars, very close to the threshold of demigod realm.

The two little girls have hope, and they can get the first-class gods.

Of course, their chances of passing are much smaller than Feng Xi.

In short, Qin Feng is very pleased that Xiaoluaner and Qiyue have made such great progress.

"Let's go!"

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the storage ring and took the lead to walk to the temple.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Three girls followed.

It didn't take long for the four to arrive at the door of light.

Qin Feng took out the pass, took a deep breath, and stepped into the door of light.

hum!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The pass in his hand automatically lit up with golden light, and then turned into a dazzling golden light that poured into his body.

[Reminder: The pass order (Lingtian Temple) has taken effect. From now on, you can freely enter and leave Lingtian Temple. 】

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng felt that the sky was spinning, and the white light was spinning around!

He is being teleported!

After a while, he got his feet on the ground, and saw that the surrounding scenery had also changed.

Qin Feng looked up and found himself entering a huge corridor.

On both sides of the corridor are white jade walls, reaching a height of a million zhang.

The sun, moon, stars, galaxies, and galaxies are engraved on it.

There are also various gods, descending into the starry sky, all with a chakra at the back of their head.

Some gods turned into giants, holding up a planet in one hand and roaming in the universe...

Those murals are thrilling and shocking!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Mayor Qin Feng has entered the Lingtian Temple, becoming the first challenger in the Blue Star Realm to enter the temple, and has received a +100 reputation reward. 】

[Reminder: In each star realm, the top ten challengers who enter Lingtian Temple will have prestige rewards. 】

[Reminder: Everything is based on this competition, and only challengers have this reward. 】

what!

This can also be done!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

He is worrying about how to gain prestige!

Unexpectedly, it was so easy to get 100 reputation points.

In this way, his reputation has accumulated to 1900 points, which is not far from the goal of 2000 points.

"I wonder if there is an opportunity to increase prestige in this temple?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, white light flickered next to him, and Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue also came in one after another.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Feng Xi, a townsman, has entered the Lingtian Temple, becoming the second challenger from the Blue Star Realm to enter the temple, and has received a +90 reputation reward. 】

[Longyuan Town Announcement: Town resident Luan'er has entered the Lingtian Temple, becoming the third challenger in the Blue Star Realm to enter the temple, and has received a +80 reputation reward. 】

[Announcement from Longyuan Town: Qiyue, a townsman, has entered the Lingtian Temple, becoming the fourth challenger in the Blue Star Realm to enter the temple, and has received a +70 reputation reward. 】

As soon as these announcements came out, Longyuan Town, which is far away in the Blue Star Realm, had long cheered.

They all look forward to Qin Feng and the four can achieve good results in the Tianwu assessment...

At this moment, Feng Xi's three daughters were also excited.

"Dad, it turns out that the top ten came in, and there are prestige rewards! Hehe!"

Xiao Luan'er couldn't be happier.

Feng Xi smiled and said, "We are indeed the first forces in the Blue Star Realm to step into Lingtian Temple."

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Let's go! I don't know what's going on in the temple!"

At the moment, the four of them chatted while walking towards the end of the corridor...

"Master, according to my grandfather, our Longyuan Town is only three titles away from the seventh-level town. However, to authorize the title, we must consume the ninth-level 'title card'..."

Qiyue reminded.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "I already know about this! Longyuan Town should be upgraded! When I enter the main hall, I will see how to buy the title card."

Xiao Luan'er was excited: "Dad, if Longyuan Town is upgraded, everyone's strength will increase a lot. If the battle strength exceeds 5,000 star-level townspeople, there will be at least more than 2,000 people."

Qin Feng smiled: "I hope so!"

Before they knew it, the four of them reached the end of the corridor, and they saw an incomparably magnificent hall...

I saw that the hall was very lively, with nearly ten thousand people of all ages.

Most of those people are Heaven-level powerhouses, a small half are Earth-level peaks, and some are demigod powerhouses.

They also have their own characteristics, and some even have wings.

"Wow! Dad, there are so many people here!"

Xiao Luan was amazed.

Qiyue smiled and said: "Of course! This is the gathering place of the powerhouses of all realms. In my estimation, most of them are secretaries and guardians, and there should be very few challengers."

Qin Feng and the four have discovered that in this Lingtian Temple, it is impossible to detect who is the hider and who is the challenger.

At this time, Feng Xi said again: "Yue'er, these are not simple Myriad Realms powerhouses, there should be people from other Star Regions."

"Other Star Regions?" Qi Yue was a little puzzled.

Qin Feng was also curious.

Feng Xi hurriedly said: "There are rumors in my ancestors that the way of heaven is to group 10,000 star realms into one star realm. Generally, three star realms share one Lingtian Temple."

"So, in addition to the star field we are in, there are two star fields who are strong in this temple. Those two star fields are mostly old star fields. Star Territory."

"This old star field is much stronger than our novice star field. Most of them are the winners of the previous session, or the winners of the previous session."

Hearing this, Qin Feng and the three were stunned.

"So it is!" Qin Feng nodded silently.

Qi Yue sighed: "So, the people here are not easy to provoke! If you provoke the powerhouses of the old star field, I'm afraid it will bring a lot of trouble!"

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Let's go! There is a stele in front of it with an introduction to the functions of the shrine. Let's go and see how we can participate in the Tianwu assessment!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked towards the **** monument in front.

Feng Xi's three daughters followed closely behind.

As soon as the four talents stepped into the hall, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: When you enter the hall of Lingtian Temple, fighting is prohibited here. 】

At the same time, for the arrival of Qin Feng and the others, everyone in the field did not react at all, and no one looked at them directly.

In the eyes of the powerhouses, Qin Feng and the four are just the pinnacles of the prefecture level, not worth mentioning!

Such strength is very common in the field, there is nothing to be concerned about

Qin Feng is naturally too lazy to pay attention to everyone.

Before he knew it, he came to the stele and looked at the information on the stele.

Chapter 504 One in a million! Horror permissions!

At this moment, there are many people around the monument, basically all of them are top-level powerhouses.

These are all novices who entered the temple for the first time, and basically all came to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

The addition of Qin Feng and the four still caused some commotion.

After all, their men are handsome and their women are beautiful, so it's a little hard not to attract attention.

Qin Feng ignored the eyes of those people and couldn't wait to look at the monument in front of him.

It is full of mysterious and complicated divine inscriptions, but what is surprising is that you can understand the meaning of it just by looking at it...

In just a moment, Qin Feng finished reading it, and roughly understood the layout of Lingtian Temple.

"Dad, it turns out that the first teleportation door on the left leads to Lingyun Pavilion. There are a lot of treasures for sale in Lingyun Pavilion, and there should be the title card you need."

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Let's go! Go to Lingyun Pavilion and see!"

The words just fell, and an old man sighed beside him.

"Hey! Little friend, although there are many treasures in Lingyun Pavilion, it is really difficult to buy them!"

Qin Feng followed the sound and saw that the person who spoke was an old man with gray hair.

Qin Feng's heart moved: "friend, what do you say?"

The old man smiled bitterly: "There are many treasures in Lingyun Pavilion, but Tiandao has set many rules and regulations to limit your purchase rights. The old man has tried it himself, but he can't buy anything!"

The words just fell, and the surrounding players also echoed.

"Yeah! I've also been to Lingyun Pavilion, and I don't have the right to buy treasures at all!"

"Hey! It's really hard to buy the treasure you want from Tiandao!"

Qin Feng was curious: "Did Tiandao set a prestige threshold?"

The old man smiled bitterly: "Hehe! Little friend, it's not just the threshold of prestige. The restrictions set by the Heavenly Dao are various, not as simple as the Vientiane Temple. The specifics, the old man can't tell for a while, you can see it by yourself."

"Oh, thanks for letting me know!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked towards the main hall.

Feng Xi's three daughters followed closely behind.

There were also some discussions behind them.

"You said that these four people have any hope of buying treasures in Lingyun Pavilion?"

"Does it need to be said? 99.9999% is impossible to buy! I have seen with my own eyes that among the millions of people who enter Lingyun Pavilion, none of them can meet the requirements of heaven."

"So, these four people are going to run for nothing!"

"Of course! However, if they don't go to the wall themselves, they will definitely not give up. If I wait for persuasion, they will think that I wait too much."

"Exactly!"