Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey! Speaking of which, I am really envious of those who can buy treasures from Lingyun Pavilion!"

"Yeah! The treasures of Lingyun Pavilion are all high-quality goods, and the worst is the eighth-order treasure! Unfortunately, I can only wait and watch, there is no fate!"

At this moment, those people sighed.

Qin Feng naturally listened to the words of those people.

Even Feng Xi's three daughters heard it.

At the moment, the three girls are a little uneasy.

"Dad, listen to those people, the treasures of Lingyun Pavilion are not easy to buy! Not one of the millions of people meets the requirements! This is too difficult!"

"Yeah! Master, if we can't buy the 'Noble God Card', Longyuan Town will always be stuck in a 6th-level town, and we can't make any further progress."

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue's voices were full of worry.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Don't panic! Go to Lingyun Pavilion first to see what's going on!"

In fact, Qin Feng was also a little worried.

If you can't buy the 'Noble God Card', it will definitely be detrimental to the development of Longyuan Town.

He also thought about how to upgrade Longyuan Town into Longyuan City in the future!

Even, in the future, the Blue Star Realm will become Longyuan Star.

How could he let Longyuan Town be stuck in a level 6 town like this.

Thinking of this, he hurried forward

In that direction, there are several portals of light.

The first door of light on the left leads to Lingyun Pavilion.

Soon, Qin Feng came to the door of light and stepped in.

Feng Xi's three daughters followed closely behind.

After a while, Qin Feng's feet were firm, and he found that he had entered a huge hall.

There are nearly a thousand players in the field, most of them are at the peak of the earth level, and only a few are the powerhouses at the heaven level.

And those Heaven-level powerhouses set up stalls in the hall one by one to sell items to the prefecture-level players.

Thinking about it, the players who enter the Lingyun Pavilion basically want to buy items.

Those heaven-level powerhouses set up stalls here, and they also accurately calculated the psychological needs of customers.

At this moment, white light flashed behind Qin Feng, and Feng Xi's three daughters also came in.

"Dad, there are so many people here!"

Xiao Luan'er looked around curiously.

"Master, there are still people selling things here! The scene is very lively!"

Qi Yue was also surprised.

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "Let's go! Choose a crystal ball and see if you can buy items."

"Um!"

The three girls nodded obediently.

At the moment, Qin Feng walked towards an altar in front.

In that direction, there is a row of miniature altars, nearly a hundred in number.

On each miniature altar, there is a football-sized crystal ball, which is what communicates with the temple spirit.

At this moment, many people pressed the crystal ball and entered the mall of Lingyun Pavilion, trying to buy items.

After a while, those people left the mall with a look of disappointment, leaving empty-handed.

Obviously, all of them failed to purchase, and none of them succeeded!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng couldn't help feeling a little uneasy.

In just a moment, he walked to an altar and was about to press the crystal ball with one hand.

At this moment, not far away, a man's voice came.

"Friends, don't waste your time! The purchase threshold of Lingyun Pavilion is very high, and 99.9999% of people can't buy items. If you need it, you might as well come to me and see."

Hearing this, Qin Feng raised his head and saw that the man who spoke was a man in the realm of heaven, with a lofty look between his brows.

Obviously, he saw that Qin Feng was only a prefecture-level realm, and his expression was naturally a little arrogant.

The powerhouses in the heaven-level realm have never been able to see the earth-level realm, which is also human nature.

However, in order to win over a business, he still took the initiative to invite him.

When he saw Qin Feng, he immediately became more active.

"Friends, come and see me here! There are many treasures on the stall, and there are many treasures, which are suitable for the players of the prefecture level like you. By the way, you should have come to participate in the Tianwu assessment, right?"

"Before participating in the assessment, try to get yourself some good equipment to improve your strength. In this way, your success rate of passing the lower grades will be higher."

The man spoke earnestly and looked like he was very concerned about Qin Feng.

Qin Feng glanced at him involuntarily, and found that he was a powerhouse at the seventh level of heaven, and couldn't help but smile.

Such strength, in Qin Feng's eyes, is no longer worth mentioning.

Seeing that Qin Feng's attention was attracted to him, the man stirred up his tongue again.

"My friend, it's very difficult to pass the low-grade integration test. The pass rate is less than 5%, and many people are destined to not be promoted to the heavenly realm in their entire lives. If you don't want to leave regrets, you must equip yourself with a good weapon. "

"Just like my sixth-order long sword, it will help you a lot in improving your strength. If you match it with it, the success rate of passing the test will increase by at least 30%!"

The man, Fu Lan, began to promote his own goods.

When Qin Feng saw this, he smiled and shook his head.

The sixth-order weapon, not to mention that he dislikes it, even his subordinates dislike it.

This man really underestimated him!

Seeing Qin Feng shaking his head, Fu Lan couldn't help but be stunned.

Can't see the sixth-order weapon?

Seeing that this person is not very old, he doesn't look like he is very rich. Could it be that he already has a sixth-order weapon?

Thinking of this, Fu Lan picked up another giant hammer.

"Friend, if you are not satisfied with that sixth-order long sword, then look at this giant hammer. This is a seventh-order weapon! I'm afraid you have never owned such a high-level weapon in your life, right?"

Fu Lan was a little proud.

This giant hammer is his treasure!

Many prefecture-level players want to buy it, but they just can't afford it!

I wonder if this young man can afford it?

Fu Lan's eyes are full of anticipation.

But he didn't want to, Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "I'm not interested in seventh-order weapons!"

Fu Lan was stunned for a moment!

What? !

Not interested in Tier 7 weapons? !

You must know that he, a powerhouse of the seventh rank, only uses a weapon of the seventh rank.

This kid actually said that he was not interested in seventh-order weapons!

Do you have a tier seven weapon?

Can you afford it? !

Fu Lan was instantly speechless.

It was the first time he had seen that an earth-level boy was not interested in seventh-order weapons.

This bragging is too much!

Just when Fu Lan was in a daze, Qin Feng ignored him and pressed the crystal ball in front of him with one palm.

hum!

In the next second, the crystal ball activates and vibrates softly

Then, a strange spiritual idea connected with Qin Feng's idea through the crystal ball as a bridge.

[Congratulations, your idea has been successfully connected with Lingyun Pavilion shopping mall! 】

[Reminder: This pavilion is only open to the prefecture-level realm. Players who exceed the prefecture-level realm do not have the right to purchase]

[Reminder: Players over 100 years old have no right to purchase. 】

[Reminder: Players with a combat power below 30,000 stars do not have the right to purchase. 】

[Reminder: Players with less than 300 reputation points do not have the right to purchase. 】

[Reminder: When the prestige reaches 300 points, there is 1 purchase right; when it reaches 500 points, there are 2 purchase rights; when it reaches 700 points, there are 3 purchase rights. 】

[By analogy, for every 200 more reputation points, one additional purchase authority will be added. 】

[Reminder: Each time you purchase permission, you can only purchase one treasure! 】

[Reminder: Those who have the title of 'Novice Supreme' can add 1 purchase permission]

[Reminder: Those who have the title of 'Anti-God' can add 2 purchase rights. 】

【Start to check your purchase permission now】

【Testing completed! Congratulations on having 12 purchase rights! 】

[Now open the store interface for you]

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Great!

He not only has the right to purchase, but also has 12 permissions!

This time, I'm going to make a lot of money!

The higher the purchase authority of Lingyun Pavilion, the better the treasures inside.

Maybe there will be treasures above the demigod level!

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Boom!

At this moment, a roar sounded in his mind, and a shopping mall interface slowly emerged.

At the same moment, Fu Lan also recovered, and the boss in his heart was unhappy!

Ah!

A kid at the prefecture level, actually said that he didn't like his seventh-order weapon!

This is too much to pretend!

The corners of Fu Lan's mouth twitched slightly, somewhat disdainfully.

He was sure in his heart that Qin Feng couldn't afford it, so he had to pretend.

By the way, this kid is still communicating with the hall spirit in a serious manner.

Could it be that this kid thought he could buy items from Lingyun Pavilion?

If so, it is delusional!

If nothing else, the 30,000-star combat power threshold set by Guangtian Dao cannot be achieved by 99.9999% of the prefecture-level realm.

30,000-star combat power!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

That is the category of combat power of the seventh level of heaven!

In a prefecture-level realm, it is too difficult to achieve that kind of combat power.