Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

If you can really do it, you can definitely pass the assessment of the best combination of Taoism.

And it is difficult to find one among the millions of prefecture-level players!

How could this kid in front of him do it!

Could it be that he really thought he was a one-in-a-million peerless genius?

It is estimated that this kid is the first time to come here, and he doesn't understand anything, just pretending to be b!

The more Fu Lan thought about it, the more disdainful he became. He looked at Qin Feng with disdain, and his eyes showed the look of watching a good show.

He wanted to see what this kid would look like when his purchase failed.

At that time, he made a few more sarcastic words to relieve his anger.

The more Fu Lan thought about it, the more proud he became.

But this idea came to him, and the field changed suddenly!

hum!

A loud and clear chirping!

The crystal ball in Qin Feng's hand suddenly vibrated violently, exuding a dazzling white light, brightening all directions!

In the next second, Qin Feng also lit up with white light, echoing the crystal ball!

Suddenly, the players in the entire temple were startled, and they turned their heads to look.

"Look over there!"

"My God! It seems that someone has obtained the right to purchase!"

"Huh! It really is!"

This time, there was an uproar in the field!

The eyes of everyone looking at Qin Feng are extremely envious!

That Fu Lan is the boss with his mouth open!

No way? !

This kid got permission!

How is this possible? !

There is a one in a million chance of being met by myself!

This time, Fu Lan was completely dumbfounded!

The old face is a little hot and painful!

It turns out that such a change is showing that Qin Feng has obtained the purchase permission and is entering the mall interface again.

It's just that Fu Lan and everyone don't know that Qin Feng has purchased the right not only once, but twelve times.

What makes them even more shocked is yet to come

Chapter 505: Even God-Order Treasures!

"My God! It's hard to get one in a million people to buy permission! This person is amazing!"

"Yeah! The threshold set by Heaven is too high! Those age and realm thresholds are easy to say. It is the 30,000-star combat power threshold, which is really scary!"

"This young man is amazing! With his earth-level realm, he has a 30,000-star combat power. In the next Tianwu test, he will definitely pass the top-grade combined Dao test!"

"Yeah! It's really enviable!"

At this moment, everyone was muttering!

Everyone's eyes fell on Qin Feng. In addition to envy, there was awe in their eyes.

Even the sky-level powerhouses who set up the stalls looked at Qin Feng with awe.

Most of these heaven-level powerhouses are inferior.

Now, they are about to witness the birth of a superb combination of Tao, and their hearts are naturally in awe!

In this world full of slaughter, the stronger the strength, the more status and respect.

"By the way, how many times do you think this young man will have the right to purchase?"

"Most of the powerhouses who have obtained permission have only obtained one or two purchase permissions. More than three times are too rare."

"Yeah! More than three times is too rare! It requires more than 700 reputation points, which is even rarer than 30,000-star combat power!"

"It's true! It's not easy to be at the prefecture level, under the age of 100, and to reach 300 reputation points. As for reaching 500 points, it's even more difficult. If you want to reach 700 points or more, this old man has rarely heard of it!"

The crowd murmured again and again!

They watched Qin Feng silently one by one, with curiosity in their eyes.

That Fu Lan swallowed even more and looked at Qin Feng's eyes, very complicated.

"Fortunately, when I talked to this guy before, there was nothing too much, and there shouldn't be any complaints, right?"

Fu Lan muttered in his heart.

At this moment, he is very afraid of Qin Feng, for fear of offending Qin Feng.

In terms of combat power, Qin Feng has obtained the right to purchase, which is definitely more than 30,000 stars, that is, has the strength of the seventh level of heaven.

Fu Lan is only at the seventh level of heaven!

But if Qin Feng completes the Need for Harmony Assessment, his strength will surpass him in one fell swoop.

With this thought, how could Fu Lan dare to despise Qin Feng!

Instead, he was even more in awe of Qin Feng!

"By the way, I wanted to see this kid's joke before, I wonder if he noticed it?"

Fu Lan muttered in his heart again, and he was a little worried about gains and losses.

never mind!

This kid has been communicating with the temple with his eyes closed, and he must have been unaware.

Thinking of this, Fu Lan breathed a sigh of relief.

He was very curious, how many times Qin Feng would have purchase rights?

Probably twice at most!

Generally, most of those who have obtained the permission have only one purchase permission.

Those who can reach it twice are either from a powerful mysterious force or a challenger.

However, the challengers of this period are just getting started and are unlikely.

As for the three purchase rights?

Fu Lan smiled and felt that Qin Feng was unlikely to have it.

It turned out that it was much more difficult for the Guardian and the Hidden to gain reputation than the Challenger, at least several times more.

In the same situation, the challenger can get 300 reputation, and the guardian and the hider can get 100 reputation.

During this period, the challengers are all in the initial stage.

Therefore, Fu Lan judged that Qin Feng came from a powerful mysterious force, and it was very good to have 300 reputation points and one or two purchase rights.

"I don't think so much! I'm going to see today, how many purchase rights does this guy have?"

Fu Lan muttered in his heart

For some reason, he always expects that Qin Feng has only one purchase right

That way it won't appear that his previous thoughts were too ridiculous

But he didn't know that Qin Feng had 12 purchase rights!

Of course, Qin Feng doesn't care at all about the thoughts of the people around him.

At this moment, he has entered the mall interface, browsing various products

Just a cursory look, he was surprised

There are indeed many treasures in the mall, all treasures above the eighth rank, and even those of the demigod rank.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was excited.

However, he was not in a hurry to buy the treasures of the demigod level, but first went to find the 'Noble God Card'

It didn't take long for him to find it in the divine card classification

[Noble God Card: Ninth-Order God Card]

[Reminder: After using this card, you can authorize subordinate titles to gain some management rights]

[Reminder: This card can only be used by the lord of one side. 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed, thinking that he had finally found it.

Having said that, this noble card is so difficult to buy, I am afraid that many challenging forces will be stuck in a level 6 town, and they will no longer be able to advance.

A town with a strength to advance to level 7 will have a very strong mayor!

By the way, what is the currency in this mall?

Qin Feng suddenly realized a very serious problem.

The shopping mall of the Temple of Vientiane uses contribution points as the currency.

I'm afraid this Lingtian Temple will be different.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly looked at the price

[Noble God Card: Ninth-Order God Card]

【Price: 30,000 points】

[Reminder: This point is the point in the Battle of the Worlds. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng suddenly smiled.

What he lacks the most now is hegemony points.

Before the second competition began, his personal points reached more than three million points.

A ninth-order **** card, 3 points!

It's not cheap!

But to Qin Feng, it is a side dish.

"Upgrading a town to level 7 requires three titles to be awarded. I have to buy 3 **** cards. When the town is upgraded to level 8, I'm afraid that the title requirements will increase."

Qin Feng thought about it in his heart.

This noble card is not easy to buy, and it is not easy for him to visit Lingtian Temple, so he has to think about it in the long run.

Or buy 5 God Cards!

Perhaps, when a town is upgraded to level 8, 5 title authorizations are enough.

Qin Feng guessed in his heart.

Thinking of this, he decided to buy 5 God Cards first!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Hey! This is..."

At this moment, he saw a small reminder under the God Card again.

[Reminder: The title **** card can also authorize the avatar of the ‘leader of power’, allowing his avatar to obtain some management rights. 】

No way? !

this is okay too? !

Qin Feng opened his eyes wide in surprise.

If the clone can also obtain some management rights, he can fully let the clone be responsible for the affairs of Longyuan Town in the future.

That would be of great benefit to both him and Longyuan Town!