Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He can wholeheartedly improve his strength!

The clones can also wholeheartedly develop Longyuan Town.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng bought 5 **** cards without hesitation

[Successful redemption: You spent 150,000 hegemony points to redeem 5 nobility **** cards (ninth rank)]

The title **** card is in hand!

Buying 5 cards is equivalent to consuming 5 purchase rights.

He also has 7 purchase rights.

At the moment, Qin Feng began to browse the mall, looking for treasures that were useful to him

Soon, he discovered that the most precious treasures in the entire mall were three demigod-level items.

The treasure of the demigod!

Can he let it go?

He wants it all!

I saw the first demigod treasure as follows...

[Super God Luck Card: Demigod Rank]

[Reminder: After using this card, the luck will be permanently increased tenfold. 】

【Price: 500,000 points】

500,000 personal points!

Most people don't have it!

Even if Fengxi's three daughters follow Qin Feng and earn points smoothly, there are not so many.

In fact, the first thought of those players who have the right to purchase will be to buy treasures of the demigod level.

In the end, they will give up reluctantly because of insufficient points!

No one can be as rich as Qin Feng...

500,000 points, for him, there is no pressure...

Then, Qin Feng looked at the second demigod-level treasure...

[Zhu Yanshen Blood (Lower Grade): Demigod Rank]

[Exchange points: 500,000 points]

[Reminder: Only when the bloodline talent reaches SS level or above, and if you master the laws of wood, and the strength of your soul body reaches the level of the semi-god world, you can refine this divine blood. 】

This divine blood is also what Qin Feng wants!

He is going to participate in the Tianwu assessment soon, and the stronger his natural strength, the better.

Refining the strength of this group, he can increase a lot of strength

Next, he browsed the third demigod treasure

[Nine-turn Void Soul Pill: Demigod Rank]

[Exchange points: 500,000 points]

[Reminder: Refining this pill can make the soul body of the ultimate demigod level reach the virtual **** level in one fell swoop. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was very excited!

This divine pill is exactly what he needs most now.

If he can refine this pill and his soul body breaks through, he can refine the holy soul fruit.

At that time, he will be able to awaken his ninth sense and increase the fusion degree of the 'God Punishment Eye' to 100%.

In that case, his strength will skyrocket!

In the Tianwu assessment, he can definitely achieve a result that shocks the world!

After browsing the three treasures, Qin Feng did not hesitate to exchange

[Successful redemption: You spent 500,000 points for hegemony and redeemed a Super God Luck Card (Demi-God Rank)]

[Successful redemption: You spent 500,000 hegemony points to redeem a group of low-grade Zhu Yanshen blood (half-god rank)]

[Successful redemption: You spent 500,000 hegemony points to redeem 1 Rank Nine Void Soul Pill (Demi-God Rank)]

Ha ha!

The three most precious treasures in the mall!

So it's all in hand!

At this moment, Qin Feng is in a very happy mood!

Then, he continued to browse the mall

He still has four purchase rights, and naturally he has to use them all up.

In this way, Qin Feng is completely immersed in the joy of shopping

At the same time, in the main hall

Everyone has been watching Qin Feng silently, and they have been waiting a little anxiously.

The muttering in the field continued!

"What's the matter? It's been so long! Has this person exchanged items yet?"

"Yeah! It is estimated that this person has only one exchange authority, so he is weighing the pros and cons, and he has delayed for so long just because he doesn't know which treasure to choose to exchange!"

"It makes sense! I heard that this phenomenon is called Difficulty in Choice!"

"Actually understandable! If I only had one purchase permission and saw so many treasures, I would be dazzled by the sight, and I don't know which one to choose."

At this moment, everyone is talking about it!

Fu Lan naturally heard those remarks and felt that it was very reasonable.

He couldn't help but twitch the corners of his mouth slightly, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

After working for a long time, this kid just bought the permissions at one time!

That way, he felt a lot more at ease!

It's just that this kid has some ink marks!

Don't you just buy the permissions once!

When you see what you need, buy it quickly, so as not to make him wait for a long time, he will be eager to wear it!

Fu Lan couldn't help slandering in his heart!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

hum!

I just heard a loud and clear sound, resounding through the entire hall!

Everyone was shocked and looked at the sound!

I saw a slender and beautiful woman standing beside an altar.

That bright and moving appearance, even standing quietly, is radiant and amazing!

At this moment, her eyes were slightly closed.

And the crystal ball in her hand lit up with a dazzling white light!

The woman's body also lit up with white light, echoing the crystal ball, and the momentum shocked the audience!

That beautiful woman is none other than Qin Feng's servant - Feng Xi!

There was an uproar in the audience!

"My God! Another person has the right to buy!"

"Hey! It really is!"

"Strange! Only one in a million people can purchase 5.0 permissions. It was extremely rare in the past! Today I saw two at once!"

"Yeah! Rare! Really rare!"

"It's like this kind of person who has two permissions a day! I'm afraid it's rare to see it in a hundred years!"

As soon as these words fell, the mutation in the field regenerated!

hum!

Another shocking roar!

Not far away, another crystal ball lit up with white light in the sky!

Everyone hurriedly looked around and saw that the crystal ball was activated by a pure girl of sixteen or seventeen years old!

Dressed in a white dress, she is charming and charming.

That girl is none other than Qin Feng's servant - Qiyue!

The audience was in an uproar again!

"Another one!"

"My God! This is the third one!"

"What day is today? There are three people with authority in one day, which is rare in three hundred years!"

"Yeah! This is too shocking!"

The words just fell, and the mutation happened again!

hum!

In the main hall, the sky-shattering roar resounded once again!

Another crystal ball, lit up with white light in the sky, illuminating all directions!

When everyone looked again, they saw that the crystal ball was opened, and it was a little girl carved in pink and jade.

Like a porcelain doll, so cute!

This little guy is naturally Qin Feng's pet - Xiao Luan'er!

This time, the audience was shocked!

Four!

Four came out at once!

What day is today?

This is a rare occurrence in a thousand years!

At this moment, everyone's heart is extremely shocked!

If they knew that these four were still in the same group, they would be even more shocked to drop their jaws.

Chapter 506 Amazing harvest! Shock the audience!

At this moment, Fu Lan was also stunned!

He stared blankly at Feng Xi's three daughters, unable to speak for a while!

Everyone who has the authority means that the combat power has broken through 30,000 stars and reached the seventh level of heaven!

The appearance of a Qin Feng earlier surprised him!

How come there are three more!

"My God! This is too exaggerated!"

"Yeah! Four of them popped up all at once, in the same day! This is a rare occurrence in a thousand years!"

"Hey! I really envy these people! I wonder how many times these three women will have the right to purchase?!"

"Look! It's probably better than the first person to appear! Look at that person who hasn't redeemed it yet!"