Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Someone in the crowd whispered!

Hearing this, many people looked at Qin Feng again.

Yes!

What the **** is this guy doing?

It's been so long, why hasn't it been redeemed yet?

At this moment, everyone was muttering in their hearts, their expectations for Qin Feng weakened, and their attention fell on Feng Xi's three daughters.

It didn't take long for Xiao Luan'er to redeem it first!

This little guy has always done things simply!

As soon as she finished the exchange, a beam of reward light descended from the sky and landed on top of her head.

Afterwards, a mass of blood essence emitting nine brilliance slowly descended along the beam of light.

There was an exclamation sound all around!

"Look at that blood essence! Nine rays of brilliance! That is a treasure of the ninth tier!"

"Ninth-order items! Even the demigods will be salivating!"

"Yeah! It's really enviable!"

Everyone was amazed and their voices were full of envy!

At the same moment, Xiao Luan'er also opened her eyes and looked at the blood in the air with surprise.

[Suzaku Essence and Blood (Superior Grade): Ninth-Rank Top Grade]

It turned out that it was the Suzaku blood essence of the highest level!

Xiao Luan'er's Suzaku blood talent had already reached the A-level limit.

21 If she is allowed to refine this group of blood essence, she will definitely be able to break through the shackles and reach the S-level blood talent (Suzaku).

Since then, she has possessed two S-rank talents.

One is the S-rank Extreme Yang talent, and the other is the S-rank Suzaku bloodline talent.

Then her comprehensive strength will skyrocket a lot, and the probability of passing the high-level divine grade assessment will be even greater.

And the more her strength improves, the more help she will be to her father.

Thinking of this, Xiao Luan's heart is full of joy!

At present, the threat of Liudao's ancestors, the little guy is very worried about Qin Feng's safety, and wants to help Qin Feng share some of his worries.

In just a moment, the blood essence fell in front of Xiao Luan'er!

Then, in the eyes of everyone's envy, she put away the blood

Immediately afterwards, the crystal ball in front of her also dimmed.

It turns out that Xiao Luan'er has only one purchase right!

hum!

Just as Xiao Luan'er collected the blood essence, there was another thunderous sound from the side!

Everyone followed the sound and saw a beam of light, which descended from the sky and landed on Qiyue.

Afterwards, there was also a cloud of dark red blood essence, emitting nine rays of brilliance, and slowly falling along the beam of light.

"That's also the blood of the ninth level!"

"Yeah! It's worth a lot!"

The crowd was once again amazed.

At this time, Qiyue also opened her eyes and looked at Jingxue with a face of surprise.

[Kirin blood essence (needle grade): ninth-rank top grade]

Like Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue's bloodline talent has already reached the A-level limit.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

As long as she refines this mass of blood essence, she can also reach the S-level bloodline talent.

At this point, she will also have two S-level talents, that is, the S-level extreme yin talent and the S-level bloodline talent.

Having said that, the three messengers under Qin Feng's command.

Feng Xi already had two S-level talents, namely the S-level death law talent and the S-level Phoenix bloodline talent.

If Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue were both able to reach S in terms of bloodline talent, then the gap between them and Feng Xi would be shortened.

In just a moment, Qiyue also got the blood.

The crystal ball in front of her also dimmed.

She also has only one purchase permission!

However, she was very satisfied that she got the blood essence she wanted most.

She had the same idea as Xiao Luan'er, that is, to quickly refine the blood essence and break through to the S-rank bloodline talent.

The stronger she is, the more helpful she is to the master!

hum!

Just when everyone was amazed, another beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Feng Xi.

Then, two groups of blood essence fell down the beam of light!

Each group of blood essence exudes nine rays of brilliance!

That is the phoenix blood essence of the ninth-rank high-grade level (high-grade).

This movement naturally caused everyone to be amazed again!

After a while, Feng Xi got the blood essence, and the crystal ball dimmed.

It turned out that Feng Xi's purchase authority was twice!

So far, the three women have completed the exchange!

People are still mourning!

"These three people are all exchanged!"

"Yeah! They all got ninth-order treasures! It's really enviable!"

"The beautiful woman on the left seems to be more powerful. She has the right to purchase twice, which is really amazing!"

"Indeed! Two purchases of authority, already a master among masters. It seems that among the three women, that woman is the strongest!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at Feng Xi with awe.

Just then, someone muttered.

"By the way, these three women have all been exchanged! Why hasn't the man been exchanged yet?"

"Yes! What happened to that man?"

With this reminder, everyone looked at Qin Feng with doubts in their eyes.

At this moment, the focus of the audience shifted to Qin Feng again.

hum!

Just when everyone was suspicious, Qin Feng's crystal ball suddenly vibrated.

The next second, it lit up with a dazzling white light, illuminating the entire hall!

Everyone's eyes widened in surprise.

"Look! That guy's crystal ball is moving!"

"Yeah! He finally exchanged it! I don't know, what treasure did he exchange this time?"

"It is estimated that it is also a mass of ninth-order blood essence!"

"One group? Could it be two groups?"

"Two groups? That's two purchase permissions! I think this person has at most one permission!"

"That's right! People who have permission twice are extremely rare! If you say that someone who has permission once is one in a million. Then the person who has the permission twice is one in ten million. The person who has the permission three times is one in a million. !"

This is the end, the mutation is reborn!

hum!

I saw that above the beam of light, the space trembled slightly!

In the next second, above the beam of light, five divine cards bloomed with nine brilliance!

Everyone was stunned for a moment!

I thought I was wrong!

Afterwards, they opened their eyes and looked carefully, and it turned out to be five divine cards!

boom!

At the moment, there was an uproar in the field!

"That...that's five ninth-order **** cards! Did the old man read it wrong?"

"You read that right! That's definitely five **** cards!"

"My God! In other words, this person's purchase authority is five times!"

"Indeed!"

"Hey! Five times! According to the previous probability, it is not one of ten billion miles!"

"Indeed!"

"It's so scary! It turns out that this person is the strongest!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed!

Looking at Qin Feng one by one, they became extremely awe-inspiring!

Being able to have five purchase rights also reflects from the side that Qin Feng's strength is extremely powerful!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and looked at the five divine cards with joy...

Those are the ninth-rank noble cards!

In just a moment, those divine cards fell in front of him.

Qin Feng put it away with satisfaction.

Seeing this scene, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

It looks like it's all over!

At this time, someone in the crowd murmured again.

"Everyone, the **** card is the cheapest among the ninth-order items. Why does this lord only buy the **** card and not other ninth-order items?"

The man's tone was very respectful to Qin Feng, and he actually called Qin Feng 'sir' and did not dare to call him arbitrarily.

Obviously, he did not dare to offend Qin Feng at all!

As soon as his words fell, everyone was puzzled.

right!

This adult clearly has five purchase rights, why did he buy the cheapest God Card?

Just then, another person spoke.

"Oh! My friend, you don't know that. The ninth-order items are extremely precious, even if it is a **** card, it will cost about 30,000 points. Although this adult has 5 permissions, he may not have enough points! So, He chose the cheapest **** card!"

"right!"

As soon as those words fell, everyone nodded, thinking it made sense.

hum!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Above the beam of light, golden light flashed again, and four treasures appeared!