Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

One God Card, three treasure chests!

boom!

The audience was once again a sensation!

"No way?! There are four more!"

"Friend! Didn't you say that this adult doesn't have enough points? Why did he exchange things again!"

"This...this is too amazing!"

"In this way, the adult's purchase authority is 9 times!"

"Nine times? What probability is that?"

"It seems to be one in a million billion!"

"My God! Is this all true?"

At this moment, the audience was completely shocked!

All of them looked at Qin Feng with awe!

The atmosphere in the field has also become quiet

At the same moment, Qin Feng looked at the four treasures with joy

He was too lazy to pay attention to everyone's eyes!

At his level, these people are like ants in his eyes

In just a moment, four treasures fell in front of him

That is the Kaitianshen card and three mythical treasure chests!

This time, he bought a super-god luck card of the semi-god rank, which can permanently increase the luck tenfold.

That being the case, he might as well buy a Kaitianshen card and three mythical treasure chests, and then find a way to synthesize a Kaitian-level treasure chest.

Open a heaven-level treasure chest, and you can open treasures from the demigod level to the low-level **** level.

If his luck is permanently increased tenfold, then if he opens the 'Heaven-level treasure chest', the probability of opening a low-level god-level treasure is not small.

It was this calculation that Qin Feng exchanged like this.

Thinking of this, he put away the four treasures with satisfaction...

Everyone in the field took a deep breath.

Just when they thought that this time should be over, the mutation happened 453 times again!

hum!

Another space tremor!

Above the beam of light, three treasures appeared again!

A **** card!

A mass of divine blood!

A magic pill!

boom!

Totally messed up!

There are three more treasures!

This adult's purchase authority is actually twelve times!

what! Not right!

Those three treasures exude ten rays of brilliance!

OMG!

It was actually a demigod treasure!

boom!

Everyone was shocked!

The field was quiet for a moment, as if the air had frozen!

As we all know, the most precious treasures of Lingyun Pavilion are three demigod-level treasures!

Unfortunately, because it is too expensive, no one has been able to redeem it!

But no one thought that Qin Feng would exchange all of them today!

At this moment, everyone was dumbfounded!

One by one with their mouths wide open!

The whole place was dead silent!

Even if a needle falls, you can clearly hear it!

It didn't take long for the three treasures of the demigod level to fall in front of Qin Feng.

He happily put it away!

The crystal ball also dimmed!

It's finally over!

But the audience was still dead silent, everyone held their breath, not even breathing!

Everyone looked at Qin Feng silently, and there was not only awe, but also some fear in their eyes!

Qin Feng's enchanting performance has truly frightened them!

Fu Lan not far away, the whole person is numb!

At this moment, even a heavenly powerhouse like him is afraid of Qin Feng!

Just standing not far from Qin Feng, he didn't dare to breathe loudly!

Qin Feng ignored the crowd.

He put away the treasure and was about to turn around and leave

"Dad, I also exchanged for the same treasure!"

"Master, we have also redeemed it!"

At this time, the three of Xiao Luan'er came over.

Qin Feng smiled slightly when he heard that the three girls had also exchanged the treasures, which was quite gratifying.

"Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng took the lead and walked towards the exit.

Three girls follow!

Everyone was dumbfounded again!

It turned out that these four were actually a group!

What is even more shocking is that this adult is actually the master and father of the three girls!

The field is still dead silent!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Everyone watched silently as Qin Feng and the four left

In just a moment, Qin Feng and the four passed through the gate of light and left Lingyun Pavilion.

The field is still quiet!

The mood of the people can not be calm for a long time

Chapter 507 Title promotion! God killer!

But they said that Qin Feng and the four passed through the door of light and returned to the main hall!

At this time, there was still a lot of noise in the main hall with people coming and going!

No one paid attention to the reappearance of Qin Feng and the others.

These people didn't know what happened in Lingyun Pavilion, so naturally they wouldn't pay attention to the four prefecture-level players.

The four of Qin Feng silently came to a corner of the hall, looking for a remote and unoccupied place.

At this time, Qin Feng took Feng Xi's three daughters into the zero-degree space, and released the phantom avatar.

Subsequently, he also entered the zero-degree space.

After the phantom avatar swallowed the space node, it sat cross-legged, pretending to be meditating and resting.

In the hall, people come and go!

No one paid attention to him

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng's four people are all happy!

"Dad, this time I exchanged for the best Suzaku blood essence! My bloodline talent is expected to break through to S rank!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "Very good!"

"Master, what I exchanged is the best qilin blood essence! Refining that ball of blood essence, my bloodline talent can also reach S rank."

Qi Yue was also excited.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile and looked at Feng Xi again.

Feng Xi smiled sweetly: "Master, I have one more purchase authority than them! I exchanged 2 groups of top-quality Phoenix blood essence. By refining those blood essence, my bloodline talent should be able to improve from the early S rank to the mid S rank! "

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "It's very good! Refining these top-quality blood essence can make your strength soar! It will be very helpful for your next joint assessment!"

Feng Xi smiled and said, "That's right! Originally, with my strength and the help of the Death Sword, I would have a 40% chance of obtaining a high-level divine quality. If I raise my bloodline talent to mid-S rank, That's a 50 percent chance."

Hearing this, Qin Feng was even more delighted.

He naturally hoped that Feng Xi would be able to obtain a high-level divine quality.

If Feng Xi succeeds, it will be a great reward for his combat power.

"Dad, if my bloodline talent evolves successfully, I also have about a 40% chance of winning the first-class gods!"

Xiao Luan'er also said proudly.

Qiyue smiled bitterly: "I may be close to 40%, that is, 35%!"

Qin Feng comforted: "As long as you work hard, you can all hope to achieve the highest level of divine quality!"

"Well! Dad, we'll work hard!"

"Master, the high-grade gods combine Dao, it seems to be the highest-level combination. I wonder if there are higher-level ones? With the master's strength, only the high-level gods are not worthy of the master. ."

At this time, Feng Xi added another sentence.

Qiyue nodded quickly: "Yes! I also think that the master needs a higher-level combination. By the way, master, your foundation building is at the anti-god level. Maybe, you can also trigger the anti-god level this time. the way."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Whether it can be triggered to the anti-god level, we will have to go to Lingxiao Pavilion to find out. However, before I go, I will digest this time's harvest first!"

"Um!"

The three girls nodded.

The High Heaven Pavilion is the place to participate in the Tianwu assessment!

At the moment, Feng Xi's three daughters left one after another.

After the three girls left, Qin Feng waved his hand, and five golden cards appeared in front of him!

[Noble God Card: Ninth-Order God Card]

[Reminder: After using this card, you can authorize subordinate titles to gain some management rights]

[Reminder: This card can only be used by the lord of one side. 】