Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"It's time to use the God Card! Upgrade Longyuan Town!"

Qin Feng muttered, and his heart was full of expectations.

Having said that, this divine card can be used on clones, so he will try the effects with clones first.

Thinking of this, he picked up a divine card, broke his fingers and dripped blood into the divine card.

hum!

The next second, the divine card in his hand vibrated slightly, then turned into countless golden lights and disappeared between the heaven and the earth

[Successful use of the 'Noble God Card'! You have obtained the authority granted by Heavenly Dao, and have the authority to grant the subordinate 'Master'. 】

[Reminder: The authorization of this title is equivalent to some kind of heaven contract. To be awarded a title, you need to have a master-slave contract with you, or be your clone, before you can be awarded a title! 】

"I see!"Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Qin Feng was stunned!

In other words, the person who was awarded a title must absolutely obey his orders.

Only clones, servants, and pets can meet these regulations!

In the future, if he wants to award titles to Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and others, he must first sign a servant contract with these people.

This is also a good thing!

With this in mind, Qin Feng closed his eyes and began to award the title

In just a moment, an announcement sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Jue' on Yueling's clone]

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, Long Yuan was up and down with joy!

Great!

The boss finally got the title card!

That Longyuan Town is not far from promotion!

At this thought, everyone was overjoyed!

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, a station was in the sky.

The Moon Spirit clone lit up with golden light!

He is being awarded a title by Qin Feng

After a while, the golden light on his body dissipated!

The award is complete!

Tiandao sounded again

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Yueling's clone for obtaining the title of 'Holy Lord' and having some management rights over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, everyone cheered again!

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng is also full of surprises!

It turns out that knighting can also gain prestige!

This is really good!

He is worrying about how to gain prestige!

With this in mind, he quickly picked up the second noble card and activated it directly by dripping blood.

hum!

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Jue' on the avatar of the wood spirit]

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mu Ling's avatar for obtaining the title of 'Human Noble' and having some management rights over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

In the blink of an eye, the wood spirit clone was also awarded the title.

continue to be knighted

Qin Feng picked up the third divine card and activated it directly

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Noble' on Bing Ling's clone]

【The award is complete! Congratulations to the Bingling clone for obtaining the title of 'Holy Lord' and having some management authority over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

So far, Qin Feng's reputation has accumulated to 1960 points, which is not far from the goal of 2000 points!

As long as he reaches 2000 reputation points, he can immediately obtain the title of 'Godslayer'!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Announcement: Longyuan Town already has three lords, who meet the conditions for promotion to level 7 town, and can be promoted at any time]

boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, Long Yuan cheered again!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and there was joy in his eyes!

Longyuan Town can finally be upgraded!

However, don't worry, wait until he gets a new title!

With this in mind, Qin Feng picked up the fourth divine card and started to activate it

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Noble' on the Mirage clone]

【The award is complete! Congrats to the Mirage clone for obtaining the title of 'Holy Lord' and having some management rights over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

Then, the fifth **** card is activated

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Fengzheng awarded Fengxi the title of 'Human Jue']

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Feng Xi for winning the title of 'Holy Noble' and having some management authority over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

call!

All used up!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Detected: Your basic combat power has reached 1.305 million stars, and your reputation has reached 2000 points. Congratulations on your new title - God Killer! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Godslayer' and the blessing of 100,000-star combat power! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'God Killer' and a chance to be assessed for a 'God Killer Level Combined Dao'. 】

[Reminder: Entering the high-level god-level assessment area will automatically activate the opportunity for the god-killing level assessment. 】

Boom!

As soon as the prompt came out, the sky shook!

A golden beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's body

In the next second, his momentum soared wildly!

Qin Feng couldn't help but close his eyes and experience the joy of soaring combat power

After a long time, the golden light dissipated!

Title promotion complete!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face was full of ecstasy!

His title has finally been promoted!

The basic combat power soared to 1.405 million stars in one fell swoop!

What's even better is that he also got a chance to 'kill the gods'!

God-killing-level reconciliation!

It is two steps higher than the first-class god-grade Hedao!

According to Qin Feng's calculation, the combination of the superior gods and the gods is the combination of gods.

And above the God-Defying God-level combination, it is the God-killing-level combination.

Therefore, the god-killing level combination is what Qin Feng wants most, and it is much more powerful than the anti-god level combination.

You must know that the power of the first-class gods and the Tao is 200,000 stars.

According to common sense, the power of the God-defying God-level combination is twice that of the superior God-level, that is, 400,000 stars.

And the power of the god-killing level is twice that of the anti-god level, which is 800,000 stars!

The power of 800,000-star Harmony!

Just think about it, Qin Feng's heart is hot.

If he can get such a combination, he will no longer be afraid of the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

Of course, these are all his speculations.

The specific god-killing-level combination, whether there is a power of 800,000 stars, will only be known after he obtains it.

However, the title of God Killer is so difficult to obtain, so it can be seen that the God Killer level joint assessment is also extremely difficult.

He can't guarantee that he can pass the test!

If not, the success rate is less than 30%!

In order to increase the pass rate, he had to improve some strengths.

"By the way, Longyuan Town can be upgraded to level 7, it's time to upgrade!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the panel

Upgrading Longyuan Town can greatly increase the strength of all the townspeople, and also improve his strength.

Soon, Qin Feng entered the mayor's operation interface

Chapter Five Hundred and Eighth Accumulations! Two levels in a row!

At the same moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel, it was already frying!

Everyone is chatting excitedly!

"Great! Our Longyuan Town has finally met the requirements for a 7th-level town!"

"Yeah! This time, everyone's strength will skyrocket when they are upgraded to level 7 town!"

"Haha! I can't wait!"

"I now have more than 4,000 star combat power. If Longyuan Town is upgraded by one level, I will be able to break through 5,000 star power. At that time, I will be able to feed back the combat power to the boss!"

"Haha! I'm also about to break 5000 stars!"

"The two upstairs are so powerful! In another ten hours, the Sixth Dao Patriarch will be here! We can't help anything! It would be good if we could give the boss back some fighting power!"

"Hey! Even if we can feed back, it's a drop in the bucket, and it won't make much difference!"

"Upstairs, the ants killed the elephant! If everyone can give back to the boss's fighting strength, it will add up to a lot, and it will always be useful!"

"When you say that, I can't wait. I hope our town can be upgraded soon!"

"Yeah! I'm really looking forward to this upgrade! I don't know how to upgrade to level 7." How much strength can everyone improve? "