Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Go watch the points channel! Boss Qin Feng's points are blowing out! Blowout!"

"what?!"

"I gonna go see!"

"I'm going to have a look too!"

At the moment, everyone switched to the list channel one after another.

When I entered, everyone was dumbfounded!

I saw that Qin Feng's points have reached 147 points, and they are still soaring.

Jump every second!

Or add an 8!

Or add a 9!

In a blink of an eye, it soared to 179 points...

The second place Liu Xuan, only 12 points.

Everyone was dumbfounded!

But after a while, the whole village burst into cheers

Chapter 65 Cool! Rewards keep increasing!

At this moment, the 911 chat channel was full of joy.

"Haha! It's amazing! Big Brother Qin Feng is amazing!"

"Yeah! He scored 179 points alone!"

"Upstairs! More than 179 points! He is now 196 points!"

"Fuck~! Awesome! It's really awesome!"

"Haha! If we continue to develop at this rate, we will win! We will definitely win!"

"Yeah! It's all thanks to Boss Qin Feng!"

"I admire Boss Qin Feng so much!"

"Woo! Excited! So excited! I'm so excited that I want to marry Qin Feng's boss!"

"Big sister upstairs, don't think about it, brother Qin Feng belongs to this girl!"

"Wow! Look! Look! Boss Qin Feng's points have reached more than 220 points!"

"God! It's too fast! If this continues, I'm afraid we can win the bet in less than two hours!"

"Haha! Yes! If we win this time, each of us will get 50 attribute rewards! Thinking about it makes me excited!"

"Upstairs, there is still 70% of the resource reward! It's cool to think about it!"

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, don't forget! All of this was created by Mr. Qin Feng for us. We can't just watch it, and we can also provide some help to Mr. Qin Feng. For example, the spiritual flowers and grasses he needs, What we have, we will trade it to him!"

Wu Yong: "Yo! Liu Yuan, you have something to say today, and it sounds like a human! I support your proposal!"

Lei Jue: "You two are right! Brothers, Qin Feng has paid so much for us, and we have to provide him with corresponding help!"

"The big guys are right! Brothers, let's act quickly!"

"Haha! I just got a tier 1 spirit grass, and I'll trade it to Qin Feng boss in exchange for his ten pounds of barbecue!"

"I also have a spirit grass, and I want to exchange barbecue with Qin Feng boss!"

Obviously, the value of tier 1 spirit grass is far greater than 10 pounds of barbecue.

But at this moment, everyone willingly donated the spirit grass.

They want Qin Feng to become stronger!

At the same time, they also wanted to express their gratitude to Qin Feng in this way.

Suddenly, this kind of advocacy was echoed in the chat channel.

Everyone took action, as long as it was beneficial to Qin Feng, they would do it...

At the same time, in the forest of the seventh-level fierce beast area.

Liu Xuan looked at the points ranking in shock.

At this moment, Qin Feng has 247 points, and he only has 12 points.

"Qin Feng is really powerful! I'm far inferior to him!"

Liu Xuan withdrew from the list channel with a look of emotion.

At this moment, he admired Qin Feng so much.

Whoa~la~la!

At this moment, there was a screeching noise from the woods ahead.

Then, two level 7 beasts rushed out of the jungle.

One man and two beasts suddenly met and confronted each other.

When they saw that Liu Xuan was only a level 6 human, the two level 7 beasts showed contempt in their eyes.

Liu Xuan also slightly raised his mouth and smiled.

"Two! It's just right! It's just time to exchange it with Qin Feng for two Tier 1 steel knives!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, the light of the sword flashed around him, and five tier 1 steel knives appeared.

In the next second, his mind moved, and the five steel knives shot out at the two beasts, like an imperial envoy with five flying swords!

This is his talent - magnetic manipulation!

He can control multiple steel knives at one time, and his combat power is powerful.

The more steel knives there are, the stronger his combat power will be.

Therefore, he is eager to exchange more steel knives from Qin Feng.

roar~! roar~!

The two beasts roared and rushed over.

The two sides immediately fought together.

Liu Xuan had the upper hand with one enemy and two.

In just this scene, he stepped into the ranks of the strong in Zone 1!

...

At the same moment, on the chat channel of Village No. 77, the people of Zhonglong Country sighed.

"Hey! Brothers, it's been an hour and a half, and our village has only gained 5 points in total."

"Yeah! You need to accumulate 1,000 points to decide the winner. According to this progress, when will it take you to reach it?"

"Hey! I'm so flustered!"

"I'm so uneasy too!"

"My heart is also cool and cool!"

"We're not really going to lose, are we?!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"If you lose, you will be miserable! Not only will resources be deducted by 70%, but everyone will also be deducted 50 attributes! As a result, many people will die in the novice assessment!"

"It's so scary! Woo! Woo! I don't want to die yet!"

"Brothers, I feel like we were trapped by Qin Feng!"

"Upstairs, don't rush to a conclusion! Let's continue to work hard! The faction bet is the total points of one camp. Our village has not enough points, and Qin Feng's 911 village and the 34th village!"

"Hey! I hope the two villages are stronger!"

The crowd sighed, still panicking. …

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Village No. 5.

Rami Miyamoto and the others chatted excitedly.

Takeda Shin: "Miyamoto-sama, an hour and a half has passed, and our village has gained a total of 27 points."

Rami Miyamoto: "Yo Xi! This is a good result!"

Nobu Takeda: "Lord Miyamoto, our village is one of the most powerful villages in District No. 1."

Takeda Nobuo: "According to my calculations, the total points of the 24 villages in our camp should have reached more than 200 points.

Takeda Nobuo: "At this rate, we will probably win in six hours!"

Rami Miyamoto: "Yo Xi! Takeda-san, your speculation coincides with mine!"

Takeda Shin: "It is my honor to be recognized by Miyamoto-sama!"

As soon as these words fell, other islanders appeared in the chat channel.

"Two adults, if we hadn't lost the bet last time, our results would have been better!"

"Yeah! The last bet made us lose 20 attributes and half of our resources. If we didn't lose these, we can now reach more than 40 points."

"Oh! It's a pity!"

Seeing everyone's complaints about the last bet, Miyamoto Lang was a little bit unable to step down.

Immediately, he said: "Everyone, last time we lost because Qin Feng cheated. This time, I can swear that we will win! If we lose again, I will kill myself! I will do what I say!"

Takeda letter: "Miyamoto-sama, how can you make such a serious oath?"

Rami Miyamoto: "Takeda-san, you don't have to dissuade me! I swear by the dignity of a samurai! No one can dissuade me."

Rami Miyamoto said with a firm oath.

In fact, he thought that his side would win, so he made such a sure oath.

arrogant!

Backtrack!

It has always been the characteristics of the islanders.

 …

At the same time, in 911 Village, Ant Gathering Mountain, at the entrance of Mine Valley.

Qin Feng and the ant colony fought fiercely,

In just a short while, he even killed more than 20 giant ants, and the upgrade progress reached level 9 (38560/100000), and the points also reached 287 points.

It can be described as a bumper harvest of upgrades and points, which is gratifying!

However, Qin Feng's pressure is increasing.

I saw him leaning back against the boulder, slashing repeatedly with the long knife in his hand.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, the knife light in the field is connected into one piece!

The +100% attack speed of Wind Scar Blade played a great role at this moment.

In front of Qin Feng, the giant ants were surrounded on three sides, and they were all daring to bite.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Wherever the sword light passed, one giant ant had either its head split open or its waist cut off.

Those whose heads were split were killed on the spot.

The one who was cut off in the middle was still fierce, and continued to bite at Qin Feng.