Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Wait! The boss must be operating!"

At this moment, everyone is both excited and nervous!

Everyone can't wait

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Town]

[Longyuan Announcement: The upgrade was successful! Longyuan Town has been upgraded from a level 6 town to a level 7 town]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to all the townspeople, you will be blessed by Heaven and get 6400 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 13,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 7, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 9 wooden house. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 7, and the villagers opened the permission to upgrade to level 8 wooden house. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 7, and the population cap was raised to 2 million. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 7, and the upper limit of the teleportation array has been increased to 300. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 7, and the life occupation has opened level 6 permission. 】

boom!

As soon as these announcements came out, Long Yuan went up and down, and there were earth-shattering cheers!

The long-awaited upgrade of Longyuan has finally been completed!

Boom!

Just then, the sky shook!

One after another, the reward beams fell from the sky and fell on everyone.

In the next second, the attribute points of the townspeople skyrocketed, each by 6400 points.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng also received the reward beam of light, and his attribute points soared by 13,000!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Such an improvement makes him very satisfied!

However, it's not over yet.

Once Longyuan Town has been upgraded, he can upgrade to the 9th-level wooden house, which will be a large amount of attribute point income.

Thinking of this, he switched to the cabin interface again, and checked 767 to see the conditions required to upgrade the cabin to level 9.

After seeing this, he smiled.

It turns out that the necessary material to upgrade the 9th-level wooden house is the sixth-level lightning strike wood!

This material, in the process of killing the beast god, he obtained a mineral point.

Longyuan Town has long stored a large number of lightning strike wood, which is not scarce at all!

Qin Feng just used it.

Thinking of this, he retrieved a lightning strike wood from the resource library and started the upgrade of the wooden house.

In just a moment, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has succeeded in upgrading his wooden house to level 9! The mayor Qin Feng received 13,000 attribute rewards. 】

not bad!

Another 13,000 attribute rewards!

Qin Feng is quite satisfied!

Mosquitoes are meat no matter how small!

At this moment, another series of announcements came from Tiandao.

[Longyuan Announcement: Town resident Xiao Luan'er successfully upgraded to level 8 wooden house, Xiao Luan'er received 6400 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Qiyue, a townsman, successfully upgraded to level 8, and Qiyue received 6400 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Fengxi Liu Xuan successfully upgraded to the 8th-level wooden house, and Fengxi received 6400 attribute rewards. 】

At this moment, thousands of announcements sounded continuously in Longyuan Town.

In the major stations of Longyuan Town, white light flashed continuously!

One wooden house after another, from level 7 to level 8, the momentum is extremely amazing!

It turned out that Longyuan Town has been fighting incessantly, and the resources have already been hoarded extremely richly!

There are more than 60,000 slaves, mining resources day and night!

That resource is getting more and more every day!

This made the wooden houses of Long Yuan's children all upgraded to level 7!

Now, as soon as Longyuan Town has been upgraded, all the townspeople have obtained the permission to upgrade the 8th-level wooden house!

They can't wait to start upgrading to level 8 cabins!

Longyuan Town has already had a large inventory of dark gemstone resources for upgrading the 8th-level wooden house, and there are too many to be used up!

In this way, the upgraded white light of the wooden houses in the major stations of Long Yuan has become one piece!

The scene was amazing!

Not long after, the wooden houses of Long Yuan's children all rose to level 8!

Everyone's attribute points skyrocketed again, and they got another 6400 attribute rewards!

The two waves of rewards are accumulated, which is equivalent to 13,000 attribute points.

Converted into combat power, it is about 300 stars!

So far, such a generous reward has made everyone cheer!

But before everyone is happy, there is a reminder from Tiandao

[Longyuan Announcement: Longyuan Town already has five lords, who meet the conditions for promotion to level 8 town and can be promoted at any time]

what!

Can also be promoted!

boom!

Long Yuan went up and down, once again a sensation!

Qin Feng is also full of surprises!

It turned out that Long Yuan's wooden house upgrade just now, unknowingly, met the requirements for upgrading to an 8th-level town.

Another key requirement for upgrading to level 8 is the need for 5 lords.

Qin Feng has done it unintentionally!

In this way, Longyuan Town will be a matter of course, reaching the standard for further promotion!

To put it bluntly, this is exactly the result of Longyuan Town's accumulation!

Today, we can finally take off!

Figured this out, Qin Feng quickly opened the mayor's operation interface and pressed a button to upgrade without hesitation.

Tiandao's reminder also came again

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Town]

[Longyuan Announcement: The upgrade was successful! Longyuan Town has been upgraded from a level 7 town to a level 8 town]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to all the townspeople, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 13,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 26,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 8, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 10. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 8, and the villagers have opened the permission to upgrade to level 9 wooden houses. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 8, and the population cap was raised to 3 million. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 8, and the upper limit of the teleportation array has been increased to 400. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 8, and the creation authority of the guardian altar (top grade) has been opened. 】

Boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, the sky shook!

Immediately afterwards, beams of reward beams of light descended from the sky and fell on everyone in Longyuan.

In the next second, the attribute points of the townspeople skyrocketed again, each by 13,000 points.

At the same time, Qin Feng received 26,000 attribute rewards!

He was overjoyed!

Afterwards, he opened the cabin interface again to check the requirements for upgrading to level 10.

The necessary material for level 10 wooden house is the seventh-order wind crystal!

This material is extremely rare!

Longyuan Town has not found any mines so far!

However, Qin Feng slaughtered many hiders and guardians.

From the storage rings of some people, Fengkongjing has been found.

Today, he has more than twenty wind crystals in his hand, which can satisfy his own wooden house upgrade without any problems.

At the moment, he began to upgrade the wooden house

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has succeeded in raising his 10-level wooden house! The mayor Qin Feng received 26,000 attribute rewards. 】

This news came out, and there was a series of announcements from Tiandao.

[Longyuan Announcement: Town resident Xiao Luan'er successfully upgraded to level 9 wooden house, and Xiao Luan'er received 1.3 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Qiyue, a town resident, successfully upgraded to level 9, and Qiyue received 13,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Fengxi Liu Xuan successfully upgraded to level 9 wooden house, Fengxi received 1.3 attribute rewards. 】

Suddenly, the major stations in Longyuan Town once again lit up the upgraded light of a wooden house!

After a full moment, all the wooden house upgrades are over!

The wooden houses of all the townspeople have all been upgraded to level 9!

Long Yuan was rejoicing again and again!

In that chat channel, everyone was already bursting with excitement!

"Haha! Brothers! Cool! This time is really cool!"

"Yeah! This time, it has been promoted two levels in a row!"

"That's the result of our accumulation!"

"No! It was the wise decision of the boss! The boss had predicted in advance that five barons would be needed to upgrade the town to level 8. He completed it first!"

"Yes! The boss is wise! Long live the boss!"

The crowd cheered again, and the worship of Qin Feng in their hearts deepened.

They didn't know that it was also the result of Qin Feng's mistake.

After being excited, everyone started chatting excitedly.

"Brothers! Speaking of which, Longyuan Town has been upgraded twice in a row, and each of us has accumulated nearly 40,000 attribute rewards! This is a huge amount!"

"Yeah! 40,000 attribute points, converted into combat power, is nearly a thousand stars!"

"Haha! So many attribute points! Cool! It's really cool!"

"If I add all these attribute points, the combat power will definitely break 5000 stars!"

"Haha! Me too!"