Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Don't say it! Add more! Add more! Hurry up and add more! I want to break 5,000 stars and give back to the boss!"

"Haha! I'll add some too!"

At the moment, everyone is very happy!

Can't wait to open the panels one by one and start adding points

That is the joy of a big harvest! ...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng is also happy!

Longyuan Town has been upgraded to 2 levels in a row, and the strength of the townspeople has improved a lot!

And the attribute point reward he got, nearly 80,000 points, is also a very good gain

Thinking of this, he is going to add some

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The Moon Spirit clone is merging with the land deed card (the residence of the ten ominous tribes)]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the master of the ten villains, who have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained a new site (special grade) and get 10,000 points. 】

【Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 24】

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone successfully built a 'Teleportation Array', and the address is located at the location of the Ten Fierce Station Mayor Qin Feng to receive 200 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Yueling clone successfully built 'Lingquan Well', the address is located in the ten villains' residence, Mayor Qin Feng will receive 1000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', and the address is located at the location of the ten villains, and the mayor Qin Feng will receive a reward of 500 attribute points]

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone will upgrade the guardian altar from the low-grade to the middle-grade, and the address is located at the location of the ten villains, and the mayor Qin Feng will receive a reward of 2000 attribute points]

Boom!

With this tip!

The residence of the Ten Fierce Clan is completely included in the sphere of influence of Longyuan.

Qin Feng got 3700 attributes.

He couldn't help but light up his eyes, and there was a look of joy in his eyes.

Although Longyuan Town has captured a lot of territory, Qin Feng is too busy and has not had time to integrate land deeds.

As soon as he left the Holy Land, he rushed to Lingtian Temple in a hurry...

Without the integration of the land deed card, those laid down sites cannot be regarded as the real sites of Longyuan Town.

Qin Feng is naturally clear about this detail.

It's a pity he's too busy to deal with it.

Now, the three avatars have obtained the title of title, and they have some management rights over Longyuan Town, and they also have the right to integrate land deed cards and establish teleportation arrays.

In this way, it is a great help for Qin Feng!

What's even better is that, after all the work done by the avatar, the final benefit is still Qin Feng's.

good! good!

Conferring a knighthood has such benefits, but it greatly reduces my workload!

By the way, Longyuan has risen to level 8, and he can create a top-grade guardian altar!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and checked the new functions of Longyuan Town again.

[Guardian altar (top grade): The protection ability is twice as strong as that of the middle grade guard altar. Invincible state can be used to resist four consecutive attacks from powerful enemies. 】

This is not bad!

Qin Feng was surprised again.

The top grade guards the altar and can use the invincible state to resist the enemy's four consecutive attacks.

This is of great help to the protection of Longyuan's major stations!

With such great protection, if a strong enemy strikes, he will have time to rush over to help.

In fact, the guardian altar is also the most practical announcement building among the challenging forces, and naturally it needs to be strengthened as soon as possible!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the creation page and checked the creation conditions

[Conditions for the creation of the guardian altar (top grade)]

[One Guardian Altar (Middle Grade)]

【100 units of stone】

[100 units of fine iron]

[1 unit of supreme wood]

[1 unit of supreme-level vicious beast bones]

After reading it, Qin Feng smiled again.

To upgrade to a high-grade altar, the most critical materials are the bones and wood of the supreme-grade beasts.

These two rare materials are readily available in his hands.

The wood comes from the Jumang Demon Tree of the Haoyang Clan!

The demon tree is hundreds of millions of feet high, and its entire body is made of supreme-grade wood, and at least it can be decomposed into 500 units.

The bones come from the Chaos Demon sealed by the Feng Clan, and the black dragon pet of the Dragon Taming Patriarch.

The two skeletons decomposed and cracked, at least there were more than 200 units.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the trading platform and traded the two materials to the three avatarsNe/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

After a while, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone will upgrade the guardian altar from the middle grade to the top grade, and the address is located in the ten evil resident mayor Qin Feng to get 5000 attribute points reward]

I got another 5000 attribute rewards for nothing!

Qin Feng smiled again

Just at this moment, Tiandao continued to send reminders.

[Longyuan Announcement: The Wood Spirit clone will upgrade the guardian altar from middle-grade to high-grade, and the address is located in Longyuan Headquarters Mayor Qin Feng to receive 5000 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Ice Spirit clones are merging with the land deed card (Dragon Trainer resident)]

,

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone is merging with the land deed card (the residence of the Wanling tribe)]

In this way, Qin Feng's three avatars are full of firepower!

The wooden spirit clones upgrade the guardian altars of the original station one by one!

The moon spirit clone and the ice spirit clone began to integrate the major resident deed cards, and they were completely included in the sphere of influence of Longyuan Town...

Their repeated operations allowed Qin Feng to continuously obtain attribute rewards...

Suddenly, Qin Feng's attribute points are constantly increasing...

At the same time, while harvesting the turf, his points are also increasing.

Every time he gets a site, his points will increase by 2,000 to 10,000 points...

That feeling is very comfortable!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half an hour has passed!

The Moon Spirit clone and the Bing Spirit clone finally brought all the land they had laid down into Longyuan Town.

The wood spirit clone has also completed the upgrade of all guardian altars!

At this point, Longyuan's influence has doubled, and there is a teleportation array connected, and a top-grade altar guarding it, just like an iron plate.

As long as any force invades any station, the Long Yuan army can rush to that station in a very short time.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such a result!

At this moment, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.

"Phew! It's finally done!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

He sensed that the three avatars had already dealt with everything, and it was time to see how many attribute points were harvested.

With this in mind, he opened the panel

[Free attribute]: 332,200 points.

what!

There are 332,200 attributes!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

In this way, if you combine the site and upgrade the altar, you can get 254,200 attributes.

This is much more rewarding than Long Yuan's two levels up in a row!

In short, after this, he got 332,200 attribute points, a huge harvest!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Afterwards, he happily added

At the same moment, Long Yuan had finished adding points up and down.

The power of the crowd has increased greatly!

The strength of the entire Longyuan Town has made tremendous progress.

Chapter 509 The second title! City in the sky!

In just a moment, Qin Feng finished adding points, and the basic combat power increased to 1.412 million stars in one fell swoop.

He is very satisfied!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: The number of your sites has reached 39. When the number reaches 40, you can unlock the 5000-star combat power feedback. 】

"Just one last site, you can unlock 5,000 stars!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Breaking 5000 star combat power can feed back 1000 attributes.

According to the feedback of 2,000 people, that is 2 million attribute rewards!

This is not a small amount!

Having said that, Longyuan Town has been upgraded to 2 levels in a row, and the strength of all the children has made an earth-shaking improvement.

The weakest has also reached a 4000-star combat power, which is above the third level of heaven.

The combat power exceeded 5,000 stars, reaching more than 7,000 people in one fell swoop!

There are also hundreds of people with a combat power of 10,000 stars.

Grandma Fengqi, Elder Qishan, and Liu Xuan all reached the ninth level of heaven.

Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, Liu Yuan and others also reached the peak of the eighth level of heaven.

As long as Qin Feng obtains another site, he will immediately be rewarded with 2 million attribute points!

2 million attributes!

Very tempting!

It is a pity that Longyuan Town no longer knows the location of other forces, and it takes some exploration to get other sites.