Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng felt a little regretful in his heart, but he was also full of expectations.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Longyuan Announcement: It is detected that Longyuan Town is still two hard conditions away from the standard of level 9 town. 】

[Hard condition 1: The number of sites reaches more than 40. 】

[Hard condition 2: The number of lords must reach 7 or more. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan made a sensation again!

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up with joy in his eyes.

Unexpectedly, Longyuan Town has the potential to be upgraded to level 9 so quickly!

It is true that Longyuan Town has accumulated too much, and it is excellent in all aspects.

At present, there are only two hard conditions left!

The first hard condition overlaps with Qin Feng's requirement to unlock combat power feedback.

This is a great thing!

Completing one is equivalent to killing two birds with one stone.

Besides, this hard condition is not difficult to complete, and it only takes some time.

The second hard condition is a bit more difficult.

Seven Lords!

Currently, there are only 5 in Longyuan Town!

Qin Feng still needs two 'Noble Cards' to award two other titles.

The title card can only be purchased in Lingyun Pavilion, which requires the purchase permission.

And Qin Feng's permissions have been used up!

However, he has just added 100 reputation points, and if he gains 100 more reputation points, he will be able to increase his purchase rights again.

"By the way, when I purchased it before. The hall spirit reminded that if you have the title of 'Novice Supreme', you can increase the purchase permission once, and if you have the title of 'God-Defying', you can increase the permission twice."

"I'm a godslayer now, will I have another purchase permission?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and the more he thought about it, the more he thought it was possible.

In the next second, he will disappear out of thin air as a white light.

About ten minutes later, a white light flashed in the secret room, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air again.

At this moment, his face was full of joy, and he was holding a 'Noble God Card' in his hand.

It turned out that he went to Lingyun Pavilion!

Sure enough, everything was as he expected!

After he became a godslayer, he added another purchase permission!

He naturally bought a title card.

This time in the secret room, Qin Feng hurriedly broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it to the **** card.

Soon, an announcement sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Long Yuan Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human' title on Xiao Luan'er]

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Xiao Luan'er for winning the title of 'President' and having some management rights over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

good! good!

Got another title!

That Longyuan Town is only one site away from the 9th-level town.

Even better, he just got another 20 reputation.

In other words, as long as he gets 80 more reputation, he can buy another title card.

"Phew! It's getting closer and closer to the target!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, and a satisfied smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Then, he took out another splendid divine card!

[Super God Luck Card: Demigod Rank]

[Reminder: After using this card, the luck will be permanently increased tenfold. 】

Improve your luck forever!

This card is an absolute wonder!

Although Qin Feng used the 'Qi Luck God Card' to increase his luck by a hundred times, the effect was only for one minute.

This super divine luck card is a permanent boost to luck!

Although it can only increase the luck by ten times, Qin Feng's own luck is extremely prosperous.

His luck has increased tenfold, and I'm afraid it is a hundred times that of others.

In short, luck is invisible, and the road has no body.

If you only comprehend the laws of the Great Dao, but have no qi fortune to protect your body, you will be unable to move an inch.

If you have luck with you, you will often get twice the result with half the effort!

As the saying goes: when the sky is not in season, the sun and moon are without light; when the ground is not in time, the vegetation will not grow; when the water is not in time, the wind and waves will not be smooth;

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it to the **** card

hum!

Another roar of heaven and earth!

God card trembles!

Then it turned into a ball of golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body

Boom!

Suddenly, a roar sounded in his body!

The breath of the whole person also began to change.

He closed his eyes involuntarily

【You are merging the Super God Luck Card (Demigod Rank)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations on your tenfold increase in luck! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your comprehension has increased tenfold! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your chances of getting a chance are increased tenfold! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your success rate of breaking through the bottleneck is increased tenfold! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! You have won the second title "Little Luck Master"! 】

hum!

Another quake!

Then, a milky white beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's body

In the next second, his momentum began to soar...

[Obtained the title of 'Little Luck Master' successfully! You get a 50,000-star combat power blessing! 】

[Obtained the title of 'Little Luck Master' successfully! You got +50 reputation bonus! 】

[Reminder: By increasing the strength of luck, you can upgrade the title of "Little Master of Luck", and you can get more unexpected opportunities. 】

For a long time, all visions dissipated!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of ecstasy.

He didn't expect that after using the 'Super God Luck Card', he actually won the second title!

And the title of 'Little Luck Master' is extremely powerful, and it has directly blessed 50,000-star combat power!

In this way, his basic combat power has reached 1.462 million stars.

What's even better is that the title of this Luck Master can be upgraded.

It is different from the upgrade method of the first title 'Godslayer'.

The title upgrade of the Godkiller class requires combat power standards and prestige standards.

The upgrade of the luck title requires an increase in the strength of the luck!

In short, Qin Feng will improve his strength in the future, and there is another channel!

This made him feel great!

Having said that, this time I got the title of 'Little Luck Master', and I also got 50 reputation points.

In this way, as long as he gets another 30 reputation points, he can buy another title card.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was in a good mood, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Your luck is always good!

Better luck in the future!

Next, he has to continue to digest this harvest.

With this in mind, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and turned into a very yin body and a very yang body.

The cooldown time of the body of the two instruments has expired, and it can be used again.

The next second, the extreme yin body took out a divine pill.

[Nine-turn Void Soul Pill: Demigod Rank]

[Reminder: Refining this pill can make the soul body of the ultimate demigod level reach the virtual **** level in one fell swoop. 】

The very yin body looked at the divine pill for a while with joy, then opened his mouth to inhale and swallowed the divine pill.

The next second, he sat cross-legged and began refining

At the same time, Jiyang body took out a ball of divine blood, and it exuded a sky-high red light.

[Zhu Yanshen Blood (Lower Grade): Demigod Rank]

[Reminder: Only when the bloodline talent reaches SS level or above, and if you master the laws of wood, and the strength of your soul body reaches the level of the semi-god world, you can refine this divine blood. 】

As soon as Ji Yang's mind moved, it released infinite Yuan force, pouring into the ball of divine blood.

In the next second, under the action of external force, the group of divine blood was divided into 128 parts, each of which was only the size of a grain of rice.

Subsequently, the anode body fissioned 128 anode fission variants.

Immediately afterwards, each polar yang fission body swallowed a grain of rice-sized divine blood and began to refine it cross-legged.

In this way, Qin Feng's two main bodies all began to retreat.

At the same moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel.

Everyone was chatting excitedly.

"Everyone, the boss is so powerful! Just now, he awarded Xiao Luan'er the title of honor."

"Yeah! I saw it too!"

"Haha! This is really great! In this way, our Longyuan is only one site away from a level 9 town!"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Yeah! We're almost there!"

"I hope we will be promoted to a level 9 town soon! In that case, everyone's strength will be greatly increased!"

"Haha! After rising to level 9, it will be level 10! Level 5 will become a town, and level 10 will become a city! When our Longyuan Town becomes Longyuan City, there will be huge changes!"

"Of course! When Longyuan City is upgraded to level 10, there will definitely be reborn changes! There will be many more special functions! Just thinking about it makes me excited!"