Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Upstairs, when you say that, I can't wait to upgrade to level 10 Longyuan City."

At this moment, the Moon Spirit clone appeared.

Moon Spirit clone: ​​"Even if we upgrade to a level 9 town, it is not so easy for us to upgrade to a level 10 Longyuan City. After upgrading to a level 9 town, the townspeople have the right to upgrade to a level 10 wooden house."

Yueling clone: ​​"You can upgrade to level 10 wooden house, you need seventh-level wind crystal. We haven't found the 'wind crystal' mine in our town. Many people can't upgrade to level 10 wooden house, it is estimated that they will be stuck here, and it will be difficult to upgrade. We have arrived at Longyuan City."

As soon as this came out, the channel suddenly became a sensation.

"Hey! The boss's clone came out!"

"It turns out that after the avatar of the boss is awarded the title, he can also use the chat function freely."

"Haha! This is really good!"

Everyone was excited to learn that Qin Feng's avatar could also use the chat channel freely from now on!

In this way, it will be much more convenient for them to communicate with Qin Feng in the future.

If there is anything in the future, you can ask the four avatars for instructions in the chat channel at any time.

At this moment, Granny Feng Qi's head jumped.

Granny Feng Qi: "Master, there is a rumor in my ancestors that there are a lot of Fengkong crystals in the Dunkong clan!"

Yueling's clone was pleasantly surprised: "This is good news! Our S-level mission is to destroy the top ten mysterious forces. Now, only Liudao, Daluo, and Dunkong are left."

"Unfortunately! We don't know the location of these three clans, and it has made it difficult for us to prevent and eliminate them!"

Granny Feng Qi: "Yes! Among the three clans, the Dunkong clan is the weakest, but their whereabouts are also the most bizarre. Basically, no one knows where their station is. If they can find out their station, That's good!"

0

At this time, the head of the elder Qishan also jumped.

Elder Qishan: "Hey! If we can destroy the Dunkong clan and Daluo before the Six Dao ancestors attack, the situation will be even more favorable!"

Yueling clone: ​​"It is almost impossible to destroy those two clans ahead of time. After Daokong and Luo Tian return, the two clans must be united! The remaining Dunkong clan should also respond to their call. ."

Granny Feng Qi: "Master, if that's the case, the situation is still quite critical!"

Yueling clone: ​​"I don't want to do so much! It will be dawn in an hour. The second round of points competition is about to start, so hurry up and prepare!"

"When the second round of competition starts, the major guardian forces will definitely be actively dispatched, that will be a good time for us to acquire new territory!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's eyes lit up, and they thought it made sense.

At the moment, everyone agreed, one by one, withdrew from the chat channel, and began to prepare for the battle after dawn.

At the same moment, the ancient Xing clan was stationed in the sky.

Yueling clone exited the chat channel and closed the panel.

"It's just the last site, and the body can unlock the 5,000-star combat power back!"

Yueling muttered in her mind and body, and looked into the distance.

At this moment, the sky is gray, and it is not far from the dawn!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

His divine consciousness swept across 96,000 miles in an instant!

Qin Feng's consciousness range is 120,000 miles!

The clone is only 80% of the body!

Therefore, the range of Divine Consciousness of the Moon Spirit clone is 96,000 miles.

This is very close to the standard of the early stage of False God!

"Hey! It's there"

Suddenly, Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up, and she looked in a certain direction with a look of surprise.

In that direction, his divine sense scanned that, 90,000 miles away, there was a huge land floating in the air, flying rapidly in a certain direction.

He scanned it carefully with his divine sense, and a picture appeared in his mind.

I saw that the land was flat on the bottom, like an upside-down mountain, floating in the air.

On that land, there are rows of palaces and attics, as well as many human beings.

That is a city in the sky!

The moon spirit clone became more and more pleasantly surprised, and the consciousness continued to cover those humans and eavesdropped on their conversations.

After a while, he withdrew his gaze, and his face showed ecstasy!

It turns out that the city in the sky is the home of the Escape Clan!

At this moment, the Dun Kong clan is migrating to their old nest and meeting with the Six Dao clan.

At this moment, Yueling's avatar finally figured out why everyone said that the Dragon of the Escape Clan sees the beginning but not the end.

It turned out that their old lair was a city in the sky, with no fixed location at all, they could always fly in the air and wander around.

Ha ha!

Get it all without wasting effort!

I was worrying about how to find the old nest of the Escape Clan, but I didn't expect them to come to the door on their own initiative!

It's so lucky!

I don't know if it is due to the increase in luck!

At this moment, Yueling clone was ecstatic!

After that, he flashed his figure and rushed towards the old nest of the Dunkong clan.

Chapter 510 Floating City! Wings of Escape!

At the same time, 90,000 miles away.

A huge city in the sky is flying in the sky!

That giant city is more than 500 miles in diameter, and its imposing manner is extremely magnificent!

Wherever he passed, the heavens and the earth shook, his vitality rolled, like a giant aircraft carrier going out to sea, with extraordinary momentum!

In the center of the city in the sky, there is a huge altar.

Above the altar, there is a pillar of optimism, which is engraved with divine patterns, emitting this dazzling aura.

In addition, there are twelve small altars around the edge of the city in the sky.

On each altar, there is a pillar of divine pattern!

Just these thirteen Divine Rune pillars, the momentum is connected together, building a huge protective light shield, covering the entire city in the sky.

At this moment, next to the central altar, an old man with gray hair and a heavy face was stroking his beard and staring at the altar.

He is the patriarch of the escaping Kong clan-Yi Zhang!

A demigod threshold powerhouse!

However, his strength in the old nest is not only the threshold of demigods.

This city in the sky has a great blessing on his strength.

And behind Yi Zhang, a group of people stood.

The leader is a peak powerhouse of the heaven level, and the rest are from the ninth to eighth level of the heaven level.

These are the high-levels of the Escape Clan!

The leader of the Heaven-level peak powerhouse is an old man in gray robe named Yi Shan, who is the chief Taishang of the Dunkong Clan.

"Patriarch, how long will it take to replenish the energy of this altar?"

At this moment, Yi Shan asked in a low voice.

Yixie stroked his beard and said, "It's half an hour if it's fast, or an hour if it's slow!"

Hearing this, Yi Shan nodded slightly: "That's good! As long as the energy of the altar is replenished, our floating city can perform 'space jump', and in one step, we can cross to the station of the Six Dao clan."

It turns out that this city in the sky, called the floating city, has the ability to 'space jump'!

Space jump is similar to space teleportation, but it is farther than teleportation, and can span tens of billions of miles in one step.

It can be seen that this floating city is not simple!

Of course, it takes a lot of energy to perform 'space jump'!

The thirteen altars in the city have the effect of automatically absorbing the vitality of heaven and earth and self-replenishing energy.

Not long ago, the Escape Clan had already performed a space jump.

At this time, if they want to perform again, they need to replenish the altar with energy.

At this time, Yi Shan said again: "Patriarch, this time the Daluo Clan summoned so urgently, let us hurry to the Six Dao Clan to meet. Listening to their tone, the situation is very critical!"

Hearing this, the patriarch Yixing smiled coldly.

"The situation may be a little critical, but the people of the Daluo clan are definitely exaggerating. They actually said that Qin Feng has the fighting power of the peak of the demigod, and they say that Qin Feng is at the prefecture level. Don't you think this is contradictory?"

Hearing this, Yi Shan nodded slightly: "Yes! My subordinates heard this and felt that something was wrong!"

"How can someone at the Earth-level realm have the strength of the peak of a demigod? Not to mention the peak of a demigod, even if there is a peak of the sky, the subordinates think it is too exaggerated!"

Speaking of which, Yi Shan's tone was sour.

Thinking of him for a lot of age, as the chief grandfather of the Dun Kong clan, he is only at the peak of the heaven-level strength.

Qin Feng, a challenger who just came to this world, He De He Neng, can match his strength.

What's even more irritating is that the people of the Daluo clan actually said that Qin Feng had the strength of a demigod!

He didn't believe it at all!

Don't say that he doesn't believe it, the patriarch Yixuan also doesn't believe it.

Yixing and Yishan are similar ideas!

They couldn't believe that a challenger at the prefecture-level realm could possess the strength of a peak demigod.

At the moment, the patriarch Yiheng sneered: "I want to see this old man, most of the people from the Daluo clan are exaggerating! That Qin Feng may be very strong, but it is not bad to have the power of the peak of the sky, at most it is only the threshold of a demigod. ."

Having said that, Yixing felt a little uncomfortable in his heart.

His strength is the threshold of a demigod.

If Qin Feng also has the strength of the demigod threshold, it will make him extremely unbalanced.

At this time, Yi Shan nodded again and again: "Patriarch, you are right! That Qin Feng is so powerful that he is only a demigod!"

"To be honest, my family doesn't know the location of Longyuan Town. If they knew, the power of my family would be enough to destroy Longyuan Town!"

Hearing this, Yixie smiled and said nothing.

The high-level people around also smiled slightly.

Obviously, they all agreed with what Yi Shan said!

They thought that the strength of their Escape Clan would be enough to destroy the entire Longyuan Town.

After all, their patriarch has the combat power of the threshold of a demigod.

If the patriarch controls the 'floating city' and directly kills Longyuan Town, the situation will be very different.

With the help of Floating Void City, the comprehensive strength of the patriarch can reach the mid-stage demigod threshold.

With the strength of the patriarch, it is not easy to kill that Qin Feng.

What's more, there are more than 50 people who are at or above the eighth-level Guangtian level of the Dunkong clan.

In addition, there were more than 50,000 disciples of the Dun Kong clan, all of whom had strength above the pinnacle of the prefecture level.

There are more than 50%, and the combat power has reached the first level of heaven!

This is their foundation!

Yixing and the others thought proudly.

They didn't know that such strength was simply not enough in front of Longyuan Town.

In today's Longyuan Town, the weakest have the combat power of the third level of heaven.