Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The disciples of the Dun Kong clan are simply incomparable!

As for Qin Feng's strength, it is far beyond the imagination of these people.

Today's Qin Feng, even without the sacrificial power of Feng Xi's three daughters, his comprehensive strength has reached the early stage of False God.

The funny thing is that Yi Xun and others thought that Qin Feng was at most the threshold of a demigod.

In fact, let alone Qin Feng, even Qin Feng's four avatars have surpassed the pinnacle of demigods, how could they be comparable to demigods!

At this time, Yiheng said again: "Although the people of the Daluo clan exaggerated, I can't help but wait for their emergency call! Besides, this time it was jointly summoned by the Liudao clan and the Daluo clan."

Yi Shan sighed with emotion: "Yeah! These two clans are powerful! My clan can't afford it! However, the two clans jointly launched a summon, so something must have happened. I just don't know, what is it? It's because of that Qin Feng. , the subordinates are a little unbelievable!"

Yi Zhang nodded slightly: "That's right! Just one Qin Feng, the Six Dao Clan and the Daluo Clan will not make such a big fanfare! I'm afraid that in the name of Qin Feng, he will call me and the other ten clans to discuss other important matters!"

Up to now, the two still don't take Qin Feng seriously.

They didn't realize the seriousness of the problem at all.

I don't even know that Dao Kong is waking up the ancestors of the Six Dao in order to deal with Qin Feng.

At this time, Yi Zhang said again: "No matter what, waiting for the altar to be fully charged, the deity will activate the 'space jump' and rush to the station of the Six Dao Clan. At that time, you will know what they are doing?"

Yi Shan nodded: "That's the only way!"

Boom!

The words just fell, and there was a rapid sound of breaking the air in the distance!

Yi Zhang and the others were startled, they followed the sound and saw a figure in the distance, rapidly flying towards the floating city.

"Hey! Patriarch, someone is here!"

"So fast!"

The crowd exclaimed in surprise!

The person here is the Moon Spirit clone!

Yixing was also slightly surprised, the speed of the approach was not slow, and he should be a master.

call out!

But before he could think about it, the Moon Spirit clone turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he appeared above the floating city out of thin air!

"It's teleportation!"

Yi Zhang and others recognized it at a glance, but they didn't care.

The biggest feature of the Escape Clan is that most of the children have mastered the wind element talent, and very few people have mastered the space talent.

Most of the top executives, such as Yixing and Yishan, have mastered spatial talent, so they are no strangers to teleportation.

However, it was said that the moon spirit clone came over and reached the top of the floating city, but was blocked by the protective mask.

However, the distance between him and Yi Xun and others has also narrowed!

The two sides are only a few thousand feet apart!

As for the details of Yi Zhang and others, Yueling's clone was tens of thousands of miles away, so he could use his divine sense to spy on it.

But Yi Zhang and the others didn't know the details of Yueling's clone!

They looked up and peeped away

"This young man! He is a challenger!"

Soon, there was an exclamation from below!

It is very rare for a challenger to appear so boldly!

You must know that they are a mysterious force, and those guardian forces will be afraid to avoid them when they see them.

What's more, it was less than an hour before the second round of hegemony.

The challenger's protection period is coming to an end!

This kid is here at this time!

Is it to die?

"Hey! It's just a prefecture-level realm!"

"Haha! He must be a reckless challenger. He should have never opened his eyes. The first time he saw the floating city, he came to open his eyes!"

Soon, everyone saw clearly the realm of the Moon Spirit clone.

They couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief, and there was disdain in their eyes.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Only the prefecture-level realm, they did not pay attention to it at all!

"Patriarch, this old man will meet this ignorant boy for a while!"

Yi Shan took the initiative to ask for his life!

Yi Zhang nodded slightly: "Go! Mrs. Yi Shan, remember! Catch this kid alive! Don't remember to kill first! There are forty or fifty minutes before the second round of hegemony begins!"

Yi Shan said with a smile: "The patriarch reminded me! It's still a rest period now. If you kill this kid, you will be deducted a thousand points. This old man knows what he is, and will only capture him alive. When the time is up, he will be killed!"

Yixie stroked his beard and smiled: "That's how it should be! Before this second round of hegemony has begun, some challengers took the initiative to send points to the door. It seems that the second round of our clan will have a good start!"

"Haha! Patriarch, when the old man captures this kid alive, I will leave it to you to behead! The points for this good start will naturally be taken by you first!"

Yi Shan laughed!

The two were chatting and laughing, and they didn't pay any attention to Yueling's clone.

The surrounding high-level executives are also smiling, and they all look like they are watching a play.

In their opinion, the Moon Spirit clone could not escape the fate of being captured alive.

call out!

The next second, Yi Shan teleported and disappeared in place.

At the same time, above the sky.

The Moon Spirit clone looked at the protective mask below, and was preparing to explode in one fell swoop!

call out!

But at this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and Yi Shan appeared out of thin air.

"Little thief! You dare to break into the territory of my escaping clan, you are really courting death! If you are acquainted, do it now"

boom!

"what!"

Terrible scream! Echoing in the void!

The blood fog is flying in the sky!

Before Yi Shan's words were finished, Yueling's clone blasted him with a punch!

This amazing scene made everyone below look dumbfounded!

That shrill scream also instantly alarmed the entire floating city!

call out!

At this moment, a white light flew from the blood mist and disappeared into the void.

That was fed back to Qin Feng.

Seeing this scene, the high-level officials below woke up!

"Damn!"

The Winged Beast roared in anger!

The chief Taishang of their escaping clan was killed by someone just right under his nose!

The rest of the elders were even more dumbfounded!

Then, the crowd exclaimed!

"Patriarch! Strong enemy! The person here is a strong enemy!"

"This person definitely has the combat power of the demigod threshold!"

"Could he be Qin Feng!"

"Oh my god! That Qin Feng really has the strength of a demigod!"

The elders panicked!

boom!

At this moment, Yueling's clone bombarded the protective mask with one punch!

click! chap!

A shocking sound!

The huge protective mask shattered with a bang!

The entire floating city shook for a while, and then stopped abruptly, no longer moving at high speed!

"Little thief! You are courting death!" 2.0

The Winged Badger was completely furious!

boom!

In the next second, he soared into the sky and levitated in the air.

Boom!

Immediately afterwards, his momentum erupted, overwhelming the sky, and his combat power suddenly reached 200,000 stars.

It's not over yet!

Swish!

He waved again, and a pair of fiery red wings spread out on his back. The wingspan was five meters long, exuding an earth-shattering aura.

Surprisingly, the pair of wings exudes a metallic sheen, not real wings, but a kind of equipment.

Yueling's clone was curious and couldn't help but look away.

[The Wings of Escape: The ninth-order low-grade, which is transformed from the divine object. 】

[Incidental skills: Wanyu Arrow Formation, group attack skills! 】

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level escape law before you can control and refine this wing. 】

[Reminder: The S-level Escape Law is a fusion of A-level space manipulation, A-level wind law, and A-level speed law]

Seeing this, Yueling's avatar was surprised!

The eighth heaven-suppressing fetish has appeared!

In addition, the main body can obtain a new S-level law, that is, the S-level escape law.

This S-level escape law is actually a fusion of three A-level laws, and its power ranks among the top three among the S-pole laws.

Qin Feng has long mastered the A-level law of wind and the A-level speed law, and his space talent has reached the S-level space law.

If he kills this guy and extracts it endlessly, he can easily obtain the S-rank escape law

Thinking of this, Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up, and her heart was hot!

Chapter Five Hundred and Eleven Low Grade God Rank! Floating order!

Having said that, the ninth-order equipment is not available to anyone.

If you want to use a ninth-level equipment, you must first master the corresponding S-level laws.

If you don't master the corresponding laws, even a demigod can't use that kind of ninth-order equipment.

It can be seen that the threshold for the use of ninth-order equipment is very high, but the benefits are also great!

hum!