Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Just hear the sound of the earth shaking!

The dazzling aura lit up on the wings of the sky!

In the next second, the integration of human and machine is completed!

The fighting power of the winged lion has been raised to 210,000 stars again!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

It was at this moment that the sound of breaking air continued in the field!

Thousands of disciples of the Escape Clan came from all corners and gathered on the square one after another.

They saw the winged boar in the air at a glance!

"Look! The patriarch has summoned the wings of the sky!"

"There must be a strong enemy!"

"Where is the strong enemy?"

"Just up there! It's that young man!"

Everyone raised their heads one after another, and soon saw the Moon Spirit clone!

But in the next second, there was another exclamation from the crowd!

"No way? That person seems to be at the Earth level!"

"Yeah! The old man sees that he is also at the prefecture level, and he is also a challenger!"

"How can someone in the prefecture-level realm be a strong enemy?"

"Wait, don't talk nonsense! Just now, Tai Shang Yi Shan was killed by that little thief with one punch!"

"Oh my God!"

"How is this possible?!"

The crowd exclaimed!

The eyes that look at Yueling's clone are different.

At this very moment, there were more than 10,000 escaped disciples gathered in the square, and the number was still increasing, gathering more and more

At the same time, above the sky.

After Yixing completed the integration of human and machine, he pinched another seal with his hand!

Boom!

The entire floating city immediately lit up with a dazzling white light and trembled violently.

That majestic and gigantic appearance stretched across the sky above ten thousand feet, and the whole body lit up with white light, illuminating the sky for ten thousand miles, as if a fairy city had descended!

In the next second, a thick white light flew out from the ground of the floating city and poured into the body of the winged deer.

Boom 23 Rumble!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Suddenly, the aura of Yixing soared wildly, and in a blink of an eye it reached 410,000 stars, just reaching the threshold of the mid-stage demigod!

"Hey! This is"

The Moon Spirit clone was stunned!

At this moment, he could feel that the breath of the floating city and the breath of the winged scorpion merged into one.

It's akin to the oneness of man and machine!

Yueling clone guessed right!

The state of the winged scorpion and the floating city is a kind of unity of human and machine!

It was only by borrowing the power of Floating Void City that Yi Zhang made his combat power and momentum reach 410,000 stars in one fell swoop.

This effect is equivalent to a low-grade artifact!

However, compared with low-grade artifacts, the integration of human and city in Floating Void City has a big flaw.

That is, Yixie can't leave the floating city for a hundred miles.

If it exceeds a hundred miles, the unity of man and city will fail!

But this kind of effect has made the wing barn incomparably powerful!

With the completion of the "unity of man and city", Yixing's confidence has greatly increased!

He slowly raised his head and looked at Yueling's avatar with a ferocious face!

"Little thief! You dare to kill the deity! The deity wants you to die!"

As soon as the voice fell, the winged scorpion rose into the sky and slaughtered towards the Yueling clone.

He is going to blast this **** challenger fiercely!

He wants to avenge Yi Shan!

The people below also watched with enthusiasm!

The patriarch finally displayed the unity of human and city!

This time, Taishang Yishan's great revenge has to be avenged!

The high-level members of the escaping clan showed their expectations one by one.

They felt that the patriarch would definitely be able to defeat the Moon Spirit clone, and even kill the Moon Spirit clone.

Before they knew it, they had already determined that Yueling's clone was Qin Feng!

The strength should be the threshold of the initial stage of the demigod!

And the battle strength of the patriarch in the old nest has already reached the threshold of the middle stage of the demigod, and defeating the threshold of the initial stage of the demigod is not an easy task!

Boom!

In just a moment, Yi Zhang came to the front, only a few dozen meters away from Yueling's clone!

At the same moment, he had another eighth-order long knife in his hand!

"Little thief! Die!"

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Thousands of zhang swords soared into the sky, slashing directly at Yueling's clone!

The Yueling clone sneered, and the aura of the whole body suddenly exploded, suddenly reaching about 1.13 million stars.

The next second, a white light flashed in his hand, and the low-grade divine weapon Jue Xing Sword appeared out of thin air!

hum!

Man and sword unite!

The momentum is soaring!

In the blink of an eye, the momentum of the Moon Spirit clone has skyrocketed to 1.33 million stars, which is very close to the threshold of the False God realm!

Swish!

Another sword light lit up!

Like the first light of dawn, it illuminates the whole world!

Yueling clone slashed away with a sword!

In the blink of an eye, swords meet!

Click!

Only a crisp sound!

Yueling's clone cut off the long sword with a single sword!

The sword light continued to fall!

Click!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Yi Zhang was split into two halves by the Yu Wei of that sword!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

Bang!

But in the next second, the corpse of the winged scorpion exploded into a blood fog.

hum!

At the same moment, the wings of the sky lit up with golden light, covering all the blood fog.

The Resurrection Skill of the Suppressing God is activated!

The blood mist rolled over immediately, and the winged lion was about to be resurrected again!

Yueling clone sneered, her eyes lit up with a strange silver light!

Soul Extinguishing Eye instantly activated!

call out!

On the next side, an invisible soul thorn shot out and slammed into the Wings of Evasion!

puff!

A light to!

It's like a candle is blown out!

There was an incomparably mournful howl from within the Wings of Evasion!

With just one blow, the soul body of the winged scorpion hidden in the wings of the sky was blasted by the soul thorn!

Terrible roar!

Reverberates in the air!

The next second, the blood mist dissipated, revealing some broken limbs, and several treasures appeared in succession

They are a land deed card, a storage ring, a black token, and the wings of the sky.

In this way, the winged scorpion was completely killed!

Below, more than 30,000 disciples of the escape clan have gathered!

When they saw this scene, they were completely dumbfounded!

In their eyes, the patriarch, who has always been invincible in his old nest, was killed by the Moon Spirit clone when they met face to face!

For a while, they couldn't believe the fact that their eyes were open, their mouths wide open!

At the same moment, Yueling's clone looked at the treasure in front of her, her eyes shining.

The first is the title deed card!

As long as he integrates the land deed card, there are 40 sites in Longyuan Town, and the main body can unlock the 5000-star feedback.

Secondly, not to mention the storage ring and the Wings of Escape, they are all treasures!

In particular, the Wings of Evasion, the eighth divine artifact, was exactly what the body needed.

Finally, his eyes fell on the black token

[Floating Order: A low-grade **** rank, the token that controls the floating city. 】

[Reminder: By refining this order, you can control the floating city and obtain the ability of 'the unity of man and city'. 】

what!

This is actually the token to control the floating city!

It is still a treasure of the low-grade gods!

Ha ha!