Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Big money this time!

Yueling clone is overjoyed!

The next second, he waved his hand and put away all the treasures.

Below, everyone saw this scene and suddenly woke up.

Then, the crowd exclaimed!

"Oh my god! The patriarch has fallen!"

"Escape! Escape! The enemy is too strong!"

boom!

Immediately, the children of the escape clan fled in all directions, flying away in all directions.

Now that they don't even want their old nest, they just want to escape as soon as possible and survive!

Seeing this, the Yueling clone sneered and waved it!

call out! call out! call out!

I saw that in the field, the white light flashed continuously, forming one piece!

In the next second, the Ice Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan, and thousands of children of the Feng and Qi clans were all summoned by him.

As long as it is Qin Feng's avatar and servant, it can be summoned by the space.

As soon as the Bing Ling clone and others appeared, they covered up to kill the disciples of the escape clan, and there was a continuous scream of screams in the field!

How could the strength of the disciples of the escape clan be compared to the disciples of Long Yuan!

What's more, they are also led by Ice Spirit clones and Wood Spirit clones.

A massacre begins

The Moon Spirit clone no longer pays attention to this!

He picked up the remains of a winged rooster and started endless extraction.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

The extremely yin body is sitting cross-legged, still refining the nine-turn virtual soul pill

On the other side, the 128 polar yang fission variants opened their eyes at this moment, and their faces were full of joy.

Pills are inseparable!

Divine blood can be separated!

The 128 polar yang fission bodies jointly refine a mass of 'Zhu Yanshen blood', which is much faster.

At this moment, they have finished refining the divine blood!

call out! call out! call out!

At this time, white light flashed in the field!

128 polar anode fission bodies fused into one!

The polar sun itself manifests itself!

When he appeared, he smiled.

Zhu Yanshen Blood (Lower Grade) has finished refining!

Although Zhu Yan's blood was not as good as Kunpeng's blood, it was very effective and provided him with a lot of combat power.

Now, his basic combat power has reached 1.506 million in one fell swoop, just reaching the threshold of the False God Realm!

That is to say, Qin Feng now does not rely on the sacrifice of Feng Xi's three daughters, nor does it rely on the assistance of any artifact, and his combat power has steadily entered the threshold of the False God Realm!

This is a huge improvement!

"Not bad! Not bad! If I continue to develop at this speed, after I pass the Tianwu assessment, I will have the strength to fight against the Sixth Dao Ancestor, and I will be able to alleviate the current biggest crisis!"

Ji Yang's body muttered in his heart, and the smile on the corner of his mouth deepened.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

call out! call out!

Two consecutive white lights came from the sky and poured into his body.

The next second, Tiandao sent a prompt

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak), you have gained +80,000 attributes, +420 million energy points, and +12,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (early demigod), you have gained +190,000 attributes, +1.9 billion energy points, and +98,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (the initial stage of the demigod), and the land deed card (the residence of the Escape Clan) was released]

[Your clone succeeded in killing the Hidden One (early demigod), and the Floating Order (Lower God Rank) was released]

Ji Yang's body's eyes lit up, and there was a look of joy in his eyes.

Not long after, thousands of white lights came out of nowhere and poured into his body frantically.

It was the Bing Ling avatar and the Wood Spirit avatar who led the army of Long Yuan and slaughtered the descendants of the Eunzu clan.

After a while, the attribute points, energy value, and integration points of Jiyang's body have skyrocketed all the way.

He is so happy!

Happy to enjoy the pleasure of harvesting!

It didn't take long for Tiandao to send another reminder.

【Your avatar is endlessly extracted successfully! You have acquired the S-rank talent - The Law of Escape. 】

[Law of Escape: It is a fusion of A-level space manipulation, A-level speed law, and A-level wind law. 】

【Your avatar is endlessly extracted successfully! You have acquired 1000 Dexterity Attributes]

The anode body shows joy again!

Got another S-rank talent!

His overall strength has improved a lot!

However, the harvest is not over!

The white light that feeds back one after another keeps pouring into the body of the polar body.

His attribute points, points, and energy values ​​have been soaring like crazy!

It lasted for a full quarter of an hour, and those feedbacks were all over!

At this moment, the body of the polar yang and the body of the polar yin lit up an upgraded white light at the same time.

【Your level has been promoted to level 52043! 】

【Your strength index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 500 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 500 points! 】

【You get 200 free attributes! 】

Finally got another level up!

Very satisfied with the anode body!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again

[The Moon Spirit clone is merging with the land deed card (the residence of the Eunuch tribe)]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the master of the Escape Clan, who has absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations, you have obtained a new site (special grade) and get 10,000 points. 】

【Congratulations on increasing the number of sites to 40】

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone successfully built the 'Teleportation Array', and the address is located at the resident of the Dunkong tribe... Qin Feng, the mayor, will receive 200 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone successfully built the 'Lingquan Well', and the address is located at the residence of the Dunkong tribe.... Qin Feng, the mayor of the city, will receive 1000 attribute points as a reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone successfully built the 'Guardian Altar (Lower Grade)', the address is located in the resident Mayor Qin Feng of the Dunkong Clan to get 500 attribute points reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone will upgrade the guardian altar from the low-grade to the middle-grade, and the address is at the mayor Qin Feng, the resident of the Dunkong tribe, and will receive a reward of 2000 attribute points]

[Longyuan Announcement: The Moon Spirit clone will upgrade the guardian altar from middle-grade to high-grade, and the address is at the mayor Qin Feng, the resident of the Dunkong tribe, and will receive 5,000 attribute points as a reward]

A series of operations of Yueling's clone allowed Qin Feng to get 8700 attribute rewards, which is a good gain

At the same moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[The number of sites you own has reached 40, breaking the 5000-star combat power back, and unlocking it successfully! 】

Boom!

In the next second, the void oscillated, and white light burst into the sky, frantically pouring into the body of Ji Yang...

[Reminder: Your servant, Granny Fengqi, has a combat power of 5,000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 1,000 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan Elder has a combat power of 5000 stars, and you have received 1000 attribute points as a reward. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Liu Xuan's combat power has exceeded 5,000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 1,000 attribute points. 】

At this moment, the attribute points of Jiyang Ontology have soared wildly again.

After a while, the backfeeding is over!

Longyuan Town once again accumulated a lot of money, and all of a sudden, the 5,000-star back-feeding reached the upper limit of back-feeding.

At this time, Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of satisfaction.

"Everything is over! I don't know what my harvest will be this time?"

Thinking of this, the anode body opened the panel and looked at it.

[Free attribute]: 2.726 million points.

After reading this, he was overjoyed!

Chapter Five Hundred and Twelfth All Return to Heart! Soul contract!

2.726 million attribute points!

This is not a small sum!

At the moment, Jiyang Ontology started adding points without hesitation!

After a while, add points and finish!

His basic combat power has skyrocketed to 1.563 million stars in one fell swoop, and his strength has skyrocketed by a lot!

Such an improvement is really cool!

Jiyang body is in a good mood!

At this time, he sensed something again, and quickly opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the trading channel.

After a while, white light flashed in front of him, and the wings of the sky and the floating order appeared out of thin air.

Seeing these two treasures, he once again showed joy.

In the next second, he underwent a fission, split into two, and became two.

Then, the fission body on the left picked up the 'floating order' and looked at it carefully

[Floating Order: A low-grade **** rank, the token that controls the floating city. 】

[Reminder: By refining this order, you can control the floating city and obtain the ability of 'the unity of man and city'. 】

This is really good stuff!Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

As long as this floating order is refined, he can completely control the floating city, which is equivalent to an extra low-quality artifact!

In the future, he can use the floating city as the old nest of Chenglongyuan Town, and can inspect the major stations at any time.

Even better, the floating city also has the 'space jump' skill, which can span hundreds of millions of miles in one step.