Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

You can reach any station in Longyuan within a second!

Therefore, mastering the floating city is of great help to Long Yuan!

It can also make Qin Feng stronger in the old nest!

Thinking of this, the fission body broke the blood and blood, and couldn't wait to refine it.

On the other side, the second fission body picked up the 'Wings of Escape'. ’

Afterwards, he waved his hand again and summoned the 'Anti-God Battle Armor'.

[The Wings of Escape: The ninth-order low-grade, which is transformed from the divine object. 】

[Incidental skills: Wanyu Arrow Formation, group attack skills! 】

[Anti-God Battle Armor: A low-grade god-level weapon, made from the fusion of seven heaven-suppressing artifacts. 】

[Reminder: There are seven changing forms! 】

Got another piece of heavenly fetish!

If you combine these two treasures, you will definitely get a stronger God-defying thing.

That will definitely be of great help to Qin Feng's strength improvement!

With this in mind, the fission variant also sat cross-legged and began refining.

In this way, Qin Feng's two main bodies entered the retreat again

At the same moment, an announcement sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Longyuan Announcement: The number of sites in Longyuan Town has been detected to have reached 40. At present, it is still one hard condition to upgrade to the level 9 town standard. 】

[Hard condition: The number of lords has reached more than 7 people, and there are currently 6 people. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan rejoiced again!

In the chat channel, everyone chatted excitedly.

"Everyone, that's great! We are only one person away from a level 9 town!"

"Yeah! Next, it's up to the boss. As long as he gets another person title, we in Longyuan Town will be promoted to level 9 immediately!"

"Haha! Up to level 9, our strength will be greatly increased! It is estimated that if the combat strength exceeds 10,000, there will be more than 1,000 people!"

"Haha! That must be there! Our Longyuan Town is very strong now!"

"Wow! You said so! Little sister is looking forward to Long Yuan's next level!"

"I'm looking forward to it too! By the way, the boss's 5,000-star level has been unlocked, and the next step is to unlock the 10,000-star combat power back. If you break 10,000 stars, you can give the boss 2,000 attributes back. !"

"Yeah! This feedback is even more powerful!"

"I hope the boss can unlock the 10,000-star feedback soon!"

"Everyone, who knows what conditions are needed to unlock the 10,000-star feedback?!"

As soon as these words fell, Yueling's clone appeared.

Yueling clone: ​​"Breaking the 10,000-star feedback requires 60 sites. This matter is not urgent, take your time!"

As soon as Yueling's clone appeared, the audience immediately cheered!

"Wow! The boss is here!"

"Great! Seeing the boss again!"

"Woooo! I'm so happy to see the boss!"

"Boss, in half an hour, the second round of hegemony will begin. At that time, the guardian forces of all parties will be dispatched, and we find it easier for them. I believe that 60 sites will be gathered soon."

Yueling clone: ​​"Occupying 60 sites is not the most urgent matter. On the contrary, the attack of the six ancestors will be imminent. Calculate the time, he will arrive in 18 hours!"

When it comes to the ancestors of the Six Paths, everyone is a little uneasy.

The strength of the six ancestors is close to the threshold of the mid-stage False God!

It's terrifying to think about!

That is equivalent to a sharp blade hanging on Long Yuan's head, and it may fall off at any time, destroying Long Yuan!

At this thought, everyone was naturally a little uneasy.

Yueling's clone comforted: "The soldiers will come to block, the water will cover the soil! You don't have to be too nervous. Before the Six Dao Patriarchs arrive, you should make yourselves stronger!"

All the way, everyone agreed!

"The boss is right! We must continue to become stronger and find a way to break the 10,000-star combat power to more than 2,000 people. In this way, once the boss is successfully unlocked, we can reach the upper limit of feedback!"

"Yeah! We can't hold back the boss because of our lack of combat power!"

At this moment, Liu Xuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Xuan: "Boss, why didn't you bring me with you in the previous battle to eliminate the Dunkong Clan? The children of the Phoenix Clan and Qi Clan participated in that battle. We didn't participate, and we missed a good opportunity to improve our strength in vain!"

Lei Jue: "Yeah! I really envy the children of those two clans! After that battle, their strength increased greatly. Grandma Feng Qi is in the late stage of the ninth stage, and Elder Qishan is also in the middle stage of the ninth stage. Even Fengying has reached the early stage of the ninth stage. ."

Longshan: "They have improved so much! It's so enviable!"

Wu Yong: "Yeah! It's so enviable! Before, Fengying, like us, was the top of the eighth level, and now she has surpassed us!"

Liu Xuan also smiled bitterly: "I used to be on the same level as Elder Qishan, and now I am surpassed by Elder Qishan. Boss, bring me with you next time you go to war, and give me a chance to improve!"

Yueling's clone smiled: "The situation was urgent before, and there was no time to mobilize the army, so I could only arrange the children of the Phoenix and Qi tribes. I only need to activate the space summon to mobilize them!"

At this time, Granny Feng Qi's head also jumped.

Granny Fengqi: "Everyone, we Feng and Qi clan have a servant contract with the master. The master calls us and mobilizes the army. It's easy. You haven't signed a contract with the master, and the master has no way to summon you."

Granny Feng Qi: "If the master insists on leading you there, it will take a lot of time. In that case, the master will miss the opportunity!"

Liu Xuan: "Mother Feng Qi is right! Boss, I have wanted to sign a master-slave contract with you for a long time. Otherwise, you can sign me now!"

Lei Jue: "That's right! We should have signed a contract with the boss. That way, it will be more convenient for the boss to lead us to march and fight in the future!"

Longshan: "Yes! Besides, if we want to be promoted to the title in the future, only those who have signed a servant contract can be awarded. Boss, sign me! I kneel down to you!"

Wu Yong: "Boss, I want to sign too!"

Liu Yuan: "And me! I want to sign too!"

"Boss, I want too!"

"Me! Me! Me! I want to sign too!"

At this moment, the chat channel is hot.

Everyone in Long Yuan scrambled to sign a master-slave contract with Qin Feng, and the atmosphere was very lively.

The scene of this accident made Yueling's avatar's eyes light up, and her heart was very happy.

If these Dragon Country compatriots can sign a master-slave contract with the main body, then the loyalty will be even higher.

Even better, it will be easier for them to mobilize the army when they go to war everywhere in the future.

Wherever manpower is needed, the four avatars can summon thousands of Longyuan disciples with just one thought.

Moon Spirit clone: ​​"Everyone, after signing a master-slave contract with my main body, you will become servants of my main body in the future, and you cannot betray you for life. Are you willing?"

Liu Xuan: "Boss! We are 200% willing! We never thought we would betray!"

Lei Jue: "That's right! Boss, sign us now!"

Longshan: "Yes! Boss, you can sign a contract!"

Everyone urged, everyone can't wait to become Qin Feng's servants immediately.

Yueling clone: ​​"It's not as simple as you think! The contract is very sacred and requires the approval of heaven, and it is not something we can sign if we want."

Moon Spirit clone: ​​"If you want to sign a contract, you must first have a contract scroll. But I don't have any contract scrolls in my hand, so I can't sign a contract with you!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was suddenly worried!

Liu Xuan sighed: "I didn't expect that it would be so difficult to become a servant of the boss!"

Lei Jue: "Boss, are there any contract scrolls for sale in Lingyun Pavilion?"

Longshan: "Yes! Go see if there is any for sale? Brothers all over the town want to be your servants, and can't wait."

Yueling's clone smiled bitterly: "The Lingyun Pavilion doesn't seem to have such scrolls. Besides, even if there are, I can't afford them. Ten thousand people in the town need to sign contracts. That would require ten thousand contract scrolls, it is estimated that The cost is huge!"

At this moment, Granny Feng Qi's head jumped.

Granny Feng Qi: "Master, as far as I know, those who master the S-level soul law can learn some soul contract skills. Would you like to go to Lingyun Pavilion to see if there are any skill cards for sale."

Yueling clone's eyes lit up: "This is good news! I'll let the phantom clone take a look! If you really have that kind of skill, it will be done once and for all, and everyone can sign a contract!"

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan and others became excited and urged Yueling clone to check it out.

At this moment, Qishan's head jumped.

Qishan: "Master, the battlefield of the Dun Kong clan has been cleaned up. There are two pieces of good news for my subordinates, and I want to report to you!"

Yueling clone: ​​"Speak!"

Qishan: "We found a seventh-order 'Fengkongjing' mine in the Dunkong Clan's residence, and there are hundreds of thousands of pieces in stock."

Moon Spirit clone: ​​"Very good! With those wind crystals, our problem of upgrading to level 10 is solved!"

Qishan: "In addition, we found the location information of the Daluo Clan and the Liudao Clan, as well as the location information of more than a dozen guardian forces, from the storage ring of the high-level Dunkong Clan."

Yueling clone was overjoyed: "It's really good news!"

Everyone in Long Yuan is also very happy!

Knowing those locations will be of great help to Longyuan Town's next actions!

At the moment, everyone began to discuss the next action

At the same time, Lingtian Temple, the main hall.

In a remote corner, the Mirage clone has been meditating with its eyes closed.

Just then, he opened his eyes.

He and the Moon Spirit clone are of the same mind!

The information in Long Yuan's chat channel, as long as Yueling's clone knows, he will know.

"It turns out that if you have mastered the S-level soul path talent, you can learn contract skills! This is a good thing!"

The Mirage clone muttered, then got up and walked towards Lingyun Pavilion.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

He had already mastered the Soul Dao talent.

If he can learn contract skills and sign the master-slave contract with everyone in Long Yuan, it will be beneficial to him without any disadvantages!

Of course he is going to learn!

Today, Qin Feng's two main bodies are in retreat.

Trivial things like this are done by the Mirage clone.

Soon, the Mirage clone entered Lingyun Pavilion.

But it didn't take long for him to return to the main hall with a helpless expression on his face.

It turned out that only the main body can enter the mall of Lingyun Pavilion, and the clone does not have that permission.

At this moment, in the main hall.

The Mirage clone looked at the crowd of people passing by, and couldn't help but mutter in his heart.

Since he has nothing to do, he might as well go to Lingxiao Pavilion first to see what's going on!

The High Heaven Pavilion is the place to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone walked towards a door of light on the right side of the hall.

In just a moment, the Mirage clone came to the door of light and stepped in.

After a while, his feet were firm, and he found that he had entered a huge hall.

Looking up, he was immediately shocked by the sight in front of him.

I saw the front, densely packed, with tens of thousands of people gathered, the scene was very noisy!