Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Ninety percent of these people are prefecture-level players, and they all came to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

Another 10% are heaven-level powerhouses, and they all set up stalls around the hall to sell various treasures.

Even, there are more than a dozen demigod powerhouses, and there are stalls there!

All in all, the scene was very lively!

"There are so many people!"

Phantom Mirage sighed inwardly.

Then, his eyes turned to Yi Xian again.

There was a white jade tablet engraved with golden inscriptions on it, and many new players came up to watch.

It turned out that what was announced on the monument was the rules of the Tianwu assessment!

Mirage clone hurriedly walked over

It's time for him to understand the assessment rules.

Chapter 513 Four tests! Qualification assessment!

Soon, the phantom avatar walked to the monument and watched it carefully.

There were constant discussions all around.

"Hey! The conditions for the Tianwu assessment are too harsh!"

"Yeah! It's much more demanding than the Shengwu assessment!"

"Hey! You can still bring pets in the holy martial arts assessment, but you can't use the pets in the Tianwu assessment! The deity's pets are no longer useful this time."

"The old man is too! Hey! Without the help of the pet, the old man is probably not able to pass the low-grade integration test."

"Brother, there is no way to do this. Not all the prefecture-level peaks can be promoted to the heaven-level realm. It is very good that 10% of people can be promoted successfully!"

"Yeah! 90% of the 10% of those who have been promoted are inferior! Breaking through this realm is really too difficult!"

"This is so good! This old man is more than 270 years old this year, and he is not far from the limit. If he can't break through the realm, in a few decades, he will turn into a handful of loess."

Many people lamented!

After watching the Mirage clone silently,

The rules of the Tianwu assessment and the Shengwu assessment have changed a lot.

For example, methods such as pets of war and sacrifice of faith cannot be used by Qin Feng.

However, equipment, artifacts, and clones can all be used.

In short, this assessment pays more attention to the individual's own ability.

In addition, there are also assessment requirements for age, level, talent, and foundation building rank before the assessment.

If the total score of these four assessments does not meet the standard, then you will not even be eligible to participate in the Combined Dao assessment.

Even if you are at the prefecture level, your combat power has reached the heaven level.

In fact, a considerable number of people have already been eliminated in this testing session.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone turned to look at the side of the hall.

I saw that there were hundreds of test monuments in that direction!

Next to each **** monument, there is a long test team.

There are many people watching around.

The crowd erupted from time to time with regretful voices, and occasionally there would be one or two exclamations.

Those are the four test monuments!

Phantom Mirage became curious, and wanted to go over and watch

Now that the main body is in retreat, he first understands the assessment process, which can also save the main body some trouble.

Thinking of this, the phantom clone will go over and take a look

But at this moment, he seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up.

The next second, he waved his hand, white light flashed in front of him, and three pretty figures appeared out of thin air, it was Feng Xi's three daughters.

It turned out that the three girls of Feng Xi had already finished refining their blood, and the Mirage clone summoned them.

This kind of change shocked everyone around!

However, no one dared to ask more.

The people who can come here are all the powerhouses above 290 in the prefecture-level peak, and it is not surprising that they have some special means.

It is taboo to inquire about other people's affairs rashly!

"Owner!"

"dad!"

As soon as the three girls showed up, they happily walked to the Mirage clone!

The intimacy is beyond words.

Having said that, the temperament of the three girls has changed again after leaving the customs this time!

Feng Xi and Qi Yue became even more beautiful and moving.

Xiao Luan'er is also more and more cute, a proper peerless beauty embryo!

The Mirage clone looked at the three girls with a smile on her face.

After a while, there was joy in his eyes.

I saw that Qiyue's bloodline talent had broken through to S rank, and his combat power had reached 210,000 stars, just over the threshold of a demigod.

Looking at Xiao Luan'er, the bloodline talent has also broken through to the S rank, and the combat power has reached 230,000 stars, which is a proper demigod early stage.

Feng Xi's bloodline talent has even broken through to the mid-S rank, and her combat power has reached 270,000 stars.

The breakthrough in the strength of the three girls was somewhat beyond the estimates of the Mirage clone, which made him very happy!

"Master, Feng Xi has finished refining the divine blood. This time the process went very smoothly, and the strength improvement exceeded my expectations. I wonder if I can win the first-class divine grade assessment?"

"Dad, my combat power has reached 230,000 stars, and I don't know if I can win the first-class gods?"

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan said excitedly.

Qi Yue on the side was also excited.

The strength of the three women has increased greatly, and their confidence has greatly increased!

The phantom avatar smiled slightly: "Go and see the rules on the monument! If you are ready, go to participate in the assessment. I have to wait for the main body to retreat before I can participate."Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The three girls smiled and nodded.

They couldn't wait.

Afterwards, the three girls of Feng Xi went to check the stele.

The Mirage clone turned to look at the hall.

In the end, he chose the test monument at the fifth place on the left and walked up to it.

It didn't take long for him to arrive at the monument, and hundreds of people were already onlookers around him, and many of them were also onlookers.

Looking directly in front of the monument, there is a row of test teams.

At this moment, an old man, looking at the results on the monument, shook his head and smiled bitterly, and walked down with a decadent look.

The phantom avatar looked curiously, and saw a line of golden characters on the white jade stele—[Judgment result: insufficient qualifications! 】

"Hey! Another lack of qualifications!"

"Yeah! It's been three in a row! I didn't expect that it would be so difficult to even obtain a Tianwu assessment qualification!"

The crowd groaned!

If the qualifications are insufficient, they don't even have the qualifications for the assessment, let alone passing the assessment.

At that moment, the white-haired old man walked down with a look of decadence.

Immediately afterwards, the middle-aged man at the front of the line hurried forward.

Finally it's his turn!

The man muttered in his heart!

Everyone's eyes also fell on the man.

The phantom clone also watched curiously.

Soon, the man walked to the **** monument.

He took a deep breath, looking a little nervous.

In the next second, he broke the blood clot and bounced towards the monument

pat!

With a soft sound, blood beads fell on the monument.

hum!

In the next second, the stele vibrated, burst into light, and began to analyze the man's aptitude.

Everyone looked at the monument with curiosity!

The man even held his breath, too nervous to breathe.

After a while, the stele flashed with golden light, and lines of test information appeared.

【The test starts】

[The first test: age]

【Age score: 0 points】

[Under the age of 30, 3 points]

[31 to 60 years old, 2 points]

[61 to 90 years old, 1 point]

[91 to 120 years old, 0 points]

[121 to 150 years old, 1 point]

[By analogy, for every 30 years old, 1 point will be deducted]

Seeing this, Phantom Mirage was stunned.

Then, he was a little surprised.

This middle-aged man looked young, but he was 91 to 120 years old, so he only got 0 points.

It is also true that the people who can come here are all the powerhouses at the peak of the prefecture level, and all of them have a life span of 300 years, which is no longer comparable to ordinary people.

Having said that, Qin Feng is only 22 years old this year, and in terms of age, he should be able to get the highest score.

Thinking of this, a smile appeared on the corner of the Mirage clone's mouth.

hum!

At this time, the stele vibrated again, and some information appeared again.

【Second test: level】

[Level score: 1 point]

[Level 40 to 45, 3 points]

[Level 46 to Level 50, 2 points]

[Level 51 to 55, 1 point]

[Age 56 to 60, 0 points]

[Age 61 to 65, get 1 point]