Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[By analogy, for every 5 levels, 1 point will be deducted]

The man was a little nervous when he saw that the second test was a 1.

It turned out that he was already level 64.

The higher the level, the lower the score given by Tiandao.

This is not good for testing!

But men can't do it either!

Before his level 60, his strength had not reached the pinnacle of the prefecture level, and he could not even get the pass of Lingtian Temple.

It was not until he reached level 64 that he had the strength to kill Xing Kun by himself and obtained a pass.

Only in this way, he scored 1 point in the level column.

This is extremely disadvantageous!

Everyone around is not surprised!

Almost half of the people got a negative score in the level one.

Few people can be like Qin Feng, who has the strength to kill Xing Kun before reaching level 40.

If they couldn't kill Xing Kun, and couldn't get the token, they would naturally be unable to enter the Lingtian Temple.

And many people lack methods to improve their strength, and many people rely on rank promotion to improve some strengths.

This caused many people to get a negative score in the level test.

hum!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again, and golden light appeared once

[Third test: talent]

[Talent score: 0 points]

[Having one kind of S-level talent is counted as 1 point; two kinds of talent are counted as 2 points, and so on]

[Have one SS-level talent, 3 points; two types, 6 points, and so on]

[Having one kind of SSS-level talent counts as 10 points; two kinds count as 20 points, and so on]

[Talents below S rank are counted as 0 points! 】

Seeing this scene, the eyes of the Mirage clone lit up, and the eyes were full of surprises.

This test is simply tailor-made for the ontology!

What his body lacks the most are S-level, SS-level, and SSS-level talents.

Among them, there are two kinds of SSS-level talents, namely endless extraction and bloodline talents.

It seems that in this test, his body is going to make a profit!

With this thought, Mirage's avatar's heart is hot!

The people around are calm!

This third test, for them, is just a passing game.

Basically, 99.9999% of people have 0 points on the talent test.

People with S-rank talent are extremely rare!

Not everyone can have an S-class sky.

hum!

Soon, the stele vibrated again, and the last test result came out.

[Fourth Test: Foundation Building Rank]

[Base building score: 0 points]

[Low-level foundation building, 0 points]

[Medium-grade foundation building, 2 points]

[Top-grade foundation building, 4 points]

[Exquisite foundation building, score 8 points]

[Low-level gods, 16 points]

[Every time the foundation building is higher by one rank, the points double, and so on]

This test is to see if the foundation is solid.

The higher the foundation building rank, the stronger the foundation, and the more points you will get.

Obviously, this man is a low-grade foundation building!

Seeing this, the Mirage clone smiled again.

His body is a god-level foundation building!

In this way, the score of the ontology item will also be extremely scary!

hum!

The monument was shocked, and the information emerged!

【End of this round of testing】

[Four cumulative points: 1 point]

[Judgment result: insufficient qualifications! 】

boom!

The man was struck by five thunders!

Trembling all over!

The next second, he sighed, as if sentenced to death, and walked down with a look of decadence.

Being judged by Heavenly Dao as 'insufficient', it means that he has no hope of advancing to the Heavenly Realm in this life.

I'll be stuck in the prefecture-level realm all my life!

Unless a miracle happens!

For example, he suddenly realized that a certain talent was promoted to S rank.

Or, he got some kind of opportunity to raise the foundation-building rank from the lower rank to the middle rank.

But such a situation is almost impossible to happen!

It turned out that if the total points were lower than 0 points, they were all judged to be insufficiently qualified, and they were not qualified to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

"Hey! The fourth one!"

"Yeah! Four consecutive ineligibles!"

The crowd groaned again!

When the man came down, one person walked out of the front of the test team.

It was an arrogant young man.

With a confident face, he walked to the test monument, directly broke the blood of his fingers, and bounced towards the monument.

Snapped!

Drops of blood drop in, and the monument absorbs it!

hum!

In the next second, the divine monument lit up!

After a while, lines of test information appear

【The test starts】

[The first test: age]

【Age score: 1 point】

【Second test: level】

[Level score: 0 points]

[Third test: talent]

[Talent score: 0 points]

[Fourth Test: Foundation Building Rank]

【Base building score: 2 points】

【End of this round of testing】

[Four cumulative points: 3 points]

[Judgment result: low-quality qualifications! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants for obtaining the assessment pass (low-grade combined road)]

boom!

As soon as this information came out, there was a commotion all around!

"Passed! Passed! Finally someone passed!"

"Yeah! It's really enviable!"

At this moment, everyone cast an envious look at the young man.

The corner of the young man's mouth was slightly upturned, and there was a hint of pride in his eyes.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Not everyone can get a pass.

Even if it is a low-quality assessment, many people can't even get the qualifications.

And he was lucky enough to pass the qualification test and get the pass!

This thought made the young man even more proud.

After all, he is also a mid-level foundation building, not comparable to ordinary prefectures.

hum!

At this moment, the sky shook and a beam of light fell!

Then, a golden pass, along the beam of light, slowly fell to the young man

The people around were very envious!

The Mirage clone wanted to laugh when he saw the young man's smug look.

With a mere low-grade pass, this guy is so proud of himself.

If his body is shot, he must not shock the audience!

Having said that, qualification assessment is very particular.

The total score of the four items is less than 0 points, which means that the qualifications are insufficient, and there is no qualification for assessment.

0 points to 5 points, low-grade qualifications, can participate in the low-grade integration assessment.

6 points to 10 points, middle-grade qualifications, can participate in the middle-grade joint assessment.

10 to 15 points, top-grade qualifications, can participate in the top-grade combined path assessment.

and so on

Of course, this is just a qualification test.

Before entering the examination room, there is also a combat qualification test.

Both are qualified to enter the real examination room.

There is also a hidden detail here, that is, the four qualification tests are in the front, and the combat qualification test is at the back.

If the four qualifications only reach the low-grade level, even if the combat power meets the god-grade assessment, they can only participate in the low-grade combined path assessment.