Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It's not that Qin Feng doesn't want to split the heads of all the giant ants and kill them with one blow, but he really can't do it.

At this moment, he is already in a hurry!

In the early days, he responded to the enemy on three sides, each time he faced five or six giant ants, he could still kill with a knife.

But I don't want to, these giant ants are not afraid of death, and when one is dead, they will rush up to the other, and they will follow each other, endlessly.

This one died, and the other one stepped on its body and rushed up.

In this way, they pushed forward desperately one by one, expanding the battle situation.

Let Qin Feng face five or six from one person to seven or eight.

As a result, he was a little bit in a hurry.

With his current strength, he can deal with the attacks of five or six giant ants at the same time, and he can kill with a knife.

When facing seven or eight, you can't kill them in seconds.

Every time one or two were split into two pieces, they were dead but not stiff, and they still had residual combat power, causing him trouble.

As a result, he could only barely resist the current ant colony attack.

If the ant colony's combat power increases again, his sword screen defense will be broken!

Fortunately, he chose the boulder as his support very early, so that the ant colony could not besiege from all sides, but could only besiege from three sides, so that he had no worries.

In this way, Qin Feng's long sword dances wildly!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Knife light flashes in the field!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

One giant ant perished!

[Successfully killed level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, obtained 483+8 points, and gained +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

 …

[Reminder: Your personal points have reached 300 points. According to the competition rules, if your team wins, you can get additional rewards. 】

[Reminder: The additional reward of 300 points is: 20 points of attribute reward, one silver treasure chest! 】

Fuck it~!

Additional rewards for personal points!

It was actually a 20-point attribute and a silver treasure chest.

This is cool!

So cool!

Ha ha! !

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

By the way, he still remembered Tiandao's reminder.

When your personal points reach more than 500 points, the extra rewards will be doubled!

Fuck it~!

integral!

integral!

He wants points!

He must rush his personal points to more than 500 points!

Of course, he must lead the red team to win this bet.

Because only the victorious side will have additional points reward.

Losers are not entitled to it.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

Sand~! Sand~! Sand~!

At this moment, the strange cry of General Ant Eater and the sound of ants crawling came from the valley.

Obviously, the battle outside Taniguchi completely alarmed General Ant Eater.

At this moment, it orders all worker ants to stop working.

Then, it led an army of ant colonies to come to support.

In this way, the situation is not good!

Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

It was at this moment that a mutation arose.

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

Several wind noises suddenly sounded from above.

Qin Feng suddenly felt that the world was dark and couldn't help but look up.

I saw a few giant ants, and I didn't know when, they had already climbed onto the boulder behind him.

At this moment, those giant ants jumped down from above and bit down directly from the air.

Fuck it~!

Qin Feng felt bad!

This time, he not only had to guard against the siege of the giant ants on three sides, but also had to guard against the sneak attack of the giant ants behind his head.

This siege from all sides, he will be unable to defend

Chapter 66 Title! Newbie King!

Whoo~! Whoo~! Whoo~!

The wind is approaching!

Three giant ants fell from the sky and approached in an instant. They opened their ant claws and bit Qin Feng.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Qin Feng's figure flashed repeatedly, avoiding the bite of the giant ant that fell from the sky.

But the giant ants besieged from three sides took the opportunity to bite.

He hurriedly danced his long sword and went to meet him.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

The sword light flashed, Qin Feng killed three in a blink of an eye, but the remaining few could no longer resist.

I saw a flash of light and shadow, and the three giant ants instantly broke through the defense of the sword screen and rushed towards Qin Feng.

A giant ant bit Qin Feng's left leg fiercely, one bit his right leg, and the other bit his left arm.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Damn!"

Qin Feng was anxious.

But at this moment, it was too late for him to dodge.

At this critical moment, his heart moved.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, his entire body condensed a set of crystal armor at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Suddenly, his whole person is like a mecha **** of war, and his momentum is extraordinary.

That is the skill - Profound Crystal Armoring!

squeak~! squeak~! squeak~!

Then, three muffled sounds!

The three giant ants gnawed on the crystal armor at the same time, but none of them could only bite through the crystal armor.

Fuck it~!

It's all right!

Great!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

It was only at this moment that he discovered that he had multiple protections such as Xuanjing Armor, Dragon Elephant King Armor, Dragon Elephant Battle Helmet, etc., which could completely resist the bite of giant ants.

If so, what is he afraid of? !

Thinking of this, he immediately gave up all defenses and started killing.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Suddenly, the sword light flashed in the field!

The heads of the giant ants were split in half and died on the spot!

At the same time, there are also many giant ants, who pounced on Qin Feng and gnawed hard.

Qin Feng did not dodge or evade, let it bite, only attacking but not defending.

He didn't want to waste any time on defense.

He wants the time saved to kill the giant ants with all his strength.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Suddenly, one giant ant was killed in seconds, and the energy in the field flashed with white light!

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's energy value is soaring wildly!

His points are also skyrocketing!

After changing his strategy, the speed at which he slaughtered giant ants doubled!

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone exclaimed.

"Look! Look at the standings! Boss Qin Feng's points are blowing out!"

"Wow! It increased seven or eight points in one second before, but now it is fifteen or sixteen points in one second! This has doubled the growth rate!"

"Fuck~! Awesome! Qin Feng is so awesome!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed.

In just three minutes, Qin Feng's points rose from 300 points to more than 430 points.

The speed is terrifying!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

At this moment, ants gather under the mountain.

Qin Feng gets more and more energetic the more he kills.

Seeing the points and energy values ​​soaring, he felt extremely happy.