Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking about this, the Mirage clone felt relieved.

With his aptitude and combat power, he should be able to pass easily.

In this way, the Mirage clone silently watched the crowd's test.

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

In that testing office, hundreds of people were tested before and after, but only about 20 people were qualified.

Among them, the best talent is in the middle grade!

Seeing this, the Mirage clone felt a little bored and was about to leave

But at this moment, three eyes in the test team looked at him.

The phantom avatar couldn't help but look, and saw that Qiyue, Xiaoluan'er, and Fengxi's three daughters were already in the testing team, looking at him with a beaming smile.

Looking at the progress of the test, it will be Qiyue's turn soon

He couldn't help but smiled and stopped, wanting to see the test results of the three girls

Chapter 514: Divine Qualification! Anti-God Wings!

Just like that, the Mirage clone continued to watch the test

Before long, it was Qiyue's turn.

As soon as the little girl came out, there was a lot of discussion around.

"This girl looks seventeen or eighteen, very young!"

"Yeah! Did you reach the pinnacle of the prefecture level at such a young age?"

"Should have reached it! Without the strength of the pinnacle of the prefecture level, she cannot kill Xing Kun!"

"So, this girl has a high probability of passing the qualification test!"

"Yeah! She's so young, she's taking advantage of the age test!"

As soon as these words fell, someone in the crowd became sour.

"That's not necessarily true! Some people look young, but they are actually very old. At the prefecture level, it is difficult to see their true age."

"It makes sense! Maybe, this woman is over a hundred years old!"

"Even if she is of the right age, she is not good at other aspects! How easy is it to pass the qualification test!"

In the crowd, there are also a lot of sour words, all of which are older players.

Because they suffer from age, they cannot see others taking advantage of age.

Always assume others will be as old as they are.

That way, it won't make them mediocre

The Mirage clone listened to his ears and wanted to laugh in his heart.

These old things really underestimate Qiyue!

Is his servant weak?

At this moment, Qiyue had walked to the stele of God, and directly broke the blood of her fingers, and bounced towards the stele.

hum!

After a while, the divine monument lit up!

people look at

Especially the older players, the corners of their mouths were slightly raised, and their eyes showed the look of watching a good show.

They don't seem to be optimistic about Qiyue!

It was at this moment that golden light appeared on the monument, and lines of information appeared.

【The test starts】

[The first test: age]

【Age score: 3 points】

3 points!

Get the highest score for your age!

That's under 30 years old!

This woman is really young!

The eyes of everyone looking at Qiyue changed slightly.

In the crowd, the old men swallowed their saliva and looked a little ugly.

Whenever they see such a young player appearing, they feel inexplicably uncomfortable.

However, young people have advantages, but also disadvantages.

If you are so young, I am afraid that the foundation may not be solid

hum!

At this time, the monument trembled, and new information emerged.

【Second test: level】

[Level score: 3 points]

3 points again!

It's a perfect grade!

Everyone is envious!

Those old men were speechless.

Being so young and having such a low level, he is qualified to enter Lingtian Temple, which is enough to show that Qiyue's aptitude is excellent.

The crowd couldn't help but mutter...

"This woman got 6 points in the first two tests! There are no negative points in the next two tests. It means that she can get a minimum of 6 points. This is a mid-level qualification standard!"

"Yeah! It's really enviable!"

"You said, is it possible for her to break 10 points and get a top-grade qualification?"

"Haha! How can top-grade qualifications be so easy to obtain?!"

hum!

As soon as these words fell, the stele vibrated again, and new information emerged.

[Third test: talent]

[Talent score: 2 points]

boom!

When the news came out, the audience was shocked!

2 minutes? !

They were right!

It's so hard to get points on a test of talent!

You must have an S-rank talent to get 1 point!

Being able to score 2 points shows that this woman has two S-level talents!

Oh my God!

Ordinary people have an S-rank talent, which is extremely remarkable.

If you have two, it will be very scary!

Having said that, among these four tests, the third and fourth items have the highest gold content.

At the moment, the eyes of everyone looking at Qiyue are different!

Even the jealous old men's expressions changed, and the eyes that looked at Qi Yue were a little more awe-inspiring.

In this world where the strong are respected, as long as you are strong enough, even a young child will be respected and respected by others.

hum!

Soon, the stele vibrated again

[Fourth Test: Foundation Building Rank]

[Foundation score: 16 points]

boom!

The audience was shocked!

16 points!

That is a low-level god-grade foundation building!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

This woman is actually a low-level god-level foundation building!

Everyone was stunned!

It is much rarer to build a foundation with a low-level divine grade than to master two S-rank talents!

hum!

The monument shook!

【End of this round of testing】

[Four cumulative points: 24 points]

[Judgment result: divine quality! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants for obtaining the assessment pass order (Shenpin Harmony)]

boom!

The news is out!

Surrounded by amazement!

"My God! Divine Qualification! This is the first time this old man has seen him in his life!"

"Yeah! I've been watching here for many days, and the highest aptitude is only top grade! Unexpectedly, I saw divine grade aptitude today!"

"Unbelievable! Incredible!"

"Yeah! Awesome! This woman is amazing!"

Everyone sighed, looking at Qiyue, they became extremely awe-inspiring!

Qiyue is also very happy!

In the crowd, the Mirage clone also breathed a sigh of relief, showing a gratified smile.

Qiyue finally got the assessment threshold of the divine grade.

If you want to obtain the qualification of the gods, the points must reach 21 points or more.

Next, whether Qiyue is a high-level god-quality qualification, a medium-level god-level qualification, or a low-level god-level qualification, he must go to the god-level assessment area to participate in the combat qualification test.

If the combat power qualification reaches the minimum standard, that is the inferior divine quality qualification.

Reaching the upper limit standard, that is the superior quality qualification.

If you can't even reach the minimum standard of combat qualifications, you will be automatically lowered to the top-grade combined path assessment area.

hum!

Suddenly, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed in front of Qiyue.

A piece of golden light passed down slowly along the beam of light.

The crowd looked very envious!