Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Mirage clone is also smiling

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, he seemed to sense something, and slowly retreated from the crowd...

At the same moment, in the zero-degree space, something is happening.

At this moment, in that secret room.

The two polar yang fission bodies both smiled and got up.

They have refined the 'Floating Order' and the 'Wings of Evasion'.

In the next second, the two polar yang fission variants merged into one!

The polar yang itself manifests itself.

Afterwards, Ji Yang's body opened the Tiandao light screen, entered the trading channel, and put the floating order in it.

He wants to trade this order to the Moon Spirit clone!

With this token, the Moon Spirit clone can control the floating city, and at the same time, it can also 'unify the human city'!

This is of great benefit to guarding Longyuan!

After doing this, Ji Yang's body waved again, and a golden armor appeared in front of him.

[Anti-God Battle Armor: The Peak of Low-Grade Divine Rank]Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

[Reminder: This object is made up of eight heaven-suppressing divine objects, and has eight changing forms! 】

good! good!

After integrating the wings of the sky, the rank of the anti-god battle armor has been raised to the peak of the low-rank **** rank.

As long as another piece of divine artifact is integrated, it is estimated that it can be promoted to the level of mid-grade artifact.

Thinking of this, Jiyang body is very satisfied!

In fact, he has already tested it, and after being promoted to the peak of the low-rank **** rank, the combat power of the anti-god armor has reached 250,000 stars!

A full increase of 60,000 stars!

Very powerful!

However, this help to Qin Feng is more than 60,000 stars!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body thought a move.

hum!

The Anti-God Battle Armor suddenly burst into light and began to wriggle and change!

In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a pair of huge golden wings, some of which resembled the wings of the sky!

[Wings Against God: The Peak of Low Grade God Rank]

[Incidental skills: God Feather Arrow Formation, group attack type]

Jiyang body laughed!

Sure enough!

After the anti-god battle armor is integrated with the wings of the sky, there is an additional form of change, which can change into a pair of wing equipment.

In this way, he can equip one more piece of equipment.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body beckoned again, and there was a silver armor in front of him.

[Splintered Battle Armor: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

[Incidental skills: Space tearing! 】

[You need to master the S-level space talent before you can master this armor]

Looking at the armor in front of him, Ji Yang's body smiled again.

This is him in the Holy Land, opening the treasure chest and getting the best ninth-order battle armor.

Before he possessed the God-defying battle armor, he could no longer wear this air-splitting battle armor.

According to the rules of heaven, one person cannot equip two pieces of armor at the same time, even if it is forcibly equipped, only one can be combined.

Today, the Anti-God Armor has become the Anti-God Wing.

He can match three kinds of equipment at the same time.

One is the Star Punisher Sword, which can feed back 200,000 star combat power.

One is the air cracking armor, which can feed back 100,000 star combat power.

One thing, the Wings of God, can feed back 250,000 star combat power.

That is to say, after integrating the wings of the sky, it has invisibly increased his combat power by 160,000 stars.

This is a huge gain!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang body satisfactorily put away two pieces of equipment.

Afterwards, he looked at the extremely yin body on the side, it was still refining the 'Nine Rank Void Soul Pill', and it would be endless for a while...

0

He should go out and see!

Thinking of this, the body of the polar yang turns into white light and disappears in the secret room

At the same time, the High Heaven Pavilion, the place where the spectacle of the test monument was placed.

The Mirage clone quietly withdrew from the crowd.

At this moment, a white light flashed beside him, and Ji Yang's body appeared out of thin air.

The two looked at each other and understood.

They are of the same mind, but one and the same.

Then, the Mirage clone strode away from the crowd and walked towards the edge of the hall.

There are many heavenly powerhouses setting up stalls, and even some demigod powerhouses setting up stalls.

He wants to go and see if there are any items he needs in those stalls, and look for treasures.

Jiyang body walked into the crowd and continued to watch the test results of Fengxi's three girls...

At this moment, at this test site, everyone's attention was attracted by Qiyue, and no one paid attention to the behavior of Jiyang's main body and phantom avatar.

After Ji Yang's body entered the crowd, the crowd in front suddenly separated automatically.

I saw Qiyue walking over with a pass in her hand.

When those onlookers saw Qiyue approaching, they all stepped aside in awe, daring not to block the way.

Even those heavenly powerhouses are no exception!

Godly qualified person!

Who dares to underestimate?

As soon as those people moved away, Qiyue saw Jiyang's body.

Her eyes suddenly lit up and she walked over with joy.

"Master! Yue'er has passed, and he has obtained the pass of divine quality!"

Qiyue happily took out the pass.

The tone was a little flattering, but also a little coquettish.

0

Jiyang body smiled and nodded: "I have seen it!"

boom!

The people around the audience were shaken all over, and they all looked at Jiyang's body in amazement.

Owner? !

Oh my God!

This girl with divine qualities actually called that young man the master!

Did they hear it right?

But watching the two exchange their expressions, it seems that they are really one master and one servant.

That young man

Some people can't imagine it.

But when they saw that Jiyang's body was also at the Earth-level realm, their eyes suddenly became more complicated.

hum!

At this moment, there was a sound of the divine monument in front of you!

Everyone was startled and turned to look.

Ji Yang's body also looked curiously, and saw Xiao Luan'er standing beside the monument

He suddenly laughed!

It turned out that the little guy was testing it.

hum!

In the next second, the divine monument lit up!

Lines of test information appear

【The test starts】

[The first test: age]

【Age score: 3 points】

【Second test: level】

[Level score: 3 points]

[Third test: talent]

[Talent score: 3 points]

[Fourth Test: Foundation Building Rank]

[Foundation score: 32 points]

boom!

As soon as this information came out, the audience exclaimed again!

Oh my God!

Forget the first two tests, the gold content is not high.

The last two tests are terrible!

The third talent is 3 points, which means there are 3 S-level talents!

The fourth item of foundation building is 32 points, which means that this little girl is a medium-level god-level foundation building!

This time, everyone was dumbfounded!

They thought that Qiyue was extremely powerful, but they didn't expect another more powerful little Luan'er to come.

hum!

The stele vibrated again, and the information continued to emerge

【End of this round of testing】

[Four cumulative points: 41 points]

[Judgment result: divine quality! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants for obtaining the assessment pass order (Shenpin Harmony)]