Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey! 41 points! It's 17 points higher than the girl just now!"

"Scary! This is terrible!"

The crowd murmured!

Looking at Xiao Luan'er one by one, they didn't even dare to breathe!

That's the awe that comes from deep within!

hum!

Soon, a golden pass fell from the sky and fell into Xiao Luan'er's hands.

As soon as the little guy got the token, he jumped up and down and ran to Jiyang native land with a happy face.

"Dad! Daddy! I also got the divine pass!"

"very good!"

Ji Yang's body nodded in relief, and was also in a good mood.

The people around were completely dumbfounded!

No way?

This more powerful little girl actually called this young man 'Dad'!

What is the origin of this young man? !

For a time, everyone was stunned, and the eyes looking at Ji Yang's body changed again, and their hearts were extremely shocked.

Just when everyone was stunned, Feng Xi walked to the test tablet.

This time, it was her turn.

Chapter Five Hundred and Fifteen The Qualifications of the God King! Unexpected bonus!

Seeing Feng Xi stepping up to test, Ji Yang's body's attention fell on her, and there was a look of anticipation in his eyes...

I wonder how many points Feng Xi can get this time?

Having said that, the points earned will be very different for the same divine qualifications.

For example, Xiao Luaner scored 41 points and Qiyue scored 24 points, a difference of 17 points.

Naturally, the more points, the better!

Because of the promotion to the realm of heaven, the 'qualification points' and 'assessment points' will be accumulated together, and then we will see if the total points meet the assessment standards.

When the total points are reached, it is considered to pass the examination!

In other words, the higher the qualification score, the better the qualification, and the easier it is to pass the assessment.

It can also be seen from this point that a player with a high foundation-building rank is more likely to be promoted to the heaven-level realm.

After thinking about this, Jiyang Ontology is looking forward to Feng Xi's achievements more and more.

He naturally hoped that Feng Xi could have a good score, so that he could win the first-class divine grade assessment.

At this time, Feng Xi had already walked to the **** monument, and started to break her fingers and blood clot.

Seeing this scene, everyone's attention also fell on her.

I saw that Feng Xi quickly condensed blood beads and bounced directly to the stele.

hum!

After a while, the divine monument lit up!

Lines of test information appear

【The test starts】

[The first test: age]

【Age score: 2 points】

【Second test: level】

[Level score: 3 points]

[Third test: talent]

[Talent score: 2 points]

[Fourth Test: Foundation Building Rank]

[Foundation score: 64 points]

boom!

As soon as this result came out, the whole audience was shocked!

That's it for the first three tests!

With Qiyue and Xiaoluaner Zhuyu in front, Fengxi's achievements are not outstanding.

One last test available!

She got 64 points!

64 points!

That means that this beautiful woman is a first-class **** to build a foundation!

OMG!

They thought that Qiyue was already extremely powerful!

Unexpectedly, a more powerful little Luan'er appeared!

When they think that Xiao Luan'er is already invincible!

Unexpectedly, a more powerful Feng Xi appeared!

what happened? !

What the **** is going on today?

How come one woman is stronger than the other? !

This time, everyone was completely dumbfounded!

The eyes that looked at Feng Xi one by one were full of disbelief!

The first-class gods build the foundation!

Even within a star field, it is a rare sight in a million years!

Unexpectedly, they actually witnessed it with their own eyes today!

hum!

At this time, the stele vibrated, and the information continued to emerge.

【End of this round of testing】

[Four cumulative points: 71 points]

[Judgment result: divine quality! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants for obtaining the assessment pass order (Shenpin Harmony)]

OMG!

71 points!

This is 30 points higher than the little girl just now!

Incredible!

Incredible!

Everyone looked at Feng Xi in shock, they didn't even dare to breathe!

The field has become very quiet!

It was as if the air had frozen!

No one dared to disturb Feng Xi in the slightest!

Even those heavenly powerhouses are no exception!

That kind of extreme awe comes from the bottom of my heart!

hum!

The sky vibrated, and the beam of light fell!

It didn't take long for a golden pass to fall into Feng Xi's hands.

She happily took the token and put it away!

After doing this, she did not leave the monument immediately, but turned to look at the crowd of onlookers

In the end, her eyes fell on Ji Yang's body!

Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned for a moment, and couldn't help but murmured in their hearts.

Does this woman also know this young man?

But before they thought about it, Feng Xi smiled sweetly at Ji Yang's body.

"Master, Feng Xi is fortunate enough to not be humiliated, and has also obtained the pass of the gods."

"Well done!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded, very pleased.

The people around were completely dumbfounded!

OMG!

This woman is actually the servant of this young man!

What is the origin of this young man? !

At that moment, the air became even more solidified!

The more everyone thought about it, the more shocked they became, they even held their breath!

The eyes they looked at Jiyang's body became even more awe-inspiring!

No matter what the background of this young man is?

The qualifications of his daughter and two servants are so terrifying, it can be seen that this young man is definitely not simple!

I'm afraid it is also a terrifying existence!

How could they be disrespectful in the face of such a terrifying existence?

At this moment, Feng Xi looked back at the test team.

At the front of the team was an old man in green robe leaning on a wooden staff.

When he saw Feng Xi look over, his expression suddenly became a little flustered.

He didn't know what Feng Xi was going to do?

In the eyes of the old man, Feng Xi was a big man.

At this moment, Feng Xi opened her mouth.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"This friend, can I ask my master to jump in and let him test first?"

The old man nodded nervously: "Yes... yes!"

Feng Xi showed a happy smile.

Then, she looked at the anode body.

"Master, this friend agrees. Come and test it!"

Ji Yang body smiled and shook his head: "Is this inappropriate?"

He's never done a queue cut!