Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

But he didn't want to, he just fell...

The old man hurriedly said: "This lord! It's suitable! It's very suitable! Please ask first! Please quickly!"

At this moment, the surrounding people also reacted, and they all agreed.

"Yeah! Your lord, it's appropriate! Please go first!"

"My lord, don't worry, go to the test, I can't wait!"

The players in the queue are even more warmly invited, and their attitudes are more respectful than each other!

Ji Yang's body was stunned for a moment, a little surprised!

Then, he smiled and stepped forward.

Since everyone was so polite, he was very kind.

Having said that, it's better not to have to queue up, to save him wasting some unnecessary time.

Soon, the body of Jiyang walked to the side of the stele.

The people around also recovered from their shock and couldn't help but muttered.

"Everyone, this adult is going to be tested!"

"Yeah! I wonder what kind of qualifications he will be?"

"His two servants and one daughter are all divinely qualified, and one is more powerful than the other. It is estimated that this lord is also divinely qualified!"

"Yeah! I'm afraid his aptitude is better than those three!"

"Well, I'll wait and see! He's going to be tested soon!"

The words of everyone are full of awe for the body of the polar yang.

Of course, they are also looking forward to the test results of the anode body.

At the same time, the body of the polar anode had broken through the blood clotting, and a drop of blood was squeezed out from the fingertip.

As soon as the blood beads came out, they exuded a strange fragrance!

In the next second, he flicked his index finger, and the blood beads shot towards the monument.

pat!

A soft sound!

The blood beads fell on the stele and splashed, like a red plum blossom!

Afterwards, the divine tablet absorbed the blood and essence at a speed visible to the naked eye.

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the stele buzzed and lit up with a dazzling white light!

Everyone around held their breath and opened their eyes.

They know the test is about to begin

Soon, golden light appeared on the monument, and lines of information appeared.

【The test starts】

[The first test: age]

【Age score: 3 points】

3 points!

It's a full score!

It turned out that the age of this adult is no more than 30 years old!

I didn't expect him to be so young!

Everyone was amazed!

This is somewhat beyond their expectations!

Feng Xi's age is 2 points!

Xiao Luan'er called Ji Yang's body 'Dad' again.

They also thought that the age of Ji Yang's body was similar to Feng Xi, or even lower.

Unexpectedly, it was a perfect score!

hum!

The tablet trembled again, and the second test information appeared

【Second test: level】

[Level score: 1 point]

what!

Only 1 point this time?

Everyone frowned slightly.

Levels 40 to 45 are awarded 3 points, which is considered a full score.

2 points for level 46 to 50.

1 point for level 51 to 55.

Qin Feng is level 52 and naturally gets 1 point.

Everyone thought about it for a while, but also felt that it was nothing.

In fact, this qualification test, the second test is very strange.

It's not that the level is low, it means that the qualification is high.

But the higher the level, the higher the combat power, which is not fair enough for the assessment.

In other words, this second level test is a balance test, which cannot reflect the level of aptitude.

However, this adult only got 1 point for the second item.

That was behind his two servants and his daughter.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

His final score won't be compared by his servants and his daughter, right?

Everyone muttered in their hearts, and they were a little worried

hum!

At this time, the monument shook, and new information emerged.

[Third test: talent]

[Talent score: 40 points]

boom!

Everyone was shocked, their mouths were wide open, and their eyes were about to fall!

OMG!

40 marks? !

God monument is not wrong, right? !

How can a person's talent reach 40 points? !

You know, an S-level talent can only get 1 point

An SS-level talent can get 3 points!

An SSS-level talent can score 10 points!

This adult actually scored 40 points!

This is simply unimaginable!

Is this adult still human?

I'm afraid he is already a god!

At this moment, everyone was stunned and couldn't believe their eyes!

The eyes they looked at Ji Yang's body were even more shocked!

Naturally, they didn't know that Qin Fengguang had 11 S-level talents.

They are: the law of killing, the law of destruction, the law of soul, the law of blood, the law of escape, the law of death, the law of life, the law of space, the law of extreme yin, the law of extreme yang, and the law of open heaven.

That's 11 points!

There are 3 kinds of Qin Feng's SS-level talents.

They are: Awakening of the Eight Consciousnesses, Reincarnation of Life and Death, and the Law of Hunyuan.

A total of 9 points!

There are 2 kinds of SSS-level talents.

They are: Endless Extraction, Bloodline Talent.

A total of 20 points!

The sum of the three types of talent points is 40 points!

Generally speaking, 99.9999% of people have 0 points on the talent test.

It's amazing to get 1 point!

To be able to get 5 points is simply shocking, I can't imagine it!

How could they just feel shocked when Ji Yang's body got 40 points all of a sudden?

hum!

Before they could recover from the shock, the monument rang again

New information emerges again

[Fourth Test: Foundation Building Rank]

[Foundation score: 128 points]

boom!

This time, the audience was completely stunned!

This is completely beyond their cognition!

As far as they know, the first-class god-grade foundation building is already the highest-level foundation building.

And the first-class god-level foundation building can only get 64 points!

This young adult got 128 points!

Omg!

What exactly is going on?

Naturally, these people don't know that Qin Feng is a god-level foundation building!

The points earned will naturally be doubled!

hum!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again!

【End of this round of testing】

[Four cumulative points: 172 points]

[Judgment result: God King Qualification! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants for obtaining the assessment pass (special class of gods)]

boom!

God King qualification? !