Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Oh my God!

There is such a qualification!

This sounds extraordinary!

Everyone is completely numb!

One by one dumbfounded on the spot!

They no longer know what the shock is!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Feng Xi's three daughters are full of surprises!

Great!

The master has actually obtained the qualifications of a **** king!

Then the master can participate in the more advanced joint assessment!

The more the three girls think, the more excited they become!

Jiyang body is also very happy!

At this moment, the 0.8 reminder of Tiandao came in his mind again.

[You are the first player in this hall to obtain the "God King Qualification", and you have received a +100 reputation reward]

what!

Even so!

Ji Yang's eyes lit up and his heart was ecstatic!

Got another 100 reputation!

Then he can buy another title **** card to help Longyuan Town rise to level 9 town in one fell swoop.

As a result, Long Yuan's strength will be greatly increased!

The more you think about the anode body, the more surprised you are!

He didn't expect to use this method to gain 100 reputation.

Having said that, he is the first player in this temple to obtain the 'Qualification of the God King'.

That just means that he is the first of the three star fields.

A Lingtian Temple is shared by only three star domains.

Not all star domains are included!

In other star regions, I am afraid that there will be players with the qualifications of the **** king!

There are days outside the sky, and there are people outside people!

He doesn't look down on others!

However, he was extremely satisfied with the result.

hum!

Just then, the sky shook!

A beam of light fell from the sky!

Then, a purple-golden pass order slowly descended along the beam of light.

That token was obviously a little different from that of Feng Xi's three daughters.

Jiyang body looked up and looked at the pass.

After a while, the token fell in front of him.

He happily took the token!

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Feng Xi's three daughters walked over with joy.

"Let's go!"

The anode body put away the token and left the test place

Three girls follow!

Until Qin Feng and the four walked away, the test point was still dead!

Those people stared blankly at the back of Qin Feng's four people leaving, and they couldn't calm down for a long time.

Chapter Five Hundred and Sixteenth Strength Rising! Soul Deed Seal!

Soon, the four of Jiyang's body were far away from everyone's sight.

The Hall of High Heaven Pavilion is very huge, with hundreds of test points.

After leaving the sight of the test point, the three Feng Xi girls let go, each with a happy face.

"Dad! You are amazing! You got 171 points! That's 100 points higher than Sister Feng Xi!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

In those big eyes, full of admiration for Qin Feng.

Feng Xi also smiled and said, "Master, the higher your aptitude points are, the better it will be for your Tianwu assessment. Your current aptitude points are so high that you don't need to add assessment points, and you're almost close to the lower-level divine grade points standard. "

Qiyue also said: "Master, let's go to the divine grade assessment office now and take part in the combat power test!"

"Yes! Dad, let's go over there!"

The two little girls couldn't wait.

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "You three go first! I still have things to deal with!"

He just got 100 reputation points, and naturally he wants to buy a noble card to upgrade Long Yuan.

Besides, even if he wants to participate in the combat power test, he will have to wait until the extreme yin body has finished refining the Rank Nine Void Soul Pill, and then he will increase his combat power.

"Dad, let's go first!"

"Well! Go!"

At that moment, the three of Xiao Luan'er left happily.

They also know that Qin Feng has a lot of things to do and can't be disturbed.

After the three women left, Ji Yang checked his reputation.

[Reputation]: 2170 points (Godslayer) (Luck Lord)

good! good!

If he gets another 130 reputation, he can get another purchase permission.

I don't want so much anymore!

He now has one purchase permission, and it is time to buy the title **** card and quickly upgrade Longyuan Town.

In this way, the strength of Feng Xi's three daughters will also increase.

25 is also of great help to their combat power test.

The combat power test is also counted as points, and it will be counted together into the total points, so it has to be taken seriously.

Thinking of this, Jiyang body turned around and left

"Hey! This is"

But at this moment, his eyes lit up and he turned to look at a place on the edge of the hall.

There are many heavenly powerhouses setting up stalls, and there are also a few demigod powerhouses setting up stalls.

Mirage clone is there Taobao

At this moment, the phantom avatar is bargaining with a demigod powerhouse, and seems to have found some treasure

There is also excitement in the eyes of Ji Yang's body.

He and the phantom avatar are of the same mind, and naturally he knows what treasures the phantom avatar has found.

That item is of great use to him!

Knew it!

There are some treasures in these stalls too!

Especially the stalls of those demigod powerhouses!

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly, then turned and left

The matter of Taobao, just leave it to the Mirage clone to handle.

With his rich net worth, the items on the street stalls are not something he can't afford.

Thinking of this, Jiyang body turned and left

Not long after, he left Lingxiao Pavilion and returned to the main hall of Lingtian Temple.

There were still people coming and going in the main hall, very lively.

No one paid attention to the return of the anode body.

After all, only the people at the test site knew about the results of his test at the High Heaven Pavilion, and the matter had not yet spread!

Soon, Jiyang body entered Lingyun Pavilion from the main hall

A quarter of an hour later, in Lingyun Pavilion.

The anode body chose a remote miniature altar.

He doesn't want to be disturbed!

"Buy another title card, and I will be able to raise Longyuan Town to level 9. Before the Mirage clone couldn't use the crystal ball, I wonder if I can use it?"

Ji Yang's body muttered in his heart, a little uncertain.

After all, he is only one of Qin Feng's two main bodies, and cannot be regarded as a complete Qin Feng.

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body pressed the crystal ball with one palm

hum!

In the next second, the crystal ball will light up with a dazzling aura!

There is joy in the eyes of Jiyang's main body!

Turns out he can use it!

At the moment, he closed his eyes involuntarily

Tiandao also sent a reminder.

【Welcome back to Lingyun Mall! 】

[Reminder: This mall is only open to the prefecture-level realm, players who exceed the prefecture-level realm do not have the right to purchase]

[Reminder: You have used 13 purchase rights. 】

[Reminder: It is detected that your reputation has increased to 2170 points, and the purchase permission will be increased again. 】

[Reminder: Those who have the title of "Little Luck Master" can add 2 purchase rights]

[Reminder: You now have 3 purchase rights in total. 】

[Reminder: Each time you purchase permission, you can only purchase one treasure! 】

Jiyang's eyes lit up, and there were many surprises!

It turns out that getting the second title can also increase the purchase authority!

This is so cool!

At the moment, he hurriedly entered the mall interface and made a purchase

After a while, a beam of light descends!