Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

I saw a noble card, slowly falling down the beam of light.

This kind of movement still attracted the attention of all around.

Many people looked over one after another, with envy in their eyes.

Some of them have seen Qin Feng buy twelve times in a row before.

This time, when they saw the purchase of Ji Yang's body again, they were immediately stunned.

No way? !

Did this guy buy it again? !

Isn't that the thirteenth time?

These guys don't know that this middle phantom avatar was bought once.

This is Qin Feng's fourteenth purchase!

In short, those who saw Jiyang's body buying again, rubbed their eyes one by one, thinking that they were wrong.

Thirteen purchases!

This is too scary!

Ji Yang's body is too lazy to pay attention to the eyes around him.

He happily accepted the title card, and was hesitant to use it in public?

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Refining the nine-turn Void Soul Pill is complete! Congratulations, your soul body strength has been upgraded to the initial stage of False God! 】

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! Your basic combat power is increased to 1.61 million stars]

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! The range of the ninth-order top-quality skill 'Spiritual Consciousness' has been extended to a radius of 150,000 miles. 】

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! The power of your 'Soul Destruction Eye' has been greatly improved, and you have been promoted from the ninth-rank top grade to the demigod rank. 】

【The strength of your soul body has been greatly improved! Your Soul Dao talent is activated, automatically awakening the talent skill - Soul Deed Seal Art (Demigod Rank)]

[Soul Deed Seal Art: A demigod-level skill, the soul master can set any contract content according to his own needs. 】

[Reminder: Both parties need to agree to the soul contract seal formula to perform various soul contracts. Once the contract is successfully signed, the terms of the contract cannot be changed! Violators will be punished! 】

[Reminder: After the contract is successfully signed, the soul master cannot change the content of the contract, but can cancel the soul contract at any time. 】

boom!

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, and there were surprises!

His soul body finally broke through!

This time, the breakthrough of the soul body has greatly increased his comprehensive strength, and his basic combat power has reached 1.61 million stars.

In addition, the power of his Soul Extinguishing Eye has skyrocketed, reaching the level of a demigod!

What's even better is that he also awakened a demigod-level skill - Soul Deed Seal!

"Soul Deed Seal! Isn't that exactly what I want!"

Jiyang body is excited!

Before, Liu Xuan and others wanted to sign a master-slave contract with him.

He is helpless!

Unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, he awakened the Soul Deed Seal and solved his needs.

How could it be such a coincidence?

It's really what I want, so what?

correct!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

It must be the influence of the title of 'Little Luck Master'!

Having said that, I am now considered a child of luck, blessed by heaven, and it is hard not to be strong!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is suddenly enlightened, and his mood is also greatly improved!

Of course, he knew that too!

In this endless big world, he is not the only Luck Lord.

He can be proud, but he can't get carried away!

In short, this time the harvest, he is very satisfied!

Today, his combat power, soul body, and range of spiritual consciousness are all comparable to those of the early stage False God!

It can be said that he is a real False God, but the realm is still at the earth level.

This also shows that his potential evildoer is outrageous!

Of course, with his current strength, he is not the opponent of the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

Can't relax!

By the way, the three girls of Feng Xi are testing their combat power!

He had to upgrade Longyuan Town quickly, and he couldn't delay the results of the three girls.

With this in mind, Jiyang's body sent the 'Noble God Card' into the zero-degree space.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, the secret cultivation room.

The very negative body got up with a look of joy.

He finally refined the Rank Nine Void Soul Pill, and the harvest was huge!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and a 'Noble Card' appeared.

The extremely yin body understands it, and quickly catches the divine card.

After a while, a series of announcements sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Long Yuan Announcement: The mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human' title on Xiao Luan'er]

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Xiao Luan'er for winning the title of 'President' and having some management rights over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

513 Boom!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan was full of surprises!

Immediately afterwards, another heavenly reminder sounded

[Reminder: The number of lordships in Longyuan Town has been detected, and there are already 7 people who have reached the standard for promotion to level 9 town, and can be promoted at any time]

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Town]

[Longyuan Announcement: The upgrade was successful! Longyuan Town has been upgraded from a level 8 town to a level 9 town]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to all the townspeople, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 26,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to the mayor Qin Feng, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive 52,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 9, and the village chief opened the permission to upgrade to level 11. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 9, and the villagers have opened the permission to upgrade to level 10. 】

[Longyuan Town was successfully upgraded to level 9, and the population cap was raised to 4 million. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 9, and the upper limit of the teleportation array has been increased to 500. 】

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 9, and the creation authority of the 'Discussion Hall' has been opened. 】

Boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, Long Yuan was up and down with joy!

Then, the sky shook!

One after another reward beams of light descended from the sky and fell on everyone in Longyuan

In the next second, the attribute points of the townspeople skyrocketed, each by 26,000 points.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Extreme Yin received 52,000 attribute rewards!

He was overjoyed!

Then, his eyes fell on the last prompt message.

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 9, and the creation authority of the 'Discussion Hall' has been opened. 】

[Deliberation Hall: a public building on the ninth order. 】

[Reminder: The successful construction of the discussion hall will allow the mayor to obtain 100,000 attribute rewards, and all town residents will receive 10,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Reminder: Only one building can be built, and it can be upgraded! 】

The extremely negative body suddenly lit up.

This public building is great!

It will greatly help him and the townspeople to improve their strength.

Even better, it's upgradeable.

In the future, as long as you obtain its upgrade authority, each upgrade will bring more benefits to Long Yuan.

With this in mind, the extreme yin body hurriedly opened the creation interface to check the creation conditions of this 'discussion hall'

Chapter 517: False God mid-term! Potential crisis!

Soon, the very negative body will see the creation conditions

[The building conditions of the discussion hall are as follows]

【10,000 units of fine wood】

[10,000 units of stone]

[1000 units of iron concentrate]

【10 units of supreme wood】

[10 units of supreme bones]

[10 lightning strike wood (sixth order)]

[10 wind crystals (seventh order)]

Seeing these requirements, the very negative body laughed.

These materials are basically ready-made in the Longyuan resource library.

The only thing missing is the seventh-order wind crystal.

However, Longyuan Town got the floating city, and there are wind and sky crystal mines on it.

And Qin Feng also has dozens of ready-made Fengkong crystals.

At the moment, the very yin body opens the Tiandao light screen, enters the public resource interface, and retrieves wood and stone resources.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

The Yueling clone was looking at the 'floating order' in his hand with joy.

With this floating order, he dares to fight against the threshold of the virtual god!

You must know that the current basic combat power of the ontology is 1.61 million stars.

His combat power is 80% of the body, that is, about 1.29 million stars.

If coupled with the backfeeding of the top and bottom god-level Jue Xing Sword, his combat power will reach 1.49 million stars.

Now, he has obtained the 'Floating City Order' from the main body, which can complete the unity of human and city.

Then his combat power has reached 1.69 million stars, and he has officially entered the threshold of False God.

False God's initial combat power range is 1.5 million to 2.5 million stars