Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In other words, the moon spirit clone to guard Longyuan's lair is already rock solid!

Unless the Six Dao Patriarch came in person!

The combat power of the six ancestors is infinitely close to 2.5 million stars!

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone looked at the floating city below.

I saw rows of 9-level wooden houses in the city, with tens of thousands of them.

Those are the wooden houses of Long Yuan's disciples!

It turned out that Qin Feng had regarded the floating city as Longyuan's lair.

Most of the wooden houses of the disciples were moved to the floating city, with more than 12,000 people stationed there.

The remaining 3,000 disciples were stationed at the major stations!

Looking at the floating city square, more than 10,000 Long Yuan disciples gathered.

Some of them were cheering loudly, while others were having fun.

They just got 26,000 attribute points reward, they naturally want to increase their combat power

Having said that, 26,000 attribute points are equivalent to 500-star combat power!

For the disciples of Long Yuan, this is a great improvement in combat power!

They are so excited!

At the same time, some level 9 wooden houses also lit up the upgrade white light, and they are being promoted to level 10 wooden houses.

There are also some children who have received 26,000 attribute rewards!

Level 9 cabins are upgraded to level 10 cabins, and the reward is also 26,000 attribute points.

That's another 500-star combat power!

Of course, only a few children have upgraded the wooden house!

Most of the disciples do not have Fengkong Crystal in their hands!

However, these are temporary!

Soon, all the disciples of Long Yuan will be able to have Fengkong Crystals and complete the upgrade of the level 10 wooden house.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone looked at the southwest side of the floating city.

There is a huge mine there. At this moment, more than 30,000 white-skinned slaves are working hard to dig the mine.

What they mined was Fengkong Crystal!

Seeing this, Yueling's clone is quite pleased!

Longyuan's development is booming!

When all the wooden houses of Long Yuan's disciples have risen to level 10, there are at least a thousand disciples whose combat power exceeds 10,000 stars.

This is very beneficial to the future feedback of the ontology!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, the sound of breaking through the air below!

Granny Fengqi, Elder Qishan, and Liu Xuan jumped up one after another and came to the side of Yueling Clone.

"Owner!"

"Boss!"

When the three arrived, their faces were full of joy.

The three of them have completed the level 10 wooden house upgrade and added points, all of them have a huge harvest!

"Master, the old man has already arranged to let the white-skinned slaves speed up the progress. It is estimated that in half an hour, everyone will be able to upgrade the level 10 wooden house!"

Elder Qishan excitedly reported the mining progress.

"very good!"

Moon Spirit clone smiled and nodded.

Having said that, in half an hour, it will be bright.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The second round of competition has officially begun!

At this time, Liu Xuan also said excitedly: "Boss, now our Longyuan Town has been upgraded to level 9. If it is upgraded to another level, it will be Longyuan City! By then, there will be earth-shaking changes!"

As soon as these words fell, Granny Feng Qi sighed: "Liu Xuan, it is not easy to upgrade Longyuan City to level 10! The minimum population it needs is 20,000! At present, our Longyuan City only has more than 15,000 people. There are more than 4,000 people!"

Hearing this, Liu Xuan frowned.

With regard to population, that's a really big problem!

Longyuan Town will definitely not recruit people casually. Only compatriots from the Dragon Kingdom, or existences like the Phoenix and Qi tribes will be recruited.

At this time, Yueling clone said: "It is definitely not easy to upgrade Longyuan City to level 10. It is useless for us to worry! In the second round of competition, our main opponents in Longyuan Town are the Six Dao Clan."

"When the Six Dao Clan is destroyed, we will be able to unify the first division. At that time, search around and you should be able to find some compatriots from the Dragon Kingdom to replenish the population."

"Of course, if we can find some children of the cursed forces to join, that would be a good choice. In short, these things can't be rushed. At present, our most important task is to upgrade the 10-pole wooden house."

As soon as these words fell, the three of Liu Xuan nodded again and again.

Boom!

But at this moment, there was a sudden sound from below!

The entire floating city trembled slightly!

The three of Liu Xuan were startled and quickly looked down.

Just in the middle of the row of wooden houses, the earth suddenly cracked, a brand new palace broke out, and then slowly rose from the ground!

This scene suddenly shocked everyone!

All the children followed the sound and looked at the sound, feeling doubtful, and a reminder came from Heaven.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is building a new public building - Conference Hall (ninth order)]

The crowd suddenly stunned!

It turns out that the boss is creating a new public building!

Boom!

Shake the mountain!

After a while, the discussion hall was completely raised from the ground!

It is as high as several dozen feet and is divided into three floors. It is magnificent and has its own glow, which is extraordinary!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Announcement: The discussion hall was successfully created! 】

[The discussion hall is a ninth-order public building with its own blessing function of heaven! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuan Town for obtaining the blessing of heaven! The number of invincible defenses of all guardian altars (top grade) has been increased to 5 times! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuan Town for obtaining the blessing of heaven! All townspeople get 10,000 attribute rewards! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuan Town for obtaining the blessing of heaven! Mayor Qin Feng received 100,000 attribute rewards! 】

boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, there were earth-shattering cheers from below!

Boom!

Then, the sky shook!

A beam of reward beams fell on everyone!

The attribute points of everyone are soaring wildly once again!

Everyone's cheers are even more enthusiastic!

After a while, the rewards are all over!

At this moment, above the sky.

Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan were all excited.

"Master, I didn't expect that after being promoted to a level 9 town, there will be an additional level 9 public building!"

Granny Feng Qi was delighted.

Liu Xuan also exclaimed: "This discussion hall is really powerful! It won't be like guarding the altar, can it be upgraded?"

The Yueling clone smiled and nodded: "You guessed right! It can be upgraded! In the future, it will bring us more and more benefits. By the way, there is another happy event to tell you!"

Liu Xuan's eyes lit up: "Boss, what's the happy event?"

Moon Spirit clone said: "This time, my soul body broke through successfully, and I also awakened a soul path talent skill - Soul Deed Seal!"

"Soul Deed Seal?"

Granny Feng Qi's eyes lit up.

Then, she excitedly said: "Master, this skill can sign a soul contract, right?"

Yueling clone smiled and nodded: "That's right!"

Liu Xuan was overjoyed: "That's great! Boss, I have always wanted to sign a master-slave contract with you, and now I can finally do it. Boss, can you sign a contract with me now?"

Yueling clone smiled slightly: "Okay! Give me a drop of blood!"

"Yes!"

Liu Xuan quickly broke his fingers and squeezed out a drop of blood.

When Yueling's clone waved, the drop of blood slowly flew towards him.

Then, he stretched out his finger

The blood beads automatically flew to his fingertips.

hum!

Then, his fingertips lit up with silver light, and strands of soul power penetrated into the blood beads.

In the next second, his fingertips drove blood beads and drew a peculiar blood-colored rune in the air.

hum!

As soon as the rune is drawn, it emits a dazzling red light that resonates in the air!

Then, when Yueling clone waved his hand, the **** rune automatically flew to Liu Xuan's eyebrows and disappeared.

Boom!

In the next second, Liu Xuan's sea of ​​knowledge was roaring constantly!

The contract blood talisman is merging with his soul body

After a few moments, the fusion is complete!

Liu Xuan slowly opened his eyes, his face showing joy

At this moment, he found that he had a different feeling for Qin Feng, more respect than before, that was the respect from the depths of his soul, which was irreversible!

At the same moment, an announcement also sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Long Yuan Announcement: The townsman Liu Xuan and the mayor Qin Feng completed the master-slave contract ceremony. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan was pleasantly surprised!

Liu Xuan signed a contract with the boss!

Does the boss have the means to sign a contract?

At this moment, above the sky.

Liu Xuan was even more delighted: "Boss, I finally signed a contract with you! In the future, you can use the space to summon and summon me at any time."

Granny Feng Qi smiled and said, "Yeah! The ten percent of this contract is more conducive to the development of my Long Yuan!"