Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qishan Fushou smiled and said, "Master, the chat channel is already frying! Everyone is arguing and wants to sign a contract with you!"

Yueling clone smiled and said: "Go and tell everyone that if you are willing to sign a contract with this deity, let them sign one by one!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, the three of Liu Xuan took the lead and left happily.

Looking at the backs of the three leaving, Yueling's clone also smiled.

If Longyuan's children can complete the contract signing, it will be beneficial to the development of the main body and Longyuan!

At the moment, he waved his hand, and the Ice Spirit clone and Wood Spirit clone also appeared together.

The next contract signing will be a big project, and naturally the three avatars will be required to complete it together

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm.

Deep in an endless mountain range, there is a huge and mysterious basin.

That basin is thousands of miles round, and the weather inside is extraordinary!

That is the head of the ten mysterious forces, the old nest of the Six Dao Clan.

At this moment, the Six Dao Clan is stationed in the sky.

Two stalwart figures are suspended in the air.

Those two are Daokong and Luo Tian!

At this time, both of them frowned slightly.

"Brother Daokong, according to the agreement, the Dunkong clan should have arrived at this time. Why didn't they show up? Could it be an accident?"

There was some worry in Luo Tian's tone.

Daokong frowned: "With the magical effect of the Floating City of the Escape Clan, if you can't beat it, you can always escape. It shouldn't be easy for an accident. Unless, their Floating City was destroyed during the charging interval. But like that. situation is unlikely to happen.”

Luo Tian nodded: "Yeah! That Yixing has the help of Floating Void City, but he can get the strength of the middle stage of the demigod. Even if Qin Feng takes action, it is not so easy to kill him!"

Daokong sighed: "Yeah! If he really meets Qin Feng, if he can't beat him, he will have the opportunity to send us a distress message. But I didn't receive it, which means that he is either fine or killed in seconds."

"If you want to kill the winged scorpion in seconds in the old nest of the Escape Clan, the pinnacle of the demigod can't do it. Unless you have the combat power close to the threshold of the virtual god. Do you think Qin Feng has such strength?"

Luo Tian smiled and shook his head: "Although that kid is peculiar, I wouldn't believe it if he was beaten to death."

"I guess Yi Zhang thinks that the information we told him is too exaggerated. He doesn't believe that Qin Feng has the strength of a demigod peak. Therefore, he verbally promised to arrive soon. In fact, he didn't take it seriously. It's just procrastinating like that."

As soon as these words fell, Dao Kong laughed.

"Brother Luo Tian, ​​you agree with me! In fact, I really want to kill Qin Feng and Longyuan Town, and I don't expect them. The one who really needs to rely on is my ancestor!"

Luo Tian hurriedly asked, "Brother Daokong, when will Senior Six Dao leave the customs?"

Hearing this, Daokong smiled proudly: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​Dao is about to tell you a happy event! This time waking up my ancestors went very smoothly. Before, my ancestors had told me to wait, he would be there in Exit in seven hours!"

"What?! Seven hours later, he will be able to leave the customs? This time, senior left the customs, nine hours earlier than expected!"

Luo Tian is full of surprises!

Dao Kong also said happily: "Yeah! Dao did not expect that his ancestors would be able to exit the customs earlier. Later, when I asked, I learned that my ancestors had successfully broken through to the middle stage of the False God, so they were able to exit the customs so quickly. !"

boom!

Luo Tian was shocked!

Afterwards, he was overjoyed: "This is great! The breakthrough of the Sixth Dao Patriarch will definitely increase his strength! Then the Qin Feng thief is dead!"

"Of course! My ancestor is not an ordinary False God powerhouse. With this breakthrough, his combat power is at least 3 million stars. Let him take action, and only one finger can crush the thief Qin Feng. !"

"No wonder the Daokong brothers say that it doesn't matter if the Dunkong clan comes or not. With the strength of the senior Liudao, there is no need for the Dunkong clan to add the icing on the cake!"

"Yeah! My ancestors can successfully break through this time, which means that God has helped me and other mysterious forces! Then the Qin Feng thief is dead! Haha!"

As soon as these words fell, the two looked at each other and laughed, extremely proud!

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, the secret cultivation room.

The cathode body is checking the condition of the 11th-level wooden house.

After Long Yuan was upgraded to level 9 town, he also got the permission to upgrade to level 11 wooden house.

At this moment, he frowned.

"Xuantianjing is a must-have material for the 11th-level wooden house! I don't seem to have this material!"

The very yin body muttered in his heart, and his expression was a little worried.

[Xuantianjing: Eighth-order material, space attribute. 】

The upgrade of the first ten levels of the wooden house involves various key materials such as gold, wood, water, fire, earth, light, darkness, wind, and thunder.

At the 11th level, the key material needed is the space attribute Xuan Tianjing.

But this Xuan Tianjing is extremely rare, and the rank is not low, reaching the eighth rank.

Qin Feng killed so many hiders and guardians without getting a piece from them.

Now, he was about to upgrade the wooden house to level 11, and finally got stuck.

"Hey! It seems that this wooden house has been upgraded to 11 levels, so it can only be put aside for the time being!"

The very yin body sighed helplessly.

what! correct!

He also had a storage ring, which he never checked.

Thinking of this, when the palm of the extreme yin body turned over, there was a simple storage ring in the palm.

That is the storage ring of the winged scorpion!

After committing suicide in the early days of the demigod, the Dun Kong patriarch, Qin Feng never had time to look at the treasures in this storage ring.

Now, he will try his luck to see if there is Xuan Tianjing in his storage ring.

Thinking of this, the very negative body turned around.

After a while, his eyes lit up, revealing the color of great joy!

Ha ha!

This is really good luck!

In that storage ring, there is actually a piece of Xuan Tianjing!

Once again, he understood, what is a 'little master of luck'!

Afterwards, he took out the 'Xuantian Crystal' and upgraded the wooden house in a happy mood.

After a while, an announcement sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng has succeeded in raising his 11th-level wooden house! The mayor Qin Feng received 52,000 attribute rewards. 】

good! good!

Another 52,000 attribute rewards!

In this way, he upgraded Longyuan Town this time and received a total of 204,000 attribute rewards.

Immediately, the very negative body opened the personal panel and started adding points.

After a while, he finished adding points, and the basic combat power increased to 1.614 million stars, which has increased a lot.

Very satisfied with the cathode body!

After doing this, he waved his hand again, and there was a spiritual fruit in front of him, blooming with nine-colored spiritual light, which looked very sacred.

[Sacred Soul Fruit: Low Grade God Rank]RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

【After taking it, you can automatically awaken the ninth consciousness - Amara consciousness. 】

call!

The trifles are all done!

Next, he should refine this spiritual fruit!

This is also his last piece of low-grade god-level treasure that needs to be digested.

After refining this spiritual fruit, he will be able to awaken his ninth sense, and he will also be able to completely fuse the divine pupil of punishment.

Punishment God pupil that day, but the heaven and earth wonders of the middle grade **** rank.

If the fusion is 100%, his strength will be greatly improved!

It was a great help for him to pass the Tianwu assessment!

The more the negative body thinks about it, the more excited it becomes.

Then, he sat cross-legged and started refining directly.

Qin Feng did not know that the situation of the Six Dao Clan had undergone great changes.

The ancestor of the Six Paths has broken through to the middle stage of the False God, and will exit the customs ahead of time.

That huge crisis is looming over Longyuan Town

Chapter 518: Pretending to be a habitual offender! Son of the Star Lord!

At the same moment, in Lingyun Pavilion.

The anode body will be used up for the last 2 purchases.

At this moment, the two noble cards are slowly falling along the beam of light.

The people around look envious!

OMG!

This guy used the purchase rights 15 times before and after!

In the crowd, those who have seen Qin Feng take action are completely messy!

After a while, the Shenka fell in front of the anode body.

After he got the God Card, he left directly.

There is no way, he has become the focus of the entire hall, and he doesn't want to be stared at.

It didn't take long for Jiyang to leave Lingyun Pavilion and return to the main hall of the temple.

He chose a remote corner, took out the title card, and used it directly

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is conferring Qiyue the title of 'President']

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Qiyue for obtaining the title of 'President' and having some management rights over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

[Long Yuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Jue' on Granny Feng Qi]

【The award is complete! Congrats to Granny Feng Qi for winning the title of 'Human Noble' and having some management authority over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

call!

Done!

After using up the divine card, Ji Yang's body let out a sigh of relief.

So far, there are 9 'people' in Longyuan Town!

However, this is not enough!

It turned out that the level 9 Longyuan Town has been upgraded to the 10th level Longyuan City. One of the **** conditions is the number of people who must be more than 10 people.

Therefore, after checking the upgrade conditions, Ji Yang Ontology did not hesitate to purchase 2 noble cards.

pity!

He still doesn't have enough!

"There's one more, but it's a little troublesome!"

Ji Yang's body opened the mayor's interface, checked it, and felt a little worried.