If he doesn't buy a title **** card in time, he won't be able to buy it after he completes the Tianwu assessment and is promoted to the heavenly realm.

Because Lingyun Pavilion's mall is only open to the Earth-level realm, not the heaven-level realm.

At that time, he can only count on the excellent subordinates such as Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan, Liu Xuan, Lei Jue, etc., to come to Lingyun Pavilion to buy it.

But as far as he knew, Granny Feng Qi and Elder Qishan were over the age and they did not have the right to purchase.

The prestige of Liu Xuan, Lei Jue and others is not enough!

When Liu Xuan and Lei Jue gathered enough prestige, they didn't know it was the year of the monkey and the month of the horse.

In this way, it will seriously delay the development of Longyuan Town.

According to his ideas, he naturally hopes that Longyuan Town can be upgraded to Longyuan City sooner!

At least 983 was not stuck in the upgrade of Longyuan Town because of the title issue.

Besides, it was not easy for him to visit Lingtian Temple.

That being the case, he might as well find a way to get together a purchase authority to complete the hard conditions of the title, so that it can be done once and for all.

Thinking of this, he quickly checked the reputation value

[Reputation]: 2230 points (God Killer) (Luck Lord)

good! good!

The reputation has reached 2230 points!

Thinking about it, he used 3 titles and gained 60 reputation points, which naturally rose to 2230 points.

After his reputation reaches 2300 points, he will get another purchase permission!

In other words, he is still short of 70 reputation points before he can get a purchase permission.

"70 reputation points! This is not easy!"

Ji Yang body sighed in his heart.

If he can't get 10 titles together, he always feels like he is stuck in his throat, and he always thinks that he must gather the prestige before going to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

"Right! When I participated in the qualification test, I broke the temple record and received 100 reputation rewards. In the combat power test, will I be able to break the record and get reputation rewards?"

Ji Yang's eyes lit up, and he felt that it was possible.

Immediately, he walked towards Lingxiao Pavilion

After a while, Ji Yang's body entered the High Heaven Pavilion.

As soon as he entered, the phantom avatar came over.

The next second, the Mirage clone handed over a milky white elixir, exuding a refreshing elixir fragrance.

[Shen Wu Dan: The ninth-order superb. 】

[Taking this pill can increase one's comprehension a hundredfold within twenty-four hours. 】

Seeing this divine pill, Ji Yang's body showed a happy expression.

It turned out that the treasure that the phantom avatar had obtained before was this ninth-order top-quality elixir.

The Mirage clone spent the price of an eighth-order weapon, and the price was very fair in exchange for this elixir.

This is a very successful deal!

Especially this medicine pill is very useful to Qin Feng!

He wants to give Qiyue this Shenwu Pill.

That little girl's perception of time talent has reached the peak of A-level, and it is the last line from the S-level talent level.

If Qiyue was given this Divine Enlightenment Pill, it would allow her to increase her comprehension a hundredfold within 24 hours, from her time talent to S rank in one fell swoop.

As long as Qiyue's time talent reaches S-level, the sharing of insights can be activated immediately, allowing Qin Feng to also obtain S-level time talent.

This is a wonderful way to kill two birds with one stone!

The more I think about it, the more excited I get!

correct!

Qiyue has already gone to participate in the combat test.

She won't have finished the test, let's enter the examination room!

At this thought, Ji Yang's body was a little anxious.

He has to hurry up and stop it!

Among the three of Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, and Fengxi, Qiyue is the weakest, and has the lowest probability of passing the high-level divine grade assessment.

If Qiyue was asked to refine the Shenwu Pill first, and then let him participate in the assessment after she felt that she had acquired an S-rank time talent, the probability of having used the first-class divine grade assessment would be greatly increased.

Feng Xi's three daughters are his most trusted messengers and his most dependent subordinates.

He naturally hoped that the three daughters could reach the highest level of divine quality.

Thinking of this, Jiyang body strode towards the divine product test area.

The Mirage clone is close behind!

The High Heaven Pavilion is very large, almost a thousand times that of the High Cloud Pavilion, and there are many people inside.

After walking for a while, Ji Yang's body came to the 'Sacred Combat Strength Test Area'.

He could see from a distance that thousands of people gathered around the test site, as if watching something.

From time to time, there are discussions in the crowd

"This young master Yuxu has been meditating here for three days and three nights, how long will he continue?"

"Yeah! In order to wait for his test, the old man is eager to see. He just never starts."

"Hey! It's useless to be in a hurry! If you want to see the god-level test, you have to wait. If anyone comes back, who is qualified to participate in the god-level combat power test, it is basically a rare occurrence in a hundred years!"

"That's true! Hey! I just hope that Young Master Yuxu can test it quickly, so that I can have a feast for the eyes!"

"Yeah! I also want to see the god-level combat power test, what is the situation?"

The crowd murmured!

Ji Yang's body was stunned when he heard it.

Young Master Yuxu?

what happened?

Aren't they watching Feng Xi and the others?

what! That is

In the next second, Ji Yang's body saw three beautiful figures in the crowd of onlookers, it was Feng Xi's three daughters.

These three girls are actually watching!

Suddenly curious, he strode over

In just a moment, he walked behind the three girls.

The three women felt something, and turned back one after another, and saw Ji Yang's body at a glance.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

The three girls were delighted, and their beautiful eyes were full of brilliance.

"Dad, you are amazing! You have raised Longyuan to a level 9 town so quickly. The three of us have increased our combat power a lot!"

When Xiao Luan'er saw Ji Yang's body, she said excitedly.

Qin Feng's operation allowed the three women to each receive 62,000 attribute rewards, and their combat power increased by more than 1,000 stars.

Qin Feng doesn't like this kind of combat power.

But for Fengxi's three daughters, it's a big improvement!

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "It's good that your strength has improved! By the way, what is the result of your combat strength test this time?"

Xiao Luan'er smiled and said, "Dad, we haven't tested it yet!"

"Not yet tested?!"

The body of Jiyang was slightly stunned.

These three girls should have come to the test site very early, why haven't they been tested yet?

"Dad, look for yourself! There's a nasty guy in there, occupying the test position. He doesn't test himself, and he won't let others test it!"

The little girl's tone is full of dissatisfaction!

Jiyang body suddenly frowned!

There are such domineering people in this world!

Thinking of this, he hurriedly looked at the test monument.

Sure enough, in front of the test monument!

A young man in white, sitting cross-legged, took the test position.

Seeing that his eyes were slightly closed, white mist spread out from his body, as if he was refining some kind of medicine pill.

Seeing this scene, Ji Yang's body sneered in his heart, secretly thinking that this person is absurd and domineering.

Since you want to refine medicine pills, find a quiet place and refine them well!

He actually ran to the test site, occupying the test position, refining like no one else.

This behavior is absurd!

And behind this absurdity is domineering!

That is not taking other people back as facts!

Having said that, this young man in white dares to be so domineering, and that is also something to rely on.

I saw seven people surrounded by the young man in white, all of them were demigods!

The white-robed old man headed by him is also a mid-stage demigod powerhouse.

These seven people seem to be protecting the young man in white!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng seemed to understand why Fengxi's three daughters did not go to the test.

The strength of the three women is very strong, and all of them have reached the initial stage of demigods.

But among the seven people on the other side, six were in the early stage of demigods, and one was in the middle stage of demigods.

If they really want to fight, the three Feng Xi girls will definitely suffer.

However, Feng Xi's three daughters were afraid of these seven people, but Ji Yang's body didn't take them seriously.

Just as Ji Yang's body was thinking about how to avoid the punishment of heaven's prohibition of fighting, and how to teach the young man in white, Feng Xi leaned over and whispered in his ear.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Master, don't be impulsive! The subordinates have secretly inquired about it. This young man in white is called Young Master Yuxu, and his father is the star master of Yuxu Star Realm!"

Hearing this, Ji Yang's body was slightly taken aback, and he was a little surprised.

The so-called star master is the power that completely controls one star realm, who can hold the planet in his hand and travel the universe.

Usually it is the power above the real **** realm!

In fact, even if it is a true god, it may not necessarily become a star master.

Like the Blue Star Realm, for hundreds of years, thousands of star master candidates have been born, but none of them can become the real star master.

And among those candidates, there are also a few who are true gods, but they all failed in the end.

With this thought, Ji Yang's body will understand why the young man in white is so domineering!

At this moment, Feng Xi's voice sounded in his ears again.

"Master, you don't have to worry about this person! Besides, the subordinates have already observed that he has finished refining the medicinal pill! It will be over in two or three minutes. After he has finished refining the medicinal pill, he will start the process. Combat test!"

"The people around here all came to see him test. He is the first player qualified to participate in the divine combat power test in the past 100 years, so those people are very curious!"

Hearing this, Ji Yang's body once again showed a sudden color!