Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It seems that the qualifications of this young master of Yuxu are also good, and he has actually obtained the qualifications for the assessment of the gods.

He ran to this test place to refine the medicinal pills, just to force people to see it, and to attract the attention of others with extraordinarily absurd behavior.

Then attract a lot of people to watch his test!

In the end, he will let his powerful combat power shock everyone around him and give him a sense of being looked up to!

Figured this out, Ji Yang's body quickly looked at Young Master Xiang Yuxu.

The next second, he laughed!

Under his peeping eyes, this young master Yuxu's combat power is only about 100,000 stars!

This is a lot worse than his weakest Qiyue!

With so little combat power, I want to run and pretend!

That being the case, he will think of a way for a while to smack the face of this young master of Yuxu, and see how he is stunned!

Having said that, Feng Xi was right, that guy's medicinal pill refining has come to an end.

"Master, fighting is forbidden here, so don't take it lightly!"

At this time, Qi Yue also reminded in a low voice.

The girl also spoke. She was afraid that her master would be impulsive and violated the rules of Heaven, and was forcibly kicked out of Lingtian Temple.

In that case, their previous efforts would be in vain.

Hearing this, Ji Yang's body smiled.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He has already thought of a good way, how to slap Young Master Yuxu in the face, naturally he will not do some stupid things that violate the rules of heaven.

And Qiyue's opening also reminded him of serious business.

"You all come here, I have something to say!"

"Oh!"

The three girls responded curiously.

At the moment, a group of people quietly withdraw from the crowd...

At this moment, everyone's attention was attracted by Young Master Yu Xu, but no one paid attention to their behavior.

After getting away from the crowd, Ji Yang took out the 'Shen Wu Dan'.

"Yue'er, this Divine Enlightenment Pill can increase your comprehension by a hundred times, and the time limit is 24 hours. Hurry up and refine it. See if you can upgrade your time talent to S rank before the test!"

As soon as the introduction of Ji Yang's body was finished, the eyes of the three women lit up.

Qiyue took the Shenwu Pill in surprise.

Afterwards, she said excitedly: "Master, in terms of time talent perception, I'm just a line away, and I can break through to S rank. With this Shenwu Pill, I can definitely promote time talent in a short period of time. !"

Ji Yang's body was overjoyed: "That's good! Little girl, then you should retreat first, and it's not too late to test your combat power after your talent has broken through."

Qi Yue said with a smile: "Master, don't worry! I have the time and force field, and it will never be delayed for long."

The anode body is happier.

The very yin body is still closed in the zero-degree space, and there is no time force field to bless it.

Now, when he returns Qiyue to zero-dimensional space, he has the blessing of the time force field, which just speeds up the refining speed of the holy soul fruit from the extreme yin body.

At the moment, the phantom avatar, who had been silent all the time, waved his hand and took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

Today, the zero-dimensional space is hidden in the body of the phantom avatar.

After doing this, the phantom clone left directly.

He is going to look at those street stalls and continue to Taobao

It was at this moment that there were bursts of exclamations from the onlookers not far away.

"Exit! Exit! Young Master Yuxu exits!"

"Great! He finally refined the medicinal pill!"

"Haha! Next, Young Master Yuxu is about to start the test, and I can finally have a feast for the eyes!"

Hearing these discussions, the corners of Jiyang's body twitched slightly!

The guy who likes to pretend is finally about to start the test.

"Let's go! Let's go see a good show!"

As soon as the voice fell, Jiyang body walked towards the crowd

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er followed closely behind.

Chapter Five Hundred and Nineteen The Gods Are Coming Out! Shocked the audience!

Soon, the three of Ji Yang's body walked into the crowd of onlookers.

I saw that Young Master Yuxu had stood up, his chin was slightly raised, and his face was arrogant.

Everyone looked at him in awe.

There were occasional mutterings from the crowd.

"Young Master Yuxu is finally out!"

"Yeah! He's about to test! I can't wait to see him test!"

"God-level combat power test! The old man has never seen it before! Today, the old man can finally witness the performance of a star field genius!"

"Of course! Young Master Yuxu is the first genius of the Yuxu Star Realm. Calling him a star field genius is nothing at all!"

"Tsk tsk! Who can be called a genius in the star field, which one is not a monster! These people are basically future False Gods, or even True Gods!"

The crowd was amazed, and the eyes that looked at Young Master Yuxu became more and more admirable.

Young Master Yuxu's expression is still indifferent, but the smugness hidden in his eyes can be seen by anyone.

He enjoys this kind of pursuit!

Even the demigod subordinates beside him were smug when they heard the praise from the people around him, as if they were very proud.

The white-robed old man at the head even stroked his beard and smiled, looking at everyone proudly.

He likes it very much, this group of people has never seen the world!

It gave him a sense of superiority.

Having said that, the young master of his family is indeed extremely excellent, and he is a well-deserved star field genius!

At this time, Young Master Yuxu was still standing beside the test monument, without any movement, as if he was brewing emotions.

There were people in the crowd who couldn't wait.

"Master Young Master! Hurry up and test it, everyone has been waiting for three days and three nights!"

"Yeah! Young Master, we have waited until now, looking forward to witnessing a god-level test, and we hope you can open our eyes!"

Hearing these words, the corner of Master Yuxu's mouth twitched slightly.

He could hear that everyone was looking forward to it!

And what he needs is this kind of effect, what he needs is this kind of attention!

Young Master Yuxu still held his posture, turning a deaf ear to everyone's urging!

The white-robed old man stroked his beard and smiled: "Everyone, please be calm! Don't be impatient!"

"I know you've been waiting for a long time! My young master's test will start soon. You only need to wait a moment to witness an extremely exciting test, so you don't need to rush!"

As soon as these words fell, a lukewarm voice sounded from the crowd.

"This senior! I'm afraid you made a mistake!"

The sound was not loud, but it instantly spread throughout the audience, resounding in everyone's minds like magic.

Even Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man were shocked!

Everyone couldn't help but follow the sound, and saw that the person who spoke was an extremely handsome young man with a supremely noble temperament.

Many people's eyes lit up and praised the good temperament!

In the crowd, those female players were even more stunning, as if they were instantly attracted.

The same is true of young people. The temperament of this young man is obviously much nobler and more handsome than Young Master Yu Xu.

Compare the two!

This young man is more like Young Master Fang, Young Master Yuxu seems to be an inconspicuous passerby!

That young man is naturally none other than Jiyang's body!

At this time, some young women in the crowd couldn't help but talk in a low voice.

"This little guy is so handsome!"

"Yes! How do I feel that he is more handsome and noble than Master Yuxu!"

"I think so!"

Many women were discussing, looking at Ji Yang's body with a different kind of emotion.

Those discussions were not loud, but they could not hide from the ears of Young Master Yuxu.

After all, he is also a rare strong person, and his strength is not trivial.

Hearing those women's remarks that he was not as good-looking as Ji Yang's body, it made him very unhappy.

He is dressed in white, his facial features are decent, he was born noble, and his temperament has been cultivated since childhood!

Therefore, he has always been very confident in his appearance.

After seeing the body of Jiyang, he was also ashamed.

Only in this way, a lot of attention in the field fell on Ji Yang's body.

Those women even talked about the polar body and compared it with him.

What's even more irritating is that he is more than losing in selling and fighting!

As a result, he painstakingly created an atmosphere of attention, and was scattered like this.

This makes him very uncomfortable!

At the moment, he looked at Ji Yang's body coldly and arrogantly, but did not speak.

An ant like this who came to watch his test was not qualified to talk to him at all!

Up to now, he still thought that Ji Yang's body was also here to watch him test.

At this moment, the white-robed old man spoke up.

"Little friend, you said that the old man made a mistake? What is it?"

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "Senior, not everyone wants to see your young master test!"

As soon as these words came out, there was an uproar all around!

Many people have changed color!

This is obviously disrespectful to Young Master Yuxu!

Young Master Yu Xu frowned suddenly, and a nameless fire surged in his heart!

The atmosphere he managed to create was broken up by this kid, and he even spoke disrespectfully to himself in public.

Is this guy here to find fault? !

The white-robed old man was also **** off!

He sneered: "Little friend, you don't want to watch my young master's test, why are you here to watch? If you don't want to watch it, please leave! No one invites you to come!"

Ji Yang's body also sneered: "Senior, what you said is a bit self-righteous. Could it be that the person who came to this test site is to come to see your young master for the test? No one is here to test?"

"Ha ha!"

The white-robed old man laughed!

It's like hearing a big joke!