Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! Little friend, what you said is too funny! Do you think that divine quality is the Chinese cabbage on the side of the road? You can see it anywhere? The old man tells you the truth, in this temple, every hundred years may not necessarily be To be able to produce a divine quality.”

"Now, the young master of my family has only obtained the qualifications of the gods not long ago. Do you think the second place will be soon? Your words are too funny!"

"The old man sees that you came here to be grandstanding and stole the limelight just because of your appearance?"

The white-robed old man looked self-righteous.

The anode body is funny!

Immediately, he said: "Who said that no one can come to the test except your young master? Do you think that in this hall, only your young master has a divine qualification?"

The old man sneered: "Isn't it?"

At this time, Young Master Yuxu couldn't hold back.

Ji Yang's main body's words are very harsh. He has always been flattered, so he can stand it.

At this moment, he couldn't hold it any longer, and looked directly at Ji Yang's body.

"Boy! You said that in this hall, except for this young master who has divine quality, there are people who have divine quality. This young master is very curious, who else has divine quality?"

"If you can find the second one, I don't mean to offend you if this young master is the first! If you can't find it, what should you do?!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone was in an uproar again!

This is Young Master Yuxu in trouble!

Many female players looked at Jiyang's body with worry in their eyes.

If Ji Yang's body can't find a second person, then his previous behavior is really a clown jumping on the beam, and it's a big shame!

Seeing such a handsome and noble brother, they naturally didn't want Ji Yang to lose face.

People always have the desire to protect the beautiful things!

At this moment, everyone's eyes fell on Ji Yang's body, wanting to see how he would deal with it.

The white-robed old man's mouth was slightly upturned, showing a look of watching a good show.

Obviously, he is very confident in his young master, thinking that it is impossible for Ji Yang to find the second place.

Divine Qualification!

How easy is it to find!

In this shrine, the aptitude for divine quality is rare to see in a hundred years!

And this temple is the common place of the three star regions.

If it is placed in a star realm, the aptitude for divine quality is rare to see in a million years!

Thinking of this, the white-robed old man also urged.

"Boy, you have also heard what my young master said. Hurry up and find the second divine qualification, and let everyone see it!"

The tone of the white-robed old man revealed a teasing attitude, as if he was watching a good show.

The six early demigod powerhouses behind him also showed playful expressions!

This ignorant boy!

He actually ran up to their young master to be grandstanding!

They are going to take a look today, this kid can't find a second divine talent, how can he step down?

If they can't find it, they will definitely take the opportunity to humiliate them and make them lose face!

This is also the end of the beam jumping clown!

At this moment, the anode body opened.

I saw him with a calm face and a slight smile: "Don't say find one, even if I find two, I can find it!"

As soon as these words fell, there was an uproar around again!

What? !

This guy said to find two?

Isn't he crazy? !

Divine Qualification!

A rare sight in a hundred years!

In the past 100 years, there has also been a young master of Yuxu, where is the second?

This guy actually said to find two!

He can't be crazy, can he? !Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Everyone is stunned!

Even the female players were dumbfounded!

Young Master Yuxu even laughed angrily!

"Boy! You don't have to boast about such a big Haikou! This young master doesn't need you to find two, you just need to find one!"

Ji Yang's body sneered: "No! I'm going to find two! I just don't know, if I find it, what should you do?"

The Jiyang body has made another army!

Young Master Yuxu was annoyed when he heard this!

But looking at Ji Yang's calm face, he murmured in his heart.

Could it be that this guy can really find the two?

impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

If it is said that within a hundred years, there is still a chance that two divine qualities can be born in this temple.

To say that three divine qualities can be born is almost a fantasy!

It seems that this guy is bluffing and grabbing a head start, thinking that this young master was frightened!

With the status of this young master, what kind of wind and waves have not been seen before?

Thinking of this, Young Master Yu Xu was determined, thinking that Ji Yang's body was bluffing and deliberately bluffing him.

This time, he was completely on the pole with Ji Yang's body!

Immediately, he sneered proudly: "Humph! If you really find two of them, it means that this young master misunderstood you before! This young master confessed to you in public!"

The corners of Jiyang's mouth curled up slightly: "It doesn't matter if you admit it or not! I don't mind waiting! As long as you finish the test quickly and make room for it! There are still people waiting behind, everyone's time is precious!"

This disdainful tone made Young Master Yuxu very annoyed!

He sneered: "Don't worry! As long as you find two, this young master will immediately complete the test and make room! Everyone can witness this!"

"It's you, it's time to find out the qualifications of the two gods? Otherwise, the young master will give you three hours. Go and find it! The young master is waiting for you here!"

The white-robed old man also quickly echoed: "Boy! Why don't you look for it? By the way, you won't sneak away in these three hours, right?!"

As soon as these words fell, the six early demigod powerhouses behind the old man burst into laughter.

In their opinion, most of the polar body will do this!

But before they can finish laughing, Ji Yang's body is too lazy to talk nonsense.

He sneered: "Why three hours? You can find it now! Luan'er, show them!"

"Yes! Dad!"

With a young child's voice, a lovely girl like pink and jade came out.

"Take a good look! What is this?"

As soon as Xiao Luan'er appeared, she took out a golden examination pass!

There is a word 'God' on the front of the token, which is extremely eye-catching!

boom!

As soon as the token came out, there was an uproar around!

"Yes... it's a pass for the divine grade assessment!"

"This little girl is actually a genius!"

"My God! He actually found one!"

At that moment, the smiles on the faces of the demigods froze, and they all stood awkwardly in place!

Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man both widened their eyes in astonishment!

But before they came back to their senses, Ji Yang's body sneered again: "Feng Xi, show them!"

"Yes! Master!"

Feng Xi took the order out, and also took out a golden examination pass!

It also has a big 'God' character on it!

boom!

The audience is once again a sensation!

Oh my God!

Another piece of divine grade assessment pass!

This time, the whole audience was dumbfounded!

The eyes of Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man are about to fall!

The atmosphere in the audience instantly became extremely quiet!

Chapter 520: Azure Dragon Star Region! Three Meteor Realm!

After a long time, everyone came to their senses!

One by one, they looked at the main body of Jiyang in shock.

This person actually found two divine qualities!

And, right next to him!

What's even more amazing is that the little girl called him 'Dad'!

That gorgeous woman called him 'Master'!

What's the origin of this man?

The more people think about it, the more shocked they are!

The air froze at this moment!

They didn't know that Qin Feng's subordinates had more than two people with divine qualifications!

Qiyue also has the qualifications of gods!

However, Qiyue refines the 'Shen Wu Dan' in the zero-dimensional space, and is fully comprehending the S-level 'law of time', so it's inconvenient to come out!

As for Qin Feng himself, it is even more exaggerated!

He is not a divine quality, but a divine king.

His divine king pass order and divine product pass order are different!

"Young Master Yuxu, how?!"

At this time, Ji Yang's body smiled and looked at Young Master Yu Xu.

Young Master Yuxu suddenly calmed down.

Everyone is looking at him!

For a time, he became the focus of the field.

Feeling the strange gazes around him, his back was like a beam, his old face was slightly red, and his throat couldn't help rolling.

At this moment, it is impossible to say that he is not embarrassed!