Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Before, he was still laughing at Ji Yang's body, but he didn't expect to be slapped in the face in a blink of an eye, and he was beaten quickly and simply!

But in front of everyone's eyes, he had to admit it!

Thinking of this, he swallowed his saliva and looked at Ji Yang's body with a bitter expression.

"I didn't expect that there are two such excellent subordinates by your side! It was this young master who blamed you before!"

Young Master Yuxu squeezed out a sentence, obviously reluctant to admit his mistake.

However, he didn't dare to care anymore.

The name of the polar body has changed from 'boy' to 'Your Excellency', which shows that the attitude has changed a lot.

The white-robed old man and other seven demigod powerhouses did the same, and their gazes towards Ji Yang's body changed.

Even if Ji Yang's body is at the Earth level, but he has two subordinates with divine qualifications, so they dare not despise him.

Divine Qualification!

Future achievements are definitely far higher than them!

"Friend, you have two such powerful subordinates born around you. They must be from the famous big star realm? I don't know which star realm your friend is from?"

Master Yuxu's tone changed, and he came to inquire about the details of Jiyang's body.

Ji Yang's body smiled lightly: "Young Master Yuxu, you and I came to Lingtian Temple just to participate in the assessment! Everyone's time is precious, you should also test!"

As soon as these words fell, Young Master Yuxu's expression froze!

This guy is not giving himself any face at all, making him a little unable to step down!

However, he also promised before, it is not good to delay it any longer!

Of course, when he inquired about the origin of Ji Yang's body, he didn't go to make friends, and Ji Yang's body naturally didn't kill him!

"Your Excellency is right! It's time for this young master to test!"

Master Yuxu said dryly, then turned around depressedly and looked at the test monument in front of him.

At this moment, his heart is incomparably hot!

The pretentious atmosphere he finally created was completely destroyed by Qin Feng, and even put him in an embarrassing situation, which completely backfired.

This made him feel a little resentful towards Ji Yang's body!

Although it is said that there are two subordinates with divine qualifications beside Ji Yang's main body, but as the son of the star master, he still has vision.

He was not convinced by this, but aroused jealousy and unwillingness in his heart!

At this moment, the voice transmission of the white-robed old man rang in his ears.

"Young Master, this old man has just detected the secret technique. This kid and his subordinates are all from the Blue Star Realm!"

Hearing this, Young Master Yuxu's eyes lit up!

right!

The old man in white robe spy on the secret technique is a must!

In this Lingtian Temple, many people can only detect the level and realm of the other party, but cannot detect the history.

However, the white-robed person can detect the arrival date, which is extremely difficult!

In fact, Qin Feng's peeping eye can also detect this information, and even go further.

At the moment, Master Yuxu's lips moved slightly, and he sent a voice transmission to the white-robed old man.

"Elder Bai, what kind of big star realm is the Blue Star Realm? Why haven't this young master heard of it before?"

"Young Master, if I remember correctly, the Blue Star Realm is a small third-rate star realm in the Azure Dragon Star Field. For millions of years, no Star Master has ever been born, and resources are very scarce!"

Young Master Yu Xu's eyes lit up, and there was a hint of joy in the depths of his eyes.

Afterwards, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly, and he transmitted his voice back again.

"Hehe! I thought they were from some big star realm, but it turned out to be just a third-rate star master who couldn't even give birth to a star master. I really don't understand, people from such a trash star realm dare to stand in front of this young master. So wild!"

The white-robed old man responded quickly.

"Young Master, it is estimated that these people are very talented, and they are used to seeing more than the top! Many geniuses have this problem! Wherever they go, they always want to regard themselves as the center of the world!"

Master Yuxu disdain: "Cut! This kind of person is too ridiculous! With such a little aptitude, I don't know how much he weighs! Besides, there are also high and low grades for the same qualifications as gods."

"People born in the Third-Meteor Realm like them, no matter how talented they are, there are limits to their talent. After a test, I want to see how their grades are?"

The white-robed old man smiled and said, "Young master, how good can the grades be from a few born in the third-rate star realm? I want the old man to see that the qualifications of these two subordinates are just 21 points, barely able to get it. It's a divine appraisal order."

"This is far worse than the young master! The young master's qualification score is 26 points, which is 5 points higher than the standard line!"

Hearing this, the smug look in Master Yuxu's eyes became even stronger!

He also firmly believed in his heart that he was much better than Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi.

The white-robed old man said again: "By the way, young master, that kid is also very strange! He asked his two subordinates to take out the token, but he didn't take it out. The old man estimates that 90% of him is not a divine talent."

"If he had that aptitude, he would have taken it out long ago and raised his face!"

Master Yuxu: "Well! It makes sense! It seems that the kid just came to me to pretend, and he did it by himself. 80% of the time he has no ability!"

The white-robed old man: "Of course! It's a miracle that a triple star realm can produce two divine qualities! How can there be three? 99.999% is impossible to have three!"

Young Master Yuxu: "If you say that, this young master can't bear the bad breath just now!"

The white-robed old man said, "Young Master! This is easy to handle! They are both god-quality talents, and their strengths are also high. You will take good care of them in this combat power test! The old man will cooperate with you!"

"Besides, these people are from the Three-Meteor Realm, so they may not necessarily pass the combat power test. If they fail the combat power test, they will have to retreat to the top-quality combined path."

Master Yuxu's eyes lit up: "Good idea!"

At the moment, after the two secretly communicated, they looked at each other with knowing smiles.

The two were secretly sound transmission, and no one around them noticed.

But they didn't realize that Ji Yang's body was looking at the two of them with a smile instead of a smile.

It turned out that the Divine Sense of Ji Yang's body has reached 150,000 miles, which is stronger than the general False God in the early stage.

The voice transmission between the two was intercepted by him.

Knowing these two people's thoughts, he wanted to laugh a little!

That young master Yuxu is really a person who will pay revenge!

pity!

This time he is going to kick the iron plate!

His aptitude score of 26 points is not as good as Xiao Luan'er's 41 points, even less than Feng Xi's 71 points, and even more incomparable to his 171 points.

As for the combat test!

It's also incomparable!

What kind of combat power is this Young Master Yuxu? The sky-seeing eye of Jiyang's body has detected a rough idea, which is far inferior to Xiao Luan'er, let alone compared with Feng Xi and Qin Feng.

This guy wants to regain his place in the combat power test, I'm afraid it will be even more embarrassing!

Thinking of this, the corners of Ji Yang's body twitched slightly, and his eyes showed the look of watching a good show!

Having said that, he learned for the first time from the voice transmission of the white-robed old man and the young master Yuxu that the star field where the Blue Star Realm was located was originally called the Azure Dragon Star Field.

And Blue Star belongs to the Three-Meteor Realm in the Star Territory, and its resources are acknowledged to be scarce!

At this moment, Young Master Yuxu finally made a move!

I saw him take out a divine grade assessment order and put it in the groove of the test tablet.

It turns out that the combat power test monument needs to be activated by the tester with the assessment order.

click!

A soft sound!

The assessment card is in the groove!

hum!

In the next second, the stele vibrated, and the whole body lit up with a dazzling aura!

Boom!

Immediately afterwards, a palm-print-shaped groove appeared on the tablet.

Master Yuxu hurriedly slapped his palm and pressed towards the groove!

When everyone saw this scene, they immediately became excited.

"It's starting! It's starting! It's finally starting!"

"Yeah! After waiting for so many days, I can finally see the god-level combat power test."

"Brother, I heard that in the God-level combat power test, the minimum combat power must reach 80,000 stars in order to pass! If it is lower than 80,000 stars, no matter how high the qualification points are, it is not eligible to participate in the god-level assessment! "

"Indeed! 80,000 stars is the minimum combat power threshold! Young Master Yuxu is the son of the star master, he has no problem crossing this threshold!"

hum!

Only after these words fell, a golden light lit up on the White Jade God Monument!

When the golden light fades, lines of information emerge.

[The "God Combat Power" test begins]

[Reminder: This test is based on basic combat power, and weapon preparations and various attack laws cannot be used]

[Basic combat power is lower than 80,000 stars, it will be judged unqualified and will lose the qualification for the divine grade assessment. 】

[The combat power reaches 80,000 stars and scores 0 points. 】

[The combat power reaches 85,000 stars and scores 1 point. 】

[The combat power reaches 90,000 stars and scores 2 points. 】

[By analogy, for each additional 50,000 stars in basic combat power, 1 point is accumulated. 】RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

[Reminder: After the combat score is measured. Then accumulate with the qualification points to get two total points]

[Those with a total score of more than 30 points in the two items can be qualified for the lower-level divine grade assessment. 】

[Those with a total score of more than 40 points in the two items can be qualified for the intermediate divine grade assessment. 】

[Those with a total score of more than 50 points in the two items can be qualified for the first-class divine grade assessment. 】

[Those with a total score of 100 or more in the two items will be eligible for the special god-level assessment. (Requires God King qualification to activate)]

[Reminder: There will be special rewards for those who perform well. 】

boom!

As soon as this information came out, there was an uproar around!

"My God! You have to score more than 30 points before you can get the low-level divine grade assessment! This is too difficult!"

"Yeah! It's too difficult! If the qualification points are not high, even if the combat power reaches 80,000 stars, you will not be able to obtain the qualifications for the inferior divine grade assessment!"

"80,000-star combat power! I can't even imagine that a prefecture-level realm can have such combat power! How can ordinary people achieve it?"

"Yeah! It's too difficult! It's really too difficult! It's amazing to be able to reach 30,000 stars like me at the top of the prefecture level."

The people are in awe!

At this moment, Young Master Yuxu took a deep breath nervously!

In the next second, he closed his eyes, and his whole body burst out!

Boom!

For a moment, his body roared continuously!

The monstrous combat power and momentum followed his palm and instilled it into the test tablet.

"It's on! It's on! The test is on!"

Everyone looked at the monument

hum!

At this time, a tick mark lighted up on the monument!