Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

That is the standard line of combat power!

hum!

The next second, the first number '0' on the standard line lights up, emitting a dazzling red light

Surrounded by everyone's exclamations!

"0 points bright! Master Yuxu's combat power has reached 80,000 stars!"

The words just fell, and the second number '1' on the scale line also lit up.

"1 point! Young Master Yuxu's combat power is 85,000 stars!"

The voice just fell, and the number '2' also lit up...

Everyone exclaimed again 3.8!

Immediately afterwards, the numbers light up one by one, and finally locate on the word '5'!

Young Master Yuxu's fighting power has also reached its peak!

Everyone around was amazed!

Oh my God!

It is 5 points!

It turns out that Young Master Yuxu's combat power has reached 105,000 stars!

too strong!

This is too strong!

At this moment, golden light flashed on the monument, and lines of information appeared again!

【End of this round of testing】

[Player's combat score: 5 points]

[Player qualification score: 26 points]

[Two cumulative scores: 31 points]

[Judgment result: inferior divine product! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants who have obtained the qualifications for the lower-level divine grade assessment]

hum! hum! hum!

Another series of tremors!

Countless red lights poured out from the monument, pouring into the pass in the card slot.

In the next second, the pass started some changes at a speed visible to the naked eye, and there was a peculiar divine pattern on it.

With the blessing of the divine rune, one can hold the token and enter the lower-level divine examination room.

At this moment, Young Master Yuxu opened his eyes with joy and took out the pass from the card slot.

He successfully passed the test!

The token is in hand!

Qualifications for the inferior divine grade assessment!

Not everyone can have it!

Master Yuxu took the token, looked back, and saw envious eyes all around.

Seeing this scene, he felt even more proud in his heart.

In the end, his eyes fell on Ji Yang's body.

"Friends, this young master has successfully passed the combat power test. Next, it's up to you!"

As soon as the voice fell, he walked off the test bench!

Chapter Five Hundred and Twenty-One Slaps the Face! Nine Consciousness Awakening!

"Congratulations, Young Master! Congratulations, Young Master!"

As soon as Young Master Yuxu came down, the old man in white robe and others stepped forward to congratulate him.

The joy is beyond words!

Young Master Yuxu is also full of smiles!

The people around were amazed!

From their point of view, being able to obtain the qualifications for the inferior divine grade assessment is already extremely remarkable.

The body of Jiyang felt a little funny!

This young master of Yuxu has only 31 points, which is only one point more than the standard, and it is very difficult to pass the test.

Next, the third exam room test, that is the hardest one!

This young master of Yuxu may not be able to pass the test.

Of course, that's all for the latter!

"Dad, I went to test!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

The little guy couldn't wait.

Ji Yang's body smiled slightly: "Go!"

"Um!"

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er happily walked to the test bench.

Her move immediately attracted the attention of the audience.

"Look! That little girl is going to be tested too!"

"The old man never imagined that one day I would be able to witness the test of several geniuses in the star field! It's really exciting!"

"Yeah! A high-end test like this is more interesting!"

Everyone was talking, all eyes fell on Xiao Luan'er, and there was hope in their eyes.

"Young Master! Look! That little girl is out!"ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

On the other side, the white-robed old man also muttered.

Master Yuxu turned his head to look at Xiao Luan'er, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly, and there was a hint of playfulness in his eyes.

"Haha! Those born in the third-rate star world, I'm afraid it will be difficult to pass the level this time!"

Master Yuxu muttered softly.

The white-robed old man also smiled and said: "Of course! The qualifications for the divine grade assessment are so easy to obtain? As excellent as the young master, it is also thrilling to hold. This little girl is even more useless!"

Young Master Yuxu smiled proudly: "I'll just watch it! Waiting for this little girl to fail the assessment for a while, let's see how proud they are?!"

"As it should be!"

The white-robed old man nodded with a smile, as if he believed that Xiao Luan'er would fail.

After all, at first glance, Xiao Luan'er is a little girl less than ten years old.

With such an older child, how can his strength be strong?

Thinking of this, he turned to look at the body of Jiyang.

"This friend, your daughter is not very old!"

Ji Yang's body said softly: "It's not big!"

The white-robed old man pretended to be stunned: "That's no wonder! You're not too old, so in the qualification test, age can get full marks, which is a lot of advantage!"

Hearing this, Feng Xi frowned slightly, feeling unhappy!

What do you mean by taking a lot of money?

The old man's implication is that the divine qualification that Xiao Luan'er has obtained has a lot of water.

Ji Yang's body also heard the meaning of the old man's words.

At the moment, he was half-smiling: "It's alright! My daughter's aptitude has always been good! This time the combat power test should not be bad!"

The white-robed old man smiled and shook his head: "That's not necessarily true! My friend, this combat power test is much more difficult than the qualification test. The old man is quite worried about your daughter!"

Jiyang body laughed!

This old guy actually looked down on Xiao Luan'er, and didn't know his confidence?

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er had already stepped onto the test bench, took out the pass, and put it into the groove in the stele.

click!

A soft sound!

The pass card is in the groove!

hum!

The next second, the stele activated, lit up with a dazzling aura, and a groove in the shape of a palm print appeared.

Xiao Luan'er pressed the groove with one palm!

Seeing this scene, everyone became excited again.

"It's starting! It's starting! It's starting again!"

"You said, can this little girl's combat performance be comparable to that of Young Master Yuxu?"

"It shouldn't be comparable! The young master Yuxu is the son of the star master! The father of this little girl seems to be at the prefecture level!"

The crowd murmured!

Many people still aim at the anode body from time to time!

At the same moment, Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man were also whispering.

"Elder Bai, this little girl is about to start the test!"

The white-robed old man smiled and said, "Young Master, don't worry! This little girl can't even reach the 80,000-star threshold of combat power!"

Hearing this, Master Yuxu smiled: "I hope so!"

He naturally hopes that the worse Xiao Luan's grades are, the better!

That way, the more he can set off his extraordinary!

hum!

At this moment, a golden light lit up on the test monument!

Lines of information emerge!

[The "God Combat Power" test begins]

[Reminder: This test is based on basic combat power, and weapon preparations and various attack laws cannot be used]

[Basic combat power is lower than 80,000 stars, it will be judged unqualified and will lose the qualification for the divine grade assessment. 】

Boom!

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er closed his eyes, and his whole body burst out!

Waves of monstrous fighting power followed her little hand and instilled it into the test tablet.

"It's on! The test is on again!"

The crowd looked nervously at the monument

hum!

At this moment, the standard line of combat power on the monument lit up!

Seeing this, Young Master Yuxu was a little nervous.

He whispered: "Elder Bai, do you think this little girl's combat power can reach 0 points?"