Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The white-robed old man smiled confidently: "Mostly not!"

hum!

As soon as those words fell, the '0' score on the standard line lit up!

Exudes a very dazzling red light!

The white-robed old man was suddenly stunned!

actually achieved?

Young Master Yuxu was also a little stunned!

Surrounded by exclamations!

"0 points! This little girl has 0 points!"

"My God! Such a little girl! The combat power has reached 80,000 stars!"

Everyone was surprised!

Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man are a little uncomfortable!

They naturally hope that Xiao Luan'er doesn't even get 0 points, but it backfires!

"Elder Bai, didn't you say that this little girl might not even get 0 points?"

"That's the old man's misjudgment! But don't worry, young master, this little girl's combat power has reached this level, and it can't be stronger! At most, she can get 3 points at most, that's a miracle!"

The white-robed old man said with oath.

He also deliberately said that it was 3 points, leaving some room for himself!

hum!

The words just fell, and the 1 point on the battle power scale line lit up.

Immediately afterwards, 2 points, 3 points, 4 points, 5 points, and 6 points lighted up in turn, surpassing the 5 points of Master Yuxu in an instant!

This time, Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man were dumbfounded!

Surprised all around!

"My God! 6 points! This exceeds the 5 points of Yuxu's young master!"

"It's too strong! It's too strong!"

"It turns out that this little girl's combat power is 110,000 stars!"

hum!

As soon as those words fell, the monument rang again!

Xiao Luan'er's combat power score continues to soar all the way!

7 points, 8 points, 9 points

In a blink of an eye, the points were on '30'!

It all came to an abrupt end!

boom!

Everyone around was completely dumbfounded!

One by one, they looked like they had seen a ghost, their mouths wide open!

Oh my God!

30 points!

It turns out that this little girl's combat power is 230,000 stars!

This is much stronger than Master Yuxu!

It can even be said that the two are not at the same level at all!

hum!

Another blast of the **** monument!

The golden light flashed on it, and the lines of information appeared again!

【End of this round of testing】

[Player's combat score: 30 points]

[Player qualification score: 41 points]

[Two cumulative scores: 71 points]

[Judgment result: first-class **** product! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants who have obtained the qualifications for the first-class gods assessment]

hum! hum! hum!

Immediately afterwards, countless red lights poured out from the monument, pouring into the pass in the card slot, and condensed three peculiar divine patterns on it.

Condensing a **** pattern, representing the qualifications of inferior gods.

Condensing two divine marks, representing the qualification of medium divine grade.

Condensing the three divine marks, representing the qualifications of the superior divine grade.

The test is over!

Xiao Luan'er happily took out the pass!

She finally got the qualification for the first-class divine grade assessment!

At this time, everyone recovered from the shock, and there was an uproar in the field!

"My God! The qualifications for the first-class divine grade assessment!"

"Horrible! It's terrifying!"

"I didn't expect it! This little girl is so strong!"

"Yeah! She is much stronger than Master Yuxu!"

"Of course! Young Master Yuxu is a low-level god, but she is a high-level god! Her points are more than twice that of Yuxu's young master!"

People are talking about it!

Young Master Yuxu was extremely embarrassed to hear this, and the old face turned red and white!

He originally thought that through the results of this time, he would suppress Ji Yang's body and others.

Unexpectedly, he was crushed by Xiao Luan'er instead!

Moreover, the rolling is very thorough!

The inferior gods are two grades worse than the superior gods, and there is no qualification for comparison at all!

At this moment, Young Master Yuxu was a little ashamed!

The white-robed old man on the side was also embarrassed!

He has been fueling the flames beside him, thinking that the young master can crush Ji Yang's body and others, but he didn't expect to be slapped in the face again!

Here, he cannot escape responsibility!

"Dad! I passed!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er had already held the pass and returned to Ji Yang's body with a happy face.

"Little guy! Well done!"

Ji Yang's body fondly patted Xiao Luan'er's head, in a particularly good mood.

In particular, when he saw the embarrassed expressions of Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man, he felt indescribably relieved.

"Master, this time it's my turn!"

Feng Xi said with a smile.

When she saw that Xiao Luan'er passed, she was overjoyed and a little impatient.

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "Go!"

Immediately, Feng Xi walked towards the test bench.

"Look! Another one to test!"

Everyone looked at Feng Xi!

The attention of the audience once again fell on Feng Xi

Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man couldn't help but look at Feng Xi.

However, they did not dare to talk much this time.

Both of them had a calm face and watched silently.

"Dad 327, Sister Feng Xi's results this time will definitely be amazing! I'm afraid these people will be terrified for a while!"

Little Luan'er's voice transmission sounded in the ears of Jiyang's main body.

He smiled slightly, showing a playful smile!

He was looking forward to Feng Xi's performance this time!

It was at this moment that a hint of Heavenly Dao came to his mind.

[Congratulations on your success in refining the Holy Soul Fruit! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, from the initial threshold of False God to the initial limit, and the basic combat power has been increased to 1.65 million stars! 】

[Congratulations on your success in refining the Holy Soul Fruit! You have awakened the ninth consciousness - the Amara consciousness! 】

【Congratulations on awakening your ninth sense! Your SS-level talent 'Awakening of Eight Consciousness' is automatically promoted to SSS-level talent "Awakening of Nine Consciousness". 】

[Congratulations on your awakening of the SSS-level talent 'Nine Consciousness Awakening', your 'Divine Consciousness Outreach' is automatically promoted to a demigod-level skill, and the scanning range has been expanded to a radius of 300,000 miles. 】

[Congratulations on awakening the SSS-level talent 'Nine Consciousness Awakening', your 'eye of the sky' is automatically promoted to 'eye of the Tao'. 】

【Congratulations on awakening your ninth sense! The Punishment God Eye (middle-grade god-level) has reached the 100% fusion standard, and it is now in the process of deep fusion]

Boom!

At that moment, Ji Yang's body felt that the divine eye between the eyebrows was squirming rapidly, and released a monstrous divine power, pouring into his whole body

【congratulations! Divine Punishment Pupil (middle grade **** rank) is 100% integrated with you! Completely integrated successfully! 】

[Your third divine eye skill, divine light of divine punishment, is automatically promoted to a low-grade divine-level skill. 】

[You once again obtained the permanent feedback of 200,000-star combat power]

[Permanent combat power feedback is completed! Your basic combat power has increased to 1.85 million stars! 】

Boom!

A shocking move!

The sea of ​​consciousness of Ji Yang's body is violently tossing, and his combat power is also soaring wildly!

After a while, the feedback was over, and all the visions disappeared!

Only then did he slowly open his eyes, his eyes were full of ecstasy!

He finally completely merged with the divine pupil of God's Punishment and truly possessed the third divine eye!

That is the heaven and earth wonders of the middle-rank god-rank, not the equipment of the middle-rank god-rank!

Its value is much higher than that of mid-grade god-level equipment!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Even better, he will be taking part in the combat test in a while!

At this moment, the talent Shentong successfully completed the fusion, which made his basic combat power skyrocket!

In the battle strength test at that moment, his results will definitely break the table, shocking the world!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is very happy!

Chapter 522: Talent Awakening! The law of time!

hum!