Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It was at this moment that the examination order on Ji Yang's body suddenly rang out.

In the next second, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in his mind!

[It is detected that your SS-level talent is awakened by the eight consciousnesses, and the evolved-level SSS nine consciousnesses are awakened, and your qualification score is automatically increased to 179 points! 】

what!

this is okay too?

Jiyang's eyes lit up, and there were many surprises!

Thinking about it too, that assessment token contains a drop of his blood essence.

During the qualification test, it is necessary to test the absorption of blood essence by the **** tablet.

After the test, Tiandao issued the token and incorporated the drop of blood essence into the token.

In this way, the pass token can only be used by oneself, and it is useless for others to take it.

In the same way, the token contains blood essence, which is connected with Qin Feng's breath.

The changes in Qin Feng's body can also be sensed by the token, which can keep pace with the times!

Therefore, Qin Feng's qualification points increased by 7 points.

His previous qualification points were 172 points.

Because SS level talent qualification is 3 points, SSS level is 10 points.

From SS level to SSS level, it will naturally increase by 7 points.

As a result, his qualification points reached 179 points!

good! good!

Another improvement!

The anode body showed a satisfied smile.

The higher the points, the greater the help for him to pass the Tianwu assessment.

The Tianwu assessment is divided into three items, namely: qualification test, combat power test, and examination room test.

The total score of the three tests is added up, and the test can be passed if a certain standard is met.

So in every test, he tried his best to get the highest score!

Now, his aptitude test has reached 179 points, which is definitely an extremely terrifying result!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body showed a satisfied smile.

Next, it depends on how many points he scored in the combat test.

But at this moment, the audience suddenly exclaimed!

"My God! Look at that woman's score!"

"This... how is this possible!"

Ji Yang's body was alarmed, he looked up quickly, and saw everyone looking at the test monument in front of him in shock, with disbelief in their eyes,

Ji Yang's body also looked curiously at the stele, and saw that Feng Xi had completed the test.

On the stele, the test results appeared!

【End of this round of testing】

[Player's combat score: 38 points]

[Player qualification score: 71 points]Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

[Two cumulative scores: 109 points]

[Judgment result: first-class **** product! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants who have obtained the qualifications for the first-class gods assessment]

[The player has more than 100 points and has reached the special divine grade assessment standard, but without the qualification of the divine king, the activation of the special divine grade assessment failed! 】

[The player performed extremely well in this round, and the reward is +50 reputation]

After reading this information, Jiyang Ontology is overjoyed!

Feng Xi performed extremely well!

Her two points exceeded 100 points, almost activating the special divine grade assessment.

Although she failed to activate in the end, she still got 50 reputation bonus.

Seeing the prestige reward, Ji Yang's heart became hot again!

What he needs most now is prestige!

Since Feng Xi can get the prestige reward, he should test it for a while, and he should be able to get the prestige reward too, and there will be more.

As long as his reputation reaches 2,300 points, he can purchase one more authority, allowing Longyuan Town to gather 10 titles of lords.

At that time, one of the hard conditions for Longyuan Town to upgrade to level 10 Longyuan City will be completed.

He can also rest assured to break through to the realm of heaven!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is in a good mood!

Now his reputation is 2230 points, 70 points away from 2300 points.

I don't know if this test can let him gather together the prestige?

Just when Ji Yang's body was thinking wildly, all around were amazed.

"My God! This woman is too powerful!"

"Yeah! The combat power test is 38 points! It means that her combat power has reached 270,000 stars! This is simply unimaginable!"

"What's even more terrifying is that her two points reached 109 points, exceeding 100 points! Almost, she can activate the special divine grade assessment!"

"The old man thought that the little girl was already the strongest! I didn't expect this woman to be better than the little girl, and her total score was more than three times that of the young master Yuxu!"

"Yeah! These two are better than the other! Young Master Yuxu is not qualified to compare with them!"

The crowd booed!

Not far away, Young Master Yuxu was dumbfounded!

At this moment, he heard the discussions around him!

Everyone was comparing him to Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi!

In this comparison, he became nothing.

Numerous harsh comments came one after another, which made him blushing and a little embarrassed.

The white-robed old man and the six demigod subordinates also showed embarrassment on their faces!

They originally cooperated with the young master to pretend to be coercive!

Unexpectedly, even though he didn't pretend, his face was slapped!

That one is harder than the other!

In the crowd, Xiao Luan'er raised her head slightly when she heard the discussions around her, very arrogant.

Sister Guang Fengxi's achievements made these guys extremely surprised!

After a while Dad's grades come out, I wonder what they will think?

I'm afraid it will scare them silly!

whee!

The more you think about it, the more interesting it becomes!

"Owner!"

At this time, Feng Xi had already returned to Ji Yang's body with a smile.

"Fortunately, Feng Xi did not lose her life! She has obtained the qualification for the examination of the first-class gods!"

"very good!"

The anode body nodded in relief.

With Feng Xi's performance, as long as the last test is not too bad, she can basically get the first-class gods.

That is the power of 200,000 stars!

Whether it is the improvement of Feng Xi's strength or the sacrifice to Qin Feng, it will be of great help!

In short, according to the evaluation of Ji Yang's body, Feng Xi has a probability of more than 70%, and can obtain a high-level divine quality.

Xiao Luan'er should have a success rate of more than 50%...

On the other side, Young Master Yuxu saw that several people in Jiyang's body were talking and laughing, and his heart was very uncomfortable.

And the comparison between him and Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er has never stopped.

This makes him unable to stay any longer!

"Elder Bai, let's go!"

All the way through the voice, Master Yuxu wanted to leave.

But at this moment, the mutation in the field regenerated.

I saw Ji Yang's main body chatting with Feng Xi and Xiao Luan for a few words, and then walked towards the test tablet.

His move immediately attracted the attention of the audience!

Young Master Yuxu stopped involuntarily!

There were muttering noises all around.

"Look! That young man actually walked towards the test monument"

"He is this?! Could it be that he is also divinely qualified?"

"My God! Another divine qualification is about to be tested!"

"Isn't it? There have been three in a row today! A phenomenon like this is rare in 10,000 years. If there is another one, it will only happen in a million years. Is it difficult, such a low probability, actually We met!"

"Maybe this is really the case! You must know that this person's daughter and servants are all gods, and they have all obtained the qualifications for the first-class **** test! If this is the case, where will he go wrong?"

"Yes! My God! A rare phenomenon in a million years! Is it really going to be met by us?"

At this moment, everyone was talking about it, and their attention was all on Jiyang's body.

Young Master Yuxu was also shocked in his heart!

Could it be that this guy is also divinely qualified?

Then why didn't he come up with a divine pass before?

"Elder Bai, didn't you say that these guys are from the Three-Meteor Star Realm - the Blue Star Realm? Why does a Three-Meteor Star Realm have three consecutive divine qualities?"

Master Yuxu had a gloomy face and whispered softly.

At this time, he was in a very bad mood!

"Uh! This"

The white-robed old man was also embarrassed!

How did he know that the Blue Star Realm was so strange, one after another super star field geniuses, all of them were much better than their own young masters, and they also slapped his old face!

The old man in white robe is also extremely bitter!

He couldn't help swallowing his saliva before saying, "Young Master, this time is indeed the mistake of the old man! However, the fact that this person's subordinates and daughter are excellent does not mean that he is excellent. Perhaps, he has the aptitude for divine quality, but not necessarily Get a first-class **** product!"

what!

Oh too!

Young Master Yuxu's eyes lit up!

If Ji Yang's body is the same as him, and it is only a low-level god, then he is not ashamed.

To go further, if Ji Yang's body can't even get the lower-level gods, he might be able to get some face back!

After all, it wasn't Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi who had a direct conflict with him before, but Ji Yang's body.