Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The object he really wants to compete in secret is the Jiyang body!

After thinking about this, Young Master Yuxu's expression softened a little, and his eyes were brighter, as if he saw some hope.

Seeing that the young master's mood eased, the white-robed old man hurried forward to curry favor.

"Young master, this old man thinks that this guy's aptitude is probably not as good as his servants and daughters."

"Why?"

The white-robed old man smiled proudly: "Young master, what do you think! If his aptitude is stronger than that of the woman and the girl, he should have given out a pass before he started. The little girl shot."

"Obviously, he has no confidence in his qualifications, or even in his own tests. That's why the woman and the little girl came forward to take the opportunity to suppress the young master!"

Master Yuxu nodded slightly, feeling that it made sense.

After a while, he sneered: "It makes sense! If so, this person is really clever! If this is the case, then the young master will not leave. I want to see, what level is he?"

The white-robed old man is also more excited the more he analyzes it!

He continued to mutter: "Young Master, maybe this guy can't even get a low-level divine grade! If that's the case, Young Master will be able to find some places back."

Master Yuxu took a deep breath: "I hope so! By the way, Elder Bai, your analysis will not go wrong this time, right?"

"Young Master, don't worry! The old man's analysis this time has an 80% probability of being correct!"

"That's good! I'll wait and see!"

As soon as the voice fell, Master Yuxu raised his head and looked at the body of Jiyang

At this moment, Ji Yang's body has walked under the test bench and is preparing to go up.

Everyone is watching him silently

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Ji Yang's body suddenly showed a strange color in his eyes

The next second, he closed his eyes and stood still like that.

Everyone was surprised when they saw this scene.

"What's the matter? Why didn't he leave?"

"I do not know!"

The crowd murmured constantly, and all rushed to doubt.

Master Yuxu also frowned slightly, wondering what medicine is this guy selling in the gourd?

The white-robed old man had a happy expression on his face and muttered in his ear.

"Young Master, did you see it? This guy stopped halfway. I guess he didn't expect that we would continue to stay and watch his test."

"It can be seen that this guy's aptitude should be far inferior to his daughter and subordinates. Seeing that I was still onlookers, I was a little hesitant, and I didn't want to take the stage for a long time."

"Before, the old man was only 80% sure that he was inferior to his daughter and subordinates. Now he is 100% sure!"

The white-robed old man spoke these words confidently, with a full smile on his face.

The more Master Yuxu listened, the more reasonable he felt, and his eyes gradually lit up.

They didn't know that in the mind of Ji Yang's body, there was a reminder of Heaven's Way.

[Reminder: Your dark messenger 'Qiyue' succeeded in epiphany! Its A-level talent "time manipulation" has broken through to the S-level talent "time law". 】

[Reminder: During the process of talent promotion, the dark messenger Qiyue automatically awakens the ninth-rank top-grade skills - time is still! 】

[Your vocation skill - perception sharing is automatically activated! 】

[Sentiment Sharing Start: You are sharing the insight of the dark messenger 'Qiyue' on the 'Law of Time']

Boom!

A shocking move!

At this moment, countless insights and information poured into the mind of Jiyang ontology madly

That is Qiyue's perception of the law of time!

Among the S-level laws, the most difficult to understand, and the most mysterious law, is the law of time!

He'll have it right away!

At the moment, Ji Yang is digesting those perceptions

At that moment, his comprehension of the law of death increased wildly along the way.

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations on your realization of the S-level talent - 'The Law of Time']

[Congratulations, in the process of awakening your talent, you have awakened the ninth-order top-level skill - back in time. 】

[Rewind time (level 9 best): The target's timeline can be returned for one second. 】

[Reminder: You can only cast it once within ten minutes, you cannot cast it continuously! 】

Comprehension was successful!

Ji Yang's body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

It's amazing!

He finally got the S-level time law talent!

Next, as long as he has the opportunity, he can combine the S-level time talent and the S-level space talent into the SS-level time and space law talent.

And the fusion of SS-level space-time talent and SS-level Hunyuan talent can get SSS-level chaos law talent.

Among the many SSS-level laws, the power of the Chaos Law talent should be extremely advanced.

Thinking of this, the heart of Ji Yang's body is hot, and he is extremely looking forward to the SSS-level chaos talent.

humming!

It was at this moment that the assessment pass on his body rang again.

Tiandao also sent a reminder again!

[It is detected that you have newly awakened the S-level talent time law, and your qualification score will be automatically increased to 180 points! 】

Another point!

The corners of Jiyang's mouth were slightly raised, revealing a satisfied smile.

Chapter Five Hundred and Twenty-Three Gold Slaughtering God Level!

Qualification points have increased!

Jiyang body is in a good mood!Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The people around were puzzled!

What is this guy doing?

Eyes closed for a while, eyes open for a while, and a smile on his face.

Before they could think about it, Ji Yang waved his hand, and the white light flashed in the field, and there was a pretty figure!

It is Qiyue!

"Owner!"

As soon as Qi Yue appeared, her face was full of joy.

"Master, my talent has broken through!"

In fact, the little girl wants to say that her time talent has broken through, and her qualification points have automatically increased to 25 points.

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "Good job! Your breakthrough was smoother than I expected!"

This praise made Qiyue extremely happy.

Then, when she looked around, she found herself at the test bench.

There are crowds all around!

Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi were also among them.

"Master, where is this?"

"This is the combat power test point! Now that you have broken through, let's test the combat power by the way!"

Qi Yue was surprised: "Okay, Master!"

Immediately, she walked to the test monument.

Everyone around was stunned!

"Hey! This... what's going on? Why is there a young girl suddenly?"

"It seems that the young man was summoned!"

"It should be! The girl just called him 'Master'!"

There was a lot of discussion.

On the other side, Young Master Yuxu also looked stunned.

"Elder Bai, what's the situation?"

"It seems that the kid has summoned another subordinate to come over."

"Is that so! Why did this girl walk to the test monument as soon as she appeared. Does she want to be tested too?"

Master Yuxu muttered again.

"This...I shouldn't! Divine Qualifications are rare to see in a century, and they are not Chinese cabbage on the market, nor can they be seen everywhere. It can't be said that the person who the kid summons casually is Divine Qualification!"

The white-robed old man muttered.

But as soon as his words fell, Qiyue took out the divine pass order in front of everyone's eyes.

boom!

There was an uproar all around!

The crowd exclaimed!

The white-robed old man was suddenly stunned, his mouth wide open!

He was slapped in the face again!

Young Master Yuxu was also stunned!

what the hell? !

Why is this kid just summoning a subordinate to come over, he is a divine talent!

What is the origin of his 120? !

Young Master Yu Xu roared in shock!

After a while, he turned gloomy and looked at the white-robed old man.

The white-robed old man is extremely embarrassed!

He opened his mouth and hesitated!

I don't know what to say for a while!

Today, his old face is lost!

click!

At this moment, Qiyue has put the pass into the card slot of the tablet!

Young Master Yuxu was too lazy to speak, so he couldn't help but look up

hum! hum! hum!

After a while, the monument was activated, and a dazzling aura lit up!

Qiyue's test is just beginning!

With the input of her combat power, the number of points on the standard line flashed red all the way, and finally stuck at '26'.

The crowd exclaimed in amazement!