After a few moments, the test is over!

Qiyue's achievements appear on the monument

【End of this round of testing】

[Player's combat score: 26 points]

[Player qualification score: 25 points]

[Two cumulative scores: 51 points]

[Judgment result: first-class **** product! 】

[Congratulations to the contestants who have obtained the qualifications for the first-class gods assessment]

The crowd exclaimed again!

"My God! Another high-class god!"

"Yeah! It's too strong! It's too strong!"

"My God! What's the origin of that person? How could he just summon a subordinate to come over?

"Yeah! Unimaginable! Really unimaginable!"

"Speaking of which, it's terrifying that this person has three such powerful subordinates!"

"Yeah! Each of his subordinates is more powerful than Young Master Yuxu!"

"It's more powerful?! It's much more powerful! Those three people are all high-level gods, and Young Master Yuxu is only low-level gods!"

The crowd whispered softly!

The eyes that looked at Jiyang's body one by one began to become awe-inspiring!

Up to now, no matter what the aptitude of Ji Yang's body, he can have three subordinates of high-grade gods, which is enough to make everyone awe!

Not far away, Young Master Yuxu's face became extremely ugly once again.

He was slapped in the face again!

Everyone once again compared him with Feng Xi's three daughters, which once again stung his fragile self-esteem!

According to the tone of everyone around him, it seems that he is not qualified to be the subordinate of Ji Yang's body.

After all, Fengxi's three daughters are all much better than him!

Countless harsh discussions continued to come!

Young Master Yuxu's face turned black!

It felt like being slapped on the ears and scratched in full view of the public, without any face left!

At this moment, there was a sullen breath in his chest, and he couldn't express it, it was extremely uncomfortable!

The white-robed old man also heard the discussions around him!

He only felt that his old face was burning and hurting!

At this moment, the voice of Qiyue sounded in front.

"Master, I have obtained the qualification for the first-class divine grade assessment!"

I saw that Qiyue had obtained the token and returned to Jiyang's body.

At this time, she was very happy!

If you want to get the qualification of the first-class divine grade assessment, you must reach 50 points or more.

She got 51 points and just got stuck on the pass line. She was very lucky!

"Well done!"

Ji Yang's body also breathed a sigh of relief, feeling quite relieved.

In the second test, Qiyue finally passed the test.

He naturally hopes that Feng Xi's three daughters can get the first-class gods to build the foundation!

"Yue'er, where are you going to Feng Xi! This time it's the deity's turn to test!"

"Um!"

Qi Yue happily responded and walked towards Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er.

The anode body went directly to the test bench….

When everyone saw this scene, they immediately became excited!

"Look! That man is on the test bench!"

"He really is also a divine talent!"

"Of course! His three subordinates are all high-class gods, and this person will definitely not be bad."

"By the way, do you think this person is also a high-class god?"

"I guess so! In short, the old man is very optimistic about this adult!"

"My God! If this adult is also a high-class god, then this time we really have a feast for the eyes!"

"Yeah! It's rare to see four high-class gods in one day, I'm afraid it will be rare for hundreds of millions of years!"

"By the way, you said that the two points of this adult are higher than his subordinates?"

"This... that's hard to say! Among his subordinates, one of them reached 109 points, and he almost activated the special divine grade assessment, and even won the prestige reward!"

"That's right! However, the old man is still optimistic about this adult!"

"Well! I'm also very good to him!"

"Speaking of which, this old man always feels that this lord is better than Young Master Yuxu!"

"That's for sure! Don't talk about this adult himself, each of his three subordinates is two grades higher than Master Yuxu!"

At this moment, everyone was talking about Qin Feng, and their tone showed respect.

From time to time, they also compared Master Yuxu.

The evaluation of Chi Guoguo is without scruples!

After all, fighting is forbidden here, and they don't have too many taboos.

Some spectators say whatever comes to mind!

But those words, in the ears of Young Master Yuxu, were particularly heartbreaking.

His face was so black that it couldn't be darker!

At this moment, he looked at the back of Ji Yang's body, and hated it extremely!

"Elder Bai, do you think this guy's aptitude is comparable to his daughter and his subordinates?"

Master Yuxu's tone revealed unwillingness.

Especially after hearing the discussions around him, he was more eager to slap his face back.

In fact, the white-robed old man also heard the surrounding discussions.

He had long held back his anger, and felt that these guys around him were looking at Ji Yang's body too high!

Immediately, he said in a low voice, "Young Master, this old man also detected the new girl. She really came from the Blue Star Realm."

"Young master, think about it, the Blue Star Realm is a third-rate star realm that lacks resources. It is already a miracle among miracles that it can produce three newcomers of high-quality gods in a row."

"If it is the fourth again, how low is the probability? Contact that guy again. He has been procrastinating and dare not test it himself. Obviously, his aptitude is not as good as his own subordinates!"

"Even, his aptitude is much lower than that of his own subordinates. Otherwise, why would he play such tricks? If he was really powerful, he would have found out in a big way."

"So, the old man concluded that he is at most a low-grade god-grade qualification. Even a low-grade god-grade may not even be won!"

The white-robed old man made another self-righteous analysis.

Master Yuxu finished listening with a sullen face.

His expression softened a little.

After a while, he took a deep breath: "Elder Bai, this young master will trust you again! I hope your analysis this time will not be wrong again!"

The white-robed old man also took a deep breath and said, "Young Master, don't worry! This time the old man will definitely not be wrong!"

He was muttering in his heart.

I have been wrong so many times!

There must be one time, right?

If it is wrong again!

He is a pig!

click!

At this moment, there was a light sound from the front!

The two raised their heads quickly, and saw the Ji Yang body put the pass into the card slot.

hum!

In the next second, the monument was activated and a golden light lit up!

Lines of information appeared on it!

[The "God Combat Power" test begins]

[Reminder: This test is based on basic combat power, and weapon preparations and various attack laws cannot be used]

[Basic combat power is lower than 80,000 stars, it will be judged unqualified and will lose the qualification for the divine grade assessment. 】

Seeing this scene, everyone is also excited!

"It's started! It's finally started!"

"Yeah! It's finally the adult's turn to test!"

Everyone in the audience widened their eyes and stared at the test monument...

Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man also held their breath nervously.

Whether they can slap the face back or not depends on the performance of Ji Yang's body.

I hope this guy can't even reach 80,000 star combat power!

that would be great!

Young Master Yuxu prayed in his heart, and did not dare to look away from Jiyang's body, for fear of missing any detail...

On the other side, Feng Xi's three daughters smiled and showed a confident look.

They know that when the master's results come out, they will completely shock these people.

It was at this moment that the body of the pole was pressed into the groove of the stele.

Then, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes!

boom!

In the next second, his whole body aura suddenly exploded, his aura was earth-shattering!

The entire hall was trembling slightly!

Everyone around was alarmed and looked in this direction.

Boom!

Immediately afterwards, waves of tyrannical combat power that covered the sky and the ground rushed down the palm of his hand and rushed towards the test tablet.

hum! hum! hum!

In just an instant, the standard line of combat power on the stele completely lit up, emitting an incomparably dazzling white light, illuminating the audience!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Immediately afterwards, the integral scale of the standard line, like a rocket soaring, lit up a series of red lights, 'buzzing' non-stop!

The audience was stunned!

Finally, the combat power point scale is stuck at '354'!

Everyone was completely dumbfounded!