Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Every eyeball is going to burst!

354 points? !

They don't have dazzling eyes!

354 points means that the combat power has reached 1.85 million stars!

That is the category of the power of the False God!

At this moment, everyone thought they were dazzled!

hum! hum! hum!

Another blast of the **** monument!

The golden light flashed on it, and the lines of information appeared again!

【End of this round of testing】

[Player's combat score: 354 points]

[Player qualification score: 180 points]

[Two cumulative scores: 534 points]

[Judgment result: God-king level! 】

【Congratulations to the contestants who have obtained the qualifications for the special divine grade assessment】

[The player has more than 100 points and has reached the special god-level assessment standard, and the player has the qualification of a god-king, and the special god-level test has been successfully activated! 】

[Congratulations to the contestant for activating the anti-god-level divine grade assessment, reward +100 reputation]

[It is detected that the player has obtained the title of 'God Killer', and the higher-level divine grade assessment will be automatically activated]

[Congratulations to the contestant for activating the God-killing God-level assessment, reward +200 reputation]

[It is detected that the player has obtained the title of 'Little Luck Master', the chance is automatically strengthened, and the gold-killing god-level divine grade assessment is automatically activated]

[Reminder: Ordinary God-killing-level combined power is 800,000 stars. The power of the gold-killing god-level combination is 1 million stars. 】

[Congratulations to the contestant for activating the Golden God-killing God-level assessment, reward +300 reputation]

The audience was completely amazed!

One by one looked at the information on the monument in disbelief!

The whole place was dead silent!

The air also solidified at that moment!

It was as if time stood still at that moment!

Not even a breath was heard in the field

Chapter five hundred and twenty-four wonderful skills! New hegemony!

God-king qualifications!

This is unheard of!

Gold Slaying God Level God Exam!

Even more appalling!

At this moment, everyone was completely speechless!

The whole place was dead silent!

hum! hum! hum!

At this moment, countless red lights poured out from the monument, pouring into the pass in the card slot.

After a while, five peculiar divine patterns were condensed on the token, one of which was even golden.

One divine rune represents the qualification of the inferior divine grade, and the second divine rune represents the qualification of the medium divine grade.

By analogy, the five divine runes are the qualifications of God-defying God-level divine grade.

One of the **** patterns is golden, which represents the golden anti-god level!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

He actually got the gold slaying god-level assessment!

This is much better than I expected!

Once he wins the Gold Slaughtering God level, he can wait to get the power of 1 million stars.

At that time, what is the Six Dao Patriarch still afraid of?

In addition, he received three consecutive reputation rewards, with a total of 600 points.

That is to say, his reputation value has reached 2830 points, and he has increased his purchase rights three times in a row!

Then the problem of the title card he needs will be completely solved.

Next, he can safely advance to the realm of heaven!

Thinking of this, the anode body retrieved the pass from the card slot.

The spiritual light of the **** tablet was dimmed, and the information on it disappeared.

Ji Yang's body put away the token with satisfaction, and when he looked back, he saw that everyone was staring at him with disbelief in their eyes.

Even Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man are no exception!

The anode body ignored those and walked directly off the test bench.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

Feng Xi's three daughters happily greeted her.

"Dad, you are amazing! You actually got the Gold Slaughtering God Rank!"

"Yes! Master! Your points have reached 534 points! Such a high point is very beneficial to your next assessment!"

Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue both said excitedly.

The two little girls adored Qin Feng.

Feng Xi also looked at her master with a smile, and the admiration in her eyes could not be concealed.

"Let's go!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and left first.

Three girls follow!

In the field, everyone stared blankly at their backs, but no one spoke.

Even Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man stared blankly.

The air seems to be freezing all the time!

Everyone has become a sculpture, standing still and motionless!

It was not until Qin Feng and his party moved far away and walked out of their sight that everyone gradually recovered.

"My God! God-king qualifications! This is the first time I have heard of God-king qualifications after I have lived for so long!"

"Yeah! This is the first time I've seen it!"

"The qualifications of the **** king, I have heard a little about it! But I have never heard of the god-killing level assessment. Not to mention, the golden god-killing level that is stronger than the god-killing level!"

"Yeah! Incredible! Incredible!"

"No wonder, the three subordinates of that lord are all high-class gods. Only a legendary figure like him deserves to have such excellent subordinates!"

At this moment, everyone sighed!

On the other side, Young Master Yuxu and the white-robed old man also recovered.

At this time, the expression on the face of Yu Xu's young master, there is no previous jealousy and hatred, only infinite exclamation.

"This man is so strong!"

Young Master Yuxu sincerely sighs!

There is admiration in his tone!

"Yeah! This young man is the most enchanting genius that this old man has ever seen! I never thought that such a peerless character could be born in the third-rate Blue Star Realm!"

The white-robed old man was also amazed!

Master Yuxu sighed: "Even my father was only a high-class **** in the same way, and it is not as good as this person!"

The white-robed old man swallowed his saliva and didn't pick up the conversation.

However, he knew that what Young Master Yuxu said was true.

Even if his own star master is as powerful as the sky, when he was at the peak of the prefecture level, he was not as good as the young man just now.

At this time, Master Yuxu breathed a sigh of relief and said, "Fortunately, I just fought with them before, and didn't have a deep hatred. This is also a blessing!"

The white-robed old man nodded with a smile: "If the young master can think like this, it would be best. Facing such a legendary genius, we can not offend, try not to offend."

"Characters like him are often accompanied by great luck. If one offends badly, he will be attacked by bad luck, but it is not good!"

Master Yuxu nodded slightly: "Yes!"

Afterwards, he shook his head and smiled bitterly: "It would be a great blessing in life to have a good relationship with this person at the beginning. Unfortunately, it was a bit unpleasant before, and it is not good for me to be shy to befriend him."

The old man in white robe comforted: "Young Master, meeting is fate! Maybe next time, if you meet again, you can become friends!"

Master Yuxu smiled: "I hope so!"

At this time, Young Master Yuxu no longer had any jealousy towards Qin Feng, some just admired and respected, even some worshipped him

When a person is so good that people can only look at them, what they often get is not envy, but admiration!

People who are jealous of you often want to replace you, and those who are close to you in strength!

At the same time, another part of the main hall.

Ji Yang's body and his group started to talk after they were far away from everyone's sight.

"Dad, we have completed the first two assessments, now it's time to participate in the real Tianwu assessment!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

The little guy couldn't wait.

Feng Xi also said: "Master, count the time, it is almost dawn in the Blue Star Realm, and the second round of hegemony is about to begin! We have to speed up the progress!"

Hearing this reminder, Jiyang body nodded slightly.

The last Tianwu assessment is the most difficult and the most time-consuming.

They really need to speed things up!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Lest the six ancestors attack Longyuan, they are still in Lingtian Temple, then the trouble will be big.

"Well, the two of you will go to the Tianwu assessment now, and Yue'er will stay!"

"Yes, Master!"

"Dad! I'm going now!"

Immediately, Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er took their orders and left

Xiao Luan'er was jumping up and down with a look of joy on her face.

The little guy is waiting for this moment!

Seeing the backs of Feng Xi and the two leaving, Qi Yue looked envious.

"Master, why did you let Luan'er and Sister Fengxi go to the assessment and let Yue'er stay?"

Qi Yue looked puzzled.

Ji Yang took a look at her before sighing: "With Feng Xi's strength, there is a 70% chance that she will be able to obtain a first-class divine quality."

"Little Luan'er is slightly worse, but there are still more than 50%. On the contrary, it is your situation that worries me the most. If you want me to evaluate, you only have a 30% chance at most."