Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue's face changed slightly: "It's only 30%! Master, what should I do? If it's only 30%, I'll probably fail the assessment and be downgraded to a mid-level god."

Qiyue didn't say a word.

She doesn't want to become a middle-class goddess and has always been a drag on everyone.

The same master's messenger, she can't be much worse than Xiao Luan'er and Feng Xi.

Seeing the anxious look of the little girl, Ji Yang smiled.

"Little girl, don't worry! I've made some preparations for you!"

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Master, what preparations?"

Ji Yang's body waved his hand, a white light flashed in front of him, and the Mirage clone appeared.

As soon as the Mirage clone arrived, he took out a silver-white battle armor with a dazzling aura.

[Extreme Moon Armor: Ninth-rank top grade. 】

[You need to master the S-level extreme yin talent before you can control this armor. 】

"Yue'er, this Polar Moon Battle Armor is a phantom avatar. It was bought from the stall of a demigod powerhouse. It's just right for you!"

Qi Yue hurriedly took over the armor, and upon a closer look, she was overjoyed.

"Master! This is the ninth-rank high-grade battle armor! With the blessing of the extreme yin talent, it can absorb a lot of damage and is a very strong defensive battle armor."

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "It's true! You quickly take it to refine it!"

Qi Yue was excited: "Master, are you going to give it to me?"

"Of course! You only have a ninth-rank high-grade retrospective sword, which will help you too little. And Feng Xi and Luan'er both have a ninth-rank top-grade weapon!"

"Master, you are so kind! With this armor, I have two pieces of high-grade ninth-grade equipment. The combined effect is stronger than one piece of top-grade ninth-grade equipment!"

Ji Yang's body smiled and nodded: "Indeed! The backtracking sword's back-feeding power is 70,000 stars. This polar moon armor is stronger and can feed back 80,000 stars. The superposition of the two is 150,000 stars."

"A piece of ninth-rank top-grade equipment will only feed back 100,000-star combat power. In this comparison, these two ninth-rank top-grade items are stronger than a ninth-rank top-grade item."

"If you own this extreme moon armor, the probability of passing the high-level divine grade assessment can also be increased to more than 50%."

Qi Yue was pleasantly surprised: "Master, Yue'er will refine it now!"

Suddenly, she thought of another thing.

"By the way, master, after Yue'er awakened the S-rank time law, she also obtained the ninth-rank top-rank skill - time is still. This overlaps with the time skill attached to my retrospective sword."

0

Hearing this, Ji Yang's body moved.

Generally speaking, the equipment with skills is the best in the equipment of the same level.

Even if it is Tier 9 equipment, not every piece comes with skills.

Immediately, he said: "Take out the retrospective sword, let me take a look!"

"Yes, Master!"

Qiyue obediently took out the long sword.

Ji Yang took over the long sword, caressed the sword body with one hand, and a white light suddenly lit up in the palm of his hand.

hum!

In the next second, the long sword roared incessantly!

Tiandao also sent a reminder

【Endless extraction success! Congratulations, you have extracted the skill from the retrospective sword (ninth-order high-grade) - time is still]

[Time is still: The ninth-rank top-grade skill can make the target still for 1 second. It can only be cast once every 30 minutes. 】

what!

The extraction was successful!

The eyes of Ji Yang's body lit up, revealing the color of surprise.

He originally just tried it, but he didn't expect it to succeed!

In this way, he has two time skills.

One is that time goes backwards, the other is that time stands still.

This is of great help in improving his overall strength.

Even better, this extraction has no effect on Qiyue's strength.

The little girl had mastered the time stop!

"Master, have you successfully extracted?"

Qiyue also saw the clue.

The anode body smiled and nodded.

The little girl was overjoyed.

"Okay! Time is precious, you go back to the zero-dimensional space first and refine the extreme moon armor!"

"Um!"

Qiyue nodded obediently.

At the moment, the Mirage clone waved his hand and took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

Then, white light flashed again in the field, and the extreme yin itself manifested itself.

Immediately afterwards, the two main bodies merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared!

After dealing with these trivial matters, the Mirage clone turned around and left, and continued to go to those stalls to shop on Taobao

Qin Feng also turned around and rushed to Lingyun Pavilion.

A few minutes later, Qin Feng returned to the High Heaven Pavilion again.

In his hand, there is a noble card and two mythical treasure chests.

Three purchase rights!

All used up!

Soon, Qin Feng found a remote corner.

He took out the three mythical treasure chests that he had purchased before, as well as the Kaitianshen card.

Coupled with the two mythical treasure chests I just bought, it can be synthesized.

At the moment, Qin Feng began to operate synthesis

After a while, there was a purple-golden treasure chest in his hand.

[Treasure chest synthesis is complete! Congratulations, you got an open sky treasure chest! 】

[Opening a Heaven-level treasure chest: 90% probability of opening demigod-level items, 8% probability of opening demigod-level peak items, and 2% probability of opening low-level god-level items. 】

[It is detected that you are the master of luck, and the success rate of your opening high-level treasures is increased. 】

[It is now changed to: 80% probability of opening demigod-level peak items, 20% probability of starting low-level god-level treasures. 】

After reading this information, Qin Feng was surprised!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The benefits of the Luck Master are once again reflected!

However, Qin Feng was a little dissatisfied with the 20% probability of opening a low-grade god-level treasure.

The odds are still low!

It seems that this treasure chest cannot be opened for the time being.

When the time comes, it will be more appropriate to hold a meeting again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the treasure chest.

Then, he took out another title card.

As long as this divine card is used, Longyuan Town will have 10 lords!

Then a **** condition for promotion to Longyuan City has been achieved.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is ready to use the divine card

Boom!

It was at this moment that a reminder of Heavenly Dao came to his mind.

[Competition area announcement: The second round of points competition in the Blue Star Realm will officially start in three minutes! 】

[Competition rules: After the end of this round, the powers with points below the top ten in the competition area will be eliminated! 】

[Competition rules: The eliminated forces will be given different degrees of punishment according to the ranking of the points in this round! 】

[Reminder: If there is a force in this round that condenses the "Suppressing Heaven Artifact" in this competition area, the elimination rules will be greatly changed. 】

[Reminder: After the Suppressing Heaven Artifact comes into existence, the new elimination rules will be announced automatically! 】

boom!

Hearing these prompts, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart!

The second round of points competition!

It's finally started!

He has to quickly complete the Tianwu assessment!

Chapter Five Hundred and Twenty-Five The Gods and Things Are One! Heavenly Power!

At the moment, Qin Feng broke the blood and blood and dripped it to the noble card.

After a while, an announcement sounded in Longyuan Town.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Jue' on Qishan Elder]

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Elder Qishan for obtaining the title of 'President' and having some management authority over Longyuan Town! 】

【The award is complete! Congratulations to Mayor Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

【Congratulations to Longyuan Town! One of the hard conditions for upgrading Longyuan City to level 10 has been completed. 】

[Reminder: Longyuan Town is still two hard conditions away from the standard of level 10 Longyuan City. 】

[Hard condition 1: The number of sites reaches more than 60. 】

[Hard condition 2: The population should reach more than 20,000 people. 】

call!

Finally completed a hard condition!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, feeling quite relieved!

The next two hard conditions, the number of 60 sites is not difficult.

In fact, if he wants to unlock the 10,000-star combat power feedback, he also needs to have more than 60 sites.

These two requirements overlap!

It can be seen that the various levels of combat power of the leaders of the challenging forces are back-feeding, and are secretly fueled by Heavenly Dao, allowing them to expand externally.

Only by constantly expanding and increasing the number of sites, can the challenging forces be upgraded, and the leaders of the forces can get feedback!

This is the invisible means of heaven!

However, Qin Feng is also so happy!

What's more, expanding the number of sites is only a matter of time for Longyuan Town, not a difficult task.

The only difficulty is to increase the population!

The hard conditions for a population of 20,000 people do not know how to complete it?

never mind!

The second round of hegemony has begun!