Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

He can't delay any longer!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked towards the Tianwu examination room.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

The moon spirit clone, the wood spirit clone, and the ice spirit clone looked up at the sky and listened to the hints of heaven.

Below, more than 15,000 Long Yuan disciples also looked into the air.

At this time, the sky is bright!

The dawn of the morning has brightened the earth!

Just now, Tiandao announced the second round of the competition, which will start in three minutes!

Everyone's passion is on fire!

"Master, in three minutes, the second round of hegemony will begin!"

Beside Yueling clone, the voice of Qishan elder sounded.

His tone was a little excited!

Just now, the master conferred upon him the title of 'Holy Lord'.

Since then, he has had partial management authority over Longyuan Town, and he has truly entered the management class.

At this time, Yueling's clone nodded slightly: "Yes! The second round of hegemony is about to begin! This elimination rule is a bit interesting!"

Qishan smiled and said: "Master, this is the situation. Back then, my Qi clan was ranked out of the thousand in the second round of hegemony, so I was punished and became a cursed force."

Granny Feng Qi also said: "My clan was once a mysterious force, and once ranked in the top three. Later, due to special reasons, in a certain second round of hegemony, it was squeezed out of the top ten and became a curse force. And lost the divine artifact."

Hearing this, Yueling was distracted: "So, the top ten forces in this round of points are the top ten mysterious forces in the future?"

Granny Feng Qi nodded: "That's right! Generally speaking, it's really hard for every mysterious force to get one of them out of the top ten. It happens occasionally in history, but it's a rare occurrence in ten thousand years. See you!"

Elder Qishan said with a smile: "This time is different! Eight of the top ten mysterious forces in our competition area have been destroyed by us! This time, the top ten mysterious forces will be changed!"

Granny Feng Qi shook her head: "No! It's not a big change of blood! It's a big change!"

Speaking of which, she was stunned.

Afterwards, she said again: "Elder Qishan, you heard it just now, after Tiandao reminded that the "Suppressing Heaven Artifact Reappears", the elimination rules will be greatly changed."

"That is the top ten forces, no longer defined as the 'top ten mysterious forces', and no longer the winners!"

"There is only one winner, and that is the force in charge of the 'Suppressing Heaven Artifact'. It will receive the title of 'Suppressing Heaven'."

"And as far as I know, mastering a 'Suppressing Heaven Artifact' is one of the prerequisites for obtaining the status of 'Star Master Candidate'!"

Hearing this, Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up!

It turned out that being in charge of the Heaven Suppressing Artifact was actually a prerequisite for becoming a star master candidate.

That being said, his S-rank mission must be completed.

And when he completes that task, he must destroy the Liudao Clan and the Daluo Clan!

At this time, the elder Qishan also looked suddenly: "So it is!"RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Afterwards, he smiled and said, "In this way, our Longyuan Town has the potential to become a 'Suppressing Heaven'!"

Granny Feng Qi nodded: "That's true! But the premise is that we must destroy the Daluo and Liudao clan. It's okay to say that the Daluo family is too difficult to destroy."

"And according to my ancestors, the Sixth Dao Patriarch has been secretly tinkering, preparing to become a Heaven-suppressing force. He also seems to have a way to combine the ten Heaven-suppressing gods into one."

"Of course, his method is immature. Otherwise, he would have left the border long ago, forcing the nine mysterious forces to hand over the divine artifact, instead of sleeping all the time."

"However, so much time has passed. Whether he has perfected the previous method is unknown."

Hearing this, Qishan, Liu Xuan and others all changed their expressions slightly.

The three avatars including Yueling also frowned slightly.

This is equivalent to the emergence of a great competitor!

At this time, Granny Feng Qi said again: "There is a more serious matter! If we can't complete the S-level mission within the specified time limit, Tiandao will judge the mission to fail!"

"At that time, Tiandao will take back the master's eight sacred artifacts, and distribute them as rewards to the top ten forces in this round, making them the new top ten mysterious forces!"

Hearing this, Qishan and the others' faces changed slightly again.

There was also a sense of urgency in Yueling's body and mind.

He took a deep breath and said, "There are still seven days left until the time limit for the completion of the S-level mission. That is to say, we must destroy the Daluo and Liudao clan within seven days! Otherwise, our previous efforts will be lost. It's all in vain!"

Granny Feng Qi sighed, "That's true! Master, our biggest opponent at the moment is the Patriarch of the Six Paths. As long as we can defeat the Patriarch of the Six Paths, all problems will be solved!"

The Yueling clone shook his head: "Defeat the Sixth Dao Ancestor, that won't solve the problem. According to the regulations of the S-level mission, we must destroy the ten mysterious forces before we can truly complete the mission!"

"Since it is to destroy the ten mysterious forces, then you have to kill the Sixth Dao Patriarch. If he doesn't die, the mission will not be completed. In the end, we are still empty!"

Granny Feng Qi's expression changed slightly: "Master, the Sixth Dao Patriarch is an existence close to the middle stage of the False God! If you want to kill him, you must at least have the strength of the middle stage of the False God, or even stronger!"

Elder Qishan was also in a hurry: "This is not easy to handle! We only have seven days left! According to the current situation, the master must reach the strength of the mid-stage False God or above within seven days, and then he is expected to complete the task. what!"

Granny Feng Qi sighed: "Yeah! That's the way to go! It's really hard to reach the mid-stage False God's strength within seven days! By the way, Master, how's your main body's Tianwu assessment?"

As soon as these words fell, Granny Feng Qi looked at Yueling's avatar expectantly.

The same is true for elders Qishan, Liu Xuan, and Lei Jue.

They didn't know the situation before, but now when Granny Feng Qi said it, they suddenly felt the pressure.

Qin Feng is the only one who may solve the current predicament!

The Yueling clone has a calm expression: "My main body is about to start the third test, the first two are very smooth, and the results are also good!"

Hearing this, Granny Feng Qi and the others breathed a sigh of relief.

Yueling clone said again: "We don't have to think about things that far away now! According to the previous information, the Sixth Dao Ancestor should not leave the customs in fifteen hours. Let's take advantage of this time to expand our territory!"

"It is best to expand the site to 60 before the Six Dao ancestors attack. That is a necessary condition for our Longyuan to rise to level 10 Longyuan City, and it is also the core condition for my body to unlock the 10,000-star feedback. !"

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan smiled and said, "Boss, when we killed the Dunkong Clan last time, we got the positions of sixteen guardian forces. Now, it's time to take action against them!"

Lei Jue also smiled and said, "It should be very fast to destroy those forces this time! Now Long Yuan has signed a contract with the boss!"

Longshan also smiled and said: "It's not only after signing the contract, even the 10-level wooden house has been upgraded. Now, our overall strength of Longyuan has improved a lot, and the combat power has reached more than 10,000 stars. Lots of people."

Hearing this, Yueling's clone also smiled.

A 10,000-star combat power represents the strength of the fifth heaven level.

Having said that, this time Long Yuan has risen to level 9 town, and everyone's strength has skyrocketed!

Granny Feng Qi's strength even reached the pinnacle of the ninth level.

Elder Qishan and Liu Xuan are both in the middle stage of the Nine Layers.

Fengying, Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong, and Liu Yuan have all reached the early stage of the Nine Stages.

In other words, there are now 8 people in Longyuan Town, reaching the ninth level of heaven.

Immediately, Yueling's clone said: "It's almost time! Let's act!"

"Yes!"

Eight disciples, including Granny Feng Qi and Liu Xuan, who had reached the ninth level of the Heavenly Rank, chose a direction and left the Floating City.

Yueling's clone looked at the backs of the eight people leaving, showing a look of anticipation.

It turned out that the eight mother-in-law Fengqi went to the station of those guardian forces.

All eight of them have maps in their hands, and their speed is above the ninth level, and they will soon be able to reach those stations.

As soon as they arrive, Yueling and other three avatars can be summoned through space and rushed to the major stations in an instant.

Then, the three avatars were summoned through space, and the disciples were also summoned.

In this way, the efficiency of killing those guardian forces is much higher.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone looked at the square below.

On that square, the disciples of Long Yuan have been divided into three groups!

Five thousand people per share!

The three avatars each led a force, and they stayed in the floating city to wait for orders.

They are also worried that in the next round of hegemony, Daokong and Luo Tian will attack early.

Therefore, they divided Long Yuan's children into three forces.

No matter when, you must leave a force to guard the old nest

In this way, Yueling's clone has arranged all the trivial matters.

At the same moment, Lingtian Temple, inside Lingxiao Pavilion.

Qin Feng has walked near the entrance of the Tianwu examination room.

At the entrance, there are four doors of light.

The first door of light leads to the assessment area of ​​the lower grades.

The second gate of light leads to the assessment area of ​​the mid-level combined path.

The third gate of light leads to the upper-grade combined path assessment area.

The fourth door of light leads to the examination area for the best combination of paths.

The fifth door of light leads to the assessment area for the combination of gods and products.

In front of the first gate of light, there was a long queue of tens of thousands of people.

Everyone held a low-quality pass, lined up, and stepped into the door of light one by one.

There are nearly a thousand people in the team in front of the second gate of light.

There were only a few hundred people in the team in front of the third gate of light.

In front of the fourth gate of light, there were only a dozen people.

In front of the fifth gate of light, there was actually no one.

Obviously, not everyone is qualified to enter the divine grade assessment area.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked towards the fifth gate of light.

At this moment, he was also a little anxious.

He and the Moon Spirit clone are of the same mind!

He naturally knew what Granny Feng Qi had said before.

Therefore, he must be promoted to the heavenly realm as soon as possible, and strive to kill the six ancestors within seven days to complete the S-level task.

Only in this way, all his previous efforts will not be in vain.

Of course, according to the advance of the S-pole mission.

If he can destroy the Sixth Dao Patriarch within the next two days, it will be regarded as a task completed within five days, and the task reward can be doubled!

"Hey! This is"

At this time, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to sense something.

In the next second, he waved his hand, white light flashed in front of him, and Qiyue appeared.

"Owner!"

As soon as Qi Yue appeared, her face was full of joy.

"Master, I have refined the polar moon armor!"

The little girl said excitedly.

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "Very good! It's faster than I expected! Let's go, let's go to the assessment!"

"Um!"

Qiyue nodded happily.

At the moment, the two of them walked in tandem to the fifth assessment gate of light.

Boom!