Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Killing the 13th-level Ant Eater General (mutant level) successfully, the bronze treasure chest exploded. 】

[Successfully killed the 13th-level ant-devourer general (mutant level) and gained +3 prestige. 】

exploded!

It exploded again!

Fuck it~!

Killing an ant-devourer general can earn 20 points!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

But at this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Announcement: The novice Qin Feng's reputation has reached more than 30 points, and he has been awarded the title of "Novice King". Qin Feng has received the blessing of heaven. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming the novice king, the strength index has increased by 20 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming the novice king, the agility index has increased by 20 points. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming the novice king, his body mass index has increased by 20 points. study]

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for becoming the novice king, the energy index has increased by 20 points. 】

A white light descended from the sky and fell on Qin Feng.

The next second, his four-dimensional index soared at the same time!

Fuck it~!

This can be done!

Happiness comes so suddenly!

Cool!

So cool!

At the same time, everyone in the 911 village received this announcement, and the whole village became a sensation

Chapter 67 The faction wins!

In just a moment, the white beam of light disappeared.

Qin Feng's strength has skyrocketed.

After he was delighted, he rushed into the ant colony.

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, he turned into a flame war god!

Wherever they go, the giant ants can't get close, and they can no longer form the ant sea tactics.

Suddenly, the sword light flashed in the field, and the fire wave was terrifying.

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

One giant ant died on the spot!

One after another, white light of energy flickers!

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

In this way, Qin Feng killed the Quartet!

Points and energy values ​​are soaring along the way!

The process is very comfortable!

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was amazed.

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng has become the novice king!"

"The novice king! That's a title that requires more than 30 reputation points. I really don't know how the boss Qin Feng did it?"

"Yeah! Prestige is extremely difficult to obtain! I'm level 4, and I don't even have 1 prestige!"

"That's right! I'm already level 5, and I've only gained 1 reputation. I got it by killing a mutant beast!"

"Fuck! Reputation is so hard to get! Boss Qin Feng has reached more than 30 points! It's too awesome!"

"Boss Qin Feng is a god!"

"Admiration! Really admire!"

"Little sister admires Qin Feng's boss!"

"Fuck~! Look! Look at the standings! Boss Qin Feng's points have reached 600!"

"Wow! Really!"

"Damn it! More than 600 points! It's already 700 points!"

"Too fast! Too fast!"

"Haha! Boss Qin Feng has completely exploded!"

"Too strong! It is too strong!"

"My God! 750 points!"

"No! 766 points!"

"Shit! It's already 783 points!"

"Fuck~! 800 points! 800 points!"

"My God! This is so scary!"

The crowd was amazed.

They can't describe how they feel!

At the same moment, ants 583 gathered at the foot of the mountain.

Qin Feng is on the verge of killing.

Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your personal points have reached 800 points. If your faction wins, you will be rewarded with individual points. 】

[Reminder: When the personal points reach 800 points, the additional rewards are changed to: 80 points of attributes, three silver treasure chests! 】

Haha~!

Cool!

So cool!

Rewards are up again!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

Of course, all these extra rewards will only be eligible for him after he wins the bet.

If you want to win the bet, you need the total points of a certain camp, and the first to reach 1000 points.

Now, the total score of 911 Village has reached 867 points, and it is only 133 points away from reaching 1,000 points.

If you count the points of Village 34 and Village 77, you should be able to reach 1000 points soon!

Thus, victory is in sight!

Ha ha!

integral! integral!

I want points!

I want to win!

Qin Feng was in a great mood, and his shot was as fast as lightning, the blade was sharp, and the blade flashed.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Giant ants have died tragically!

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

 …

At this moment, ant corpses were everywhere in the valley, and scorch marks were everywhere.

About two hundred ant colonies were killed, and only a dozen remained.

Especially after the death of General Ant Eater, the ant colony lost its backbone.

Qin Feng showed great power again.

The ant colony completely collapsed!

At this time, even the giant ants who are not afraid of death began to flee into the nest!

How could Qin Feng let it go, hacking all the way.

In a blink of an eye, he chased and killed the entrance to the ant nest.

At this moment, only the last three giant ants remained, desperately fleeing into the ant nest, all of them extremely fast.

Qin Feng caught up with one stride and chopped twice.

Swish~! Swish~!

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills level 12 metal-devouring worker ants, earning +8 points and +620 energy points. 】

Ha ha!

Two more dead!

That's the last one left.

Whoo~!

Qin Feng took another stride, caught up with the last one, and was about to slash down.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Regional Announcement: In this camp betting, the red camp is the first to reach 1000 points! Congratulations to the red team for winning! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the whole village burst into cheers!

Fuck it~!

Won!

Finally won!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

All the rewards are here!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

With a single knife, he split the last giant ant in half.

[Successfully killed level 12 metal-devouring worker ants and gained +620 energy points. 】

At the same time, something is going on at No. 77 Novice Village.

Of the three villages from the Dragon Kingdom, Village No. 77 is the weakest.