Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in the minds of the two of them.

[Competition area announcement: The second round of points competition in the Blue Star Realm is officially open! 】

[Reminder: The time limit for this round of competition is 10 days! 】

Qi Yue was surprised: "Master! The second round of hegemony has begun!"

Qin Feng nodded: "Well, we have to speed up! Try to complete the promotion to the heaven level within five hours!"

Qiyue nodded: "Master, I will work hard. By the way, Master, if the Sixth Dao Patriarch kills Longyuan ahead of time, we have just completed the assessment. Can you pass the space summon and return to Longyuan to support in an instant?"

Qin Feng smiled wryly and shook his head: "No!"

Qi Yue was surprised: "Why?"

Qin Feng sighed: "Yue'er, before you came out of the star gate, you should have discovered that the entire Blue Star Realm is shrouded in an incomparably huge forbidden barrier. It is because of the existence of that barrier that we can only come out through the star gate. ."

"It is precisely because of the existence of that barrier that I am blocked from using space summoning. I can only use space summoning again after passing through the star gate and returning to the Blue Star Realm."

Qi Yue suddenly said: "So that's what it is! Master, let's go to the assessment quickly!"

This time, the little girl was a little worried.

In case Longyuan suffered a major blow, even if they went back to rescue, it would take a while for them to travel.

That is, the time to rush back to the Blue Star Realm from Lingtian Temple.

But this delay, Long Yuan may be destroyed.

Therefore, the sooner they complete the assessment, the better.

Immediately, the two quickened their pace and walked towards the entrance.

At the same moment, in the Blue Star Realm, the Six Dao Clan stationed in the sky.

Daokong looked at the sky with a smile on his face.

"It's started! Finally, the second round begins! The deity can finally use this token to deal with the Qin Feng thief!"

As soon as the voice fell, Daokong took out a special token with a smile.

Luo Tian, ​​who was on the side, couldn't help but look at the token.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Prestige gambling order?!"

He recognized the details of the token at a glance.

Daokong smiled slightly: "Brother Luo Tian has good eyesight! That's right! It's a prestige gambling order!"

Luo Tian's eyes lit up: "Brother Daokong, are you trying to find the location of Qin Feng and Longyuanzhen by gambling with reputation?"

Daokong smiled and nodded: "That's right! There are still more than six hours before my ancestor is going to leave the customs. Before he leaves the customs, I have to pave the way for the ancestor and find out the location of the little thief first! "

Luo Tian nodded slightly: "That makes sense!"

Daokong smiled again: "It was a rest period before, and I can't initiate any situational provocation against the challenger!"

"Now, the second round of hegemony has begun. This prestige gambling order can be used. Brother Luo Tian, ​​did you say that the little thief's prestige has reached 2000 points?"

"2000 points?! What a joke! If he can reach 1000 points, that's pretty good!"

Luo Tian sneered, apparently thinking that Qin Feng could not have 2000 reputation points!

Listening to Luo, Dao Kong laughed!

"Brother Luo Tian, ​​you think about the same thing as me! This time, I will give Qin Feng a ruthless one! Just a lore bet!"

As soon as the voice fell, Daokong broke his fingers and blood clotted, and he had to activate the gambling order.

Luo Tian was shocked: "The lore versus the bet?! Brother Daokong, the lore versus the bet is a huge punishment for the initiator! If you lose, you will suffer a hundred times the punishment! Ordinary people don't dare to try it lightly. !"

Daokong smiled confidently: "Don't worry! That little thief can't win! I'll bet 3,000 reputation points! Is it possible for him to achieve it?"

As soon as the voice fell, Daokong activated the token in his hand

He didn't know that Qin Feng's reputation had reached 2850 points, not far from 3000 reputation points.

Chapter 526 Amazing combat power! Pass the check!

hum!

A bang!

The token in Daokong's hand turned into golden light and poured into his body

Boom!

The next second, everyone in the entire competition area heard an announcement

[Competition area announcement: Six Dao Patriarch 'Daokong' launched a prestige bet (lore level) to Longyuan Mayor 'Qin Feng'. 】

[The content of the bet is as follows]

[Six hours later, if Qin Feng's reputation has not reached more than 3,000 points, Daokong can win the bet and get a 10,000-star combat power reward. 】

[On the contrary, if Daokong fails to gamble, the punishment will be increased by a hundred times, that is, 1 million star combat power will be deducted. 】

[If Qin Feng fails to gamble, his 10,000-star combat power will be deducted as punishment]

[If Qin Feng wins the bet, he can get 100,000 star combat power as a reward]

[Regardless of victory or defeat, after the bet ends, both parties can know that the positions of all members of the other party will be maintained for three days. 】

[This is a lore-level bet! Can't refuse! Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan, has been forcibly pulled into the gambling! 】

【The betting has taken effect! Timing start: 00:00:0000:00:0100:00:02]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the entire competition area was shocked!

At the same moment, Lingtian Temple, inside Lingxiao Pavilion.

Qin Feng and Qiyue naturally received the information.

"Master, that Dao Kong actually launched a reputation bet against you! It's still a lore-level bet!"

Qi Yue was shocked!

Qin Feng was also a little surprised.

He muttered: "Love-level gambling! This guy is so cruel! He not only wants my position, but also the positions of all members of Longyuan Town. He wants to kill Longyuan Town!"

Qiyue nodded: "Yes! Daokong really wants to kill us quickly! By the way, master, this bet is 3000 reputation points! Is this goal too high?"

Speaking of which, the little girl looked worried.

She still doesn't know how much Qin Feng's reputation is.

Even, she has just passed 2000 points in Qin Feng's reputation, which is a huge difference from 3000 points!

"Master, if you lose, you will be deducted from the 10,000-star combat power, and at the same time, the positions of all of us will always be exposed to the Six Dao Clan. This situation is not good!"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "10,000-star combat power doesn't have much impact on me. Besides, I won't necessarily lose. My reputation now reaches 2850!"

boom!

As soon as these words came out, Qi Yue was shocked!

Immediately, she was full of surprises: "Master, this is great! You are only 150 points away from 3000 reputation! If you break some records in the Tianwu assessment, you will get some reputation rewards!"

"Maybe, you can really increase your reputation to more than 3,000 points within 6 hours this time! In this way, you can get a 100,000-star combat power reward! This is equivalent to giving you a gift from Dao Kong. A great gift!"

The more Qi Yue thinks about it, the more delighted she becomes!

Qin Feng also smiled: "The 100,000-star combat power is indeed a lot! It is comparable to the feedback of a ninth-order top-quality equipment!"

"Speaking of which, if Daokong loses, he will be punished by a hundred times, that is, a deduction of 1 million star combat power. Does he not want to live? That guy doesn't have a million combat power!"

Qin Feng muttered again.

He has some understanding of Daokong's strength, that is, more than 700,000 star combat power.

And this time, the deduction is the basic combat power!

If you are punished and your combat power is not enough to be deducted, it will be deducted as a negative number, completely vanished, turned into nothingness, and you can't die any more!

So in Qin Feng's view, Daokong's behavior is courting death!

Qi Yue suddenly said, "Yes! If Dao Kong loses, he will be miserable! He must die! Is that guy's brain okay? Why did such a dangerous thing?"

Qin Feng sneered: "Oh! To put it bluntly, Daokong has underestimated the deity too much, and I have decided that my reputation is not 3000 points. I don't know where he got his confidence? In that case, I will play with him! Let him die. I don't know how to die! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked towards the front entrance.

Qiyue followed

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, Longyuan Town also received the announcement.

The whole town was shocked!

One by one is very surprised!

Many children are beginning to worry about Qin Feng!

The three avatars of Yueling have a calm expression on their faces!

Of course, they are still somewhat anxious inside!

In this assessment of the main body, it is unknown whether it will be able to set another record and gain prestige.

There is no absolute certainty in their hearts!

At the same time, the Six Dao Clan was stationed in the sky.

Dao Kong looked proud.

Luo Tian looked at him in astonishment!

"Brother Daokong, isn't what you did this time a little risky? If you lose, it will be a hundredfold punishment! You will disappear!"

Daokong smiled nonchalantly: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​do you think Qin Feng's reputation can be close to 3000 points?"

"That's impossible!"

"That's not right! As long as his reputation does not reach 3,000 points, he will lose, the deity will be fine, and he can get 10,000-star combat power from him!"

"Coco, it's still too risky for you to do this! What if you lose?"

Luo Tian was still a little worried.

Daokong took a deep breath: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​to tell you the truth, I will launch a lore-level bet, which is also a helpless move! Some of the common prestige bets require Qin Feng's approval. Some require victory after victory. , to get Qin Feng's position."

"But my ancestors will be out in six hours. We can't delay any longer!"

"Only in that lore-level bet, no matter whether we win or lose, we can absolutely find out the location of Qin Feng, and at the same time we can find out the location of every member of Longyuan Town. Only in this way can we quickly kill Longyuan Town. !"

Luo Tian still said: "Brother Daokong, it's okay if you have to start the lore-level betting. It's just that your bet is a bit big! For example, you can choose 1000-star combat power instead of 10,000-star! "

Daokong smiled slightly: "Since we have all chosen the lore to bet against, let's be a little more ruthless and give Qin Feng a slap in the face! Besides, my ancestor hehe!"

At the end, Dao Kong revealed a secret smile.

There are some things that he can't easily say.

Only after the ancestors are out of the customs can I talk about it in detail.

In short, Daokong dares to gamble like this, that is, to determine Qin Feng's reputation, and it will not reach 3000 points.

Seeing that Daokong was so confident, Luo Tian stopped talking.

At the same moment, Lingtian Temple, inside Lingxiao Pavilion.

Qin Feng and the two have walked to the entrance of the Tianwu assessment.

The two walked directly to the fifth gate of light

"Look! The two of them walked towards the divine examination room!"

As soon as these words fell, the people in line at the entrance of the other four gates of light all looked at Qin Feng and the two of them.

"Could it be that these two have also obtained the qualifications for the divine grade assessment?"

"Isn't it possible? I've already gone in twice before!"