Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Yeah! Two women entered!"

The crowd murmured!

Qin Feng knew clearly that these people should be Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er.

"What the **** is going on today? In the past, it was rare to see people who had the qualifications for the divine grade assessment in a hundred years! Why do they appear one after another today?"

"Yeah! It's too exaggerated!"

"Would these two people run over to take a look out of curiosity? After all, the qualifications for the divine grade assessment are not so easy to appear!"

In the crowd, someone muttered something self-righteous.

But as soon as these words fell, Qin Feng took out the token, stepped into the door of light, and disappeared.

The person who spoke was suddenly a little stunned.

But without waiting for him to think, Qi Yue also took out the token and stepped into the door of light.

Those who lined up were once again amazed!

One by one, they thought to themselves, what a strange thing today!

There are four god-level assessors in a row, which is a rare occurrence in hundreds of millions of years!

But he said that Qin Feng held the token, and as soon as he stepped into the gate of light, he felt that the sky was spinning, and white light flashed around.

At the same moment, the token in his hand also turned into a golden light and melted into his body

After a while, he put his feet on the ground and found himself entering a huge hall.

There was nothing but him around!

Qiyue did not appear!

At this moment, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded above the hall.

[You have stepped into the golden god-killing assessment space]

[The death of a player in this space will be resurrected by Tiandao, but the assessment will be judged as a failure and 100 points will be deducted. 】

[After the assessment fails, the difficulty level of the assessment will automatically drop by one level, and the contestants need to continue to complete the assessment. 】

[If you die again, you will be downgraded again, and a new assessment will be conducted again until the player completes the assessment. 】

[If you drop to the lowest low-ranking assessment, you will still fail the assessment, and you will permanently lose the opportunity to advance to the heavenly realm]

[Reminder: The assessment in this game is based on the situation of breaking through the level, and the assessment is the comprehensive combat ability of the players. 】

[Reminder: Each time a level is completed, a corresponding rating will be given to the players. The F grade is the lowest, and the SSS grade is the highest. 】

[Reminder: The shorter each time you pass the level, the higher the evaluation and the more rewards you will get. 】

[Reminder: Only when the total points of the three items reaches 1000 points can the players obtain the Gold Killing God-level Combination Path. Your current points are: 534 points. 】

[One minute later, the assessment will officially begin, please prepare for the contestants. 】

【Countdown: 60595857】

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

The last test is the comprehensive combat ability!

This is his forte!

boom!

Immediately, his mind moved, and a pair of huge golden wings suddenly unfolded behind him!

The Wings of the God-Defying God are now unfolding!

hum!

In the next second, the Wings of the God-Defying God lit up with a dazzling aura!

Human-machine in one!

250,000-star combat power feeds back!

Boom!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and his combat power reached 2.1 million stars in an instant!

call out!

The next second, he beckoned again, and the Zhuxing Sword appeared in his hand.

hum!

Excalibur's aura shines brightly!

Human-machine in one!

200,000-star combat power feeds back!

In a blink of an eye, his combat power reached 2.3 million stars.

Afterwards, Qin Feng summoned the air-splitting armor and put it on instantly!

hum!

Human-machine in one!

Activate again!

In just a moment, his combat power skyrocketed to 2.4 million stars!

2.4 million stars!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

This is already infinitely close to the upper limit of the initial stage of False God.

The upper limit of False God's combat power in the initial stage is 2.5 million stars.

If he successfully breaks through to the heaven-level realm and reaches the mid-stage strength of the False God, it will be an easy task.

At that time, he may have the strength to kill the six ancestors.

As long as he can kill Liudao Ancestor, the S-level mission can be completed, and Longyuan Town can also become a force in the sky.

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart suddenly became hot, as if he saw the hope of killing the ancestors of Liudao.

He didn't know that the ancestor of the Six Paths had broken through to the middle stage of the False God, and it was more difficult to deal with than he expected, let alone to kill him!

call!

Everything is ready!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

According to Tiandao's tips, the shorter the time to pass each level, the higher the evaluation.

He naturally wants to show his strongest state and strive to pass the level as quickly as possible!

He is very satisfied with the current combat power!

Next, he waited for the examination to officially begin.

Having said that, Tiandao also reminded that there will be rewards for passing through each level.

Don't know what the reward is?

Thinking of this, he was full of expectations.

Chapter 527 Break through three levels in a row! Luck boost!

Soon, a minute passed.

Heaven sent a reminder.

【Countdown is over! Now start the pass assessment: the first pass! 】

hum!

A burst of chirping!

Immediately afterwards, a force of heaven and earth wrapped Qin Feng and disappeared in place.

Qin Feng only felt that the world was spinning, and white light flashed around!

When the white light dissipated, he appeared in a different dimension.

The sky there was so bright red, with a somber hue!

Below is an endless sea of ​​blood!

The air is filled with a thick smell of blood, with endless killing intent!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Qin Feng is suspended above the sea of ​​blood!

At this time, a gust of wind blew, and the wind was blowing!

The sea is **** and the waves are magnificent!

There are waves all around!

boom!

Suddenly, thousands of feet ahead, the sea exploded!

A troll burst out of the sea, bringing with it a rain of blood!

Qin Feng hurriedly looked away at the troll

I saw the troll, whose lower body was still soaked in the sea of ​​blood, and the upper body exposed to the sea was as high as 10,000 feet, like a high-rise building with hundreds of floors.

Qin Feng is in front of it, like an ant standing in front of a giant statue, extremely small.

Take a closer look at the troll, with a naked upper body, knotted muscles, red hair and red skin, four arms, fangs, and a hideous face!

The momentum exuding from his body is even more earth-shattering, and the magic power is monstrous!

[Evil Object]: Blood Realm Demon

【Boundary】: Threshold of False God

[Combat Strength]: 1.5 to 1.7 million stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

It turned out that this monster was called the Blood Realm Demon!

Its realm is actually the peak of False God, and its combat power is 1.5 million to 1.7 million stars.

This gatekeeper demon is definitely not weak!

The weakest level of the Gold Slaying God level has such strength, which shows that it is extremely difficult!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and clenched the Zhuxing Sword in his hand!

What he wants is not a simple clearance!

What he wants is the best pass evaluation!

Therefore, he wants to destroy the blood demon in front of him in the shortest possible time!

At the same time, the two giant eyes of the Blood Realm Demon were staring at Qin Feng coldly!

The depths of those eyes are full of coldness!

Ha ha!

Humans who participated in the golden slaughter of gods appeared again! 950

It has been at the first level for hundreds of millions of years!

There are not 10,000 or 8,000 passersby I have seen!

It turned out that this gold-killing god-level assessment area was shared by hundreds of millions of stars.

In these hundreds of millions of years, there have been many extraordinary geniuses born in the billions of stars.