Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Among them, there is no shortage of terrifying existences that suppress a large galaxy!

It is these extraordinary geniuses, most of whom performed extremely well in the aptitude test and the basic combat strength test, and they were lucky enough to activate the gold-killing god-level assessment.

But in combat, he performed very poorly, like a flower in a greenhouse, full of ugliness!

Most of them can't get a D-level evaluation in the first level of it!

In fact, more than 99% of the golden god-killing players will eventually fail the assessment and be reduced to the ordinary god-killing level!

Less than 1% of the players who can finally pass the gold slaying **** level!

I wonder if this kid in front of me will become the rare 1%?

It seems unlikely!

The blood world demon sneered in his heart!

It is not optimistic about Qin Feng!

This human boy has thin skin and white tender skin, has a noble temperament, and looks like a noble boy.

From this point of view, it is a genius cultivated by the big star realm, and belongs to the descendants of the true god.

This kind of genius is made of resources, it is the flowers in the greenhouse, and the fighting ability is extremely poor!

Thinking of this, the contempt in the eyes of the blood world demons is even stronger!

It most despises such a genius!

cut!

With the talent piled up by the backing, what kind of skill is it?

The blood realm demon thought self-righteously!

It doesn't know that Qin Feng's everything depends on his own efforts!

And Qin Feng didn't expect that his handsome appearance would cause the misunderstanding of the blood demons, who regarded him as some powerful descendant.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Please kill the blood demon within 20 minutes. If you fail to kill it within the time limit, it will be judged that the level has failed and you will be downgraded directly! 】

[Reminder: After 10 seconds, the time to pass the level officially starts. Countdown: 1098]

According to the rules, after the countdown is over, both parties can start!

Qin Feng squeezed the hilt nervously!

Get ready for a thunderclap at any time!

But at this moment, the blood realm demon actually spit out the words: "Human boy! Did your points in the first two items reach 400 points?"

The tone of the blood world demon has a hint of playfulness.

Qin Feng was slightly taken aback!

400 points?

Could it be that many of the gold-killing god-level players who come in have only about 400 points?

He has 534 points!

Much higher than this score!

"Why don't you talk? Don't you even have 400 points? Have you mastered the skills to activate this chance?"

"I heard that some descendants of true gods with more than 300 points have mastered the skills to activate opportunities, and they can also enter this test area. Come on, you are one of them, right?"

The tone of the blood world demon is getting more and more contemptuous!

Qin Feng was stunned!

He also heard the disdain of the blood demon!

At the moment, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly: "Guess!"

The blood world demon can hear the playfulness in Qin Feng's tone! Immediately angry!

At this moment, the countdown to the Heavenly Dao ends!

boom!

The blood world demon suddenly shot!

The blood-piercing claws shot towards Qin Feng wildly!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Boom!

The imposing claw covered the sky and the ground, and the sharp claw tip cut through the void, leaving claw marks and making a 'chichi' cutting sound!

The space within a radius of 100 miles is shaking violently, and the power is astonishing!

In the blink of an eye, that claw was above Qin Feng's head.

At this moment, at the center of Qin Feng's eyebrows, the looming red line suddenly split open, revealing a golden divine eye, shining with divine light!

That was his third divine eye—the divine pupil of divine punishment!

In the next second, the divine pupil lit up with a dazzling golden light!

call out!

Immediately afterwards, an invisible soul thorn shot out from the pupil of the gods and shot towards the blood realm demon!

boom!

In just an instant, the soul thorn blasted into the sea of ​​consciousness of the demon, hitting its soul body

Roar!

The demon roared miserably!

puff!

Its soul body exploded instantly!

Bang!

In the next second, the demon's body also exploded, turning into a **** fog!

The mournful roar echoed in the blood mist!

In less than a second, Qin Feng killed the blood demon!

The blood world demon never thought that he would be killed in seconds before he had time to play!

It wasn't until the moment it was spiked that it realized that it had kicked the iron plate!

The players it has encountered this time are absolutely different from the past!

At the same moment, Qin Feng was delighted!

He pondered in his heart that the Punishment Divine Eye can indeed use the skill 'Soul Destruction Eye'!

It turned out that the Pupil of God of Punishment can be used to perform all pupil techniques, and it will strengthen the pupil technique tenfold!

His 'Soul Destruction Eye' was originally a demigod skill, but with the blessing of the God Punishment Eye, the power of the Soul Destruction Eye has increased tenfold, reaching the level of a low-grade god.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

call out!

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist ahead and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Successful killing the blood world demon! You gain +50 billion energy points. 】

[Successful killing the blood world demon! You gain +30 billion Judgment Points. 】

[You have been promoted to Level 44 Judge Lord (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

The vocation has been upgraded again!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes!

Obtaining Judgment Points is not easy!

In this examination room, the judgment value can be harvested again!

For others, they have no vocation and do not get any judgment value!

For Qin Feng, this is another opportunity!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: Pass the level within 10 seconds of each level, and the evaluation is SSS level. 】

[10 points for the F-level evaluation in the first level, 20 points for the E-level, 30 points for the D-level... 90 points for the SSS level]

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who killed the blood demon in 1 second, got the SSS rating and got 90 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points have increased to 624 points]

good! good!

The total points reached 624 points!

If the total score exceeds 1,000 points, it means that you have passed the Gold Slaying God Level Exam!

It's only the first level!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder!

[Player Qin Feng performed well in this level! Get extra rewards! 】

[Reminder: Only the evaluation reaches the SSS level. To get additional rewards]

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward double the luck value! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward a Nine-Turn Divine Body Pill (Ninth-Order Top Grade)! 】

what!

What an extra bonus!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

What's even better is that there is luck value in this extra reward!

His current luck value should be ten times the luck value.

Once you get double the luck value, that's eleven times the luck value.

hum!

Only when this thought came to mind, the sky shook, and a milky white beam of light descended!

The next second, Qin Feng felt a strange change in himself, and his mood was inexplicably happy.

He knew that it was because his luck had improved!

Now, he is 11 times luckier!

If his luck continues to improve, his title of Luck Master can be upgraded.

What a nice reward!

The most important thing is that it is extremely difficult to improve the luck of the air, and it is a great opportunity to get a chance to improve the luck of the air.

This is a permanent improvement!

Of course, it is extremely difficult to obtain such an opportunity.

Few people can do it, get an SSS rating in this first level!

hum!

At this moment, the sky shook, and another reward beam fell!

A white divine pill slowly fell along the beam of light