Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

[Nine Turns Divine Physique Pill: Ninth-Order Supreme Divine Pill]

[Refining this pill can greatly strengthen the body]

[Reminder: It takes about 1 hour to refine this pill]

The ninth-order supernatural pill!

This reward is very generous!

Refining this Divine Body Pill should greatly strengthen the physical body and increase the strength again!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder!

[After 20 minutes of rest, the second level will be opened]

[Reminder: At the end of each level, players have 20 minutes of rest time. 】

Seeing this prompt, Qin Feng frowned, a little worried.

It takes 1 hour to refine the nine-turn Divine Body Pill, but the rest time is only 20 minutes, which is obviously not enough for refining!

It wasn't until this moment that Qin Feng realized the benefits of Qiyue's time force field.

pity!

He can't use it this time!

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder again!

[Reminder: Players can also choose not to rest and go directly to the next level. This rest time can be superimposed on the next level. 】

what! You can still do this!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Then, as soon as his thoughts moved, he turned into white light and entered the second level!

After a while, Qin Feng came to another world!

It was a world full of flames!

At this moment, in front of him, stood a thousand-foot troll!

The troll was covered in white flames, with a pair of huge flame wings on his back!

[Evil Object]: Blazing Demon

【Boundary】: Early Stage of False GodAlll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

[Combat Strength]: 1.7 to 1.9 million stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

As soon as the countdown ended, Qin Feng's divine punishment pupil shot out a soul thorn, killing it instantly.

A reminder came from Tiandao, and it was killed within 1 second, SSS-level evaluation!

This level of SSS evaluation is 100 points.

His points thus reached 724 points!

At the same time, he got two additional rewards!

A nine-turn divine body pill, and double the luck value!

So far, his luck value has reached 12 times!

Next, Qin Feng did not rest, and directly broke into the third level.

This time, it took him 3 seconds to get an SSS-level evaluation and 110 points.

His points thus reached 834 points!

At the same time, he once again received a double luck reward and a nine-turn divine body pill!

In the process, his level rose to level 53, and his vocation rose to level 45.

Of course, Qin Feng was able to kill the gatekeeper so smoothly because these evil creatures have a weakness, that is, the soul body is too weak, far from the same level of human beings!

The God Punishment Eye and the Soul Extinguishing Thorn are their nemesis!

If Qin Feng wants to kill a human of the same rank, the difficulty will be increased several times, even ten times!

This is also where Qin Feng's luck lies!

However, in the fourth level, Qin Feng finally met an opponent

Chapter Five Hundred and Twenty Eighth Heaven Punishment Divine Light! Double the reward!

In the different space of the fourth level.

Qin Feng was suspended in the air.

The wind is howling all around!

The atmosphere is eerie!

At this moment, Qin Feng stared at the white shadow in front of him with a dignified face, his eyes lit up with silver light, and the eye of peeping was activated.

[Evil Object]: Shadowless Demon

[Boundary]: False God's initial limit

[Combat Strength]: 2.3 million to 2.5 million stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

2.3 million to 2.5 million star combat power!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

His combat power is only 2.4 million stars.

In other words, the guy on the opposite side is as powerful as him!

If he wants to kill a guy with equivalent combat power, and kill him within 10 seconds, he can get the SSS level evaluation, Qin Feng is a little unsure.

However, the soul bodies of these gatekeepers are very fragile!

It is much better to kill than humans of the same combat power.

Of course, with the progress of one level after another, the strength of the guard demon's soul body is also increasing.

It is no longer possible for Soul Killer to kill the demon in an instant!

Just like the monster in the third level, he used the Soul Killing Thorn three times before killing it.

I don't know how many blows this monster can withstand?

Obviously, ordinary physical attacks, used to kill these demon beasts, do not come quickly without the soul-killing thorn, and it will take longer.

what!

Something seems wrong!

Qin Feng muttered again in his heart!

The Shadowless Demon on the opposite side is a human-shaped white shadow without a substantial body.

The existence of this form often belongs to the existence of powerful soul.

Is this monster different from the previous three?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's third divine eye lit up with a faint light.

Under the blessing of the **** of punishment, the power of the eye of the Tao has soared, and he has spied more information

The higher the level of the demon, the higher the level of pupil skills is required to detect more useful information.

[Evil Object]: Shadowless Demon

[Boundary]: False God's initial limit

[Combat Strength]: 2.3 million to 2.5 million stars

[Talent]: S-level Soul Dao talent, SS-level Eight Consciousness Awakening

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

It was a monster who mastered the talent of the Soul Dao and the awakening of the Eight Consciousnesses!

Qin Feng was stunned!

This monster is actually an existence that is good at soul system, completely different from the previous three!

The weakness of the gatekeeper demon does not exist in it at all!

In other words, the Soul Extinguishing Thorn probably won't have any effect on it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly felt bad!

He wasn't worried that he couldn't defeat the Shadowless Demon, but he was only worried that he couldn't get the SSS rating!

Killing a target with comparable combat power within 10 seconds, if there is no means to restrain the opponent, it is simply a fantasy!

Could it be that at this level, he won't be able to get an SSS-level evaluation?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart began to sink!

At the same time, the Shadowless Demon was also looking at Qin Feng secretly.

This human looks fine and tender, and is the same as those descendants of the true gods, I am afraid that the fighting ability is not too strong.

What's more, its means are extremely special!

Thinking of this, Shadowless Demon's silver eyes revealed a playful smile.

"Boy! You can make it to the fourth level, which is not bad! There are not many players who can make it to my level."

"I don't know how your results in the third level are? It should have been hard to get an F grade!"

"Because most of the people who broke into this level only got an F-level rating in the last level, and they all fell into the hands of the deity in the end!"

"Boy, if you want to be more acquainted, give up as soon as possible! To avoid being beheaded by the deity, 100 points will be deducted! That's not worth it! Hehe!"

Shadowless Demon Jie Jie grins!

That tone is full of confidence!

Over the years, less than 500 people have been able to reach the fourth level, and most of them have been killed by it.

There are very few people who can get evaluations in its hands!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and thought to himself that the demon was a little self-righteous.

It actually thought that it was the last level and only got an F-level rating!

It seems that the performance of the previous players was not satisfactory, so this monster has such an illusion!

However, it is indeed very difficult for him to obtain an SSS-level evaluation from this demon!

correct!

How many levels are there in this test?

It's so difficult to get an SSS-level evaluation in this level.

Will it be harder later on?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said, "I am very curious, how many levels are there in this test? Are you the last level?"

puff!

Ha ha! ! !

Hearing that, Shadowless Demon couldn't hold back, and burst into laughter.