"Haha! Human! You think this deity is the last level! It's ridiculous!"

"It seems that you spent a lot of effort in the last level to get an F grade! That's why you think this deity is the last link! Haha!"

Shadowless Demon laughed outrageously!

It is more and more contemptuous of Qin Feng in its heart!

In this world of slaughter, no matter what race it is, only the stronger it is, the more respected it will be!

This human was able to pass the level after exhausting all his strength in the previous level, obviously not strong!

This time, this human being will inevitably be planted in his own hands.

Shadowless Demon thought self-righteously, with a playful smile in his eyes!

"Human, tell you a cruel truth! There are nine levels in this test! You have only just reached the fourth level! Are you desperate? Haha!"

Shadowless Demon laughed very happily.

Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly.

He said that on purpose just now, just to inquire about the details of this assessment!

Obviously, Shadowless Demon was hooked, and he also took the initiative to reveal the information!

At this time, the Shadowless Demon said again: "Human, let me tell you some facts. In fact, you don't need to pass the nine levels, as long as your total points reach 1,000 points, you can win the gold slaying **** level."

"However, according to the rules of Heaven, if you clear all nine levels, you will have a surprise prize! Obviously, this has nothing to do with you! You can't even pass the level of the deity, let alone even the nine levels!"

"Actually, for hundreds of millions of years, less than ten players have cleared all nine levels! Humans, this is the gap between you!"

Shadowless Demon was spoken without hesitation.

Obviously, it believes that Qin Feng will lose before revealing the information.

After Qin Feng heard this, he was secretly shocked!

There are nine levels in this test!

There is only the fourth level in front of you, the opponent is so strong, and the next few levels are even more difficult!

However, the Shadowless Demon said that there will be a surprise prize for breaking through nine levels in a row, which made him look forward to it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Thank you for letting me know!"

Shadowless Demon sneered: "What's the difference between you know and don't know?"

hum!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao prompted the countdown to end!

call!

The Shadowless Demon instantly turned into a gust of wind and came to kill Qin Feng!

"Boy! Die!"

Boom!

In an instant, the wind howled! The wind is blowing!

The monstrous Yin Qi, boundless, is rolling in!

call out!

At this moment, Qin Feng's God Punishment pupil at the center of Qin Feng's eyebrows spurted out a soul thorn!

Swish!

In just a split second, the soul thorn penetrated the transparent body of the Shadowless Demon, leaving it unscathed!

"Haha! Stupid human beings! It's ridiculous that you use the means of Soul Dao to deal with this deity! The thing that this deity is most not afraid of is soul Dao attack!"

Boom!

The Shadowless Demon laughed and slapped Qin Feng wildly with a claw!

Ka Ka Ka!

The white claws of the yin wind, wherever they pass, the space is torn apart, and the momentum destroys the sky and destroys the earth!

In just a split second, the magical power of the sky shrouded Qin Feng and madly crushed it!

Qin Feng raised his hand with a sword and slashed towards the Shadowless Demon!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky!

Swish!

The lightsaber fell, easily penetrating the transparent body of the Shadowless Demon, as if it had hit the air, and it was smashed into the air!

boom!

That sword slashed into the air, directly ahead of the ground, and cut out a deep pit, the entire space was shaking violently!

The Shadowless Demon was unscathed!

At the same moment, it was already close to the front, and its claw fiercely grabbed Qin Feng's face!

"Haha! Little thief! Your attack is useless to this deity! In front of this deity, you only have to be beaten! Die!"

laugh!

The yin claws with sharp fingernails condensed into an entity in that instant, grabbed and fell down with the aura of destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

It will tear this human being alive!

Only by killing the player will it get more heavenly rewards!

Look at this, it's about to succeed!

Shadowless Demon's eyes are full of joy!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

hum!

The divine punishment pupils in Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly lit up with a dazzling golden light, exuding an extremely sacred atmosphere!

"Hey! This is"

Shadowless Magic feels bad!

call out!

But without waiting for it to think about it, the divine punishment pupil burst out a golden divine light, like a substantial beam of light, one after another!

That is the low-grade god-level skill - divine light of punishment!

Shadowless Demon is terrified!

At this moment, it was too late to avoid it!

In panic, it raised its claws to block!

puff! puff!

Two beeps in a row!

The divine light of divine punishment penetrated the claws, leaving a large black hole!

Immediately afterwards, the divine light penetrated its head again and shot it in the opposite direction, as if it had penetrated a thin layer of paper, leaving a large burnt hole!

Ow!

how can that be!

A terrifying roar!

The Shadowless Demon collapsed with a bang!

It turned into a white fog and began to dissipate!

Just like that, the Shadowless Demon was killed!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

It turned out that the divine light of punishment from the heavens to the sun is just right, it is the nemesis of all ghosts and demons, and it is also the nemesis of shadowless demons!

Because of this, he can easily kill the Shadowless Demon!

This is not due to Qin Feng's luck!

hum!

The next second, a dazzling white light flew out of the white fog and poured into Qin Feng's body

[Killing the gatekeeper and shadowless demon successfully! You gain +80 billion energy points. 】

[Killing the gatekeeper and shadowless demon successfully! You gain +60 billion Judgment Points. 】

[You have been promoted to Level 46 Judge Lord (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

The vocation has leveled up again!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who killed the Shadowless Demon within 3 seconds, got the SSS rating and got 120 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points have increased to 954 points]

The total points reached 954 points!

Only 46 points away from the qualified line of 1000 points!

Qin Feng is in a good mood!

As long as he gets a good evaluation in the next level, he will be able to win the Gold Slaying God Rank.

Of course, what he wants is to pass all nine levels!

He was very curious, what surprises will there be after all the customs are cleared?

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Player Qin Feng performed well in this level! Get extra rewards! 】

[Reminder: Additional rewards can only be obtained if the evaluation reaches SSS level]

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward double the luck value! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward a Nine-Turn Divine Body Pill (Ninth-Order Top Grade)! 】

[Congratulations, you are the third player, the first four levels have all received SSS-level evaluation, you have gained +50 reputation points]

[Congratulations, you are the third player, the first four levels have all been rated SSS, your extra reward is doubled (reputation reward remains unchanged)]

[Reminder: Only those who enter the top three achievement records can get double the reward]

【Your additional rewards are changed as follows】

【You get twice the luck value】

[You have obtained two nine-turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)]

what!

The reward has been doubled!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

It turns out that the top three recorders can also double the reward!

This is really good news!

Even better, he was finally rewarded with prestige.

This made him see the hope of winning the prestige bet!

If he wins, can Dao Kong still live?