Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, the corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly.

hum!

At this time, the sky oscillated, and two milky white air beams of light descended continuously, pouring into the top of Qin Feng's head.

He felt so happy!

Luck has improved invisibly!

Before he knew it, his luck increased to 15 times.

Afterwards, Tiandao rewarded two more Divine Physique Pills, and his reputation increased by 50 points.

As a result, his reputation value has reached 2900 points.

The Jiuzhuan Divine Physique Pill in his hand has reached 5.

Then, Tiandao sent another reminder!

[After 20 minutes of rest, the fifth level will be opened]

[Reminder: At the end of each level, players have 20 minutes of rest time. 】

[Reminder: Players can choose not to rest and go directly to the next level. This rest time is superimposed on the next level. Your rest time has accumulated to 80 minutes. 】

Qin Feng's thoughts turned into white light and entered the fifth level!

He wants to clear the customs as soon as possible so that he can return to the Blue Star Realm as soon as possible!

Chapter Five Hundred and Twenty Nine The Chance of Emperor Domination! activation!

Soon, Qin Feng came to the different space of the fifth level.

It was a world surrounded by white light, with no sky, no earth, and no gravity!

It is very strange that people can't tell the difference between up and down, left and right, east, west, north and south!

At this moment, Qin Feng is staring at the stalwart figure ahead!

It was a strange man with dragon horns on his head and body, white scales on his neck, two wings on his back, and a height of about ten feet.

[Evil Object]: White Scaled Dragon Demon

[Boundary]: False God mid-term threshold

[Combat Strength]: 2.5 million to 2.7 million stars

[Talent]: S-level space law, SS-level dragon blood talent

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

hiss!

The gate-keeper monsters in this fifth level have a combat power of 2.5 million to 2.7 million, which is already the threshold of the mid-term virtual god.

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath!

This combat power is stronger than him!

Fortunately, the white-scale dragon demon is a gatekeeper demon, and its soul body is weaker than that of humans of the same rank.

According to Qin Feng's judgment, its soul level should belong to the early stage of False God, which is weaker than its combat power level.

And his Soul Extinguishing thorn still has a strong destructive power to the False God's initial soul body.

However, this white-scale dragon demon has mastered the S-level space talent and the SS-level dragon blood talent, and its comprehensive strength is extremely strong!

This time, Qin Feng has no idea whether he can kill the opponent within 10 seconds and get the SSS rating.

At the same moment, the white-scale dragon demon also stared at Qin Feng coldly, without the slightest emotion in his eyes.

In these hundreds of millions of years, less than a hundred people have been able to break through it.

But there were only 17 people who broke through it.

The boy in front of me!

It definitely won't make it the 18th!

hum!

At this moment, Tiandao prompted the countdown to end.

call out!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Qin Feng took the first shot, and with a teleport, he arrived behind the White Scaled Dragon Demon.

call out!

At this moment, the white-scale dragon demon also teleported and appeared behind Qin Feng in an instant.

Qin Feng couldn't help but be stunned!

He didn't expect that the space skill that Dragon Demon comprehends was also teleportation.

At the same moment, the White Scaled Dragon Demon was smug!

It's all too familiar with space teleportation.

This skill cannot be cast continuously, and every cast must be separated by 1 second!

That is to say, teleportation is teleportation, and it is only the latter that can control the enemy!

But just when the White Scaled Dragon Demon was proud, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

I saw Qin Feng hand up a seal!

hum!

Suddenly, the heavens and the earth roared!

The flow of time around the world is strangely reversed!

In the next breath, the White Scaled Dragon Demon was horrified to find that the surrounding scenery was actually going backwards, and it returned strangely to the position it was a second ago!

This time, it became Qin Feng behind it!

This is exactly Qin Feng's time skill - back in time!

Swish!

Before the White Scaled Dragon Demon could react, Qin Feng slashed at the back of its head with a sword!

"Damn!"

The White Scaled Dragon Demon was furious!

It did not expect that this human being not only mastered the laws of space, but also mastered the laws of time!

At this moment, it cannot teleport to avoid Qin Feng's sneak attack!

boom!

In a critical moment, its whole body burst out!

The power of monstrous blood radiates from it, earth-shattering!

click! click! click!

Immediately afterwards, at a speed visible to the flesh, it produced pieces of white dragon scales, like a suit of armor!

SS-level dragon blood talent explodes!

Inherited Skill - Dragon Scale Armor!

In just an instant, the dragon demon released the dragon scale armor, and he breathed a sigh of relief!

The combat power of this human being has been clearly figured out, that is, about 2.4 million stars, and it has not yet reached the threshold of the mid-stage False God!

And its dragon scale armor, the defense is super powerful!

It can completely resist the full blow of 3 million star combat power!

This little thief has only 2.4 million combat power, what can he do to break its defense?

At this thought, the dragon demon was settled in his heart, and his eyes were full of disdain!

At this moment, Qin Feng's Xing Xing Sword fell!

That low-grade Divine Sword lit up with golden light shining through the sky, and the sword energy continued to the sky!

hum!

At that very moment!

The law of killing! The Law of Destruction! Extreme Yang Law! Open Heaven! The law of blood! law of confusion

The power of the law is activated, and the layers are superimposed on that sword!

The power of that sword suddenly surpassed the mid-stage threshold of the False God, reaching an extremely terrifying level!

Swish!

That sword slashed fiercely on the back of the White Scaled Dragon Demon!

when!

A sound of gold and iron!

Sparks fly!

Scales flying!

That sword slashed the dragon scales, leaving a shallow bloodstain on the back of the dragon demon!

Roar!

The dragon demon eats pain and roars in the sky!

how can that be? !

Isn't this kid's combat power 2.4 million stars?

How could he break through his dragon scale armor?

At this moment, the dragon demon was extremely shocked!

Qin Feng was also surprised!

This monster's defense is amazing!

His sword was just enough to break the defense, but it did not cause substantial damage to the dragon demon!

Since one sword is ineffective, then another sword!

Swish!

Qin Feng's second sword fell!

At the same moment, the dragon demon also slowed down.

As soon as he heard the sound of sword energy breaking through the air behind him, it was horrified, and it was about to use teleportation to escape.

call out!

At this moment, Qin Feng's divine punishment pupil flashed golden light!

The soul-killing stimuli shot out instantly!

boom!

The dragon demon was suddenly shocked!

Soul Body Wounded!

Its consciousness was in a trance for a moment!

Qin Feng's time is reversed, and he can only perform it once in ten minutes.

In order to immobilize the dragon demon, he could only cast the soul-killing thorn.

Likewise, the Soul Killing Thorn cannot be used continuously, and each use is separated by three seconds.

At the moment when the Dragon Demon's consciousness was in a trance, the Sword of Xing Zhu fell again!