Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Swish!

puff! click!

Blood splashes!

Scales fly!

Roar!

The dragon demon roared in pain!

The second sword slashed at the wound of the first sword, and actually cut out a half-foot-deep wound. Bone was deep, and blood shot out!

It hasn't even been split!

Qin Feng was a little surprised!

The physical defense of this dragon demon is really amazing!

The strength of its soul body is also extremely powerful. Under the attack of the soul thorn, it only wakes up after being in a trance!

When he woke up, the dragon demon was extremely horrified!

OMG!

This human being has too many talents!

He even mastered the soul-killing thorn of the soul-dao talent!

That is the nemesis of their guarding the demon!

However, it still holds up!

According to its understanding, the soul-killing thorn cannot be used continuously.

This time, it should be out of the woods!

With this in mind, it wants to use teleportation to escape!

This time, it has to run away from this kid far away, adopting a defensive counter-attack mode to last for 20 minutes.

As long as it lasts 20 minutes, it wins!

With this in mind, the dragon demon will cast teleportation!

hum!

But at this moment, Qin Feng used the time skill - time is still!

The dragon demon was once again set in place!

At that moment, it felt that the whole world was still!

But behind it, there was the sound of sword energy breaking through the air again!

Swish!

Qin Feng slashed at the wound with another sword!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

This time, Qin Feng finally split the dragon demon into two halves with one sword!

Ow!

Terrible dragon roar! resounded throughout the space!

Shake the whole world!

The next second, a white light flew out from the corpse and poured into Qin Feng's body

[Successful killing the White Scale Dragon Demon! You gain +90 billion energy points. 】

[Successful killing the White Scale Dragon Demon! You gain +70 billion Judgment Points. 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 54! 】

【Your strength index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 500 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 500 points! 】

【You get 200 free attributes! 】

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who killed the white scale dragon demon within 5 seconds, got the SSS rating and got 130 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points have increased to 1084 points]

Ha ha!

The total points finally broke 1000 points!

The Gold Slaughtering God-level Combination has been secured!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Player Qin Feng received an SSS rating in this level! Got an extra bonus! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward double the luck value! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward a Nine-Turn Divine Body Pill (Ninth-Order Top Grade)! 】

[Congratulations, you are the second player who has been rated SSS for five consecutive levels, you have gained +70 reputation points]

Qin Feng's eyes shine again!

Another 70 reputation points!

Then his total reputation has reached 2970 points, one step closer to the goal of 3000 points!

Prestige bet to win, his victory is in sight!

Daokong is not far from death!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Congratulations, you are the second player who has obtained the SSS rating in five consecutive levels, your extra reward will be tripled (reputation rewards remain unchanged)]

【Your additional rewards are changed as follows】

【You got triple luck value】

[You have obtained three nine-turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)]

good! good!

It turns out that the second record-breaker will be rewarded more generously!

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

hum!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and three pillars of luck light fell!

At the moment, Qin Feng's luck has been continuously improved!

That wonderful feeling spread all over the body again!

In a blink of an eye, his luck has reached 18 times!

Later, Tiandao rewarded 3 Jiuzhuan Divine Physique Pills!

As a result, the nine-turn Divine Physique Pill in his hand has reached 8, and the harvest can be said to be extremely rich!

[It is detected that the player's points have exceeded 1000 points, but the level has not been completed, and the performance is extremely excellent]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, you have successfully activated the higher-level God-killing God-killing level opportunity mission - Emperor God-killing God-level! 】

[Emperor Slaughtering God Rank: One level higher than the Gold Slaughtering God Rank, the power of joining forces reaches 1.2 million stars. 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with ecstasy!

Emperor tyrant kills **** level!

1.2 million stars of the power of harmony!

That's 200,000-star combat power higher than the Gold Slaughtering God-level!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart suddenly became hot!

[Task content: Players need to score more than 1,700 points in the next stage to pass the level in order to obtain the emperor-killing god-level combination! 】

Qin Feng was shocked!

More than 1700 points!

He is only 1084 points now, a difference of 616 points!

However, according to the current rules.

10 points will be added for each SSS level evaluation of the next level.

The SSS level of this fifth level is 130 points.

The SSS level of the sixth level is 140 points.

The SSS level of the seventh level is 150 points.

The SSS level of the eighth level is 160 points.

The SSS level of the ninth level is 170 points.

That is to say, with the remaining four levels, he can reach a maximum of 620 points, which is almost exactly the goal!

In other words, in the next four levels, he must get all the SSS grade evaluations before he can get the Emperor Domination and God Killing Grade Combined Dao!

Oh my God!

This is too difficult!

In this fifth level, it took him 5 seconds to kill the dragon demon.

If the strength of the dragon demon's soul body can be compared with the powerhouse of the same rank, I am afraid that the dragon demon will teleport away.

Whether he can kill the Dragon Demon within 10 seconds is hard to say.

And the next four levels of monsters will only be stronger than one 3.9, and the strength of the soul body is also stronger than one.

The advantage of his soul-killing thorn will quickly weaken until it disappears!

If he wants to get all SSS-level evaluations, it is simply a fantasy!

"Since the opportunity has been activated, I can't give up! No matter what, I have to give it a try!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

But his character is tough, and he will never give up easily!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[After 20 minutes of rest, the sixth level will be opened]

[Reminder: At the end of each level, players have 20 minutes of rest time. 】

[Reminder: Players can choose not to rest and go directly to the next level. 】

[This rest time is superimposed on the next level. Your rest time has accumulated to 100 minutes. 】

By the way, there are already 8 Jiuzhuan Divine Physique Pills in his hand. It is time to refine some first and improve some strength!

When he thinks of the chance of emperor hegemony, Qin Feng is very concerned about the evaluation of the sixth level!

In the next level, he must get the SSS level!

Therefore, he should also improve his strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng chose to rest in place.

However, it takes 1 hour to refine a Nine-Turn Divine Body Pill.