Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

8 is 8 hours!

Although Tiandao gave rewards, it also compressed the rest time and did not give players enough refining time.

This is also a disguised test of Heaven!

However, this kind of test is not difficult for Qin Feng!

As soon as his mind moved, he was divided into two, two divided into four, and four divided into eight.

In a blink of an eye, he split into eight Qin Fengs.

Afterwards, each Qin Feng took out a nine-turn Divine Body Pill, swallowed it directly, and began to refine it cross-legged.

Chapter Five Hundred and Thirty Coffin Mummified Corpse! Ten messengers!

In this way, Qin Feng, in the fifth level, made all his efforts to refine the Jiuzhuan Divine Pill.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, the first division.

The expedition of Longyuan Town to the outside world has been going on all the time.

Today, Longyuan Town has captured three new sites.

However, Qin Feng was in the assessment space, and all the combat power and point feedback were blocked by Heavenly Dao.

Only when he completes the assessment and walks out of the examination room will he get those feedbacks.

In other words, he still has a lot of hidden gains waiting for him to collect

On the other side, the Six Dao clan stationed in the sky.

Daokong and Luo Tian were still chatting.

At this moment, Dao Kong was chatting and laughing, and he was not worried about gambling at all.

Swish!

At this moment, light and shadow flashed in the field, and there was a middle-aged man wearing a green robe.

That man has a strong aura, and he is suddenly a mid-stage demigod powerhouse!

"Patriarch!"

As soon as the man appeared, he bowed respectfully to Daokong.

"Yan Tai Shang, how is the situation?"

Daokong looked at the man.

It turned out that this man was the chief Taishang of the Six Dao Clan - Daoyan!

Daoyan said with a smile on his face: "Patriarch, Patriarch's awakening is very smooth! Just now, he also exchanged ideas with me. If it goes well, he will be able to leave the customs in five hours!"

Daokong's eyes lit up: "Five hours?! This is another half an hour faster than what I said before!"

Immediately, he said excitedly: "It seems that the secret technique researched by the ancestors has matured, so the speed of exiting the customs has accelerated!"

Daoyan also said with a smile on his face: "Patriarch, you guessed right! During the previous exchange, the ancestor revealed to me that his secret technique is about to be completed."

Daokong was overjoyed: "That's great! It seems that my family is going to really rise!"

The two communicated as if no one else was around.

Luo Tian, ​​who was beside him, was stunned for a moment.

What secret art mastery?

What is the rise of the Six Dao clan?

Strange!

The Six Dao Clan is the first of the ten mysterious forces and the first powerful clan in this continent. How can they still rise?

Isn't it a rise now?

Luo Tian muttered in his heart and was confused.

At this time, Daoyan said again: "By the way, patriarch, you have launched a lore-level bet on Qin Feng before, and the risk is very great!"

Speaking of which, Dao Yan was a little worried.

Daokong didn't care: "Daoyan is too high, do you think Qin Feng's reputation can reach 3000 points?"

Dao Yan was taken aback!

Immediately, he shook his head and said with a smile: "That's impossible! Considering the time he has been in this world to count 29, no matter how lucky he is, it would be good to be able to reach 1,000 reputation points. As for 3,000 reputation points, that would be a fantasy. !"

Daokong smiled: "That's it! Don't worry! In this game, the deity will win! At that time, the deity will get 10,000-star combat power out of thin air, which is also a big gain!"

Seeing that Daokong was so confident, Daoyan also breathed a sigh of relief!

He also felt that the patriarch had won this game!

He can't believe that Qin Feng, a small challenger, can increase his reputation to 3000 points in such a short period of time!

Thinking of this, he began to feel a little envious!

10,000-star combat power!

That's not a small amount!

He wants to increase the combat power of 10,000 stars, but he is afraid that it will not be possible to achieve it.

The patriarch can use some means, and he can get it quickly.

At the moment, Daoyan said with envy on his face: "Patriarch, it seems that this bet is also a big opportunity for you!"

Daokong touched his chin and smiled: "If it is not limited by the rules, Qin Feng can only be punished with 10,000 stars at most. I am willing to raise the stake a little bit. Because the worse the kid loses, the more we will be punished. more beneficial.”

Daoyan nodded: "Yeah! Heaven protects the challenged too well. If it weren't for the rules of Heaven, the patriarch could have set the bet on 5,000 reputation points. It would be impossible for Qin Feng to give him a year. reach it!"

Daokong sighed: "It's a pity! The highest point of the prestige challenge is only 3000 points! I have already chosen the highest point! However, it doesn't matter! Even if it is 3000 points, the deity will win!"

As soon as these words fell, the two looked at each other and smiled!

Dao Kong's face is full of confidence!

They didn't know that Qin Feng's reputation value had reached 2970 points, and he was only 30 points away from 3000 reputation points.

At this time, Dao Yan looked at Luo Tian, ​​who was beside him, as if thinking of something.

"By the way, the patriarch, how come the other eight mysterious forces are so late?"

Daokong smiled bitterly: "I don't know what happened. The eight mysterious forces, except the Dunkong Clan, have not responded to our call. Although the Dunkong Clan responded, they did not come over at the agreed time."

Luo Tian agreed: "Yeah! According to the agreement, the Duntian Clan should have arrived a few hours ago. Brother Daokong and I have been waiting until now, but we still haven't waited for them, and I don't know what happened."

Daoyan frowned: "It's really weird! So, of our top ten mysterious forces, only the Daluo Clan and my Six Dao Clan have assembled!"

Luo Tian sighed: "Yeah! The situation is unclear now, and it's not easy for us to send someone to inquire. However, this time, there are six seniors who have taken action. It doesn't hurt if the ten mysterious forces such as me gather together!"

Luo Tian meant that as long as the Six Dao Patriarchs took action, even if the ten mysterious forces did not join forces, Qin Feng and Longyuan Town could be easily destroyed.

But he didn't want to, Daoyan smiled mysteriously: "That's not the same! Now, let's talk frankly with Brother Luo! The idea of ​​letting the ten mysterious forces join forces, although it was proposed by my family leader, but more of my family's old man. Ancestor's meaning."

Luo Tian was stunned: "Is that what Senior Six Paths meant?"

This made him a little surprised!

Immediately, he was a little puzzled: "It stands to reason that in this battle, the senior Liudao and Qin Feng are the protagonists. I wait for the top ten mysterious forces, at most, the icing on the cake, and I can't help you much!"

Daoyan smiled and said: "Who said that it can't be of great help? Of course, the one who can help this time is the leader of your ten mysterious forces. The rest of the people really can't help much."

Luo Tian was puzzled: "Brother Daoyan, the more you talk, the more puzzled I become!"

At this time, Daokong also smiled and said, "That's it! It's time to let Brother Luo Tian know some secrets. Luo Tian, ​​if you want to know the reason, just follow me to the forbidden area of ​​my clan!"

Luo Tian was surprised: "Dao Kong is fierce, your clan's forbidden land is the place where the six-dao seniors sleep. Outsiders absolutely don't need to enter, how can you invite me there?"

Dao Kong laughed loudly: "Haha! Brother Luo Tian, ​​you and I are not even close friends. Besides, if my ancestors left the customs, he would definitely be very happy to see such an excellent junior like you! "

"That's fine!"

Luo Tian hesitated for a moment, then agreed.

At the moment, a group of three people flew towards the forbidden area.

It didn't take long for Daokong to bring Luo Tian into the forbidden area of ​​the Six Dao Clan.

I saw a huge altar in the center of the forbidden area, which was covered with divine patterns.

At this moment, the altar was bursting with dazzling light and exuding divine might, covering the entire forbidden area.

Standing beside the altar, Luo Tian could clearly feel the oppression of an invisible divine might, like a mid-stage False God standing in front of him.

This made him feel uneasy and quite nervous.

Then, he looked around the altar again.

I saw that around the altar, there were nine coffins placed vertically, all of them exuding a gloomy green light, which looked gloomy.

At this time, Daokong came from behind him and pointed to the altar in front of him to introduce.

"Brother Luo Tian, ​​my ancestor is asleep in the altar in front!"

Luo Tian nodded slightly.

Then, he asked curiously, "Brother Daokong, what are the nine coffins next to the altar?"

Dao Kong smiled mysteriously: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​do you want to know what is hidden in these coffins?"

"This..." Luo Tian hesitated.

Of course he wanted to know.

Daokong smiled and said, "Come on! Brother Luo Tian, ​​I brought you in, just to show you what's in this coffin. Let's take a look at the first one!"

Daokong strode to the first coffin on the left, and Luo Tian couldn't help but follow.

Then, Dao Kong waved his hand!

Boom!

The coffin responded immediately, and the black coffin lid moved up slowly, making a rumbling sound.

After a while, the coffin lid was fully raised, revealing a burly mummified corpse.

I saw the mummified corpse sitting cross-legged, exuding a monstrous corpse aura, and a fighting force comparable to the initial stage of a demigod.

boom!

Luo Tian saw the appearance of the mummified corpse, and his whole body was shocked.

"This... this is the ancestor of the Yao clan!"

As soon as the words fell, Luo Tian suddenly turned his head and looked at Dao Kong in disbelief.

The ancestor of the Yao clan is the ancestor of the Yaotian clan!

The ancestors of the Yao people have been dead for thousands of years!

How could his body appear here?

Could it be that the Six Dao Clan secretly dug it out and transported it here?

"Haha! Brother Luo Tian, ​​you really have a good eye!"

"That's right! This is the founder of the Yaotian family - Senior Yaotian! Back then, he was also an all-powerful demigod! It's a pity! He eventually exhausted his lifespan and died."

Daokong's tone was regretful, but he did not deny it.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Luo Tian was surprised: "Dao Kong is fierce, how could the corpse of the ancestor of the Yao clan appear here?"

Daokong smiled mysteriously: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​don't worry! I'll tell you later! Let's look at the second coffin!"

As soon as the voice fell, Daokong waved again!

Boom!

The cover of the second coffin rose slowly, revealing a mummified corpse for a moment, staring at the dry red hair, it was also a corpse!

"This is the ancestor of the Blood Moon Clan!"

Luo Tian exclaimed again.

Daokong smiled: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​don't get excited! Let's keep watching!"