Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Boom!

The third coffin is open!

"It's the ancestor of the Haoyang clan!"

Luo Tian exclaimed again!

Afterwards, Daokong opened the remaining coffins in turn, and revealed the mummified corpses one by one...

They are the ancestors of the Ten Fierce Clan, the ancestors of the Dragon Taming Clan, the ancestors of the Dunkong Clan, the ancestors of the Wanling Clan, and the ancestors of the Xinggu Clan.

When the last coffin was opened, Luo Tian could no longer remain calm!

Because what was stored in that coffin was the mummified corpse of his Daluo ancestor!

You know, his ancestors have been dead for more than 4,000 years!

Now, the body of his ancestor was dug up and appeared in the forbidden area of ​​the Six Dao Clan.

"Brother Dao Dao Kong! What does this mean?"

Luo Tian swallowed and looked at Dao Kong in disbelief.

He trusted Dao Kong so much, he didn't expect this guy to dig the grave of his ancestor!

Daokong smiled: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​don't get excited! To be honest, the body of your ancestor was not dug by me, but by my ancestor!"

"What?! Senior Six Paths?!"

Luo Tian was extremely surprised!

The Sixth Dao Ancestor is a False God, why would he do such a thing of stealing a corpse?

With this in mind, he hurriedly asked, "Why did Senior Six Dao do this?"

Daokong sighed: "I'll tell the truth now! You also know that my ancestor came from the Judgment God Realm and was once a Judgment Supreme!"

"It's just that something happened later. He is no longer the real Supreme Judge of Judgment, but some of the main vocation skills can still be used roughly."

"For example, he can train messengers of light and darkness, messengers of life and death, messengers of six paths."

"The messengers of light and darkness are the messengers of light and darkness, and the messengers of life and death are messengers of life and death. The messengers of the six realms are six messengers of the six realms of reincarnation, a total of ten people!"

"These messengers can sacrifice combat power to him, but the effect is discounted, and they can only sacrifice 50% of the combat power to my ancestors."

"After my ancestors dug up the bodies of the ancestors of various ethnic groups, he used the secret of reincarnation to turn them into living dead and transformed them into his ten messengers."

Luo Tian was surprised: "These mummified corpses have become living dead?"

Daokong nodded: "That's right! Not only have they become living dead, but their combat power has reached about 300,000 stars, which is the strength of a demigod in the early stage."

Luo Tian took a deep breath: "Hey! You said just now that these mummified corpses are the messengers of Senior Six Paths, and they can sacrifice half of their combat power to Senior Six Paths."

"In this way, for each sacrifice of 150,000-star combat power, ten weapons can sacrifice 1.5 million star combat power to Senior Six Paths?"

Daokong smiled and said, "Haha! That's true! To tell you the truth, my ancestor's combat power is now 3 million stars."

Luo Tian was shocked: "So, if Senior Six Dao obtains the sacrificial power of these messengers, his combat power can reach 4.5 million stars! That is the limit of the mid-stage False God!"

"Hey! I'm afraid it won't stop!"

Dao Kong smiled mysteriously, and his eyes were full of pride!

It turned out that the range of combat power in the mid-stage False God was 2.5 million to 4.5 million stars.

"Huh! No!"

Luo Tian suddenly frowned again!

"Brother Daokong, since there are ten envoys, why are there only nine coffins here? Where is the tenth envoy?"

"It's right in front of you!"

Dao Kong actually pointed to himself, showing a smug smile.

Luo Tian was shocked: "It's you?!"

Immediately, he seemed to have thought of something, and there was a look of astonishment in his eyes again.

Daokong's combat power has reached 780,000 stars.

If Dao Kong sacrificed half of his combat power to the Six Dao Ancestor, the Six Dao Ancestor's combat power would be able to break through 4.5 million stars and directly enter the peak level of the False God.

This is too scary!

"Hey! It turns out that a living person can also be a messenger!"

Luo Tianruo realized something!

Daokong couldn't help laughing and crying: "Of course a living person can! In fact, if a living person becomes a messenger, the effect will be better! The combat power I sacrificed to the ancestors is 60%, not 50%, more than these dead people."

Luo Tian was stunned again!

Immediately, he wondered: "Since the living are the messengers, they are stronger than these living dead. Why did the senior Liudao choose these living dead?"

Daokong smiled mysteriously: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​haven't you discovered it yet?"

"Found what?"

"The top ten messengers under my ancestor's command are from the top ten mysterious forces. They all have one feature, that is, they can use the sacred objects!"

boom!

Luo Tian was shocked and suddenly woke up!

He raised his head slowly, his voice dry. 850

"It turns out that the senior Liudao wants to collect the ten heaven-suppressing artifacts through the ten messengers, and reorganize them into the heaven-suppressing artifact! You Liudao clan want to become a heaven-suppressing force!"

Daokong laughed loudly: "Haha! Brother Luo Tian is really smart! It's obvious! That's right! My ancestors came out of the customs this time for the Suppressing Heaven forces!"

Luo Tian smiled bitterly: "So, brother Daokong asked me to summon the ten clans to join the six clans. The real purpose is not to deal with Qin Feng, but for me and the gods in the hands of the nine clans, right?"

Daokong smiled and nodded: "I do have this idea! But the plan can't keep up with the changes! However, that doesn't matter! My ancestors will definitely collect all the sacred objects when they leave the customs this time."

"This time, my ancestors have mastered the secret techniques, and no one can stop the rise of my Six Dao Clan! Our Six Dao Clan will definitely become a force to control the sky!"

Luo Tian took a deep breath of cold air: "Brother Daokong, are you telling me this, do you want me to hand over the divine artifact in my hand?"

Daokong smiled and shook his head: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​you actually have a better choice!"

"What choice?"

"Like me, become a messenger of my ancestor! If you agree, you can take the place of your ancestor. And you are the pinnacle of demigods, my ancestor will definitely focus on cultivating you!"

"This..." Luo Tian hesitated.

Daokong continued to persuade: "Brother Luo Tian, ​​good birds choose wood to live in! As soon as the Tiantian forces come out, the mysterious forces will no longer exist! If you don't agree, that will not change the fact that my Six Dao Clan will become the Tiantian forces. !"Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

At this time, Daoyan agreed: "Yeah! At that time, even if our clan does not attack your Daluo clan. But once the Tiantian forces come out, your Daluo clan will also become a failed force and cannot escape the punishment of heaven."

"That being the case, it's better for your family to join our Six Dao Clan and grow together, why not do it?"

"This…"

Luo Tian was a little moved when he heard those words.

He looked at Daokong and Daoyan again, as well as the closed forbidden area, and felt a little uneasy in his heart.

He also knew that since Daokong dared to tell the truth frankly, he was not afraid that he would not agree.

If he really doesn't agree, will he be killed by the Sixth Dao Ancestor and become a living dead in the end?

Thinking of this, his heart trembled.

Afterwards, he sighed: "That's it! Brother Daokong, you are right! Good birds choose wood to live in! It is an inevitable trend for the Liudao clan to become a force to control the sky! I am willing to join the senior Liudao sect and become a messenger under my command! "

Daokong was overjoyed: "That's great! With Brother Luo Tian joining in, my ancestors will definitely be very happy!"

Daoyan also said happily: "Of course! Brother Luo Tian's combat power is 650,000 stars. He became a messenger as a living person and can feed back 60% of his combat power, that is 390,000 stars! This is worth two. The living dead!"

Hearing this, Daokong laughed: "Haha! That's of course! With the addition of Brother Luo Tian, ​​the strength of our ancestors will be stronger! The rise of our family will also be faster! That Qin Feng is doomed this time. It's gone!"

At this moment, Daokong's mood is very happy!

Luo Tian also had a smile on his face, but his mood was extremely complicated.

However, he agrees with Daokong's last sentence, Qin Feng is doomed this time!

At the same time, Lingtian Temple, the divine grade assessment area.

In the different space of the fifth level, Qin Feng's eight fission bodies are still refining Shendan with all their strength

Naturally, he didn't know the changes in the Six Dao Clan.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, an hour has passed!

He finally finished refining the eight gods

Chapter 531 The first record-breaking! Luck seal!

At this moment, all eight Qin Fengzhan variants opened their eyes with joy on their faces.

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, the eight fission bodies merged into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

Afterwards, he checked his combat power, and it actually reached 2.52 million stars!

2.52 million stars!

This has crossed the threshold of the mid-stage False God!

Jiuzhuan Divine Physique Pill is worthy of being a ninth-order top-grade spirit pill!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

He is very satisfied with this harvest!

"Next, it's time to go through the sixth level!"

Qin Feng got up slowly.

Counting the time, there are still 4 hours left, and the prestige bet is about to end.

His reputation is still 30 points away!

As long as he gets the SSS rating in the sixth level, the reputation problem will definitely be solved in one fell swoop!

Is it just that he can get an SSS rating?

Qin Feng was a little uneasy in his heart, and he was not fully sure.

However, time cannot be wasted

Thinking of this, he turned into a white light and disappeared in place

After a while, Qin Feng appeared in the different space of the sixth level.

It is a world of ice and snow!

The sky is white!

The temperature around is extremely cold!

As long as you exhale, it will instantly turn into countless fine ice crystals, like white mist.

At this moment, Qin Feng is staring at the front, where there is a snow-capped mountain as high as ten thousand feet!

Boom!

At this moment, the snow-capped mountain vibrated and slowly rose!

click! click! click!

At the same time, on the side of the snow-capped mountain, the ice layer cracked, and a huge monster head slowly protruded, as small as a basketball court.

boom!

After a while, the snow-capped mountains rose thousands of feet!

Qin Feng finally saw clearly that the huge snow mountain in front of him was not a snow mountain at all, but a turtle-shaped monster with a length of 100,000 zhang and a height of 10,000 zhang.