Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

It has a head like a dragon and a turtle, a row of sharp teeth grows in its mouth, and its whole body is covered with a thick layer of ice.

[Evil Object]: Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle

[Boundary]: Mid-stage False God

[Combat Strength]: 2.7 million to 3 million stars

[Talent]: S-level Ice Law, SS-level Xuanwu bloodline talent

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

hiss!

It was actually a cold tortoise with SS-level basaltic bloodline talent!

This can be a little troublesome!

Among the four divine beasts, Xuanwu has the strongest defense.

The defensive power of this mysterious turtle is probably ten times stronger than that of the White Scaled Dragon Demon.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

But he killed the white scale dragon demon with three swords!

Killing Xuan Turtle, I am afraid that thirty swords are not enough!

And after thirty swords, 10 seconds have passed, and he will not be able to get the SSS grade evaluation.

If he can't get the SSS grade evaluation, his chance to kill the emperor and kill the gods will be lost.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng frowned.

Although his combat power has improved, the improvement is limited after all!

What's more, this mysterious turtle's combat power is much stronger than his.

At the same moment, Han Ji Xuangui slowly opened his eyes and looked at Qin Feng lazily.

"After so many years, finally another player can break into the sixth level! You are the 18th person to break in! However, there are only three people who can break through from this deity!"

The Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle spoke slowly, with some pride in his tone.

Qin Feng was stunned for a moment: "There are only three people? But I heard the Shadowless Demon say that less than ten people have passed the nine levels, how come there are only three people who passed the sixth level? According to this calculation, I am afraid that the nine levels will be passed in a row. No one, no one!"

"Shadowless Demon?!" Xuan Gui sneered.

"It's a monster guarding the fourth level, how does it know what's going on behind it? Don't talk about it, even the deity doesn't know if anyone has passed the nine levels."

Qin Feng frowned: "So, Shadowless Demon said that after passing the nine levels, there will be a big surprise. Is that also a lie?"

Xuan Gui sneered: "Boy! Do you still want to pass the nine levels? You may not even be able to pass the level of the deity, let alone pass the nine levels!"

"However, Shadowless Demon didn't lie this time. If you pass all of them, you will be pleasantly surprised!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

It's nice to have a surprise!

For all the surprises after customs clearance, he is determined to get it!

Xuan Gui sneered again: "Boy! This deity advises you not to dream! You can't get past this level of deity! Even the three who passed through have the highest rating of E, and the other two are the lowest F. Level, it's been very difficult!"

Qin Feng was surprised: "As far as I know, there are people who have won the SSS rating in the last level, how come to you, the highest level is F? I think your combat power is more than 200,000 higher than the white scale dragon demon. Just a star!"

Xuan Gui laughed proudly: "Haha! You sly little thief! You want to find out the details from the deity's mouth! You are too underestimated by the deity! However, since you want to know, then it's okay for the deity to tell you!"

"Dragon Demons deal with players, and they have to rely on their strength to fight. This deity can deal with players like you, as long as you indent into the turtle shell and sleep for 20 minutes!"

Qin Feng was surprised: "Sleep? You act like this, don't you just give up your defense and let your opponent attack!"

Xuan Gui was proud: "That's right! The deity just gave up the defense and allowed you to attack! But even so, even if you attacked tens of thousands of times, few people could break through the deity's tortoise shell defense!"

hiss!

Qin Feng gasped: "Could it be that your tortoise shell defense can reach the peak level of False God?"

Xuan Gui laughed proudly: "Haha! Even if you don't reach the peak level of False God, it's not far behind!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng's heart sank.

He is confident that in twenty minutes, he will break through the tortoise shell of the mysterious turtle and win this level.

But that way, he doesn't have an SSS rating, not even an S rating.

His chance of being an emperor and killing a **** was just lost.

Damn it!

He has just activated the opportunity and is about to lose it?

Qin Feng is unwilling!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Please kill the Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle within 20 minutes. If you fail to kill within 20 minutes, you will be judged to have failed to pass the level! 】

[Reminder: After 10 seconds, the time to pass the level officially starts. Countdown: 1098]

Tips begin!

Qin Feng and Hanji Xuangui heard it at the same time!

The atmosphere in the field was instantly tense!

"hey-hey!"

The Xuan Turtle smiled smugly and sat down slowly.

The next second, it slowly retracted its limbs, and its huge head slowly shrank toward the turtle shell.

It's going to turn into an iceberg again!

As long as it retracts its head and limbs into the turtle shell, the turtle shell will automatically close, providing it with a 360-degree defense without dead ends!

This is its biggest support!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng seemed to think of something, and his eyes lit up.

"Xuan Turtle! The countdown is not over yet, you should hide first, it's too cowardly! No wonder the world calls you 'head turtles'!"

Xuan Turtle was stunned for a moment, stopped the action of shrinking his head, and couldn't help sneering.

"Cut! Human boy! You want to let the deity give up the biggest advantage and fight you with a few words! Then you are too naive! The deity will not be fooled by you!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xuan Turtle put away his limbs.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was extremely anxious!

If Xuan Gui really retracted his entire body into the tortoise shell, he would no longer have any hope and would have won the SSS grade evaluation!

But the countdown is not over yet, he can't do it!

Just when this thought came to mind, a reminder came from Tiandao.

【Countdown is over! Clearance time starts]

call out!

As soon as the prompt sounded, Qin Feng disappeared instantly.

He must seize any second without delaying

The next second, he appeared above the head of the mysterious turtle, instantly firing a soul-killing thorn, and directly attacking the mysterious turtle to reveal

boom!

Invisible soul thorn!

Violently bombarded the sea of ​​​​knowledge of the mysterious turtle!

The mysterious turtle was only slightly shocked, but it still remained clear!

call out!

In the next second, it shrank suddenly, and instantly retracted its head, as fast as lightning, surprising!

click!

In the next second, a soft sound!

Tortoise shell closed instantly!

Absolute defense molding!

Qin Feng is stunned!

He didn't expect that the Soul Killing Thorn, which he had been relying on, had no effect on Xuan Turtle!

Knew it!

After reaching the sixth level, the spirit bodies of the guarding monsters are stronger than the last!

His soul-killing thorns don't have much effect!

Now, Xuan Turtle's defense has been completed, and he has missed the opportunity!

"Damn!"

Qin Feng was so angry that he slashed on the iceberg with all his strength!

Swish!

Click!

Ten thousand feet of sword light fell!

The iceberg burst!

Crushed ice flying!

In this way, the black tortoise shell under the ice layer is exposed!

To Qin Feng's astonishment, his sword was only on the tortoise shell, leaving a shallow white mark, which did not cause much damage!

According to this level of damage, he has to slash a hundred swords in a row before he can hope to break the defense of the empty tortoise shell!

But after that, ten seconds have already passed!

It's impossible for him to get an SSS rating!

In fact, even if he breaks the tortoise shell defense, he may not be able to kill the black turtle quickly.

"Could it be that I really can't get the SSS level in this level?"

Qin Feng was extremely anxious, but he was helpless!

Just such a hesitation, a second passed!

Qin Feng has not made any progress!

Inside the turtle shell, Xuan Turtle snickered!

It knows that this will be the case!

After the first hit, many players are stunned on the spot, and they don't make the second hit for a long time.

In a blink of an eye, the second will pass

Qin Feng is so anxious that he cannot delay any longer.

He knew that madly attacking turtle shells was of no use!

If he did that, he would get a very low evaluation, completely missing the SSS level!

Therefore, he must find another way, think of a brilliant way

correct!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something

Swish!

In the next breath, he was divided into two parts, and he became the very positive body and the very negative body!

Afterwards, the two main bodies were simultaneously holding the seals with their hands.

Time Skill - Go Back in Time!