Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the chat channel of Village No. 77 was mourning.

"Not good! Zhou Yan was injured by a level 5 beast and is running for his life now! Brothers, help him!"

"We're near him! Quick! Quickly help him block the beast!"

"Hey! It's over! It's over! Before, Lin Yue was also injured by a level-5 beast, and now it's Zhou Yan's turn. How many people in our village can kill a level-5 beast?"

"Hey! There's no way! Level 5 humans are reluctant to deal with level 5 beasts. It's normal for them to be unable to defeat level 5 beasts."

It turns out that Zhou Yan and Lin Yue are both level 5 powerhouses, the second of the three level 5 masters on the 77th.

"It's alright, Zhou Yan and Lin Yue are both injured, they can't score any points, how miserable!"

"It seems that only Yang Yichao in our village can score!"

Yang Yichao is the No. 1 powerhouse in Village No. 77, but only at level 5.

"Hey! Yang Yichao alone can't do it. It's been three hours, and our village has only got 8 points in total, but the points that determine the outcome are 1,000 points! How else can we play?"

"It's over! It's over now! Ninety percent of us are sure to lose!"

"Woooo! I don't want to lose! My little sister is only level 1! The total body attribute points only add up to 41 points. If you lose, you will be deducted 50 points. If I don't have enough deductions, I will die!"

"God! I'm also level 1, and my attributes are only 43 points in total. I don't want to lose! I don't want to die either!"

"It's over! It's over! This attribute point is not enough to deduct, will it turn into a light on the spot and die!"

"Upstairs, what time is it, you are still talking slander!"

"I didn't say anything nasty! I'm worried too!"

"Hey! It's all Qin Feng's fault! It's the daring ghost who tricked us!"

"Yeah! I also think he cheated on us!"

"Woo! What should I do? I'm so scared now! I don't want to die yet!"

"Sister upstairs, don't cry! If you die accidentally, turn into a ghost and go to Qin Feng!"

But as soon as these words fell, a regional announcement resounded throughout the village.

[Regional Announcement: In this camp betting, the red camp is the first to reach 1000 points! Congratulations to the red team for winning! 】

Boom~!

At this moment, everyone was stunned!

What? !

The red team won? !

They are from the red camp!

But they only got 8 points in total!

This is very far from the goal of 1000 points, how can it be possible to win?

Boom~!

In the next second, the chat channel will explode!

"God! We won! Did I hear it right?!"

"Upstairs! You heard that right! We really won!"Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"How is this possible? How did we win!"

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Regional Announcement: Congratulations to the 911 villages, 34 villages, and 77 villages of the red camp for winning this bet! Now announcing the Red Square Points Ranking….]

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked!

Fuck it~!

real!

Really won!

Ha ha!

We really won!

Village 77 cheered instantly!

The scene is earth-shattering!

This happiness came so suddenly!

At this time, Tiandao announced the ranking of the red team's points, which was displayed line by line above the chat channel.

Everyone looked at it.

[The Red Team Points Ranking]

First place: Qin Feng (911 Village), 897 points

Second place: Liu Xuan (911 Village), 21 points.

Third place: Longshan (911 Village), 11 points.

Fourth place: Wu Yong (911 Village), 10 points.

Fifth place: Gu Ming (911 Village), 9 points

Sixth place, Lei Jue (911 Village), 9 points

Seventh place: Liu Yuan (911 Village), 9 points

...

After reading this, everyone was completely dumbfounded, and their mouths were wide open.

Then, the chat area is frying!

"My God! That Qin Feng actually scored 897 points!"

"This...is this guy still human?"

"God! He is a god-like man!"

"Admiration! Really admire!"

"I want to worship him!"

"Yeah! We all blamed him before!"

"Woo! Excited! So excited! Little sister can finally stop dying!"

"My God! Look! The top ten are all from 911 Village!"

"Wow! Really! Oh my God! 24 people from the 911 village are on the list! There are so many people in their village who can score!"

"Strong! Too strong! 911 Village is too strong!"

Yang Yichao: "Yeah! 911 Village is too strong! With my 6 points, I can only rank 14th. In 911 Village, I can't even make it into the top ten!"

At this moment, even the first master of 77 Village, Yang Yichao came out to speak.

Everyone was amazed!

911 Village is too powerful!

Not only does it produce a peerless master like Qin Feng, but the whole village is also a strong person!

At the same moment, Village No. 34 was also stunned.

At this moment, they looked at the rankings in shock.

Village No. 34 is not much better than No. 77.

There are only four level 5 masters in their village.

Only 15 points in the three hours.

And the first strongman, Liu Zhiyuan, scored 7 points this time.

But only ranked eleventh on the list, not even in the top ten.

Liu Zhiyuan: "Fuck~! This 911 village is too strong!"

That Liu Zhiyuan was amazed.

"Boss Liu, that Qin Feng boss is the most terrifying!"

"Yeah! That guy is a god-like existence!"

"No wonder he only chose three villages! It turns out that he had already made up his mind!"

"Let me see, he chose us purely for the sake of us all being from the Dragon Kingdom. Otherwise, 911 villages alone would be able to outperform the 24 opposite villages."

"That's right! Absolutely!"

"It seems that we all owe Qin Feng a huge favor!"

"Everyone, an existence like Qin Feng! He is the role model of our Dragon Kingdom!"

"And 911 Village! That kind of village is our Dragon Country's village! Haha!"

At this moment, Village No. 34 cheered.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Announcement: Congratulations to all members of Village 911, Village 34, and Village 77 for getting 50 free attribute rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to 911 Village, 34 Village, and 77 Village, all resources have doubled! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Lead the novice village 911 to win the bet and gain 5 reputation! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Personal points reached 800 points, get 80 points of attribute reward! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng! Personal points reached 800 points, get three silver treasure chest rewards! 】…

Chapter 68 With heavy casualties in various countries, the golden treasure chest appears!

At the same moment, ants gathered at the foot of the mountain.

Qin Feng was overjoyed when he heard Tiandao's prompt.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: You are the initiator of this bet, so all the rewards you get are doubled! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your reputation-! Prestige +10! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your betting rewards! Attribute - +100 points! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your personal points reward! Attribute +160 points! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your personal points reward! Six silver treasure chests! 】

Fuck it~!

Doubled!

It doubled!

Ha ha!

So cool!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

This happiness came so suddenly!

At this time, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him...

Boom~Long~Long~!

His stats went up and down, and increased by 100 points in a blink of an eye.

Then, the second beam of light fell!

His attribute points soared again, and increased by 160 points in a blink of an eye!