Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

hum!

Ji Yang's body instantly completes the reversal of time, and the skill is applied to Xuan Turtle.

The time flow rate on the mysterious turtle began to flow backwards, directly to the previous second.

hum!

At this time, the extreme yin body also completed the skills and applied it to the mysterious turtle.

The speed of time on the Xuan Turtle is flowing backwards again.

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Ha ha!

It turned out that when he turned into two main bodies, he could break through the interval limitation of time skills.

The original time was reversed, and it could only be performed once within half an hour.

And after he has become the two main bodies, he can cast it twice in a row and let the target's time flow back for two seconds in a row.

At the same moment, within that dark tortoise shell.

The Xuan Turtle was muttering in his heart.

"It's been almost 2 seconds! Why hasn't this human hit the second blow yet? Is he completely dumbfounded! It seems that this time I can easily win!"

Xuan Gui thought with a smug look on his face.

But at this moment, a mutation arose.

It suddenly felt that the things around it were going backwards madly

Before it can react, the light is bright in front of it!

Then, it was shocked to find that the world of ice and snow outside was in front of it, and it was no longer its dark turtle shell.

Xuan Turtle is stunned!

I choke!

When did it stick its head out?

Naturally, it didn't know that it was Qin Feng's two main bodies, and he used the time-rewind to return it to the state it was 2 seconds ago.

Swish!

At this moment, the sound of sword qi breaking through the air sounded from the back of its head!

Xuan Gui suddenly felt bad, and he was about to turn his head back again!

But at this moment, the extreme yin body picked up a seal and activated time prohibition.

hum!

The skill is instantly applied to the mysterious turtle!

Suddenly, between heaven and earth, everything stopped!

The mysterious turtle is like a sculpture, frozen in place!

At this moment, the sword of Jiyang's body has been chopped down!

Swish!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky, one after another!

The whole world of ice and snow is illuminated!

The momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, chop down!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Without the protection of the tortoise shell, the defense of the mysterious turtle is extremely fragile!

With just one sword, Ji Yang's body cut off the head of the mysterious turtle!

Bang!

That huge head rolled and fell!

The ice layer on the ground was smashed, and the blood stained a large area

The next second, a dazzling white light flew out of the head and poured into Qin Feng's body

[Killing the Shouguan Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle successfully! You gain +100 billion energy points. 】

[Killing the Shouguan Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle successfully! You gain +80 billion Judgment Points. 】

[You have been promoted to Level 46 Judge Lord (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who killed the Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle within 6 seconds, got the SSS rating and got 140 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points have increased to 1224 points]

good! good!

Finally got an SSS rating!

The anode body and the anode body are full of surprises!

Afterwards, the two main bodies merged into one, and Qin Feng appeared again!

Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Congratulations to the players for getting the SSS level evaluation of this level! Got an extra bonus! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward double the luck value! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward two nine-turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)! 】

[Congratulations, you are the first player to get SSS rating for six consecutive levels, you have gained +100 reputation points]

very good!

100 more reputation points!

In this way, his reputation has reached 3070 points!

The prestige bet is won!

Dao Kong is dead this time!

By the way, the extra rewards this time have also changed.

Jiuzhuan Divine Body Pill has been increased from 1 to 2 before.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

【You are the first player to get the SSS rating for six consecutive levels】

【The first record-breaker! The extra reward is increased to five times (the prestige reward remains unchanged)]

【Your additional rewards are changed as follows】

【You get five times the luck value】

[You have obtained 10 Nine-Turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)]

what!

This reward has been increased by five times!

This is too powerful!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his heart was very happy!

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and five pillars of luck light fell!

Qin Feng couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the improvement of his luck!

That is so wonderful!

After a while, his qi reached 23 times the qi luck value!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: When your luck value reaches 30 times your luck, your second title 'Luck Luck Master' can be promoted, and you will get huge benefits! all】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes showed joy again!

It turns out that if the luck value reaches 30 times, the title can be promoted!

When he got the title of Luck Master, he gained 50,000-star combat power and 50 reputation.

I don't know how much benefit I can get from this title upgrade?

To be sure, it will benefit more than the first time!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is full of enthusiasm, and he is full of expectations for the reminder of the title of luck.

Chapter 532: Dijiang Spirit Egg! SS-level space-time law!

hum!

At this moment, the sky shook again, and another beam of light fell from the sky.

Then 10 Nine-Turn Divine Body Pills slowly fell along the beam of light and arrived in front of Qin Feng.

This time is too powerful!

He was rewarded with 10 Nine-Turn Divine Physique Pills at once, which was more than the reward he had won by going through five levels in a row before.

It can be seen that the reward for breaking the first record is the greatest.

Qin Feng put away the elixir with satisfaction.

If the next level, he can still get an SSS rating, which is naturally another record-breaking first, and then there is another generous reward.

At this thought, Qin Feng was looking forward to it.

What's more, if he wants to get the chance of Emperor Domination, he must get the SSS level in the next level.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

[After 20 minutes of rest, the seventh level will be opened]𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

[Reminder: At the end of each level, players have 20 minutes of rest time. 】

[Reminder: Players can also choose not to rest and go directly to the next level. 】

[Your rest time has accumulated to 60 minutes. 】

Exactly 60 minutes!

If it is used to refine the Divine Body Pill, the time is just enough!

But that would be detrimental to the next action.

Qin Feng calculated silently in his heart.

If he runs out of rest time now, and if he also gets the Divine Physique Pill reward in the seventh and eighth levels, he won't have enough rest time to refine.

As for the ninth level, it is the last level, and there is no time to rest.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng plans to refine the medicinal pills after the end of the eighth level, so as to maximize the benefits!

Thinking of this, he turned into white light and disappeared in place

After a while, Qin Feng appeared in the seventh level space.