Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It was a starry sky!

Looking up, the stars are bright in the distance, and there are galaxies similar to the Milky Way.

At his feet was a lonely and icy dark planet, the size of which should not be as big as the red moon star.

The gravitational force on it is very small!

Less than half of the Red Moon Star!

The red moon star is one of the three moon stars in the blue star world, which is equivalent to the relationship between the moon and the earth.

Lingtian Temple is also on the Red Moon Star.

Of course, the essence of 870 is just an entrance to Lingtian Temple.

"What a weird planet!"

Qin Feng looked around and saw a barren place.

"Huh! Where is it?"

Soon, he found that there was a huge altar in front of him, and there was a faint spiritual light on it.

Qin Feng's figure flashed and he rushed towards the altar

After a while, he came to the altar and saw the appearance of the altar.

That ancient altar has seven rune columns, which are engraved with mysterious runes, exuding an ancient atmosphere.

In the center of the altar, a mysterious spirit egg lay quietly.

On the black eggshell, there are silver spots mixed with it, like a starry sky, exuding eleven dazzling brilliance, which is very extraordinary.

Qin Feng's heart moved, the red line between his eyebrows split, and the **** of punishment appeared, peeping towards the spirit egg.

[Dijiang Spirit Egg: The pinnacle of the lower-level gods, the attributes of time and space, can be evolved, and the master is not recognized. 】

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, it can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and it is loyal to the owner. 】Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

boom!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was shocked!

The spiritual egg of the peak of the lower-level gods!

As long as it is bred, after reaching adulthood, it can reach the peak of False God, and its strength is extremely terrifying.

This is much stronger than his sentence mangling egg!

Jumang Ling Egg is now a low-grade god, with a life attribute.

In other words, after the Jumangling egg is born, it can reach the False God realm, but it is very likely that it will be the early stage to the middle stage of the False God, and it will not be the peak of the False God.

Only the spirit eggs at the peak of the low-grade **** rank are expected to reach the peak of false gods when they reach adulthood.

In addition, the Jumang Spirit Egg is a life attribute!

That means that as soon as it is born, it will master the S-level law of life!

And the Dijiang Spirit Egg is a time-space attribute, and it can master the SS-level time-space law at birth.

No matter how you look at it, this Emperor Jiang Ling Egg is stronger than Jumang Ling Egg!

What's even better is that this spirit egg has not yet recognized its master, that is, it is a thing without a master, and it can be recognized as a master by a drop of blood!

If he gets this spiritual egg, he will have a third pet!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he suddenly became excited.

Afterwards, he looked at the protective mask on the altar, showing doubts again.

This altar looks very old, but it has been running all the time. It has opened a huge protective light shield to protect the Dijiang Spirit Egg inside.

Looking at the energy fluctuations emitted by the protective mask, it is at least the mid-level False God, and the defense is extremely strong!

If it is said that the Dijiang Spirit Egg is an ownerless thing, then who built this altar?

At this thought, Qin Feng was suddenly puzzled!

call out!

At this moment, a blank light flashed on the altar, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air.

Qin Feng looked up quickly, and saw that the person who came was a bird-headed man with four wings on his back.

Qin Feng's heart moved, his brows were sharp, and he went to detect the demon.

[Evil Object]: Emperor River Shizu

[Boundary]: Mid-stage False God

[Combat Strength]: 2.9 million to 3.2 million stars

[Talent]: S-level time law, S-level space law, SS-level bloodline talent

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

what! Emperor River Shizu?

This name is similar to Dijiang Spirit Egg!

It seems that this monster has a lot to do with Dijiang Spirit Egg!

Having said that, the combat power of this monster is not much stronger than that of the Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle, but the laws and talents it masters are too strong.

A time rule!

A space law!

It is all the power of the most powerful law in the S-level law!

When Emperor Dihe Shizu appeared just now, he used teleportation!

Besides, this Emperor River Shizu's combat power is not much stronger than that of the Cold Extreme Mysterious Turtle, but it is much stronger than Qin Feng!

Qin Feng's combat power is only 2.52 million stars!

Emperor River Shizu's combat power is 2.8 million to 3.1 million stars!

The difference in combat power between the two sides is not small!

The difficulty of this level is indeed much more difficult than the previous level.

In the last level, it took him 6 seconds to clear the level.

Can he do this in less than 10 seconds?

Qin Feng was apprehensive.

At this moment, Emperor Dihe Shizu spoke slowly.

"It's been so many years! Finally a fourth person has broken into the seventh level! However, there has never been one person who can break through the hands of this ancestor!"

Di He Shizu crossed his hands on his chest, and his tone was cold and arrogant, revealing a sense of superiority.

Qin Feng was surprised: "No one has broken through? So, no one has ever been able to break through nine levels in a row?"

Emperor He Shizu sneered: "Break through nine levels in a row? I think too much! You humans have never seen such an amazing peerless genius! At least in this parallel universe, it has never appeared!"

hiss!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath!

Until this moment, he didn't know how difficult it was to break through nine levels in a row!

Before, he thought he had heard some useful news from Shadowless Demon.

Unexpectedly, the demon was also cunning and released a lot of false information.

"I heard from the previous venerable gatekeepers that there will be surprises if you pass through the nine stages in a row. It seems that this is fake news! Because no one has ever passed the nine stages, naturally no one knows if there are any surprises. !"

Qin Feng deliberately asked.

Emperor Dihe Shizu smiled coldly: "You don't need to talk about this ancestor! However, this is true news! This is the meaning of heaven! Heaven also instructed me to wait for the gatekeepers to tell you players!"

"Unfortunately! You humans are so useless! So far, there has not been one who can pass the nine levels. There are only four people who can make it to this ancestor, plus you!"

"It's even more ridiculous! No one who can break into this place has been able to break through to the next level from this ancestor! You are no exception!"

Ancestor Dihe said righteously.

The tone was full of contempt for human beings, which made Qin Feng feel unhappy!

However, he can be sure that Patriarch Dihe is telling the truth.

If someone really passed this level, he would not have seen the 'Dijiang Spirit Egg' long ago.

How could the person who passed the customs let go of this spiritual egg?

This is a low-grade god-level peak spiritual egg!

Even better, it hasn't recognized the Lord yet!

In the future, it can be cultivated into a peak-level battle pet of the False God, and it is even expected to be cultivated into a battle pet in the real God realm!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart was hot, and he couldn't help but look at the egg more.

Dihe Shizu just saw Qin Feng's fiery eyes, he couldn't help frowning, and his heart was filled with boundless anger!

This greedy human kid!

Even with his prefecture-level realm, he dared to fight his brother's idea!

Really looking for death!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Please kill Dihe Shizu within 20 minutes, if you fail to kill within 20 minutes, you will be judged to have failed to break through the level! 】

[Reminder: After 10 seconds, the time to pass the level officially starts. Countdown: 10987]

Tips begin!

The atmosphere in the field instantly became tense!

Qin Feng couldn't help clenching the hilt of the sword!

Emperor River Shizu's expression was calm!

Ha ha!

An ant-like earth-level human!

The three who broke in before were all killed by him within three minutes!

No one can last for 20 minutes, and the whole field is full!

This one will be no exception!

For human beings, Emperor Dihe Shizu didn't have the slightest affection, and even had some disgust!

Back then, it was a human true **** who killed its mother and broke it, which was still a spiritual egg, causing its aptitude to decline and hatched ahead of schedule!

It turned out that the Emperor River Shizu and the Emperor River Spirit Egg were originally twin spirit eggs.

Hundreds of millions of years ago, under a catastrophe.

Its mother was severely injured and died by a human true god!

Before her mother died, she used the law of time and space to transfer two spiritual eggs to this desolate wandering planet.

It was just that in that cruel battle, the spiritual egg of Emperor He Shizu was cracked, causing the quality of the spiritual egg to drop from the peak of the low-grade **** rank to the low-grade **** rank.

This also caused it to hatch in advance, and it could not fully transform into a human form, which brought a lot of defects.

Even, as soon as it was born, it did not get the SS-level time and space laws, but only the S-level time laws and S-level space laws!

For various reasons, it is extremely hateful to human beings!

Of course, these things were learned through the inherited memory left by the mother!

Fortunately, during that battle, its younger brother's spirit egg has been well preserved.

In order to allow the younger brother to hatch better, it specially built an altar to guard it.