Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

pity!

The resources on this wandering planet are too scarce, and the spiritual energy is extremely thin, delaying the growth rate of its younger brother.

The most important thing is that it needs SSS-level blood essence to hatch its younger brother, but it does not.

In fact, Qin Feng's blood is SSS grade.

In short, just when the ancestor of Dihe Shizu was worried, Tiandao gave it a mission to guard the customs!

As long as it is willing to defend the level and fight against five players, it will be rewarded with a drop of SSS-level blood essence, and its fallen aptitude will be restored.

Now that so many years have passed, it has played against three players and killed three.

Today, it finally waits for the fourth one!

This time, it will not hold back at all, and must kill this human being!

Especially this human being, looking at his younger brother's spirit egg with greedy eyes, **** it!

Thinking of this, Emperor Shizu said coldly: "Human boy! Please stay away from the altar! I don't want your dirty blood to splash on my brother's spiritual egg!"

Qin Feng was surprised: "Is this spirit egg your brother?"

Ancestor Dihe sneered and didn't bother to answer.

It's too lazy to speak to a dying man!

Of course, it will also know that if the player is killed here, the player will be resurrected.

Also, if it is killed, it will come back to life!

However, as long as it can kill this human and prevent him from completing the assessment, it will be very happy!

Emperor Emperor Shizu's hatred of human beings is already a little extreme!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

【Countdown is over! Clearance time starts]

boom!

As soon as the prompt came out, Qin Feng and Dihe Shizu shot at the same time.

Chapter 533 Kill Shizu! Thrilling!

call out!

White light flashes!

Emperor Dihe Shizu teleported, appeared behind Qin Feng, and punched Qin Feng's back!

boom!

That punch goes!

The momentum suddenly reached 3 million stars!

The power is astonishing!

Click!

A crisp sound!

That punch pierced through the space instantly, cracking the void and breaking the law!

A huge black hole appeared in the sky!

That devastating punch was about to hit Qin Feng's back!

In Dihe Shizu's eyes, a smug smile appeared!

This humble human being!

I'm afraid I can't imagine the power of the laws of space!

Every time it makes a move, it uses a teleport sneak attack to catch the opponent off guard!

This time is no exception!

At this moment, this human being must be panicking, and it is too late to defend!

It will definitely kill this **** human in one punch!

This nasty guy!

How dare you show greed to your brother's spirit egg!

Then you have to die!

click! click! click!

The punch that shattered the sky and destroyed the earth smashed the space inch by inch!

Seeing that he is about to hit Qin Feng!

call out!

But at this moment, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air!

That punch hit the air instantly!

In the next breath, Qin Feng's figure appeared behind Dihe Shizu!

Emperor River Shizu was stunned!

This kid actually mastered the laws of space!

Damn it!

The law of space is the ability that their family should have, how can this kid do?

Swish!

At this moment, a shocking sword light lit up behind it!

Impressive!

Slash at its back!

The might of that sword is unstoppable! It seems to destroy everything!

Emperor River Shizu was furious!

It has always been the only one that attacked others, but this time it was attacked!

Seeing, that sword is about to fall!

Emperor River Shizu held a seal in his hand!

Time skill activated!Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Ten times the time delay!

hum!

Just for a moment!

An invisible force of law was superimposed on Qin Feng.

Immediately, he felt in horror that the flow of time around him had increased tenfold!

In fact, it's not that the four-week flow rate is ten times faster!

It was Qin Feng's time flow that was delayed ten times.

Therefore, all his movements have become slow motions when viewed by outsiders!

All the speed of attacking, moving, dodging, etc., is ten times slower!

And the flow of time in the outside world has not changed at all!

Ha ha!

This kid got hit!

Emperor River Shizu was overjoyed!

This time skill is very useful!

The effect can last up to three minutes!

These three minutes are enough for it to kill Qin Feng!

The previous three players were killed by it like this!

As time slowed down, the attack speed of Qin Feng's sword was ten times slower.

Di He Shizu's figure was slightly to one side, and he easily avoided the sword!

Swish!

That sword smashed into the air!

boom!

The lightsaber fell!

The ground ahead was split into a 10,000-zhang-long sword pit!

This scene shocked Qin Feng!

I avoided it!

what happened?

How could this guy suddenly be ten times faster!

False God's mid-term speed is ten times faster!

That's even faster than the peak level of the False God!

Qin Feng can't see clearly!

boom!

At this moment, Dihe Shizu directly punched!

The speed of that punch, in Qin Feng's eyes, is as fast as the speed of light, which has exceeded the attack speed of the peak of the False God.

Make him unable to react at all!

It is impossible for him to avoid it!

Not even time to resist!

All this is because he was delayed by time.

Any attack by others is ten times faster in his eyes!

In this way, he can avoid Kai Dihe Shizu's attack!

boom!

That punch came ferociously!

3 million combat power!

Shocking!

Di He Shizu's eyes are full of pride!

Just in a meeting just now, it has learned that the combat power of this human being is only about 2.5 million stars.

This kind of combat power can't stop its punch at all!

It can immediately blast this human being!

At this critical moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved!

boom!

At that moment, his whole body burst into qi and blood!

click! click! click!

The next breath, his whole body muscles skyrocketed!