Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Tongtian hegemony!

Instant start!

At the same moment, Dihe Shizu's punch slammed into Qin Feng's chest!

Bang!

An earth-shattering muffled sound!

Qin Feng snorted and was blasted thousands of feet away with a punch, rolling in the air.

But in the next second, he stabilized his figure and settled in mid-air.

Looking more closely, he was unscathed, and his face didn't change!

He took that punch with ease!

Emperor River Shizu was suddenly dumbfounded!

what happened?

Is this guy all right?𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Isn't his combat power around 2.5 million stars?

The star combat power of 3 million can't hurt him!

Emperor River Shizu was extremely shocked!

I have seen countless top powerhouses!

This is the first time I have seen a person with such a strong defense!

Naturally, it didn't know that Qin Feng's full body hegemony was a low-grade magic skill, and its power was astonishing.

What's more, Qin Feng is still wearing a sky-splitting armor!

"Damn!"

Emperor River Shizu was unwilling!

In the next second, it roared and rushed towards Qin Feng.

At that moment, its whole body's momentum skyrocketed, and it suddenly increased to 3.2 million stars!

It doesn't believe it, it attacks with all its strength and still can't kill this little thief? !

At the same moment, Qin Feng has stabilized his body.

He hurriedly glanced at the timer, 3 seconds had passed, and he was in a panic.

Only by killing Emperor He Shizu within 10 seconds can he get an SSS rating.

Now that 3 seconds have passed, he is still at a disadvantage, let alone killing Emperor He Shizu.

If it goes on like this, what kind of SSS-level evaluation does he have? !

If he can't get the SSS level in this level, his chance to kill the gods will be lost.

Swish!

It was at this moment that Emperor Dihe Shizu broke through the air, and the speed was terrifying, and he was near in the blink of an eye.

Up to now, Qin Feng has realized that he has acquired time skills and has been slowed down the flow of time.

Because from the information of Emperor River Shizu, it has mastered the laws of time and space, and has not mastered any laws of speed!

Therefore, its speed cannot suddenly become so fast!

Thinking of this, his mind moved, and he split into two instantly.

The body of the two instruments is displayed!

The very positive body and the very negative body are themselves!

Emperor River Shizu was slightly taken aback!

Before he could react, the extreme cathode body instantly fissioned, and eight extreme cathode fission bodies were fissioned.

In the next breath, four of the extreme yin fission variants, at the same time, started the seal art, and performed the time backwards!

hum! hum! hum!

Go back in time four times and show it off!

The target of the display is actually the polar body!

In just an instant, the polar body returned to the state it was four seconds ago!

Four seconds ago, Emperor River Shizu hadn't used time delay yet.

This time, the time flow rate on the polar body body returned to normal!

However, he did not return to where Qin Feng was four seconds ago.

Obviously, this is a slight difference brought about by the changes in the body of yin and yang.

Only in this way, Ji Yang's body can clearly see the speed of Emperor Dihe Shizu, and his eyes show joy.

"Hey! This is..."

Emperor River Shizu also instantly sensed that the time delay imposed on Jiyang's body had disappeared strangely!

how can that be? !

Doesn't its time delay last for 3 minutes?

How did it disappear? !

This makes it freak out!

If it wants to delay the time, it still needs to wait for 3 minutes, that is the skill limit.

call out!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body teleported and appeared behind Emperor He Shizu.

"Damn!"

Emperor River Shizu was furious!

This kid is going to fight back!

call out!

In the next breath, it also teleported, but instead appeared behind Ji Yang's body.

Teleport to teleport!

Back hair can control people!

Emperor River Shizu is secretly proud of himself!

Mutations in the field!

The fifth extreme yin fission variant, cast back time on it!

Emperor River Shizu suddenly returned to his original position!

It was immediately stunned!

It turns out that Qin Feng has already discovered that the major fission bodies can also perform 'rewind time' and 'time still'.

In this way, he can break the shackles that these two skills cannot be used continuously.

Of course, to use these two time skills, the spirit power of the fission body needs to reach the demigod realm or higher.

Therefore, his extreme yin fission variant only fissioned eight statues.

If there are more fissures, the soul power of the fission body will not be strong enough, and it will not be able to be used.

Swish!

However, as soon as Emperor Dihe Shizu returned to his original position, he heard the sound of sword wind breaking through the air behind him!

It was horrified and wanted to teleport again, but the cooling time did not pass.

It wants to dodge, but there is no hurry!

hum!

In a critical moment, when his mind moved, a protective mask lit up on his body!

This **** human can force it to defend with all its strength!

This is something it hadn't thought of before!

However, this human's combat power is only 2.5 million stars, so it shouldn't be able to break its defense!

This human being has no way to take it after all!

Di He thought confidently!

It knows that Qin Feng's defense is strong, but unfortunately Qin Feng's attack is also so strong!

0

Swish!

Only when that thought came, Qin Feng's sword fell and slashed on the mask!

Click!

A crisp sound!

That sword cut through the mask!

when!

The remaining power of that sword smashed into the back of Di He's head, and there was a sound of gold and iron!

Suddenly, the residual hair is flying!

That sword slashed on the back of Di He's head, slashing through a layer of blood!

Boo!

Di He uttered a bird song in pain!

At this moment, it is extremely terrified!

It really did not expect that Qin Feng's attack power was so strong that it could break through its defense!

If it hadn't been as hard as iron, that sword would have been hit hard!

It seems that the attack power of this human being is even stronger than the defense power it shows!

horrible!

It's so scary!

At this moment, Di He finally panicked!

It really doesn't understand that Qin Feng is only 2.5 million star combat power, but his combat power and defense power are completely above 3 million stars, which is the same level as it.

What's even more terrifying is that this guy has mastered time and space skills and completely restrained it!

In addition to these abilities, this guy also masters many other laws, such as various clone fission, making it dazzling.

Up to now, Di He finally felt fear!

After so many years, it finally met its opponent!

Swish!

At the same time, Ji Yang's body saw that the first sword was not successful, and he struck out the second sword again!

call out!

Di He's teleportation time limit is over!

It hurriedly teleported and escaped.

.

But in the next breath, the sixth extreme yin fission variant, displayed the time back, pulling it back to its original position.

Swish!