Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Click!

when!

The mask is broken! Gold and iron symphony!

Repeat the previous scene again!

Ji Yang's body slashed into the back of Di He's head with another sword!

This second sword went down, and the back of the head was actually cut off, and the bones were alive!

Di He roared in pain!

call out!

The next second, it teleported away again!

The seventh extremely yin fission variant, cast back time again, and pulled it back again

Just like that, back and forth!

when!

when!

There are two consecutive sword-body chirping!

Click!

The last bang!

Blood splashes!

Ji Yang's body has three swords in a row!

The last sword split Di He's head in half!

Terrible roar!

Reverberate in the stars!

Di He's body burst into pieces and began to turn into a little bit of starlight.

call!

Finally killed it!

Jiyang body breathed a sigh of relief!

In the last blow, he also cast back the time before he had a chance to pull back the Emperor River.

Otherwise, there is a real possibility that it will escape!

After all, the eight extreme yin fission variants have all completed their time travel, and their skills are in a cooling state.

Fortunately, his last sword beheading was successful!

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, the polar yang body and the eight polar yin fission variants merged into one.

Qin Feng appeared again.

At the same time, Dihe's body disappeared into the starlight, and another white light poured into Qin Feng's body.

[Killing the ancestors of Guandi River successfully! You gain +110 billion energy points. ã€‘

[Killing the ancestors of Guandi River successfully! You gain +90 billion Judgment Points. ã€‘

[You have been promoted to Level 47 Judge Lord (Advanced)! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your level has been promoted to level 55! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€You get 200 free attributes! ã€‘

good! good!

This time, both the vocation and the level have been upgraded at the same time!

Qin Feng is quite happy!

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who killed Dihe Shizu in 9 seconds, got the SSS rating and got 150 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points have increased to 1374 points]

Another SSS rating!

It's not easy!

Qin Feng is secretly glad!

This time, he killed him within 9 seconds, and the process can be described as thrilling.

correct!

Emperor River Shizu is dead!

That Dijiang Spirit Egg is his!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng excitedly looked at the altar not far away.

At this moment, the god-level spirit egg lay quietly in the center of the altar.

Chapter 534 Reincarnation is immortal! Queen Bee!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Congratulations to the players for getting the SSS level evaluation of this level! Got an extra bonus! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward double the luck value! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward two nine-turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)! ã€‘

[Congratulations, you are the first player to get SSS-level evaluation in seven consecutive levels, you have gained +100 reputation points]

100 more reputation points!

Qin Feng's reputation has reached 3170 points!

ã€You are the first player to get the SSS rating in seven consecutive levelsã€‘

ã€The first record-breaker! The extra reward is increased to five times (the prestige reward remains unchanged)]

ã€Your additional rewards are changed as followsã€‘

ã€You get five times the luck valueã€‘

[You have obtained 10 Nine-Turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)]

good! good!

Another record-breaking five times the reward!Alll ğ’ğ’‚test novğ’†lğ’” on novelbğ’Šn/(.)cğ’m

hum!

At this time, the sky oscillated, and the five Qi Luck beams fell one after another!

Qin Feng closed his eyes involuntarily, accepted the empowerment of Qi Luck, and enjoyed the wonderful feeling of Qi Luck improvement.

After a while, the Qi Luck empowerment is over!

His luck value has reached 28 times, and he is not far from the goal of 30 times!

As long as he gets the SSS grade evaluation in the next level, the luck title will definitely be promoted!

That great benefit is to come!

Just thinking about it makes people look forward to it!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

hum!

Another roar of heaven and earth!

The reward beam falls!

Ten nine-turn Divine Physique Pills, slowly falling along the beam of light

After a while, the Divine Body Pill arrived in front of Qin Feng.

He happily put it away!

In this way, the Divine Body Pill in his hand has accumulated to 20!

After receiving the reward, Qin Feng strode to the front altar, shot directly, and shattered the protective mask of the altar

Afterwards, he jumped onto the altar and walked over to the Dijiang Spirit Egg with joy!

The spirit egg at the peak of the low-grade **** rank!

If you are lucky, there is hope to cultivate into a middle-grade god-level egg!

And the middle grade **** rank corresponds to the true **** realm!

The strength of the general star master level power is the real **** realm!

Qin Feng feels that his luck is really good!

If you pass a level, you can get a low-grade god-level peak spiritual egg, luck is not generally good!

Of course, he was also the only one who passed the seventh level!

Otherwise, this spiritual egg would have been landed first!

He didn't want to think so much, he still quickly let the spirit egg recognize the master!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood clotting on his finger and dripped it into the egg.

Snapped!

The fiery red blood essence dripped on the eggshell!

In the next second, the spirit egg sucked out the blood essence at a speed visible to the naked eye.

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the spirit egg emitted a faint silver light and released a joyful mental wave.

At that moment, there was telepathy between Qin Feng and Ling Egg, as if they had signed a soul contract.

ã€Recognize the Lord successfully! The Dijiang Spirit Egg has recognized you as the master! ã€‘

call! It worked!

Qin Feng breathed a long sigh of relief and was quite happy.

With this spirit egg, he will have another powerful subordinate!

This makes him look forward to it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stroked the egg with a smile and comforted the little guy inside.

Soon, the active mental thoughts in the egg gradually calmed down and fell asleep again.

Qin Feng also put away the egg with satisfaction.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

[After 20 minutes of rest, the eighth level will be opened]