Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: At the end of each level, players have 20 minutes of rest time. 】

[Reminder: Players can also choose not to rest and go directly to the next level. 】

[Your rest time has accumulated to 80 minutes. 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng's thoughts turned into white light and disappeared.

If he wants to rest, he has to win the eighth level and then talk about it.

After a while, Qin Feng appeared in the different space of the eighth level.

It is a big world full of life, full of colorful flowers everywhere!

Looking up, a piece of purple and red, stretching for thousands of miles, is like a huge sea of ​​flowers!

What's even more amazing is that those are the fifth-order, sixth-order, seventh-order, and eighth-order spirit flowers, and there are even a few rare ninth-order spirit flowers.

In this huge sea of ​​flowers, there are also a few spiritual fruits, ranging from the fifth to the ninth order.

The air is filled with refreshing floral and fruity aromas!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

So many spirit flowers and spirit fruits are simply a huge treasure trove!

If he collects all these spirit flowers and spirit fruits, their value is no less than a low-grade artifact, or even higher!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a burst of heat in his heart.

Then, he was again attracted by a huge thing ahead.

It turned out to be a huge beehive, without any support point, but suspended in the air strangely.

If you look closely, the hive is so high!

The lattice of each hive is ten times larger than a house.

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

call out! call out! call out!

Those honeycomb buttons, the light and shadow flashed, and one figure after another flew out!

In just a moment, more than 200 figures flew out, and Qin Feng was surrounded at once!

Qin Feng quickly looked at those people and saw that most of them were women, and only one tenth were men.

Look at these people again, all of them have bee wings on their backs, tentacles on their heads, and hold a black long spear.

The tips of those long spears were blue and barking, as if they had been smeared with poison, and they were extremely scary!

Qin Feng's eyebrows and eyes flashed, and he went to detect one of them.

【Evil Object】: Death Bee God

[Boundary]: The initial stage of demigods

[Combat Strength]: 250,000 to 300,000 stars

[Talent]: A-level law of gold, S-level law of death

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

After reading the information, Qin Feng was stunned!

It turns out that these are the gods of death bees, presumably some kind of monster bees.

Then the long spears in their hands should be transformed by their poisonous thorns, which are highly poisonous.

Then imagine that they have mastered the law of death. If they are stabbed by those long spears, they will be highly poisonous, which should not be underestimated!

Could it be that this level is to kill all these death bees?

That is very difficult!

Qin Feng did a rough calculation and found that there are 251 bee gods in total, each of which is the initial strength of a demigod.

These forces are united, and the combat power is comparable to the initial stage of the False God.

But the key problem is that Qin Feng must kill this group of bee gods within 10 seconds in order to get the SSS rating.

This difficulty is even more difficult than killing a False God alone in the middle stage!

Because of the single goal, he can go all out.

But when these 251 bee gods saw that the situation was wrong, they fled in all directions, so what should be done to ensure that they were all killed within 10 seconds?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is a little worried!

At the same time, those bee gods were also looking at Qin Feng and muttering constantly.

"It's been so many years! Finally a player broke into our eighth level!"

"Yeah! This human is only at the Earth-level realm! I can kill him in seconds if any one person makes a move!"

"Xiaoyuan, you can't say that! This is the gold slaying god-level assessment! Who can break into the eighth level, which one is the weak? You don't think he is at the prefecture level, maybe he has the initial combat power of the False God. !"

"No way?! Such an exaggeration!"

"Yeah! I also think it's too exaggerated! Even if it's a gold-killing god-level assessment, it's not bad that a prefecture-level player can have the peak strength of a demigod!"

"That's right! I also think that it would be good for this human being to have the peak strength of a demigod!"

"Let me see, maybe he doesn't even have the peak of a demigod, and his strength is only in the middle stage of a demigod, just a little bit stronger than us! But we have many people, as long as we shoot together, we can easily kill him!"

Those bee gods kept mumbling!

They have never seen other players, and this is the first time they have seen a player break through, so naturally they will be inaccurate!

Obviously, they all underestimated Qin Feng's strength!

And it's a huge underestimate!

This is mainly because Qin Feng's realm is too low, making it difficult for them to accept that a prefecture-level realm can be so much stronger than them.

At this time, someone in the crowd spoke again.

"No matter what strength he is, as long as my king takes action personally, even if he has the initial strength of a false god, he will have to die!"

"That's right! Her Majesty should be out!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng was shocked!

What? !

Besides these bee gods, is there a king bee god? !

call out!

That thought only arose, and a white light flashed in the field, and a slender figure appeared above the heads of the bee gods.

"Her Majesty the Queen!"

"I have seen my king!"

When the bee gods saw the person, they respectfully saluted.

Qin Feng looked up quickly and saw that the person was a slim, beautiful and cold woman.

There is also a pair of huge bee wings on its back, but no antennae on its head.

At this moment, she is staring at Qin Feng coldly

Qin Feng's brows and eyes flashed, and he quietly probed towards her.

[Evil Object]: Queen Bee God

[Boundary]: Mid-stage False God

[Combat Strength]: 3 million to 3.3 million stars

[Talent] S-level Law of Life, S-level Law of Death, SS-level Reincarnation of Life and Death

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guards, reincarnation does not die.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

[Reminder]: The queen bee does not die, and the bees do not die.

After reading the joy, Qin Feng's face changed slightly!

This Queen of the Bee God is actually an existence in the middle stage of the False God!

Judging from the scope of its combat power, it is even stronger than Emperor River Shizu!

What's even more frightening is that it also mastered the SS-level law of reincarnation of life and death!

Then she must have some means of infinite resurrection!

It's even harder to kill!

correct!

Looking at the message of the queen bee, it reminds me that 'the queen bee does not die, and the bees do not die'.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart suddenly sank!

The meaning is already obvious!

If you want to kill the bee gods, you must first kill the bee **** queen!

Otherwise, the queen bee can revive those bee gods infinitely, which is simply inexhaustible!

At this moment, the Queen's cold voice came from the front.

"Haha! After all these years! I finally saw a player here! This king thought that there were no geniuses in this universe! Now, I have finally seen a decent one."

Queen Bee's tone was high.

At this time, a bee **** asked in a flattering tone. "Your Majesty! What kind of strength do you think this human being is? Everyone says that he is only at the peak of a demigod, and some even say he is a middle-stage demigod."

Queen Bee smiled and shook her head: "That's not true! After all, this is a gold slaying god-level test, which is one level stronger than the ordinary god-killing level. If you want to see this king, he can break through the eighth level and barely have the initial stage of False God. strength!"

"Hey! The early stage of False God? This is too exaggerated!"

"Yeah! This human boy is only at the Earth level, how can he have such a strong combat power?"

"Could it be that the Gold Slaughtering God level is so strong?"

"I guess so! Her Majesty's judgment is never wrong!"

At this moment, the bee gods were amazed.

But there are still some people who can't believe the judgement of the Queen Bee.

Qin Feng was a little speechless!

These guys are like a bunch of uninitiated hillbillies!

5.5 Obviously, they all underestimated the power of the golden slayer!

Even the queen bee is no exception!

Besides, the chance of Qin Feng's activation is not the golden slaying **** level, but the higher level emperor tyrant slaughtering the gods level!

At this time, Queen Bee spoke again...

"This king knows, and some people won't believe it. After a while, you will know the strength of this human being. Whether he has the initial strength of False God, we will wait and see!"

As soon as she finished speaking, she looked at Qin Feng again, and the corners of her beautiful mouth twitched slightly.

"Human! I hope you don't disappoint this king!"

Qin Feng didn't answer, but sneered in his heart.

He even killed the gatekeeper demons in the middle stage of the False God, so what is more than the early stage of the False God?

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Please kill the queen bee and all the bee gods within 20 minutes. If you fail to kill them within the time limit, you will be judged to have failed to break through the level! 】

[Reminder: After 10 seconds, the time to pass the level officially starts. Countdown: 1098]

boom!

As soon as he heard the prompt, Qin Feng's heart sank!