Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Sure enough!

The condition to pass this level is to kill all the bee gods and the queen bee gods!

The strength of this Queen Bee is probably even stronger than Emperor Dihe Shizu!

Within 10 seconds, he didn't even have the confidence to kill the Queen Bee.

What's more, he has to kill 251 bee gods!

This difficulty is probably more than twice that of the previous level!

Qin Feng sighed in his heart, secretly thinking about the SSS-level evaluation of this level, I'm afraid it won't be guaranteed.

However, he will not give up!

Chapter 535 Attack the Queen! Kill the gods!

At the same time, the queen bee and the bee gods also heard the Heavenly Dao prompt.

"Her Majesty! The countdown is over!"

All the bee gods are gearing up for each other, looking a little excited!

This is the first time they have experienced a battle against each other!

Queen Bee smiled slightly, with some expectations in her heart.

She really wanted to see, what kind of strength is the human player who can make it to the eighth level?

Immediately, she said: "According to the rules of heaven, the evaluation of these players is based on the length of time they have passed the test. If you shoot for a while, don't hold back!"

"The lower the evaluation the player gets, the higher the Heavenly Dao reward I'm waiting for!"

As soon as these words fell, the bee gods laughed.

"Your Majesty! I don't need you to take action, I can kill this kid! If he wants to pass the level, it's a dream! As for the evaluation of passing the level, he doesn't even need to think about it!"

All the bee gods are confident!

This is the strength of the crowd!

What's more, it is the first time they have come into contact with the players, and when they see the prefecture-level realm, it is inevitable that they will look down upon them.

At this moment, Qin Feng's mind moved, and it was divided into two parts.

The very positive body and the very negative body are themselves!

"This human uses a clone!"

"Heh! Does he think that one more clone can change the situation of the war? We have 251 people, including Her Majesty the Queen, that's 252 people! What can he change with one more clone?"

As soon as these words fell, all the bee gods showed a playful smile.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

【Countdown is over! Clearance time starts]

Swish! Swish! Swish!

As soon as the prompt came out, the bee gods slaughtered the two main bodies of Qin Feng.

They want to kill Qin Feng in the shortest time to get the highest reward from Heaven

The anode body and the cathode body remain in place without any movement.

At the same moment, Queen Bee hovered in the air, watching the battle in a leisurely manner, but did not intend to take action immediately.

In the blink of an eye, the bee gods came to the front!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

In the next second, more than 200 bee gods shot at the same time, a long spear, slammed into the two main bodies!

boom! boom! boom!

In an instant, more than 200 demigod-level attacks, the momentum joined together, and suddenly reached the initial stage of False God!

That power is astonishing!

Heaven and earth are trembling with 31!

However, the anode body and the cathode body still did not move.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

In a blink of an eye, the attack of the gods is approaching!

Seeing the two main bodies, they are about to be smashed into **** by the gods

Not far away, Queen Bee frowned slightly, and there was a hint of disappointment in her eyes!

I don't know what this human being is scared of, or what is going on, it seems that the response is a little slow!

Could it be that the players who have broken through eight levels in a row are like this?

This idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

call out! call out!

White light flashes!

Qin Feng's two main bodies teleported and disappeared out of thin air at the same time!

boom! boom! boom!

The attack of the bee gods was in vain!

Bombing directly into the void, the sky and the earth are torn apart, inch by inch, and the scene is amazing!

At the same moment, the two main bodies have appeared behind the queen bee!

Qin Feng knew in his heart that to pass this level, he had to kill the queen first!

Otherwise, even if he kills more bee gods, it will be useless!

Because of the queen bee, the bee gods can be resurrected infinitely!

Swish! Swish!

Two sword lights soared into the sky!

Slash at the back of the queen bee!

Those two heaven-penetrating sword qi, one after another, made the situation of heaven and earth change!

It turned out to be teleportation!

The queen bee sneered from the bottom of her heart, but she didn't dodge. The bee's wings slammed behind her back, and she propped up a feather-wing shield.

This human being has mastered spatial teleportation, which is a good method.

However, if you want to sneak attack on Jiangong based on this, then you will be underestimating her!

The queen bee is a little disdainful in her heart!

She didn't think that Qin Feng's attack could break her defense.

You know, she is a dignified mid-stage False God.

Even if a prefecture-level human makes a sneak attack, it will never break her defense.

At the same moment, the bee gods in front also reacted.

"The thief ran away!"

"He's going to attack the queen!"

"court death!"

The bee gods turned their heads suddenly, and saw the scene of the sneak attack, all of them were filled with righteous indignation, and some disdain...

At this moment, the attack of the polar body came down!

Swish!

That Tongtian sword light contains the power of many laws, and its power is extremely terrifying!

click!

Just a whisper!

That sword shattered the shield of Queen Bee's wings!

The bee gods were stunned!

Even the Queen Bee was stunned for a moment!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the attack of the extreme yin body also fell!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Without the protection of the winged shield, the Queen Bee was split in half by a sword!

The bee gods were dumbfounded!

how can that be!

In their eyes, Her Majesty the Queen, who has always been invincible, was killed by this human being!

boom!

In the next second, the queen's body burst into pieces, turning into a blood mist.

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the blood mist rolled rapidly, and a cyan aura lit up!

The Queen Bee has begun to display the talent of reincarnation and is rapidly resurrecting

Swish!

In the blink of an eye, those blood mists shrank into human form, and the queen was about to come back to life!

The resurrection speed of the reincarnation talent is extremely fast!

call out!

But at this moment, Ji Yang's main body's eyebrows and eyes shot out an invisible soul thorn, which slammed into the blood mist.

boom!

A groan came from the blood fog!

The bee **** queen's soul body was injured, and the humanoid blood mist collapsed!

That soul-killing thorn is the nemesis of resurrection skills!

But the Queen Bee didn't die, but her spirit body became weaker.

Immediately afterwards, the blood mist churned again, and she was going to continue to revive

At this moment, she felt extremely regretful in her heart.

It was because she was too careless and underestimated Qin Feng, only to be seized by the two main bodies, killing the flesh with one blow.

boom!

Seeing this scene, the bee gods woke up suddenly!

"Damn!"

"Quick! Quickly save the queen!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

In the next second, the bee gods turned around and fought back, trying to save the queen and bring her back to life smoothly!

They know in their hearts that if the queen falls, they will die, and this human will also pass the barrier!

If the queen does not die, they can be resurrected indefinitely and can hold this level!

What a surprise!

This human being is so strong!