Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the bee gods were extremely frightened and deeply shocked.

Until this moment, they didn't realize how stupid they were before!

How dare you underestimate the golden god-killing player who has broken through eight levels in a row!

At the same moment, when the two main bodies saw the bee gods killing them, they also felt bad!

The combined strength of these bee gods is comparable to the initial stage of the False God, and must not be underestimated!

If these bee gods are surrounded and killed, there is no way to kill the queen bee with all their strength.

They must stop those bees and buy themselves some time.

Thinking of this, the body of the extremely yin body flashes with white light!

In just an instant, he fissioned 256 extremely yin fission bodies, and the combat power of each fission body reached the peak of the sky.

After consciously awakening his ninth sense, Qin Feng's limit of the number of fission bodies doubled.

From 128 to 256!

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, all 256 extremely Yin fission variants teleported out, blocking those bee gods in a one-on-one situation and fighting them.

The cathode body must buy time for the anode body!

At the same moment, the long sword in Ji Yang's body slashed wildly!

While he bombarded the blood mist frantically, he kept shooting out the soul-killing thorns, with the divine light of divine punishment mixed in between.

Soon, he was pleasantly surprised to discover that without the protection of the flesh, the divine light of divine punishment caused damage to the soul. It was ten times stronger than the Soul Killer thorn.

Under the protection of the physical body, the attack of the soul destroying thorn is sharper!

Now, the body of the Queen Bee has turned into a blood mist, and her soul body is hidden in the blood mist. She has no physical protection and is suitable for being attacked by the divine light of punishment.

This discovery makes Jiyang body overjoyed!

Immediately, he attacked the blood fog while bombarding the soul body in the blood fog with the divine light of divine punishment!

boom! boom! boom!

Divine Sword Bombing and Killing Continuously!

call out! call out! call out!

The divine light of divine punishment is continuously lasing!

There were screams in the blood fog!

The aura of the Queen Bee's soul body is falling madly!

Every time she uses the power of the law to resurrect, she will be blasted away by the sword of the extreme sun body, and then suffer a strike of the divine light of punishment to penetrate the soul body

As a result, she couldn't bear it at all, and screamed again and again!

At the same time, 256 extreme yin fission variants and the bee gods were killed together!

The field has already been killed in darkness, the sun and the moon have no light!

But those extremely yin fission variants have too many fission times. After all, they only have the strength of the peak of the sky, not the opponents of the bee gods.

Those bee gods are the strength of the demigods in the early stage, and their combat power ranges from 250,000 to 300,000 stars. They are not considered the bottom of the demigods.

Even if those extremely Yin fission variants have mastered many S-level, SS-level, and SSS-level laws, they still cannot change the situation.

After all, the combat power of the fission variants is only 100,000 stars.

The difference in strength between the two sides is too great!

No matter how many techniques and laws, in the face of the huge gap in strength, one can only drink and hate on the spot!

It is the so-called one power down ten meeting!

Soon, a variant with an extremely negative fission was killed by those bee gods.

In fact, those bee gods were extremely shocked in their hearts!

According to the past, this kind of combat power is only a 100,000-star sky-level peak, and they can easily kill them in seconds.

But this time, it took them more than a dozen face-to-face encounters to kill one, which was incredible!

If the same level of combat power encounters these extreme yin fission variants, it will definitely be killed by the extreme yin fission variant.

In just a few seconds, 256 extremely yin fission variants were killed by the bee gods!

But before they could breathe a sigh of relief, another extreme yin body emerged from the extreme yang body intact.

The body of two instruments!

Yin and Yang are intertwined!

They want to annihilate the Yin fission variant, it is absolutely impossible.

Only by destroying the anode body and the cathode body at the same time can the cathode body be truly killed.

Otherwise, which body cannot be killed, the other body will resurrect the killed body, and the momentum will not be damaged at all.

This is the power of the two-meter body!

Seeing this scene, the bee gods were a little dumbfounded!

After a long time, they worked in vain!

But before they could think about it, there was an incomparably shrill scream in front of them!

The blood mist formed by the queen bee completely dissipated, and began to turn into a sky full of stars, slowly disappearing.

At the same time, a dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into the body of the polar sun.

[Killing the guardian bee queen successfully! You gain +120 billion energy points. 】

[Killing the guardian bee queen successfully! You gain +100 billion Judgment Points. 】

[You have been promoted to Level 48 Judge Master (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

At this moment, the body of Ji Yang lit up the white light of the upgrade of the vocation!

He actually killed the queen bee!

The bee gods were completely dumbfounded!

The queen is dead!

They have lost their greatest support and can no longer be resurrected infinitely!

boom!

In the next second, the bee gods collapsed and fled in all directions.

There was an exclamation from the crowd!

"Quick! Run away!"

"Everyone flees in all directions! After 20 minutes, as long as there is one of us alive, we will win!"

The bee gods roared in alarm, and they all fled around desperately!

They never imagined that what seemed like a sure-fire game turned into this!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

That human player is really scary!

call out! call out! call out!

But before they could escape, the extreme yin body fissioned 256 fission bodies, and they teleported out one after another, intercepting them all!

boom!

At the same moment, the anti-god wings behind Ji Yang's body suddenly unfolded!

Swish!

In the next second, Divine Wing was shocked!

It blasted out thousands of feather arrows and blasted away at those bee gods!

That is exactly the skill attached to the Wings of the God-God Feather Arrow Formation!

What is frightening is that the power of each feather arrow has reached the pinnacle level of a demigod.

The clones of the two instruments can copy all the combat power, but cannot copy the artifact.

The combat power of the polar yang body and the polar negative body is the same.

However, the divine weapons such as the Wings of the Gods and the Sword of Xing Zhu were all in the hands of Ji Yang's body.

The role of the artifact is not only to feed back combat power, but also many other magical uses.

For example, the group attacking skill attached to the 520 Wings of the God of War - Shenyu Arrow Formation, showed its mighty power at this moment!

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

In the blink of an eye, those feather arrows pierced through the bodies of the bee gods, injuring them all, and their momentum plummeted.

The bee gods screamed and wailed as they fled wildly around.

But 256 extremely negative fission variants entangled them.

At their peak, each extreme yin fission variant could entangle them for a few seconds.

Now, their strength has plummeted, and it is easier for the extremely negative fission variant to entangle them.

Jiyang body took the opportunity to attack wildly!

He constantly waved his divine wings and shot out tens of thousands of feathered arrows.

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

Those bee gods couldn't bear the attack of the three feather arrows at all. Under the mad bombardment of the Shenyu arrow array, they were shot and exploded, turning into a blood fog on the spot.

Of course, if it weren't for the interception of the extreme yin fission variants, as long as some bee gods escaped the coverage of the Shenyu Arrow Formation, then the trouble would be big!

Although Qin Feng can kill them, it takes more time

In less than three seconds, more than 200 bee gods were shot to death!

Immediately afterwards, in the blood mist all over the sky, white light flew out one after another, pouring into the body of Ji Yang's body.

[Successfully killed the Guardian Death Bee God, you have obtained +6 billion energy points and +5 billion judgment points. 】

[Successfully killed the Guardian Death Bee God, you have obtained +6 billion energy points and +5 billion judgment points. 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's energy value and judgment value are soaring wildly.

This makes him quite happy!

After a while, the backfeeding ended, and Tiandao also sent a reminder

[You have been promoted to Level 49 Judge Lord (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 400 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 400 points! 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 56! 】

【Your strength index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 500 points! 】