Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

【Your energy index increases by 500 points! 】

【You get 200 free attributes! 】

Vocation and level have been upgraded at the same time!

The harvest of this level upgrade is more than the previous seven levels!

Of course, he also killed more gatekeeper demons.

Afterwards, the polar anode body and the multipolar cathode fission variant fused uniquely.

Qin Feng appeared!

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, it took you 10 seconds to kill the queen bee and all the bee gods, and got an SSS rating and 160 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points have increased to 1534 points]

Exactly 10 seconds!

Very thrilling to get an SSS rating!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

I secretly think that my luck is too good, as expected of the little master of luck!

In short, he succeeded!

Next, as long as he also gets the SSS grade rating in the last level, he will have the chance to kill the gods.

Chapter Five Hundred and Thirty-Six Low Grade Divine Pills! Not an inch of grass is left!

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Congratulations to the players for getting the SSS level evaluation of this level! Got an extra bonus! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward double the luck value! 】

【Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward two nine-turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)! 】

【You are the first player to get an SSS rating in eight consecutive levels, you get +150 reputation points】

【You are the first entrant in this level and the first record-breaker! The extra reward has been increased to six times (the prestige reward remains unchanged)]

【You get six times the luck value】

[You have obtained 12 Nine-Turn Divine Body Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)]ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

This level has more rewards!

Even the prestige has increased!

Qin Feng smiled.

hum!

Soon, the six qi luck beams fell one by one and poured into Qin Feng's head.

He couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the boost of luck

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your savvy has increased 34 times! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! You are 34 times more likely to get the chance! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your success rate of breaking through the bottleneck is increased by 34 times! 】

[It is detected that your air luck value exceeds 30 times, reaching the promotion standard of air luck title]

[Congratulations on your second title 'Little Master of Luck' being promoted to 'Child of Luck'! 】

hum!

It was another clear sound of heaven and earth, as if it came from nine heavens away!

Then, a milky white sacred beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's body.

The next second, his whole body momentum began to soar.

【Congratulations on your success in obtaining the title of 'Child of Fortune'! You get a 200,000-star combat power blessing! 】

【Congratulations on your success in obtaining the title of 'Child of Fortune'! ! You got +200 reputation bonus! 】

[Reminder: With the title of 'Child of Fortune', it is easier to obtain many opportunities. 】

[Reminder: There is a higher-level title on top of the title of 'Child of Luck', and you can be promoted if you improve your luck. 】

For a long time, all visions dissipated!

Qin Feng opened his eyes, full of ecstasy.

The title of this 'Child of Luck' is so powerful that it directly added 200,000 combat power and 200 reputation to him.

As a result, his basic combat power reached 2.72 million stars.

At the same time, his reputation has reached 3520 points.

This is a huge improvement!

hum!

At this time, there was another sound of heaven and earth, and the reward beam fell!

Twelve nine-turn divine body pills slowly fell along the beam of light

After a while, Qin Feng happily put away the Divine Body Pill.

In this way, he has 32 Divine Body Pills in his hand.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder

[After 20 minutes of rest, the ninth level will be opened]

[Reminder: At the end of each level, players have 20 minutes of rest time. 】

[Reminder: Players can also choose not to rest and go directly to the next level. 】

[Your rest time has accumulated to 100 minutes. 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He naturally chose to rest.

These 100 minutes are very important to him.

The eighth level!

Because of the carelessness of the queen bee and the bee gods, he was lucky to clear the level in the 10th second.

And the ninth level will be even harder!

If he doesn't improve again, I'm afraid he won't get the SSS grade evaluation.

If the ninth level fails, the previous efforts will be in vain.

Now, he is only one step away from the emperor-level chance, but he can't make mistakes.

He needs to be well prepared for this!

Even if he has just improved his 200,000-star combat power, it is still difficult to guarantee that he can get an SSS-level evaluation in the ninth level.

So, he needs to keep improving

Thinking of this, Qin Feng overlooked the sea of ​​flowers below.

I saw high-level spiritual flowers everywhere, including ninth-order spiritual flowers, and occasionally some spiritual fruits. It was a huge treasure trove!

Now, he urgently needs to improve his strength, maybe these spirit flowers and spirit fruits can also help him.

With this in mind, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, and the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body appeared at the same time.

In the next second, the two main bodies fission at the same time, fissioning 256 extremely positive fission bodies and 256 extremely negative fission bodies respectively.

Subsequently, 32 fission bodies were left in the field.

The other four hundred fission bodies entered the sea of ​​flowers and began to collect those high-level spiritual flowers.

A feast of harvest of spirit flowers began like this.

At the same time, the remaining 32 fission bodies took out the Nine-Turn Divine Body Pill, swallowed and refined them.

In addition, there were 3 fission bodies that flew to the huge hive in the air.

As soon as the three fission bodies entered the hive, they were amazed.

It looks like a huge palace, and a bit like a labyrinth. There are hundreds of rooms inside, and many treasures are hidden.

At the moment, the three fission bodies immediately collected treasures in the hive, and one of them went straight to the queen's lair.

Half an hour later, the three fission bodies flew out of the hive with a happy face.

After this trip, Qin Feng received a lot of money.

One of the fission bodies found a low-grade god-level elixir in the queen's lair.

[Jade Juice Pill: Low Grade God Rank]

[This elixir is made by the Queen Bee using ninth-order nectar to assist all kinds of heaven and earth treasures. 】

[Refining this pill can increase the upper limit of cultivation qualifications]

[Reminder: It takes about 5 hours to refine this pill]

After reading the information, Qin Feng was very excited.

Divine pills that can improve one's aptitude are extremely rare!

This is a great opportunity that can be met but not sought.

However, it took 5 hours to refine this elixir, which was obviously too late.

All this can only be done after the completion of the assessment, and then go to refining the pill.

At the moment, the three fission bodies collected the medicinal pills and joined the army of collecting spirit flowers.

In fact, the huge beehive in the air is a low-grade god-level treasure.

But Tiandao's reminder is not to be collected, obviously it is to be left for the Queen Bee.

After all, they are just gatekeepers, and they will be resurrected by Heaven.

Qin Feng had to give up the collection.

Of course, he is already satisfied with the current harvest.

In this way, Qin Feng started a feast of various harvests in the eighth level, and he was extremely happy.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm.

Longyuan Town has captured the sixteen known guardian forces.

After this series of battles, Long Yuan's strength greatly increased.

Today, the fighting strength of Long Yuan's children has reached more than 3,000 stars.

The combat power has broken through to the ninth level of heaven, and it has reached more than ten people.

At this point, Long Yuan's overall strength has improved again.

In fact, in the process, Longyuan Town accidentally discovered a challenge force, an alliance composed of more than a dozen novice villages, with thousands of people.

However, it is all Baipi and Asan.

The disciples of Long Yuan are naturally not polite, killing those who deserve to be killed, and capturing those who deserve to be captured.

In the end, they killed hundreds of diehards and captured more than six thousand.

This brought the number of prisoners in Longyuan Town to 70,000, and the logistical force was strengthened again.

As Longyuan Town continued to expand, their demand for captives also increased.

At this moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel, everyone was chatting excitedly.

"Everyone, our combat power has reached 10,000 stars, and we have reached more than 3,000 people. As long as the boss unlocks the 10,000-star feedback, he can immediately get 2,000 people's feedback."

"Great! This time, the feedback should make the boss increase a lot of strength!"

"Upstairs, if the boss wants to unlock the 10,000-star feedback, he needs more than 60 sites in Longyuan Town. We only have 56 sites now, and there are still 4 sites left!"