Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! Don't worry upstairs! With our strength, the goal of 60 seats will soon be achieved."

"By the way, everyone, count the time, Daokong and the boss's prestige bet, it's about time, right?"

"Yeah! It's only two hours away. That's 3,000 reputation points! It's terrifying to think about!"

"Yeah! 3000 reputation points! This is too high! I'm a little worried about the boss!"

"If the boss loses, his 10,000-star combat power will be deducted! This is a huge amount! By the way, how much do you think the boss is famous? Will he win?"

"This boss's clone must know, but I dare not ask."

"Hey! I don't dare to ask! However, I guess it's not a big problem for the boss to win. If there is a problem with reputation, the boss's clone would have told everyone."

"According to what you said, isn't that Dao Kong dead?"

"Yeah! By the way, if Daokong loses, he will be deducted 1 million star combat power, then he will die! Haha!"

As soon as these words fell, the crowd burst into laughter.

Everyone is looking forward to the outcome of the bet.

They also want to know how much Qin Feng's reputation is, and they are afraid of disturbing the three avatars.

The three avatars are very busy!

Nowadays, Long Yuan's children are more and more in awe of Qin Feng, and they are also full of respect for the three avatars, so they don't dare to disturb them easily.

Even if there is an important question, it is from the three of Fengqi's mother-in-law, Qishan and Liu Xuan.

In short, Longyuan Town continued to expand during this period, and the harvest was also extremely huge.

As long as Qin Feng leaves the assessment site, he will receive a huge feedback

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed.

Lingtian Temple, the golden slaying **** test area, in the space of the eighth level.

At this moment, 32 fission bodies have finished refining the nine-turn Divine Body Pill, which made Qin Feng's combat power skyrocket by 400,000 stars in one fell swoop.

So far, Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 3.12 million stars.

This surprised him!

However, all this improvement is not over.

I saw the 32 fission variants, and they took out the spirit grass spirit flowers one after another, and began to extract endlessly.

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a lot of essence from Daishen grass, your soul body is nourished, and the energy index +10,000 points]

【Endless extraction success! You get a lot of essence from the blood flower, your blood is nourished, and your body mass index is +10,000 points]

【Endless extraction success! You get a lot of essence from the jade bone flower, your bones are moisturized, and the strength index +10,000 points]

Just like that, a prompt sounded in Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness.

He clearly felt that the nourishment of various spiritual flowers and grasses to himself, and the whole body was constantly being strengthened.

It turned out that Qin Feng's hundreds of fission variants collected a large number of spirit flowers and plants in the eighth level

He is now beginning to digest the gains.

Of course, there are too many spirit flowers and spirit grasses.

Even now, those fission bodies have not been collected

In this way, Qin Feng digested some spirit flowers and spirit plants while collecting spirit flowers and spirit plants.

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, the rest time was coming to an end, and only the last ten seconds were left.

At this moment, Qin Feng overlooked the entire space and showed a satisfied smile.

He finally collected all the spirit flowers and spirit grasses in the entire space, and the harvest was full.

During this time, he also extracted the essence of thousands of spiritual flowers.

This has raised his basic combat power to 3.2 million stars in one fell swoop, and his comprehensive strength has skyrocketed.

"With my current strength, the ninth level should be able to win the SSS-level evaluation, right?"

Qin Feng smiled confidently.

At this moment, he is full of confidence.

After all, his current strength is more than a little bit stronger than before entering the eighth level!

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao.

【Your break time is over! Immediately enter the ninth level]

As soon as the prompt ended, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

And at the moment he disappeared, white light flashed between heaven and earth.

The queen bee and the bee gods were resurrected by heaven and appeared one after another

But after they were resurrected, they only saw a bare world, and their wailing and crying echoed in the field.

For those who fail to keep the gate, Tiandao will not give any compensation.

This time, they suffered heavy losses

Chapter 537 World Tree! Kill through nine levels!

At this moment, Qin Feng appeared in the ninth level.

That is a starry sky!

All around are large and small starry sky meteorites, densely suspended in the void, like the wreckage of a planet after it has exploded.

There is endless slaughter in the field!

Qin Feng's eyes fell on a huge meteorite in the starry sky ahead.

There was a strange little sapling growing on it, emitting twelve rays of brilliance, its whole body emerald green, and nine leaves were born.

On each leaf surface, the illusion of a world emerges, with mountains, rivers, rivers, flowers, fish, birds and beasts, all showing in it.

Nine leaves, as if holding the nine worlds!

Qin Feng was surprised, his eyebrows slowly opened and closed, and he probed towards the spirit tree.

[World tree (sapling): middle-grade god-rank, heaven and earth wonders, has recognized the master. 】

[Reminder: After the World Tree matures, it can be promoted to a high-grade god-level thing. 】

[Refining the world tree can allow you to gain infinite power of the world, and it can also make it easier for the owner to be promoted to the realm of true gods. 】

[Origin: After a life planet explodes, its residual invisible life force gathers together, and it was born by chance, and the probability of its birth is extremely low. 】

hiss!

It is actually a heaven and earth wonder of the middle grade **** rank!

Generally speaking, heaven and earth wonders are more precious than artifacts of the same rank.

But you know, this World Tree is just a seedling.

After it matures, it will be a heaven and earth wonder of the high-grade **** rank, and it will be even more precious.

treasure!

This is an absolute treasure!

Qin Feng's eyes are hot!

correct!

The information of this sacred tree seedling shows that it has recognized the master.

Is it...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked to the side of the divine tree again, where a giant tiger was lying down.

I saw the giant tiger, with a body of 10,000 zhang, with white hair all over its body, mixed with stars and stripes, and exuding a sluggish air, which made people palpitate.

At this time, it was closing its eyes, seemed to be sleeping soundly, and snored from time to time.

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he went to detect the giant tiger.

[Evil Object]: Star Tiger Year Beast

[Boundary]: Mid-stage False God

[Combat Strength]: 4 million to 4.5 million stars

[Talent] S-level Killing Law, SS-level Devouring Law, SS-level White Tiger Bloodline Talent

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned!

isn't it? !

The combat power of this Star Tiger Year Beast has reached 4 million to 4.5 million stars.

Isn't this the peak near the middle stage of the False God!

False God's mid-term combat power range is 2.5 million to 4.5 million stars!

What's even more frightening is that this Star Tiger Year Beast has mastered two SS-level laws!

Obviously, the strength of the beast of the year of the star tiger is much stronger than the queen bee!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Qin Feng's heart sank. He was full of confidence at first, but now he is a little uneasy.

His combat power is only 3.2 million stars, which is too different from this beast of the Year of the Tiger!

The so-called one-strength defeats ten guilds, no matter how many skills, in the face of absolute strength, it will be turned into nothingness!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was even more uneasy.

He is not sure, 880 will kill this beast of the Year of the Tiger in ten seconds.

The SSS-level evaluation of this level is not good!

Heaven is so pitiful!

Thinking about it, Tiandao must have calculated that the players who can pass the eighth level will definitely get huge gains in the eighth level, and their strength will also be greatly improved.

That day, Dao will naturally be at the ninth level, and a stronger guard demon will be arranged.

In short, Tiandao will not let players easily obtain the chance of Emperor Domination.

Having said that, the World Tree has recognized the Lord.

Its owner should be the Star Tiger Year Beast in front of him.

If Qin Feng wants to take the World Tree, he must first kill the Xinghu Nian beast before the World Tree can recognize the master again.

Otherwise, he can't take away the World Tree.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes were firm.

In any case, he is going to slaughter this year's beast today!

At this moment, the snoring in front stopped.

The star tiger year beast seemed to be aware of it, and slowly opened a pair of tiger eyes, looking at Qin Feng

After he saw Qin Feng's appearance, his eyes lit up and he stood up full of energy.

"It's finally here!"

In the Year of the Star Tiger, the beast spit out human words, and there was some excitement in his tone.

"The deity has been waiting for countless years, and finally a player can break through to the deity level! Your human genius is really too few!"

There was some complaint in the tone of the star tiger year beast.

It's been waiting too long!