Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Immediately afterwards, the third beam of light fell...

Six silver treasure chests, one after the other, slowly fell along the beam of light...

At the same time, 911 villages, 34 villages, and 77 villages were all shaken by the sky.

One after another white beams of light descended from the sky and fell on everyone.

Everyone's attributes rose a little bit, and in a blink of an eye, they all increased by 50 free attributes.

The three villages cheered!

Village 34, in particular, was going crazy with excitement.

"50 Attributes! I increased my Attributes by 50!"

"Haha! I also gained 50 points!"

"Great! Great! We lost 20 stats before, but now we have gained 50! We've made 30 points since we've come and gone!"

"Haha! Excited! So excited!"

"All this is because Qin Feng saved us!"

"Boss Qin Feng is a god-like man!"

"Woo! I'm so moved! I want to recognize Qin Feng as the boss! I'm going to 911 village to be the younger brother of Qin Feng!"

"I'm going too! But how do we get to 911 Village?"

"Don't worry upstairs! After the novice assessment is over, all the novice villages in District 1 will be able to meet. At that time, we will be able to meet the boss Qin Feng!"

"It would be great. My little sister really wants to see the style of Qin Feng. I feel so excited as long as I think about it!"

At this moment, the people in Village No. 34 were full of gratitude and admiration for Qin Feng.

At the same moment, Village No. 77 was also full of jubilation.

They also worship Qin Feng extremely.

Unconsciously, Qin Feng has a very high reputation in the villages of the three Dragon Kingdoms.

At the same time, in the chat channel of Village No. 5, Takeda Shin was checking the latest progress of points.

Takeda Shin: "Miyamoto-sama, our points have reached 62 points"

Miyamoto Lang: "Yo Xi! It's very good! According to this progress, I want to cut my stomach and kill myself, but there is no chance. This is really regrettable!"

At this moment, Miyamoto Rang was a little off.

But before his words came out, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Regional Announcement: In this camp betting, the red camp is the first to reach 1000 points! The blue team has failed! 】

Nani?

Did the blue team fail?

Miyamoto Lang is stunned!

Takeda Shin was also dumbfounded!

They don't believe it at all!

But at this time, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Announcement: The bet in Village No. 5 failed, and everyone will deduct 50 attributes! 】

[Announcement: Village No. 5 fails to gamble, and all resources will be deducted by 70%! 】

Omg!

All this is true!

idiot!

Vomit~!

Rang Miyamoto was so furious that he spat out a mouthful of old blood.

At this time, the sky shook, and black beams of light fell from the sky.

The people of Village No. 5 were all deducted by 50 attributes.

Suddenly, shrill screams rang out from every corner of Village No. 5.

[Announcement: Newbie Yamamoto Taro's attribute points are deducted to a negative number, and his life is terminated! 】

[Announcement: Novice Akita Keiko's attribute points are deducted to a negative number, and her life is terminated! 】

[Announcement: Novice Fujiwara Nanako's attribute points are deducted to a negative number, and her life is terminated! 】

…………

In just an instant, more than 100 people in Village No. 5 died on the spot!

They had already lost 20 attribute points in the last bet, and this time they lost another 50 attribute points.

After two superimpositions, 70 attributes were deducted, and all levels below level 2 were wiped out!

Even at level 2, many of them only have a dozen or so attributes left.

At this moment, the chat channel No. 5 was crying.

"Oh my God! I only have 7 attributes left!

"I'm paralyzed! I'm paralyzed! Woohoo!"

[Announcement: Taking the body of an adult as the standard, if the sum of the four-dimensional index is lower than 10 points, it will be judged as paralyzed and unable to move. 】

[Announcement: Taking the body of an adult as the standard, if the sum of the four-dimensional index is greater than 10 points and less than 30 points, it will be judged as sick and disabled, and the combat power will be evaluated as 0.5 stars. 】

This time, everyone understood what was going on, and the wailing grew louder.

Today, there are more than 400 people in Village No. 5, and the sum of the four dimensions is less than 30 points.

In this way they become paralyzed and crippled.

The same scene also happened in other villages of the blue camp.

For a time, various curses of 'Fake Squid', 'Baga' and 'Axi Bar' echoed in the sky of various Lanying villages...

With the deduction of attribute points, many people died on the spot!

And many others became paralyzed and crippled!

In this way, these idiots who used to call the people of Longguo a sick man have now become sick men themselves.

After the attribute points were deducted, in the 24 blue camp villages, countless forests, trees, exotic flowers, and beasts disappeared out of thin air, and a lot of resources were lost...

0

The Blue Camp side was wailing again and again.

Having lost 70% of their resources, their days will be extremely difficult.

At the same time, ants gathered at the foot of the mountain in 911 Village.

Qin Feng has collected six silver treasure chests and temporarily put them in the storage ring.

Suddenly, the mountain of ants in front of him shook.

Boom~ boom~ boom!

Immediately afterwards, the entire mountain range slowly expanded, extending to the surroundings, and new veins of mines broke out.

It turns out that the resources are doubling!

The entire ant cluster is tier 0 iron ore.

This is a base resource that will naturally be doubled.

In the blink of an eye, the ant gathering mountain has tripled in size, stretching for more than ten miles, and the scale is extremely grand.

That's the benefit of doubling everything.

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Today's 911 Village has become extremely rich.

Even if the resources of twenty villages were added together, they would not be worth a 911 village.

0

Sand~! Sand~! Sand~!

At this time, there were some crawling sounds in the valley,

Qin Feng hurriedly followed the sound.

I saw that among the ant corpses all over the ground, there were actually a few half-sized giant ants crawling with difficulty.

They are not dead!

Even if something like an ant is cut in two, it is difficult to kill it.

Unless it cuts off their heads with a knife!

There were a lot of ants before, and under the melee, it was inevitable that a few of them didn't die on the spot.

Qin Feng glanced at the audience, and there were about seven or eight half ants, crawling with difficulty in the ant corpse pile.

He hurriedly stepped forward and slashed the nearest one with a knife.

Kacha~!

[Successfully killed level 12 metal-devouring worker ants and gained +620 energy points. 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 10! 】

【Your strength index increases by 10 points! 】VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

【Your agility index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 10 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 10 points! 】

【You get 5 free attributes! 】

what!

Upgraded!

Finally upgraded!

Ha ha!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

[Announcement: The novice Qin Feng has risen to level 10. The first person to complete the novice assessment in this village will be rewarded with a golden treasure chest. 】

The news is out!

Instantly shocked the whole village!

Everyone was amazed!

[Announcement: Level 10 newcomers have appeared in this village, and the private chat channel of this village is automatically activated. 】

[Announcement: Level 10 newcomers have appeared in this village, and this village mission: The future village chief (D-level public mission) is automatically activated. 】

what!

Also activated a D-rank public quest!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Om~!

At this moment, another beam of light fell from the sky.

Immediately afterwards, a golden treasure chest slowly fell along the beam of light.

Chapter 69 The Village Chief! The future lord of the gods!

Golden treasure chest!