Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

It's hard to wait until the first player comes here!

According to Tiandao's promise, as long as it prevents a player from passing the level, he can get a drop of Sanguang Divine Water as a reward!

Sanguang Shenshui is a heaven and earth wonder of the low-grade **** order!

Using it to cultivate the World Tree can increase the growth rate of the World Tree by ten million times!

It turns out that if the World Tree has not grown and matured, it cannot absorb the power of the world, and it cannot really play a role.

The Star Tiger Year Beast has been waiting beside the World Tree for countless years, just waiting for it to grow and mature.

However, the growth rate of the World Tree is too slow, and it can't wait.

If the Tao of Heaven can reward it with a drop of Sanguang Divine Water, it can greatly shorten the growth cycle of the World Tree.

pity!

It has waited for so many years, and it has not waited for the players to come in!

Now that Qin Feng has appeared, how can he not be excited? !

In its view, a drop of Sanguang Divine Water will soon be available.

Of course, if it can kill Qin Feng within 10 seconds, the reward will be doubled, that is, two drops of Sanguang Divine Water.

Thinking of this, the Star Tiger Year Beast spoke again.

"Boy! For higher Heavenly Dao rewards, this deity will kill you within ten seconds! You have to be prepared!"

The Star Tiger Year Beast smiled contemptuously!

It seems to have settled on Qin Feng!

Just a human kid at the prefecture level!

No matter how talented you are, you are vulnerable in front of it!

With a high probability, it can kill with one claw!

The more the Xinghu Year Beast thought about it, the more excited it became. Looking at Qin Feng's eyes, it was like delicious food!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath!

He also had to kill the Year of the Tiger Beast within 10 seconds in order to get the SSS rating.

It seems that in the next battle, both sides will go all out in the opening!

In those ten seconds, who can kill who?

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Please kill the Xinghu Year Beast within 20 minutes. If you fail to kill it within the time limit, it will be judged that the level has failed! 】

[Reminder: After 10 seconds, the time to pass the level officially starts. Countdown: 10987]

The countdown has begun!

Qin Feng clenched the hilt!

This is his most critical level!

In the next second, his mind moved and he split into two.

The very positive body and the very negative body are themselves!

Seeing this scene, there was a trace of disdain in Xinghu's eyes.

Ha ha!

The technique of distinguishing oneself, it still can't be seen!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

【Countdown is over! Clearance time starts]

boom!

As soon as the prompt ended, the two sides broke out with a bang!

Boom!

As soon as Xinghu dodged, he attacked Qin Feng's two main bodies, stirring up the starry sky, and countless meteorites flying across the sky!

In the blink of an eye, it was killed in front of the two main bodies.

Swish!

The huge tiger claws slapped directly towards the two main bodies.

Boom!

The giant claws that reach the sky fell, covering the sky and the ground, containing the meaning of endless killing, and the momentum is extremely terrifying!

click! click! click!

Wherever the giant claws passed, the void was shattered inch by inch, and countless meteorites were shaken into powder, and the power was devastating!

call out! call out!

Seeing that the claw was about to fall, the two main bodies disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, the two main bodies were one left and one right, and teleported behind the beast of the Year of the Star Tiger.

Swish! Swish!

In the next breath, the two main bodies shot at the same time and slashed towards Xinghu's back!

"cut!"

The Star Tiger Year Beast is disdainful!

boom!

In the next second, its whole body's qi and blood exploded, and its muscles skyrocketed, as if the whole body had grown bigger!

The terrifying power of blood energy is displayed without omission!

It's actually a low-grade god-level skill - Tongtian Hegemony!

This familiar scene shocked Qin Feng!

He didn't expect that this beast of the year of the star tiger actually mastered the whole body and domineering body!

He knows very well that this whole body is a perverted defense!

This time, he was afraid that he would not be able to break through the defense of the Star Tiger Year Beast.

In this case, how could he kill the Star Tiger Year Beast?

At the same time, the beast of the year of the star tiger is also proud

Its full body is displayed, even if the False God peak is strong, it may not be able to break its defense!

Unless the combat power reaches 5.5 million stars or more, its defense can be broken.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

How could this earth-level human have such combat power?

That is the strength that far exceeds the threshold of the False God's peak!

The combat power of the False God Peak ranges from 4.5 million stars to 7 million stars.

Therefore, the beast of the year of the star tiger thinks that he has won!

With this perverted defense alone, it is already invincible!

Thinking of this, the Xinghu Year Beast did not dodge or evade, turned his head abruptly, and took a breath towards the extreme yin body.

I saw the big mouth of the blood basin, the mouth of a black hole, and the situation in its mouth!

Boom!

In an instant, the SS-level Devouring Law was activated!

Skill - Endless Swallowing!

call out!

An irresistible force of swallowing swallowed the extremely yin body into the black hole at once.

Xinghu's big mouth closed, his throat rolled, and the very yin body was completely swallowed into his stomach.

At this moment, a look of surprise appeared in its eyes.

It was so easy to swallow a clone.

As long as a few minutes later, the devouring law in its body can decompose the extreme yin body and convert it into pure energy to nourish its whole body.

This is the power of its devouring law!

Thinking of this, Xinghu's eyes are full of pride!

But before it was happy, a mutation suddenly occurred.

Suddenly, it felt empty!

The very negative body that had just been swallowed was gone.

At the same moment, a white light flashed next to the body of the polar yang, and the body of the polar yin reappeared.

It turned out that the very yin body was summoned from space and escaped from the belly of the star tiger.

Xinghu was stunned for a moment!

Swish!

At this moment, the sword of Jiyang's body fell!

The momentum of that sword, one after another, contains many powerful laws, and its power is extremely terrifying!

Star Tiger is disdainful!

Such an attack can't hurt it at all!

It was even more annoyed that the very yin body actually escaped from its stomach.

It doesn't believe it, it can't kill the original intention of the extreme yin!

Thinking of this, it has a **** mouth, and it will once again perform endless swallowing on the extreme yin body.

But at this moment, the very yin body started a seal!

Back in time!

launch!

hum!

For a split second, Xinghu closed his mouth involuntarily, and his body shrank strangely.

Tongtian hegemony body disappeared!

The defensive power of the beast in the year of the star tiger is greatly reduced!

It's back to where it was a second ago!

The Year of the Star Tiger Beast is stunned again!

But without waiting for it to think about it, the sword of Jiyang's body fell and smashed it fiercely!

when!

That sword fell!

As if slashing on top of gold and iron, there was a sound of gold and iron symphony!

Roar!

Xinghu screamed in pain!

Without the full-body hegemony blessing, its defensive power is greatly reduced!

But even so, Jiyang's body still did not break its defense, only a shallow bloodstain was cut on its back.

Xinghu also felt the pain!

At this moment, it was frightened and furious, and it was about to cast the Heavenly Domination Body again.

But at this moment, the extreme yin body pinch a seal again!