Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

hum!

Time stands still - start!

Xinghu was immediately stopped!

Everything stands still!

It cannot activate skills!

Swish!

The anode body took the opportunity to split the second sword

when!

Another sword, slashed at the previous breach!

This time the wound seeped blood!

Star Tiger roared in pain!

The roar was louder than the last time, and it seemed even more painful!

At this time, it is extremely angry.

It wanted to struggle, but couldn't move.

Swish!

At this time, Ji Yang's body split the third sword again!

At the same moment, white light flashed on the body of the extreme yin, and eight extreme yin fission variants were instantly fissioned.

Afterwards, the eight fission bodies attacked Xinghu at the same time, and the target was the wound.

when! when! when!

In just one second, Ji Yang's body and the eight fission variants attacked more than a dozen swords, all of which slashed the wound.

I saw that the wound continued to deepen, and the blood was already flowing!

Xinghu screamed in pain!

In the blink of an eye, one second has passed!

Xinghu's eyes were exposed with fierce light, and he was about to fight back again!

With its knowledge, it is natural to know that the time stop skill needs to be cooled for ten minutes once to be used.

This human has already cast it just now, and it is impossible to cast it a second time.

So, it's time to fight back!

Thinking of this, the Star Tiger Year Beast is about to explode!

hum!

But at this moment, the first extreme yin fission variant held a seal.

Time stands still!

Start again!

The beast of the year of the star tiger was set in place at one time!

How is this possible? !

The Star Tiger Year Beast was extremely horrified, and an endless roar erupted from the bottom of his heart.ALL new ğ’„hapters ğ’n nğ’v(ğ’†)lbin(.)com

It naturally didn't know that Qin Feng's eight fission bodies, all of which have reached the level of demigods, could use time skills, which just broke the cooling limit of time skills.

The combination of the two skills is a perfect match!

It is comparable to the middle-grade god-level skills!

when! when! when!

Another crazy hack!

The Year of the Star Tiger beast screamed again and again!

In the blink of an eye, another second passed!

The star tiger year beast once again has a fierce look in his eyes, thinking that the opportunity has come!

But at this moment, the second extreme yin fission variant casted time still!

The beast of the year of the star tiger was fixed at one time!

Roar!

It suddenly roared in despair!

when! when! when!

In this way, the beast of the year of the star tiger was locked in place by Qin Feng's time skills.

Jiyang body slashes frantically!

In a blink of an eye, seconds passed!

Click!

There was a loud bang in the field!

Blood splashed everywhere!

Ji Yang's body finally slashed and split the Star Tiger Year Beast in half!

Finally beheaded!

The two main bodies are full of surprises!

But without waiting for Qin Feng's two main bodies to be happy, the mutation in the field regenerated.

boom!

I saw Xinghu's corpse burst into pieces, turning into a **** fog.

Afterwards, the blood mist rolled and began to revive rapidly!

Qin Feng was shocked!

This star tiger even mastered the resurrection skill!

If it is resurrected, the killing time will definitely exceed 10 seconds!

His SSS level evaluation will not be able to get it.

The chance of Emperor Domination will also be lost!

After being startled, the center of Ji Yang's brows split into the air instantly, and the pupils of the God of Punishment lit up with a dazzling golden light!

call out!

A divine light of punishment shot out and shot into the blood mist, instantly piercing Xinghu's soul body!

boom!

In the next second, Xinghu's soul body collapsed suddenly!

In the blood fog, there was an incomparably mournful roar!

The two main bodies were ecstatic!

Ha ha!

Although this Star Tiger Year Beast has also mastered the resurrection skills, its soul body is far less powerful than the Queen Bee, and it can't withstand the blow of the divine light!

At this time, the blood mist turned into starlight, and gradually dissipated into the void.

Immediately afterwards, an extremely dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into the body of Ji Yang's body.

[Killing the Shouguan Star Tiger Year Beast successfully! You gain +140 billion energy points. ã€‘

[Killing the Shouguan Star Tiger Year Beast successfully! You gain +120 billion Judgment Points. ã€‘

[You have been promoted to level 50 Judge Lord (Advanced)! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 400 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 400 points! ã€‘

The anode body is delighted!

Finally the kill was successful!

Then, the two main bodies merged into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

Tiandao also sent a reminder again

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, it took you 9 seconds to kill the beast of the Year of the Star Tiger, and you got an SSS rating and 170 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points have increased to 1704 points]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, your total points exceeded 1700 points, and you successfully passed the examination of Emperor Domination and God Killing]

boom!

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

He finally passed the assessment and got the chance he had been dreaming of!

PS: Happy New Year's Eve everyone! The Nian Beast has been killed, I wish everyone good luck and good luck in the Year of the Tiger!

Chapter 538 Six Paths of Reincarnation! Reinforcement!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Congratulations to the players for getting the SSS level evaluation of this level! Got an extra bonus! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward double the luck value! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations to the players for getting extra rewards! Reward two nine-turn Divine Physique Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)! ã€‘

ã€You are the first player to get SSS rating in nine consecutive levels, you get +200 reputation pointsã€‘

ã€You are the first entrant in this level and the first record-breaker! The extra reward has been increased to seven times (the prestige reward remains unchanged)]

ã€Congratulations for getting 7 times the luck valueã€‘

[Congratulations on getting 14 Nine-Turn Divine Body Pills (Ninth-Order Top Grade)]

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the sky oscillated, and the luck beams fell one after another.

ã€Congratulations on your improved luck! Your savvy is increased to 41 times! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations on your improved luck! Your chance of getting the chance is increased to 41 times! ã€‘

ã€Congratulations on your improved luck! Your success rate of breaking through the bottleneck is increased to 41 times! ã€‘

After a long time, the Qi Luck empowerment is over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy!

At this time, another reward beam fell in the air, and 14 nine-turn Divine Physique Pills slowly fell in front of him.

He happily put away the Divine Body Pill!

The refining of these 14 Divine Body Pills can make his strength skyrocket a lot.

In short, the SSS level rewards of the ninth level are much richer than the previous eight levels.

Even the prestige reward is 200 points!

In this way, Qin Feng's reputation has reached 3720 points, which makes him very satisfied.

But it's not over yet!