At this moment, a reminder of Heaven's Dao sounded in the air.

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! As the first clearer, you get +300 reputation]

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! As the first passer, you have received a special reward of 1 drop of Sanguang Shenshui (Low-grade God Rank, heaven and earth wonders)]

what! Special bonus!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

This special reward is really generous!

The first is 300 reputation points!

Reputation is something that can be met but not sought.

Great help for title promotion!

300 reputation points is not a small amount!

Even better, 1 drop of Sanguang Shenshui was also rewarded.

It is a heaven and earth wonder of the low-grade god-level, and its value is self-evident.

By the way, the Shadowless Demon said it was a surprise, it should be pointing to Sanguang Shenshui.

That being said, it is indeed a pleasant surprise!

Just what is the effect of this three light divine water?

This thought came to me, and Tiandao came to remind again

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! As the first emperor to pass the God-killing test, you will gain +500 reputation]

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! As the first emperor to pass the God-killing assessment, you have received a special reward of 2 drops of Sanguang Shenshui (Low-Rank God Rank, Heaven and Earth Wonders)]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

There are even rewards!

Moreover, it is even more generous than the reward just now, almost doubled!

hum!

A burst of chirping!

A white reward beam of light fell on Qin Feng.

In the next second, his reputation rose continuously, reaching 4520 points in a blink of an eye.

Immediately afterwards, three more drops of divine water slowly fell along the beam of light, and they arrived in front of Qin Feng in a blink of an eye.

He hurriedly looked at the divine water, and saw that the three drops of divine water radiated eleven rays of brilliance, and illusions such as the sun, moon, and stars appeared on them, which appeared to be crystal clear and dazzling, and the weather was extraordinary!

[Sanguang Shenshui: Low-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Reminder: This divine water can be used to cultivate the World Tree, which can speed up the growth of the World Tree by ten million times. 】

hiss!

A million times faster!

Three drops of Sanguang Divine Water, that is 30 million times!

Qin Feng was amazed!

At this moment, if the Year of the Star Tiger Beast were present, it would definitely spurt blood!

It has exhausted countless efforts to get a drop of Sanguang Divine Water, but it can't get it.

As soon as Qin Feng shot, he got three drops!

Tiger than man! Really **** off!

Of course, the worst is yet to come!

It has guarded the World Tree for countless years, and it will soon change its owner.

"By the way, World Tree!"

As soon as he saw the prompt of Sanguang Shenshui, Qin Feng immediately wanted the World Tree.

He quickly put away the three drops of divine water and looked at the World Tree seedling not far away.

The next second, he teleported to the side of the World Tree.

Woo! Woo! Woo!

Sensing the arrival of Qin Feng, the sapling of the divine tree trembled slightly.

The illusion of the world supported by each leaf is trembling.

The sapling of the divine tree is actually in fear!

It can be seen that it is full of spirituality!

Qin Feng couldn't help but look carefully

[World tree (sapling): middle-grade god-rank, heaven and earth wonders, has recognized the master. 】

[Reminder: After the World Tree matures, it can be promoted to a high-grade god-level thing. 】

Still the master state!

However, this World Tree can no longer sense the existence of the Star Tiger Year Beast, not even a trace of soul breath.

With its extremely low intelligence, it has been guessed that the Year of the Star Tiger Beast has fallen.

This makes his mental state look very sad!

However, its spiritual intelligence is very low, and it is in the state of spiritual planting.

But it can sense that there is a powerful presence approaching it.

This makes it sense fear!

The world tree seedling's understanding of the outside world relies on spiritual exploration.

It cannot distinguish the level of the target realm, but it is extremely sensitive to the strength of the soul.

It can sense that Qin Feng's soul strength has reached the initial stage of False God!

In its eyes, this is a powerful existence!

And Qin Feng's soul breath makes it feel extremely unfamiliar.

So, it feels fear!

In the seedling state, the World Tree has no means of defense.

At this moment, Qin Feng put one hand on the trunk of the seedling, and the law of the soul was activated.

An invisible force of law poured into the world tree

click!

There was a soft sound in the tree!

The soul imprint left by the beast in the year of the star tiger was shattered.

The World Tree suddenly became an ownerless state.

The **** of its soul contract has disappeared.

At this time, Qin Feng broke the blood clotting, squeezed out a drop, and dripped it to the root of the tree.

In the next second, the World Tree seedling absorbed Qin Feng's blood at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Tiandao also sent a reminder

【Recognize the Lord successfully! World Tree (Sapling) has successfully recognized you as the master! 】

[Reminder: The World Tree can only be truly used after it has been cultivated and matured. 】

[Reminder: A mature world tree can help the master to absorb the power of the major worlds, and also allow the master to be promoted to the real **** realm more smoothly. 】

good! good!

Successfully recognized the Lord successfully!

Qin Feng was quite happy.

Although this world tree has to mature, it can be of great use.

Qin Feng is not in a hurry!

Because he just got 3 drops of Sanguang Divine Water, which just happened to be used to cultivate the World Tree.

It may not be long before the World Tree will grow and mature.

At that time, he will have an extra high-grade god-level wonder of heaven and earth.

Woohoo!

At this moment, the World Tree exuded a spiritual fluctuation, which seemed extremely happy.

It felt that the blood essence of this new master was a grade higher than that of the previous master.

Somewhere, it feels that the new owner has more potential and will be stronger.

It makes it very happy!

Sensing the intimacy and happiness of Lingshu, Qin Feng also showed a relieved smile.

Then, he carefully transplanted the World Tree into his own zero-degree space.

After doing all this, he breathed a sigh of relief.

The battlefield is cleared!

Full of harvest again!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

【It is detected that your vocation has reached level 50! Reach the standard of being promoted to Judgment Supreme! 】

[The requirements for the promotion of Judgment Supreme are as follows]

[The vocation reaches level 50]

[Mastering SSS-level talent - Six Paths of Reincarnation]

[SSS-level Six Paths of Reincarnation Laws: The Law of Life and Death (SS-level), the Law of Blood Dao (S-level), the Law of Soul Dao (S-level), the Law of Opening Heaven (S-level), the Law of Escape (S-level), the Law of Killing Dao ( S-class) and the Law of Destruction (S-class) are merged]

[Reminder: After being promoted to Supreme Judgment, you can add six messengers of the Six Paths. 】

0

what!

Once the vocation reaches level 50, you can be promoted to the vocation rank!

This is definitely a good thing!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with excitement!

He obtained a Dijiang Spirit Egg not long ago, and is trying to cultivate into a powerful subordinate.

At the same time, he was worried about whether to train Jumang to be a messenger of death or Di Jiang to be a messenger of death.

Obviously, Di Jiang's strength is stronger than Jumang.

He naturally hopes that stronger subordinates will become messengers, so that sacrifices will feed him more combat power.

Now it seems that the problem is solved.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

As long as he is promoted to Supreme Judgment, he will be able to obtain six more envoys.

He can train Di Jiang into one of the six messengers.

However, he still has a lot of problems if he wants to be promoted to Supreme Judgment.

That is, he must first master the SSS-level talent - Six Paths of Reincarnation.

The Six Paths of Reincarnation is a fusion of the SS-level law of reincarnation of life and death, plus six S-level laws.

Its power is extremely powerful!

Qin Feng has mastered the SS-level reincarnation of life and death, as well as the six S-level laws, but he has no chance to integrate!