Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

How can this be done so that the six laws of reincarnation can be merged?

By the way, the six ancestors are the supreme judges.

In this way, the Patriarch of the Six Paths has mastered the SSS-level Law of Reincarnation of the Six Paths, no wonder he is known as the Patriarch of the Six Paths.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, secretly thinking that the Sixth Dao Patriarch is not easy to deal with!

.

It is definitely not easy to deal with a virtual **** who has mastered an SSS-level law.

If it's not good, there are still many messengers under the Six Dao Patriarch, who can sacrifice combat power to him, it will be even more difficult to deal with.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

However, he thought of another question.

If he kills the Six Paths Old Ancestor and extracts the Six Paths Old Ancestors endlessly, he will definitely be able to acquire the talent of 'Six Paths Reincarnation'.

In other words, this is not a chance for him!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Players please get ready, and then I will perform the Emperor Domination and God Killing Harmony for you]

As soon as the voice fell, the surrounding space shook, and Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared in place.

The next second, he appeared on a sacred and huge altar.

【Athletes please sit cross-legged! Now I will start to perform the Emperor Domination and God-killing Combined Path for you]

Heaven sent a reminder

Qin Feng quickly sat down with his knees crossed.

Boom!

As soon as he sat down, the altar lit up and began to move slowly.

hum!

Then, the sky shook!

A purple-gold light beam with a diameter of about 10 meters, exuding an extremely sacred atmosphere, descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's whole body.

The next second, endless purple-gold gods, like monstrous water, poured into Qin Feng's body continuously.

And then penetrated into every inch of his skin, every inch of bone, every hair, every cell

[Imperial tyrant kills gods in the way! Your body is being strengthened by divine power]

[Imperial tyrant kills gods in the way! Your blood is being strengthened by divine power]Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

[Imperial tyrant kills gods in the way! Your bones are being strengthened by divine power]

[Imperial tyrant kills gods in the way! Your soul body is being strengthened by divine power]

[Imperial tyrant kills gods in the way! Your Earth-level Spirit Seal is evolving into a Heaven-level Daoji (Emperor Domination God-killing Level)]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 12,000 stars]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 11,000 stars]

[You are being continuously strengthened, your combat power has increased by 13,000 stars]

At this moment, Qin Feng is constantly being strengthened by divine power from his body to his soul.

His Earth-level Spirit Seal is being transformed into a Heaven-level Dao Foundation!

This made his combat power and momentum soar wildly all the way!

The feeling of getting stronger and stronger spread in his heart.

PS: Happy New Year to everyone!

Chapter Five Hundred and Thirty-Nine The Ancestor Exits! Promote to Heaven!

In this way, Qin Feng was continuously strengthened by divine power, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way!

This process lasted for a full hour, and his reunion gradually came to an end.

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, the forbidden area of ​​the Six Dao Clan.

Dao Kong, Dao Yan, and Luo Tian had a great conversation.

Since Luo Tian agreed to join the Six Dao Clan, the relationship between the three has become more harmonious.

"Brother Daokong, count the time, there are still more than ten minutes, and the prestige bet will end."

Luo Tian reminded.

Daokong smiled: "Yes! In ten minutes, the deity will be able to win the 10,000-star combat power! This is not a small amount!"

Daoyan also smiled and said: "Patriarch, Qin Feng is afraid that he is very desperate at the moment! Seeing that the time is coming, he can do nothing. That kind of feeling is not good!"

Daokong smiled: "If you don't have full confidence, how can this deity dare to legalize such a bet? This deity predicts that Qin Feng will lose this bet!"

Daoyan looked envious: "Patriarch! My subordinates want to congratulate you in advance, you have a 10,000-star combat power!"

Daokong smiled and shook his head: "Although the 10,000-star combat power is quite large, it is not the purpose of this gamble. The purpose of this time is to find out the positions of Qin Feng and everyone in Longyuan Town."

"When this bet is over, Qin Feng and Long Yuan will have nothing to hide. That's the time to eradicate them."

Speaking of which, Dao Kong is extremely proud!

Luo Tian said excitedly: "Brother Daokong is right! This time, with the Six Dao seniors taking action, Qin Feng and Longyuan Town will definitely become history!"

Daokong laughed: "Haha! Then Qin Feng is the stepping stone for our family to become the power of the sky! This time, he is dead! Haha!"

As soon as the voice fell, the three people in the field laughed!

It's just that the three of Daokong don't know that Qin Feng's reputation has reached 4520 points, which has long exceeded 3000 points!

In fact, the higher Qin Feng's reputation, the more terrifying the punishment for gambling!

It's just that Dao Kong thought that Qin Feng would definitely not be able to get 3,000 reputation points, so he didn't think about more than 3,000 points at all.

The final result will come out, I am afraid it will surprise everyone!

Boom!

Just when the three of Daokong laughed, the sealing altar in the center of the forbidden area suddenly vibrated violently!

The three of them were startled and quickly turned to look!

I saw that the altar was full of aura, the monstrous sky was pouring out, and the white fog was pouring out of the sky!

"This is"

"It's the ancestor who is going out!"

Luo Tian was shocked!

Daokong and Daoyan were surprised!

Soon, a white fog enveloped the entire altar, making it impossible to see what was inside.

boom!

Then, there was an explosion in the white fog!

A stalwart figure rose into the sky from the white fog!

Luo Tian looked up quickly, and saw a majestic, arrogant white-haired old man hanging above the white fog.

His whole body exudes an aura of terrifying combat power, instantly covering the entire forbidden area, suddenly reaching 4 million stars!

4 million stars!

This is definitely the top powerhouse in the middle stage of False God!

Luo Tian was extremely shocked!

"This momentum is so good! The strength of the ancestors has greatly improved!"

"Yeah! This is much better than we expected!"

Daokong and Daoyan were excited!

Afterwards, the two hurried forward and knelt down and saluted.

"Dao Kong (Dao Yan) has seen the ancestor!"

Luo Tian was terrified, and hurriedly stepped forward to kneel down.

"Luo Tian has seen Senior Six Paths!"

That white-haired old man is the ancestor of the Six Paths!

He is finally out!

At this moment, Six Dao Patriarch looked around excitedly.

It's been so many years!

He finally mastered the secret technique!

This time, he will definitely be able to develop the Six Dao Clan into a Heaven-suppressing force!

Thinking of this, his heart is very happy!

Afterwards, he overlooked Xiang Daokong and the three of them, and slowly fell in front of them.

"Get up!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch spoke lightly.

"Yes!"

The three of Daokong stood up tremblingly.

Luo Tian was very anxious.

He could feel that the Six Path Old Ancestor exudes an invisible divine power, and there is also a faint corpse aura.

This surprised him, but he didn't dare to ask more.

It was at this moment that the eyes of the Sixth Dao Patriarch fell on him.

Luo Tian was suddenly a little nervous.

Daokong hurried forward to introduce.

"Old Ancestor, this is the patriarch of today's Daluo Clan—Luo Tian!"

"Oh!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch nodded slightly and looked at Luo Tian casually.

Daokong said again: "Ancestor, I have already informed Luo Tian that you have ten envoys. He expressed his willingness to replace his ancestor and become an envoy under your command, and is willing to hand over the heaven-suppressing fetish!"

Hearing this, Six Dao Patriarch's eyes lit up.

At the moment, he stroked his beard and nodded: "Okay! Okay!"

Luo Tian also hurried forward, holding a silver spear in both hands.

"Senior Liudao, this is the sacred artifact of my family, and I hope you will accept it!"

The ancestor of Liudao finally smiled: "Not bad! Not bad! Ruzi can be taught! Since you are so sincere, I will focus on cultivating you in the future! In the future, my family will become the power of the sky, and you have an indelible contribution!"

As soon as the voice fell, the Sixth Dao Patriarch put away the long spear.

As a result, he has two heaven-suppressing artifacts in his hands.

Luo Tian rejoiced: "It is an honor for Luo Tian to be able to join the senior's command and become a messenger under your command!"

Luo Tian's words came from the bottom of his heart!

As soon as the Sixth Dao Patriarch appeared, he showed a 4 million-star combat power.

With such a calculation, he will get the combat power of the top ten messengers again. I am afraid that the comprehensive combat power can be close to 6 million stars, which is a proper peak power of the False God.

A power like this will definitely make the Six Dao Clan a force to control the sky.

Even in the next third round of points hegemony, there is a high chance of becoming the new star master candidate of the Blue Star Realm.