Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It turned out that there were ten continents in the Blue Star Realm, separated by the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

Every continent is a division!

After the second round of points hegemony, some competition areas will appear in the sky power, and some competition areas are still the top ten mysterious forces.

The third round of points competition is the competition between the Tiantian forces and the mysterious forces in the top ten divisions.

According to the past, in the second round of competition for points hegemony, there will be a lot of sleeping False God stage old monsters leaving the customs.

After some battles, there will be two or three forces in the top ten divisions.

On the other hand, the mainland of the first competition area has always performed mediocrely. Thousands of years have passed, and the Suppressing Heaven has never been born.

Until this time, the Six Dao ancestors have left the customs, and the first division will also give birth to the Tiantian forces.

In Luo Tian's eyes, the Sixth Dao Ancestor is definitely the strongest among those sleeping old monsters, and he has a great hope of winning in the third round and winning the star master candidate.

Becoming a star master candidate has great benefits.

And he became such a powerful subordinate, the future will be bright, why not do it?

Up to now, Luo Tian has seen the strength of the Sixth Dao Patriarch, and he sincerely wants to take refuge.

At this time, Daokong said again with a happy face: "Ancestor, Luo Tian is a peak powerhouse of a demigod, with a combat power of 660,000 stars. Let him replace his ancestor and become your heavenly messenger, who will feed you back. More than double the combat power!"

It turns out that the six messengers are: the messenger of the heavens, the messenger of hell, the messenger of Shura, the messenger of the human world, the messenger of the ghost world, and the messenger of the beast realm.

This corresponds respectively to: Heaven and Human, Hell, Asura, Human, Hungry Ghost, and Animal.

The six paths are complete and powerful!

At this moment, the Sixth Dao Patriarch Fushou smiled and said, "Indeed! Xiaoyou Luo Tian has more potential than his Patriarch! By the way, Konger, what is the current situation of the Qin Feng you mentioned? Where is he now? "

Daokong hurriedly said: "Ancestor, I have already launched a reputation bet against Qin Feng, or a lore-level reputation bet. In ten minutes, the result will come out."

"At that time, we will know the location of Qin Feng, and the location of all members of Longyuan Town will be exposed."

Ancestor Liudao frowned: "The lore-level reputation bet? Konger, you are a bit rash! If the old man remembers correctly, the lore-level bet has a maximum reputation of 3,000 points."

"If you win, you only get 10,000-star combat power. If you lose, you will be fined 1 million star combat power. You only have more than 700,000-star combat power, so you can't bear the punishment!"

"What's more terrifying is that if the opponent's reputation exceeds 3,000 points, for every 500 more reputation points. His reward will be doubled. Your punishment will be doubled."

"In other words, if Qin Feng's reputation reaches 3,000 points, he can get a 100,000-star combat power reward. If his reputation reaches 3,500 points, he can get a 200,000-star reward, and if it's 4,000 points, he can Get 300,000 star rewards, and so on"

"On the contrary, your punishment will continue to increase. If Qin Feng has 3,500 reputation points, you will be deducted 2 million star combat power. If he has 4000 reputation points, you will be deducted 3 million star combat power. what!"

Hearing this, Daokong's face changed greatly!

If he is really fined with 3 million star combat power, even if he is a great power in the early stage of False God, he will be dead!

This is too scary!

However, he quickly recovered his dark color and smiled confidently.

"Old Ancestor, don't worry! Then Qin Feng is just a challenge. He hasn't entered this world for a long time, and he has no time to get so many reputation points, let alone 4,000 points of reputation. He even has 3,000 points of reputation, that's not enough. might have!"

Daoyan also echoed: "Old Ancestor, although the patriarch is bold in his actions, but he is not sure, he will not take it lightly. I also think that Qin Feng absolutely cannot have 3000 points of prestige."

Ancestor Liudao nodded his head: "It makes sense! As a challenger, it is impossible to increase your reputation to 3,000 points in such a short period of time. There is almost no possibility!"

Daokong smiled and said: "Ancestor, in seven or eight minutes, the bet will be over. The result will come out soon. Ancestor, just wait and watch the show!"

Ancestor Liudao smiled and said: "Okay! The old man will wait for the result of the bet to come out!"

At the moment, the whole group showed anticipation.

They didn't know that Qin Feng's reputation had already exceeded 3,000 points, and it had reached 4,520 points, far beyond their imagination.

"By the way, Little Friend Luo Tian, ​​if you want to become the celestial messenger of this old man, you need to sign a master-slave contract with this old man first!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch thought of business again.

Luo Tian hurried forward: "Junior is willing to sign a contract!"

"it is good!"

Ancestor Liudao was very satisfied with Luo Tian's attitude, he quickly broke the blood of his fingers, and drew a contract rune in the air.

After a while, a **** rune was constructed!

Ancestor Six Dao pressed a finger to Luo Tian's eyebrows

In this way, the Six Dao Patriarch started the ceremony to transform Luo Tian into a messenger of the heavens.

At the same moment, deep within Lingtian Temple.

Qin Feng closed his eyes slightly, still sitting cross-legged on the altar of Hedao.

At this moment, the altar has stopped working, and the divine light in the air dissipates

At this time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Emperor and God-killing God-level reconciliation is complete! Your Earth-level Spirit Seal has successfully evolved the Heaven-level Dao Foundation, and you have stepped into the Heaven-level realm]

[Emperor and God-killing God-level reconciliation is complete! Your heaven-level Dao base has reached the level of Emperor Domination and God-killing, and the power of the Dao under your control has reached 1.2 million stars]

[Emperor and God-killing God-level reconciliation is complete! Your lifespan limit is increased to 3000 years old]

[Reminder: The normal lifespan is 1000 years old in the realm of heaven, and the lifespan in the demigod realm is 3000 years old]

[Emperor and God-killing God-level reconciliation is complete! Your whole body has been strengthened, and your basic combat power has been raised to 3.5 million stars]

[Emperor and God-killing God-level reconciliation is complete! Your soul body has been strengthened, and the strength of your soul body has been raised to the mid-level of False God]

[Emperor and God-killing God-level reconciliation is complete! Your soul body has been strengthened, and the range of spiritual consciousness has reached 300,000 miles]

[Reminder: The range of spiritual consciousness in the early stage of False God is 100,000 miles, the range of consciousness in the middle stage of False God is 200,000 miles, and the range of spiritual consciousness at the peak of False God is 300,000 miles]

[Emperor and God-killing God-level reconciliation is complete! Your soul body has been strengthened, and the range of spiritual consciousness is 300,000 miles]

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy!

1.6 finally broke through to the realm of heaven!

His basic combat power has reached 3.5 million stars in one fell swoop.

If you count the back-feeding of the Wings of the Gods, the Sword of Xing Zhu, and the Battle Armor of the Splitting Air, the combat power can reach 4.05 million stars.

If you add the power of 1.2 million stars, the comprehensive combat power is 5.25 million stars.

This has properly stepped into the pinnacle of False God!

False God's peak combat power range is 4.5 million to 7 million stars!

At this moment, Qin Feng was shocked by himself!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Betting reminder: There are 5 minutes left until the end of the betting. 】

[Reminder: If your reputation reaches 3,000 points, you can win this bet and get a 100,000-star combat power reward]

[If your reputation reaches 3500 points, the reward will be doubled. And so on, for every 500 points of your prestige, the reward will be doubled]

what!

It can be so!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

His reputation is 4520 points!

With this calculation, he can get a reward of 400,000 stars!

This is too powerful!

In other words, Dao Kong will be deducted 4 million stars, and he will die so much that there is no **** left.

Here's a good show!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

By the way, the prestige bet is about to end.

No matter whether he wins or loses, the positions of him and Long Yuan's children will all be exposed.

This is not a good thing!

With their positions, even if Dao Kong dies, the Six Dao ancestors can easily come to him.

He has to hurry back to the Blue Star Realm!

Otherwise, Longyuan Town will be in danger!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared on the altar

Chapter five hundred and fortieth eleventh grade blessing! Shocked the audience!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in an empty hall.

That was the great hall where he came in.

hum!

Immediately afterwards, a door of light appeared in the center of the hall.

Qin Feng hurriedly walked towards Guangmen

At the same time, at the exit of the assessment, there were already many people watching, and the scene was very lively.

It turns out that no matter which test area people are in, they will come out through this exit.

hum!

At this moment, the exit light door lit up.

The crowd suddenly became active.

"Look! Someone is coming out!"

"I don't know what kind of rank the people who come out will be in this time?"

"It's not easy? When that person comes out, you can see what grade of blessing he has received, and you will know what grade he is."

As soon as these words fell, a young man walked out of the gate of light.

Boom!

As soon as the young man appeared, an ethereal voice sounded above the hall.

[Congratulations to the contestant Lintong for completing the assessment of the path and obtaining the blessing of the first-rank heaven! 】

[Reminder: The first-grade blessing reward is a 500-star combat power increase. 】

hum!

Immediately afterwards, a silver reward beam of light descended from the sky and landed on the young man.

The young man couldn't help but closed his eyes and accepted the blessing of heaven.

All around suddenly muttered!

"It's a first-grade heaven-level blessing! That is to pass the low-grade harmony!"

"Yeah! Even if it is a low-grade combination, the old man is very envious!"

It turned out that, by passing the low-grade combined path assessment, one can get a first-grade heaven-level blessing.

Passing the mid-grade Hedao assessment, you can get the second-grade heavenly blessing.

And so on, the higher the rank of the pass, the higher the blessing reward.

Among the crowd of onlookers, the Mirage clone is also among them.

He knew that the main body was about to come out.

Having said that, during Qin Feng's assessment, the Mirage clone has visited all the stalls, and has really gained a lot.

Soon, the young man in 02 received the blessing and walked into the crowd under the envious eyes of many people.

hum!

At this time, the door of light lit up again!

"Look! Someone is coming out!"

The voice went all the way, and a middle-aged man walked out of the door of light.