Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the man appeared, there was no response from the sky above the hall.

And the man did not say a word, and walked back to the crowd with a decadent expression.

Seeing this scene, there was a sigh in the crowd.

"Hey! It's another failed match!"

"Yeah! The Tianwu assessment is different from the Shengwu assessment. If you fail the Tianwu assessment once, you will be downgraded to the assessment. It will be down to the low-rank and combined Dao. If the low-rank and combined Dao still fails the assessment, you will no longer be able to advance to the heavenly level!"

"Hey! There are destined to be some people in this world who will never become heavenly powerhouses!"

The crowd mourned.

hum!

At this moment, the light door that exited, the light door lit up again.

"Someone came out again!"

Everyone was alarmed and looked at the door of light again.

As soon as the light and shadow flashed, Qin Feng came out

As soon as he appeared, his handsome and noble temperament made everyone's eyes shine, giving people a feeling of surprise.

"Wow! Such a handsome young man!"

"Yes! This young man looks really extraordinary!"

In the crowd, some female players couldn't help but marvel.

"Heh! This guy looks good! I don't know, has he passed the Qualification Exam?"

"Maybe, he, like the man just now, didn't even pass a low-grade combination!"

Some young male players had a sour tone.

Qin Feng naturally heard these sour words clearly.

He wasn't in the mood to pay attention, and he didn't have time to pay attention to it.

This appearance, he subconsciously aimed at the sky, waiting for the blessing of heaven.

In a blink of an eye, three seconds passed!

There was no movement in the sky!

Qin Feng was stunned!

What are you doing? !

The one who passed the low-grade assessment in the front was blessed by the heaven, why didn't he?

In the crowd, the Mirage clone also looked puzzled.

Qin Feng and his avatar are all concentric.

Everything that the clone saw, he naturally saw it.

Therefore, the previous young man received the first-grade blessing, and the phantom avatar was seen with his own eyes.

Qin Feng naturally knew.

At the same moment, the audience also waited for three seconds without waiting for any movement.

The crowd murmured involuntarily.

"Three seconds have passed, this little brother has not received the blessing of heaven, it seems that the assessment has failed!"

"Yeah! It's a pity! Such a handsome little brother can't be promoted to the realm of heaven, really!"

In the crowd, those female players couldn't help showing disappointment, and some felt sorry.

On the contrary, the male players who were so sour in the past all showed schadenfreude.

"Let's just say it! Maybe he's not even a low-grade one! I didn't expect it, it's really like this!"

"Yeah! What's the use of a man's good looks? In this world of the heavens, only strength is a man's greatest asset! I would rather look ugly than this little white face, who can't even get along with the lower grades!"

These words just fell, and the field changed suddenly!

call out! call out! call out!

Suddenly, one after another dazzling white light came out of the sky, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (the eighth level of the sky), you get +12,000 attributes, +93 million energy points, and +2000 points. ã€‘

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (the eighth level of the sky), you get +11,000 attributes, +90 million energy points, and +1900 points. ã€‘Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

[Your clone is integrated with the title deed card, and the number of your site increases to]

boom!

Qin Feng was stunned!

Immediately surprised!

It turned out that it was Long Yuan up and down that destroyed many guardian forces, and the combat power was fed back.

Before, in the assessment space, he could not receive feedback.

Now, as soon as he came out, the feedback began, which delayed the blessing of heaven.

Having said that, this time Longyuan Town has destroyed a lot of guardian forces, and the feedback is extremely powerful!

At the moment, Qin Feng could not help but close his eyes and enjoy the feedback comfortably

call out! call out! call out!

At this moment, thousands of nurturing auras rushed in frantically, engulfing his entire being.

There was only one left in the field, a human-shaped light and shadow covered by white light!

The crowd looked a little dumbfounded!

What is this scenario?

It's not like a blessing from heaven!

After a while, all the feedback slowly ended!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up continuously on his body!

ã€Your level has been promoted to level 57! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€You get 200 free attributes! ã€‘

ã€Your level has been promoted to level 58! ã€‘

ã€Your strength index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your agility index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your BMI increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€Your energy index increases by 500 points! ã€‘

ã€You get 200 free attributes! ã€‘

good! good!

2 levels in a row!

The feedback this time is really powerful!

Having said that, the attribute points of this feed back are not only for suicide guardians.

The three avatars integrated land deed cards, established teleportation arrays, guarded altars, etc., and also received a lot of attribute point rewards.

Today, the number of sites in Longyuan Town has reached 59, and it is only the last one to unlock the 10,000-star combat power.

In short, Qin Feng's harvest this time is extremely huge.

With light attribute points, he reached 5.11 million attributes, far exceeding his expectations!

So many attribute points, all converted into combat power, can probably increase the combat power of about 100,000 stars.

Qin Feng was extremely satisfied with this.

Seeing Qin Feng open his eyes, there are discussions around

"What exactly happened just now?"

"I do not know!"

"It's a bit like a challenger's strength feedback!"

"Challenger? Haha! In such a short period of time, no challenger should be able to enter Lingtian Temple."

"But why does the little girl think that this little brother is very unusual? Maybe, what special reward did he get!"

"Cut! Heaven's blessing is not like this! I think this guy has failed the assessment, and he wants to save some face, so let's make a fool of himself here!"

These words just fell, and an ethereal voice sounded above the hall.

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng for completing the joint assessment and obtaining the 11th grade heaven-level blessing! ã€‘

[Reminder: The eleventh-grade blessing reward is a 100,000-star combat power increase. ã€‘

boom!

What? !

Eleventh Grade Blessing Reward? !

Everyone was shocked!

I thought I heard it wrong!

As far as they know, the strongest superior god-grade combination is the seventh-grade blessing reward!

The reward content is to increase the combat power of 5000 stars.

But this young man turned out to be an eleventh-grade blessing reward!

The reward content is to increase the combat power of 100,000 stars!

Is this God's fault? !

Or did they hear it wrong? !

Besides, they have never heard that blessing can reach the eleventh grade!

hum!

At this moment, a clear sound of heaven and earth resounded throughout the hall!

The next second, an extremely dazzling purple-gold light beam descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's body.

The color of the reward beam is completely different from everyone else's!

And the combat power emanating from the beam of light suddenly reached 100,000 stars!

boom!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

OMG!

There are really eleven blessings in this world!

They were unheard of before!

At this moment, everyone felt extremely shocked!

The whole place was dead silent!

At the same moment, Qin Feng closed his eyes in surprise and accepted the blessing of Heaven