His combat power has soared wildly all the way!

It turns out that if the superior gods are in harmony, they can get the blessing of the seventh.

Combining the God-level Dao is the eighth-grade blessing.

God-killing-level combination is the blessing of the ninth grade.

The gold-killing god-level combination is the tenth-grade blessing.

Qin Feng's emperor-slaying god-level combination is naturally the blessing of the eleventh grade.

After a while, Qin Feng accepted the blessing.

His basic combat power reached 3.6 million stars in one fell swoop.

At this time, he slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

At this moment, over the hall, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again.

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! You are the first blessing reward of 190 in this hall. For those who surpass the seventh rank, you have gained +100 reputation. 】

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! You are the first blessing reward in this hall. For those who surpass the eighth rank, you have gained +150 reputation. 】

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! You are the first blessing reward in this hall. For those who surpass the ninth grade, you have gained +200 reputation. 】ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! You are the first blessing reward in this hall. For those who surpass the tenth grade, you get +250 reputation. 】

【Congratulations to player Qin Feng! You are the first person in this hall to receive the 11th rank blessing reward, and you have gained +300 reputation. 】

boom!

Qin Feng was dumbfounded!

Is this also possible?

As a result, his reputation has reached 5520 points.

Then this time the prestige bet, he can get 600,000 stars reward.

In the same way, Daokong will be deducted 6 million star combat power!

Even if Dao Kong is a mid-stage False God, he can't die anymore!

At this thought, Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Ha ha!

Unexpectedly, there is a huge opportunity hidden here!

This is completely sent by Dao Bai.

By the way, there are 3 minutes left, and the bet is about to end.

He has to hurry back to the Blue Star Realm!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurried to the exit

Everyone hurriedly made way for him, daring not to disturb him in the slightest, and looked at him with incomparable awe.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng left the High Heaven Pavilion

Everyone stared blankly at his disappearing back. No one spoke for a long time, and the atmosphere in the field was a little frozen.

In the crowd, the Mirage clone watched all this silently, without any movement.

He did not leave with the main body.

He still has to stay in Lingxiao Pavilion and continue to wait for Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue.

The three women entered the examination room, but none came out at this time.

On the contrary, Qin Feng was the first to walk out of the examination room.

Thinking about it, Qin Feng's pass assessment, each pass is a very SSS evaluation, and the time is less than 10 seconds.

He will naturally be the first to come out.

As for Fengxi's three daughters, it's hard to say.

Even the phantom avatars are a little worried, whether the three girls can successfully get the first-class gods and get together

In short, time is pressing now.

Qin Feng hurried back to the Blue Star Realm, so he left the phantom avatar behind and waited for Feng Xi's three daughters to leave the customs.

Although there is no sacrifice of the combat power of the three women, Qin Feng's comprehensive strength will not reach the peak state, but the safety of Longyuan Town is also extremely important.

Therefore, Qin Feng wanted to divide his troops into two groups, and he rushed back to the Blue Star Realm first.

Besides, with his current strength, even if Feng Xi's three daughters are not by his side, he is not necessarily afraid of the Sixth Dao Patriarch

Chapter Five Hundred and Forty-First Victory in the Bet! Skywatch title!

After a while, Qin Feng left the Lingtian Temple and appeared above the Red Moon Star.

As soon as he appeared, he quickly opened the panel to check his latest data.

[Level]: Level 58 0.72%

【Reputation】: 5520 points

[Title]: God Killer, Son of Luck

[Basic combat power]: 3.6 million stars

[Power of Harmony]: 1.2 million stars

[Free attribute]: 5.11 million points

5.11 million attributes!

The feedback this time is so powerful!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

There were many onlookers before, so it was inconvenient for him to add more.

Now that he has left the Lingtian Temple, and there is no one around, it is time to add some more.

With this in mind, Qin Feng began to add some points

Since he wants to rush back to the Blue Star Realm, he must raise his strength to the best level

Because next, there will be a big battle waiting for him

At the same moment, the chat channel in Longyuan Town was already lively.

"Brothers, in another minute, the boss's bet will be over!"

"Yeah! There's only one minute left, I'm so nervous!"

"Little sister is also very nervous! I hope the mayor's brother can win this time!"

"The girl upstairs, don't worry! When has the boss let us down? Besides, the boss's clone has never spoken, I guess this game is not a big problem!"

"Yeah! The boss's reputation should have reached 3000 points!"

"3000 reputation points! Thinking about it makes people feel terrifying! Only a **** like the boss can hope to achieve it!"

"Everyone, as long as the boss wins this bet, he will be rewarded with a 100,000-star combat power! When I think of this, I feel excited!"

"Me too! I hope the boss can win this time, I'm so nervous! By the way, if the boss wins. Isn't that Dao Kong dead?!"

"Yes! That guy will be deducted from 1 million star combat power, he must be dead, haha!!"

"I really want to see what happens to that guy! I hope the results of the bet will come out sooner!"

"By the way, what do you think the prestige of the boss is this time?"

"It should be a little over 3,000! It's estimated to be less than 3,500!"

"It doesn't matter how much it is, as long as it exceeds 3,000 points! Besides, the bet will be over soon. At that time, we will know how much prestige the boss has!"

"That's right!"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was nervous and looking forward to it.

Everyone anxiously awaited the outcome of the bet.

However, everyone thought that Qin Feng's reputation was just over 3000 points.

They don't know that Qin Feng's reputation has reached 5520 points, which has long exceeded 3000 points.

At the same time, the Six Dao Clan was in the forbidden area.

The face of the Sixth Dao Patriarch was full of joy.

Dao Kong, Dao Yan, and Luo Tian also all had expressions of joy on their faces.

Just now, the Six Dao Patriarch had transformed Luo Tian into a messenger of the heavens.

Since then, he has added an envoy of the pinnacle of demigods under his command, which has greatly improved his comprehensive combat power.

This made Liudao Ancestor full of confidence in the third round of the Star Lord candidate battle.

As for Qin Feng, the Sixth Dao Patriarch did not take it to heart at all.

According to Dao Kong's introduction, Qin Feng is a challenger who is suspected to have the peak strength of a demigod.

The pinnacle of demigods!

The Sixth Dao Patriarch did not pay attention to it at all!

He can instantly kill the pinnacle of demigods by raising his hand!

In his opinion, Qin Feng is the first obstacle and the smallest obstacle for him to become a star master candidate.

Next, as long as he gets Qin Feng's position, he will take action to clear this obstacle!

By the way, count the time, the bet is coming to an end, right?

Then he will know immediately, Qin Feng's location.

At this thought, the Sixth Dao Patriarch was immediately excited.

At this moment, Dao Kong's voice also sounded in his ear.

"Ancestor, it's less than a minute until the end of the bet!"

Daokong's tone was a little excited, but also a little impatient.

He looked like he was gearing up, and seemed to be full of confidence in this bet.

Ancestor Liudao Fushu smiled and said, "That's good! The old man can't wait to get Qin Feng's position. As long as that kid is destroyed, there will be no obstacle for our family to become a force to control the sky."

Daokong also said excitedly: "Yeah! As long as our clan becomes the power to control the sky, the next third round of points competition will be the competition for star master candidates. That is the focus of the ancestors!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch smiled without saying a word, his eyes filled with anticipation.

Then, he said again: "By the way, Konger, it shouldn't be a big problem for you to win this bet, right?"

Daokong smiled confidently: "Old Ancestor, don't worry! I can get 10,000-star combat power right away. Forgive the little thief Qin Feng, and he can't have 3,000 reputation points."

Daoyan also smiled and said: "Ancestor, I also think that the patriarch will win this time. When I think that the patriarch will immediately gain 10,000-star combat power, I feel envious!"

Hearing this, Daokong laughed: "Haha! Daoyan is too good, if there is a similar good thing next time, I will definitely give it to you!"

Daoyan smiled and said, "That's it!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in the field smiled, and the atmosphere was very harmonious.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Betting reminder: This bet is about to end! 】

[Countdown starts now: 1098]

"Old Ancestor, the bet is coming to an end!"

Hearing the prompt, Daokong also began to feel a little nervous.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch nodded slightly, his eyes filled with anticipation.

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Longyuan Town, everyone became nervous.

"Brothers, the countdown begins!"