Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"I see! I'm so nervous!"

"Yeah! Don't talk about it, just wait for the results!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in Long Yuan waited nervously.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

At the same time, in the forbidden area of ​​the Six Dao Clan.

Daokong and the others were also waiting nervously.

Soon, the countdown is over!

Dao Kong looked up at the sky expectantly

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

【Countdown is over! This prestige bet is over! 】

[Congratulations to the challenger Qin Feng, his reputation has reached 5520 points, and he has obtained a 600,000-star combat power reward! 】

[Remind the initiator Dao Kong that you will be deducted 600-star combat power as a punishment! 】

boom!

The news is out!

Daokong and the others were shocked, their eyes widened, and they were completely dumbfounded!

Even the Sixth Dao Patriarch has his mouth wide open!

Qin Feng's reputation reaches 5520 points? !

This is impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

Dao Kong shook his head again and again!

He couldn't believe this fact at all!

Boom!

But at this moment, the sky shook!

A beam of light thicker than a bucket and pitch-black as ink descended from the sky and shrouded the Daokong.

Dao Kong wanted to run away, but was horrified to find that he couldn't move!

hum!

In just a moment, the terrifying black mask shrouded Dao Kong's entire body.

Within the beam of light, a shrill scream immediately came out!

"Ancestor save me! Save me! Ah!"

In the next second, Dao Kong was disintegrated in the beam of light at a speed visible to the naked eye, turning into wisps of blue smoke!

In just a moment, the beam of light dissipated, and Daokong also turned into blue smoke and disappeared, so dead that not even **** was left!

The Six Dao Patriarch, Dao Yan, and Luo Tian were all stunned!

At this moment, the field was dead silent!

At the same moment, Long Yuan gave out earth-shattering cheers!

In that chat channel, it is even more frying!

"Haha! Win! Win! Boss wins!"

"That's great! That's great!"

"My God! The boss's reputation is 5520 points! It's horrible! This is really horrible!"

"Yeah! It's unbelievable!"

"This is God! The boss is the God in my heart!"

"Haha! Everyone, the boss won the 600,000-star combat power this time!"

"My God! 600,000 stars! This is so powerful!"

"Yeah! It's so exciting! Everyone, you said that the boss got the 600,000 combat power, and his total combat power should be close to the initial limit of False God?"

"The initial limit of the False God is 2.5 million stars! The boss should now break through to the heaven-level realm, plus the 600,000-star combat power just obtained, it is estimated to be close to 2.5 million stars!"

"Close to 2.5 million stars! This is too scary!"

"Yeah! I hope that the boss's combat power can reach such a level! If he has such combat power, he should be able to deal with the attack of the six ancestors!"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was extremely excited and looking forward to it.

However, they still far underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

At the same time, they also underestimated the strength of the Sixth Dao Patriarch

At the same time, the red moon star was over.

Qin Feng has finished adding points, and then closed the panel with a happy face.

After those points were added, his basic combat power skyrocketed to 3.7 million stars, which made him very satisfied!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

He won the bet!

And got 600,000 star rewards!

hum!

Immediately afterwards, a purple-gold reward beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped his body!

Boom!

In the next second, Qin Feng's combat power and momentum began to skyrocket wildly!

He closed his eyes with joy, enjoying the pleasure of increasing strength!

After a long time, the reward beam gradually dissipated!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

At this moment, his basic combat power has reached 4.3 million stars. If he adds the power of 1.2 million stars, his comprehensive combat power will reach 5.5 million stars.

This is the peak power of the False God!

If everyone in Longyuan learns that Qin Feng's combat power has reached 5.5 million stars, far exceeding their estimated 2.5 million stars, they will definitely be shocked!

call!

The bet is finally over!

Qin Feng couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The betting rewards and punishments are over! The announcement will now begin, with the locations and names of all members of both parties, for a duration of 72 hours. 】

hum!

A burst of chirping!

An invisible power of heaven poured into his mind.

He suddenly sensed that there was something more in his mind.

Then, as soon as he thought about it, a huge map appeared in his mind.

There are numerous red and blue dots in the picture.

Those blue dots are Long Yuan's children, and each blue dot has a name on it.

He could clearly find out the locations of all Longyuan members.

At this moment, Qin Feng saw that the positions of himself and Feng Xi's three daughters were displayed on the Red Moon Star...

And those red light spots are the children of the Six Dao clan.

Each red light spot also bears a name.

Qin Feng took a rough look and estimated that there were 70,000.

There are quite a few disciples of the Six Dao Clan!

The number of Guang's younger brothers is about five times that of Longyuan Town.

Soon, Qin Feng saw the name of the six ancestors.

He couldn't help but shudder!

The Sixth Dao Patriarch is out!

This is earlier than expected!

Afterwards, he also saw two red light spots beside the Six Dao Patriarch, named Dao Yan and Luo Tian.

Qin Feng was a little surprised when he saw Luo Tian's name.

"It seems that Luo Tian has taken refuge in the Six Dao Clan and joined the Six Dao Clan. Otherwise, he will not become a red spot!"

Qin Feng couldn't help muttering in his heart.

However, he is not worried!

The Daluo clan is also the target he must destroy!

I don't want so much anymore!

Now that the positions of the members of the two sides are exposed to each other, Long Yuanzhen is already in a very dangerous state, and he has to go back quickly!

With this in mind, Qin Feng raised his head and looked in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

Looking at the Blue Star Realm from the Red Moon Star, what I saw is a huge planet, the picture is very shocking!

The six ancestors are all out!

He should go back!

With this in mind, Qin Feng flew towards the star gate of the Blue Star Realm.

The Blue Star Realm was shrouded in a huge ban, and he couldn't summon it through space, so he rushed back to the Blue Star Realm in an instant.

He can only teleport back to Longyuan Town after entering the Blue Star Realm through the star gate...

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Your combat power and reputation have been detected, and you have the potential to be promoted to a new title. 】

[It is detected that you are a 'child of luck', and the new title task is activated in advance. 】

[New title - Sky Surveyor. 】

[Promotion requirement one: The basic combat power reaches 5 million stars. 】

[Promotion requirement 2: Reputation reaches 6000 points. 】

[Reminder: If the new title is promoted successfully, you will get rich rewards! 】

what!

The new title task is activated!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

This time, the title task can be activated in advance because he is the son of luck.

It can be seen that the role of the second title is still very large.

Having said that, it turns out that the title above the God Killer is the Sky Surveyor!

When he was promoted to Godslayer, he received a huge reward.

The reward for being promoted to Sky Surveyor must be even greater!

At this thought, Qin Feng's heart was hot.

The current basic combat power is 4.3 million stars, which is 700,000 stars short of the promotion target.

By the way, he still has 14 Jiuzhuan Divine Body Pills in his hand!