Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Then, as soon as he thought about it, he was divided into two parts, the polar body and the polar body itself.

In the next second, the polar yang body waved and retracted the polar yin body into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, Ji Yang's body flashed and flew towards the Blue Star Realm.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, he practiced the secret spear.

As soon as the cathode body appeared, 256 fission bodies were fissioned.

Then, each of the 14 fission bodies took out a nine-turn Divine Body Pill and began to refine them with all their strength.

The remaining 242 fission, each took out a spirit flower, and began to extract endlessly

It turned out that Qin Feng collected countless spirit flowers and spirit grasses in the eighth level assessment, but he did not digest them at all.

In fact, the spirit flower he digested last time was not even 1%.

At this moment, he just took advantage of the time he was on his way to extract some spirit flower essence to strengthen his physical body, thereby enhancing his strength.

PS: It's the beginning of the month, and the little author has the audacity to ask for a few monthly passes. Thank you readers!

Chapter 542: Reincarnation Immortal! Endless despair!

In this way, some of the polar Yin fission variants are extracting the essence of the spirit flower, and some are refining the Jiuzhuan Divine Body Pill.

Ji Yang's body is on the road at full speed, trying to get back to the Blue Star Realm as soon as possible.

At the same moment, in the forbidden area of ​​the Six Dao Clan, there was an earth-shattering roar from the Six Dao Patriarch!

"Damn!"

At this moment, the Six Dao Patriarch was so angry that his face was flushed.

Daoyan and Luo Tian were so frightened that they didn't even dare to breathe.

After a long time, the Sixth Dao Patriarch gradually calmed down his anger, and his expression was extremely gloomy.

"Humph! How easy is it to kill someone who wants to kill the old man?!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch snorted coldly, and clapped his hands together.

hum! hum! hum!

Suddenly, the hands of the six ancestors kept flying, and ten fingertips lit up with a strange golden light.

The power of the law between heaven and earth resonated with it, and the entire forbidden space trembled slightly!

Luo Tian looked surprised!

"Brother Daoyan, this is the master"

Daoyan swallowed his saliva and said nervously: "The ancestor should be using the 'Sin of Reincarnation' and trying to revive my family head."

"Reincarnation Seal? What is that?"

Luo Tian was full of curiosity.

Daoyan explained: "The Seal of Reincarnation is a kind of vocation skill that can only be mastered by the Judge of the Lord. My ancestor used to be the Supreme Judge of the Judgment, and naturally mastered the Seal of Reincarnation."

"It is rumored that the Lord of Judgment has condensed the seal of reincarnation and implanted it into the messengers under his command. If the messenger dies in the future, the Lord of Judgment can use the seal of reincarnation to resurrect him, and it will be resurrected an infinite number of times!"

Luo Tian's eyes lit up: "Hey! According to what you said, Master can resurrect Brother Daokong?"

"And with that reincarnation printed, the messengers under the master are almost immortal, unless something happens to the master. Otherwise, as long as the master is alive, his messengers will not die!"

But he didn't want to, Daoyan shook his head and smiled bitterly: "The situation is a little different from what you imagined! My ancestor used to be the Supreme Judge of Judgment, but now it is not the real Supreme Judgment, so many of his vocation skills have been reduced in power."

"It is inevitable that the effect of this reincarnation seal will be greatly discounted in his hands. Ordinary Supreme Judgment can resurrect his messengers unlimited times. My ancestor can only be resurrected three times."

"More than three times, if you die again, you will never be able to resurrect. If you die completely! My ancestors will also permanently lose an envoy quota!"

Luo Tian suddenly said: "I see! But, that's not bad! Being able to resurrect three times is equivalent to having three lives!"

This time, Luo Tian finally realized why the Sixth Dao Patriarch was so angry.

If Daokong dies completely, he will lose a messenger forever!

In fact, Dao Yan still had something to say.

It is precisely because of some special circumstances of the ancestors of the Six Paths that the effect of his vocation skills has been discounted, which has also resulted in the insufficient sacrifice of the envoys under his command.

430 Those messengers of the living dead can only sacrifice 50% of their combat power.

The living messenger will have more sacrifice power, but it can only reach 60%.

In fact, the messengers under the Supreme Court should be able to sacrifice 80% of their combat power.

Qin Feng is still the master of high-level judgment, so his messengers can only sacrifice 70% of their combat power.

If Qin Feng is promoted to Supreme Judgment, then Feng Xi's three daughters' sacrifice to him will also increase to 80%.

Just when Luo Tian was thinking about it, a sudden change occurred in the field!

I saw that under the control of the Six Dao Patriarch, countless stars gathered in the sky and the earth, and a human-shaped light and shadow gathered in the place where the Dao Kong turned into blue smoke.

After a while, the light and shadow of the human figure gradually solidified, turning into a figure with white hair and a wrinkled face.

Luo Tian was shocked to discover that this extremely old figure was Dao Kong.

It's just that Daokong seems to be a hundred years old all of a sudden, and his whole body is suffocated, and he feels a little bit exhausted.

However, Daokong is finally resurrected!

Luo Tian suddenly realized why Daokong dared to make a lore bet.

It turned out that Dao Kong knew that even if he died, the Sixth Dao Patriarch could resurrect him!

However, looking at Daokong's aged state, it seems to be very costly!

"Patriarch!"

Daoyan was very excited when he saw Daokong's resurrection.

Dao Kong also looked at everyone in surprise.

Ha ha!

He saw his grandfather again!

Resurrected!

He is finally alive!

what! Something seems wrong!

When Dao Kong was pleasantly surprised, he found that the old ancestor's face was extremely gloomy.

He hurriedly looked at himself and checked it out!

After a while, his face became extremely ugly.

"Old Ancestor! I am this"

Dao Kong looked at himself in disbelief.

He saw in horror that his divine elixir had been covered with fine cracks and had become dilapidated.

Because of this, his combat power plummeted to 170,000 stars, and he couldn't even reach the threshold of a demigod.

The demigod threshold combat power is 200,000 stars.

"Old Ancestor, why did my combat power drop to 170,000 stars?"

Daokong's lips trembled, and he looked at the Sixth Dao Patriarch in horror.

He seemed to realize something.

When Daoyan and Luo Tian heard this, they were extremely surprised!

You know, Daokong's previous combat power was 770,000 stars!

Ancestor Liudao smiled bitterly: "Although this old man forcibly resurrected you, the price of resurrection is too high. The reincarnation seal that this old man implanted in your body could have resurrected you three times."

"But you were not killed by people, but were punished to death by heaven, so three chances of resurrection can only save you once. The reincarnation seal in your body has completely disappeared, hey!"

Having said that, the Sixth Dao Patriarch sighed helplessly.

Because of his incomplete vocation skills, he could only condense ten Reincarnation Seals and implant them into ten messengers.

Now, the reincarnation seal in Daokong's body has disappeared.

He also completely lost a reincarnation seal.

In other words, if Daokong was killed again, it would be impossible to resurrect.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Hearing these words, Dao Kong was heartbroken!

Then, he asked again: "But...how did my combat power drop to 170,000 stars?"

The ancestor of Liudao smiled bitterly: "The way of heaven follows the conservation of energy! Even if you are resurrected, the rewards and punishments of the previous combat power must be balanced."

"Before, Qin Feng was rewarded with 600,000 combat power. Where does it come from? Naturally, it will be deducted from you. Therefore, your combat power has dropped from 770,000 stars to 170,000 stars, even a demigod threshold. Not as good."

"what!"

Daokong was indignant.

But before he could finish digesting it, Six Dao Patriarch continued to explain.

"Actually, the price you paid is more than that. Just dropping 600,000 star combat power is not enough. You also paid more than a thousand years of life. Now, your life is only 10 years left. ."

"Also, your elixir is cracked. Those cracks are permanent and will never heal."

"That is to say, from this moment onwards, there is no possibility for your combat power to improve at all! Your realm can no longer be restored!...Hey!"

boom!

After listening to these words, Daokong was shocked all over, as if he was hit by five thunders, the whole person was stunned on the spot!

Even Daoyan and Luo Tian were dumbfounded!

OMG!

Shouyuan only has 10 years left!

Realm and combat power can never be restored!

This is too bad!

No wonder Dao Kong has turned into a gray-haired old man!

The two of them couldn't help but take a deep breath!

This time, Dao Kong's loss was too great!

After a while, Dao Kong recovered.

Pfft!

He knelt down in front of the Sixth Dao Patriarch at once!

"Ancestor! Save me! Save me! I don't want to die yet! I don't want to die yet! Woo! Woo!"

Dao Kong wailed loudly, his face full of tears.

He only has ten years of life left!

He didn't want to die so early!

"Hey! This is the punishment of heaven, and this old man is powerless!"

Ancestor Six Dao also shook his head helplessly.

"Ancestor, is there really no way?"

"No!"

Ancestor Liudao hesitated again and said: "Daokong, in your current state, it is no longer suitable to be a messenger of hell. In order to keep the old man higher in combat power, I can only deprive you of the status of messenger of hell, let Daoyan Come on."

"By the way, since Daoyan came to be the messenger of hell, in the future, the position of patriarch should be handed over to Daoyan! After all, Daoyan's combat power is 500,000 stars, and no one is more suitable than him."

boom!

Dao Kong was stiff all over!