Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

There is endless despair in his eyes!

He never thought that the result of this bet made him fall into a bottomless abyss!

His combat power, his realm, his lifespan, his emissary status, and his patriarch status were all lost!

Daokong closed his eyes silently.

Two lines of tears rolled from the corners of his frowning eyes.

Not reconciled!

He really is not reconciled at all!

It's all Qin Feng's fault!

It was because of that little thief that he was so miserable!

revenge!

He must seek revenge on Qin Feng!

At this time, the Sixth Dao Patriarch stepped forward and pressed a finger to Dao Kong's eyebrows.

He wants to take out the Hell Divine Seal from the Dao Kong Consciousness Sea, and then implant it in Dao Yan.

In fact, he resurrected Daokong just for that **** **** seal.

After all, he is no longer a true Judgment Supreme.

If the **** **** seal dissipated, he would not be able to condense a second one.

Without the Seal of Hell, he would not be able to recruit new messengers from hell.

This is why he did everything he could to resurrect Dao Kong.

Fortunately, he succeeded in resurrecting Dao Kong, and the imprint of **** is still there.

Thinking of this, Six Dao Patriarch breathed a sigh of relief, and then pressed his finger on Dao Kong's eyebrows.

Daokong also closed his eyes in despair, and could only accept the facts in front of him.

But his hatred for Qin Feng has risen to the extreme...

At the same moment, in the Longyuan channel, the frying pan was already over.

"Brothers, the rewards and punishments are over! We and the members of the Six Dao Clan have all been announced!"

"I see! Everyone's names came out for 72 hours, that is, three days and three nights!"

"Hey! It can be said that everything has been exposed. For the next three days, both of us will be immortal!"

"It's more than immortal! The names and positions of all members have been announced. This is to cut down the grass and root, and none of them will be left!"

As soon as these words fell, Long Yuan rushed to the top and got a little nervous.

Then, Feng Ying's head jumped.

Feng Ying: "Everyone, I see the master's position. He is leaving from the Red Moon Star and rushing towards the Blue Star Realm!"

Fengying has a secret admiration for Qin Feng, so she naturally keeps an eye on Qin Feng's movements.

So as soon as the location information came out, she first looked for Qin Feng's location.

After her reminder, everyone checked, and they saw that Qin Feng was flying to the Blue Star Realm.

Everyone was overjoyed!

"Haha! Great! The boss has completed the assessment and is on his way back to the Blue Star Realm!"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Yeah! As long as the boss comes back, we don't have to worry. Even if the six ancestors have the strength close to the middle stage of the False God, the boss can handle it!"

"Of course it is!"

Everyone in Long Yuan has full confidence in Qin Feng.

At this moment, Granny Feng Qi's head jumped.

Granny Feng Qi: "Everyone, the Red Moon Star is very far away from the Blue Star Realm! That's flying in space! It will take at least an hour or two for the master to get from the Red Moon Star to the Blue Star Realm."

Granny Feng Qi: "The old man took a look at the location of the Six Dao Clan. Although they are far away from us, they are still in the Blue Star Realm. If the Six Dao Patriarch can set off, I am afraid that they will be able to reach us within an hour. The nearest station in Longyuan Town."

Granny Feng Qi: "Assuming this, I am afraid that the Sixth Dao Patriarch will kill Longyuan Town one step ahead of the master!"

boom!

As soon as those words fell, everyone was shocked!

Afterwards, everyone checked the map and found that it was indeed the case.

This time, everyone was a little nervous.

"My God! It's really like this! If the old ancestor of the Six Paths arrives in one step, the situation will be in trouble!"

"Upstairs, don't worry! This time, the boss rushed back after being promoted to the heaven level. The strength must have increased greatly, and the speed must have also increased greatly. Perhaps, he can rush back to Longyuan within an hour!"

"One hour is a bit difficult, right? I think it would be good if the boss can reach the entrance of the star gate within an hour. But there is still a long distance from the entrance of the star gate to the defense station at the forefront of Longyuan! "

"Upstairs, don't forget! The boss is summoned from the space, as long as he enters the star gate, he can teleport to the front line station immediately!"

"Yeah! However, even so, the distance between the boss and us is still much farther than that of the Six Dao Clan! I'm still worried that the Six Dao Ancestor will arrive first."

"Don't worry! Even if the old ancestor of the six paths arrives in one step, it may not be able to do anything to us. Don't forget, the three avatars of the boss are still stationed in the floating city!"

"That's right! I'm just a little worried. Can the boss's three avatars join forces until the boss rushes back?"

"That's not clear!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was worried.

At this moment, Liu Xuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, don't talk about these useless things. Even if you wait for the boss and the six ancestors to come, it will take more than half an hour. Taking advantage of this time, we will destroy another guardian force."

Liu Xuan: "In this way, the number of sites in Longyuan Town can reach 60, just to help the boss unlock the 10,000-star feedback!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone agreed.

"Yeah! Our current site is 59, and we can unlock the 10,000-star feedback with just one!"

"Be sure to let the boss get 10,000-star back-feeding early! Breaking 10,000-star level, one person can feed back 2,000 attributes. The 2,000 person-times are 4 million attribute points, which is equivalent to 80,000-star combat power!"

"80,000-star combat power! This is definitely a huge number! This is of great help to the boss's combat power improvement!"

"Yeah! We have to unlock this feedback quickly! But where is the guardian force? It's really desperate!"

As soon as these words fell, Granny Feng Qi's head jumped again.

Granny Feng Qi: "The last guardian force we destroyed was the Yun Clan. I got some useful news from an elder of the Yun Clan. That is, they have an ally called the Star Clan."

Granny Feng Qi: "Lao Shen got the specific location of Dark Star Clan from that person. At this moment, Lao Shen is on his way to Star Clan. It is estimated that he will be there in ten minutes!"

All the way, everyone was overjoyed.

"Haha! That's great! Granny Feng Qi, your good news! It's so timely!"

"Yeah! As long as we destroy the Star Clan, the number of sites will reach 60, and the boss will be able to unlock the 10,000-star feedback immediately!"

Granny Feng Qi: "Everyone, this old man has already reported this to the boss's clone. The boss's clone will let the old man inform you, so hurry up and prepare for battle. Let's go and destroy Star Clan together!"

"Mother Feng Qi, I have already prepared! You can leave anytime!"

"Haha, me too!"

At this moment, everyone was overjoyed.

One by one is gearing up, waiting for the coming of the war

At the same time, in the forbidden area of ​​the Six Dao Clan.

Elder Liudao has taken out the 'Hell's Seal' from Daokong and implanted it in Daoyan's body.

Since then, Daoyan has become his messenger from hell!

Chapter 543 Six Paths are coming! Time is running out!

At this moment, Six Dao Patriarch looked at Dao Yan and breathed a sigh of relief.

The conversion was finally successful!

It's just that after Daoyan became the messenger of hell, he still lost a lot!

Before, Daokong's combat power was 770,000 stars. According to the sacrifice of 60% of his combat power, he could sacrifice about 460,000 stars of combat power.

Daoyan's combat power is 500,000 stars, and he can only sacrifice 300,000 stars.

In this comparison, he lost 160,000 star combat power.

In addition, he also lost a reincarnation seal.

Why!

Before the battle with Qin Feng started, he suffered heavy losses!

The Sixth Dao Patriarch is quite depressed!

"Old Ancestor, I have completed the fusion of the Divine Seal of Hell, what should I do next?"

At this time, Dao Yan was extremely excited.

Being able to become the messenger of the ancestors means that he will be trained by the ancestors in the future.

Eight of the ten messengers under the ancestor's command are living dead, and there will be no change in the strength of their bodies.

Only he and Luo Tian are alive and can continue to grow, and the ancestors will definitely focus on training.

Maybe under the training of the ancestors, both he and Luo Tianneng became the illusory gods.

Thinking of this, Dao Yan was naturally excited.

Having said that, in order to be able to integrate ten sacred artifacts, the ancestors of the Six Paths had to refine the ancestors of the various mysterious forces into living dead and use them as their messengers.

If there were more suitable candidates, he would have chosen all living people to be messengers.

"Next, you and Luo Tianlai will cooperate with this old man to merge these two heaven-suppressing artifacts into one."

As soon as the words fell, the Sixth Dao Patriarch waved his hand, with a long spear and a black shield in front of him.

That long spear is the divine object of the Daluo tribe - the Wanluo spear!

That black shield is the sacred object of the Six Dao Clan - Hell's Shield!

Now, the Sixth Dao Patriarch wants to fuse the two sacred objects into one and take them for his own use.

"Yes! Old Ancestor (Master)!"

At the moment, Daoyan and Luo Tian agreed.

"By the way, Daokong, take out that inferior artifact - the Hell Spear!"

The Six Dao Patriarch looked at Dao Kong again.

"Yes!"

Dao Kong said in a low voice, and took out a black spear from the storage ring.

As soon as the spear appeared, it exuded an astonishing aura, with extraordinary momentum!

Luo Tian was amazed when he saw it, and there was a look of envy in his eyes.

He had already heard that Daokong had a low-grade artifact in his hands.

Now it seems that the low-grade artifact was bestowed by the Sixth Dao Patriarch, and it was only temporarily lent to Dao Kong for use.

Now that the Sixth Dao Patriarch is out of the customs, he naturally wants to take back his spear.

I saw that after the Sixth Dao Patriarch took the magic spear, there was a look of joy in his eyes.

This **** gun can give him a 200,000-star combat power, and it can improve his strength a lot!

This made him more confident in killing Qin Feng!

"Ancestor! I want revenge! Please help me kill Qin Feng!"

At this time, Daokong slowly raised his head, his tone was full of boundless hatred.

Ancestor Liudao put away his spear and nodded slowly.