Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Grass! Why did I only get 1 point of energy. What the hell? Is my contribution level so low? Is there a mistake in the allocation?!"

"Little Li, don't complain! These energy distributions are distributed by Heavenly Dao according to our respective contributions. Absolutely fair!"

"Hey! It seems that I am too good!"

…

In the distance, Qin Feng saw this, and his heart was enlightened.

It turns out that this is how the team distributes energy.

Everyone works together and distributes them according to their contribution.

This is Heaven's pity for human beings, and it also encourages human beings to cooperate together.

Just this way, a giant snake needs 40 points of energy to be divided by seven people, and each person can't get much.

Some people only get 1 point of energy, which is very pitiful.

Even the strongest Lei Jue would not be able to get 20 points of energy.

And Qin Feng can kill a snake by himself, and enjoy 40 points of energy.

Only in this way did he know how happy he was.

At this moment, a dazzling white light suddenly lit up on Lei Jue's body, which shocked the audience.

Qin Feng was also stunned.

Wondering what happened to this guy?

Why all of a sudden the whole body glows?

In just a moment, the white light dimmed, and Lei Jue opened his eyes with a smile on his face.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Boss Lei, why did your whole body glow just now?"

"Yeah! Scare me! Boss Lei, are you alright?"

Everyone showed concern.

Lei Jue smiled slightly: "It's okay! I just upgraded!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience exclaimed.

"Wow! Boss Lei has risen to level 2!"

"Tsk tsk! Boss Lei, you are too amazing!"

"Yeah! My progress is only level 1 (17/100), and I'm still far from level 2!"

At this moment, everyone looked at Lei Jue with awe and envy.

In the bushes, Qin Feng was also a little surprised.

Hours passed, and he finally saw a level 2 human.

I don't know how much improvement will there be when upgrading from level 1 to level 2?

Looking at Lei Jue's self-confidence, it should have improved a lot.

By the way, he can visit!

As soon as this thought moved, he launched the Eye of True Sight on Lei Jue...

[race]: human

[Level]: Level 2

[Strength]: 20

[Agility]: 22

[Physical]: 19

【Energy】: 21

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 2 stars

"Uh...is this the level 2 data?"

Qin Feng was slightly taken aback.

The four-dimensional index of this level 2 is not as good as his level 1.

It seems that even if he doesn't level up, he is stronger than a level 2 human.

With such combat power as Lei Jue, coupled with his talent, his comprehensive strength barely reached the 3-star threshold.

With this kind of strength, if he singled out a level 1 beast, he would only lose more and win less, at most five or five.

And Qin Feng's combat power evaluation is the limit of 2 stars. With many talent bonuses, the overall strength is comparable to 4 stars, or even the limit of 4 stars.

In other words, he can easily defeat three or four Lei Jue.

Besides, he is only level 1 now, one level lower than Lei Jue.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a burst of joy in his heart.

Chapter 9 Shocked! The lone strongman!

At this time, in the crowd in front, a middle-aged man became excited.

"Great! Boss Lei has been upgraded! Then it will be easier for us to avenge Chen Jun."

"Pharaoh, what happened to Chen Jun?"

"Hey! It's like this. Chen Jun and I were exploring the road together. As soon as we arrived in the grove, we encountered two highly poisonous nine-ringed snakes. As soon as we saw that the situation was not good, we turned around and fled."

"Unfortunately! Chen Jun's speed was slow. He was caught up by one of the giant snakes and swallowed it in one bite. What I awakened was the talent for speed. If I was faster, I led another snake and escaped here."

"Fortunately, you all rushed over, and this was the only way to kill this giant snake... Hey! It's really... It's really terrible!"

Speaking of which, the middle-aged man looked terrified.

Lei Jue listened silently, with a serious expression.

In these few hours, he has established absolute prestige in this newcomer group and is respected as the boss by the whole group.

Even if the middle-aged man was ten years older than him, he had to call him "Boss Lei".

"Let's go! Let's avenge Chen Jun! Old Wang, lead the way!"

Lei Jue said lightly.

"Boss Lei, come with me!"

Pharaoh quickly stepped forward to lead the way.

At the moment, the group walked towards Qin Feng's hiding place...

Overheard here, Qin Feng also figured out one thing.

He killed the poisonous nine-ring snake before, and the person who devoured it should be the Chen Jun in the mouth of the old king.

At this moment, Lei Jue and his party approached.

Qin Feng quickly held his breath, crouched in the bushes, and hid carefully.

He wanted to wait for these people to leave before going forward to extract the body of the giant snake.

But when the group passed by Qin Feng's hiding place, a beautiful girl in blue jeans seemed to have found something, and suddenly turned to look at Qin Feng's hiding place.

"Who?!"

The pretty girl's name was Liu Yan, and at this moment, she was staring at the bushes ahead with a wary expression on her face.

It turned out that she was a gifted ear.

The distance between the two sides was less than ten meters, and she heard Qin Feng's heartbeat.

Her sudden shock surprised everyone, and they all looked at Qin Feng's hiding place.

"who?"

"come out!"

Everyone was on guard.

In this crisis-riddled world, life can be lost at any time, and no one dares to be careless.

In the bushes, Qin Feng sighed helplessly, and had to get up sadly.

However, he wasn't worried at all.

Even if the seven Lei Jue join forces, they are not his opponents.

"It's you!"

Liu Yan looked at Qin Feng somewhat unexpectedly, as if she knew Qin Feng.

Qin Feng was slightly taken aback.

He doesn't seem to know this woman.

"Liu Yan, do you know him?"

The old king asked casually.

Liu Yan was stunned for a moment, and immediately thought of something, her pretty face blushed slightly.

Where does she know Qin Feng, but there are everyone's avatars and names in the chat channel.

There are a thousand people in this novice village, most of them look crooked, and there are only a few handsome.

Qin Feng is one of them.

Liu Yan is also a member of the Appearance Association, so she paid attention and naturally remembered Qin Feng.

It's just that she didn't expect that she would meet Qin Feng here.

But she couldn't say that it was because Qin Feng was handsome that she remembered this person.

"That... I saw his avatar in the chat channel, so I remembered him. This person is Qin Feng."

Liu Yan pretended to be calm.

Then, she looked at Qin Feng again: "Qin Feng, why are you here?"

"Just passing by!"

Qin Feng said lightly.

Liu Yan sighed: "This field is very dangerous. It's easy for you to go into trouble by yourself. Not long ago, one of our teammates had an accident."

Speaking of which, she seemed to have thought of something, and turned to look at Lei Jue.

"Boss Lei, why don't Qin Feng come with us. It's pitiful and dangerous for him to wander outside alone."

Lao Wang also agreed: "Boss Lei, something happened to Chen Jun, and we are missing one person. Otherwise, let Qin Feng join in, just to supplement the combat power."

Hearing this, Lei Jue nodded slightly.

In the early days of human beings, there was a big gap in strength between humans and beasts.

Humans of the same level are not the opponents of beasts, and cooperation with each other is an inevitable trend.

In the future, various forces, big and small, will definitely be born.

If he wants to expand his influence, he must form his own power and let more people come to him.

After thinking about this, Lei Jue looked at Qin Feng.

"Qin Feng, show your attributes and talents. As long as it's not too bad, I'll accept you."

Lei Jue said indifferently, his tone was a little high.

Hearing this, Liu Yan suddenly looked overjoyed: "Qin Feng, release your personal information and let Boss Lei see it!"

Old Wang also said: "Qin Feng, our boss Lei is a level 2 powerhouse. You are lucky to form a team with us."

As soon as these words came out, everyone smiled.