Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

awesome!

This is the highest reward Qin Feng has received so far.

He was also the first player among the million people in District 1 to get the golden treasure chest.

Qin Feng happily took the golden treasure chest and put it in the storage ring.

Now is not the time to open the treasure chest.

He was more curious about what that D-level public mission was.

Thinking of this, he opened the task channel and entered the public task option.

I saw that there was one more D-level task in the task list.

[D-level mission: future village chief]

[Task content: Go to the Bone Wilderness in the level 10 area and find a tall old tree. If you are lucky, you will find a mysterious place called 'The Lost Village' next to the old tree. 】

[Task content: Enter the lost village, rely on your own exploration, find out the truth of the formation of the village, and kill the demon behind it. After completing the quest, you will be rewarded: the Village Chief's Appointment Scroll and a Golden Treasure Chest. 】

Fuck it~!

As a reward for a D-level mission, there is a golden treasure chest.

It's actually the same as the reward for the first place in the novice assessment!

Sure enough, the task is very precious!

Thinking about it, the C-level map opening task in his hand was rewarded with a dark treasure chest.

In this way, getting a task is equivalent to getting a chance!

Qin Feng was excited and continued to look down.

[Task reminder: You will become the village chief of 911 Village after you get the appointment of the village chief. At that point, you will have great authority and benefits. At the same time, the villagers of 911 Village will also receive a lot of benefits. 】

[Task reminder: Becoming the village chief is the beginning of the development of the novice village, and it is an extremely important first step. A novice village without a village chief will eventually dissolve, and the newcomers will become refugees and lose the support of the novice wooden house. 】

[Task reminder: Only a novice village with a village chief can grow step by step, turning the novice village into a town, a territory, an empire, or even a holy land or a divine domain. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was a little surprised.

A novice village can slowly develop into a holy land, or even a god's domain.

This is too exaggerated!

If all of this is true, then the village chief of Novice Village is the future Lord of the Divine Realm, that is, the Lord of God!

Fuck it~!

This is so interesting!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his heart was full of expectations.

Then, he continued to look down.

[Task reminder: This task is a public task. Once activated, any newcomer in 911 Village can participate in this task as long as they have obtained the corresponding qualifications. Whoever gets the appointment of the village chief first can become the village chief of 911 Village. 】

[Quest Qualification: Only players who have reached level 10 or above and have obtained the title of 'Novice King' are eligible to participate in the quest. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

In the entire 911 village, he was the only one who reached level 10.

The rest of the people are far from low level, even Liu Xuan is only level 6.

As for the title of the novice king, it requires more than 30 reputation points to obtain.

Today, the prestige of the 911 village has reached more than 10 points, and the second one has not yet appeared.

Because the reputation reaches 10 points, the title of 'novice elite' can be obtained, and the second novice elite has not yet appeared in 911 village.

And Qin Feng is already the king of novice.

He already has the qualifications for this task.

Then, he continued to watch.

[Task reminder: The lost village is a very mysterious place. Even if you find the ancient tree in the Bone Wilderness, you may not be able to find the 'lost village'. It takes your wits to find its existence. 】

[Task reminder: To enter the lost village, you also need a dark seal. You need to find a way to collect the dark seal. You may be able to find clues to the seal if you take a look around in the Bone Wilderness. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled again.

These quests remind the mysterious, secretive to many clues.

But Qin Feng has long known that the 'Lost Village' will only appear at night, and he knows its specific location.

People who don't know the situation really need a lot of effort to find it.

In addition, the Dark Seal must be obtained from the Hell Two-Headed Dog.

Qin Feng has already collected them.

In other words, he didn't need to prepare anything.

Just wait until it gets dark and go directly to the 'Lost Village'.

It can be said that this task is completely tailor-made for him.

It's cool to think about this kind of unintentional good thing!

good! good!

Qin Feng was overjoyed and felt extremely comfortable.

The position of the village head of this 911 village, he has to decide.

When he becomes the village head, maybe he can really become a **** master in the future!

Thinking of this, he is full of expectations for the future.

This killing world is full of crises and infinite possibilities.

By the way, I don't know how everyone is doing now?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng switched to the chat channel, only to see that the frying pan was already inside!

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng is too powerful! He has risen to level 10 so quickly!"

"Yes! He is like a god!"

"Haha! Of course! Boss Qin Feng is the only idol in my life!"

"Fuck~! Everyone, go and see the quest channel! That quest is so awesome!"

"I saw it too! D-level task - the future village head. Only when a village head is found in the novice village, can the novice village be qualified to be built and upgraded, and it is possible to develop into a god's domain!"

"God's Domain? Omg! Don't scare me!"

"Don't believe it! Just see for yourself!"

"Hey! God! It's really like this!"

"Fuck! This is too exaggerated!"

"Haha! Brothers, if our village becomes a realm of gods, won't everyone become gods?"

"Haha! That's it!"

"My God! If that's the case, I'm excited just thinking about it!"

"Everyone, don't get excited! If you want to develop a village, you must first become the village head. Otherwise, the village will not be able to upgrade. It will even be disbanded, and everyone will become homeless refugees!"

"Fuck~! It's still like this! Let's hurry up and choose a village head from our village!"

"The village chief is not chosen, it is up to an individual to do this D-level task, and only after obtaining the appointment letter of the village chief can he be the village chief 0"

"So that's the case! Then everyone, hurry up and do the task!"

"Didn't you read the information? To do this quest, you must be level 10 or above and get the title of the novice king. Who can do it?"

"Upstairs, Boss Qin Feng can do it!"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng can do it. He has risen to level 10 and won the title of novice king!"

"It's great! It's great! Everyone, let's call Boss Qin Feng and let him do this task."

"That's right! The task of the village chief cannot be delayed! The sooner our village has a village chief, the better it will be."

"The upstairs is right! The sooner we have the village chief, the sooner we can develop the village, and we will also gain a lot of benefits and take advantage of early development!"

"That's right! That's right! Everyone, please contact Qin Feng and ask him to do this task. We must not let other villages take the lead!"

"Yes! Yes! I'm so excited! I really want Boss Qin Feng to do this task right away. Boss Qin Feng is so strong! Only he is qualified to be our village head!"

"That's right! Only Qin Feng's boss is qualified to be our village head!"

"Boss Qin Feng, are you there? Everyone is calling you!"

"Boss Qin Feng, come out and take a bubble!"

At this moment, Qin Feng was shouting in the channel, and the mood was very high.

Qin Feng smiled and spoke.

Qin Feng: "Don't worry, everyone, I will do this task. I know a little about the 'lost village'. It hasn't appeared yet, and I can't do it if I want to. I have to wait."

As soon as this information came out, the channel cheered.

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng has appeared! Excited! So excited!"

"Boss Qin Feng is very powerful, and he knew some information about the 'lost village' for a long time. It seems that boss Qin Feng is very confident to complete this task."

"Haha! Great! Great! If Qin Feng's boss becomes the 2.2nd head of the village, our village will be able to develop."

The crowd chatted happily.

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "It's not good! It's not good! There is a scolding war in the regional channel again! Those **** are scolding us in the Dragon Kingdom! We have few people, so we can't scold them!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was furious.

"Those **** bastards! It's so deadly!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Mad! They all lost! They are so arrogant!"

Liu Yuan: "You can't imagine their arrogance. Now, they are on the regional channel, clamoring for revenge!"

Liu Yuan: "They said that after the novice assessment is over, all the people from the novice village will meet. At that time, they will join forces to kill all of us from the Dragon Kingdom!"

Fuck it~!

How dare you clamor to kill Guanglong people!

The crowd is furious!

Sure enough, it is not my race, its heart must be different!

If those dogs are not killed for one day, they will be full of resentment against the Dragon Kingdom!

At the moment, everyone rushed to the regional channel.

Qin Feng was furious and switched to the regional channel.

Chapter 70 You have to die!

As soon as he entered the regional channel, Qin Feng saw that the twenty-four villages that had lost before were scolding the people of Longguo.

Villages 911, 34, and 77 responded one after another.

In addition, there is also a 618 village, which also joined the Long Kingdom side to respond to those dog things.

It turns out that Village 618 is also from the Dragon Kingdom.

They just merged into the regional channel.

In just a few hours, the number of villages on the regional channel has surged to a hundred or so.

Among these later villages, there is a village of Longguo people, that is, Village No. 618.

Of course, among the newly arrived villages, there are many more countries belonging to the Lighthouse Country, Asan Country, Sakurajima Country, Nanbang Country, Kangaroo Country, Buluo Country, Gaul Country, and Xiaowan Country.

They also joined the scolding battle.