Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Kong'er, the old man understands your mood! Next, when the old man kills Qin Feng, I still need your help!"

Daokong hurriedly said: "Ancestor, as long as you can kill Qin Feng! If you have any orders, just say it! Daokong will do his best!"

Dao Kong's tone is very firm!

His hatred for Qin Feng has risen to the point of inexorable!

Now, he only has ten years of life left, which is equivalent to lingering on for the rest of his life!

He is not reconciled!

Even if he dies, he will take Qin Feng as his back!

At this time, the ancestor of Liudao said: "Kong'er, when the old man and Qin Feng fight, the ten envoys will use their combat power to sacrifice. It's just that after the sacrifice, the envoys need to sit still, which means they lose the power of self-protection. "

"At this time, the old man needs a group of people to protect them. You are the best candidate. Although your combat power has dropped to 170,000 stars, your combat skills and understanding of the laws are still there, and your comprehensive strength is comparable to the threshold of a demigod!"

Daokong suddenly said: "Relax, my ancestor! I will lead my clan's children above the ninth level of heaven and protect them."

Ancestor Liudao nodded in relief: "That's good!"

He doesn't have Qin Feng's zero-degree space, and there is no way to hide the sacrificial messenger in his body.

When fighting, you also need to take care of the safety of the sacrificial messengers.

"By the way, this is for you!"

At this time, the Sixth Dao Patriarch waved his hand again, and a black token flew to Daokong.

"Ancestor, this is"

Dao Kong took the token with a puzzled look on his face.

"That's the token for manipulating the corpse! This token can control the corpse of Luozu! Now, Luo Tian has been under the command of the old man and has become the messenger of the old man's heaven. The corpse of Luozu before can follow you and assist you in battle. "

The Sixth Dao Patriarch explained it casually.

Dao Kong was greatly surprised.

Luo Tian's expression was a little complicated.

The so-called corpse of Luozu is the corpse of the ancestor of the Da Luo clan.

It has been refined into a corpse by the six ancestors.

However, Luo Tian did not say anything.

After all, he has recognized the Six Dao Patriarch as the master, and he dare not say much about some things.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Okay! Daokong, hurry up and organize the powerhouses of the eighth level and above in the clan. After a quarter of an hour, I will set off!"

"Yes! Ancestor!"

Daokong hurriedly took the order and left.

After Daokong left the forbidden area, Six Dao Patriarch looked at Daoyan again.

"Come on! Let's hurry up and integrate the gods! Time is running out!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, the Six Dao Patriarch and his party began to integrate the sacred objects.

Time flies!

Before I knew it, ten minutes passed.

At this time, in the first competition area, a figure appeared over a valley somewhere.

That is the mother-in-law Feng Qi!

As soon as Granny Fengxi appeared, she looked into the valley.

I saw that there were crowds of people in the valley, and it was very busy.

At a glance, she saw that there were more than 50,000 people in the valley!

Granny Feng Qi couldn't help but smile.

She finally found it!

This is the guardian force - StarClan's lair.

Seeing that there are more than 50,000 people in Star Clan, this is the best among the guardian forces!

In the same way, destroying this star clan can also make the strength of Long Yuan's children soar.

More importantly, occupying the Star Clan territory will allow the owner to unlock the 10,000-star feedback.

Thinking of this, Granny Feng Qi was excited.

Then, she opened the communication channel and reported to the Yueling clone.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Just after Granny Feng Qi finished reporting, there was a continuous sound of breaking the air below!

In a blink of an eye, more than thirty figures flew from below, besieging Granny Feng Qi in the center.

These thirty or so people are all from the sixth to eighth level of heaven.

The black-robed old man headed by him is the peak of the eighth level of heaven.

That black-robed old man is the patriarch of Star Clan!

"Who is Your Excellency?"

As soon as the old man appeared, he immediately asked Granny Feng Qi.

At this moment, a subordinate behind him exclaimed.

"Patriarch, this person is a challenger!"

"What?!" The black-robed old man was shocked.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky above the StarClan station suddenly vibrated violently!

Everyone was shocked and looked up!

click! click! click!

I saw that above the 10,000-foot-high sky, the void suddenly cracked, and a 10,000-foot-long space crack appeared.

Immediately afterwards, a huge city in the sky emerged from the crack in the space and stretched over the Star Clan station.

The giant city in the sky is hundreds of miles in diameter, covering the sky and the ground, and it is extremely huge.

As soon as it appeared, the StarClan station became dark, and all light was blocked by the giant city.

The black-robed old man and the others were stunned.

Inside the Star Clan station, there were even more exclamations!

At this moment, everyone was shocked by the giant city in the sky.

That giant city in the sky is the current mobile base of Long Yuan - the floating city.

After the Yueling clone received the message from Granny Feng Qi, it manipulated the floating order and jumped over the space of the floating city.

"My God! Patriarch, what is this?"

Someone behind the black-robed old man exclaimed.

The black-robed old man couldn't answer.

call out!

At this moment, a white light flashed beside Granny Feng Qi, and Yueling's clone appeared out of thin air.

"Owner!"

When Granny Fengqi saw Yueling's avatar, she was delighted to come forward to meet her.

"Well! Let's do it!"

The Yueling clone nodded slightly and looked at the black-robed old man.

When the black-robed old man heard the word 'hands on', he was furious.

Seeing that this young man is only at the realm of heaven, in the face of so many heaven-level powerhouses, he dares to say that in an understatement.

Do you really think you can beat thirty or so?

But only when this thought came, the Moon Spirit clone waved his hand, triggering more than 30 light arrows!

call out! call out! call out!

boom! boom! boom!

In just one face-to-face, Yueling's clone smashed all the thirty or so people into slag, and even the screams were too late.

The next second, he and Feng Qi's mother-in-law went to the Star Clan's nest together.

At the same moment, the excited shouts of Long Yuan's disciples came from the floating city.

"Haha!! Here we are! We have arrived at the StarClan lair!"

"Brothers! Destroy Star Clan! Our Longyuan site can reach 60! The boss's 10,000 combat power can be unlocked!"

"Yes! Everyone rush! Quickly rush!"

"Kill! Haha!"

Everyone in Longyuan cheered.

The 15,000 Great Army rushed out of the Floating City with a rush and smashed towards the Star Clan's lair,

In the sky, it suddenly became black!

A moment later, in the Star Clan's lair, there were loud fighting sounds and all kinds of shrill screams.

That Star Clan is the leader among the guardian forces.

But in front of Longyuan Town, it is vulnerable!

It's a one-sided slaughter

At the same moment, the Six Dao clan stationed in the sky.

Ancestor Six Paths stood in the air, looking at the direction of the Star Clan station.

Through the positions announced by the two parties, he clearly saw that the Long Yuan people were attacking the Star Clan station.

Behind Liudao Patriarch, there were Luo Tian, ​​Daoyan, and nine puppet corpses with monstrous corpses.

Behind them is Dao Kong, as well as nearly a thousand disciples of the Six Dao Clan and Daluo Clan.

The lowest strength of these children is also the eighth level of heaven.

There are more than fifty people at the peak of the sky level.

The chief Taishang of the Daluo clan, Luo Fu, was also among them.

0

Luo Fu is an early demigod powerhouse.

In short, this is a very powerful force.

"Ancestor, look at the movement in Longyuan Town. They are concentrating their forces and attacking the Star Clan's nest."

Dao Yan muttered.

"Master, this Star Clan is very famous among the guardian forces, and it is regarded as the leader among the guardian forces. I really don't understand, at this critical juncture, Long Yuanzhen did not guard his own nest, but went to attack the Star Clan."

"Could it be that they thought that after our bet was over, we wouldn't attack them?"

Luo Tian also muttered.

Ancestor Liudao sneered: "No matter what they think, we will meet them in the past. Having said that, this StarClan station is closer to us. At our speed, we can arrive in half an hour."

Daoyan was delighted: "Yes, ancestor! What's even better is that Qin Feng is still outside the starry sky. According to his moving speed, it will take at least 40 minutes before he can reach the star gate and enter the blue star realm."

"In other words, wait for him to reach the Blue Star Realm. We have already killed the StarClan station first."

Luo Tian smiled and said, "It's even better! It's a good thing for us to kill all his subordinates first while Qin Feng is away!"