Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The corner of Liudao's ancestor's mouth was slightly raised: "Even if Qin Feng is present, I can easily kill all of Longyuan's children."

Daoyan quickly agreed: "The ancestor is right! By the way, the ancestor, Qin Feng came from outside the starry sky, he should be promoted to the realm of heaven. In addition, he received a 600,000-star combat power reward not long ago. Its comprehensive strength, I am afraid that it has reached the initial stage of False God."

Obviously, Dao Yan far underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

Ancestor Liudao didn't take it seriously: "Don't say it is the early stage of False God, it is the middle stage of False God, then you have to die! Well, while Qin Feng has not rushed back, let's go and destroy the members of Long Yuan!"

0

"By the way, Daokong, have the others arranged it?"

Ancestor Six Dao looked back at Dao Kong again.

"Back to the ancestors, I'll set off first! Supreme Elder Daojun will lead fifty thousand disciples, and then follow."

"Okay! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the six ancestors flew to the Star Clan station first.

Dao Yan, Luo Tian, ​​Dao Kong, and nine puppet corpses followed.

In this way, these nearly a thousand strong men smashed to the Star Clan station in a mighty manner.

At the same time, above the starry sky.

The polar body is rushing to the gate of the starry sky at full speed

"Hey! This is"

At this time, he suddenly discovered that Six Dao Patriarch and other thousand people were rushing to the Star Clan station.

And the three clones, leading the Long Yuan people, are attacking the Star Clan station.

Obviously, the Sixth Dao Patriarch and the others went to Long Yuan's disciples.

Immediately, he looked at it again, and the red light spots representing the ancestors of Liudao and others, the speed of movement on the map, could not help but change his face slightly.

According to the speed of Liudao Ancestor and others, they will be able to kill the Star Clan station in half an hour.

And it would take him forty minutes to reach the Gate of Starry Sky.

As a result, the two sides are 10 minutes apart.

These ten minutes are not small for Longyuan Town!

no!

He had to hurry up and get back.

Having said that, he came all the way, and all the extreme yin fission variants are constantly extracting the essence of spirit flowers, so that his basic combat power has been quietly improving.

Today, his basic combat power has reached 4.32 million stars.

Before he knew it, he had increased his 20,000-star combat power.

This is quite a bit of progress!

And as soon as his combat strength increased, his flying speed accelerated, and the speed of rushing back to the stargate gradually shortened.

In other words, if his strength improved fast enough, he might be able to reach the Stargate in less than 40 minutes.

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body accelerated and flew while praying that his strength could be improved faster.

In this way, he flew all the way for 5 minutes at a high speed.

Look at Liudao Ancestor and the others, it is still 25 minutes away from the Star Clan station.

He is still 35 minutes away from the stargate reveal.

The two sides still seem to be separated by 10 minutes.

However, within these 5 minutes, the basic combat power of Jiyang Ontology has quietly increased by 10,000 stars, reaching 4.33 million stars.

His speed is also on the line!

This makes the anode body very satisfied!

Now, he continued on his way.

call out! call out! call out!

At this moment, white light suddenly flashed around!

One after another dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into the body of Jiyang body

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (heaven-level eight-fold peak), you get +15,000 attributes, +110 million energy points, and +2300 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the guardian (the eighth level of the sky), you get +11,000 attributes, +90 million energy points, and +1900 points. 】

[Your clone is integrated with the title deed card (star residence), and the number of your sites is increased to 60]

Jiyang's eyes lit up, and there were many surprises!

He knew that the three clones had captured the StarClan station.

A lot of feedback is coming!

His combat power is about to rise again! .

Chapter five hundred and forty-four fate choice! Windfall!

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy value, and points are all skyrocketing!

Star Clan more than 50,000 children, the three clones killed most of them.

This gave him more than 30,000 feedbacks.

In addition, the Moon Spirit clone integrated the land deed card, and built a teleportation array to guard the altar.

After some operations, Qin Feng got a lot of attribute rewards.

Since then, the territory of the Star Clan's old nest has been completely included in the sphere of influence of Long Yuan.

After a while, those backfeeding ended.

Jiyang Ontology quickly opened the panel to check the harvest of backfeeding.

[Free attribute]: 312,000 points

good! good!

With so many attribute points, he can increase his combat power by 6000 stars!

Thinking of this, the anode body is ready to add some points

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Detected, the number of sites you own has reached 60]

【congratulations! Break the 10,000-star combat power back, and unlock it successfully! 】Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Boom!

In the next second, the void vibrates!

One after another dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into the body of Jiyang body

[Reminder: Your servant Feng Qi has a battle strength of 10,000 stars, and you have received 2,000 attribute points as a reward]

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan Elder has a combat power of 10,000 stars, and you have received 2000 attribute points as a reward]

[Reminder: Your subordinate Liu Xuan's combat power has exceeded 10,000 stars, and you have received 2,000 attribute points as a reward]

Jiyang's eyes lit up, and there were many surprises!

At the moment, he couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the thrill of this leap!

After a while, all the attributes are fed back to the end.

Ji Yang's body also slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of satisfaction.

ended!

The harvest this time should be huge, right?

According to the upper limit of feeding back at 2,000 people, he should be able to get 4 million attribute points as a reward this time!

At this thought, Ji Yang's body felt a burst of heat.

Having said that, Longyuan Town destroyed Star Clan this time, and Longyuan's strength has greatly increased.

The combat power has exceeded 10,000 stars, and it has reached more than 6,000 people.

This can completely make his backfeeding reach the upper limit.

Thinking of this, the body of Jiyang looked at the panel that was not closed.

[Free attribute]: 6.312 million points.

boom!

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body was dumbfounded!

What? !

6.312 million attribute points? !

Isn't this just feeding back 6 million attributes!

What's the matter with 6 million?

Shouldn't it be 4 million?

The anode body is a bit covered!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: It is detected that you are a 'child of luck', and the maximum number of times you can feed back in the future will be automatically increased to 3,000 times! 】

After listening to this prompt, Ji Yang's body suddenly realized!

Immediately, he was overjoyed!

I didn't expect it!

It turns out that 'Child of Luck' has such great benefits!

It's so cool!

In this way, his strength will skyrocket again!

correct!

Now is the time!

He has to hurry back to the Blue Star Realm, he can't waste time.

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body did not dare to delay, and quickly added some to himself

After a while, he added 6.312 million attribute points.

His basic combat power soared to 4.456 million stars in one fell swoop, a whole increase of 126,000 stars.

Very satisfied with the anode body!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

【Congratulations to Longyuan Town! The number of sites has reached more than 60, and a hard condition for upgrading to level 10 Longyuan City has been completed. 】

[Reminder: Longyuan Town is still one hard condition away from the standard of level 10 Longyuan City. 】

[Hard condition: population of more than 20,000 people. 】

The anode body's eyes lit up involuntarily.

good! good!

This is good news!

Only when this thought came up, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: It is detected that you have completed the 10,000-star feedback; what you need to unlock next is the 50,000-star combat power feedback. 】

[Reminder: If a subordinate breaks 50,000-star combat power, you can get 10,000 attribute feedback, and the maximum number of feedback is 3,000. 】