Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Unlock condition 1: Longyuan Town is promoted to Longyuan City, and you gain the position of the city lord. 】

[Unlock condition 2: The number of sites has reached 100 or more. 】

The anode body shines again in both eyes!

The feedback of 50,000 stars is really powerful!

One person can feed back 10,000 attributes.

3000 people is 30 million attribute points, which is equivalent to 600,000 star combat power!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is hot!

However, if he wants to unlock the 50,000-star feedback, he needs to promote Longyuan Town to Longyuan City and own 100 sites.

It is not difficult to complete these two conditions.

As long as he destroys the Six Dao Clan, all the problems will be solved.

Without the obstruction of the Six Dao Clan, Longyuan Town can sweep the entire competition area, and it is only a matter of time before the site reaches more than 100.

As for the population, Longyuan Town is now more than 15,000 people, which is still more than 4,000 people away from the population of 20,000.

However, Qin Feng believes that there should be some Dragon Country compatriots and even cursed forces in the first competition area.

As long as Longyuan Town searches carefully, it should be able to gather the population!

However, the biggest problem Qin Feng is facing now is to kill the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

As for the search for compatriots and the expansion of the territory, that has to be postponed.

If the Six Dao Patriarchs are not eliminated, then these two things must be avoided!

correct!

Time is running out!

He wasted some time adding a little bit more, it's time to hurry back to the Blue Star Realm!

boom!

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body spreads its wings and flies towards the star gate!

As soon as he flew, he was surprised!

Ha ha!

His flight speed actually increased by 10%!

It's amazing!

Obviously, he just increased his 126,000-star combat power, which made his speed soar.

In this way, he will be able to rush back to Blue Star faster!

Boom!

Immediately, the body of Jiyang rushed towards the star gate at full speed.

In a blink of an eye, 3 minutes passed.

The combat power of Jiyang's body has quietly increased to 4.46 million stars.

His speed has increased by another line!

This is the result of the multi-polar Yin fission variant, the endless extraction of spirit flowers

Very satisfied with the anode body!

Just like this, the anode body is on its way at full speed.

The yin fission variant of the extremes is constantly extracting the essence of the spirit flower, making Qin Feng's strength increasing bit by bit

At the same moment, StarClan stationed in the sky.

The floating city hangs high!

The Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone are all stationed above the floating city.

Behind them, 15,000 Long Yuan disciples were all excited!

Just now, they destroyed StarClan and gained a lot of attributes.

At this moment, they have completed adding points, and their strength has risen sharply.

If the combat power exceeds 10,000 stars, there are more than 6,000 people.

As for the combat power breaking 50,000 stars, there are less than 100 people.

This is already pretty good!

If the combat power exceeds 50,000 stars, it means that the combat power reaches the eighth level of heaven.

Among them, Granny Feng Qi just reached the threshold of the peak of heaven.

Elder Qishan and Liu Xuan reached the pinnacle of the ninth level.

Fengying, Lei Jue, Longshan, Wu Yong and others also reached the middle stage of the Nine Stages.

In short, Long Yuan's overall strength has improved a lot.

However, after everyone was excited, they soon discovered that something was wrong.

Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan, Liu Xuan and other senior officials seemed to have discovered something and flew to the three avatars anxiously.

"Master, look at the map! The Six Dao Ancestor has led a thousand people to kill the Star Clan station!"

Granny Feng Qi was a little nervous.

She is still very afraid of the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

Qishan also said: "In addition to the six ancestors, there are also Daokong and Luo Tian. These two people are the existence of the peak of the demigod! Hey! No! Isn't Daokong dead?"

As soon as he said this, Qishan thought of the previous gambling.

It stands to reason that Daokong has been deducted 6 million star combat power, and he will die no more!

But on the map, there is a red light spot with the name of 'Dao Kong', and it is rushing towards the Star Clan station.

With this reminder from Qishan, all the high-level executives looked at the map and immediately discovered the existence of 'Daokong', each of them showing a look of astonishment.

The Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone had a calm expression on their faces.

They already found out!

"Boss, what's the situation? How is Daokong still alive? I remember that when the map was first announced, I deliberately looked for Daokong's name, but I didn't find his existence."

"At that time, I told everyone the news. We all thought he was dead, and we were happy for a while! Unexpectedly, he came back to life, it's really weird!"

Liu Xuan was stunned!

Yueling's clone took a deep breath: "This may be the method of the six ancestors! That guy used to be the Supreme Judge of Judgment. It is estimated that he mastered the method of reincarnation and resurrected Dao Kong."

"However, even if he can resurrect Dao Kong, he will have to pay a large price. How can the punishment of the Dao of Heaven be underestimated? 1"

Just through some details, the Moon Spirit clone guessed the truth.

Liu Xuan was surprised: "Hey! The judge is so powerful! So, wouldn't the subordinates of the Sixth Dao Patriarch not be killed?"

Yueling clone shook his head: "The seal of reincarnation can only be used on messengers, others cannot. It can be seen that Daokong is also one of the messengers of the six ancestors. If you want to kill Daokong, you have to kill the six ancestors first. Row."

Liu Xuan breathed a sigh of relief: "That's okay! In this way, I have hope and hope to win against those ordinary Sixth Dao disciples."

Yueling's clone took a deep breath: "Judging from the incident of Daokong's resurrection, we will be in big trouble!"

Liu Xuan was startled: "Boss, what's the big trouble?"

Yueling clone said: "Six Dao Ancestor can resurrect Dao Kong, he should have mastered the seal of reincarnation. Since he has mastered the seal of reincarnation, he can master the 'faith sacrifice'. He used to be the Supreme Judge, then his subordinates have There are ten envoys!"

"Ten messengers! All of them will give him back his combat power. Then his strength will far exceed our previous assessment."

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi and other high-level officials changed their expressions!

Liu Xuan panicked: "Boss, according to what you said, Dao Kong is his messenger, so his messenger should be very strong. Maybe, the peak state of the six ancestors can reach the peak of False God?!"

Yueling clone nodded slightly: "It's very possible!"

boom!

As soon as these words fell, the faces of Liu Xuan and others became even more ugly.

The pinnacle of false gods!

How could they possibly handle it?

Liu Xuan smiled bitterly: "Boss, if you say that, then we are not the opponents of the Sixth Dao Patriarch!"

Granny Feng Qi also said: "Master, if your speculation is correct. In the face of the attack of the Six Dao Patriarch, the terror can only be resisted by your own body."

Qishan panicked: "Master, from the map, when your body rushes back to the Blue Star Realm, the Sixth Dao Patriarch and others will have already arrived at this Star Clan's station. Since I am not an opponent, should we retreat first and take refuge for the time being? The sharpness of the six ancestors?"

Granny Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Master, I think this is a good idea! Let's avoid the edge for a while and try to delay the time as much as possible. When you come back and deal with the Six Dao Patriarch, you should be able to withstand it!"

The Yueling clone shook his head: "No! If I give up the Star Clan station, then Longyuan Town will have one less site. Before, the 10,000-star level that my body obtained was unlocked, and I am afraid that it will be taken back by the Heavenly Dao, so it will not be worth the loss. It's gone!"

"Yes! The old man almost forgot about this!"

Granny Feng Qi suddenly realized.

Liu Xuan took a deep breath: "It seems that we have to hold on to this place until the boss is back."

Qishan nodded: "That can only be the case!"

Yueling's clone smiled faintly: "You don't have to be nervous! Even if my main body doesn't come back in time, the Six Dao Ancestors may not be able to do anything to us."

All the way through these words, Liu Xuan and others were all puzzled.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

According to the previous speculation of the boss, the ancestors of the Six Paths may have reached the peak of the False God in combat power under the sacrifice of the ten envoys!

I'm afraid that the three major avatars of the boss will join forces, so it can't be resisted, right?

Why did the Moon Spirit clone say that?

Looking at the tone of Yueling's avatar, he was a little calm and didn't seem too nervous.

Liu Xuan and the others were a little confused.

Yueling's clone saw everyone's expressions in his eyes, but the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, and he smiled without saying a word.

Some things he didn't say!

The basic combat power of his body has reached 4.46 million stars, plus the power of 1.2 million stars, that is 5.66 million stars.

As a clone, his combat power is 80% of the main body, which is about 4.52 million stars.

This just reached the threshold of the peak of the False God!

False God's peak combat power range is 4.5 million to 7 million stars.

With such strength, why is he afraid of the Six Dao Patriarch?

What's more, he also has the low-grade artifact Jue Xing Sword, as well as the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone to help.

The three avatars join forces, and they can definitely resist the attack of the six ancestors.

However, the result that the main body wants is to kill the Sixth Dao Patriarch, not to repel the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

Killing is more than ten times harder than knocking back!

That requires an absolute advantage!

"Master, what shall we do next?"

Granny Feng Qi asked in a low voice again.

"Wait! When they are within a hundred miles, the deity will take the initiative to fight!"

The Moon Spirit clone smiled meaningfully.

Granny Feng Qi's eyes lit up, showing a sudden look.

right!

The Yueling clone also has a 'floating air order', which can be used to unify the human city, but it cannot leave the floating city for a hundred miles.

When the six ancestors approached Baili, it was the scope of the Yueling clone to display the unity of human and city.

At the moment, everyone in Longyuan looked at the direction where everyone from the Six Paths was, and waited for the coming of a strong enemy.