Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Only 3.6 is the three major clones, and he also underestimated the strength of the six ancestors.

Yueling divided his mind and body and estimated that even if the Sixth Dao Patriarch had ten envoys to sacrifice, he would have just reached the level of the peak of the False God.

In fact, the Sixth Dao Patriarch was much stronger than he expected.

If the ten envoys are sacrificed again, the comprehensive combat power can reach more than 6 million stars.

What's more, the ancestors of the Six Paths also mastered the SSS-level Six Paths Reincarnation Law.

It is not easy to kill such an existence!

Even a False God ultimate powerhouse with a combat power of 7 million stars would not necessarily be able to kill him.

Not to mention Qin Feng? !

However, Qin Feng knew very well.

If this battle can't kill Liudao Patriarch and let Liudao Patriarch escape, it will be difficult to kill Liudao Patriarch in the future.

If the Six Dao Patriarch does not die, his S-rank mission will fail.

It is impossible for Longyuan Town to become a force to control the sky!

So, this battle is very important!

The Sixth Dao Patriarch must die!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, the Six Dao Patriarch and his group were only 5 minutes away from the Star Clan station.

Long Yuan is extremely nervous!

At this moment, everyone is floating in the air, waiting for everyone, but they are a little uneasy in their hearts.

At the same time, in the starry sky.

Ji Yang's body is full of joy!

At this point, he was only 10 minutes away from the star gate.

The time difference between him and Liudao Ancestor and others has been compressed to only 5 minutes left.

It turned out that after coming all the way, the Zhongji Yin Fission variant extracted a large amount of spirit flower essence, which made his combat power unconsciously increase to 4.49 million stars.

What's even better is that the fourteen nine-turn divine body pills will be refined by the extreme Yin fission variant.

His strength is about to skyrocket!

"There's only 5 minutes left! Even if there is an accident that I didn't expect, the three clones should be able to last for 5 minutes, right?"

Jiyang body muttered in his heart, and continued to accelerate towards the star gate.

Chapter Five Hundred and Forty-fifth Strength Rising! Spirit Egg Evolution!

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm.

Ancestors of the Six Paths and his party are heading towards Longyuan Town in a mighty manner.

At this moment, they have already flown over a mountain range.

"Ancestor, in 5 minutes, we will be able to arrive at the StarClan station!"

Behind Liudao Patriarch, Daoyan looked excited.

He was a little impatient.

As long as Qin Feng and Longyuan Town are eliminated, there will be no obstacles for their Six Dao Clan to become the Heaven-suppressing forces.

What's more, killing the challengers will allow them to get a lot of rewards, and he is naturally looking forward to it.

"Yeah! It's almost there!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch is also looking forward to it.

Luo Tian reminded: "Master, look at Qin Feng's position, his speed seems to be getting faster and faster. At his current speed, he will be able to reach the Blue Star Realm in about ten minutes. Hurry up!"

With this reminder, Liudao Ancestor and others looked at the map one after another.

"Hey! Really! Strange! Why is this kid getting faster and faster?"

Dao Yan looked puzzled.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch also frowned slightly.

Qin Feng's speed has become faster, which is indeed a puzzling thing.

Luo Tian muttered: "Master, could it be that Qin Feng's strength is constantly improving while he is on his way, so the speed is getting faster and faster?"

As soon as these words fell, Dao Yan sneered.

"Brother Luo Tian, ​​what you said is illogical! Then Qin Feng is on his way, how can he improve his strength? It is estimated that he has learned some flying skills to speed up!"

Luo Tian nodded slightly: "That makes sense!"

Old Ancestor Liudao didn't take it seriously and said, "Don't pay attention to Qin Feng's little thief! Even if he arrives at the Blue Star Realm in time, it will take another hour or two to get from the Stargate to the StarClan station. He doesn't have time to save his subordinates. "T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Daoyan smiled and said: "The ancestor is right! It is also a pleasant thing for us to destroy Longyuan Town before Qin Feng arrives!"

Luo Tian was puzzled: "Master, it stands to reason that Long Yuanzhen and others should be able to see that we are approaching them quickly. Why didn't Long Yuan's children run away in fright? Instead, they stayed where they were, as if they were waiting for us!"

Daoyan smiled and said: "That's because they don't know yet that our clan still has ancestors. They may think that the strongest of our clan is Daokong Clan Chief 04. When the ancestors arrive, they will be surprised!"

Luo Tian also smiled proudly: "Yeah! When the master arrives, he will definitely kill them all without leaving behind!"

Daoyan and Luo Tian both said self-righteously.

In fact, Long Yuan has long known about the existence of the six ancestors.

"Let's go! The old man wants to destroy his Longyuan Town before Qin Feng rushes to the Blue Star Realm!"

As soon as the voice fell, the six ancestors rushed to the Star Clan station.

Dao Yan and others also accelerated

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, the group of Six Dao Ancestors was only a minute away from the Star Clan station.

At this moment, they saw the floating city from a distance!

Daoyan and Luo Tian were both shocked!

Even Dao Kong behind the two was shocked!

"Brother Luo Tian, ​​isn't that the old nest of the Escape Clan - Floating Void City?"

Dao Yan almost thought he was dazzled.

Luo Tian swallowed his saliva and said, "That's right! It's indeed the old nest of the Dun Kong clan! Strange, how could the floating city of the empty clan appear here? Could it be that the floating city of the empty clan was robbed by Longyuan Town? "

Daoyan was surprised: "No way? The Dunkong Clan is not weak! Qin Feng is not in Longyuan Town, can they also destroy the Dunkong Clan?"

Daokong interjected: "Daoyan, you can't underestimate Longyuan Town now. No wonder the Dunkong Clan missed the appointment before, it is estimated that Longyuan Town has made a ghost. By the way, the Xinggu Clan and Wanling Clan have lost their lives. There's no news, maybe it's all caused by Longyuan Town!"

As soon as these words fell, Luo Tian and Dao Yan changed their expressions!

The ancestor of Liudao frowned slightly: "If this is the case, then the gods of the eight clans may all be in the hands of Longyuan Town. That's good, the old man wiped out Longyuan in one battle, and got all the eight gods in his hands. , and save some trouble!"

Speaking of this, the Sixth Dao Patriarch got a little excited.

Before, he thought that after Qin Feng and Longyuan Town were destroyed, he would have to investigate the reason for the loss of contact with the other eight clans.

Now it seems that the loss of contact with the eight clans has a lot to do with Longyuan Town!

He may kill two birds with one stone by destroying Longyuan Town!

This saves him a lot of trouble, which is indeed a good thing!

Thinking of this, he accelerated to fly to the floating city.

Dao Yan and others followed.

At this moment, they are only tens of thousands of miles away from the floating city, and they can see each other from a distance.

For them, it's a minute away

At the same time, above the starry sky.

The location of the polar body from the star gate is only 5 minutes away.

The time difference between him and Liudao Ancestor and others was shortened to 4 minutes again.

At the same time, his basic combat power has also risen to 4.5 million stars unknowingly.

However, the very negative body has stopped extracting spirit flowers.

It turns out that Qin Feng has harvested many spiritual flowers, but there are only more than a thousand kinds.

Each kind of spirit flower essence is extracted about five times, and then extracted and absorbed, there is no effect.

If you want to use it to refine it, you can only use it for alchemy!

During this period of time, the very yin body had already extracted all the spiritual flowers to the full, and had to give up the extraction.

In fact, only about 3% of Qin Feng's spirit flowers were digested, and 97% of the spirit flowers were not digested.

After all, he has obtained hundreds of each kind of spiritual flower, and naturally there are still many left.

Although it is useless for him to extract the essence now, those spirit flowers are a very good choice for a lot of alchemy.

Moreover, the refined medicinal herbs can not only be taken by Qin Feng, but also by Long Yuan.

Qin Feng is worrying about how to increase the combat power of more children to break 50,000 stars.

He has to make some preparations in advance for the feedback of breaking 50,000 stars.

Now it seems that it is a good channel to let the townspeople take medicine pills

"Hey! This is..."

At this time, Ji Yang's body suddenly saw that on the map, Six Dao Patriarch and others were quickly approaching the floating city.

Looking at the time distance, it was less than 1 minute.

The situation is urgent!

He was anxious!

Boom!

At this moment, a rumbling sound suddenly came from his body.

Immediately afterwards, his momentum began to skyrocket wildly!

Extremely positive body rejoice!

He sensed that the extreme yin body had refined all fourteen nine-turn illusory pills.

However, Ji Yang's body did not dare to delay time, and continued to fly to the star gate with all his strength.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

The fourteen extremely yin fissure variants all opened their eyes with joy.

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, white light flashes!

The fission bodies merged into one!

Extreme Yin itself manifests itself!

Afterwards, he quickly checked the combat power, and showed a satisfied smile.

His basic combat power has reached 4.71 million stars!

Jiuzhuan Divine Body Pill!

Very powerful!

This is not far from the 5 million star threshold of the Sky Surveyor.

Don't think so much anymore, he should go out to join Jiyang's body and prepare to fight.

hum!