Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Just when this thought came to mind, there was a wave of mental fluctuations in the room next door.

"That's the little guy awake!"

The eyes of the extremely negative body lit up.

The next second, he teleported and appeared in the next room.

As soon as he entered the room, there were two spirit eggs in front of him.

A whole body blue, is a sentence mangling egg.

A black body with a star pattern mixed with it is the Dijiang Spirit Egg.

At this moment, Jumangling Egg was shining with spiritual light, constantly exuding mental fluctuations to him, expressing the need for blood essence.

The very yin body smiled, secretly thinking that it had been a long time, and he hadn't fed the blood essence to the little guy.

Calculate the time, this little guy is close to hatching, and it's fast!

Thinking of this, the very yin body stepped forward, broke his fingers and blood clotted, dripping to the Jumangling egg

pat!

A soft sound!

The fragrant blood essence dripped on the blue eggshell.

Silk! Silk! Silk!

In the next second, the sound of absorbing blood essence came from the eggshell

I saw that drop of blood essence was completely absorbed by the Jumang Spirit Egg at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The body of the extreme yin let out a long sigh of relief, secretly thinking that after feeding the essence and blood, he should also go out.

click! click! click!

But at this moment, there was a soft sound on the eggshell!

The very yin body was startled, and he looked down quickly, and saw that the shell of the spirit egg was shining brightly, and a new innate divine pattern was born on it.

The momentum of the sentence mangling egg is soaring all the way

At the same moment, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: After your pet 'Jumang Spirit Egg' absorbed the blood essence, it has evolved, and has been promoted from the level of 'Lower God Rank' to the level of 'Lower God Rank Peak'. 】

The very negative body was stunned!

Why did you upgrade again?

This change surprised him!

Immediately, a flash of light flashed in his mind, and he wanted to understand something.

It turned out that when he completed the process of joining the Dao, his whole body was strengthened by Zijin divine power.

Cells, blood, hair, bones, and more!

During this strengthening process, the quality of his blood has been raised to a new level.

At this time, it was the first time that he used essence and blood to feed spirit eggs after he was promoted to the realm of heaven.

After that mangling egg was absorbed, it evolved smoothly!

good! good!

After this mangling egg evolved to the peak of the low-grade **** rank, it was on the same level as the emperor's spirit egg.

In the future, as long as Jumang reaches the maturity stage, he will be able to reach the peak strength of the False God.

With this thought, the very yin body is looking forward to it!

Woo! Woo! Woo!

At this moment, the troll egg sent out an excited mental vibration, expressing a cheerful mood to the extreme yin body.

The very yin body also smiled happily.

Then, his eyes fell on the Dijiang Spirit Egg beside him.

At this moment, the Dijiang Spirit Egg is only lit with a faint aura.

Obviously the little guy is still sleeping.

By the way, his current blood essence can make the Jumang Spirit Egg evolve.

I wonder if I can let Dijiang Spirit Egg evolve?

If the Dijiang Spirit Egg evolves again, it will be a mid-grade God Rank Spirit Egg.

And the middle grade **** rank corresponds to the true **** realm!

With this thought, the very negative body's eyes lit up, and I really wanted to do an experiment.

However, the Dijiang Spirit Egg was still sleeping, not reaching the time when blood essence was needed.

This experiment can only be put on hold!

Thinking of this, after the very yin body comforted the sentence mangling egg, it dodged and disappeared into the room.

In the next second, he appeared beside Ji Yang's body.

Afterwards, the two main bodies became one!

Qin Feng appeared!

After doing these trivial things, Qin Feng rushed to the star gate again

This time, his strength has soared, and his flight speed has increased by 10%.

At the same time, Lingtian Temple, in Lingxiao 633 Pavilion.

At the exit of the assessment, there are still many players watching.

In the crowd, the Mirage clone was waiting anxiously.

Counting the time, his body is about to reach the star gate, and there is still no news from Feng Xi's three daughters.

This made him anxious!

Without the sacrifice of the battle strength of the three women, his body strength will not reach the peak state, which is not good for killing the ancestors of the Six Paths!

On the other side, the Sixth Dao Ancestor and the others are about to kill the floating city!

War is imminent!

How could this make him not anxious?

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, the Mirage clone seemed to sense something, opened the Tiandao light screen, and entered the trading channel.

After a while, he took out a note from the trading channel, with a lot of neat and beautiful words written on it.

When he read the contents of the note, he showed joy.

It turned out that the note was traded by Feng Xi.

After entering the assessment area, the contact with the outside world is cut off.

Qin Feng couldn't contact Fengxi's three daughters.

However, the trading channel of the Tiandao screen can still be used.

The phantom avatar thought of it, and passed the information through the transaction note.

Therefore, he traded notes for Feng Xi's three daughters.

Now, Feng Xi is the first to reply to the message.

According to the contents of the note, Feng Xi has just passed the first-class gods and will accept the ceremony in a while.

After reading this, the Mirage clone breathed a sigh of relief.

Finally, there was a messenger under his command, who passed the first-class gods and did not let him down.

Next, we will see the performance of Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue.

However, he had to start his own plan.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone quickly wrote a note, traded it to Feng Xi again, and arranged a new task for her.

After Feng Xi received it, she quickly replied with a note, promising to complete the task.

After watching the Mirage clone, he breathed a sigh of relief.

Afterwards, he turned around and hurried towards the exit of Lingxiao Pavilion.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, above the floating city.

Everyone in Long Yuan stared nervously ahead!

I saw that thousands of miles ahead, the Sixth Dao Patriarch and others were flying with murderous aura!

"Master, the Sixth Dao Patriarch and others are coming!"

Granny Feng Qi clenched the crutches in her hands, looking a little nervous.

"Well! I'll go meet them first! Please stay in the protective mask, don't rush in!"

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, Yueling's clone flew out of the floating city and directly greeted the group of the six ancestors.

The Ice Spirit clone and the Wood Spirit clone are also close behind.

PS: Dear readers, the small author wants to hit the monthly ticket list, and I have the audacity to ask you for a monthly ticket. Thank you very much!

Chapter Five Hundred and Fortieth Chapter Hidden! Ten times the task reward!

The ancestors of the Six Paths saw the three avatars immediately, and they came directly to them.

"Old Ancestor, the other party actually took the initiative to fly three people here! The courage is really not small!"

Daoyan sneered.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch also smiled coldly: "Daoyan, Luo Tian, ​​let's take a look first!"

"Yes!"

As soon as the voice fell, the Sixth Dao Patriarch stepped out, separated from the crowd, and greeted the three avatars directly.

Daoyan and Luo Tian followed closely.

Daokong and Luofu led a thousand people and continued on their way.

Their speed naturally couldn't keep up with the three ancestors of Liudao.

After all, among this crowd, there are still hundreds of people at the eighth level of heaven, and the speed is not fast.

Among these crowds, there are also nine puppet corpses from the early stage of demigods, waiting for an opportunity to move.

In this way, the three ancestors of the Six Paths and the three clones are rapidly approaching!

The atmosphere on both sides was instantly tense!

"Brother Daokong, do you think the three people sent by Longyuan Town are experts?"

At this moment, Luo Fu, who was beside Daokong, couldn't help but muttered.

Dao Kong looked forward with a gloomy face.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He hates Qin Feng, and naturally he also hates Longyuan Town!

As the saying goes: Love the house and Wu, hate the house and Wu!

He can't wait for everyone in Longyuan to die soon!

At the moment, he said coldly: "Humph! Besides Qin Feng, what kind of masters are there in Longyuan Town? It's just three cannon fodders! Just wait and see, my ancestor raised his hand and killed those three people in a while. , to kill the chickens and monkeys for the children of Long Yuan!"

After these words fell, the Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone stopped one after another, and did not leave the hundred miles of the floating city.

After more than a hundred miles, the Moon Spirit clone can't use the Floating Order and cast the "Unity of Human and City".

Seeing this scene, Dao Kong was even more disdainful.