Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Did you see it? The three guys from Long Yuan should only be exploring the way. They don't even have the courage to approach my ancestors!"

Daokong is contemptuous!

Luo Fu also showed a disdainful smile.

He also believes that the three avatars are timid.

"Let's go! Let's rush over too! Maybe we can see a good show!"

The corners of Daokong's mouth were slightly raised, revealing a hint of gloating.

He wanted to see how the three avatars died!

Rover thinks the same way.

At the moment, the two of them brought a thousand people and rushed over quickly.

On the other side, the three of the six ancestors saw the three avatars stop, and couldn't help but smiled at each other, feeling proud.

"Ancestor, those three guys stopped! I guess they're scared!"

Daoyan muttered.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch smiled coldly: "It doesn't matter what the three of them think, when they get close, the old man slams them with a palm. Let's see how much this Long Yuan disciple has."

Daoyan smiled and said, "Ancestor, why do you need to take action in order to kill these three people? I'll take action in a while, and let you see the strength of Long Yuan's children. I'm afraid none of the three of them can withstand my slap!"

Luo Tian also said: "That's right! Master, with your noble status, you don't need to take action at all. To deal with those three unknown soldiers, Daoyan and I can take action. Only when Qin Feng appears, you need to take action! "

Ancestor Liudao smiled slightly: "It's okay! Let's talk when we get closer!"

At the moment, the three of them accelerated towards the three clones.

In the blink of an eye, the distance between the two sides was only dozens of miles.

The atmosphere in the field became more tense.

Above the floating city, everyone in Long Yuan became nervous.

There is constant discussion in the field!

"Brothers, the old ancestor Liudao is about to come into contact with the avatar of the boss. You said, can the three avatars of the boss join forces to resist the old ancestor Liudao?"

"It's hard to say! We don't know what the strength of the boss's clone is!"

"Yeah! In the previous battle of the Star Destroyer, it was impossible to see the strength of the boss's clone. Only in this battle can we see it clearly. To be honest, I'm really worried that the boss's clone won't be able to hold it!"

"I'm so worried too! I think the avatar of the boss should have the strength of the initial threshold of False God, right?"

"It's hard to say! Even if the three of them have such strength, they are not the opponents of the Six Dao ancestors when they join forces. Listening to the meaning of the boss before the clone, the strength of the Six Dao ancestors may reach the peak of the False God!"

"The pinnacle of false gods?! My God! Then this is a big trouble!"

"Yeah! If the Sixth Dao Ancestor really has the strength of the peak of the False God, the three avatars are definitely not opponents."

"We don't expect the three clones to defeat the six ancestors, we only hope that they can hold on for three or four minutes. Look at the map, the boss will soon arrive at the star gate."

"Hey! It's true! It's strange, the boss's speed seems to be getting faster and faster!"

"Yes! I don't know how the boss did it? He always surprises everyone!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng coming back, they all showed joy.

At this moment, someone in the crowd exclaimed.

"Look! Old Ancestor Six Paths and the three clones are about to meet!"

At this reminder, everyone looked up.

I saw dozens of miles away, the three three clones and the six ancestors, only three thousand feet apart, and they could see each other clearly.

In addition, Daokong and Luo Fu also followed with a thousand people.

They are only one or two hundred miles away from the three clones.

"My God! It's so close!"

"It is estimated that we will start soon!"

"Don't talk! Don't talk! I'm so nervous!"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan held their breaths and looked forward nervously.

Every palm is sweating!

At the same time, the three ancestors of the Six Paths were only a thousand feet apart from the three Yueling clones.

The breath of both sides can be clearly sensed.

"Haha! It's just three heavenly realms!"

At this time, Dao Yan saw clearly the realm of the three Yueling clones, and his eyes were full of disdain.

Ancestor Six Paths also raised the corners of his mouth, and he couldn't look at him at all.

But Luo Tian, ​​who was beside him, widened his eyes in astonishment.

"Master, the situation is a little weird!"

Then, he couldn't help but muttered to the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

"What's so weird?" The Sixth Dao Patriarch was puzzled.

Luo Tian took a deep breath: "Master, these three look exactly the same as Qin Feng! I don't know what is the relationship with Qin Feng?"

Among the three of them, Luo Tian saw Qin Feng with his own eyes.

The ancestor of Liudao frowned: "Look at the light spot on the map, Qin Feng is outside the starry sky. The names of these three people are: Yueling, Muling, Bingling. Are the three of them Qin Feng's younger brother?"

Daoyan smiled slightly: "Ancestor, I guess the three of them are Qin Feng's younger brothers, so they look a bit alike. However, just because they look alike doesn't mean they have Qin Feng's strength."Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ancestor Liudao nodded: "It makes sense! However, we can't take it lightly!"

Daoyan said with a smile: "Old Ancestor, let's do this, we'll get closer after a while. Luo Tian and I each choose one person and go all out to fight for an instant kill. If we do our best, even if the two of them have the threshold of a demigod. The strength of this, even if you don't die, you have to be hit hard."

Ancestor Liudao's eyes lit up: "Alright!"

Until this moment, the Sixth Dao Patriarch was still holding the air of being an expert outside the world.

There is a mentality that if you can't do it yourself, you won't do it yourself.

Daoyan was overjoyed when he saw the ancestor's promise.

He did this because he wanted to perform well in front of his ancestors and make a contribution.

Immediately, he said to Luo Tian, ​​"Brother Luo Tian, ​​I'll kill that wood spirit in a while, how about you kill that ice spirit?"

Luo Tian smiled slightly: "No problem! As long as it's not Qin Feng, killing these three people is not easy!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of them accelerated and approached the three clones.

At the same time, the three avatars also stared closely at the six ancestors.

Of course, the focus of the three avatars is only the Sixth Dao Ancestor.

As for Luo Tian and Daoyan, they didn't take it seriously at all.

At this time, the two sides are only a thousand feet away, and they are about to reach the distance where they can do it.

At this moment, the eyes of Yueling's avatar lit up with a faint silver light, and the eyes of the peeping path detected the ancestors of the six paths.

【Human】：Hidden

[Boundary]: Mid-stage False God

[Level]: Level 90

【talent】:? ? ?

[Origin]: The founder of the Six Dao Clan, the mysterious force, who judged the betrayal of God's Domain.

[Reminder]: Because of his betrayal of Judgment God's Domain, his vocation skills have been cursed, and their power has been greatly reduced.

[Reminder]: Because he is a betrayer of Judgment God's Domain, if you kill him, you can get a lot of Judgment Points.

[Reminder]: Because it has ten messengers, its comprehensive combat power has reached the peak of False God, and the target is extremely dangerous, please be vigilant!

Seeing this, Yueling's clone was a little surprised.

It is not surprising that he already knew a thing or two about the origin of the Six Dao Patriarch.

It's just the name of the ancestor of the Six Paths, not the hider, but the hider.

So what is a hider?

Just as the Yueling clone had this idea, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Hidden: Hidden in all corners of the world, those who have survived several sessions of hegemony and are not destroyed, and whose realm reaches the False God realm or above, are automatically promoted to 'Hidden'. 】

[Reminder: If the challenger kills the hider, he will get richer points, energy value, attribute point rewards, and prestige rewards]

what!

There are also prestige rewards!

Yueling clone's eyes lit up!

To be promoted to Sky Surveyor, his main body needs to reach 6000 reputation points.

At present, the reputation of the main body is 5520 points, which is still 480 points.

I don't know how much prestige can I get by killing the Sixth Dao Patriarch?

This thought only came up, and Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: Detect the task of S-level god-level village, and there has been a hider of the peak strength of False God. The difficulty of the task has been increased tenfold, and it will be automatically promoted to the S-level peak level task]

[Task reminder: The rewards for this task will also be issued in accordance with the S-level peak level task standards. 】

[Task reminder: The time limit of the task remains unchanged, and it can be completed within five days, and the reward can be doubled! 】

boom!

As soon as this reminder came out, Long Yuan exclaimed from top to bottom!

It turned out that as soon as the Moon Spirit clone found out the identity of the six ancestors, the task information was automatically changed!

Everyone in Long Yuan panicked!

Before, Yueling's clone guessed that the Sixth Dao Ancestor might have the peak strength of False God.

But that's just speculation, and only a few high-level people know about it.

Those high-level executives still had a bit of luck in their hearts, thinking that the Moon Spirit clone could be wrong.

Right now, as soon as the Heavenly Dao is announced, the strength of the Sixth Dao Patriarch is confirmed!

Everyone in Longyuan panicked!

OMG!

The Sixth Dao Ancestor is really the peak strength of the False God!

This is not good!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the three ancestors of the Six Paths and the three avatars have been completely drawn together!

The distance between the two sides is no more than a hundred meters!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

Swish! Swish!

Only then did they approach, without saying a word, Daoyan and Luo Tian suddenly shot!

Dao Yan killed the Mu Ling clone!

Luo Tian killed the Bing Ling clone!

"not good!"

Long Yuan exclaimed from top to bottom!

This sudden move is like a sneak attack!

At the same moment, the Sixth Dao Patriarch watched Dao Yan and the two make a move, showing a disdainful smile, posing an aloof demeanor!

Swish! Swish!