Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In just an instant, Daoyan and Luo Tian came to the front!

"Little thief! Die!"

boom!

As soon as he got close, Daoyan punched with all his strength and slammed into the wood spirit clone.

At that moment, the aura of battle power in the middle stage of the demigod radiated from him, earth-shattering!

click! click! click 1

That punch goes!

The fist lit up with a dazzling golden light, like pouring gold, exuding monstrous divine might!

Wherever the fist light passed, the space was shattered inch by inch, the power was unstoppable, and it was frightening!

Everyone in Long Yuan's eyes widened, and they couldn't help worrying about Mu Ling's clone!

At the same moment, Luo Tian also slashed with all his strength and slashed towards the Bing Ling clone!

Obviously, he is more cautious than Dao Yan!

The weapon was used as soon as it was shot, and it was a blow with all its strength!

At that moment, the momentum of his peak demigod burst out, much stronger than Daoyan!

The ice spirit in front of him looks so much like Qin Feng, he dare not be careless!

Seeing, the attack of the two is about to fall!

The hearts of everyone in Long Yuan are in their throats!

On the other hand, a hundred miles away, the children of the Six Dao clan saw this scene, but they all looked relaxed, as if they believed that both the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone were dead!

Even the ancestors of Liudao showed the look of watching a good show!

At this moment, the two clones shot at the same time!

Swish!

A cold light flashed in the hands of the wood spirit clone!

The low-grade Divine Sword - Killing Star Sword, lit up with a sword light of ten thousand feet, and greeted Dao Yan's punch!

Swish!

The low-grade Divine Sword of Bing Ling's clone, the Star Trapped Sword, also lit up with a sword light, facing Luo Tian's sword!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Click!

Only a crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The wood spirit clone split Daoyan in half with just one sword!

The corpse rolled and fell in the air!

when!

On the other side, the Bing Ling clone severed Luo Tian's long sword with a single sword, and smashed it to the point where he vomited blood and flew out!

boom!

This scene immediately made the audience dumbfounded!

Everyone in the Six Paths has a big mouth!

No way? !

Only three heavenly disciples came out of Longyuan Town, and they hacked them to death and wounded!

The Sixth Dao Patriarch was also stunned!

"Hey! It's not dead? Loose!"

When the Bing Ling clone saw Luo Tian was still alive, his figure flashed, and he chased after him!

"stop!"

In the field, the earth-shattering roar of the ancestors of the Six Paths resounded!

Swish!

In the next second, he rushed towards the Bing Ling clone.

He wants to stop the Bing Ling clone from killing Luo Tian!

Swish!

But at this moment, Yueling clone also slaughtered at him.

Chapter five hundred and forty-seven a sword blows flying! Shocked the audience!

call out!

With a flash of white light, the Yueling clone teleported and arrived in front of the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch couldn't help but be stunned!

It's the law of space!

This is the ability he does not have!

Swish!

Before he could think about it, the Moon Spirit clone slashed towards him with a sword!

hum!

The next second, the low-grade Divine Sword Jue Xing Sword lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The power of many laws is superimposed on the Divine Sword!

The power of that sword is astonishing, making the world tremble!

hum!

At the same moment, the floating city dozens of miles away also trembled slightly and lit up!

And the momentum emitted by the moon spirit clone is obviously stronger than that of the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone!

That's because he has already displayed the unity of man and city!

In order to deal with the Six Dao Patriarch, he naturally has to go all out!

"Damn!"

Faced with the obstruction of Yueling's avatar, the Sixth Dao Patriarch was furious and at the same time disdainful in his heart!

However, he has no time to dwell on it!

He wants to save Luo Tian!

"roll!"

Immediately, he roared and punched the Moon Spirit clone with a punch!

boom!

With that punch, the world cracked open!

In a radius of a hundred miles, the world trembled, and the momentum destroyed the world!

In the blink of an eye, fists and swords collided!

boom!

An earth-shattering bang!

A huge space black hole exploded in the center of the battle!

In the next second, the Sixth Dao Patriarch groaned and was blasted away by a sword!

boom!

The whole show shook!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

Even everyone in Long Yuan was stunned!

No way?

The ancestor of the Six Paths, who claimed to have the peak strength of the False God, was blasted away by a clone of the boss!

A hundred miles away, Daokong and the others also lost their eyeballs!

They thought that the ancestors could kill the moon spirit clone with one punch, but they didn't expect to be blasted away by the moon spirit clone instead?

What the **** is going on here? !

Naturally, these people don't know that Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 4.7 million stars, plus the power of 1.2 million stars.

That is 5.9 million star combat power!

According to the combat power of the clone, which is 80% of the main body, the combat power of the Moon Spirit clone reaches about 4.72 million stars.

In addition to the combination of Jue Xing Sword and Human City, its comprehensive combat power has suddenly reached 5.12 million stars, and it has entered the peak level of 967 False Gods, which is extremely terrifying!

No one expected this!

Everyone was dumbfounded, and they all seemed to be frozen!

This completely overturned everyone's imagination!

Of course, with the strength of the Moon Spirit clone, it is impossible to kill the Sixth Dao Ancestor.

The two sides are not very different!

What's more, the Sixth Dao Patriarch has not yet entered the peak state!

Click!

what!

Just when the audience was shocked, there was another shrill scream!

Everyone was startled, they looked around quickly, and saw that the Bing Ling clone had split Ye Luo Tian into two halves!

The six people were dumbfounded again!

This is the beginning!

Two of them died here!

Even the ancestors were blasted away!

Boom!

The Six Dao Patriarch rolled tens of thousands of feet in the air before he stabilized his body.

At this moment, he slowly raised his head and looked at Yueling's clone in shock.

He never thought that in addition to Qin Feng, Longyuan Town actually had three such powerful characters.

It's just that he can't figure it out, the other three are clearly at the realm of heaven!

How can the three of them exert the peak combat power of the False God?

Of course, the combat power of the Wood Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone can only be regarded as the threshold of the peak of the False God.

The Moon Spirit clone is slightly stronger!

"I didn't think so! The three of you are so strong! The old man underestimated you!"

Old Ancestor Six Dao's voice was a little dry.

Then, he looked down at his fist, there was a sword wound deep in the bone, and blood was flowing!

What is even more terrifying is that the sword wound is filled with the power of the law of death, which is constantly eroding his body.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch smiled coldly!