In the next second, his wound recovered completely at a speed visible to the naked eye, leaving no trace of scars.

Even the power of the law of death was wiped out by him!

The law of death!

He has also mastered it, and he is not afraid at all!

Not only that, he also mastered the law of life!

After all, he is the Supreme Judge of the past, and he can share his feelings and master a large number of S-level laws.

Therefore, his strength is also crushing the same level!

In the next second, the Sixth Dao Patriarch picked up another seal.

hum! hum!

Suddenly, the sky is shaking!

Countless blood-colored light spots appeared behind him!

In the next second, those blood-colored light spots aggregated into two human figures, and in a blink of an eye they turned into the appearance of Luo Tian and Dao Yan.

Luo Tian and Daoyan are resurrected!

Everyone in Long Yuan was stunned!

Then, they showed disappointment!

On the other side, Daokong and others saw this scene, and their eyes lit up, showing great joy!

Ha ha!

The ancestors are indeed the ancestors!

Even if Luo Tian and the others were killed, they could still be resurrected!

Looking at the corpses before Luo Tian and Dao Yan, they have long since disappeared.

After Luo Tian and Dao Yan were resurrected, their momentum was exactly the same as before, and they did not weaken in the slightest.

The three avatars, including Yueling, frowned when they saw this scene.

As a result, their previous efforts were in vain!

I didn't take advantage of the Sixth Dao Patriarch!

However, they did not find it strange!

This should be the ancestor of the Six Paths who activated the seal of reincarnation and resurrected the two Dao Yan.

From this, it can be seen that both Dao Yan are the messengers of the Six Dao Patriarchs!

It seems that they have no meaning to kill Daoyan and others.

If the Six Paths Patriarch is immortal, he can resurrect his messengers indefinitely.

Therefore, their next goal is only the Sixth Dao Ancestor!

Thinking of this, the eyes of the three avatars gathered together to the ancestors of the six paths.

"Ancestor!"

"Owner!"

At the same moment, after Dao Yan and the two were resurrected, they looked at the Six Dao Patriarch with great excitement.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch also breathed a sigh of relief.

Although he was calm on the outside, his heart was already bleeding.

It turned out that the three avatars of Yueling still made contributions!

The previous beheading was not useless!Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The vocation skills of the six ancestors were cursed by betrayal, and their functions were greatly reduced.

Therefore, the Six Path Ancestors can only condense ten Reincarnation Seals.

Each one has only three chances of resurrection!

Before, in order to resurrect Daokong, he had already consumed a Reincarnation Seal.

Later, in order to focus on protecting Dao Yan and Luo Tian, ​​he extracted two Reincarnation Seals from other corpses and implanted them in Dao Yan and Luo Tian.

In this way, two of his nine puppet corpses have no reincarnation seal.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch thought that this arrangement would be very secure.

He didn't arrive, and as soon as the battle started, the two Dao Yan were killed.

In this way, both Daoyan and Daoyan only have two chances to resurrect.

This is also an intangible loss, and it is irreversible.

"Ancestor, this person from Longyuan"

At this time, Dao Yan turned his head to look at the three clones, and his eyes were full of fear.

Now, he is completely afraid of the three avatars!

"Sacrifice!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch is too lazy to talk nonsense!

He picked up a seal in his hand, and instantly launched the sacrifice of faith.

hum! hum!

For a moment, Dao Yan and the two of them lit up with aura.

In the next second, a white light flew from the two of them, pouring into the body of the six ancestors.

Boom!

The aura of the Sixth Dao Patriarch suddenly soared all the way!

At this moment, Daoyan sacrificed 300,000 star power to Liudao ancestors, and his momentum dropped to 200,000 stars.

Luo Tian sacrificed 400,000 stars, and his momentum dropped to about 260,000 stars.

hum! hum! hum!

Then, a hundred miles away, among Daokong's group, eight puppet corpses lit up.

Then, the eight corpses flew out of eight white lights in turn!

At the same moment, the space beside the Six Path Old Ancestor oscillated, and eight rays of white light burst into the air, rushing into his body one after another frantically.

Suddenly, the aura of the Sixth Dao Patriarch continued to soar all the way!

In the blink of an eye, his combat power and momentum reached 5.92 million stars, surpassing the three clones in one fell swoop.

Seeing this scene, Dao Yan and the two were very excited!

"You two stand back!"

"Yes!"

Dao Yan and the two suddenly retreated, and they joined the Dao Kong group.

They are now in a sacrificial state, their combat power has plummeted, and they are not suitable for combat.

A hundred miles away, Dao Kong saw this scene and immediately led the crowd forward to join Dao Yan and the other two.

At the same moment, the Sixth Dao Patriarch made another move, and the white light flashed in front of him.

The next second, he had an extra black spear and a black shield in his hand.

That black long spear is the inferior artifact - the **** spear!

That black shield is very strange. Although it is not an artifact, it exudes the brilliance that an artifact only has.

Yueling's clone was curious and couldn't help but spy out.

[Heavenly Prison Shield: Ninth-Rank Top Grade]

[Reminder: This object is made from the fusion of two heaven-suppressing divine objects]

Seeing this, Yueling's avatar's eyes gleamed, secretly delighted!

The two heaven-suppressing artifacts that he needs on his body are right in front of him.

As long as the wings of the gods are combined with the heavenly prison shield, Qin Feng can get a complete anti-sky artifact.

Thinking of this, Yueling's avatar's heart became hot!

hum! hum!

It was at this moment that the Six Dao Patriarch launched the unity of human and machine.

I saw that he was holding a magic spear, and he was surrounded by a heavenly prison shield, and the momentum of his whole body soared all the way, reaching 6.15 million stars in a blink of an eye.

Seeing this scene, the three avatars could not help but take a deep breath.

At this moment, among the three clones, the Moon Spirit clone is the strongest, but its combat power is only 5.12 million stars.

The combat power of the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone are both 4.92 million stars.

The Six Path Ancestor's combat power is more than one million stars higher than that of the three clones.

This is not a small difference!

But it's not over yet!

At this moment, a white light flashed on the body of the Sixth Dao Patriarch, and it split into two, becoming two Sixth Dao Patriarchs.

The only difference is that one has black hair and one has white hair.

The combat power and momentum are exactly the same, they are all 6.15 million stars!

It turned out that he displayed the body of two ceremonies!

This is also the vocation skill of the judge!

As soon as the two main bodies came out, the Six Dao Ancestor's confidence greatly increased!

The three clones looked shocked.

At this time, the white-haired Sixth Dao Ancestor said, "Haha! Three little thieves, I'm afraid you didn't expect that the old man would have so many peculiar means?"

The tone of the white-haired ancestor was extraordinarily proud.

The corners of the three clones' mouths twitched slightly, a little speechless.

These means of his, their body has mastered, what is there to be proud of?

However, the ancestors of the Six Paths can also display the body of the two ceremonies, so it is difficult to deal with!

They know very well about the body of the two ceremonies.

That is the two bodies!

If you want to kill them, you must kill the two bodies at the same time.

Otherwise, as long as one body is alive, another body can be resurrected perfectly.

So repeatedly, endlessly, killing endlessly!

It can be seen that the judge who has mastered the body of the two ceremonies is extremely difficult to kill!

At this time, the black-haired ancestor also spoke.

"Three little thieves! Let's see how the old man killed you today!"

Swish! Swish!

As soon as the voice fell, the black-haired ancestor and the white-haired ancestor rushed to the three clones at the same time!

The three avatars also rushed to meet them!

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides battle it out!

Suddenly, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon had no light!