Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Countless voids are broken every inch!

Dao Dao attack, destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

At that moment, the radius of ten thousand miles, the sky was shaking!

Everyone in Longyuan and the disciples of the Six Dao Clan were shocked to see it!

At this moment, one by one, their eyes widened, their eyes were terrified, as if they had witnessed the battle of the end times!

This battle is a battle between False Gods!

I am afraid that it is difficult to witness once in a lifetime!

Now, they actually saw it with their own eyes!

In this way, the three avatars face the two main ancestors.

With three enemies and two, the killing is dark and dark.

But after a while, the two great ancestors gradually gained the upper hand.

This suddenly made the hearts of everyone in Long Yuan hang up!

On the contrary, Daokong and the others were all happy.

It's just that everyone didn't realize that on the starry sky, Qin Feng had already arrived at the star gate.

The five hundred and forty-eighth chapter broke the sky! The cards are out!

Just when everyone's attention was attracted by the battle on the field.

Above the starry sky, Qin Feng has rushed to the star gate.

"It's finally here!"

At this moment, Qin Feng looked at the gate of the starry sky in front of him and breathed a sigh of relief.

correct!

The phantom avatar also came out of Lingtian Temple!

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked back in the direction of Hongyuexing.

It turned out that after the Mirage clone and Feng Xi exchanged information, they came out of Lingtian Temple.

At the moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and a white light flashed in front of him, and the phantom avatar appeared out of thin air.

Seeing the Mirage clone appearing, Qin Feng stopped staying and flew directly to the star gate.

He has to rush back to deal with the Six Dao Patriarch!

It turned out that the space in the Lingtian Temple was a unique space shared by the three major star regions.

If the phantom avatar is in the Lingtian Temple, Qin Feng has no way to perform a space call on him, so the phantom avatar needs to come out first.

In the same way, if Fengxi's three daughters were in Lingtian Temple, the phantom avatar would not be able to summon the three girls directly, they had to come out of Lingtian Temple first.

Previously, the information exchanged between the Mirage clone and Feng Xi was related to this matter.

According to the meaning of the phantom avatar, after the three girls completed the assessment, they immediately left the temple and informed him.

The phantom avatar directly casts the summon, and summons the three girls to the star gate, and they can immediately return to the Blue Star Realm and participate in the battle.

Feng Xi had already responded to the message, and only Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue had not responded, which made him a little anxious.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone looked back, Qin Feng had already entered the star gate and disappeared.

He breathed a sigh of relief!

When the main body returned, the situation in Long Yuan was stable.

However, it is not easy for the main body to kill the ancestors of the Six Paths!

That Six Dao Patriarch also has the body of two ceremonies!

The difficulty of killing him is far beyond the same level!

Maybe, the sacrifices of the three women's beliefs are still needed to increase the upper limit of the body's combat power.

"Hey! This is"

Just when the phantom clone was thinking wildly, he seemed to sense something.

The next second, he opened the Tiandao light screen, entered the trading channel, and took out two notes from it.

After he read the two notes, he showed joy.

The two notes were Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue's replies.

It turns out that Xiao Luan'er has also successfully passed the first-class gods and joined the Tao, and is preparing to receive divine power enhancement.

Qiyue has just passed the eighth level, and has used up the last rest time, ready to pass the ninth level, which is the last level.

As long as she passes the last level, she can also win the first-class gods and join the path.

Both little girls replied to the message!

The phantom avatar is both relieved for Xiao Luan'er and nervous for Qiyue.

I hope that the last level of Qiyue can be successfully passed.

In short, Feng Xi's three daughters have all learned the information and the latest situation.

After they have completed their union, they will leave the temple as soon as possible, and contact the Mirage clone to cast a space call.

At the same moment, the Star Clan was stationed.

Qin Feng's three avatars and the two main bodies of Liudao's ancestors were killed in darkness.

It's just that the two main bodies of the Six Path Ancestors are much stronger after all.

The three avatars gradually fell behind, and they were killed and defeated!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Above the floating city, everyone in Long Yuan was extremely anxious when they saw this scene!

"Everyone, something is wrong!"

"Yeah! That Six-Path Old Ancestor is too powerful! He even has the body of two ceremonies! This is equivalent to two False God peak powerhouses attacking!"

"The master's three avatars can't hold it anymore!"

"This...how can this be good!"

Everyone in Long Yuan was extremely anxious.

But they are helpless!

On the contrary, Daokong and others were very excited.

At this moment, Dao Kong and others have joined Dao Yan and the others.

I saw Daoyan, Luo Tian, ​​and the other eight corpses sitting cross-legged.

They are all in a sacrificial state and not fit for battle.

Daokong, Luofu, and another puppet corpse, led a thousand strong people above the eighth level of the sky, surrounded them and protected them in the center of the crowd.

At this time, Daokong watched the Six Dao Ancestor kill the three clones, killing them and retreating, and his old face flushed with excitement.

"Great! Great! The strength of the ancestor is really shocking! He must be able to kill the three Yuelings!"

Luo Fu also breathed a sigh of relief: "Yeah! To be honest, the first appearance of the three Yuelings really scared me!"

"They actually met each other and killed Brother Daoyan and Clan Chief Luo Tian. Fortunately, Senior Six Dao's hands and eyes were open to the sky, and the two of them were resurrected at once."

The corners of Daokong's mouth twitched slightly: "My ancestor's methods are not ordinary. Back then, he and his senior brother came out of the Judgment God Realm and came to this Blue Star Realm together. They have experienced too many winds and waves."

"If he hadn't been judged by the people of God's Domain, he would have been cursed, and his strength would have been stronger than now. But why... hey!"

Speaking of which, Dao Kong felt a little regretful.

Luo Fu's heart moved: "Brother Daokong, you said that Senior Six Dao and his senior brother came to the Blue Star Realm together? Could it be that Senior Six Dao's Senior Brother is also in this Blue Star Realm?"

Dao Kong was stunned!

In the next second, he felt remorse in his heart, secretly thinking that he had slipped the tongue.

At the moment, his face sank: "Those are all things in the past, don't mention it!"

"Oh!"

Luo Fu responded wisely,

At this time, he subconsciously looked at the map and couldn't help exclaiming.

"Not good! Brother Daokong, look at the map! Qin Feng has entered the star gate and returned to the Blue Star Realm!"

Dao Kong was stunned for a moment, and quickly opened the map to take a look. Sure enough, he saw the blue light spot representing Qin Feng, which had passed through the star gate and entered the Blue Star Realm.

But in the next second, Daokong smiled coldly: "Brother Luofu, don't panic! It will take at least an hour to get to this StarClan station from that Stargate land."

"When Qin Feng arrived, my ancestors had already killed the three Yuelings and all the children of Long Yuan! After all, Qin Feng's little thief was a step too late!"

Speaking of this, Dao Kong is proud.

Right now, in the battle situation on the field, the Sixth Dao Ancestor has the upper hand and has an absolute advantage.

According to this development, in less than 20 minutes, the winner can be determined!

And Qin Feng will take an hour to get back, and by then, the tea will be cold!

But it was only when Dao Kong had this idea in his heart that the mutation happened suddenly!

I saw that on the map, the light spot representing Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, the light spot representing Qin Feng suddenly appeared on the battlefield.

Daokong was shocked and looked up quickly.

On the battlefield, the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor were fighting fiercely with the three clones.

The two great ancestors have the upper hand!

But at this moment, a white light flashed next to the white-haired ancestor, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air.

The person here is Qin Feng!

"It's Qin Feng!"

When he saw Qin Feng, Daokong couldn't help but exclaimed loudly!

"Boss! It's the boss!"

On the other side, everyone in Long Yuan cheered and was extremely alarmed!

At the same moment, the Six Dao Patriarchs were fighting fiercely!

Qin Feng's appearance out of thin air surprised him!

Swish!

Before he could think about it, Qin Feng slashed at the white-haired ancestor with a sword!

hum!

At that moment, the Zhuxing Sword lit up with a dazzling golden light, and the momentum was one after another!

At the same moment, the Wings of God Against God behind Qin Feng and the air-splitting armor on his body also lit up with dazzling light.

With the combination of the three major equipments, his combat power suddenly reached 6.45 million stars, surpassing the six ancestors in one fell swoop!

Swish!

The sword that shattered the sky and cut the earth directly slashed down at the white-haired ancestor!

"court death!"

The white-haired ancestor was furious!

boom!

I saw his long spear shake, and the low-grade magic spear—the **** spear, directly faced the Zhuxing Sword!

Swish!

At the same moment, the black-haired ancestor flashed and killed Qin Feng!