Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Since realizing that the person who came here is Qin Feng, the six-dao ancestors have murderous intentions!

He actually wanted to concentrate all his strengths and deal with Qin Feng as soon as possible!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

But at this moment, the white light flashed continuously, and the three clones teleported at the same time, stopped the black-haired ancestor, and attacked him wildly.

boom! boom! boom!

The three avatars joined forces to attack, destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

The black-haired ancestor's face changed slightly, he didn't dare to neglect, he had to fight!

Swish!

At that moment, Qin Feng fell with a sword!

Collision with the shot of the white-haired ancestor!

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

It resounds through the Eight Desolations and Six Harmonies!

The sound wave spread out at the speed of light, like a violent shock wave!

boom! boom! boom!

Where the sound wave passed, the sky and the earth were torn apart, and everything exploded and turned into dust!

The radius of 100 miles, like the end of the world, was actually bombed to pieces by the aftermath of the two people's attacks!

The next second, the white-haired ancestor groaned and was knocked back thousands of feet by that sword!

Bang!

On the other side, there was also an earth-shattering explosion!

0

The three clones and the black-haired ancestor also collided!

In the next second, the two sides were shaken back by a thousand feet, and they were evenly matched!

As a result, Qin Feng has the upper hand!Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Seeing this scene, everyone was shocked!

Dao Kong was even more dumbfounded!

Before, the ancestor of his family still had the upper hand, and victory was in sight, but when Qin Feng appeared, the situation reversed instantly!

This made him completely dumbfounded!

He never thought that Qin Feng's strength was so strong!

Even his ancestor is no match!

If it weren't for his family's ancestors to be able to perform well, I'm afraid the situation would be even worse!

At the same time, in the battlefield.

When the white-haired ancestor stabilized his figure, he looked at Qin Feng in shock, with disbelief deep in his eyes.

The three avatars of Yueling, Woodling, and Bingling have already surprised him!

He never thought that Qin Feng's strength was actually much stronger than the three avatars.

In other words, even if the three avatars join forces, they are not Qin Feng's opponents.

He really doesn't understand, what is going on with the people in Longyuan Town, they are all in the heavenly realm, how can they be better than the other?

Fortunately, he has the body of two ceremonies, otherwise he really can't hold it!

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor swallowed his saliva and looked at Qin Feng with a very solemn expression, not daring to relax at all.

When facing the three avatars, he looked relaxed and did not seem anxious at all!

0

In fact, although the two main bodies of the six ancestors have the same combat power, the white-haired ancestor holds the Hell Spear and the Heavenly Prison Shield, and the comprehensive combat power will be stronger.

His strongest body was knocked back thousands of feet by Qin Feng's sword, how could he not make him feel jealous?

It's just that the ancestors of Liudao haven't realized that Yueling, Muling, and Bingling are just Qin Feng's avatars.

He also didn't realize that Qin Feng had not exerted his full strength.

When it comes to the body of two ceremonies, Qin Feng also has it!

At this moment, Qin Feng also looked at the white-haired ancestor.

The next second, the looming vertical red line between his eyebrows slowly cracked, revealing a golden divine eye that exuded a strange divine light.

Let his original handsome and noble appearance have a bit more evil and charming temperament!

Divine Punishment Pupils appeared!

As soon as Qin Feng's mind moved, the pupil of the gods lit up with a faint light, and the eye of the Tao went to detect the white-haired ancestor.

The same pupil technique, performed by the God of Punishment, can increase the power tenfold!

In just a moment, Qin Feng spied more information

In the next second, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly, revealing a meaningful smile.

It turned out that the six ancestors were cursed by the Judgment God Domain because of their betrayal, and their vocation skills were greatly reduced.

Just like these two bodies, Qin Feng's time limit is three days and three nights.

The time limit of the Six Dao Patriarch is only three hours!

For another example, if Qin Feng's messenger seal is damaged, he can continue to condense it.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch can't.

And that reincarnation print!

Qin Feng's Reincarnation Seal can revive his messengers an unlimited number of times.

Ancestor Six Paths can only be resurrected three times!

This is the huge difference between the two!

After seeing so much information, Qin Feng was quite happy, secretly thinking that the God Punishment Eye was really useful.

Sometimes when the two sides are fighting, intelligence is more important than strength, and even the key to determining the outcome

Seeing the corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, he showed the connotation of a smile but not a smile.

The white-haired ancestor has some hair in his heart!

At the same moment, the Six Dao Clan's expression began to feel a little uneasy.

In the face of such a level of battle, with their strength, they can only wait and see, and they are not qualified to participate at all.

But now, their ancestors are clearly at a disadvantage.

Luo Fu swallowed and said, "Brother Daokong, the situation seems to be a little bad! Qin Feng's strength is much stronger than we expected!"

Dao Kong also took a deep breath!

But then, he smiled coldly: "Brother Luofu, you don't have to worry! Although Qin Feng is very strong, he is only stronger than my ancestor. Besides, my ancestor still has a hole card!"

Luo Fu's eyes lit up: "What?! There are trump cards?"

Only after these words fell, the field changed and regenerated.

As soon as the white-haired ancestor waved his hand, a magical book page floated above his palm, which was filled with strange divine inscriptions, each exuding a strange golden light.

As soon as the page appeared, it shone brightly and exuded an amazing aura!

People were amazed and looked at

Chapter 549: The Book of the Three Worlds! Dimensionality reduction strike!

"Huh! That is?"

Qin Feng was also curious, his eyebrows and eyes lit up, and he probed towards the page.

[The Book of Gods in the Present World (Part 1): Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Book of the present: high-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Reminder: Due to special reasons, the book of the present world has been disintegrated and turned into three pages of gods, divided into upper, middle and lower. Each scrap page is a middle-grade god-level treasure, and each has its own purpose. 】

[Reminder: Collect all three pages of the Book of the World, and you can get the high-grade god-level treasure 'Book of the World'. 】

[Reminder: Books of the present world, books of the past, and books of the afterlife are all high-grade god-level treasures. The fusion of the three things can get the best treasure of the gods - the Book of the Three Worlds. 】

[Reminder: The 'Book of the Three Worlds' was originally the treasure of the town of Judgment God's Domain. Due to special reasons, the 'Book of the Three Worlds' has been disintegrated and turned into nine pages of gods, which are scattered in various parallel universes]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned!

hiss!

The Book of the Three Worlds!

The ultimate god-level!

The treasure of the town of Judgment God's Domain!

Its power is unimaginable!

Not to mention the Heavenly Book of the Three Worlds, but to say that a divine page of the Book of the Present World has reached the level of a middle-grade god, and it is also classified as a wonder of heaven and earth.

Qin Feng couldn't be more clear about the power of the heaven and earth wonders of the middle **** level.

His Divine Punishment Eyes are middle-grade god-level wonders.

After being fused by him, he permanently obtained 400,000-star combat power back, and at the same time, the power of the pupil technique increased tenfold.

And awakened the low-level divine skill - Divine Punishment Divine Light!

What magical effect will the 'God Page of the Book of the World (Part 1)', which is also a middle-grade **** rank, have?

I'm afraid the power is not small!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath and be cautiously alert.

He didn't dare to despise the treasures of the middle-rank god-level!

By the way, why did the Six Dao Patriarch betray Judgment God Domain?

Could it have something to do with this worldly book **** page?

This strange thought came to Qin Feng's mind.

At the same moment, the white-haired ancestor looked at the divine page in his hand and breathed a sigh of relief, as if he had gained some confidence.

Then, he raised his chin slightly and looked at Qin Feng coldly.

"You are a good kid, but the old man made a big mistake! However, your luck has ended here. Now let you see the power of this divine book page!"

hum!

The white-haired ancestor thought about it!

The page of the gods flew into the air, rose against the wind, and in a blink of an eye, it became huge, covering the sky and the ground!

Everyone was stunned!

"Boy! Come in!"

At this time, the white-haired ancestor pinched another seal.

hum!

Suddenly, the spiritual light of the **** page was released, and it produced an irresistible swallowing force on Qin Feng.

call out!

In just an instant, Qin Feng was swallowed into the **** page!

Immediately afterwards, the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor also took the initiative to get into the **** page and disappeared.