Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng took a cursory look and found that the number of villages on the other side had reached thirty-seven.

Miyamoto Lang, Amir and the others obviously lost, yet they dared to be so arrogant.

A large part of the reason is that these reinforcements have arrived.

They have enough confidence.

In the later villages, Qin Feng also saw a familiar village, that is, Village No. 137.

137 Village is the first village to gamble with 911 Village.

Its first master Edward is a blood baron.

Their strength was originally very strong. According to the original progress, they should be able to enter the regional channel very early.

But after the bet with 911 Village, they lost a lot of attributes and resources, and they could not enter the regional channel until this time.

At this moment, Edward also joined the scolding battle, and he scolded very fiercely.

Edward (137): "Oh! That **** Qin Feng! He caused me to lose attributes, our village lost resources, and a civil war broke out in our village! This revenge! This lord must avenge it!"

Rami Miyamoto (5): "Mr. Edward, that Qin Feng is extremely hateful. He killed many of us Sakurajima people."

Amir (40646): "He also killed our people from the Three Kingdoms!"

Park Chengxin (383): "Axi! He killed more than 300 people in our two villages in Nanbang country!"

"Oh! He also killed many people in our kangaroo country!"

"And we don't fall into the country!"

Edward (137): "Oh! Devil! Devil! Qin Feng is a devil!"

Liu Xuan (911): "Edward, aren't you a vampire! The real devil is you, right?"

Edward (137): "Fake squid! People from the Dragon Kingdom, don't be complacent, I will definitely take revenge!"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "That's right! We will definitely take revenge! We will kill you all!"

Liu Xuan (911) was furious: "Miyamoto Lang, didn't you say you want to cut yourself off? Why haven't you killed yourself yet? How come you have the face!"

Miyamoto Lang (5) was furious: "Baga!"

Wu Yong (911): "Haha! You defeated generals, how dare you say that you want to kill us all! It makes me laugh out loud!"

Amir (446): "Don't be complacent about the people from the Dragon Kingdom upstairs. Have you noticed? There are a lot of people in your Dragon Kingdom on the Blue Star, but in this area, there are not many people from the Dragon Kingdom."

Amir (446): "If I'm not mistaken, when the novice assessment is over, all the villages will be able to meet. At that time, there are many of us and few of you, and we will definitely be able to defeat you!"

Wu Yong (911): "Joke! You both lost your bets, and you still want to beat us after the novice test. Is this possible?"

Amir (446): "Haha! People from the Dragon Kingdom, didn't you find out? Whether it's resource betting or faction betting, it relies on the strength of the elites in the village, and the sea tactics cannot be used."

Amir (446): "But after all the villages are opened, it will be different. The more people there are, the better. Your Dragon Kingdom is also a powerful Qin Feng. If you don't have Qin Feng, you will be everything."

Amir (446): "However, after the novice assessment is over. No matter how strong Qin Feng is, it will be difficult to protect you. After all, you are too few, and you are waiting for our revenge! Wait to die!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked.

right!

Amir's analysis makes sense.

The resource betting ratio is upgrading, which is to see the ability of the strongest person in a village.

The faction bet is based on the ability of players above level 5 to kill monsters and score, which is regarded as the strength of the elite.

Both ways of betting leave the ordinary player with the largest base without room to play.

But after all the villages are opened, it will be different.

The people of these countries can completely unite and form an army to crush the people of the Dragon Kingdom.

After all, there are too few people from the Dragon Kingdom in this area.

For example, now the other party has 37 villages.

The Dragon Country side, plus the 618 villages that just appeared, only had 4 villages.

Thinking of this, everyone in the Dragon Kingdom began to feel a little nervous, and the future situation is not good!

After listening to Rami Miyamoto and others, they cheered and praised Amir for being smart.

They seem to see the hope of revenge!

At this time, Amir continued to speak.

Amir (446): "At that time, our eight countries will join forces to destroy all the villages of the Dragon Kingdom, kill all of you Dragon Kingdom people, and you will just wait to die!"

Edward (137): "Oh! Good idea! In history, the poor Dragon Kingdom was ravaged by coalition forces. This time, we form a new coalition force and let them relive history, haha!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone in the Dragon Kingdom was furious.

At this moment, Qin Feng's avatar jumped.

Qin Feng (911): "Oh! Whoever kills whoever is not sure!"

"Wow! Qin Feng! It was Qin Feng who appeared!"

"Great! Our boss Qin Feng finally came forward!"

"Oh! This terrible fellow has come out!"

At this moment, the whole channel was a sensation!

Today, Qin Feng is the number one powerhouse in District 1.

His appearance will naturally cause a sensation in the entire district.

Even the arrogant Amir, Miyamoto Rami, and Edward fell silent instantly.

Unconsciously, they all had a fear of Qin Feng.

But soon, these people were taken over by the anger of hatred and began to sneer.

Edward: "Yo! Qin Feng, you finally came forward!"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "Qin Feng, you killed many of our people, I will definitely avenge them!"

Amir (446): "Damn Qin Feng, you have not only killed many of our countrymen, but also made more people paralyzed and disabled. You must pay for these!"

Miyamoto Lang (5): "That's right! You have caused many people in our village to become paralyzed and sick!"

Park Chengxin (383): "Axi! There are many paralyzed and disabled people in our village, Smecta!"

"And our villages that don't fall into the country too!"

"And us!"

These people complained.

Qin Feng sneered: "Didn't you say that we people of Longguo are sick men before? Now the karma is here! You are the real sick men!"

"Oh! Fake squid!"

"Eight Grid Road!"

"Axi!"

Edward and the others were so angry that they cursed.

Qin Feng sneered: "Haha! It seems that it will always be a hidden danger if you don't kill you all!"

As soon as these words fell, Miyamoto Lang and others laughed loudly.

"Haha! Qin Feng, who do you think you are? Can you kill the people of our Eight Kingdoms alone?"

"Yo Xi! No matter how strong one person is, they can't beat thousands of people! When all the novice villages are opened, it will be the end of your Dragon Kingdom!"

"Oh! He must think we are afraid of him! Unfortunately, he has no gambling orders in his hands. How can we be afraid of him?"

"Haha! If there is no gambling order, he will have nothing to do with us. He can only wait until the newbie village is fully opened. Waiting for our Eight Pot Allied Forces to kill them all!"

"Don't worry! Each village can only issue one gambling order at most, and he has already used it. He has no second chance to deal with us, haha!"

These people laughed wildly.

Everyone in the Dragon Kingdom was about to explode with anger.

At this moment, a new reminder came from Tiandao.

[Regional Announcement: The number of people who have been promoted to level 8 or above in this region has reached 5. The regional trading channel is activated. 】

As soon as this information came out, there was a commotion in the audience.

"Hey! Regional trading is open!"

"So you can trade from village to village!"

"This function is good, and each village can exchange resources."

Just as everyone was talking about it, the head of a North Bear countryman named Turgenev jumped.

Turgenev (44): "Hello, Mr. Qin Feng! I'm Turgenev from Village 44, and my level is level 8."

As soon as this information came out, the audience was quiet for a while.

There are not many 8th-level powerhouses!

Just now, Tiandao has reminded that there are only five strong people above level 8 in the entire No. 1 area.

It can be seen that this Turgenev is a super strong.

It's just why he took the initiative to talk to Qin Feng, and his tone was quite polite.

Seeing this scene, Miyamoto Lang and others were a little surprised.

The North Bear Kingdom is one of the great powers on the Blue Star.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The national character is very sturdy.

In this scolding battle, the North Bear Country was neutral and had been watching silently.

At this moment, Turgenev ran out to find Qin Feng, I'm afraid it's not easy!

Qin Feng: "Friends of the North Bear Kingdom, hello!"

Qin Feng also replied politely.

Turgenev: "Friends of the Dragon Kingdom, your current situation doesn't seem to be second! When this area is opened, you will be besieged by many people!"

As soon as these words fell, Miyamoto Rang interjected.

Miyamoto Lang: "Mr. Turgenev, you should be the strongest in the North Bear Kingdom! I have a suggestion, you join us! Let's go to destroy these Dragon Kingdom people together, and the benefits will definitely be distributed to you. Some."

Turgenev: "Sorry! I'm not interested! I just want to make a deal with Mr. Qin Feng."

Qin Feng: "Tugenev, what do you want to do with me?"

Turgenev: "Mr. Qin Feng, I have a gambling order in my hand. I wonder if you are interested?"

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked.

Miyamoto Lang and others were even more frightened!

The reason why they dare to be so mad is that the bet is set. Qin Feng will not have any more gambling orders in his hands, and there is no way to take them.

If Qin Feng gets another gambling order and pulls them into the gambling, they will die 300 times.

Miyamoto Rang: "Flax! Turgenev-kun, flax! Please don't trade staking orders to Qin Feng!"

Edward: "Oh! My dear Turgenev, how could you trade the poker order to that demon?"

Amir: "Friend, if you want to sell the betting order, you can sell it to me. I will give you a satisfactory price."

At this moment, Miyamoto Lang and others began to panic.

Everyone in the Dragon Kingdom was overjoyed.

Qin Feng was also surprised.

Gambling order!

With the gambling order, he can put those dog things to death!

Up to now, Long Guo and those dog things have reached the point of endless death, and there is no room for compromise.

In addition, there is a limit on the number of times the gambling order can be used.