Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this scene, everyone in Long Yuan suddenly panicked!

"What's the matter? Why is the boss missing?"

"It seems to have been sucked into that weird book page by the Sixth Dao Patriarch!"

"My God! Boss will be fine, right?"

"I don't know that!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone panicked!

For the people of Long Yuan, Qin Feng is their spiritual support, but nothing must happen!

hum!

Just when everyone was panicking, the mutation ahead regenerated!

I saw that in the sky, the pages of the book gods in this world squirmed for a while, and they transformed into a world projection with a radius of ten thousand miles, suspended above the sky.

That world has mountains, water, flowers and trees.

It's just that the world looks unreal, like a mirage, looming, projected on the sky.

At this moment, in that somewhat illusory world, Qin Feng is standing above the sky.

Opposite him, the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor also stood in the air.

The two sides confronted each other.

Seeing this scene, everyone in Long Yuan was stunned!

"What's the matter? How do I feel, the boss and the six ancestors seem to have entered the movie world!"

"Yeah! The picture in the air is so weird! It's unreal! It looks like I'm watching a movie!"

"By the way! The boss was sucked into the pages of the book. The image projection in the sky is not the world in the pages, right?"

"My God! The boss will not be hit by dimensionality reduction and enter the two-dimensional world, so we watch them like we are watching a movie!"

"Huh! Makes sense!"

"Then what should we do? I heard that the dimensionality reduction attack is terrifying, the boss will be fine, right?"

At this moment, the disciples of Long Yuan from the Dragon Kingdom were talking a lot, and their expressions were a little anxious.

The disciples of Long Yuan from the Feng and Qi tribes were stunned.

Granny Feng Qi couldn't help but ask, "Liu Xuan, what kind of movie are they talking about? Is it the shadow of lightning?"

"Uh this"

Liu Xuan didn't know how to explain it.

Granny Feng Qi asked again, "Also, what do they mean by reducing dimensionality?"

"this"

Liu Xuan scratched his head, not knowing what to say.

Movies and dimensionality reduction attacks are things that everyone in the Dragon Kingdom on Blue Star knows, and he doesn't know how to say them.

At this time, Feng Ying jumped in a hurry: "Mother-in-law, don't ask these trivial things! Now the master seems to be sucked into a weird world, I'm so anxious!"

She is really anxious!

Seeing that Qin Feng was in danger, the little girl was extremely uneasy.

Before she knew it, her heart had long been on Qin Feng.

Her reminder made Granny Feng Qi and Liu Xuan nervous.

At the moment, one by one looked forward uncomfortably

At this moment, the front mutation regenerated.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

I saw the three avatars of Moon Spirit, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit, all of them flashing in succession, one by one flying into the projection world in the air.

They want to enter that projection world to help the ontology.

Otherwise, the main body has to face the two main bodies of the six ancestors alone.

But the next second, everyone was surprised to find that the three clones easily passed through the projection, but there was no way to enter the projection world.

Afterwards, the three avatars tried several times, but still could not enter.

It seems that the world where Qin Feng and Liudao Ancestor are located is completely isolated from the outside world.

People from the outside world can see them, but they can't enter their world. It's really like watching a movie. They can only watch from the outside.

Seeing this scene, everyone in Long Yuan looked at each other, vaguely feeling that something was wrong.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

On the other side, Luo Fu was amazed when he saw this scene.

"Brother Daokong, what's going on here? The world that Senior Six Dao used to conjure up with pages seems to trap Qin Feng in it. It seems that Yueling, Muling, and Bingling can't get in!"

Daokong smiled proudly: "Of course they can't get in! That's not an ordinary world! Even if the three of Yueling try their best, it's useless!"

Luo Fu's eyes lit up: "Hey! So, the Sixth Dao Patriarch used this method to trap Qin Feng, and then dealt with Qin Feng specially. And the three of Yueling can't enter that world, so they can only stare outside?"

Daokong smiled and nodded: "Brother Luofu is really smart! You guessed it right! Just wait and see, the good show is still to come!"

"It really is!"

Hearing this, Luo Fu was excited and hurriedly looked at the projection world.

At the same moment, in the projection world.

Qin Feng is looking around the world in amazement.

He found that the world he was in was no different from the real world.

It's just that at the end of the world, he saw the outside world, as well as everyone in Long Yuan and the three clones.

In the world, Qin Feng looked at Long Yuan as if he were watching a movie.

From his perspective, everyone in Long Yuan is like a movie screen.

But he clearly knew that people outside looked at him like he was on a movie screen.

This is how he obtained this information through the perspective of the three avatars.

It's like saying that people in the two worlds look at each other as if they are watching a movie. That kind of look is weird!

Immediately afterwards, he saw that the three avatars were trying hard to fly into this world, and they failed more than a dozen times.

As soon as his mind moved, he wanted to use the space summoning method to summon the three avatars, but found that the space summoning was invalid.

Qin Feng was a little stunned!

The world is so weird!

Thinking of this, he looked at the white-haired ancestor in front of him!

"What the **** is this place?"

Qin Feng spoke quietly!

The white-haired ancestor smiled proudly: "Heavenly Book III, a legend of the world! Three books and nine pages, the pages are exquisite! You can call this place the 'Book of Heaven'!"

Having said that, the white-haired ancestor looked out of the world again.

I saw the three avatars, still trying to enter the Heavenly Book World, but they couldn't, and there was no way to enter.

Both sides can clearly see it, but they can't touch it, which is extremely strange!

Seeing this scene, the white-haired ancestor sneered.

"Oh! The three of Yueling still want to enter this world! It's ridiculous! In this world, the old man is the only master. Without the consent of the old man, no one can enter!"

Having said that, he looked at Qin Feng with a playful look.

"In the same way, no one can get out without the consent of the old man!"

Qin Feng frowned: "So, you want to trap me here?"

The white-haired ancestor sneered: "It's not just trapped? The old man is going to kill you here!"

As soon as the voice fell, the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor pinched the seal at the same time!

Boom!

Suddenly, the spiritual energy of the world rolled over, and the invisible power of the world poured into the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor frantically.

The momentum of the two main bodies of the six ancestors, suddenly soared all the way!

In a blink of an eye, the two main bodies have increased their combat power by 400,000 stars, and they have all reached 6.55 million stars!

As a result, they are 100,000 stars higher than Qin Feng's combat power.

Qin Feng's combat power is 6.45 million stars!

"Sure enough!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, he felt that the two avatars of the six ancestors, the breath merged with the world of heavenly books.

In other words, this is an alternative human-machine one!

It's like the unity of the city and the people of the Moon Spirit clone!

The Book God Page (above) in this world is a treasure of the middle-rank **** rank, and it is not surprising that it will feed back the 400,000-star combat power to the six ancestors.

The white-haired ancestor's battle strength increased greatly, and his confidence was greatly increased.

At this moment, he looked at Qin Feng and sneered.

"Boy! Before, your combat power was higher than that of the old man, so you overwhelmed the old man. But now the situation has reversed, and you are dead!"

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly raised, and he smiled without saying a word.

Just 100,000 stars higher than him and think you won?

This old guy is kind of funny!

At the same moment, the outside world saw this scene!

Everyone in Long Yuan was very nervous!

They could see that after some operations on the two main bodies of the Six Dao Ancestors, their combat power had increased significantly.

The situation seems to be unfavorable for the boss!

Thinking of this, everyone in Long Yuan became even more uneasy!

On the other hand, Dao Kong was very excited.

Luo Fu on the side muttered: "Brother Daokong, looking at the situation in this world projection, it seems that the strength of the six predecessors has greatly increased!"

"Of course!"

Dao Kong looked proud.

Then, he said excitedly: "Just now, the method my ancestors used was to unite with the world. That would make his combat power skyrocket by 400,000 stars!"

"400,000 stars?! My God!"

Luo Fu could not help but exclaimed!

Seeing this, Daokong was even more proud: "With the 400,000 combat power, the combat power of my ancestors will surpass Qin Feng! This time, Qin Feng is dead!"

Luo Fu sighed: "Yes! Qin Feng is indeed dead!"

These words just fell, in the projection world, the mutation suddenly occurred!

I saw the figure of the white-haired ancestor flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared strangely behind Qin Feng.

Ancestors of the Six Paths have no spatial talent.

But he is the master of the 'Book of Heaven', and naturally he can use his identity as the master of the world to teleport at will in that world, which is extremely strange!

This also made him stronger in the 'Book of Heaven'!

Seeing the white-haired ancestor suddenly shot, Daokong shouted excitedly.