Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Look! My ancestors made a move!"

As soon as the words fell, he opened his eyes wide, looking forward to the ancestor to defeat Qin Feng

At the same time, in the world of heavenly books.

The white-haired ancestor teleported and appeared behind Qin Feng.

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

boom!

In the next breath, he shot Qin Feng's back with one shot!

hum!

At that moment, his Hell Spear lit up with a heavenly light!

The law of killing! The Law of Destruction! The law of death! blood law, etc.

The power of many laws is superimposed on that gun!

A total of ten S-rank laws!

The white-haired ancestor unleashed his strongest blow!

As the Supreme Judge of Judgment, he can comprehend and share, thus mastering ten S-level laws!

This is also one of the capitals that he is proud of at the same level!

It is clearly in the middle stage of False God, but it can sweep through many peaks of False God.

Now, he uses his ten S-level laws to give Qin Feng the strongest blow!

He's going to take this nasty boy!

Blast to scum!

At this moment, the face of the white-haired ancestor was extremely hideous!

The attack of that shot was earth-shattering, causing the whole world to tremble!

Outside the world, everyone in Long Yuan was extremely nervous!

Dao Kong is extremely excited!

He seemed to be sure that his ancestor's shot would definitely have the upper hand.

In the blink of an eye, the shot was close to Qin Feng's back, and it was about to be stabbed!

At this moment, Qin Feng turned around abruptly!

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Qin Feng faced the shot with a sword!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky!

when!

In the blink of an eye, guns and swords intersect!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Sound waves scattered!

Crashed!

The next second, the white-haired ancestor groaned and was shaken back three hundred feet again!

Qin Feng stood on the spot, motionless!

In this face-to-face, Qin Feng has the upper hand!

boom!

There was a commotion in the outside world!

Daokong and Luo Fu were even more dumbfounded, and their mouths were wide open!

Both of them know that the battle power of the Six Path Ancestors has increased by 400,000 stars!

Why is it still falling behind?

The only difference is that Qin Feng's sword knocked back the white-haired ancestor a thousand feet before, but now he only knocked back three hundred feet!

But no matter what, the Sixth Dao Patriarch is still at a disadvantage!

What exactly is going on?

At the same time, in the world of heavenly books.

The white-haired ancestor was also dumbfounded!

He looked at Qin Feng in disbelief.

How could this be? !

He is obviously more powerful than Qin Feng, and has mastered 10 S-level laws.

Why is it still falling behind?

It made him wonder!

Also unacceptable!

He naturally didn't know that Qin Feng had mastered all the S-level laws he mastered.

Qin Feng also mastered the S-level laws that he did not master.

Just like the S-level time law and the S-level space law!

What's more terrifying is that Qin Feng also mastered the SS-level Primordial Law, which is an offensive law.

In this way, Qin Feng is stronger under the same combat power!

"It seems that the old man still underestimated you by 1.1!"

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor couldn't help taking a deep breath.

Then, he sneered again: "However, it doesn't matter! In this world, you only have one person, but this old man has two! You are still dead!"

boom! boom!

As soon as the words fell, the white-haired old man and the black-haired ancestor killed Qin Feng at the same time!

At this moment, the two main bodies of the six ancestors began to join forces.

The outside world suddenly exclaimed!

Long Yuan is in a hurry!

Dao Kong's eyes lit up with excitement!

Great!

The two main bodies of the ancestors finally joined forces!

From the previous situation, Qin Feng is stronger than the white-haired ancestor, but his strength is very limited.

If the two main bodies of the ancestors join forces, the situation will be reversed and Qin Feng will be counter-pressed.

Therefore, Qin Feng is dead this time!

Thinking of this, Daokong couldn't help holding his breath, watching nervously.

He expects the ancestor to win!

In the blink of an eye, the two main bodies of the Six Dao Patriarch came to the front and shot at Qin Feng at the same time.

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

Swish!

I saw a flash of white light on Qin Feng's body!

Split in two in an instant!

The extremely positive body and the extremely negative body appeared at the same time, and greeted the white-haired old man and the black-haired ancestor respectively!

boom! boom!

Two consecutive loud bangs!

The whole world is shaking slightly!

The two main bodies of the Six Dao Patriarch groaned and were knocked back hundreds of feet at the same time!

boom!Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Seeing that scene, the outside world was in an uproar!

Dao Kong was completely dumbfounded!

Even the two main bodies of the six ancestors were dumbfounded!

They can naturally see that Qin Feng is also displaying the body of two ceremonies.

Only Liudao ancestor never thought that Qin Feng would do this trick.

"I didn't expect that you would also have the body of two ceremonies!"

At this time, the white-haired ancestor looked at the body of Jiyang and slowly opened his mouth.

His voice was bitter.

Ji Yang's body smiled: "This is just the beginning!"

As soon as the voice fell, a playful smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Next, he's going to do his best

Chapter 550 Middle Grade God Rank! Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven!

Seeing Ji Yang's body showing a playful smile, the white-haired ancestor was very annoyed!

This kid is so crazy!

Could it be that he really thought he had won?

snort!

In the fight just now, this kid just had the upper hand!

Besides, he was just a test!

His real trump card is yet to come out!

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor sneered: "Boy! Do you think the old man's means are only these? If there is no absolute certainty of killing you, how can the old man **** you in alone?"

"The old man's trump card has not been released, it is reserved for you alone. Now it seems that it is time to use it."

As soon as the voice fell, the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor simultaneously pinched the seal, and the whole body was full of aura.

hum! hum! hum!

The next second, behind the white-haired ancestor, the illusion of the hexagonal world appeared continuously.

One world is like a fairyland.

One world is like hell.

One world is like a sea of ​​blood.

One side of the world is like a ghost.

One world is like a human world.

One side of the world is like a beast forest.

That is the realm of heaven, hell, cultivation, hungry ghosts, human, animal, etc., the six great worlds!

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor inspired the SSS-level six-path reincarnation talent and displayed his talent skills.

As soon as Ji Yang's body moved, his eyebrows and pupils lit up with golden light, and went out to detect it.