Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

[Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven: Vocational skills, middle-grade gods, need to awaken the talent of 'Six Paths of Reincarnation' before they can master it]

[Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven: Activate the six heavenly prison illusions, and each heavenly prison illusion can increase the attack power by 30%. 】

[Reminder: You need to have the corresponding six messengers in 06 to activate the corresponding Heavenly Prison Illusion. 】T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

[Reminder: For every six messengers lost, an illusion of heaven will disappear, and the corresponding attack bonus will also disappear. 】

[Reminder: The casting time of this skill is 10 minutes, and the cooling time is 1 hour. 】

[Reminder: Ancestor of the Six Paths is cursed by the Judgment God Domain, and the power of this vocation skill is halved, that is, for each additional Heavenly Prison Illusion, the attack power can only increase by 1.5%. 】

[Reminder: Ancestor of the Six Paths is cursed by the Judgment God Domain, the casting time of this vocation skill is halved, the time limit is 5 minutes, and the cooldown is 2 hours]

In just an instant, Ji Yang's body detected the details of that talent.

That was actually the vocation skill of the middle-rank **** rank - Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven!

Mid-grade god-level skills!

It corresponds to the real **** realm!

In fact, even if it is a true god, very few people can master mid-level god-level skills!

Qin Feng also met for the first time!

Fortunately, the ancestors of the Six Paths were cursed, and the power of the vocation skills was greatly reduced.

But even so, his attack power can be increased by 90% when he uses the Six Prisons to Suppress the Heavens.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body widened his eyes in horror, secretly saying something was wrong!

call out!

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor teleported to the front of Ji Yang's body.

boom!

The white-haired ancestor shot straight at him!

At this moment, the **** gun lit up with golden light!

The Law of Six Hells Suppressing Heaven, add it to it!

The attack power of that shot instantly reached about 12.5 million stars, which was very close to the threshold of the True God Realm!

The threshold of the True God Realm is 14 million stars.

In short, the power of that shot is devastating!

click! click! click!

Where the gun wind passes, the space is shattered, and the sky is torn apart!

It was as if everything would be blown up like a blast in front of that shot!

Jiyang's body is terrified!

With such a terrifying attack power, how could he dare to resist it head-on!

With this in mind, he will launch teleportation to avoid the shot.

In the next breath, he was horrified to discover that the space teleportation had failed.

It turns out that in this heavenly book world, the Six Dao Patriarch is the absolute master of space!

He suppressed Qin Feng's space laws and made his Qin Feng's space skills all invalid.

On the contrary, the Six Dao Ancestor, who originally had no spatial talent, could teleport at will in this Heavenly Book World.

It is extremely unfavorable to Qin Feng!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body was unable to teleport, but the shot had already fallen.

He wanted to avoid it, but it was too late!

At the moment, Ji Yang's body has to bite the bullet!

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Zhu Xingjian met that shot!

when!

That shot easily swayed the long sword and continued to blast away at Jiyang's body!

hum!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body was full of red light, and his qi and blood were prosperous!

Tongtian hegemony, activated instantly!

boom!

That shot slammed into the body of Jiyang!

In the next second, Ji Yang's body groaned, and he vomited blood and flew upside down, tumbling tens of thousands of feet!

At the same moment, there was a miserable groan from the other side!

The very yin body was also bombarded by the black-haired ancestor and vomited blood and flew upside down!

Whoa!

Outside the world, everyone was in an uproar!

Everyone in Longyuan was stunned!

However, Daokong and the others' eyes lit up and cheered loudly.

But within the world, the white-haired ancestor looked at Ji Yang's body in astonishment, his eyes filled with disbelief.

This kid was not shot by him!

how can that be? !

You must know that with the blessing of the Six Prisons, his attack power reached 12.5 million stars.

The average False God peak powerhouse will be bombarded by him on the spot!

This is his biggest killer!

But this kid was not bombarded by him, and his defense is stronger than he imagined!

The white-haired ancestor is a little unacceptable!

What made it even more difficult for him to accept was that Qin Feng was only at the realm of heaven.

A small heaven-level realm is so difficult to deal with, even more terrifying than the ordinary peak of False God!

This made him depressed at the same time, but also extremely shocking!

However, it doesn't matter!

He finally hurt this kid!

Looking at the way this kid spewed blood just now, it was obvious that he was seriously injured!

Even better, his attack power contains the law of death!

Once injured, the injury is irreversible.

Unless this kid also mastered the law of death, or the law of life!

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor breathed a sigh of relief, secretly thinking that the blow just now had finally made merit.

But this idea came up, and the front was mutated and regenerated.

I saw that the polar body has stabilized its shape!

At this moment, his chest was sunken, blood was hanging from the corners of his mouth, and his expression was sluggish. At first glance, he was seriously injured!

But at this moment, a cyan aura lit up on him!

In the next second, his sunken chest slowly bulged at a speed visible to the naked eye, returning to normal.

His complexion also changed from a dull color to a radiant complexion!

In just a split second, Ji Yang's body's injuries were completely recovered, leaving no trace of sequelae!

On the other hand, the polar cathode body has also recovered!

The white-haired ancestor was stunned, his jaw almost dropped.

He couldn't accept it, he had used the strongest trump card, but he still had no power!

impossible!

This is impossible!

How could this kid be okay?

damn it!

How could he have mastered the laws of life? !

At this time, Ji Yang's body slowly wiped away the residual blood from the corner of his mouth, and looked at the white-haired ancestor again.

The two looked at each other instantly!

"Boy! I didn't expect you to have so many means!"

The tone of the white-haired ancestor was full of unwillingness!

The corners of Ji Yang's body twitched: "If you only have these cards, then you will die today!"

The white-haired ancestor was furious: "Arrogant! Little thief, don't think you can hold on to this old man's face, and think you can hold on! How long can you hold on, old man?"

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, the white-haired ancestor slaughtered the body of Jiyang again.

At the same time, the black-haired ancestor also slaughtered the extreme yin body!

At this moment, the Sixth Dao Patriarch was extremely angry!

This little thief is so arrogant!

Do you really think you can't kill him?

You must know that his six-jail-suppressing state can last for 5 minutes.

As long as he maintains a high-intensity attack, so that the little thief has no time to recover, he will definitely be able to kill him.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch thought and did so.

In an instant, the two sides will fight again!

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

In this fight, the two sides were killed, and the sun and the moon were dark!

Qin Feng's two main bodies were defeated by the Six Dao ancestors, vomiting blood again and again, and the scene is in jeopardy!

Ancestor Six Paths was overjoyed, secretly thinking that his plan was right.

In this state, he doesn't need 5 minutes, but only 3 minutes to kill Qin Feng!

But at this moment, outside the world, mutation regenerates!

Just as the audience was watching the battle, a white light suddenly flashed above the head of the Six Dao Clan.

The Moon Spirit clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone appeared out of thin air!

"This is…."

"not good!"

Daokong and the others exclaimed!

One by one the complexion changed greatly!

The next second, Daokong shouted: "Quick! Quickly protect the ten envoys!"

As soon as the voice fell, dozens of peaks of the sky, more than two of the ninth, and more than seven hundred of the eighth, joined forces.