Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Dao 017 Kong, Luo Fu, and the one who followed the corpse also joined forces.

Thousands of strong men joined forces, launched an attack together, and blasted away at the three clones in the air.

Thousands of powerful attacks, illuminating all kinds of auras, extremely bright!

The momentum is even more earth-shattering!

Swish!

At this moment, Yueling clone slashed with a sword!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, traversing the world!

Cut all attacks to pieces!

With just one sword, thousands of attacks were leveled!

Swish! Swish!

At the same moment, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone also shot!

The wood spirit clone swung away with a sword!

Click! Click! Click!

Where the sword light has passed!

Daokong, Luofu, and the corpse were all split into two halves!

The ice spirit clone swung away with a sword!

puff! puff! puff!

Blood splashed again and again!

More than 400 Six Dao Clan powerhouses were all killed by his sword!

The next second, the three clones shot at the same time!

The sword light flashed in the field!

Blood splashes!

Screaming one after another!

In less than a minute, thousands of disciples of the Six Dao Clan were all killed by the three clones!

Even Daoyan, Luo Tian, ​​and the nine corpses are no exception!

That Dao Kong was killed immediately!

Just like that, everything is slaughtered!

At this moment, in the Heavenly Book World, the screams of the Sixth Dao Patriarch came out!

The three clones looked back and saw that the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor were all bombarded with blood and flew upside down.

Seeing this scene, Yueling clone laughed!

Everything is as he expected!

It turned out that they beheaded all the children of the Six Dao Clan, especially the ten envoys of the Six Dao Patriarch.

As soon as the ten envoys died, the sacrifice power of the six ancestors disappeared, and the six prisons and the sky also failed!

This made the ancient ancestors of Liudao lose their combat power, and could not withstand Qin Feng's blow, but was bombarded and vomited blood and flew out.

However, Yueling's clone is clear that the Sixth Dao Patriarch can still resurrect his messenger, and he will not be able to kill him for a while.

In short, this sudden reversal caught everyone by surprise!

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was dumbfounded!

One by one with their mouths wide open!

Chapter 551 Strength skyrockets! The law is suppressed!

At the same time, in the world of heavenly books.

The six ancestors wailed.

He didn't expect that such a thing would happen outside.

It's really that the three big clones acted too suddenly and caught him off guard!

And he and Qin Feng were fighting fiercely again. If he didn't pay attention, he let the three big avatars succeed.

"Damn it!"

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor looked at the outside world with incomparable resentment, but there was nothing he could do.

There is no way, three. The strength of the big clone is too strong.

Those who killed him were like chopping melons and vegetables, almost all of them were instant kills!

Up to now, he can only accept the fact that his subordinates were killed.

hum! hum!

With just a thought, the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor lit up with blue light.

In the next second, their injuries began to recover rapidly

But on the other side, Ji Yang's body was about to chase after the white-haired ancestor after blowing away the white-haired ancestor.

call out! call out! call out!

But at this moment, one after another white light broke through the sky and poured into his body frantically.

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (early demigod), you have gained +210,000 attributes, +2.1 billion energy points, and +103,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden Person (the initial stage of the demigod), you have obtained +200,000 attributes, +2 billion energy points, and +100,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Peak), you have gained +80,000 attributes, +420 million energy points, and +12,000 points. 】

Boom!

At this moment, his attribute points, energy points, and points are skyrocketing wildly!

It turned out that after the three big clones beheaded Daokong and others, the attribute of feeding back arrived.

Ji Yang was overjoyed, and couldn't help but stop in place, enjoying the skyrocketing attribute points.

Feedback from thousands of people!

The weakest is the eighth level of heaven!

Among them, there are demigods like Daokong and Luofu!

The strength of feedback can be described as great!

In just a moment, the backfeeding is over.

The anode body quickly opened the panel to check the harvest

[Free attribute]: 13.07 million points.

After reading the attribute point, the eyes of the polar body light up!

13.07 million attributes!

There are so many!

The anode body is full of surprises!

The harvest this time exceeded his expectations!

Come to think of it, the three big clones kill all the strong, not the weak.

Therefore, just one thousand people provided him with 13.07 million attributes.

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body quickly added some points to himself.

What he needs most now is to increase his strength

After a while, Ji Yang's body completed adding points, adding a full 260,000 stars, and the basic combat power soared to 4.96 million stars.

This harvest makes Jiyang body very satisfied!

In this way, he is only 40,000 stars away from the target of 5 million stars.

In addition, his comprehensive combat power has also reached 6.71 million stars, and his strength has skyrocketed by a lot!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body slowly raised his head and looked at the white-haired ancestor in front.

The white-haired ancestor just happened to look over.

The two sides face each other!

The atmosphere is instantly tense!

In a moment, the white-haired ancestor's injuries recovered.

However, its momentum

Ji Yang's body looked behind the white-haired ancestor again, where there were nine figures, sitting cross-legged one by one.

Dao Yan and Luo Tian were among them.

The other seven are puppets.

At this moment, when Dao Yan and Luo Tian saw Ji Yang's body, they both showed fear and did not dare to look at him.

It turned out that during the time when Ji Yang's body was added, the Sixth Dao Patriarch had resurrected Dao Yan and others.

However, there are only nine of the ten messengers under his command.

Because one of the messengers has no reincarnation seal in his body, there is no way to be resurrected after death.

Among these living messengers, Daoyan and Luo Tian only had one last chance to resurrect.

For the other seven corpses, there were only two chances to resurrect.

Such a result made the Six Dao Patriarch feel heartbroken.

For all these changes, Ji Yang's body is naturally clear.

His God Punishment Eye is not a vegetarian, he has already detected this information clearly.

What's even better is that after Liudao Ancestor lost an envoy, his peak combat power has dropped to 6.4 million stars.

On the contrary, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power has risen to 6.71 million stars.

The two sides are changing, and the situation is beginning to favor Qin Feng!

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor stared at Jiyang's body with incomparable resentment.

"Little thief! Your people have killed so many subordinates of the old man! The old man wants to kill you and avenge them!"

Thinking of the tragic death of so many children, the white-haired ancestor felt extremely distressed!

Ji Yang's body sneered: "Want to kill me?! I'm afraid you will be the next one to die!"

The white-haired ancestor was furious: "Arrogant!"

hum! hum! hum!

In the next second, the illusion of Heavenly Prison appeared behind him again!

He once again entered the six-jail-suppressing state, and his attack power increased by 90%.

This time, one of the messengers he lost was the messenger of darkness, which had no effect on the Six Prison Suppression.

However, his combat power has declined. Even with the help of Six Prison Suppression, his strongest attack has not reached 12.5 million stars, and can only reach about 12 million stars.

This is not good news!

What made Liu Dao Ancestor even more anxious was that after the three big avatars were mixed up, his Six Prison Suppression state was interrupted for a while.

Now he re-cast, maintaining the state of the time, only 4 minutes left.

Therefore, if he wants to kill Qin Feng, he must complete it within 4 minutes.

Otherwise, he has no chance!

Swish!