Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor flashed away and slaughtered towards Jiyang's body.

In the blink of an eye, he was near!

"Little thief! Die!"

boom!

The white-haired ancestor was shot and killed!

click! Click! Click!

The shot that destroyed the sky and destroyed the earth, the bombardment shattered the sky and the earth, and the void shook!

Ji Yang's body does not dare to be careless!

Even though the attack power of the white-haired ancestor has decreased, the power of that shot is still not something he can take hard.

However, by now, he should also play his cards!

With this in mind, Ji Yang's body started a seal.

hum!

A burst of chirping!

Time stands still, start instantly!

In an instant, the flow of time suddenly stopped!

The white-haired ancestor was instantly frozen in place, unable to move.

At the same moment, the black-haired ancestor not far away was also frozen in place by the extremely yin body.

Swish! Swish!

Taking advantage of the fact that the two main bodies of the six ancestors were frozen, Qin Feng's two main bodies rushed directly to the two Dao Yan not far away.

Qin Feng did not take the opportunity to attack Liudao Patriarch.

Because Qin Feng knew in his heart that within a second, he would never kill the ancestor of the Six Paths.

The Sixth Dao Patriarch has the law of life, and can recover instantly after being injured.

That being the case, why didn't he kill Daoyan and Luo Tian.

As long as these two die, the Sixth Dao Ancestor will plummet in strength!

Swish! Swish!

In the blink of an eye, Ji Yang's body was killed in front of Luo Tian.

The very yin body also killed before Dao Yan.

"not good!"

"Run!"

Luo Tian and the two were so frightened that they exclaimed loudly!

Instantly pale!

Swish! Swish!

But before they could react, the sword light flashed in the field!

Click! Click!

Blood splashes!

In just an instant, Luo Tian and the two were split in half!

"Do not!"

At this time, the two main bodies of the Six Dao Patriarch got rid of their shackles and just saw this scene.

The two main bodies were so angry that they wanted to vomit blood!

puff! puff!

Immediately afterwards, there were two more beeps!

The illusion of heaven behind the white-haired ancestor shattered two.

The white-haired ancestor suddenly lost his momentum, and the six prisons became the four prisons, and the power dropped greatly.

The same is true for the black-haired ancestor!

That Daoyan is the messenger of hell, Luo Tian is the messenger of heaven.

As soon as they died, the Sixth Dao Patriarch could only use the Four Prisons to Suppress the Heavens.

If he wants to reach the level of Six Prison Suppressing Heaven again, he needs to resurrect the two Dao Yan.

But Qin Feng didn't give him a chance and started to attack the other seven corpses.

"stop!"

call out!

The white-haired ancestor teleported to the front of Jiyang's body, and shot directly at the face of Jiyang's body.

That shot came so quickly and ruthlessly that people couldn't avoid it!

Swish!

The polar body is greeted with a sword!

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Earthshaking!

In the next second, Ji Yang's body was blasted tens of thousands of meters away by him.

But this time, the polar body was not injured in the slightest!

On the other side, the black-haired ancestor also encountered a similar situation.

This time, the white-haired ancestor was dumbfounded!

Without Daoyan and the other two, his combat power has plummeted, but the power of that shot has also reached 9 million stars!

Why is there nothing in the anode body?

Has this kid's strength improved? !

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor felt a little uneasy.

The white-haired ancestor guessed right!

Jiyang's body just added more than 10 million attributes, and its combat power has skyrocketed by 260,000 stars, which is stronger than before.

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor knew very well that he would not be able to kill Qin Feng without the Six Prisons.

Thinking of this, he hurriedly moved the seal.

hum! hum!

After a while, countless blood-colored light spots appeared behind him, converging in human form.

In the next second, Dao Yan and Luo Tian were resurrected one after another.

As soon as the two were resurrected, they looked around in horror.

"Old Ancestor, are we resurrected again?"

Dao Yan couldn't believe it.

The white-haired ancestor said coldly: "You have no chance of resurrection, you must not die again. If you die again, it will be permanent death!"

As soon as these words fell, the faces of the two Dao Yan turned pale.

Later, Luo Tian panicked: "Master, this thief Qin Feng knows the law of time! What he just used seems to be the prohibition of time. If he uses this method again, you still can't stop it, and he will still kill us both. killed."

Daoyan also said in horror: "Old Ancestor! I have a strange feeling. It seems that Qin Feng seems to know some of the flaws in your vocation skills, so he used the time prohibition, just for the two of us."

The white-haired ancestor said annoyed: "Impossible! If I don't tell you about the deficiencies of my vocation skills, it's impossible for outsiders to know. Don't talk about this, you stay here, and the old man will kill that little thief!"

Daoyan panicked: "Ancestor, if he is using the time skill, what should he do?"

This made the white-haired ancestor extremely depressed!

In this heavenly book world, he can suppress Qin Feng's space talent, but he can't suppress Qin Feng's time talent.

And Qin Feng, the little thief, is also very patient. At this moment, he revealed his talent for time and killed him by surprise.

Why!

It would be great if he had the Book God Page (below) in his hand. The properties of that book page were related to the law of time.

Allows him to suppress the opponent's time talent, while allowing himself to have time talent.

But the **** page (below) is in his brother's hands, not in his hands!

The **** page in his hand (top) is only related to the laws of space.

Its effect is to suppress the opponent's space ability, and at the same time make oneself have the power of space law.

If the two pages are combined into one, then one can control the time and space of one side, and at the same time, they can also obtain a 1 million-star combat power feedback, which is extremely powerful!

By the way, 7,000 years ago, the senior brother failed to run for the star master position, and he has been sleeping in the depths of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

Before falling asleep, he said that he wanted to break the curse of God's Domain.

I don't know if his curse has been broken.

Thinking of this, the Sixth Dao Patriarch couldn't help but look in the direction of Myriad Tribulations?

Tens of thousands of years ago, he and his senior brother came to this Blue Star Realm.

He established the Six Dao Clan in the first division.

His senior brother was also in the seventh division, established a large clan, and became a force to control the sky 7,000 years ago, and finally succeeded.

This round, it's his turn!

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor looked at the two Dao Yan.

"Don't panic, the two of you! This old man knows time skills very well! After the thief casts time to stop, there will be a 10-minute cooldown.

"And the old man's six prisons are still in three states. If the old man can't kill him within three minutes, we will withdraw!"

Hearing this, the two of Daoyan breathed a sigh of relief.

Now, they are completely frightened by Qin Feng!UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Not good! Qin Feng is here again!"

At this time, Dao Yan exclaimed again!

The white-haired ancestor turned his head, and sure enough he saw Ji Yang's body coming.

He sneered and quickly picked up the seal.

In just a split second, he completed the sacrifice of the two Daoyans, and reopened the Six Prisons to Suppress the Sky, facing the body of Jiyang.

At the same moment, the black-haired ancestor also greeted the extremely yin body.

Soon, the two sides will fight again.

All of a sudden, the field was shattered, and the sun and the moon were nowhere to be seen!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's two main bodies fell into the wind!

Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven!

How can mid-level god-level skills be underestimated? !

The Sixth Dao Patriarch was overjoyed, secretly thinking that he still has the absolute power to crush.

It is still possible to kill Qin Feng within three minutes.

Outside, everyone in Long Yuan looked terrified and anxious, but there was nothing they could do.

They can't even help!

Don't talk about them, even if the three avatars can't enter the heavenly book world, they can't help at all.