Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At the same moment, Dao Yan and Luo Tian saw that the Sixth Dao Patriarch had the upper hand, and they were both surprised and apprehensive.

They both hoped that the Sixth Dao Patriarch would kill Qin Feng earlier, but also worried that Qin Feng would suddenly rush over and kill them.

After all, they have no chance of resurrection, everything is walking on thin ice!

When the killing was earth-shattering on the field, no one noticed that there were some changes in the starry sky.

At this moment, above the starry sky, next to the star gate.

The Mirage clone is waiting anxiously.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up, he seemed to sense something, and he waved quickly.

call out!

In the next second, white light flashes!

There was a beautiful figure in front of him!

The person here is Feng Xi!

As soon as the Mirage clone saw Feng Xi, she showed a gratified smile.

Feng Xi has been promoted to Heaven Rank successfully.

What makes the Mirage clone even more gratifying is that Feng Xi's combat power has reached 800,000 stars.

If he uses Faith Sacrifice, he can provide him with 560,000-star combat power, which is more than a mid-grade artifact.

"Owner!"

Feng Xi was overjoyed when she saw the Mirage clone.

"Master, I succeeded in breaking through!"

The Mirage clone nodded in relief: "Well, well done! Go, my body is waiting for you!"

"Yes! Master!"

Feng Xi didn't dare to neglect, she hurriedly got into the star gate beside her, and couldn't disappear.

Looking at Feng Xi's disappearing back, the phantom avatar's eyes were full of anticipation.

On that day, the book world could isolate the entry of the three big avatars, but it could not isolate the sacrifice of faith.

Before, the Six Dao Patriarch was in the Heavenly Book World, and Daoyan and others were outside the Heavenly Book World, but the Sixth Dao Patriarch could still maintain the state of belief and sacrifice.

From this point, it can be seen that the world of heavenly books cannot prevent the sacrifice of faith.

"When Feng Xi arrives, the main body should fight back, right?"

Phantom Mirage muttered inwardly.

Having said that, there are many treasures on the ancestors of the Six Paths.

Two god-suppressing artifacts, a low-level god-level **** gun, and a middle-level god-level book **** page.

If you kill the six ancestors, these treasures will all belong to the body.

In addition, the Six Paths Ancestor also has SSS-level Six Paths Reincarnation talents.

If he dies, the body can extract that powerful talent.

With this thought, the Mirage Clone is even more looking forward to it.

When Feng Xi went back this time, she hoped that she could help the main body to successfully kill the Sixth Dao Patriarch

Chapter 552 Skills show their power! Continuous beheading!

At the same moment, StarClan was stationed in the sky above, in the Heavenly Book World.

Qin Feng and Liudao Patriarch are killing the sky in the dark.

At this moment, the Sixth Dao Patriarch has the absolute upper hand!

Qin Feng's situation has become precarious again!

Everyone in Long Yuan watched with trepidation, and their hearts were in their throats, and they were all extremely anxious.

It was at this moment that a mutation arose.

I saw that below the Heavenly Book World, Yueling's clone suddenly turned back and looked in the direction of the star gate, with a happy look in his eyes.

Then, he waved his hand, a white light flashed in front of him, and Feng Xi appeared!

"It's the patriarch!"

"Hey! Miss Fengxi is back!"

As soon as Feng Xi appeared, it caused a commotion in Long Yuan.

At this moment, in the Heavenly Book World, the mutation regenerates!

I saw that the black-haired ancestor was killing the extremely yin body to retreat.

Suddenly, the white light on the body of the extreme yin flashed continuously, and fission occurred in an instant, dividing it into eight.

Eight Extreme Yin Fission Manifestations!

The black-haired ancestor couldn't help but be stunned!

The next second, he was shocked!

It is the law of life skill - infinite fission!

He also mastered the law of life, but he did not perceive the infinite fission.

Infinite Fission is an extremely practical, yet extremely difficult to perceive skill.

Damn it!

Why are there so many means of this little thief?

The black-haired ancestor was furious!

At the same time, he vaguely felt bad.

Sure enough, as soon as the eight fission variants appeared, the first one held a seal.

hum!

Time stands still, start instantly!

The black-haired ancestor was frozen at once!

At the same time, the second fission body also held a seal.

However, his target was the white-haired ancestor not far away.

hum!

Time stands still again!

The white-haired ancestor has also been fixed!

Swish!

Ji Yang took the opportunity to get rid of the white-haired ancestor and killed the two Dao Yan not far away.

"My God! He's here again!"

"Quick! Run away!"

Daoyan and Luo Tian exclaimed in surprise, turned around and fled.

Those puppet corpses were also ordered to flee in fright.

At this moment, Daoyan wailed in his heart!

How could this be? !

Didn't the ancestor say that this kid's time skill will be cooled down for ten minutes?

Why hasn't he gone for a minute, this kid can use it again? !

Done! Done!

It's over now!

Daoyan wailed in his heart!

He naturally didn't know that Qin Feng's infinite fission was one of the wonderful ways to crack the cooling time of skills.

However, the use of time skills requires soul power above the demigod realm, so each of Qin Feng's body can only fission eight fission bodies.

If the number of fission bodies is 730 for a long time, the soul power will continue to weaken, and there is no way to use the time skill.

Therefore, the extremely negative fission variant can only use the time skill eight times.

This is enough for Qin Feng to fight back!

Boom!

An earth-shattering sound of breaking the air!

Ji Yang's body caught up with Dao Yan in the blink of an eye!

Swish!

The sword light flashed!

"Forgive me!"

Dao Yan screamed!

Click!

A crisp sound!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Blood splashes!

Dao Yan didn't even have a chance to dodge, so he was split in half!

In the next second, a dazzling white light flew from his corpse and poured into the body of Ji Yang...

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (mid-stage demigod), you obtained +430,000 attributes, +4.1 billion energy points, and +212,000 points. 】

what!

Got 430,000 attribute points!

Extremely positive body rejoice!

Having said that, the information spied by the God Pupil is extremely accurate!

This Daoyan really couldn't be resurrected and was completely killed by him.

In this way, he can get feedback!

Ha ha!

In this way, the Sixth Dao Patriarch has completely lost the messenger of hell, and his strength has plummeted!

The anode body was pleasantly surprised.

However, he did not dare to waste time.

After killing Daoyan, he chased and killed Luo Tian.

That Luo Tian is stronger and has fled tens of thousands of meters away.

Swish!

Ji Yang's body flashed and chased after him...

According to the information detected by the God of Punishment, this Luo Tian is the heavenly messenger of the Six Dao Patriarch, and there is no chance of resurrection.

Right now, it's a great time to kill him!

"stop!"

At this moment, there was a thunderous roar in the field!

The white-haired ancestor finally got rid of the stillness of time, and his eyes were blood red with anger.

In just a second, Daoyan was killed and could no longer be resurrected.