Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Ji Yang's body wants to hunt down Luo Tian again, how can he bear it.

Thinking of this, he was about to teleport to Luo Tian.

At the same time, the black-haired ancestor also got rid of the stillness of time and went to save Luo Tian.

hum! hum!

But without waiting for them to move, the third and fourth extreme yin fission variants cast time to stand still and freeze them in place again.

boom!

The six ancestors were shocked!

Damn it!

He couldn't move anymore!

At this moment, he was roaring with incomparable anger in his heart!

Boom!

At this moment, Ji Yang's body has caught up with Luo Tian!

Swish!

The sword light flashed!

Click!

Blood splashes!

Without the slightest doubt, Luo Tian was instantly killed on the spot!

In the next second, a white light flew from Luo Tian's body and poured into the body of Ji Yang...

[You successfully killed the Hidden One (Demi-God Peak), you obtained +620,000 attributes, +6.01 billion energy points, and +331,000 points. 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 59! 】

【Your strength index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 500 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 500 points! 】

【You get 200 free attributes! 】

At the same moment, an upgraded white light lit up on Jiyang's body!

good!

Got another 720,000 attribute points, and it has also risen to level 59!

The anode body was overjoyed.

However, time was precious, and he could not delay it.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body quickly raised his head and looked at the seven puppet corpses.

At this point, they were running away.

These monsters are also cunning, and they do not gather in one place, which increases the difficulty of his killing.

Swish!

Thinking of this, he dodged and killed the nearest corpse...

At this time, the time of the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor stopped, and the time limit was reached.

They were so angry that their blood was red and they were about to bleed.

Seeing that Jiyang's body is chasing and killing the corpse again, the two ancestors are going to rescue...

hum! hum!

Two more quakes!

The two old ancestors were once again frozen in place!

puff!

Ancestor Six Dao was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood!

However, those puppet corpses have already escaped far away.

Qin Feng's spatial talent was suppressed by the Six Dao Patriarch's Heavenly Book Space and could not be brought into play.

It took a full second for Ji Yang to catch up behind the puppet corpse.

It was at this moment that the Sixth Dao Patriarch got rid of the stillness of time once again.

But in the next breath, the seventh and eighth extremely yin fission variants activated their skills again, and the two main bodies of the six ancestors were once again frozen.

boom!

A loud bang!

That corpse was smashed into **** by Jiyang's body!

Immediately afterwards, Ji Yang's body rushed towards the second corpse...

"Damn things!"

The Sixth Dao Patriarch roared furiously in his heart!

what!

wrong!

Why is this kid always the messenger attacking the old man?

Could it be that he had already spotted the skill flaws of the old man, so he was so targeted?

Ancestor Liudao suddenly remembered what Daoyan had mentioned.

Now that I think about it, that seems to be the case

The Sixth Dao Patriarch was shocked again!

He really couldn't figure out how much means this Qin Feng thief had.

In the blink of an eye, a second passed.

Ji Yang's body has not caught up with the second puppet corpse, but the puppet corpse has escaped a little far.

The Six Dao Patriarch got rid of the stillness of time.

Ha ha!

Finally got rid of it!

This guy's eight fission bodies have all been used to stop time, so they all have to cool down for ten minutes, and they can no longer stop him.

At this moment, the eyes of the Six Dao Patriarchs regained their radiance.

At this moment, Ji Yang's body finally caught up with the second corpse, and was about to shoot.

call out! call out!

But at this moment, white light flashed in front of him, and the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor teleported over at the same time.

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

boom! boom!

The two old ancestors, carrying monstrous anger, shot at the polar body at the same time

hum! hum!

But at this moment, the extreme Yin fission variant not far away shot again.

Back in time!

Instant start!

The body of the two great ancestors suddenly felt that the time had turned and the world had flown backwards!

In the next breath, they strangely returned to their original places, hundreds of thousands of feet away from Jiyang's body.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Without the interference of the two great ancestors, Ji Yang's body smashed the second corpse with one sword.

The mourning of the six ancestors suddenly sounded in the field!

He never expected that Qin Feng had mastered two time skills!

Ordinary time talent, it is good to have one time skill, and it is extremely rare to have two skills!

In this way, after Jiyang's body killed the second puppet corpse, it continued to kill the third puppet corpse...

The extreme yin fission variant cooperated with the time reversal skill, and the extreme yang body killed the third corpse.

But the ability to go back in time is less effective in controlling the ancestors of the Six Paths.

After a while, all the time skills of the extreme cathode fission variant were used up, and all entered a cooling state.

At this moment, Ji Yang's body was intercepted by the white-haired ancestor and the black-haired ancestor, and there was no time skill to stop them.

And there are four puppet corpses left, and they have escaped far away.

"Little thief! Old man, what means do you have left? Go to hell!"

boom! boom!

At this moment, the two main bodies of the Six Dao Patriarchs joined forces once again to smash and kill the Jiyang body.

He hates the polar body very much.

But at that moment, the white light on Ji Yang's body flashed continuously, and it was suddenly divided into eight.

The two polar yang fission bodies cast time still, and freeze the two main bodies of the six ancestors in place.

At the same moment, the eight extreme yin fission variants, two in one, became four extreme yin fission variants!

Everyone has the combat power of the False God threshold!

Amazing!

In terms of combat power, Qin Feng's combat power is obviously stronger than that of the soul body.

The strength of his soul body has only reached the threshold of the middle stage of the False God, so after the fission, the soul power has been greatly weakened.

This fusion was completed, and the four extreme Yin fission variants chased and killed the remaining four corpses.

Another time skill control!

The four remaining puppet corpses of the Six Dao Patriarch were finally beheaded.

Qin Feng's time skills were all used up, and they all entered the skill cooling state.

At this moment, the two sides face off in the air!

The Six Dao Patriarchs are grief-stricken!

Daoyan and Luo Tian have been killed.

His seven puppet corpses had only one last chance to resurrect.

"Boy, how did you discover this old man's skill flaw?"

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor endured the anger in his heart and looked at the opposite polar body.

Ji Yang's body sneered and didn't bother to pay attention.

Naturally, he would not say the function of the innate divine pupil.

Seeing this, the white-haired ancestor took a deep breath: "Boy, it doesn't matter if you don't say it! The old man can see that your means are all used up! Without the time skills, the old man will see how long you have to support!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two main bodies of the six ancestors started to use the seal formula at the same time and began to resurrect the seven corpses.

Seeing this, Ji Yang's body also started a seal formula and launched the sacrifice of faith.

call out!

The next second, a dazzling white light broke through the air and poured into his body.

The momentum of Jiyang's body suddenly soared all the way.