Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, the cathode body opened the panel and was adding dots.

Just now, Ji Yang's body killed Dao Yan and Luo Tian in a row, and gained a total of 1.05 million attribute points.

In just a moment, the very negative body finished adding points.

Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed to 4.98 million stars in one fell swoop, only 20,000 away from 5 million stars.

At the same time, Jiyang Ontology also completed the sacrifice of faith, and received 560,000 combat power sacrifices from Feng Xi.

This is so powerful!

As a result, Qin Feng's two main body auras reached 7.29 million stars, reaching the limit of False God in one fell swoop.

The combat power range of False God Limit is 7 million stars to 10 million stars.

At the same time, the Six Dao Ancestor also resurrected seven puppet corpses and opened the Four Prison Suppression.

Without Daoyan and Luo Tian, ​​his strength plummeted.

Today, the combat power of his two main bodies is only 5.7 million stars.

The Six Prisons had turned into the Four Prisons, and the increase in combat power was only 60%.

In this way, even if he has the blessing of the Four Prisons Suppressing Heaven, it is equivalent to 9.1 million stars.

This is not much stronger than Qin Feng!

What's more, whether it is the Six Hells Suppressing the Heavens or the Fourth Hells Suppressing the Heavens, the only blessings are attack power.

The speed and defense status of the Six Dao Ancestors are still at the level of 5.7 million stars.

And Qin Feng's two main bodies, regardless of combat power, defense, and attack, are at the level of 7.29 million stars.

In this way, the current comprehensive strength of the Sixth Dao Ancestor is not necessarily stronger than Qin Feng.

Patriarch of the Six Paths is not clear!

He only knew that Qin Feng's time skills could not be used, and his chance to fight back came.

"My four-jail-suppressing state can only last for three minutes. The old man must kill this kid within three minutes! Otherwise, the old man can only choose to escape!"

Thinking of this, the two main bodies of the six ancestors looked at Qin Feng's two main bodies at the same time.

At this moment, the two main bodies of the Six Dao Ancestors had extremely serious expressions.

Up to now, he can't believe that Qin Feng is really just a heavenly powerhouse.

Even the peak powers of the False God, few are so difficult to deal with, and they are so terrifying!

As far as this comprehensive strength is concerned, I am afraid that it is infinitely close to the threshold of the limit of False God.

It turns out that the False God realm is divided into four levels, namely the initial stage, the middle stage, the peak, and the limit.

"Boy! Fight!"

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, the white-haired ancestor rushed towards the body of Jiyang.

At the same moment, the black-haired ancestor killed the very yin body!

The two sides fought together.

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

For a time, the field was shattered again, and the sun and the moon were dark!

Everyone in Long Yuan looked terrified once again!

But after a while, they were pleasantly surprised to find that this time Qin Feng and Liudao ancestors played against each other, and it became a draw.

For a time, neither of the two sides could do anything about the other.

It is no longer like before, the Six Dao Ancestor has the absolute upper hand.

The eyes of everyone in Long Yuan suddenly lit up with surprise.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

But at this time, Six Dao Patriarch was extremely shocked in his heart!

what happened? !

How did this kid suddenly become so strong?

Its combat power has increased a lot!

Damn it!

Why is this kid getting stronger and stronger?

It seems that he can't kill this kid this time.

no!

He has to run away!

While the four prisons are still in the state, he has to escape first.

If he keeps fighting like this, he will die!

At this moment, the Sixth Dao Patriarch was a little flustered and wanted to escape.

Chapter Five Hundred and Fifty-Three Strikes to the Sky! Kill the Six Paths!

In the blink of an eye, the Sixth Dao Patriarch and Qin Feng fought for a minute, but they did not gain the slightest advantage!

He was completely panicked!

If you don't run away now, when will you wait?

"Little thief! Wait for the old man! The old man will come back for revenge!"

The white-haired ancestor suddenly dropped these words, and his figure flashed and disappeared out of thin air.

call out! call out! call out!

At the same moment, the seven puppet corpses also disappeared in the Heavenly Book World.

The next second, the white-haired ancestor and the seven puppet corpses appeared together outside the Heavenly Book World.

Qin Feng's two main bodies were stunned!

The Liudao Patriarch did this, which was somewhat unexpected.

Immediately, Qin Feng wanted to understand what was going on.

Immediately, Ji Yang's body looked at the black-haired ancestor coldly.

"Since you're going to escape! Why do you keep a body?"

The black-haired ancestor sneered: "The old man is willing! What does it have to do with you?"

Ji Yang's body sneered: "It's very simple! If you want to escape, you must trap me with this heavenly book world. Otherwise, you can't escape! So, you have to leave a body to keep this heavenly book world running!"

"And when you do this, you are planning to sacrifice this divine book of this world. Because you know, I will eventually destroy you, this extremely yin body, and break through this world! Then this world will become a prototype. , change back to the **** page again, it will fall into my hands!"

After hearing this, the black-haired ancestor's face changed greatly.

He didn't expect that Ji Yang's body actually guessed more than 70% of his thoughts!

Immediately, he couldn't help but take a deep breath: "Boy! You are very knowledgeable! You can actually recognize this is the page of the book of the world! You guessed it right, the old man wants to use this method to trap you, and then take the opportunity to escape. "

"But there is one thing, you guessed wrong! Even if you destroy the old man's extremely yin body, you may not be able to take away this divine page!"

The black-haired ancestor didn't say a word.

This time he escaped, how could he stop there!

Today's revenge, he will not avenge it!

Therefore, as long as he escapes, he will immediately go to the depths of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations to find his senior brother to help him avenge him.

That price is this **** page!

This **** page is something that senior brother has coveted for a long time!

boom! boom!

Just when the black-haired ancestor was contemplating, Qin Feng's two main bodies had already been killed.

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides are fighting together immediately!

This fight is a shocking move!

Qin Feng has the upper hand!

However, he wanted to kill the black-haired ancestor, but he couldn't do it for a while.

With the blessing of the Four Prisons Zhentian, the comprehensive strength of the black-haired ancestor is also close to the limit of the False God.

On the other side, the white-haired ancestor escaped from the Heavenly Book World with seven puppet corpses.

The seven puppet corpses fled directly in the direction of Myriad Tribulations Sea, where is his senior brother hiding.

The white-haired ancestor did not escape immediately!

He looked directly at the three big clones, hesitating in his eyes.

Then, he looked at Feng Xi on the side.

I saw Feng Xi closing her eyes and meditating, a faint aura lit up on her body.

That state is very similar to what it looks like after the sacrifice of faith!

what!

Could it be that the thief Qin Feng is also a judge?

Otherwise, how could he also have two bodies?

The white-haired ancestor suddenly had this thought in his heart.

Although non-judgments also have the opportunity to comprehend the body of the two rituals, the probability is extremely low.

Coupled with Feng Xi's state, which is very similar to the appearance after the sacrifice of faith, the white-haired ancestor has to suspect that Qin Feng is also a judge.

This made him even more terrified!

For so many years, he was most afraid of the people who judged God's Domain to chase and kill him!

After all, he is a traitor of God's Domain!

If you don't want that much, he has to run away quickly!

what! correct!

Qin Feng killed so many of his descendants!

Before he left, why didn't he kill all of Long Yuan's children?

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor's eyes lit up, and he suddenly turned his head to look in the direction of the floating city.

I saw above the floating city, more than 15,000 Long Yuan disciples, all looking up.

These are all earth-level ants!

With his strength, he can kill them all within a minute!

If so, how can you miss it?

Thinking of this, the white-haired ancestor turned around and killed the floating city!

Boom!

This movement of his is a shocking movement, and the sound is monstrous!

This movement immediately alarmed everyone in Long Yuan!

"Not good! The six ancestors killed him!"

Everyone in Longyuan was panicked!

call out! call out! call out!