Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Just then, the white light flashed!

The three big clones of Yueling, Muling, and Bingling all teleported over and stopped in front of the white-haired ancestor.

"roll!"

The white-haired ancestor intercepted the three big clones at first sight, but his eyes showed disdain.

In the next second, he raised his hand and shot, and swept towards the three big clones!

call!

Gun blast!

At that moment, the gunlight skyrocketed and turned into a thousand zhang, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

Gun blast!

The world is cracking!

The momentum goes on and on!

At this moment, the white-haired ancestor did not pay attention to the three big clones at all!

When he did not have the blessings of the Four Hells, he could defeat three with one.

Now, he has the blessing of the four prisons and the sky, and his strength has skyrocketed.

How could these three avatars stop him?

He was confident that with one shot, he could knock out the three big avatars and spit blood upside down!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At the same moment, three big avatars, three swords came out!

hum! hum! hum!

Cold light flashes!

The sword is soaring!

Absolute star sword! Trap Star Sword! Killing Star Sword!

Everyone is buzzing!

In the blink of an eye, the three swords collided with the spear!

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

3. The big avatar was shaken back thousands of feet, but he was not injured, and he didn't vomit blood.

The white-haired ancestor was stunned!

what happened?

The strength of these three guys has suddenly become stronger!

And it's not a little bit stronger than that!

According to his previous strength, he would be able to sweep these three guys with a single shot, causing them to vomit blood and fly upside down.

Now, he doesn't even have the ability to hurt these three guys, so he can only reluctantly repel the three of them.

This huge gap makes the white-haired ancestor unacceptable!

Naturally, he didn't know that Qin Feng's strength had been soaring during this battle.

And Yueling, Muling, and Bingling are actually Qin Feng's clones.

Qin Feng's strength has skyrocketed, and the strength of the third avatar has also skyrocketed.

The white-haired ancestor was naturally frustrated!

As soon as he saw that the big avatar was so strong, the white-haired ancestor knew that he had no hope of killing Long Yuan's children.

He still had to run for his life!

Thinking of this, he turned around and ran away!

call out! call out! call out!

But at this moment, white light flashed continuously beside him, and the three big avatars teleported again.

Outside of the Heavenly Book World, the white-haired ancestor no longer had the ability to teleport.

On the contrary, Qin Feng's three big avatars can teleport and intercept him easily.

Seeing this, the white-haired ancestor's expression changed slightly: "Three little thieves! Do you want to trap this old man?"

Yueling's clone smiled slightly: "That's what it means! Today, you can't escape!"

The white-haired ancestor was furious: "Arrogant! It's just a dream to stop the old man with the three of you!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he was about to break through!

The two sides fight immediately!

In this fight, the white-haired ancestor found depressingly that the third avatar could actually have time skills.

He was miserable all of a sudden!

He never thought that the three big clones obviously had time skills, but they had not used them until this moment.

Obviously, the three big avatars have been forbearing!

This made him unbelievable and unacceptable!

Why are the people in Longyuan Town so powerful?

So many people master the laws of time and space at the same time!

You must know that people in the heavens and the world who can master these two laws at the same time are extremely rare.

A planet may not have one person!

In short, the three big clones joined forces and cooperated with the laws of space and time to entangle the white-haired ancestor for a while, making him unable to escape.

The white-haired ancestor shouted anxiously!

At this moment, the mutation regenerates!

I saw Feng Xi, who had been meditating with her eyes closed, opened her eyes at this moment.

Then, she dodged and chased away the seven corpses that fled!

At that moment, her 800,000-star combat power was undoubtedly revealed.

Its speed is much faster than those puppet corpses!

It turned out that Qin Feng interrupted the sacrifice of faith at this moment.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

With the strength of Qin Feng's two main bodies, even without Feng Xi's sacrifice, he can still suppress the black-haired ancestor.

After all, it is two-to-one, naturally easy!

When the vacancy came out, Feng Xi went to hunt down those puppet corpses.

Those puppet corpses are the fatal flaw of the six ancestors!

Every time a puppet corpse dies, the strength of the Six Dao Ancestor will plummet.

"not good!"

Seeing this scene, the white-haired ancestor was anxious!

But he was entangled by the three big clones, and there was no way to stop him for a while.

Just like that, Feng Xichao chased the seven puppet corpses with all their strength.

At the same time, above the starry sky.

The Mirage clone is waiting anxiously.

Suddenly, he sensed the direction of the StarClan station.

"Hey! The Sixth Dao Patriarch is going to escape?"

Mirage's eyes lit up.

That being the case, he had to go back and deal a fatal blow to the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

As for Xiao Luan'er, I'll pick them up later.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone is about to return.

It was at this moment that he sensed again that there was information coming from the trading channel.

He quickly turned on the light screen, entered the trading channel, and took out a small note.

After reading the contents of the note, the Mirage clone heaved a sigh of relief, with a look of joy on his face.

It turned out that the note was from Qiyue!

The little girl replied that she had passed the first-class **** test, but she had a very thrilling life.

The little girl's total score was only one point more than the assessment line, and she almost failed.

Thanks also, Qin Feng prepared a ninth-rank top-grade Extreme Moon Armor for her in advance.

Otherwise, Qiyue might not be able to pass the first-class divine test.

In short, Qiyue finally passed.

So far, the three ambassadors under Qin Feng's command have all reached the highest level of divine quality, and their strength far exceeds that of the same rank.

Such a level of integration, placed in any star realm, is a peerless genius-level character.

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar could not help but breathe a sigh of relief, and was also happy for the main body.

0

The better the foundation of the Qiyue Three Girls, the stronger the strength, the greater the effect on his body.

However, he couldn't waste time either, he had to go back and deal with the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

With this in mind, the Mirage clone replied to Qiyue with a note.

After doing these trivial things, he turned around and entered the star gate

At the same moment, the StarClan station, the battlefield.

But they said that Feng Xi chased and killed seven puppet corpses.

The speed of the seven corpses was obviously not as fast as Feng Xi.

In just a moment, Feng Xi caught up with them.

The puppet corpses couldn't escape when they saw it, and they turned around, preparing to join forces to deal with Feng Xi.

All of a sudden, their momentum erupted, and the corpse was soaring to the sky!

But before they could make a move, a white light flashed beside Feng Xi, and the phantom avatar appeared out of thin air!

Swish!

In the next second, the Mirage clone swung away with a sword!

The ninth-order best - the life magic sword!

Light up the sky!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy swept the audience!

click! click! click!

boom! boom! boom!

With just one sword, the phantom avatar chopped the corpses into two pieces and exploded into powder!

The seven corpses are destroyed, and the mutation is born!

I saw the momentum of the white-haired ancestor plummeted, and in a blink of an eye, it dropped to 4.23 million stars, even the three big clones.

puff! puff! puff!

Immediately afterwards, the illusion of heaven behind the white-haired ancestor was shattered one after another!