Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

His four hells have disappeared!

This made the white-haired ancestor terrified!

At this moment, in the Heavenly Book World, there was a shrill scream!

The black-haired ancestor was killed by Qin Feng, and he was wiped out!

click! click! click!

0.

Suddenly, the Heavenly Book World began to crack!

The white-haired ancestor was horrified, and he was about to revive the black-haired ancestor.

If the black-haired ancestor is not resurrected, the world of heavenly books will completely collapse, and Qin Feng will get out of trouble.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

He didn't even have a chance to escape!

But only when this thought came to him, the Moon Spirit clone cast a still on him for a while, interrupting his resurrection operation.

At the same moment, the Ice Spirit clone and the Wood Spirit clone attacked him wildly at the same time!

Without the sacrifices of the seven messengers and the blessings of the four prisoners, how could he be the opponent of the two clones.

Swish!

when! when!

The wood spirit clone slashed the Hell Spear and Heavenly Hell Shield with a single sword.

Swish!

Click!

Blood splashes!

Another sword of the Bing Ling clone split the white-haired ancestor in half!

Terrible scream!

Echoing in the void!

But in the next second, the Heavenly Prison Shield flew over automatically, emitting aura.

The corpse of the white-haired ancestor shattered automatically, turning into a blood mist all over the sky, and then under the aura of the Heavenly Prison Shield, the blood mist quickly condensed into a human form and was about to be resurrected.

That day, the prison shield was made by the fusion of two heaven-suppressing divine objects, which had the effect of infinite resurrection to the owner.

Click!

At this moment, there was another shocking sound!

The world of heavenly books in the air collapsed suddenly!

call out!

Then, the white light flashed!

Qin Feng's figure appeared in front of the blood fog!

He finally got out of trouble!

In the next second, his brows and eyes lit up, and a golden light of divine punishment pierced through the blood mist in an instant!

puff!

Just a whisper!

Soul body collapsed!

An extremely shrill scream came from the blood fog!

The Sixth Dao Patriarch was finally killed!

In the next second, several amputated limbs rolled out of the blood mist, and an extremely dazzling white light flew into Qin Feng's body.

[You have successfully killed the hider (mid-stage False God), you have obtained +10 million attributes]

[You have successfully killed the hider (mid-stage False God), you have obtained +90 billion energy points]

[You have successfully killed the hider (mid-stage False God), you have obtained +3 million points]

[You successfully killed the hider (mid-stage False God), you have gained +300 reputation]

[You successfully killed the hider (mid-stage False God), SS-level task order fragment (1/2)]

call!

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

The benefits of killing these six ancestors are too powerful!

It actually awarded 10 million attributes and 300 reputation points!

In addition, an SS-level mission order fragment was also revealed.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked forward, ready to collect the spoils

At this moment, the light of upgrade lit up on him.

[You have been promoted to Level 51 Judgment Master (Advanced)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 1000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 1000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 1000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 1000 points! 】

good! good!

The vocation has been upgraded again!

What's even better is that after the vocation is upgraded to level 51, the increase of the four-dimensional index has increased to 1000 points.

This is a nice change!

Chapter 554: The Reincarnation Ancestor! Promote to Supreme!

After rejoicing, Qin Feng is ready to collect the spoils

But at this moment, seven more white lights flew continuously and poured into his body.

[Your clone successfully killed the corpse (hidden person), you have obtained +220,000 attributes, +2.2 billion energy points, and +106,000 points]

[Your clone successfully killed the corpse (hidden person), you have obtained +220,000 attributes, +2.2 billion energy points, and +106,000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the corpse (hidden person), you got +2 billion judgment value...]

Seven consecutive white lights fed back, it turned out to be the benefit of the phantom corpse killing the corpse!

What surprised Qin Feng was that this corpse was actually a hider, and each one provided more than 200,000 attribute points.

In addition, each puppet corpse provides another 2 billion judgment value.

This is more rewarding than killing a secret person of the same level!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Afterwards, he waved again, and four treasures flew from the blood mist, namely a ring, a shield, a black spear, and a golden residual order.

That ring is the storage ring of the six ancestors.

Qin Feng put it away directly and looked at the treasures when he had time.

Put away the storage ring, he looked at the shield

[Heavenly Prison Shield: Ninth-Rank Top Grade]

[Reminder: This object is made from the fusion of two god-suppressing objects]

The last two heaven-suppressing artifacts are in hand!

When he integrates the Heavenly Prison Shield into the Anti-God Wing, the complete Heaven-suppressing Artifact will appear!

Heavenly Artifact!

This is a symbol of the Suppressing Heaven, and only the leaders of the Suppressing Heaven are qualified to hold it!

Qin Feng happily put away the shield.

Then, he continued to look at the black spear.

[Hell Spear: Low Grade God Rank]

[You need to master the S-level law of death before you can control and refine this gun. 】

good! good!

Got another low-grade god-level weapon.

Boo! Boo!

Just then, the white light flashed!

The Mirage clone came back with Feng Xi.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, the Hell Spear flew towards the Mirage clone.

His four avatars, Yueling, Wood Spirit, and Bingling all have a low-grade artifact, but the Mirage avatar has no artifact.

Now, this **** gun is just used by the phantom avatar.

In this way, all his clones are accompanied by artifacts.

I saw the Mirage clone happily took the **** gun, and left with a teleport.

He also had to go outside the Stargate to pick up Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue.

Those two little girls can't be ignored.

After dealing with the **** gun, Qin Feng looked at the last treasure

It was a golden remnant, which seemed to be half of a token.

[Mission Order Fragment (1/2): SS Grade]

[Reminder: This is half of a certain SS-level mission order. You need to kill the 'Reincarnation Ancestor' to get the other half of the mission order fragments. 】

[Reminder: When the fragments of two mission orders are merged into one, you can get a complete SS-level mission order, thereby activating an SS-level opportunity. 】

SS-level chance!

Qin Feng's eyes are shining!

After he activated the S-level god-level village mission, he began to have continuous opportunities and continuous harvests.

Now, he is going to acquire another divine artifact, and develop Longyuan Town into a force to suppress the sky.

When he really completes the S-level task, Tiandao will still have rich rewards.

An S-rank chance can bring him so many benefits.

The benefits brought by the SS-level opportunity will only be more.

However, if he wants to activate the SS-level chance, he needs to kill the 'Reincarnation Ancestor' and capture another quest fragment.

By the way, who is the reincarnation ancestor?

Qin Feng was puzzled.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Task reminder: Ancestor of Reincarnation is the elder brother of Ancestor Six Paths, and his strength is stronger than Ancestor Six Paths. 】

[Task background: Tens of thousands of years ago, the Sixth Dao Patriarch and his senior brother "Reincarnation Patriarch" betrayed the Judgment Divine Realm and stole the top and bottom pages of the Book God from the Divine Realm. 】

[The page of the gods (top) is in the hands of the ancestors of the Six Paths, and the page of the gods (bottom) is in the hands of the ancestors of reincarnation. 】

[Reminder: Collecting the top and bottom of the **** page will be of great benefit to the next SS-level mission. 】

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng suddenly realized.