Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A zone can only be used a hundred times.

The last time Qin Feng used it, it was the 79th time in this area.

It is estimated that there will be a hundred times soon.

Perhaps, this will be the last time he uses it.

Therefore, he must seize this precious opportunity.

At the moment, Qin Feng asked, "Tugenev, what do you want?"

Turgenev: "My friend, I don't need anything. As long as you can promise me one condition, I will give you the token."

Qin Feng: "What conditions?"

Turgenev: "After starting the camp betting, bring the two villages of our North Bear Country into your red camp."

Qin Feng was overjoyed: "No problem!"

The people of the Dragon Kingdom were even more excited.

Turgenev's conditions are not conditions at all.

This is simply an initiative to send benefits to the door.

They didn't know that Turgenev was eyeing the huge reward after the faction's gambling.

Naihe needs to be level 9 or above to activate the faction bet.

He was only level 8 and couldn't activate it, so he had to ask Qin Feng.

In this way, both parties will cooperate and win-win, and everyone will be happy.

"Oh! NO! NO! NO!"

"Flax down! Flax down!"

"Assie! Don't be like this, Smecta!"

"Mr. Turgenev, are you going to fight against our eight countries? You will regret doing so!"

At this moment, Miyamoto Lang and the others wailed.

There was even a threat to Turgenev.

But Turgenev didn't ignore them at all, and directly opened the transaction.

Soon, Qin Feng received a reminder from Tiandao.

[Reminder: Turgenev of Village 44, gave you a gambling order for free, please check it. 】

Token in hand!

Cool!

Qin Feng was ecstatic

Chapter 71 Dragon Country Dad! We are your sons!

Qin Feng quickly entered the trading channel, took out the token, and launched it directly.

[Reminder: You have activated the gambling order! This bet is the 100th use of this area, and it is valid! 】

Fuck it~!

Exactly the hundredth time!

This is also very lucky!

Qin Feng was surprised.

He unexpectedly seized the last chance.

If it is later, even if he gets the token, it will be useless.

really!

Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Regional Announcement: The number of gambling orders in this area has reached the upper limit, and all the gambling orders that have not been used will be void! 】

Boom~!

The message spread throughout the district in an instant.

A thousand novice villages all heard it.

Suddenly, there were mourning and regretful sounds from hundreds of villages.

"Oh! NO! I have the token! I haven't had time to use it yet!"

"God! I still want to wait, why is it invalid!"

"Fake squid! My token! Oh! It's not fair! It's not deco!"

"Axi!"

At the same moment, in the regional channel, everyone heard it and became suspicious.

Amir: "Hey! The number of times the gambling order can be used has reached the upper limit. Will the gambling order in Qin Feng's hands be invalid?"

Miyamoto Lang: "Amir-kun, they seem to have just traded, maybe it's really abolished!"

Edward: "Oh! If so, that's really good news!"

Turgenev was a little worried: "Isn't it a coincidence, I just traded the token and it was invalid?"

Amir: "It's void! It's definitely void! Lord Shiva must be helping us get through this difficult time. Mr. Turgenev, it's a pity that you wasted a gambling order! Haha!

At this moment, Amir brought Asan's self-confidence into full play.

But at this moment, one after another emergency announcement resounded through the entire regional channel.

[Emergency Announcement: Qin Feng of 911 Village has once again started the camp gambling! 】

[Faction Bet: The loser will have 70% of their resources deducted, and everyone will weaken their attributes by 50 points. For the victorious side, all resources will be doubled, and everyone will increase their attributes by 50. 】

[Faction Bet: Divide the red and blue camps, and the number of villages in each camp must not exceed 30. Village 911 is automatically defaulted to the red side, and its hostile side is the blue side. 】

[Betting method: Kill monsters to get points, and the faction that accumulated points reaches 1000 points first will be determined to win. 】

[Reminder: Village No. 5 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

[Reminder: Village No. 137 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

[Reminder: Village No. 446 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

"Oh! NO! NO! NO!"

"Flax down! Flax down!"

"No! Smecta!"

As soon as the news came out, Amir and the others wailed.

"Haha! That's great! It turns out that the boss of Qin Feng is the one who used it for the hundredth time!"Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Haha! Luck! Luck! Mr. Qin Feng has a lot of luck!"

"Long live! Long live Boss Qin Feng!"

"Ulla! Ulla!"

Everyone in the Dragon Kingdom and the North Bear Kingdom cheered.

[Reminder: Village No. 21 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

[Reminder: Village No. 67 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

Qin Feng continues to operate...

The lighthouse and other eight countries were all terrified and wailing!

As if the end of the world is coming!

But at this moment, Park Chengxin of 383 Village jumped out.

Park Chengxin is a native of Nanbang and the strongest in 383 Village. His level is already level 7.

Park Chengxin: "Lord Qin Feng, I was wrong! I was wrong! Please let us go! Smecta!"

Wu Yong: "Haha! You guys are so funny! Didn't you jump around a lot before? It's too late to beg for mercy now!"

Liu Xuan: "That's right! These sticks have always been shameless, stealing the culture of our Dragon Kingdom, stealing our Dragon Kingdom's festivals, and even claiming that they created them."

Park Chengxin: "The two friends of the Dragon Kingdom, we are not stealing. Our Nanbang Kingdom is your vassal state in history. In other words, our Nanbang Kingdom is your own son of the Dragon Kingdom."

Park Chengxin: "The son takes his father's things. It can't be called stealing, it's called inheritance. Dear Longguo fathers, my son was wrong before! Please forgive my son once! Woo~! Woo!"

As soon as these words came out, the audience was shocked!

Fuck it~!

This Nan Bangzi can say anything in order to survive.

The brazenness of the stick is evident.

Miyamoto Lang was very disdainful: "Park Chengxin, I feel ashamed to have an ally like you! Are all Nanbang people so shameless?"

Park Chengxin was annoyed: "Axi! You said before that if you lose, you will kill yourself. Have you killed yourself?"

Miyamoto Lang: "Baga! At least I won't recognize someone else as a father!"

Park Chengxin: "Assi! You Sakurajima have also learned the culture and etiquette of the Dragon Kingdom, and your ancestors also passed there, so we are the second son of the Dragon Kingdom, and you are the eldest son of the Dragon Kingdom, Simi. Da!"

Miyamoto Lang: "Bagaya Road!"

Park Chengxin: "Dads of Longguo, Brother Sakurajima is disobedient, you teach him a good lesson! Our Nanbang is your obedient second son, please let us go!"

This remark shocked the audience and caught everyone by surprise.

At this time, one of the neutral camp, a man named Ruan Fu jumped out.

That Ruan Fu came from the Nanyue Kingdom, and he was also the first powerhouse in their village, and he was also level 7.

Ruan Fu: "Haha! It's so funny! Seeing your Sakurashima and Nanbang dogs biting dogs makes me feel a little overjoyed!"

Park Chengxin said angrily: "What are you laughing at? You Nanyue Kingdom is also a vassal of the Dragon Kingdom in history. Sakurajima Kingdom is the eldest son, we are the second son, and you are the third son of the Dragon Kingdom!"

Ruan Fu: "..."

Seeing this, the people of Longguo wanted to laugh.

Turgenev was shocked: "It turns out that you have so many sons in the Dragon Country! However, it seems that they are not very obedient!"

Liu Xuan: "There is no way! When these sons grow up, their wings are hardened and they are not filial!"

[Reminder: Village No. 732 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

[Reminder: Village No. 383 was forcibly selected into the blue camp! 】

On the other side, Qin Feng continued to pull the hostile village.

He did not let it go because of Park Chengxin's begging for mercy, and directly pulled the 383 village in.

Those who violate our Dragon Kingdom!

Must be punished!

"Oh! No! No!"

"Axi! Axi!"

When Park Chengxin and other Nan Bangzi saw the message, they all cried out.

Soon, Qin Feng filled the hostile camp.

Thirty villages in total, six more than the last time.

137 Village, where Edward is located, is naturally there.

Next, he began to pull the team of his own camp.

[Reminder: Village No. 34 was elected to the red camp! 】

[Reminder: Village No. 77 was elected to the Red Team! 】