Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

It turns out that the ancestor of reincarnation is the senior brother of the ancestor of the six paths!

According to Tiandao's prompt, the strength of the reincarnation ancestor is stronger, I don't know how strong it will be?

Also, where is the reincarnation ancestor now?

Could it be that he is also in the Blue Star Realm?

Just when Qin Feng was muttering in his heart, a page of a divine book slowly fell from the air, which was the divine page of the present-world book (top).

The Sixth Dao Patriarch is dead!

The world of heavenly books collapsed, and it changed back to the divine page again.

Qin Feng raised his head and looked at the golden page, his eyes were fiery.

No matter what the magical effect of this **** page is, just because it is a mid-grade god-level wonder, it can feed back 400,000-star combat power for oneself, that is a huge gain!

What's more, this **** page also has trapping special effects.

Thinking of this, he put away the **** page with satisfaction, and then refined it when he had time.

After processing these harvests, Qin Feng descended from the sky, came to the stump of the six ancestors, and began to extract

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the SSS-level talent - Six Paths of Reincarnation. 】

[Six Paths of Reincarnation: from the cycle of life and death (SS grade), the law of blood (S grade), the law of soul (S grade), the law of opening the sky (S grade), the law of escape (S grade), the law of killing (S grade) , The Law of Destruction (S Grade) is merged]

good! good!

Finally got the talent of Six Paths of Reincarnation!

Qin Feng is delighted!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[It is detected that you have mastered the SSS-level 'Six Paths of Reincarnation' talent, the judgment level is over 50, and you have reached the standard for promotion to the Supreme Judgment]

[From now on, you have advanced from 'Senior Judgment Lord' to 'Junior Judgment Supreme']

[Congratulations on your successful advancement of your vocation and becoming a Level 51 Primary Judge Supreme. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Supreme Junior Judgment', strength index +100,000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Supreme Junior Judgment', agility index +100,000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Supreme Junior Judgment', BMI + 100,000 points]

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Supreme Junior Judgment', energy index +100,000 points]

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with the golden light of vocation advancement!

Its momentum has skyrocketed all the way!

Just one vocation advancement has actually increased his four-dimensional attributes by 400,000 points!

It's so powerful!

After a while, the advanced golden light slowly dissipated!

Qin Feng couldn't help but glance at the basic combat power, and suddenly reached 4.99 million stars, only 10,000 stars away from the goal of 5 million stars.

He is very satisfied!

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Supreme Junior Judgment', you have obtained the mid-grade divine rank vocation skill - Six Prisons to Suppress Heaven. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Primary Judgment Supreme', you have obtained the permission to condense the 'Heavenly Divine Seal'. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Primary Judgment Supreme', you have obtained the permission to condense the 'Hell's Seal'. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Supreme Supreme Judgment', you have obtained the authority to condense the 'Sura Divine Seal'. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Primary Judgment Supreme', you have obtained the authority to condense the 'Seal of the World'. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Primary Judgment Supreme', you have obtained the permission to condense the 'Ghost World Divine Seal'. 】

[Congratulations on becoming the 'Primary Judgment Supreme', you have obtained the permission to condense the 'Beast Dao Divine Seal'. 】

As the prompt sounded, a flood of information flooded into my mind.

Qin Feng closed his eyes and digested the news.

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes, full of ecstasy!

He has finally been promoted to Supreme Judgment!

After Di Jiang is born, he can be transformed into one of the six messengers.

In this way, he can have one more subordinate to sacrifice combat power.

What's even better is that he has awakened the vocation skill of the middle-rank god-six prisons.

This is the full version of the Six Prison Suppression, unlike the Six Prison Suppression of the Six Dao Patriarch, the power is halved.

If it weren't for the fact that the Six Prisons of the Six Dao Patriarch were weakened, the winner of this battle might not be Qin Feng.

After all, the middle-grade god-level skills correspond to the real **** realm!

In fact, many true gods have not mastered mid-level god-level skills!

From this, it can be seen that the six prisons are powerful!

As long as Qin Feng cultivates Di Jiang into one of the six messengers, he will immediately be able to obtain a prison, which can also increase his attack power by 30%, which should not be underestimated.

Of course, before recruiting the messengers of the six paths, you must gather the four messengers of light, darkness, life, and death before you can recruit messengers of the six paths.

After digesting the information, Qin Feng looked at the stump of Liudao Patriarch, which should still be able to be extracted.

With this in mind, he continued to extract

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired 10,000 strength attributes]

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired 10,000 Agility Attributes]

【Endless extraction failed! You have reached the withdrawal limit]

Another 20,000 attribute points!

It's also a nice gain!

It turns out that existences above False God can be extracted three times, which is one more than other existences.

This is another nice find!

By the way, he has just gained a lot of attribute points, and it is time to add them.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel

[Free attribute]: 11.57 million points

1157 attribute points!

It's so powerful!

At the moment, Qin Feng comfortably added his starting point.

After a while, he finished adding points, and his basic combat power soared to 5.22 million stars in one fell swoop, and his strength increased a lot!

call!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

Everything is done!

This time, he had a huge harvest, which made him very satisfied!

At this moment, a reminder came from Heaven.

[Reminder: Your basic combat power has exceeded 5 million stars, reaching the combat power standard for promotion to the title of ‘Sky Surveyor’]

[Reminder: Your prestige has reached 5820 points, which has not yet reached the prestige standard for promotion to the title of 'Sky Surveyor']

[Reminder: The prestige value for the promotion of 'Sky Surveyor' is 6000 prestige. 】

Qin Feng laughed again!

With only 180 reputation points away, his title can be promoted again!

At that time, his strength will skyrocket again!

However, with his current realm and strength, killing those heaven-level beasts has lost his prestige.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

To gain prestige, beasts above the demigod rank must be killed.

The Blue Star Realm is dominated by humans, and it is somewhat difficult to find beasts above the demigod realm.

So, that 180 reputation is not easy to get!

Don't think about those anymore, it's time for him to deal with the current task.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked around.

I saw that Long Yuan's disciples had been standing around waiting for a long time, and none of them dared to come forward to disturb him.

At this time, everyone saw Qin Feng looking up and knew that the boss had finally finished dealing with the trivial matters, and they all came forward to say hello.

"Owner!"

"Boss!"

"Haha! Boss, you killed the six ancestors! We won!"

"Master! Are we now the power to suppress the sky?"

"Boss! Didn't we kill Liudao's ancestors? The S-level task should be completed! When will the rewards of this S-level task be issued?"

"Yes! I almost forgot about the S-level mission reward! This time the reward will be extremely rich!"

"Of course! This is an S-level mission! Besides, we completed it within five days, and the mission reward will be doubled!"

At this moment, everyone said excitedly, all blushing and excited!

Even Feng Xi is an exception!

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "Don't get excited! We are still 4.6 steps away from completing the task!"

Everyone was stunned!

One last step yet?

Isn't the Sixth Dao Patriarch dead?

Haven't all the top ten sacred objects already fallen into the hands of the boss?

Immediately, Liu Xuan asked, "Boss, what's the next step? Is the task completed when you have fully integrated all the divine artifacts and obtained the complete divine artifacts?"

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "It's not all like this! According to the task prompt, we must destroy the ten mysterious forces before we can count the real task completed."

"Now, we just killed their leader. The 70,000 children of the Six Dao Clan and the tens of thousands of the Da Luo Clan are still alive!"

This reminder, everyone suddenly realized!

"Yes! The Six Dao Clan and the Daluo Clan have not been wiped out yet!"

"Boss, let's kill them now!"

"Haha! Without Liudao Patriarch, Daokong, Luo Tian and others, these two clans are completely vulnerable in front of our Longyuan Town!"

"Master, are we going to fight now?"

At this moment, everyone can't wait to go to war!

They all want to destroy the Liudao Clan and the Daluo Clan as soon as possible, so that they can get the S-level quest rewards as soon as possible.

In fact, Qin Feng also wanted to get the task reward earlier.

Immediately, he said: "The next thing to destroy these two clans is to be handled by my three clones and Feng Xi! You all obey the arrangements!"

"Yes! Boss (Master)!"

Everyone agreed, and they were all excited!

Qin Feng smiled and turned into white light, disappearing out of thin air.

He has to deal with the **** of heaven.