Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As for the annihilation of the two clans, it will be handled by the three avatars

Chapter Five Hundred and Fifty Five Escape Aura! sucker Punch!

After a while, in the zero-degree space, inside the cultivation secret room.

White light flashed on Qin Feng's body, and it split into eight in an instant, fissioning eight fission bodies.

Afterwards, the first fission body excitedly took out the 'Heavenly Prison Shield', sat directly cross-legged, and began refining

As long as he refines the Heavenly Prison Shield and integrates it into the Wings of Anti-God, he will obtain a complete Heaven-suppressing Divine Artifact.

That is a symbol of the power of the sky!

Immediately afterwards, the second fission variant took out the page of the **** of the world (top) and began to refine it.

The remaining six fission bodies also sat cross-legged, and began to condense the six gods of heaven, hell, Shura, human, ghost, and beast.

Now, he has been promoted to Supreme Judgment, and can recruit envoys of the Six Paths.

Therefore, he had to condense the Divine Seal in advance.

After encountering a suitable recruit, he can directly implant the divine seal.

In this way, Qin Feng closed again

At the same moment, the sky above the floating city.

The disciples of Long Yuan were all excitedly surrounding the Yueling clone.

"Master, what should we do next?"

Feng Xi smiled.

She was a little impatient.

When Qin Feng was away, Long Yuan's main affairs were mainly handled by Yueling's clone.

The Yueling clone smiled slightly: "Feng Xi, you have the Feng Clan disciples ready. The Bingling clone will go to the Daluo Clan's station immediately."

"When the time comes, your Feng Clan disciples and Bing Ling clones will go to destroy the Daluo Clan. As for the others, just follow me to exterminate the Six Dao Clan!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed with a bang.

Afterwards, everyone returned to the floating city one after another.

It didn't take long for the Bing Ling clone to fly towards the Daluo tribe's residence.

And the children of the Feng clan have already prepared in the floating city, waiting to be summoned by the ice spirit clone space.

At the same time, the Moon Spirit clone controlled the floating city and flew towards the six-dao clan's residence.

In this way, Longyuan Town launched the weeding and eradication operation.

At the same time, thousands of miles away, over a mountain range.

50,000 08 Six Dao clan disciples stared blankly at the map, their eyes filled with disbelief.

Just now, they watched helplessly, the name of the Sixth Dao Patriarch disappeared!

That means their ancestors have fallen!

But is it possible? !

The comprehensive strength of their ancestors has reached the upper limit of the peak of the False God, which is very close to the limit of the False God!

How could the ancestors fall?

Could it be that Qin Feng's strength has reached the limit of False God?

At this thought, the six disciples felt extremely shocked!

At the same time, there is infinite fear in their hearts!

In the face of the existence of a virtual god, they are not even as good as ants!

Thinking of this, everyone couldn't help but look to the front of the team!

There was an old man with gray beard, staring blankly in the direction of the StarClan station.

The old man is called Dao Yun, a powerhouse in the early stage of demigods, and the second highest elder of the Six Dao Clan.

There are three demigods in the Six Dao Clan, namely Daokong, Daoyan, and Daojun.

The strength of this Daojun is not as good as that of Daokong and Daoyan, but he is older than Daokong and Daoyan, and he knows more secrets.

According to the previous agreement, 1,000 people from the Six Dao Patriarchs would take the lead, and Dao Yun led 50,000 people to arrive later.

But before Dao Yun and the others arrived, the Six Dao Patriarch and his party all died.

Why is this so? !

At this moment, Dao Yun was extremely sad and angry!

"Master Daojun! How should this be?"

"Yeah! The ancestor has fallen, what should I do?"

At this moment, everyone looked at Dao Yun one by one.

Only then did Dao Jun recover, and looked at everyone with a bitter expression.

"Master Daojun, shall we withdraw to the clan now?"

an elder asked anxiously.

Daojun smiled wryly and shook his head: "I can't go back to the Hui clan! Going back is dead! How could Longyuan Town let us go? They will definitely kill our clan's lair and kill them all!"

"What's even more terrifying is that because of the prestige of Daokong's patriarch, the position of all of us was exposed, and it lasted for three days and three nights. We can't hide even if we want to hide!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's face changed greatly!

"Master Daojun! Then... what should we do? We can't wait to die?!"

"Yeah! I don't want to die yet!"

"Hey! Qin Feng can kill the ancestor, I'm afraid his strength has reached the limit threshold of the virtual god. With such strength, killing me, etc., is like killing ants!"

At this moment, everyone is terrified!

Dao Jun took a deep breath: "Everyone, if you want to survive, we have another way, maybe a few people can survive!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone's eyes lit up.

"Master Daojun, what is the method?"

"Yes! Your Majesty, please tell me! Long Yuan's people have arrived."

With this reminder, everyone looked at the map, and sure enough, on the map, the army of Long Yuan was coming quickly.

This time, everyone panicked even more!

Daojun hurriedly said: "Everyone, the only way at the moment is to run away! All 50,000 of us are scattered, so it will not be easy for Long Yuan's people to kill us. Maybe this will allow us to survive a few people! "

"As long as a few survive, that's a spark, and our Six Dao Clan will have a chance to be reborn in the future!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone laughed bitterly!

What's the best way to do this?

However, this is no way out!

"Hey! That's all!"

"Everyone, don't delay! Everyone, let's escape! Whether you can survive or not is up to your fate!"

"Yeah! If we don't escape, when Qin Feng arrives, none of us can live!"

boom!

At the moment, more than 50,000 people collapsed with a bang!

The six disciples scattered and fled in all directions!

"Dad, let's run away too!"

A middle-aged man with a white face and beardless urged Dao Yun to run away!

That man is the son of Dao Jun, named Dao Sheng, with a ninth-level strength.

But he didn't want to, Dao Yun whispered: "Sheng'er, don't run away! We will wait until everyone is gone before leaving!"

Dao Sheng jumped in a hurry: "Dad, when is this? Look at the map, Long Yuan people are rushing towards us! We have to run away quickly, or we won't be able to escape until they arrive. !"

Daojun didn't take it seriously: "It's okay! I read the map for my father, they are thousands of miles away from us. When they arrive, it will take at least twenty minutes. Enough for us to escape!"

Dao Sheng was puzzled: "Father, even if Long Yuan's people can't arrive for a while, we can't just stand there stupidly?"

Dao Jun took a deep breath: "Sheng'er, you'll find out in a while!"

Hearing this, Dao Sheng's heart moved, and he thought to himself what secret did Dad have?

Thinking of this, he stopped and waited, but checked the changes on the map from time to time.

I saw a group of blue light spots on the map, moving towards their location, rapidly approaching.

The number of that group of light spots, at least fifteen thousand.

It was the Moon Spirit clone who controlled the floating city and killed the disciples of Long Yuan.

In less than three minutes, more than 50,000 disciples of the Six Paths escaped completely!

Only Dao Yun and his son were left in the field!

"Father, everyone has run away, so let's go too! After a while, Long Yuan's people are coming!"

Dao Sheng is in a hurry!

"Well! It's time to run away! But"

As soon as the words fell, Dao Yun took out a mysterious jade talisman from the storage ring. It was dissatisfied with the blood-colored talisman and exuded an ancient atmosphere.

"Hey! Dad, what is this?"

"This is the jade talisman that my ancestor left me for help!"

Dao Sheng was surprised: "The ancestor left it?"

"Yeah! A long time ago, my ancestor gave me this jade talisman. He once said that if one day he unfortunately falls, he will activate this jade talisman to ask his senior brother for help and avenge him."

Daojun is infinitely emotional!

Dao Sheng was startled: "Father, Patriarch still has a senior brother?"

Knowing that the Sixth Dao Patriarch had a senior brother, there were only a few people in the entire clan, and Dao Sheng did not know.

Dao Jun nodded slightly: "Yes! The elder brother of the ancestor is called 'Reincarnation Ancestor', and his strength is stronger than that of the ancestor. He established the Tiantian force in the seventh competition area 7,000 years ago, and finally became the blue The star master candidate of the star realm."

"At that time, he was the ultimate powerhouse of the False God. Unfortunately, he failed in the final star master assessment, failed to become the real star master, and was also deprived of his candidate status."

"Since then, he has been hiding and became the hider of the Blue Star Realm. Now that seven thousand years have passed, his strength should be stronger! Maybe, he is close to the threshold of the true god!"

Dao Sheng's eyes lit up: "My God! The threshold of the true god! That's already the capital of the star master! If we say that, we will ask the reincarnation master to take action, and we will definitely be able to kill Qin Feng and avenge the ancestor!"

Dao Jun also nodded confidently: "Of course! If the Reincarnation Master Uncle takes action, he will definitely be able to avenge the old ancestor! According to the old man, the strength of Qin Feng's little thief is at most the threshold of the False God limit, far from the Reincarnation Master Uncle. opponent."

Dao Sheng said again: "It's strange! Reincarnation Master Uncle has such strength, why did the ancestor not invite him to go out? Also, with Master Uncle's current strength, if he participates in the Star Master Assessment, he should have a 60% chance of becoming a Star Master. Lord?"

Dao Yun shook his head and sighed: "Hey! According to the rules of becoming a star master, as long as the star master fails the assessment once, you will no longer be able to run for the star master, and you will not be able to participate in the point competition."

"So, Master Uncle Samsara is no longer qualified to become a star master, and he will not easily get involved in the later points competition! For this reason, he has been retreating in the depths of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations."

"However, the ancestor has fallen! If you ask him to avenge the ancestor, it shouldn't be a big problem!"

Dao Sheng suddenly said: "Father, then you quickly activate the jade talisman and ask for help from Master Uncle Samsara. This matter cannot be delayed!"

"As it should be!"

As soon as the words fell, Dao Yun broke the blood and dripped into the jade talisman!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

hum!

In the next second, the jade talisman turned into golden light, escaping in the direction of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

Daojun was pleasantly surprised: "Sheng'er, chase! Follow the aura that escaped from this jade talisman, and we can find the location of the uncle Samsara! As long as we arrive at the uncle's lair and have his protection, Qin Feng will not be able to kill us. !"

Dao Sheng's eyes lit up: "Yes! Dad, you are too smart!"