Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! Of course!"

Dao Yun smiled proudly.

Immediately, the father and son chased after the aura.

It turned out that Daojun let the clansmen escape first, that is, to let those clansmen help him distract Longyuan Town.

After all, he is now the strongest of the Six Dao Clan!

If he took out the jade talisman at the beginning, and then fled in the direction of the jade talisman, I am afraid that a large number of clansmen would follow.

Such a target is too big, and it is easy to be targeted by Longyuan Town.

In order to survive, Dao Yun could only abandon his clan so that he and his son could quietly escape to the old lair of Samsara.

In that case, the goal is small, and the chance of survival is greater!

Even better, judging from the speed of Long Yuan's movement, it is estimated that it will take about twenty minutes to arrive here.

By the time the Long Yuan people arrived, they would have already fled far away!

000 Thinking of this, Dao Yun felt a little proud in his heart, thinking that he could survive this time.

Boom!

But that thought came up, and the sky above his head suddenly vibrated violently!

Dao Yun was startled and looked up quickly!

click! click! click!

I saw that above the ten thousand feet in the sky, the void cracked a ten thousand feet long space crack.

Immediately afterwards, a huge city in the sky emerged from the crack in space and stretched across the sky!

It turned out that the moon spirit clone controlled the floating city, and the space jumped!

This sudden change made Dao Yun stunned!

Before he could think about it, a loud noise came from the floating city!

"Quick! Those six disciples are running away! Don't let them go!"

"Chase! Chase!"

Whoa!

In just an instant, more than 10,000 Long Yuan disciples flew out of the floating city and chased and killed the six disciples who fled in all directions.

At the same time, the Moon Spirit clone also performed infinite fission, turning into 256 fission bodies, chasing and killing those Six Dao clan disciples.

The strength of Long Yuan's children is obviously much stronger than that of Sixth Dao's children, and the speed is naturally faster!

As soon as they were dispatched, the six disciples who had not yet completely escaped, were so frightened that they screamed again and again!

A massacre!

It's inevitable!

At the same moment, Dao Yun and his son were a little dumbfounded.

They thought that it would take twenty minutes for the Long Yuan people to arrive here.

Unexpectedly, Longyuan Town has mastered the floating city and can jump thousands of miles!

When the distance between the two sides is only ten thousand miles, the moon spirit clone will control the giant city and jump over.

Such a change caught the two of them off guard!

"Dad! He... they're here!"

"Stop talking nonsense! Run away!"

The voice is all the way, the father and son are about to run away

But at this moment, a white light flashed in front of the two, and the wood spirit clone appeared out of thin air.

Before the two could react, the wood spirit clone slashed the two in half with one sword, killing them on the spot!

After beheading Dao Yun's father and son, Mu Ling's clone looked in the direction where the jade talisman Lingguang escaped, his eyes showing surprise.

He vaguely felt that the aura was nothing special!

Thinking of this, he dodged and followed the aura.

That aura was extremely fast, and suddenly reached the limit level of False God.

With the talent of the S-level escape path, the wood spirit clone is infinitely close to the limit of the False God, and with the teleport assistance, it can only barely keep up with the aura!

However, the wood spirit clone was extremely curious about the aura, and did not want to give up, so he kept following it.

In this way, one person, one spiritual light, has been escaping in the direction of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

Chapter Five Hundred and Fiftieth Chapter The Sea of ​​Fog Magic Formation! Kill the dragon whale!

In this way, the wood spirit clone has been chasing the aura away.

In the blink of an eye, an hour passed.

The Mu Ling clone tracked Lingguang, traversing most of the competition area, and chasing it all the way to the sky over the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations.

At this moment, above the boundless sea.

One person and one inspiration, continue to chase each other!

In this way, the distance between the wood spirit clone and the aura actually narrowed bit by bit.

At this moment, the two sides are far apart!

The wood spirit can clearly see that a piece of jade talisman is wrapped in the golden aura, and the style is very simple, somewhat like a communication talisman.

"Communication talisman? Could it be that the Six Dao clan disciples are asking for help?"

Mu Ling muttered in his mind and body, and quickly chased after the jade talisman.

Boom!

An earth-shattering sound of breaking the air!

The flight of the wood spirit avatar stirred up the vitality, and the sky shook, and the momentum was extremely astonishing.

The distance between him and Yufu is also getting closer bit by bit!

Before I knew it, another three hours passed.

The wood spirit clone has moved far from the continent of the first division, and has gone deep into the depths of the sea of ​​​​tribulations.

At this moment, he is four or five hours away from Longyuan Base Camp.

Of course, this is based on his speed.

If it is the speed of a demigod powerhouse, I am afraid that it will take a day and a night to reach this place.

And the distance between the wood spirit clone and the jade talisman is only more than a thousand feet, and the hope of catching up with the jade talisman is getting bigger and bigger.

But at this moment, Mu Ling's clone saw the sea in front of him, and a large white fog appeared, stretching for thousands of miles, and the end could not be seen at a glance.

Those white mists are extremely thick, making it impossible to see what's inside the fog!

call out!

I saw a flash of gold!

The jade talisman instantly disappeared into the sea of ​​fog and disappeared.

Mu Ling quickly dodged and followed into the sea of ​​fog.

As soon as he entered the sea of ​​fog, he found a vast expanse of white around him, which made people lose their way in an instant, and couldn't tell the difference between east, west, north and west.

As for the jade talisman, there is no trace of it!

Soon, he discovered that the white fog around him should be a restraining method, which could confuse people's five senses, and even swallow people's consciousness.

If the soul power of the wood spirit clone was not strong enough, it would have fallen into an illusion.

In fact, the psychedelic effect of that sea of ​​fog is great!

Even if a demigod powerhouse breaks in, he will instantly fall into an illusion.

The wood spirit clone is fine!

However, he had lost his sense of direction in the sea of ​​fog, let alone chasing the jade talisman.

"What a powerful illusion of the sea of ​​fog! Did I break into some powerful forbidden place?"

Mu Ling was distracted and moved!

SSS-level nine consciousness awakening!

Instant start!

In the next second, his eyes squeaked for a while, instantly breaking all the psychedelics of the fog, and suddenly he could see the surroundings more clearly.

Even, his eyes penetrated the heavy white fog, and saw a ray of golden light, which was rapidly flying into the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog.

It was that jade talisman!

The wood spirit clone is about to chase again!

But at this moment, two screams sounded from the depths of the thick fog!

"Hey! The phantom fog formation is actually ineffective against him!"

Mu Ling's clone was startled, and quickly followed the sound

Before he could see clearly, another cold drink came from the direction of the voice.

"He Fangxiao? How dare you break into the forbidden area of ​​my master!"

Boom!

As soon as the voice fell, the sea of ​​fog in front of him rolled violently, and then two arrogant figures walked out.

One is a black-robed old man, and the other is a white-haired old woman, both of whom have reached the pinnacle of demigods.

The pinnacle of demigods!

In any competition area, it is a patriarch-level existence of mysterious forces.

There are two here!

Aura lit up in the eyes of the wood spirit clone, and the eyes of the Dao peeped towards the black-robed old man.

[Human]: Servant of the Hidden One

[Realm]: The pinnacle of demigods

[Level]: Level 73

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Characteristic]: Reincarnation Immortal

[Origin]: A servant of a hider.

what!

Servant of the Hidden One?

Could it be that there is a hider in this sea of ​​fog!

The wood spirit avatar's eyes lit up involuntarily.

What is a hider?

That is, those who are hidden in every corner of the world, who have survived several sessions of hegemony and are invincible, and whose realm has reached the False God realm or above.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

According to the rules of Heaven, the challenger who kills the hider will not only be rewarded with attributes, points, and energy points, but also with prestige rewards.

Prestige is the most difficult to obtain for Qin Feng today.

With his current realm and strength, only by killing beasts above the demigod realm can he obtain prestige rewards.

But in this Blue Star Realm, demigod beasts are too rare, and it is too difficult to meet one!