Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

And Qin Feng's promotion to the title of Sky Surveyor is only 180 points of prestige.

I don't know what kind of strength is the hider hiding in this foggy sea?

If you kill him, you will not only gain a lot of attributes, but also gain a lot of prestige for the main body!

For example, the ancestor of the Six Paths is also a hider. After killing him, the main body will gain 300 reputation.

In other words, there is a lot of prestige to kill the hiders.

Thinking of this, Mu Ling's clone was a little moved.

Then, he looked away at the white-haired old woman beside him.

Sure enough, he is also a servant of a hider, and his realm is also the pinnacle of demigods.

At the same time, the two old men were also looking at the wood spirit clone.

"Hey! It's just a heavenly realm!"

The old man was a little surprised!

The white-haired old woman was also surprised: "Yes! I thought it was a peak demigod who came in, but I didn't expect that it was just a heaven-level ant!"

The old man frowned: "Weird! Weird! How can a ant in the heavenly realm resist the confusion of the phantom fog formation? You know, even if the demigod realm will be recruited, only a few demigod peaks can withstand it!"

The two were there whispering in very low voices.

They thought that the wood spirit clone could not hear it, but they were actually heard clearly by the wood spirit clone.

"Hey! This guy is actually a challenger!"

At this time, the old man finally discovered the identity of the wood spirit clone, and his eyes showed surprise.

The challengers are basically within the land, and it is rare to see the challengers far away from the land and come to the depths of this sea of ​​calamities!

"Huh! Really! It's a pity!"

The old woman sighed regretfully.

The old man also smiled bitterly: "Yeah! It's a pity! The master can no longer participate in the point competition, and I, as the master's servant, can't participate! Otherwise, if we kill this kid, we can get a lot of points!"

The old woman sighed again: "Yeah! Points can be exchanged for a lot of resources from Tiandao. Unfortunately, we don't have this opportunity!"

This time, the voices of the two of them were not small, and there was no intention of concealing them, so they chatted on their own.

This clearly did not take the wood spirit clone into consideration!

In fact, they really didn't see the wood spirit clone in their eyes.

A heavenly challenger!

In their eyes, they are not much stronger than ants.

If they hadn't been able to participate in the competition for points and rashly attacked the challenger, they would have their 300-star combat power deducted by Tiandao as a punishment!

300-star combat power!

For the two of them, it is neither too much nor too little, and they are not willing to lose easily.

Seeing that the two of them were talking self-righteously, Mu Ling's clone didn't take himself seriously at all.

And that jade talisman had already escaped into the depths of the thick fog and disappeared.

He is also a little impatient!

Immediately, he said: "The two of you are tracking a jade talisman, you two seem to be blocking it?"

The old man Hei Wing looked at the wood spirit clone coldly.

"It's just to obstruct, what can you do?! Humph! This place is the forbidden area of ​​my master, how can you wait for Xiao Xiao to break in!"

Black Wing's tone is extremely domineering!

Mu Ling's clone frowned: "I don't know who your master is? Where is he?"

The old woman Baihe also sneered: "Boy! Who is my master, do you and other ants have the qualifications to know? If you don't want to die, Ma Shan will go to me!"

The words of the old woman Baihe were even more harsh!

The wood spirit clone was very unhappy. Since he couldn't find out the details of the person behind the scenes, he could only try it himself.

But without waiting for all his actions, the old lady Baihe became impatient!

"Boy! I told you to get out! How dare you hesitate for a second! Since you want to die so much, don't leave! Leave your life behind today!"

This is so arrogant!

The Mu Ling clone was speechless!

I don't know who is looking for death?

Two demigods at their peak!

Do you really think you can kill yourself?

These two guys are only afraid that they are used to bullying others on weekdays, so they will be so arrogant and domineering!

Before Mu Ling's clone could speak, the black wing couldn't help but reminded in a low voice.

"Sister Baihe, killing this kid will deduct 300-star combat power! Why do you lose your combat power for such an ant!"

But she didn't want to, the old woman Baihe smiled proudly: "Brother Heiyi, kill this heaven-level ant, why should I wait for the shot! To be honest, when I communicated with you just now, I secretly contacted the old man's pet! It's already here! "

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, there was not yet under the sea of ​​​​fog, and suddenly the waves were raging!

In the next second, a giant blue fish with a length of 10,000 meters burst out of the sea, and instantly soared into the sky, bringing down the rain!

The wood spirit clone quickly looked up and saw that the giant fish was like a whale or a shark, with black sharp horns on its head, full of sharp teeth, and an extremely hideous face!

[Ferocious Beast]: Ashen Horned Dragon Whale (Supreme Grade)

[Level]: Level 63

[Boundary]: The initial stage of demigods

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ?

[Characteristics]: Battle Pet

what!

The beasts of the early demigods!

The wood spirit avatar's eyes lit up involuntarily!

A beast of a demigod!

If you kill it, you will gain prestige!

This is something that can't be found!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Master, why did you summon Ashen Horn?!"

As soon as the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale appeared, he looked at the old woman and spit out human words in a loud voice.

"Ashen Horn! Kill this human being!"

The old woman Baihe pointed at the wood spirit clone.

The Ashen Horned Dragon Whale hurriedly turned his head, and his blood-red eyes fell on Mu Ling's body.

The next second, its mouth cracked open, revealing a hideous smile.

"It turned out to be a human at the realm of heaven! Master, can I eat him? Cangjiao has not tasted the taste of a heavenly human for a long time!"

The old woman Baihe smiled and said, "You can eat him if you want! However, his storage ring has to be spit out. The old man is very curious if there are any rare treasures in this challenger's storage ring!"

The Ashen Horned Dragon Whale was overjoyed: "Master, don't worry! I only eat his meat and have no interest in his storage ring!"

Then, it looked at the wood spirit clone again.

"Heavenly human! I haven't eaten it for a long time!"

As the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale spoke, the corners of his mouth were drooling, and he looked drooling, disgusting!

The wood spirit clone sneered endlessly!

Up to now, he has seen that the old lady Baihe never thought of letting him go from beginning to end, otherwise she would not have contacted the pet in secret.

This old woman's heart is so dark!

At this moment, Heiyi also praised: "Sister Baihe, you are still thoughtful! We will be punished by Heaven if we take action. But your pet is a beast, it will not be punished for killing humans. of."

"What's even better is that if you kill this human being, the old lady can get his storage ring, which can be said to kill two birds with one stone! Haha!"

The old woman Baihe looked proud: "To tell the truth, the storage ring of the mere heaven-level realm is not seen by the old man. But this guy dares to break into the forbidden area of ​​the master, **** it! Cangjiao, don't hesitate, let's do it!"

Hearing this, the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale looked down at the wood spirit clone and opened his mouth with a playful expression.

"Human, if you don't resist obediently! Let this deity swallow you, and this deity can make you die quickly! If you dare to resist, this deity will bite you into pieces and let you die in pain! You choose! "

That aloof tone seems to have settled on the wood spirit clone.

The old woman Baihe and Heiyi also showed their expressions of watching a good show!

The wood spirit clone sneered: "You bastard! It's really shameless!"

The dragon whale was furious: "Looking for death!"

boom!

In the next second, the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale slaughtered towards the Mu Ling clone!

What it hates most in its life is that others call it a 'bad animal'!

How dare this human call it a beast!

It must tear this human to shreds!

Boom!

In the blink of an eye, the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale rushed forward, its **** mouth opened wide, revealing a mouth full of sharp teeth!

Suddenly, the wind was blowing, it was disgusting!

Seeing, the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale is about to bite!

The old woman Baihe blushed with excitement!

She enjoyed it very much, when her pet killed someone, the scene of red blood flowing out.

That kind of scene will make her inexplicably excited!

call!

At this moment, the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale closed its mouth and bit the head of Mu Ling's clone.

It was at this moment that Mu Ling's clone shot!

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

With just one strike, the wood spirit clone split the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale into two halves, and he couldn't die any longer!

The old woman Baihe was instantly stunned!

Even Hei Wing on the side was dumbfounded, his mouth wide open!

They never thought that a heaven-level challenger would kill a beast at the early stage of demigod with a single strike.

Normally, it should be the first instant of a demigod to kill the heavenly level!

hum!

Before they could think about it, a white light flew out from the body of the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale and disappeared into the void.