Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

That is to feed Qin Feng away!

At the same time, Mu Ling's clone also got a hint from Heaven.

[You succeeded in killing the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale (early demigod), and your body gained +4 billion energy points. 】

[You successfully killed the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale (the initial stage of the demigod), and your body has gained +80 reputation. 】

[You successfully killed the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale (early stage of demigods), and a mythical treasure chest (ninth order) was exploded. 】

The eyes of Mu Ling's clone lit up!

nice!

Killing this Ashen Horned Dragon Whale actually gave the body 80 reputation.

In this way, the reputation of his body has reached 5900 points, and he is only 100 points away from the goal of 6000 points.

In addition, he also exploded a mythical treasure chest.

This is a nice bonus, dragon!

It was at this moment that the old lady Baihe finally reacted!

She suddenly roared in grief and anger: "Little thief! Give me back the life of my pet!"

boom!

The next second, she held a dragon head scepter in her hand and slaughtered towards the Mu Ling clone.

Seeing that the dragon head scepter exudes nine rays of brilliance, it is actually a ninth-order weapon, which is quite suitable for Granny Feng Qi to use.

At the same time, Hei Wing held a silver spear and slaughtered it.

That silver spear also exudes nine brilliance, which is also a ninth-order weapon.

The Mu Ling clone felt that the long spear was also suitable for Elder Qishan to use.

In the blink of an eye, the two were dead close

Chapter Five Hundred and Fifty-Seven Heavenly Palms! Come home full!

Swish!

The old woman Baihe smashed down with a stick!

The fighting power of the peak of the demigod was revealed in an instant, and it suddenly reached 800,000 stars.

click! click! click!

Where the stick wind passed, the white mist rolled violently, and the void shattered inch by inch!

boom!

At the same moment, Hei Wing also shot at the chest of Mu Ling's avatar, and the combat power burst out, and suddenly reached 700,000 stars.

Under the joint efforts of the two, the momentum is earth-shattering and the power is unmatched!

Even the pinnacle of demigods has to retreat!

In the blink of an eye, the attack of the two approached, and they were about to hit the wood spirit clone!

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Mu Ling's clone shot!

The ten thousand zhang sword light rises into the sky again!

when! when!

Two golden and iron symphony!

The scepter and spear were knocked out!

The sword of the wood spirit clone continued to slash down!

Click! Click!

Two more bangs!

Blood splashes!

The shrill screams echoed in the sea of ​​​​fog!

With just one sword, the wood spirit clone beheaded the two old women Baihe!

The old woman Baihe didn't realize the horror of Mu Ling's clone until the last moment of death!

call!

Finally killed the two noisy guys!

With a wave of the wood spirit clone, he sucked the scepter and spear not far away in front of him.

[Night Night Scepter: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

[Streamer Spear: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

good! good!

Two high-rank ninth-rank weapons!

This is a great catch!

Of course, he can't use it anymore, and neither can Feng Xi's three daughters, but it can be used by Granny Feng Qi and Elder Qishan.

This is very beneficial for Granny Feng Qi and Elder Qishan to complete the Heavenly Grade Exam!

Having said that, Qin Feng has already made arrangements for the next action.

After Longyuan Town completes the S-level task, the next task is to unify the first division.

After Long Yuan's unification, most of the disciples' level is estimated to have risen to level 40.

At that time, the children who have reached the required level should go to participate in the Tianwu assessment and be promoted to the heavenly realm.

Qin Feng's goal is to build Long Yuan into a realm of gods. Naturally, he wants all of Long Yuan's disciples to be like dragons, and every 347 can be promoted to the realm of heaven.

Thinking of this, the Mu Ling clone satisfactorily put away the two weapons.

At this time, he suddenly realized that something was wrong!

How did you kill the two old women Baihe, and there was no inspiration to feed back?

Wasn't it a complete kill?

Or

Mu Ling's clone remembered that when he spied on the information of the two old women, he had the characteristic of immortality in reincarnation.

Reincarnation is immortal!

Isn't that the nature of the Messenger of Judgment?

Thinking of this, the wood spirit avatar realized something, waved his hand quickly, and shot out two golden lights...

boom! boom!

Two explosions!

The corpses of the two old women Baihe were blasted into two blood mists by him!

Then, he waved again

call out! call out!

Two storage rings flew from the blood mist, which belonged to the two old women Baihe.

The Mu Ling clone grabbed the two storage rings and put them away.

"He Fangxiao? Someone who dares to touch the deity!"

But at this moment, in the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog, an earth-shattering roar sounded!

As soon as the roar came out, the entire Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations trembled violently, extremely shocking!

The Mu Ling clone realized that it was not good, turned around quickly, and put away the mythical treasure chest that the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale exploded.

Then, he put away the body of the Ashen Horned Dragon Whale.

This is a fierce beast in the demigod realm, and its bone material is at the supreme level. It is one of the main materials for upgrading to level 3 to guard the altar, and it is also a rare material that can be encountered but not sought after!

Boom!

Only then did the wooden spirit clone collect the dragon whale corpse, and within the sea of ​​fog, there was an earth-shattering roar.

Mu Ling turned around and looked, and saw a big hand covering the sky, like pouring gold, with golden light all over his body, rushing out from the depths of the foggy sea, and shooting directly at him!

click! click! click!Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

That big hand that is open to the sky, the momentum is shocking!

Wherever he passed, all the voids were broken, the laws were disordered, and even the time and space were trembling!

In the blink of an eye, that palm came close, and its combat power suddenly reached 9 million stars.

9 million stars!

This proper False God's ultimate combat power!

The wood spirit clone is horrified!

How could he dare to despise him, he immediately attacked the giant palm with all his strength!

hum!

At that moment, the Killing Star Sword also lit up the sky!

The power of various top laws is superimposed on that sword!

Today, Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 5.22 million stars, the power of the combination is 1.2 million stars, and the comprehensive combat power is 6.42 million stars.

The combat power of the wood spirit clone is 80% of the main body, so it reaches about 5.14 million stars, plus the feedback of the upper and lower grade Divine Sword, that is, 5.34 million stars, the peak level of the virtual god.

But in front of this palm, he is not an opponent at all!

In the blink of an eye, the palms and swords collided!

That palm easily swept away the Killing Star Sword, and continued to shoot down the Mu Ling clone!

hum!

At the critical moment, Mu Ling's whole body was full of qi and blood, illuminating the sky with red light!

click! click! click!

In just an instant, his muscles were knotted all over his body, and his body swelled in a circle!

Heavenly hegemony!

Activate instantly!

boom!

A dull bang!

That palm slapped **** the chest of the wood spirit clone!

In the next second, the Mu Ling clone groaned in pain, vomited blood and rolled over, flying tens of thousands of feet!

That palm actually cracked his flesh, with fine cracks all over his body, and all the blood seeped out, making him a **** man!

"Hey! He didn't die?!"

In the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog, a very surprised voice came out!

The person behind the scenes did not seem to have expected that the whole body of the wood spirit clone was so tough that it actually held his palm.

You must know that his palm is the peak of the ordinary False God, and it will be shot!

While this surprised the people behind the scenes, there was also some annoyance!

The man thought that he could kill the wood spirit clone with just one palm, so he didn't go out, he only used the magic image outside his body and bombarded it from the air.

Only in this way, that palm only exerted 70% of his combat power.