Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Otherwise, with a single palm of his hand, he can definitely kill the wood spirit clone in seconds!

damn it!

Couldn't kill it with one palm!

Then another slap!

Boom!

The big hand that reached the sky again slapped the wood spirit clone wildly!

In the blink of an eye, the big hand reached the sky above the head of the wood spirit clone.

The complexion of Mu Ling's clone changed greatly!

At this moment, his whole body was cracked and his injuries were serious, he couldn't bear the second blow at all!

That being the case, if you don't run away at this time, when will you wait?

With a single thought, the wood spirit clone cast a space reverse summon, instantly turned into white light, and disappeared out of thin air!

boom!

That slap in the sky, suddenly shot in the air!

Only the sea cracked and the world collapsed!

That scene was terrifying!

"Hey! It's gone!"

The next second, in the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog, there was a sound of surprise again!

That big hand froze in the air!

It seems to be looking for a wood spirit clone!

At this time, the wood spirit clone had already returned to the Longyuan station, which was extremely far away from this foggy sea area.

How could the person behind the scenes be found?

Searched for a while, but found nothing!

In the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog, an earth-shattering roar suddenly came out!

"Damn little thief! He escaped!"

That tone was full of endless regret!

The person behind the scenes was annoyed that he was too careless!

If he hadn't underestimated the enemy, he would have slapped that kid to death long ago!

It's better now, that kid escaped!

His two messengers were killed once in vain.

In fact, he was also at the critical moment of retreat, and it was inconvenient to come out.

If it wasn't for the wood spirit clone to kill his two messengers, he wouldn't take it lightly.

Now it's good, his retreat was interrupted, and he couldn't even think of it!

After the anger, the depths of the sea of ​​fog returned to calm!

The big hand that pierced the sky automatically shattered and turned into a sky full of stars.

Afterwards, a white light flashed in the field, and a white-robed old man with white beard and white hair appeared. His expression was extremely majestic, and his temperament was also supremely noble.

As soon as the old man appeared, he looked around, his eyes were filled with blood mist, and a thick smell of blood wafted in the air.

Seeing this scene, the old man's face became even gloomier.

Afterwards, he pinched a seal in his hand!

hum! hum!

Two beeps!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Countless blood-colored light spots gathered into two human figures, and finally turned into the old woman Baihe and Heiyi.

The two are resurrected!

"Owner!"

With this resurrection, the two hurriedly saluted the white-haired old man.

Afterwards, Hei Wing hurriedly asked: "Master, where is that little thief? Did you kill him already!"

The old woman Baihe sneered: "Why don't you ask? With the master's strength, he must have killed the little thief with one palm!"

But she didn't want to, as soon as her words fell, the white-haired old man's face sank.

"The little thief escaped!"

"what!"

The two black wings were shocked!

Some can't believe their ears!

I thought I heard it wrong!

"Master, with your strength, how can the little thief escape?"

The old woman Baihe still couldn't believe it.

The white-haired old man said solemnly, "It's the old man who was careless! I didn't expect that the little thief had super-long-distance space means, and that's how he escaped."

"That's it! Hey! It's not good! Master, my subordinate Mingye Scepter and Storage Ring are gone!"

"Master, the streamer gun and storage ring are also gone!"

The white-haired old man sighed: "Hey! The old man was careless! Your treasures were all stolen by that little thief!"

As soon as these words fell, the mourning of the two black wings sounded in the field!

This is a huge loss for them!

The white-haired old man also felt very shameless!

Afterwards, he took out another jade talisman, which was the jade talisman that the wood spirit clone had tracked down.

"This 10,000-mile warning sign was sent by my junior brother! It seems that something happened to the old master's junior brother!"

Speaking of which, the white-haired old man's face was a little gloomy.

It turns out that he is the elder brother of the Sixth Dao Patriarch——Reincarnation Patriarch!

As soon as the reincarnation ancestor said this, the two black wings were greatly surprised.

"What?! Something happened to Uncle Liudao?"

"No way?! With his strength, who can deal with him?"

Ancestor of Samsara said solemnly: "As soon as my junior brother falls, the page of the gods of this world (top) will definitely fall into the hands of others. Don't talk too much, go back with me to discuss important matters!"

"Yes!"

Immediately, the three of them turned around and entered the depths of the sea of ​​​​fog and disappeared without a trace.

At the same time, hundreds of millions of miles away.

In the zero-degree space, that secret room.

Qin Feng has already condensed the six major divine seals, and has also refined the pages of the gods of the present world (Part 1).

Now, all he has left is the divine artifact, and the fusion has not yet been completed.

At this moment, he is taking the final step of fusion.

call out!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and Mu Ling appeared covered in blood.

In the next second, Mu Ling's whole body lit up with blue light, and the cracked wound on his body recovered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In just a moment, the wood spirit clone completely recovered, and the momentum reached its peak again.

At this moment, a white light flashed on Qin Feng's body, and a fission body was separated.

The wood spirit clone quickly took out two storage rings, handed them over to the fission body, and teleported away again.

Mu Ling's avatar and Qin Feng are different bodies and concentric, everything does not need to communicate with words, they are originally one person.

But he said that the fission body, after getting two storage rings, checked it in the storage ring.

After a while, his eyes lit up, showing shock.

It turned out that the two storage rings belonged to the two black wings.

Qin Feng's fission body was found in the storage ring, and the owner of the big hand is the ancestor of reincarnation.

Moreover, he also knew from it, the terrifying strength of the reincarnation ancestor!

"I didn't expect it! The strength of the reincarnation ancestor is so strong!"

The fission body couldn't help sighing in his heart!

Chapter Five Hundred and Fifty Eighth Heaven Surveying Divine Wings! Title promotion!

From the information in the storage ring, Qin Feng's fission body has been known, and the realm of the reincarnation ancestor has reached the limit of the virtual god.

It can be used as the Supreme Judge, and its methods cannot be reasoned with common sense!

Now the reincarnation ancestor is retreating, breaking the curse of the Judgment God Domain, and has reached the final critical moment.

As long as the reincarnation ancestor successfully breaks the curse, he can use various vocation skills just like the normal Supreme Judgment.

For example, in the six prisons, his attack power can be increased by 30% for every additional prison.

The six prisons are collected, but it is not only 1.8 times, but directly doubles the attack power increase.

This is the real Six Prison Suppression, the power is extremely terrifying!

At that time, the strength of the reincarnation ancestor is comparable to that of the true god.

The combat power of the threshold of the True God Realm is 14 million.

And the reincarnation ancestor successfully broke the curse, and the combat power will exceed this threshold line, which is even more terrifying!

The more Qin Feng's fission body thinks, the more uneasy it becomes!

With Qin Feng's current strength, he is not an opponent when he encounters the threshold of the True God Realm, let alone an ancestor of Samsara who is stronger than the threshold of the True God Realm.

Of course, the ancestors of reincarnation must break the curse before they can be compared to the real **** realm.

Today, the curse of the ancestors of reincarnation has not been broken, and they have not achieved such strength for the time being.

From a piece of information in the old woman's storage ring, it can be seen that it will take ten days and a half months for the reincarnation ancestor to break the curse.

During this period, the reincarnation ancestor would not take it lightly.

After all, for the reincarnation ancestor, breaking the curse is his current top priority.

In other words, in the second round of points competition, the reincarnation ancestors will not participate.

There is a high probability that he will shoot in the third round!

From the current information, it can be seen that tens of thousands of years ago, the ancestor of reincarnation established a large clan in the seventh division called the reincarnation clan.

In the third round of points competition, the Samsara clan will definitely participate.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt pressure in his heart.

His goal is to gain the position of the star master candidate in the third round of points competition.

Now that the existence of the ancestors of reincarnation, it is not easy to win the third round!

In short, he is now too far behind the strength of the reincarnation ancestor.

If he wants to win in the third round, he must raise his strength to the threshold of True God Realm, then there is only a glimmer of hope.

Even if it is the threshold of the true **** realm, it may not be as good as the reincarnation ancestor.

But Qin Feng's advantage is that he has many talents, and he can beat the ancestors of Samsara by crushing the same level.