Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

In addition to the above information, Qin Feng's fission variant also learned that there are ten messengers under the reincarnation ancestor, all of them are the existence of the peak of demigods.

These are bad news!

However, he also received favorable news.

That is, the ancestors of reincarnation sacrificed the vocation skill - the body of two ceremonies in order to break the curse of the gods.

The reincarnation ancestor who did not have the body of two ceremonies reduced the difficulty of killing.

call out!

Thinking of this, the fission body turned into a white light and returned to Qin Feng's body!

Boom!

At this moment, the sky was shocked!

The Wings of Anti-God and the Heavenly Prison Shield in the air have merged into one.

A bigger God Wing has appeared!

It blooms with divine light, illuminating the entire secret room!

Qin Feng opened his eyes excitedly and looked at the God Wing in front of him.

[Surveying the Heavens Divine Wings: A mid-grade divine rank, a divine artifact, made from the fusion of 10 divine divine artefacts]

[Incidental skills: God Feather Arrow Formation, group attack type]

[Incidental skills: surveying the sky and moving, mobile]

[Surveying the sky and moving: You can move to the outside of the planet in a single thought, ignoring the planet's enchantment]

[Reminder: The limit of movement is no more than one billion miles around the planet, and the skill cooldown time is 10 minutes]

[Reminder: There are ten kinds of transforming forms of the God Wing, including knives, swords, spears, shields, etc.]

call!

The fusion is finally complete!

Qin Feng stood up happily.

After the ten heaven-suppressing artifacts were fused, they obtained a sky-suppressing artifact—the divine wings.

Of course, this divine wing is only one of the ten forms of the divine artifact.

It can also be turned into a weapon, armor, shield, and it can be used infinitely!

Presumably the same is true of the anti-sky artifacts in other regions!

Everything changes according to the needs of the holder!

What's even better is that this divine artifact has reached the mid-level **** level, and can feed back 400,000 stars!

This is 150,000 stars more than before, which makes Qin Feng extremely satisfied!

In addition, this Heaven Surveying Divine Wing also comes with a 'Sky Surveying Movement' skill. I wonder if other heaven-suppressing artifacts also have this skill?

This skill is very useful!

In the future, when he goes beyond the starry sky, he does not need to go through the stargate.

As long as he thought about it, he could instantly move to the starry sky.

Then it would be convenient for him to go to Red Moon Star, Blue Moon Star, and Blue Moon Star in the future.

The Lingtian Temple, which participated in the Tianwu assessment, was on the Red Moon Star.

The Temple of Creation that participated in the Shenwu assessment was on the Blue Moon Star.

The Divine Martial Assessment is divided into the Divine Martial Assessment and the Superior Divine Martial Assessment.

The next Shenwu assessment is to be promoted to the demigod realm, and the minimum level is 60.

The upper Shenwu assessment is an assessment for promotion to the False God realm, and the minimum level is 70.

There are very few people who are qualified to participate in the Shenwu assessment, so the two types of assessments are placed in the same temple.

Qin Feng is now at level 59, and he can participate in the next Shenwu assessment after one more level.

However, he did not plan to participate in the next Shenwu assessment after level 60.

In essence, both the demigod realm and the virtual **** realm belong to the god-level realm!

Tiandao encourages players to complete the lower and upper Shenwu assessments at one time, and will give additional rewards.

It is rumored that the extra reward is extremely rich!

Unfortunately, very few people can do it. After being promoted to the demigod realm, they have the ability to pass the examination of the upper gods and be promoted to the virtual **** realm.

If you want to get that extra reward, it is rare to see it in a million years!

In fact, many players are promoted to the demigod realm, which is the limit of their life.

Not to mention, in one breath, from the realm of heaven, he was continuously promoted to the realm of False God.

They didn't even dare to think about the extra prize of that day!

But Qin Feng wants to try it!

He has that power too!

Therefore, he intends to go to create a temple after he reaches level 70, participate in the lower and upper Shenwu assessments in succession, and win the extra reward of the Heavenly Dao.

Only in this way can he maximize his own interests!

Of course, that's all for later!

correct!

It's time to try out the effect of this divine wing!

As soon as Qin Feng's mind moved, the Heavenly Survey Divine Wing poured into his body.

boom!

In the next second, a pair of huge divine wings grew out of his back, the whole body was golden, the roots of the divine feathers were visible, with their own metallic luster, exuding an extraordinary aura!

hum!

Immediately afterwards, the divine light of the wings was released, and it merged with Qin Feng's breath!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed all the way!

From 6.42 million stars in one fell swoop, it skyrocketed to 6.82 million stars, and it really gave back 400,000 stars.

Qin Feng is very happy!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

His current basic combat power is 5.22 million stars, the power of the way is 1.2 million stars, and the comprehensive combat power is naturally 6.42 million stars.

Now, with this Heavenly Survey God Wing, it is naturally 6.82 million stars.

Of course, this is not his strongest state!

Thinking of this, white light flashed on Qin Feng's body, and there was an extra low-grade sword in his hand - the Sword of Xing Zhu!

There is an additional silver armor on the body - the air-splitting armor!

boom! boom!

His momentum skyrocketed again and again!

In a blink of an eye, it reached 7.12 million stars!

7.12 million stars!

Just reached the threshold of the virtual **** limit!

The combat power range of False God Limit is 7 million stars to 10 million stars.

good! good!

The strength has increased a lot!

Qin Feng was very satisfied!

However, this is far from the goal in his heart!

His goal is to reach the threshold of True God Realm, which is 14 million stars.

Only with that kind of combat power can he hope to deal with the ancestors of reincarnation.

But he is only 7.12 million stars, and he is 14 million stars away, and he has lost half of his combat power. The gap is very large!

However, the sacrifices of Qin Feng and Feng Xi's three daughters were not counted.

And Jumang and Dijiang have not yet been born.

When the third round of points competition begins, these two little guys should be born.

At that time, he will be closer to the threshold of the True God Realm.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

At this moment, a Heavenly Dao announcement suddenly resounded throughout the entire Blue Star.

[Blue Star Announcement: In the first competition area, Longyuan Mayor Qin Feng has successfully condensed the first 'Suppressing Heaven Artifact' and received +300 Prestige Rewards]

[Reminder: The first place to condense the divine artifact will get 300 reputation points, the second place will get 100 reputation points, and the third place has no reputation reward]

0

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Blue Star was instantly shocked!

Oh my God!

Heaven-suppressing artifact!

This second round of points hegemony is only the first day, and some forces have condensed the divine artifact.

This speed is too fast!

What kind of existence is Qin Feng?

Also, what kind of power is Longyuan Town?

Mysterious forces? Guardian force? Challenge the forces?

No matter what power it is, there must be a powerful hider behind it!

Otherwise, Qin Feng could not have obtained the divine artifact so quickly.

Is it easy for the ten mysterious forces to join forces?

If you want to fight one against ten, without absolute crushing potential, it is difficult to obtain the divine artifact.

At this moment, countless forces in the Blue Star Realm were extremely shocked, and everyone was speculating about the origin of Longyuan Town.

And those surviving challenge forces are even more shocked!

They naturally know that Longyuan Town is a challenge force!

Even, they all know that Longyuan Town is a force established by the people of the Dragon Kingdom!

For a moment, those Baipi, Asan, Sakurawa, and Bangzi who were distributed in various competition areas felt like a dream.

On the Blue Star, the people of Longguo who were jointly oppressed by them have such terrifying achievements in this world!

is it possible? !

You know, they can't even handle a guardian force, let alone touch the mysterious force.

Dragon people?

How did they do that? !

correct!

Qin Feng!

Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan, what kind of existence is he? !

At this moment, it is even more difficult for the white skins remaining in the competition areas to accept.

They always thought that their white skin was the best race on the Blue Star, how could they lose to the people of the Dragon Kingdom?