Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Although they tampered with history, made up history, and tried to discredit the people of Longguo!

Even if they know that their white skin IQ is not as good as that of the people of Longguo, they somehow feel that they are better!

Who gave them the right to speak on the Blue Star?

They can say whatever they want!

But in this world, the previous advantage of the right to speak is gone, and everything is based on strength.

But reality hit their faces!

The skin is blown off!

At the same moment, the guarding forces and mysterious forces in each competition area were equally shocked in the bottom of my heart!

too fast!

This is really fast!

This second round of points competition is only the first day!

This Qin Feng has condensed the heaven-suppressing artifact!

According to previous records, the fastest one was on the third day of the second round to condense the divine artifact.

This Qin Feng is much faster than that person!

These thoughts came to me, and there was another announcement from Tiandao.

[Bluestar Announcement: Qin Feng, Mayor of Longyuan, broke the record in the history of the Bluestar Realm, and won the record-breaking reward]

[Reward Content 1: Get +200,000-star combat power reward! 】

[Reward Content 1: Get +500 Prestige! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan cheered and was extremely excited!

All the children are happy for Qin Feng!

In the ten major competition areas, all the leaders of the forces couldn't help but envy him!

Of course, some of these powerful forces feel jealous and unhappy, and some are not convinced!

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng is also full of surprises!

He didn't expect that he just condensed the divine artifact, and actually won 800 reputation points and 200,000 star rewards!

What a surprise!

hum!

Before he could think about it, a golden reward beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped him.

In the next second, his momentum skyrocketed wildly!

Qin Feng closed his eyes comfortably, enjoying the pleasure of getting stronger!

In a blink of an eye, his reward is over!

Its basic combat power has risen to 5.42 million stars in one fell swoop, and its comprehensive combat power has reached 7.32 million stars, which has skyrocketed by a lot!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: It was detected that your reputation has reached 6700 points, which is the standard for promotion to 'Sky Surveyor']

【Your title is being promoted】

Chapter Five Hundred and Fiftieth Chapter Sky Survey Opportunity! Town rules!

[Title promotion is successful! 】

[Congratulations on your new title - Sky Surveyor! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Sky Surveyor' and the blessing of 300,000-star combat power! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Sky Surveyor', you will get 5 times the luck value reward. 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Sky Surveyor', your 'Sky Surveyor' can be used twice in a row within ten minutes. 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Sky Surveyor' and a Sky Survey Chance Order. 】

Boom!

The sky shakes!

A golden beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's body

In the next second, his momentum soared wildly!

Qin Feng couldn't help but close his eyes and enjoy the thrill of the skyrocketing combat power.

After a long time, the golden light dissipated!

The battle power reward is over!

His basic combat power has skyrocketed to 5.72 million stars, and his comprehensive combat power has risen to 7.62 million stars!

hum!

Immediately afterwards, another milky white light beam fell, instantly pouring into Qin Feng's head.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

That refreshing and wonderful feeling spreads all over the body again!

After a while, the luck bonus ends!

Qin Feng's luck value reached 46 times, which is 46 times the average luck value of all beings.

This is another invisible progress!

Having said that, if you get the title of Sky Surveyor, you will have luck rewards!

It can be seen that the way of heaven is partial to the surveyors.

Why survey the sky?

It means to patrol for the sky!

Heavenly Dao will naturally have a bias towards such existences.

hum!

At this time, another reward beam fell!

A purple-gold token slowly fell along the beam of light

After a while, the token came to Qin Feng.

[Sky Survey Chance Order: Enter the second floor of the Holy Land, activate this order, and you have the opportunity to obtain a Sky Survey Chance in the Holy Land. 】

[Task reward: After the chance task is completed, your joint path can be promoted to a sky-scanning joint path. 】

[Mission reminder: The power of the sky-scanning-level combination is 2 million stars. 】

[Task reminder: Only in the heavenly realm can this task be accepted. Beyond the realm of heaven, the chance disappears automatically. 】

After reading the prompt, Qin Feng smiled.

Sky Surveying Rank!

2 million star combat power!

This is 800,000 stars higher than his current Emperor Domination and God-killing-level He Dao!

From this, it can be seen that not everyone can be qualified to become a sky surveyor.

At least you must first obtain the Emperor Domination and God-killing level.

I am afraid that among countless parallel universes, very few can obtain this level of harmony.

From another point of view, the sky surveyors are equal to the disciples of the sky, and the threshold is naturally extremely high!

However, it is not easy to be promoted to a sky-scrutiny-level joint path!

You must be in the heaven-level realm to receive such opportunities, otherwise the opportunities will disappear automatically.

This coincides with Qin Feng's plan!

Qin Feng plans to rise to level 70 and then go to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

According to the rules, the second round of points competition is over, and there is no access order reward for the second floor of the Holy Land.

After the third round of points competition is over, there will be a holy land pass reward, and you can enter the second floor of the holy land.

He just happened to advance to the Holy Land and complete the chance mission of being promoted to the heaven and the earth!

In addition, he also has an S-level ancient sword formation mission, which he also has to complete in the second floor of the Holy Land.

The task of the ancient sword formation was to search for the map of the star sword formation (a mid-grade artifact), and let it and the Zhuxing Four Swords form the Zhuxing sword formation, whose power was comparable to that of a high-grade artifact.

At that time, the two tasks can be completed together.

After the two tasks are completed, he must be level 70.

At that time, he left the Holy Land and happened to participate in the Shenwu assessment, and he was promoted continuously in one fell swoop, breaking through to the False God realm!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect!

Of course, the premise of all this is that he will be rewarded with the Holy Land Pass in the third round of points competition!

Otherwise, he can't even enter the Holy Land, let alone complete the two major tasks.

Don't think so much, this title promotion has been completed, and he has gained a lot!

By the way, after being promoted to Sky Surveyor, he also gained a benefit.

That is, within ten minutes, you can use the Sky Survey Move twice in a row.

Up to now, Qin Feng already knows that the powerhouses who have obtained the 'Suppressing Heaven Artifact' can obtain the skill of surveying the sky and moving from the Heavenly Suppressing Artifact.

But other people can only use the Sky Survey to move once within ten minutes.

He can use it twice in a row, which is also an advantage!

Maybe, this skill can be used magically at critical moments.

"Try this sky survey and move and see how it works?"

As soon as Qin Feng's heart moved, he wanted to use the Sky Survey to move.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Announcement of the competition area: Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan, has obtained the "Suppressing Heaven Artifact". From this moment on, the rules of the competition area will be changed. 】

[Competition rules: From now on, all forces in the first competition area are classified as alliances and can attack Longyuan Town]

[Rules of the game: From now on, any leader of the forces will **** the divine weapon from Qin Feng. The artifact will automatically disintegrate and re-turn into ten heaven-suppressing artifacts. 】

[Competition rules: After the second round of hegemony, if the divine artifact is still in Qin Feng’s hands, Longyuan Town will be promoted to the Suppressing Force and become the only winner in this competition area. The rest of the forces will be cursed and lose the third place. Round hegemony qualification]

[Competition rules: If Longyuan Town is successfully promoted to the Suppression Force, all Longyuan children will receive extremely generous promotion rewards]

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire competition area was shocked!

The rules of the game have changed!

All forces are forced to fight against Longyuan Town!

If they do not compete with Longyuan Town for the divine artifact, they will be punished by various curses and will lose their qualifications for the third round of points competition.

In the zero-degree space, Qin Feng smiled after listening to the prompt.

It seems that Tiandao does not want Longyuan Town to easily become a Tiantian force.

Under the threat of the curse, after all, some forces will take the risk and take the initiative to attack Longyuan Town.

However, Qin Feng didn't take it seriously at all.

With the current strength of Longyuan Town, everyone is a heaven-level combat power.