Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In addition, there are also him and the four avatars, such as False God-level combat power.

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue and other demigods are fighting power.

In his eyes, those forces were like ants, vulnerable to a single blow!

Even better, he signed a master-slave contract with all his subordinates. If there is an emergency, the four avatars can teleport over and sweep everything.

For Qin Feng, the change of this rule is not a big deal at all, it's just going through the motions!

Next, just waiting for this second round of points hegemony to end, Long Yuan was automatically promoted to the Suppression Force.

And after Long Yuan is promoted to the Suppressing Force, all the children will also receive promotion rewards.

This is something to look forward to!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

[Competition reminder: From now on, all the forces in the first division will announce the location of all the stations in Longyuan Town. 】

hum!

An invisible earth trembled!

Immediately, the positions of the sixty stations in Longyuan Town were marked with red light spots and appeared on the maps of all the forces in the first division.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and didn't take it seriously!

Then, as soon as he thought about it, he cast the sky survey and moved and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, he appeared on the starry sky hundreds of millions of miles away.

At this moment, above the starry sky.

Qin Feng looked at the bright starry sky around him comfortably, and then looked at the huge blue planet under him, and was shocked again!

The beauty of the starry sky is indescribable!

Only by witnessing it with your own eyes can you know the beauty of it.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Then, Qin Feng turned his head and looked to the side, where there was a huge black vortex, which was the gate of the starry sky in the Blue Star Realm.

It turned out that he moved directly to the star gate.

And there are two figures next to the star gate, it is the Mirage clone and Xiao Luan'er.

It turns out that the Mirage clone has been beside the star gate, waiting for Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue to exit.

Now, Xiao Luan'er has come out, and only Qiyue is still strengthening the way.

"dad!"

As soon as Xiao Luan'er saw Qin Feng, she flew over with joy.

Qin Feng turned to look at the little girl, and his eyes lit up.

I saw that after the little girl completed her union, she looked a little bigger, turned into a ten-year-old appearance, grew a head taller, and became more beautiful and lovely, a beautiful embryo.

What makes Qin Feng even more gratified is that the little girl's combat power has reached 700,000 stars, a proper demigod's peak combat power.

"Dad! I'm finished!"

Xiao Luan'er was extremely happy and ran to Qin Feng's side, acting coquettishly as always, very cute.

"Hmm! Very nice!"

Qin Feng fondly touched her little head.

"Dad, I heard the Heavenly Dao prompt that you have condensed the Heaven-suppressing Divine Artifact!"

The little guy asked excitedly again.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Xiao Luan'er said happily: "Hee hee! This is really great! Dad, you have already killed the six ancestors, and the heaven-suppressing artifact has been condensed. Why haven't we completed our S-level mission yet?"

The little guy has long learned from the Mirage clone that the six ancestors were destroyed.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "The Liudao clan and the Daluo clan have not been wiped out, so the task has not been completed. However, our people are destroying those two clans, and it should be completed soon."

Xiao Luan'er was pleasantly surprised: "That's great! When the S-level task is completed, we can get rich rewards again from Longyuan up and down, so I'm really looking forward to it!"

Immediately, the little girl said again: "By the way, Dad, after our S-level mission is completed. Next, should we rise to Longyuan City in Longyuan Town?"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "Yeah! We are now far from being promoted to Longyuan City, and the last condition is that the population reaches more than 25,000, and our Longyuan population is only more than 20,000, which is more than 4,000!"

(PS: Thanks to the readers for reminding me that I forgot to count the population of the Feng clan before. Longyuan’s current population of 5.0 has 20,000)

Xiao Luan'er smiled and said, "Dad, the mysterious forces in the first division have been wiped out by us, and there is no force that can threaten us. Next, we should be able to find our compatriots in the Dragon Kingdom to supplement our population."

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "The population problem should not be big! In addition, our site needs to continue to expand. I unlock the 50,000-star combat power feedback, and we need more than 100 sites."

"So next, Longyuan Town still needs to take the initiative to conquer the Quartet and expand our Longyuan site. It is best to unify the first competition area!"

Xiao Luan said with a smile: "Dad, we still have nine and a half days to play, enough for us to unify the entire competition area."

At this moment, the Mirage clone seemed to sense something, opened the trading channel, and took out a small note from it.

In the next second, a smile appeared on his face.

Qin Feng also smiled at the same time.

He and the clone are of the same mind, and naturally know what happened.

"Dad, is sister Qiyue coming out?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

Qin Feng nodded: "Yeah! Yue'er has already completed the combination and just came out of the examination room. After a while, she will come out of Lingtian Temple. Let's wait for her here!"

"Um!"

Xiao Luan'er happily looked in the direction of Hongyuexing, looking forward to Qiyue's return

Chapter Five Hundred and Sixtieth Chances of Star Lord Candidates

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, the first competition area was already a sensation.

After those guardian forces heard Tiandao's reminder, they held an emergency meeting one by one.

At this moment, a certain guardian force headquarters.

Several senior officials discussed.

"Patriarch, Longyuan Town has obtained the divine artifact, and the rules of the game have also changed. What should we do next? Are we going to attack Longyuan Town?"

At this moment, all the high-level leaders looked at the patriarch who was sitting in the first place.

The patriarch smiled bitterly: "Longyuan Town's performance in the last round was extremely good. This round only started, and they got the divine artifact. Let's attack them, which is equivalent to killing them!"

As soon as these words fell, the high-level officials nodded again and again.

As a veteran guardian force, they are very aware of the horror of mysterious forces!

If Longyuan Town can **** away the sacred objects from the ten mysterious forces and condense the sacred objects, you will know how terrifying Longyuan Town is.

Especially the mayor Qin Feng is unfathomable!

They clearly remember that Qin Feng won the first place in personal points in the first round of hegemony!

At the time, they thought it was a coincidence!

Now it seems that they underestimate Qin Feng!

At this time, the patriarch sighed again: "I mean, for the next nine days, we have to hide and not attack Longyuan Town. After this second round is over, our hostile relationship with Longyuan Town will be lifted automatically. already."

"According to the ranking of our clan's points, we can still maintain the status of the guardian force in the next session. As for taking the initiative to attack Longyuan Town, that is self-destruction!"

As soon as these words fell, the high-level officials agreed.

"The patriarch is right! The old man thinks that we must not attack Longyuan Town!"

"That's right! As long as we survive this second round, the next one will be a guardian force again, it doesn't make much difference!"

"That's what it means below!"

In this way, this 09 guardian force has discussed the next countermeasures.

At the same moment, in every corner of the first division, those guardian forces almost all made the same decision!

That is, you must not take the initiative to attack Longyuan Town!

As for being cursed for losing the game, those are trivial things, and they won't kill anyone.

On the contrary, if you take the initiative to attack Longyuan Town, you will definitely suffer the disaster of genocide!

However, there are still some forces that do not believe in evil.

At this moment, in a hidden valley, there is a village.

This is a village established by the challenging forces, and there are as many as five or six thousand people.

There are white skins, sticks, etc. in the village, but there are no Longbi people.

They are more than a dozen villages, united to form a village.

At this moment, in the village chat channel, the chat has already exploded.

"I bought it! Longyuan Town actually got a heaven-suppressing artifact! Their luck is too good!"

"Axi! The people of Longbi have lost their luck! I'm so angry, Smecta!"

"Oh! God! I don't think it's fair at all! What qualifications do those Longbi people have to obtain the divine artifact?"

At this moment, those white skins and sticks are complaining that Longyuan Town is lucky.

These people have only encountered guardian forces, and have never encountered mysterious forces at all.

Otherwise, they would have been wiped out long ago!

With their power, in front of mysterious forces, they are completely vulnerable!

Because of this, these self-righteous white skins, Asan, and sticks have far underestimated the strength of Longyuan Town.

They thought that Qin Feng's acquisition of the divine artifact depended only on luck!

Up to now, these guys still underestimate the Longbi people in their bones.

It is precisely because of this that they feel that Qin Feng is a heaven-suppressing artifact obtained by luck.

They didn't know that any mysterious force could destroy them with a snap of their fingers.

And Longyuan's suppression of mysterious forces is as easy as chopping melons and vegetables!

This is the difference!

However, this does not prevent the arrogance of the white skin and sticks.

"Oh! Friends, you said, what should we do next?"

"Axi! Of course we are going to attack Longyuan Town! Tiandao has reminded that all forces are allied, and only Longyuan Town is our enemy!"

"That's right! As an alliance, if we kill the Guardians now, we won't get any rewards. On the contrary, there will be rewards for those who kill Longyuan Town!"

"Yo Xi! This is a good note! I support the attack on Longyuan Town!"

"I support it too! Smecta!"

"Oh! It seems that everyone agrees!"

"Yo Xi! Upstairs! The people of Longbi are not worthy of possessing the divine artifact, only those of us are qualified to possess it!"

"Yamada-san! I agree with you very much!"

"Oh! Ladies and gentlemen, let's organize quickly and launch a raid on the nearest Longyuan station!"

At the moment, these self-righteous guys immediately organized and prepared to attack the station in Longyuan Town.

There are not a few self-righteous challenging forces like this.

At this moment, in every corner, the powerful villages established by Baipi, Asan, and Bangzi were actively organizing and preparing to attack the major stations in Longyuan Town.

Obviously, their knowledge is too shallow, which limits their imagination!

They don't even know how strong Longyuan Town is!

At the same time, in another hidden valley, there was also a village.