Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

There are only a few hundred people in this village, all of them from Longbi.

At this moment, they are extremely excited.

Also chatting in the village chat channel!

"Haha! Everyone, this Longyuan Town is amazing!"

"Yeah! They actually got the divine artifact, and by themselves, they changed the rules of the game!"

"The people of Longyuan Town are the pride of our Longbi people! I'm afraid those white skins, Asan, and sticks won't say it, and they will be jealous in their hearts!"

"Let me tell you! The most powerful is Long Yuan Mayor Qin Feng! In the last round, he won the first place in personal points. I thought that was his limit. I didn't expect this round to start. He did another amazing thing!"

"Yes! This Qin Feng is so admirable!"

"Everyone, we have a problem next! According to the new rules given by Heavenly Dao, all forces are classified as alliances, and only Longyuan Town is an enemy force. But I don't want to be an enemy of my compatriots!"

"I don't want to be an enemy of my compatriots! Let me attack Longyuan Town, I can't do it!"

"I don't want to do it either! But Tiandao reminded that there may only be one winner in this round, most likely Longyuan Town. The rest of the defeated forces will be cursed in various ways! How can this be good?"

"Yeah! I don't know what the curse is? Thinking about it, it's scary!"

As soon as these words fell, these Longbi people were a little worried!

At this time, someone on the channel spoke again.

"Everyone, I have a way to get the best of both worlds. Not only can I not be an enemy of Longyuan Town, but I can also not be cursed by Heaven."

"Upstairs, what's the solution? Hurry up and say it!"

"Haha! The method is very simple! As long as we go to Longyuan Town and become the townspeople of Longyuan Town. At that time, not only will we not be cursed, but we will become victors and receive the rewards of heaven!"

"Yes! Why didn't I think of it? Brother upstairs, you are so smart! Little sister loves you to death!"

"Haha! Everyone, stop talking nonsense! Let's act quickly and go to Longyuan Town!"

"Village chief, I'm a little worried, will Qin Feng take us in?"

"Don't worry! We are also compatriots of Long Bi, and he will definitely take us in!"

"Yes! The little sister also thinks that brother Qin Feng will definitely take care of his compatriots and take us in."

"Everyone, don't talk nonsense. Let's go to Longyuan Town quickly! I'm a little worried now, whether there will be many forces to besiege Longyuan Town. They are in need of manpower now. We can join in and help. Get busy!"

"The village chief is right! Everyone, act quickly!"

At the moment, this village of Longbi people has begun to take active actions, preparing to take refuge in Longyuan Town.

In fact, in every corner of the competition area, the villages built by the Longbi people basically have this idea.

For a time, a strange phenomenon appeared in the first competition area.

Those guardian forces all shrank back and did not dare to go out.

The villages established by Baipi, Asan, Bangzi, and Yingbo began to emerge one by one, preparing to attack Longyuan Town.

Since the guardian forces have become their allies, there will be no points and attribute rewards for killing each other, and the white skins have become more courageous.

On the other side, various villages of Longbi people also dispatched one after another, and they all actively sought refuge in Longyuan Town.

At the same time, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, the land of fog.

In the depths of the foggy sea, there is an isolated island, which is the old lair of the ancestors of Samsara.

At this moment, in a palace on the island.

Ancestor Samsara stood with his hands behind his back, looking up at the direction of the first competition area, showing a thoughtful look.

Just now, he also heard Tiandao's prompt.

Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan in the first competition area, has condensed the first divine artifact!

The first division is the hometown of the younger brother!

It seems that the person who killed the junior brother was Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan!

The **** page of the present book (top) is also in Qin Feng's hands.

The reincarnation ancestor pondered expressionlessly.

Behind him, there were ten people standing, all with old faces and extremely respectful expressions, as if they did not dare to disturb the reincarnation ancestor.

The old woman Baihe and Heiyi were among the ten people.

In fact, these ten people are the ten messengers of the reincarnation ancestor.

The messengers of the ancestors of reincarnation are all living people, and their strength has reached the peak of 607 demigods, which is not comparable to the ancestors of the six paths.

Next to the ten messengers, there was also a middle-aged man with thick eyebrows and big eyes, and his appearance was somewhat similar to the reincarnation ancestor.

The realm aura emanating from his body has even reached the early stage of False God!

At this time, the reincarnation ancestor turned around.

The man hurriedly stepped forward: "Father, listen to Tiandao's reminder just now, that Qin Feng in the first division has obtained the first anti-sky artifact. It can be seen that Shishu Liudao was killed by that Qin Feng!"

It turned out that this man was the son of the reincarnation ancestor, whose name was Yuanchu, and was already an existence in the early stage of False God.

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "It should be that Qin Feng!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he said again: "Father, in this way, the real-world book **** pages in the hands of Uncle Liudao have already fallen into his hands. I don't know how powerful Qin Feng is, and even Uncle Liudao was poisoned by him."

The reincarnation ancestor sneered: "That Qin Feng's strength should not be that strong! Today, the young man who came to chase the police and train the jade talisman should be Qin Feng!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his eyes lit up: "Yes! Ordinary people can't track that jade talisman, and they don't have the strength to track it. That person's nine achievements are Qin Feng. By the way, Dad, what kind of strength is Qin Feng?"

The reincarnation ancestor pondered for a while and said: "Look at its attack power, which is the peak level of the False God, its defense is stronger, comparable to the limit of the False God. Its comprehensive strength is not yet the limit of the False God, but in the peak of the False God Not bad."

"My junior brother's comprehensive strength should be infinitely close to the limit of the False God. It stands to reason that my junior brother should be stronger than Qin Feng. That Qin Feng was able to kill my junior brother, he should have used inferior means."

"Otherwise he wouldn't be able to kill my junior brother. It is estimated that my junior brother was careless. After all, that kid is only in the heavenly realm, so he is very confusing! Just like this old man, it was because he saw that his realm was low and he didn't use all his strength, so he let him escape!"

The reincarnation ancestor analyzed it self-righteously, and showed a look of regret.

Obviously, he took the Mu Ling clone as Qin Feng!

If he knew that Mu Ling's avatar was only Qin Feng's avatar, he would not know what his expression was.

In short, the ancestor of reincarnation has far underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

Don't talk about Qin Feng, even if it is a clone of the wood spirit, the strength at this moment has improved a lot.

Not long ago, Qin Feng received consecutive rewards from Heaven, and his strength skyrocketed.

The strength of the wood spirit clone has also risen with the tide.

Chapter 561 S-level mission completed! Super reward!

At this time, Yuan Chu asked: "Father, since Qin Feng's strength is not yet at the limit of False God, you might as well go to the first competition area now, kill Qin Feng, and take back the pages of the Book God of the World. what you want!"

Ancestor Samsara shook his head slightly: "Don't worry! According to the rules of heaven, hiders will not be punished by heaven only if they take action in the third round of points competition. If this old man takes action now, the punishment from heaven will be more serious than that of Hei Wing and the others. ."T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Besides, this old man is at the critical moment to break the curse, and this matter cannot be delayed!

"When the old man completely breaks the curse, his strength will increase greatly, and his comprehensive strength will be comparable to that of the true god. At that time, it will be even easier for the old man to kill the Qin Feng thief!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he nodded again and again: "That's right! With that said, let the thief Qin Feng live for a few more days. By the way, Dad, after you break the curse, can you resurrect these messengers indefinitely?"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled and nodded: "Once the curse is broken, all my vocation skills will return to normal. The only pity is that the body of the two ceremonies cannot be used. Alright! Don't talk about this, you should act!"

"Me?" At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, there was some doubts.

Ancestor Samsara sighed: "Hey! Back then, this old man and Liudao Junior Brother agreed that I would first strive for the star master position of this Blue Star Realm. In the end, this old man became a star master candidate, but failed to pass the final star master assessment. "

"The old man failed! According to the agreement, this time, it is my junior brother's turn to fight for the star master position. Unexpectedly, he died before his apprenticeship. In this case, then you go back to the seventh division to compete for this year's star master candidate. position."

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he was surprised: "Father, I am only in the early stage of False God, I'm afraid I won't be able to win this candidate!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled: "Although you are in the early stage of False God, your overall strength is comparable to that of the middle stage of False God. With such strength, you are already qualified to compete for star master candidates. Besides, this old man will shoot in the third round to help you get candidate's seat."

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled bitterly: "Father, even if I get the candidate position in the end, I can't become the star master!"

The reincarnation ancestor sneered: "It doesn't matter if you can't become a star master. As long as you can become a star master candidate, you will get rich rewards from heaven, which will be of great benefit to you."

"Why is my strength so much stronger than your Uncle Liudao? That's because I have been rewarded as a candidate. As for becoming a star master, that's an extravagant hope."

"Millions of years have passed in this Blue Star Realm, and no star master has ever been born. With your talent, it is a good chance to become a star master candidate."

After hearing these words, Yuan Chu suddenly realized.

It turned out that Dad and Uncle Liudao had run for Star Master candidates successively in order to reward the candidates.

As for whether or not to become a star master, that's a matter of fate!

Now that Uncle Sixth Dao has fallen, he will have to accept the opportunity of this candidate.

Thinking of this, his eyes lit up and his heart became hot.

The chances of being a star master candidate are huge!

The clue can be seen from the strength gap between his father and the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

At the beginning, the strength of the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the six paths was not very different.

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he said: "Dad, then I will go back to the seventh competition area now, collect the divine artifact, and condense the divine artifact!"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded: "Well! Go! In addition, I will send eight more messengers to follow you back! With the help of eight of them, your speed of condensing the divine artifact will be faster!"

As soon as the voice fell, the reincarnation ancestor looked at the ten messengers.

"Baihe and Heiyi stay behind, and the other eight return to the seventh division with the young master!"

"Yes! Master!"

The eight messengers agreed in unison.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was pleasantly surprised: "Thank you very much! Dad! With the help of the eight of them, the child will be even more powerful!"

"Well! Go! There are nine days left in the second round, you have to hurry!"

"Yes, Dad!"

At the moment, the father and son chatted again.

It didn't take long for the eight messengers to fly out of the sea of ​​fog at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty and rushed to the seventh division.

The first of the ten mysterious forces in the seventh division, the Samsara clan, was established by them.

This time, the Hui people at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty wanted to lead the Samsara people to become the sturdy force in the seventh division!

After Yuan Chu and others left, the reincarnation ancestors retreated again.

The old woman Baihe and Heiyi stayed to guard the Wuhai old nest.

From the beginning to the end, the reincarnation ancestor did not take Qin Feng seriously.

Even, he regarded Qin Feng's avatar as Qin Feng himself, far underestimating Qin Feng's strength.

But Qin Feng knows the strength of the reincarnation ancestor!

He also secretly aimed at the ancestor of reincarnation, and was working hard in silence.

At this time, above the starry sky.

Qin Feng, Xiao Luan'er and Huan Mirage's clones stood by the star gate, waiting for Qiyue.

"Hey! Yue'er is out!"

At this moment, Qin Feng seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up.

The next second, he made a move.

call out!

I saw a flash of white light, and a beautiful girl appeared in front of everyone.

It is that Qiyue!

"Owner!"

When Qiyue saw Qin Feng, she was overjoyed.

"Sister Yue'er!"

Xiao Luan'er was also very happy.