Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: Village No. 618 was elected to the red camp! 】

[Reminder: Village No. 44 was elected to the Red Team! 】

Seeing this scene, the people of Longguo cheered.

Turgenev also said excitedly: "Mr. Qin Feng, there is also Village No. 575, which is also from the North Bear Country!"

[Reminder: Village No. 575 was elected to the red camp! 】

As soon as this information came out, the people of Beixiong Kingdom also cheered.

"Ulla! Ulla!"

"Qin Feng! Ulla! Ulla!"

In their opinion, as long as they are with Qin Feng of Longguo, this gamble is sure to win.

This means that they have access to a large number of properties and resources.

When they think about it, they feel cool.

Edward, Rami Miyamoto and others were extremely desperate.

[Reminder: The initiator Qin Feng has ended the faction selection. The number of red camps: 6 villages, and the number of blue camps: 30 villages. 】

[Reminder: During the betting process, the two camps blocked the regional channel function, which is now being blocked...]

Soon, the regional channel blocking was successful.

People from both camps were forcibly kicked out.

The entire area channel was instantly silent.

Those in the neutral camp were amazed.

"The faction has started gambling again! This time, Miyamoto Lang, Amir and the others are afraid that it will be even worse!"

"Yeah! If you lose a faction bet once, you will be deducted 50 attributes, and twice will be deducted 100 attributes, which will kill a lot of people!"

"Speaking of which, I am a little envious of the two villages in the North Bear Country!"

Speaking of which, many neutral villages are envious.

But as soon as these words fell, they were refuted by some people.

"Oh! You guys, how can you be sure that the people of the Dragon Country will win?"

"That's right! I think the people of Longguo will lose. After all, they only have 6 villages, and we have 30 villages on our side."

The people who refuted these also came from eight countries including the Lighthouse Country.

It turned out that the camp was gambling, and one camp only had 30 positions, and Qin Feng could only pull in 30 villages.

He couldn't do anything about some of the Eight Kingdoms villages that came in later.

The villages who came in later did not know what happened before, so they naturally did not know Qin Feng's strength.

In their opinion, it is a joke that 6 villages can win 30 villages.

"Haha! Whether the people of the Dragon Kingdom will win, you just wait and see!"

"Yeah! Witness yourselves slowly!"

Many people from neutral countries have left this sentence behind and waited for the result.

They were too lazy to argue, and they all quit the regional channel.

On the other hand, after Qin Feng quit the regional channel, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: During the camp betting period, the ranking channel has added a ranking list, you can check it at any time. 】

[Reminder: The betting will be officially started in ten minutes, and the countdown is now: 9:59…9:58….]

The countdown has begun!

Only when the countdown is over will you earn points for hunting beasts, but killing them in advance has no effect.

Qin Feng glanced at the valley in front of him, and the ground was full of ant corpses.

He hasn't extracted the corpses yet!

He wants to clear the battlefield before the countdown ends.

Thinking of this, he started to act

Chapter 72: Destroy the dry and rotten, and kill it to the nest! (for full order)

Soon, Qin Feng cleaned up the battlefield.

Those half-remained giant ants were quickly killed by him, and they got more than 3,000 energy points.

Gold-devouring worker ants and gold-devouring soldier ants were also fully extracted by him, and gained more than a dozen attributes, which was considered a small gain.

There is also the bronze treasure chest that General Ant Devourer exploded.

After he picked it up, he opened it directly, and got a second-order ring - the general force ring.

[General Ring: Strength +25, Gold Resistance +100%. 】

Qin Feng was delighted and put on the ring directly.

His strength increased by another point.

At this point, the entire battlefield is almost cleaned up, and the body of General Ant Eater has not been extracted.

At the moment, he stepped forward to extract...

Om~!

A burst of white light came on!

【Endless extraction success! Once again obtained the D-level talent - power madness! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Talent evolution is successful! Your strength talent has been promoted to C rank - the true meaning of strength. 】

[In the process of this talent evolution, the talent skill was awakened on his own initiative—the energy is released! 】

what!

Fuck it~!

Evolution succeeded!

Got another C-level talent!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Qin Feng is ecstatic!

C-level talent is extremely rare!

Generally speaking, only one in a thousand awakens.

And Qin Feng alone has two C-level talents.

One is the true meaning of C-level fire.

The other is this C-level - the true meaning of power.

[The true meaning of power: strength talent, strength is strengthened five times! 】

With this talent, his attack power has skyrocketed!

What's even better is that after the successful evolution of this power talent, a talent skill has also been awakened - the release of energy.

[External release of energy: Condensing the power in the body into a force of energy, and releasing it out to injure the enemy is a Tier 3 skill. 】

Fuck it~!

This is actually a Tier 3 skill!

Qin Feng was surprised and delighted, and flicked his fingers.

huh~!

The next second, a faint white light shot out from his fingertips and hit the corpse of General Ant Eater in front of him.

puff~!

A soft sound!

Juice splash!

That white light shot the corpse in the opposite direction in an instant.

Wow~!

The power of this energy is not weak!

You must know that the body of General Ant Eater is also covered with a layer of black iron armor, which is very defensive.

good! good!

This 'energy release' is very practical and just makes up for the lack of Qin Feng's long-range attack.

He was overjoyed!

By the way, is this possible?

At this time, Qin Feng seemed to think of something, and waved the long knife in his hand.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

At the tip of the knife, a zhang-long knife gas was released, forming a large blade of light, which was incomparably sharp!

Wherever the sword light passed, everything outside Zhang Xu was split into two halves.

Ha ha!

It turned out that the combination of energy release and weapons, the power is stronger, and the attack range is wider.

Combined with the knife, that is the knife energy!

Combined with the sword, that is the sword energy!

good! good!

With this skill, his attack range will be greatly increased in the future.

With one knife in hand, you can form a group attack, which is very practical!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more satisfied he became.

By the way, in the last camp bet, he also got a total of 260 free attribute points, plus the 5 points obtained from the upgrade, that is 265 points.

The 265-point attribute has not been added yet!

He has to finish adding points quickly!

Because the countdown is almost over!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the attribute panel and started adding points.

At the same time, in the 911 chat channel, everyone was mobilizing.

"Haha! Brothers, we're going to bet again! We're going to bet again!"

"Yeah! I'm so excited! This time, I have a big harvest!"

"Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country, and Asami Country are too arrogant! This time, they must be punished to death!"

"Yeah! They were crazy before, thinking that Qin Feng's boss didn't have a gambling order, and they were so arrogant. I didn't expect that the North Bear Kingdom God assisted!"

"Haha! Now, those dog things have the heart to die."

"Brothers, stop gossiping. The countdown is almost over, let's act!"

"Haha! Upstairs, don't worry this time! We can definitely win!"

"That's right! In the last bet, we all got 50 attribute rewards, and everyone's strength has soared! Even if I am only level 4 and my talent is only E level, I have the strength to kill level 5 beasts."

"Fuck~! I almost forgot about this! So, there are more than 100 players in our village who can score this time!"

"exactly!"