Qi Yue also smiled and greeted Xiao Luan'er.

Then, she happily came to Qin Feng.

"Master, Yue'er is complete!"

"Not bad!"

Qin Feng looked at Qiyue with joy, and found that after the little girl completed her union, she became more and more beautiful, like a flower in bud.

Even better, the little girl's combat power reached 600,000 stars, just reaching the threshold of the pinnacle of demigods.

This makes him very happy!

So far, the three messengers under his command have all reached the peak strength of demigods.

This made him feel that the three women's joint assessment this time was very successful!

"Dad, sister Yue'er came out too! Can we go back?!"

Xiao Luan'er couldn't wait.

She is in a hurry to go back and destroy the Liudao Clan and the Daluo Clan, so that she can complete the S-level task as soon as possible.

Qi Yue also said: "Master, I just heard the Heavenly Dao prompt that you have condensed the divine artifact. Then our S-level mission should be completed, right?"

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "It should be soon! Let's go, go back and see what the progress is?!"

As soon as the voice fell, he put Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, and Mirage clones into the zero-degree space.

Then, as soon as he thought about it, he cast the sky survey and moved and disappeared out of thin air.

In the next second, his figure appeared above the floating city.

And as soon as he appeared, there were countless rays of white light, breaking through the sky and madly pouring into his body

[Your clone successfully kills the Hidden One (Ninth Heavenly Level), you get +33,000 attributes, +21 million energy points, and +4100 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden Person (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +12,000 attribute points, +93 million energy points, and +2000 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +11,000 attribute points, +90 million energy points, and +1900 points. 】

[Your avatar is merging with the land deed card (the residence of the Six Dao clan)]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

It turned out that his clone had destroyed the Liudao clan and was merging the land deed cards of the Liudao clan.

At this moment, thousands of backfeeding white lights are frantically pouring into his body.

This made his attribute points, energy value, and points soar all the way!

The thrill of the crazy harvest once again swept his heart, making him extremely comfortable

Qin Feng couldn't help but close his eyes and enjoy it comfortably

You know, the Six Dao Clan has 70,000 disciples!

His Moon Spirit clone killed at least 30,000 people, giving him more than 30,000 feedbacks!

After a while, the backfeeding is over.

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy and was about to check the harvest

call out! call out! call out!

But at this moment, countless white lights escaped from the sky and poured into his body frantically again.

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +13,000 attribute points, +94 million energy points, and +2100 points. 】

[Your clone successfully killed the Hidden One (Heavenly Eighth Layer), you get +11,000 attribute points, +90 million energy points, and +1900 points. 】

[Your avatar is merging with the land Cheka (the residence of the Daluo tribe)]

Feedback is coming again!

This time, it is the feedback from the Daluo clan!

It turned out that the Bing Ling clone and Feng Xi led the five thousand Phoenix clan disciples to slaughter the Daluo clan.

At this moment, the Bingling clone is merging with the land deed card of the Daluo clan

Qin Feng closed his eyes again and continued to enjoy the feedback!

After a while, the feedback is all over!

The Moon Spirit clone has integrated the land deed cards of the Six Dao Clan, and established major public buildings, which are completely integrated into the Longyuan sphere of influence.

The Bing Ling avatar has also integrated the land deed card of the Daluo clan, built public buildings, and completely integrated it into the sphere of influence of Longyuan.

So far, the number of sites in Longyuan Town has reached 62!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with a rising white light

【Your level has been promoted to level 60! 】

【Your strength index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 500 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 500 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 500 points! 】

【You get 200 free attributes! 】

Finally level 60!

Qin Feng opened his eyes comfortably, and couldn't wait to open the personal panel

[Free attribute]: 31.7 million points

Gee! !

31.7 million attributes!

As expected of the two strongest mysterious forces, they have provided so many attributes!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

There are more than 110,000 children of these two tribes combined, and all of them are powerful and have more nurturing attributes.

At the moment, Qin Feng started to add up

It didn't take long for him to finish adding points, and his basic combat power soared to 6.05 million stars in one fell swoop.

If it is the power of 1.2 million Dao, and the feedback of 400,000 of the Xuntian Divine Wing, the feedback of 200,000 of the Xingxing Sword, and the feedback of 100,000 of the Split Air Battle Armor.

His comprehensive combat power has reached 7.95 million stars, and it has improved a lot!

call!

Finally finished!

As soon as Qin Feng thought about it, he disappeared out of thin air!

In the next second, he appeared in the sky above the Six Dao Clan's station.

It turned out that the floating city hovered above the old nest of the Six Dao Clan.

When he appeared, he saw that the disciples of Long Yuan were scavenging for the resources of the Six Dao Clan's nest.

As the leader of the mysterious forces, the Six Dao Clan has a lot of hidden resources.

At this time, all the disciples received a lot of money, and all of them were full of smiles.

"Hey! Master!"

"It's the boss! The boss is here!"

At this time, when the children saw Qin Feng, they happily surrounded him.

Qin Feng smiled and released Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue at will.

"Hey! Dad, what is this place?"

"Master, is this the residence of the Six Dao Clan?"

As soon as the two little girls appeared, they looked around curiously.

When they saw Long Yuan's disciples cleaning up the battlefield, they immediately showed joy.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task Announcement: Congratulations to Longyuan Town for completing the S-level god-level village task! 】

[Task reward: Reward all the townspeople of Longyuan, and increase their combat power by 1000 stars. 】

[Quest reward: Reward all the townspeople of Longyuan, 1 high-level soul essence pill (eighth-order). 】

[Task reward: Reward Longyuan Mayor Qin Feng and increase the combat power by 30,000 stars. 】

[Task reward: reward Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan, and 3 Jiuzhuan Divine Physique Pills (ninth-order superb). 】

[Task reward: reward Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan, 1 Rank Nine Void Soul Pill (Demigod Rank). 】

[Task reward: reward Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan, with 1 drop of Xuanwu blood (demi-god rank). 】

boom!

As soon as this prompt came out, Long Yuan cheered up and down!

Ha ha!

The S-class mission has finally been completed!

The rewards are really generous!

But this thought came to me, and Tiandao came to remind again

[During this mission, it was detected that there was a hidden person in the middle stage of the False God. The difficulty of the mission was increased to the peak level of S-level, and the reward was tenfolded! 】

[It was detected that this task was completed ahead of schedule within five days. Then double the original double, that is, the reward will be doubled twenty times! 】

"My God! The reward has been doubled by twenty!"

"Haha! Crazy! Crazy! I'm going crazy with excitement this time!"

"Haha! Twenty times! I can't even think about it!!"

At this moment, the audience is excited!

Boom!DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Tiandao continues to send reminders

【The content of the reward has been changed as follows】

[Task reward: Reward all the townspeople of Longyuan, and increase their combat power by 20,000 stars. 】

[Task reward: Reward all the townspeople of Longyuan, 20 high-level soul essence pills (eighth-order). 】

[Task reward: Reward Longyuan Mayor Qin Feng and increase his combat power by 600,000 stars. 】

[Task reward: reward Longyuan Mayor Qin Feng, 60 nine-turn divine body pills (ninth-order top grade). 】

[Task reward: reward Longyuan Mayor Qin Feng, 20 Rank Nine Void Soul Pills (demi-god rank). 】

[Task reward: reward Longyuan Mayor Qin Feng with 20 drops of Xuanwu Divine Blood (Demi-God Rank). 】

Boom!

At this moment, Long Yuan was completely boiling up and down!

Boom!

Then, the world shook!

Thousands of golden reward beams of light descended from the sky and landed on Long Yuan’s disciples one after another.

The reward beam that fell on Qin Feng was purple-gold, even more dazzling and completely different!

600,000-star combat power reward!

Qin Feng was also unexpected, and his heart was ecstatic!

What's more, he still has 60 nine-turn divine body pills, 20 nine-turn virtual **** pills, and 20 drops of Xuanwu divine blood.

The reward this time is far more generous than he imagined!