Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 562 The strength has risen! Longyuan Expansion!

At this moment, under the blessing of the reward beam, Qin Feng's fighting power has soared all the way!

He couldn't help but close his eyes and enjoy the increase in combat power comfortably!

After a full quarter of an hour, the battle power reward ends!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy!

So far, his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 6.65 million stars in one fell swoop, and his comprehensive combat power has reached 8.55 million stars, a proper False God's ultimate combat power!

Having said that, because of the appearance of the Six Path Ancestors, this god-level village quest has been advanced to a peak S-level task, and is no longer an ordinary S-level task.

The rewards of the S-rank peak mission are naturally extremely rich!

What's more, Qin Feng completed the task ahead of time and got double rewards!

Now his comprehensive combat power has reached 8.55 million stars, which makes him very satisfied!

However, facing the ancestors of reincarnation with such combat power, they can only be killed!

As far as Qin Feng learned, once the curse of the ancestors of reincarnation is broken, the comprehensive combat power can be comparable to that of a true god, stronger than the threshold of a true god!

In fact, it is as easy as chopping vegetables and melons for the powerhouses to kill the virtual gods at the threshold of true gods!

Not to mention those true **** powerhouses!

Qin Feng wants to withstand the attack of the ancestors of reincarnation, at least to raise his comprehensive combat power to the threshold level of true gods.

And the true **** threshold combat power is 14 million stars!

Qin Feng is still far from this goal!

"The ancestor of the reincarnation will definitely take the shot in the third round of points competition! Maybe, as soon as the third round starts, he will come to the door!"

Thinking of the reincarnation ancestor, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

People without thought, he must worry about!

Counting the time, there are still nine days before the second round of the competition is over.

Plus a rest period after the second round.

It is estimated that in about ten days, the third round will start, and the ancestors of reincarnation will come over.

He must increase his comprehensive combat power to 14 million stars within these ten days.

Otherwise, he will definitely be doomed!

He killed the ancestor of the Six Paths, and got the page of the **** of the book (Part 1), how could the ancestor of reincarnation let him go?

Besides, he also wants to kill the ancestor of Samsara and get the other half of the SS-level mission order.

The two sides have unknowingly confronted each other!

In just ten days, the comprehensive combat power has been increased to 14 million stars, which is really difficult!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was a little anxious.

hum!

At this moment, the second reward beam fell!

60 Jiuzhuan Divine Body Pills, 20 Jiuzhuan Void Deity Pills, and 20 Drops of Xuanwu Divine Blood all descended slowly along the beam of light.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up again!

So many rewards!

Among them, the Rank Nine False God Pill and the low-grade Xuanwu God Blood are even more of a demigod and are extremely precious!

This time it really made a lot of money!

When he refines these medicinal pills and blood essence, his combat power will skyrocket by 320!

After a while, those medicinal pills and divine blood fell in front of Qin Feng.

He put it away with satisfaction!

After doing this, he looked around!

I saw that all the children had harvested 20 high-level soul essence pills, all of them were full of joy, and they were extremely excited!

Even Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue were holding 20 Soul Primordial Pills and were very excited.

The high-level soul essence pill is the eighth-order spirit pill!

Even for Xiaoluan'er and Qiyue.

For those disciples, the benefits are even greater.

This will be of great help to their next Tianwu assessment.

Of course, high-level soul essence pills are useless to Qin Feng.

With his current soul body strength, only the ninth-order elixir can enhance the effect...

Of course, in addition to the medicinal pill rewards, the combat power of Long Yuan's children has improved most significantly.

Just after the battle power reward, all the disciples of Long Yuan got 20,000-star battle power.

In addition to the gains from destroying the Liudao Clan and the Daluo Clan before, the strength of the disciples has also improved a lot.

In this way, the combat power of Long Yuan's children has reached 30,000 stars or above, that is, the seventh level of heaven.

As for the combat power breaking 50,000 stars, it has reached more than 2,000.

The combat power has broken through 90,000 stars, and there are more than a dozen people who have reached the peak of the sky.

Among them, Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan and Liu Xuan have reached the limit of the peak of the sky.

Seeing this, Qin Feng is very pleased!

Then, he looked at Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er again.

The combat power of the two little girls increased to 620,000 stars and 720,000 stars respectively.

As for Feng Xi's combat power, it is estimated that it exceeds 820,000 stars.

In this way, these three women can sacrifice about 1.5 million star combat power to him.

In this way, his strongest combat power state can reach 10 million stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he immediately saw the hope of fighting the reincarnation ancestor.

After he finished refining the medicinal pills and divine blood he had just obtained, he would wait for Jumang and Di Jiang to be born.

Under the sacrifice of the combat power of the messengers, he still has the hope of raising the combat power to 14 million stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't wait to refine the medicine pill.

At this moment, all the children received the reward and looked at Qin Feng excitedly.

All the high-level officials came forward to meet!

"Owner!"

"Boss!"

At this moment, the faces of the high-level executives were all excited.

Even the always stable Granny Feng Qi and Elder Qishan were no exception.

"Boss, this S-rank peak mission! We have finally completed it! Everyone has gained a lot!"

Liu Xuan said excitedly.

Lei Jue said with a smile: "All this is due to the boss! If the boss hadn't destroyed the six ancestors and the leaders of the mysterious forces, this task would have been impossible."Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Liu Xuan said with emotion: "Yeah! Fortunately, we have such a god-like existence as the boss in Longyuan Town. It is absolutely impossible for other challenging forces to receive this task!"

Granny Feng Qi also smiled and said, "Who would have thought that a challenger force could complete an S-rank mission in such a short period of time, and it was still the pinnacle of S-rank."

Elder Qishan also said: "It's good now! Now the first division, all the forces that can threaten us have been wiped out. There is no suspense in this second round of points competition."

Liu Xuan said proudly: "Of course! With our current strength, there is still that invisible force who dares to come and provoke? That is equivalent to taking the initiative to die!"

Lei Jue sneered: "I'm afraid some guys who don't open their eyes really came over. By the way, according to Tiandao's instructions, after this second round of points competition is over, if the divine artifact is still in the hands of the boss, we can become The power of the sky is over."

Liu Xuan smiled and said: "Don't think about it! With the forces in the first competition area, no one has the strength to steal the divine artifact from the boss. Our Longyuan Town will definitely become the heaven-suppressing force and the only one in the first competition area. The victor!"

"By the way, after becoming the Suppressing Heaven force, all members of our Longyuan can get extremely rich rewards! It's really exciting!"

As soon as these words fell, all the children showed joy, and one by one looked forward to it.

Qin Feng smiled: "It's only a matter of time before we become the Tiantian force. The Tiantian reward can't be escaped, so don't think about it! Next, we have three important things!"

"Boss, which three?"

Everyone looked at Qin Feng curiously.

Qin Feng looked into the distance: "The first thing, let Longyuan Town be promoted to Longyuan City as soon as possible!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's eyes lit up.

"That's right! We are only one last condition away from upgrading Longyuan City to level 10, which is to have a population of more than 25,000."

"Boss, I think the population problem should be solved soon. Now, Tiandao has announced all the locations of our Longyuan. If the Longbi compatriots in the first division see it, they should come to seek refuge. "

"Yes! I also think those compatriots will come to seek refuge. It is estimated that our population will reach more than 25,000, or even more than 30,000 in a short time!"

"Haha! When our population reaches the standard, our Longyuan Town will become Longyuan City. At that time, there will be a lot of rewards again!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone became excited again.

At this time, Liu Xuan said: "Boss, I suggest that those compatriots who want to take refuge must recognize you as the master before they can take in! If they don't want to recognize you as the master, we won't be enemies with them, but we can't take in either!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed.

"That's right! We must recognize the boss before we can take them in. We must ensure everyone's loyalty! There are too many strange things in this world. Who knows if these people have been manipulated by other forces?"

"Indeed! With our current strength in Longyuan Town, we are taking care of our compatriots by taking care of them. While taking care of our compatriots, we must also consider our own safety. We can't destroy everything we have in one omission!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng nodded slightly, feeling reasonable.

In this world of slaughter, all kinds of soul-like methods emerge in an endless stream.

Who can guarantee that among those compatriots who have taken refuge in, no one has manipulated the soul body?

It would be bad if an eyeliner was inserted by some determined strength.

At the moment, Qin Feng nodded slightly: "This suggestion is acceptable!"

Liu Xuan: "Boss, what about the second thing?"

Qin Feng: "The second thing is to expand our site to 100 seats, and help me unlock the feedback of breaking 50,000 stars."

Liu Xuan said with a smile: "Yes! Boss, we in Longyuan Town have more than 2,000 players with a combat power of 50,000 stars. As long as you unlock this 50,000-star back-feeding, you will be able to feed back the full amount. "

Qin Feng smiled: "I got the new title of Son of Luck, and the upper limit of the number of feedbacks has been raised from 2,000 to 3,000!"

As soon as these words fell, the disciples were amazed.

"That's great! The boss's backfeeding limit has increased!"

"Haha! It's not surprising! The boss can always create miracles! I've been surprised by it for a long time!"

For the disciples of Long Yuan, the stronger Qin Feng is, the stronger Long Yuan will be.

Qin Feng is already the cornerstone of Long Yuan!

They naturally hope that the stronger Qin Feng is, the better!

Liu Xuan also said happily: "Boss, this is great! You have more feedback and improved your strength faster. As for the expansion of the territory you mentioned, it is now easier than before."

Qin Feng smiled and asked, "How do you say this?"

Liu Xuan smiled and said: "Boss, the rules of the game have changed now. Except for our Longyuan Town, the other forces are allies. In the past, we encountered those villages with white skins and sticks, and we got their land deed cards, and the land was not Count us."

"Because before, the challenging forces were all allies, attacking each other, and there was no reward. Now it is different. Everyone is an enemy. Taking their land deed cards is equivalent to an additional territory."

Qin Feng smiled and nodded, secretly thinking that it was true.

At this time, Granny Feng Qi interjected: "Master, I have a suggestion. As our site expands, we have more and more people to manage the needs of the major stations."

"Only relying on our 20,000 people in Longyuan Town, it is impossible to manage it. Therefore, I suggest recruiting more prisoners and letting them take care of the major stations."