Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Those guardians of the human-level realm can be recruited as prisoners. After all, with the current strength of our Long Yuan children, murder-level guardians have little profit. It is better to turn them into prisoners."

"As for those above the prefecture-level realm, there is still a lot to gain from killing them. If you should kill them, you have to kill them!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "This method is feasible! Let's do it like this!"

Granny Feng Qi was right!

Long Yuan really needs a lot of manpower to help manage some trivial matters if he wants to unify the first division.

Seeing that the master accepted her opinion, Granny Feng Qi was very happy.

Then, she asked again, "Master, what is the third thing you said?"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "The third thing is, you should quickly rush to level 40 or above. When the second round of points competition is over, everyone should go to the Tianwu assessment and be promoted to the heavenly realm."

As soon as these words fell, everyone showed a happy smile!

right!

With their strength, they can completely participate in the Tianwu assessment.

Today, the children of Long Yuan, the weakest all have 30,000-star combat power, and the worst can win a high-grade combination.

It is estimated that more than 90% can win the best combination!

A few people, including Liu Xuan, Fengying, Lei Jue, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan, are expected to attack the inferior gods.

The strength of the entire Longyuan has always been on the rise.

The scene where everyone is like a dragon must not be too far away!

However, the biggest problem for Long Yuan's children to participate in Tianwu is that the level has not reached the threshold.

Many people are still level 30 and have not reached the assessment threshold of level 40!

No one can achieve level 60 in a very short period of time like Qin Feng.

At the moment, Liu Xuan smiled and said: "Boss, when the second round of competition is over, we will almost conquer the entire first division. Presumably more than 90% of the children can reach level 40 or above and are eligible to participate in the Tianwu assessment."

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "I hope everyone can reach level 40 after the second round. Don't be too optimistic, there is a very serious thing, I'm about to tell everyone!"

"Boss, what's the matter?"

Seeing Qin Feng's serious expression, everyone became nervous.

"It's the way it is! Although the Sixth Dao Patriarch has fallen, he still has an extremely powerful senior brother named Reincarnation Patriarch"

At the moment, Qin Feng told the story of the reincarnation ancestor.

After everyone heard it, everyone's face changed greatly!

Oh my God!

The strength of the reincarnation ancestor has reached the realm of true gods!

This is too scary!

At the moment, Liu Xuan took a deep breath: "Boss, this situation is very critical! It seems that we can't delay. I will take people to expand the site now, and strive to unify the first division as soon as possible!"

Lei Jue also said: "Yeah! I want to complete the three things arranged by the boss as soon as possible!"

At this moment, everyone felt a sense of urgency, and there was no more ease and freehand brushwork as before.

Everyone can't wait to expand the site immediately and help Qin Feng unlock the 50,000-star feedback as soon as possible.

Because everyone knows that Long Yuan can only rely on the boss alone if he wants to withstand the attack of the ancestors of Samsara.

Even Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were anxious.

"Dad, Luan'er is going to expand the site now and help Dad unlock the 50,000-star feedback as soon as possible!"

"Master, Yue'er will go too!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath and thought that it would be better to put some pressure on everyone.

In this way, everyone will be more active in doing things.

"Luan'er, you can go with Liu Xuan and the others! As for Yue'er, you can go with me to the zero-degree space, and there are other arrangements!"

"Oh!" Qiyue obeyed obediently.

At the moment, Qin Feng made some arrangements for everyone and left with Qiyue.

Next, the matter of Longyuan Town will be handed over to the avatar and the high-level officials, and he does not need to personally intervene.

As for keeping Qiyue in the zero-degree space, that's because Qin Feng needs Qiyue's time force field.

In this way, Qin Feng arranged all the trivial matters.

Longyuan Town officially started its foreign expedition!

After Qiyue entered the zero-degree space, the time force field was activated.

At this time, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng looked at the Divine Pill and Divine Blood in front of him with joy in his eyes.

As long as he refines these resources, his combat power will definitely skyrocket again!

Thinking of this, white light flashed on his body, and 100 fission variants were split in an instant.

Afterwards, each of the 60 fission variants took a Nine-Turn Divine Body Pill and began to refine it cross-legged.

20 fission variants, each took a 9-turn False God Pill and began to refine itT/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Another 20 fissioned, each took a drop of low-grade Xuanwu divine blood, and began refining...

In this way, Qin Feng entered the retreat again

The five hundred and sixtieth chapters are improved again and again! Jumang was born!

During Qin Feng's retreat, Longyuan Town's actions were fully launched!

The avatars of Mirage, Moon Spirit, Wood Spirit, Bing Spirit, etc., as well as Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er all acted alone.

With their strength, they swept everything wherever they went!

And Long Yuan's disciples are divided into 200 groups for each group of 100 people, and they spread to the entire competition area.

Long Yuan's children are the weakest, and they all have the strength of the seventh heaven level.

In the group of 100 people, there are five or six when the strength reaches the ninth level of the heaven level, and the rest are the strength of the eighth and seventh layers.

With such strength, even the original Yaotian clan could not withstand the attack of this group.

Not to mention those guardian forces and challenge forces!

In this way, Long Yuan officially started the Quartet attack!

At the same time, the competition for points in the other nine major divisions of the Blue Star Realm was also in full swing.

Those who hide in every corner of the world have also begun to haunt one by one, preparing to intervene in the third round of the Star Lord Candidate War!

Every third round of points competition, there will be several hidden old monsters, such as the reincarnation ancestors.

Just like that, time passed by

The achievements of Longyuan Town are very remarkable!

In the past two hours, Long Yuan had captured three sites, raising the total number of sites in Longyuan Town to 65.

Night is coming now!

The first day of the second round of points competition has passed like this

At this time, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.

Qin Feng has also made great progress.

I saw that in the secret room, all his 60 fission bodies opened their eyes, showing joy.

It turned out that these 60 fission variants had already refined the 60 nine-turn divine body pills.

This made his basic combat power soar to 7.3 million stars in one fell swoop.

If you count the power of the way and the power of equipment, its comprehensive combat power can reach 9.2 million stars.

This is a huge improvement!

Boom!

At this moment, the 20 fission bodies on the other side, the spirit power aura increased wildly.

At the same time, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge constantly echoed the reminders of the Dao of Heaven.

[Refining the Rank Nine Void Soul Pill (Demi-God Rank) completed! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, the range of consciousness has been increased, and the combat power has increased by +11,000 stars! 】

[Refining the Rank Nine Void Soul Pill (Demi-God Rank) completed! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, the range of consciousness has been improved, and the combat power has increased by +09,000 stars! 】

[Refining the Rank Nine Void Soul Pill (Demi-God Rank) completed! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, the range of consciousness has been improved, and the combat power has increased by +10,000 stars! 】

Boom!

At this moment, Qin Feng's spirit power continued to soar, and his combat power was also soaring wildly!

It turned out that the 20 fission variants refined all twenty nine-turn virtual soul pills, and the refining information came from heaven.

[Congratulations on your soul body strength, breaking through from the mid-level False God to the peak level of the False God. 】

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the peak of False God! Your divine consciousness has a range of 500,000 miles. 】

[Reminder: The range of spiritual consciousness in the middle stage of the False God is 200,000 miles, the range of spiritual consciousness at the peak of the False God is 300,000 miles, and the range of the extreme consciousness of the False God is 500,000 miles. 】

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the peak of False God! Your divine consciousness has a range of 500,000 miles. 】

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the peak of False God! Your third divine eye skill, divine light of divine punishment, is automatically promoted to the peak of the low-rank divine order. 】

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the peak of False God! Your pupil skill, Soul Extinguishing Eye, is automatically promoted to the top of the low-grade **** rank. 】

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the peak of False God! Your skill, infinite fission, is automatically promoted to the pinnacle of the low-grade **** rank, and the upper limit of the number of fission is increased to 512. 】

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the peak of False God! Your vocation skill, the body of the two ceremonies, is automatically promoted to the peak of the low-grade **** rank, and the time limit for maintaining the state of the two ceremonies is increased to seven days and seven nights. 】

Boom!

A shocking move!

The 20 fission variants slowly opened their eyes, filled with joy.

At this moment, Qin Feng was ecstatic!

He finally refined 20 Rank Nine Void Soul Pills, which made his basic combat power skyrocket to 7.5 million stars again.

What's even better is that his soul body strength has also broken through to the peak level of False God.

And as soon as the soul body breaks through, his soul destroying pupil, divine punishment divine light, infinite fission, and the body of two ceremonies all break through to the peak level of the low-grade **** order.

This has improved his overall strength a lot!

In addition, his Divine Sense scanning range is comparable to the limit of the False God.

Having said that, the ancestor of reincarnation is the powerhouse of the virtual **** limit realm.

However, the reincarnation ancestor is the supreme judge, and its comprehensive strength crushes the same level, which can be comparable to the true **** realm!

At this time, the 20 fission variants also stood up with a look of joy.

But just before they got up, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge received another reminder from Heaven.

[Refining the low-grade Xuanwu Divine Blood succeeded! You get a lot of bloodline energy, your bloodline is strengthened, and your combat power increases by +21,000 stars. 】

[Refining the low-grade Xuanwu Divine Blood succeeded! You get a lot of bloodline energy, your bloodline is strengthened, and your combat power increases by +19,000 stars. 】

Boom!

Another shocking move!

It turned out to be another 20 fission variants, and the 20 drops of Xuanwu blood were refined.

At this moment, Qin Feng's qi and blood soared, and his combat power also soared!

[Your bloodline has been greatly strengthened, and the bloodline talent is being advanced]

【Advanced success! Your bloodline talent has reached the mid-level SSS level]

[Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the mid-SSS level! Your base combat power is increased to 8.2 million stars. 】