Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the initial stage of SSS level! Your inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrannical Body' has advanced to the low-grade **** tier]

good! good!

The bloodline talent has evolved to the mid-SSS level.

The skill Tongtian Tyrannical Body has also reached the peak level of the low-grade god-level!

call out! call out! call out!

Immediately afterwards, white light flashed in the field!

In just an instant, one hundred fission variants merged into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

At this moment, his face was full of joy.

So far, he has used up all the reward resources.

This made his basic combat power soar to 8.2 million stars in one fell swoop.

If you add the power of the way and the power of equipment, it can reach 10.1 million stars.

It seems that it is not far from the 14 million star combat power goal.

However, Qin Feng has no means to quickly improve his strength.

He basically used up the resources that should be consumed.

There is still a strength gap of 4 million stars, which makes him a little worried.

"There are still about nine days. I wonder if there is a chance to improve some combat power?"

At this moment, Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He is very worried that the combat power will not reach 14 million stars, and he will not be able to withstand the attack of the reincarnation ancestor.

It was a mortal battle!

The ancestor of reincarnation not only wanted to avenge the ancestors of the Six Paths, but also recapture the pages of the gods of the world (Part 1).

Qin Feng also wanted to kill the ancestors of Samsara, seize the pages of the book gods in this world (below), and the other half of the SS-level mission orders.

That's about an SS-level chance!

What's more, the reincarnation ancestor is not dead, and he will never be the star master candidate of this session.

What worries Qin Feng is that he has no resources to improve his strength.

In fact, even if the combat power reaches 14 million stars, Qin Feng has no idea whether he can withstand the attack of the reincarnation ancestor.

After all, the 14 million star combat power is just an estimate in his heart!

It is very likely that he underestimated the ancestor of reincarnation!

"The methods that can help me improve my strength now. One is to upgrade Longyuan City, the other is to give back 50,000 stars, and the other is to be promoted to the Suppression Force. I don't know how much my strength can be improved after these three rewards?"

"By the way, if Long Yuan's children destroy those guardian forces, they can also bring me some back-feeding. It's just that the combat power brought by back-feeding is not much after all!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, worried about the next strength improvement.

"Hey! By the way! I still have some special resources that I haven't digested yet!"

Suddenly, he seemed to have thought of something, and there was a look of joy in his eyes.

It was at this moment that Qi Yue's spiritual transmission sounded in his ears.

"Master, come here! There is movement in the Jumangling egg!"

Is there movement?

Could it be that Jumang is about to hatch? !

Qin Feng quickly turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he appeared in another secret room.

I saw two spirit eggs placed in the secret room.

A sentence mangling egg, a Dijiang spirit egg.

At this moment, the mangling egg was full of light, and countless cracks appeared on the eggshell.

Qiyue was squatting aside, watching nervously,

The mango is about to hatch!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Another reason why he kept Qiyue in the zero-degree space was to use Qiyue's time force field to speed up the incubation of Jumang and Dijiang.

If he can hatch the two little guys before the third point competition, it will greatly improve his strength!

Maybe with the help of these two guys, he will have a way to fight the ancestors of reincarnation!

"Owner!"

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, Qiyue sensed it.

"Master, look! Jumang is about to hatch!"

Qiyue greeted excitedly.

Qin Feng strode over.

Having said that, during this period of time, Qiyue has refined all those high-level soul essence pills.

00

The little girl's combat power has broken through to 630,000 stars unknowingly.

This makes Qin Feng very happy!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the spirit egg.

click! click! click!

I saw that the blue eggshell was slowly cracking, and a dazzling green light emerged from the crack!

There are also waves of powerful breaths that are escaping from it!

"Not bad! Not bad! This little guy is about to be born!"

Qin Feng showed a happy smile.

"Master, what kind of strength will you say after this man is born?"

Qiyue asked curiously.

Qin Feng smiled: "This little guy is a low-grade god-level peak-level spiritual egg! If I don't think it's bad, maybe after birth, his strength can be comparable to the peak of a demigod!"

"Wow! It's so strong! You can have the peak combat power of a demigod at birth. If you are an adult, it must be a powerful existence of the False God level! Master, after you say this, I really look forward to it being born soon! "

At this moment, Qi Yue's face was full of anticipation.

Qin Feng also looked forward to it in his heart.

click! click! click!

At this moment, the egg shell made a clear crisp sound again!

The two quickly looked at it and saw that the eggshell quickly cracked.

Snapped!

Then, there was another crisp sound!

A green sapling with luxuriant branches and leaves burst out of its shell directly and grows hard

"Huh! This is?"

Qi Yue was dumbfounded, her eyes widened.

what happened?

How did a small sapling hatch from this spiritual egg? !

Qin Feng was also surprised!

click! click! click!

The cracking sound of eggshells kept ringing!

The small sapling grew taller and bigger, and the branches and leaves were extremely lush, covering all the trunk.

The green leaves on its top are emerald green, and the weather is extraordinary.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Just think Qin Feng is strange, this mang is not really just a small sapling, right?

Mutations in the field!

hum!

A burst of chirping!

That little sapling shines brightly in the sky!

In the next second, it transformed into a one- or two-year-old little baby, wearing a green jacket, white and tender, chubby, and extremely cute.

As soon as the little guy was successfully transformed, he opened a pair of clear and bright eyes and looked around.

"Dad! Daddy!"

When he saw Qin Feng, it was like seeing a relative, and his big eyes glowed with excitement.

Then, he climbed out of the eggshell and staggered towards Qin Feng,

When Qin Feng saw the little guy running affectionately, there was also a warm feeling of blood connection in his heart.

He squatted down involuntarily.

The little girl happily threw herself into his arms.

Qin Feng fondly touched the little tender baby's head, and a hint of tenderness was automatically born in his heart.

He could feel the little guy's nostalgia for him.

This is a pet of war hatched from his blood essence.

Between them, there is already a kind of blood bond, just like relatives.

And the little guy's loyalty to him is unparalleled.

Just like Xiao Luan.

"Wow! Master, this little guy is so cute!"

Qiyue also ran over happily, with little stars in her eyes.

She has been fascinated by Jumang's cute little appearance.

Hearing Qiyue's voice, Jumang raised his head curiously and looked back at Qiyue.

Those big pure eyes, flickering, looked at Qi Yue curiously, wondering who this person is?

However, he could sense that this man also had the blood of his father, which made him feel very intimate.

"Little guy, this is your sister. You can call her sister Yue'er in the future!"

Qin Feng looked at the little tender baby dotingly.

"elder sister!"

Jumang opened his eyes wide, looked at Qin Feng curiously, and then looked at Qiyue curiously.

The childish voice was a little unclear.

The little guy has just been born, and his voice ability is not strong.

"Master, he's so cute! Let's call him 'Xiaoju' from now on?"

Qiyue looked at Xiaojumang with joy, and was overjoyed by the cuteness of Jumang.

Qin Feng smiled: "Okay! Let's call this little guy 'Xiaoju' in the future!"

"Small sentence!"

Jumang opened his lovely big eyes, a little bit of understanding.