Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

At this time, Qiyue said again: "By the way, Master, Xiaoju has already been born, can you see what kind of strength he is?"

Qin Feng was stunned!

right!

He just patronized and was happy that the little guy was born, and he hasn't explored his strength yet!

Thinking of this, a flash of light flashed in his eyes, and he went to detect the little nenwa.

At this detection, his eyes lit up with surprise on his face!

This little girl is so powerful!

Chapter 564 Dijiang Advancement! Qualification Divine Pill!

I saw the little guy's information as follows:

[Gods and Demons]: Low-grade peak level

[Level]: Level 1

[realm]: heaven level (reverse **** level combined Tao)

[Combat Strength]: 1 million stars

[Characteristics]: Absolute loyalty and protection to the master who feeds his blood essence, strong evolutionary ability.

[Talent]: Law of Life (S-level), Space Law (S-level), Wood Law (A-level), Water Law (A-level), Light Law (A-level).

[Talent Skill]: Incarnate Three Thousand (Middle Grade God Rank)

After reading the information, Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised.

This little guy actually belongs to the innate-level gods and demons. If it is in the category of gods and demons, it is no longer a monster.

Thinking about it, the spiritual eggs before hatching belonged to the peak level of the low-grade gods, and of course they were the gods and demons of the low-grade peaks.

This means that Xiaojumang's growth limit is extremely high, and he can reach the peak of the False God when he is an adult, or even the limit of the False God.

There is only such a little guy who can transform into a human form as soon as he is born, and h is also a god-defying god-level combination.

What makes Qin Feng even more satisfied is that the little guy has just been born, and his combat power has reached 1 million stars.

According to the messenger can sacrifice 70% of the combat power, this little guy can sacrifice 700,000 star combat power to him!

However, this little guy is only level 1.

Early upgrade speed is extremely fast!

Let this little guy upgrade with all his strength during this period of time, and when the second round of points competition is over, the little guy's combat power will definitely increase a lot.

"Master, what kind of qualification is Xiaoju?"

At this time, Qi Yue asked curiously.

She couldn't detect the existence of gods and demons.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This little guy is very good! He was born in the heaven-level realm of God-defying God-level, and his combat power has reached 1 million stars."

At the moment, Qin Feng briefly introduced Xiaojumang's situation.

"Wow! The little sentence is so strong!"

After Qi Yue heard this, her eyes were full of envy.

Xiaojumang seemed to understand something, with a smug look on his face.

"By the way, Master, you just said that Xiaoju also has a middle-rank god-level skill, which is too powerful! Middle-rank god-rank skills are generally only the means that can be mastered by true gods!"

Qi Yue sighed, her tone full of envy.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "That's true! Even I only have one middle-rank god-level skill - Six Prison Suppression. This little guy has a middle-rank god-rank skill right after he was born. It's really extraordinary!"

Hearing the conversation between the two, Xiaojumang raised his fleshy chin and looked even more proud.

Obviously, the little guy knows that Qin Feng and Qiyue are praising him!

He is very happy too!

At this time, Qiyue laughed again: "Master, let Xiaoju be your life messenger! In this way, your strength will become much stronger!"

Qi Yue said expectantly.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Then, he looked at Xiaojumang: "Little guy, close your eyes!"

Xiaojumang closed his eyes obediently.

Qin Feng pressed a finger to Xiaojumang's eyebrows.

hum!

The "Seal of Life" that had been condensed long ago, along his fingertips, slowly blended into Xiaojumang's eyebrows

Boom!

A shocking move!

The laws of heaven trembled slightly!

In just a moment, the seal of life completely melted into Xiaojumang's eyebrows and disappeared.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[The trial solicitation was successful! The target sentence Mang has become the messenger of your life! 】

hum!

At this moment, there was a soul resonance between Qin Feng and Xiaojumang, and there was a kind of intimacy connected by blood.

The next second, Xiaojumang slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of joy.

Qin Feng also showed a satisfied smile.

So far, he has four messengers under his command, namely: Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, and Qiyue.

The combat power that these four people can sacrifice to him has reached more than 2.2 million stars.

And Qin Feng's current basic combat power is 8.2 million stars, and the comprehensive combat power is 10.1 million stars.

If the sacrifice power of 2.2 million stars is added, his comprehensive combat power can reach 12.3 million stars.

This is not far from the goal of 14 million star combat power!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up involuntarily, showing joy.

"dad!"

At this time, Xiaojumang called out affectionately.

After the little guy became the messenger of life, his communication skills have also improved, and his language skills seem to have become stronger.

"Master, how is the situation?"

Qi Yue asked expectantly.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Successfully completed! Now Xiaoju is the messenger of life!"

Qiyue rejoiced: "In this way, the master's four messengers of life, death, light, and darkness have all gathered together. Next, it is to train the six messengers."

Qin Feng also nodded: "Di Jiang can become one of the six messengers, and the remaining five candidates have not yet been settled. Well, let's not talk about those things that are too far away."

Having said that, he looked at Xiaojumang again: "Little guy, you are only level 1, your level is too low! I'll find you a sister and take you to level up!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng waved his hand and summoned Xiao Luan'er back.

As soon as Xiao Luan'er appeared, she saw the little tender baby beside Qin Feng, her eyes lit up, and she leaned over in surprise.

"Dad! Who is this little doll? He's so cute!"

"This is your brother - Jumang!"

Xiao Luan'er was pleasantly surprised: "It turns out that Jumang was born! Great! Luan'er also has a younger brother, and Luan'er will not be the youngest in the future!"

Qin Feng smiled dotingly: "Luan'er, I called you back because I want you to upgrade with a small sentence!"

"Dad! Don't worry! I will definitely help my brother level up quickly!"

Xiao Luan'er was extremely excited, happy for having a younger brother.

Qin Feng said again: "Xiaoju has just been born, and his language ability is not strong. You can take him to level up and understand the world at the same time."

Xiao Luan'er said, "Don't worry, Dad! I'll take him soon!"

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "That's good! You go!"

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er took a sentence, turned into two white lights, and left.

In addition to possessing the S-level life law talent, this sentence also has the S-level space law talent.

This is the same as Xiao Luan'er, who can break through the air at will...

After the two left, Qin Feng looked at the direction where the two were leaving, looking forward to it.

I wonder if Jumang will be able to rise to level 30 after the second round of points competition is over?

With the strength and means of this little guy, he should be able to do it!

"Master, Xiaoju has a 1 million-star combat power at level 1. After he upgrades, his combat power will definitely be stronger!"

Qiyue was emotional.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

For the existence of gods and demons like Jumang, every time you level up, you can increase your combat power by a lot.

When Jumang reaches level 30, his combat power will definitely increase a lot!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is looking forward to Xiaojumang's growth even more.

hum!

At this moment, there was a mental wave from the other side of the room.

Qin Feng and Qiyue were both alarmed, and turned their heads to look, and saw the Dijiang Spirit Egg, exuding aura.

At this moment, Qin Feng clearly sensed that the Dijiang Spirit Egg expressed to him the need for blood essence.

Qin Feng laughed!

It turned out that the little guy woke up!

It's time for blood feeding again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked over.

Qi Yue also followed curiously.

When he walked to the spirit egg, Qin Feng broke his fingers and blood clotted.

As soon as the essence and blood came out, the fragrance was stronger than before.

Obviously, Qin Feng's blood essence is of higher quality.

After all, his bloodline talent has just advanced to the very middle stage of SSS.

Snapped!

A soft sound!

The fragrant blood essence dripped onto the black eggshell of the Dijiang Spirit Egg.

Silk! Silk! Silk!

In the next second, the drop of blood essence was completely absorbed by the Dijiang Spirit Egg at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, secretly thinking that after feeding the essence and blood, he should also deal with other trivial matters.

click! click! click!

But at this moment, there were bursts of light noises on the eggshell!

Immediately afterwards, the spirit egg burst into light!

On the black eggshell, a brand new innate divine pattern was born, exuding an amazing breath!