Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as these words fell, someone in the field pointed to the distance and exclaimed.

"Look! There is a group of people over there, coming towards our station!"

At this reminder, several people in Cao Yuan looked at it.

Sure enough, dozens of miles away, a team of hundreds of people was rushing towards the station.

The five Cao Yuan were in the air, and they were seen from a distance.

But that team did not see Cao Yuan and others.

"I looked at it from a distance, how do those people with black hair and yellow skin look like our compatriots from Longbi?"

"Isn't it because my compatriots came to take refuge?"

The eyes of the five people in Cao Yuan lit up.

"Hey! Look! There is also a group of people to the west!"

At this time, someone exclaimed!

Everyone looked around, and sure enough, they saw a group of five or six thousand people, but they were aggressive.

How does it look like an attack?

"Everyone, from a distance, this team of people has white, black, brown, and yellow skin, and also has yellow, red, brown, and black hair. It looks like a colorful monster. How does it look like Western white skin?"

"Maybe it's Western white hair! It's just those self-righteous idiots who dare to take the initiative to attack our Longyuan station during this period!"

"That's right! I see how aggressive they look, maybe they really came to sneak attack!"

"These guys are really funny! Even the guardian forces were so scared that they hid, and it was only those white skins, Asan, and sticks who thought that our Longyuan Town was a paper tiger!"

"Go! Go and meet them! Let them see how powerful our Longyuan Town is!"

The five of Cao Yuan looked at each other and smiled, and flew towards the entrance of the station.

After a while, they arrived at the entrance, descended from the sky one after another, and stood guard at the entrance, waiting for the two teams to arrive.

At the same time, the team from the east was accelerating towards the station.

There are only more than 700 people in this team!

Cao Yuan and several people guessed correctly, this team is all from Longbi!

The team was led by a man in his thirties named Wang Jun.

He is the village chief of these people, at the prefecture level, but his overall strength has reached the third level of heaven.

It turned out that when Wang Jun entered this killing world, he had awakened three A-level talents!

This made his strength grow all the way, and in a very short period of time, his comprehensive strength reached the third level of heaven.

For this, his subordinates admire him extremely!

Wang Jun also felt that this was a very proud thing.

"Village chief, look at the map, we can reach a station in Longyuan Town after walking for a dozen miles."

At this time, a villager came over happily.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Wang Jun breathed a sigh of relief: "Finally arrived! We walked all day and night, and many people's legs were exhausted!"

"Village chief, tiredness is a trivial matter! I'm afraid that after we arrive, Longyuan Town will not accept our refuge, so we will run for nothing."

A slightly fat young man said worriedly.

This young man's name is Chen Weifeng, he is considered the strongest in this team, and he is also at the prefecture level.

Wang Jun smiled confidently: "Don't worry! We are also from Longbi, Qin Feng will definitely take us in!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed!

"That's right! We Longbi people have always been united! We didn't want to be enemies with Longyuan Town, so we joined them! Qin Feng will definitely welcome it before it's too late!"

"I think too! Qin Feng will definitely take us in!"

Chen Weifeng said again: "Even if Qin Feng accepts us, I don't know how to arrange it in the future?"

Wang Jundao: "If you join Longyuan Town, you will naturally become Longyuan Townspeople. At that time, they will arrange what they want! Since we want to take refuge, we must show some sincerity. Besides, to become townspeople, we are will benefit."

Chen Weifeng nodded: "The village chief is right! I just hope that after joining, I can be on an equal footing with his original townspeople, then I will be satisfied!"

Wang Jun smiled slightly: "Although they are all compatriots, some situations have changed. After all, this is a world that respects strength! If you want to be on an equal footing with the people of Longyuan Town, you must be comparable in strength to them. "

Chen Weifeng said confidently: "Village Chief, I am already at the prefecture level, and my comprehensive strength is even at the pinnacle of the prefecture level! This should be considered the strength of ordinary townspeople in Longyuan Town, right?"

As soon as these words fell, the villagers also reconciled.

"Village Chief, I think Brother Chen's strength should reach the level of the citizens of Longyuan!"

"I think so too! Brother Chen is in our village, but he is one of the top five!"

"Maybe! Brother Chen's strength ranks above the middle in Longyuan Town!"

At this moment, all the villagers praised Chen Weifeng's strength.

They also really approve of it!

This made Chen Weiting feel proud.

It's just that these compatriots of Longbi also underestimate the strength of Longyuan Town.

Today, the weakest person in Longyuan Town has a combat power of more than 30,000 stars, that is, the strength of the seventh heaven level.

Even that Cao Yuan and Wei Tao's combat power has reached more than 35,000 stars.

Moreover, with the external expansion of Longyuan Town, the strength of Longyuan Town's children is still increasing rapidly.

It is believed that it will not be long before the weakest person in Longyuan Town can reach more than 40,000 stars.

40,000 stars, that is the threshold of the eighth level of heaven!

In a word, Wang Jun and others could never imagine the power of Long Yuan!

If they knew the truth, their jaws would drop in shock!

At this time, another villager said: "Village chief, your current comprehensive strength is the third level of heaven, and it should be in the front of Longyuan City. It is estimated that after you join Longyuan Town, Qin Feng will give you a small Heads up!"

"That's right! With the strength of the village chief, it is enough to be a small leader in Longyuan Town. Maybe you can get a higher position!"

"Yeah! Earth-level realm, you can have the strength of the third level of heaven. In this world, how many can do it? It is estimated that few people in Longyuan Town can do it!"

Several villagers exaggerated Wang Jun again.

Wang Jun listened in his ears and felt relieved in his heart.

He also felt that his strength in Longyuan Town should not be weak, at least at the level of a small boss.

Immediately, he smiled and said, "It's too early for you to say this! Maybe, my strength entering Longyuan Town is only the level of an ordinary town citizen!"

Chen Weifeng hurriedly retorted: "Village Chief, your comprehensive combat power is the third level of heaven. If your strength is only the level of ordinary town residents in Longyuan Town, then almost everyone in Longyuan Town has the third level of strength. What do you think? is it possible?"

As soon as these words came out, all the villagers agreed.

"I also don't think it's possible! If every townsman has the strength of the third level of heaven, then Longyuan Town will be too scary!"

"Yeah! That's unimaginable!

These villagers did not know that the combat power level of ordinary townspeople in Longyuan Town was from the peak of the seventh heaven level to the early stage of the eighth level of heaven.

The mere tertiary level is nothing to Longyuan Town.

"Okay! Stop talking about this! Let's hurry up! As for the strength of Longyuan townspeople, we will soon find out!"

Wang Jun persuaded everyone to stop the controversy.

"The village chief is right! Let's hurry over there!"

"Haha! I also really want to know, what is the strength of the townspeople of Longyuan? I hope the 720s don't let us down!"

"Yeah! I hope their townspeople's combat power level can reach the pinnacle of the prefecture level!"

At the moment, the group of people talked and laughed, and also speeded up, rushing to the Longyuan station

At the same time, the team on the west side was getting closer and closer to the station.

There are more than 5,000 people in this team!

Cao Yuan and the others did not guess wrong!

This team is composed of Baipi, Asan, Yinghua, Bangzi and so on.

Their purpose is to attack the Longyuan station.

The leader was a white-skinned man with a full beard.

His name is Mike, he is at the Earth-level realm, but his comprehensive strength has reached the fourth-level of heaven.

Because he still has an identity, that is, a werewolf, and he is a top werewolf

It is because of the blessing of the werewolf ability that his comprehensive strength has reached the fourth level of heaven.

"Oh! Dear Mike, we are getting closer and closer to the Longyuan station! I can't wait to taste the blood of those Longyuan people!!"

At this moment, a yin and yang strange voice sounded next to Mike.

It was a blond man with white skin.

His name is Louis, he is at the Earth-level realm, and his comprehensive strength has also reached the fourth-level of heaven.

It turned out that he also has a special identity, that is, the Vampire Marquis.

It is precisely because of the ability of the blood clan that he has reached the strength of the fourth level of heaven, and he is also one of the leaders of this group of people.

At this time, Mike smiled: "Oh! My dear friends! I also want to tear them apart! I just don't know, what are the strengths of these dragons? After all, Qin Feng has obtained the divine artifact, so his strength should not be bad?"

The corners of Louis' mouth curled slightly: "Oh! That Qin Feng was lucky to get an artifact. Neither he nor his subordinates will be very strong! After all, Long Yanren's body has always been weak!"

Louis's tone was full of disdain for Long Yanren and Qin Feng.

In fact, they haven't even figured out what the divine artifact is.

It's just the contempt for the Longbiren in their hearts, so they don't feel that there is an artifact to suppress the sky, what's so great?

Instead, they attributed all this to Qin Feng's good luck!

At this time, another stick stepped forward to interject.

"Axi! Then Qin Feng's luck is really good! I really want to grab his artifact, Smecta!"

"Oh! Mr. Cui Zaiyuan, I agree with your idea very much! The people of Longbi are a sick lady. They don't deserve to have artifacts! We white people are more qualified to have artifacts!"

"Lewis, let's go! Let's go to destroy this Longyuan station first! I can already imagine Qin Feng's sad appearance of losing his station! Haha!"

At the moment, this group of white skins and sticks rushed to the station while joking and laughing.

At the same time, the five Cao Yuan were waiting silently at the entrance of the station.

In the blink of an eye, a quarter of an hour passed.

They finally saw a team coming from the east.

It was Wang Jun and others who arrived first

Chapter 566 Contract Dispute! Aggressive!

"The team from the east is here!"

"It seems to be our compatriot Long Bi!"

At this moment, Cao Yuan and others saw Wang Jun and others clearly, their eyes lit up, and their faces showed joy.

Longyuan Town needs a population of more than 25,000 if it wants to rise to level 10 Longyuan City.

They are worrying about how the population will increase.

Now there are more than 700 compatriots, so they see the hope of population growth!

Of course, whether these people are compatriots still has to be confirmed.

Thinking of this, the five Cao Yuan couldn't help but take a deep breath and waited quietly for Wang Jun and others to approach

At the same time, Wang Jun and others also saw the five people in Cao Yuan, and they all showed excitement.

"Village Chief! Look at the five people at the entrance of the station. Yellow skin, black hair, at first glance, we are Longbi people!"