Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Yeah! They should be the citizens of Longyuan Town!"

"Go! Go and have a look!"

At the moment, Wang Jun and the others came over excitedly.

Soon, the two sides were only a few dozen feet apart.

At this time, Wang Jun and others discovered that the five people in Cao Yuan were all in the prefecture-level realm, and they were all above level 35.

It surprised them a little!

Wang Jun, who has the highest level in their village, is only level 32!

At the moment, they couldn't help whispering in a low voice.

"Everyone, these five people are quite high!"

"Yeah! They're all at the prefecture level! Looking at it this way, it seems to be more powerful than Boss Wang Jun!"

"How is that possible! Our boss Wang Jun has three A-level talents, and his comprehensive strength has reached the third level of heaven, and he can easily crush the same level!"

"That's right! Don't think that these five people are higher than Boss Wang Jun, but they are still in the prefecture-level realm. In the same realm, these five people can't be the opponents of Boss Wang Jun!"

These villagers are extremely confident in Wang Jun's strength.

Their discussion was very low, and they didn't want Cao Yuan to hear them.

But these guys underestimated the strength of the five Cao Yuan.

The five people in Cao Yuan had already heard their words clearly!

They couldn't help looking at each other on the ground, revealing a strange color.

Listening to what these people mean, the strongest among them is the third-level genius.

Is this strength too low? !

However, seeing that they communicated in the Longbi language, it can be confirmed that these are all Longbi compatriots!

This is a delightful thing!

Before I knew it, the two sides met!

"My friends, are you all compatriots from Longbi?"

Cao Yuan took the initiative to say hello.

As soon as Cao Yuan spoke, Wang Jun and the others showed joy.

"Great! You can speak the language of Longbi, and you are indeed a native of Longbi!"

Wang Jun and others are a little excited!

They walked for a day and a night, and finally came here, and they were worried that Longyuan Town was not established by the Longbi people.

Although this is unlikely, but it is necessary to confirm it before you can rest assured!

Well now, it has been confirmed that Longyuan Town was established by the Longbi people.

After this confirmation, both sides were full of joy.

"My compatriots, what are you doing at our Longyuan station?"

Cao Yuan asked seriously.

Wang Jun said neither humble nor arrogant: "This compatriot, my name is Wang Jun, is the village head of Junyan Village. This time I brought all the villagers of Junyan Village to join Longyuan Town. I wonder if the mayor of Qin Feng is in the station?"

Wang Jun's meaning is obvious. He came to Longyuan Town and needed Qin Feng to handle it himself. The five Cao Yuan did not have that much weight.

In Wang Jun's bones, there is still a sense of arrogance.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In his opinion, he is a strong man who has mastered three A-level talents.

Although the level of the five people in front of them is higher than him, their strength is not necessarily stronger than him.

But he didn't want to, Cao Yuan smiled slightly: "Brother Wang Jun, you want to take refuge in our Longyuan Town, we are very happy! Our boss is also very supportive of recruiting compatriots."

"However, my boss has a lot of business, he has no time to see you, but his clone can come to see you and help you recruit into the town!"

Doppelganger? !

As soon as those words fell, Wang Jun and others were a little surprised.

This is the first time they have heard that the clone can leave the main body freely.

This Qin Feng is really not easy!

However, isn't this Qin Feng a bit pretentious?

They came all the way to seek refuge, but Qin Feng didn't take the initiative to greet them, he just wanted to send a clone over.

At the moment, Wang Jun and others couldn't help but look at each other face to face, feeling a little disrespected!

However, Qin Feng may be really busy, and he can barely accept it by sending a clone over!

Thinking of this, Wang Jun said: "Okay! This little brother, then you inform Qin Feng's avatar and say that we have come to take refuge!"

Cao Yuan smiled: "It's easy to say! By the way, before you join, there is one thing you need to make clear to you. If you want to join our Longyuan Town, you must sign a master-slave contract with our boss."

"In a while, our boss clone came here to sign a contract for you. If you don't agree, you can't join."

boom!

As soon as these words fell, Wang Jun and the others were in an uproar!

What? !

Joining Longyuan Town, you have to sign a master-slave contract!

This is too outrageous!

They came to seek refuge, not to be servants to Qin Feng.

Immediately, Chen Weifeng complained: "Boss Wang Jun, did you hear me? Joining their Longyuan Town, they asked us to sign a master-slave contract! This is not treating us as compatriots!"

Wang Jun was also annoyed: "Several, your rules are a bit difficult for strongmen, right? Let me tell you the truth! We have come all the way to join you in Longyuan Town, mainly because we don't want to be your enemy."

"After all, we are all compatriots, how can we kill each other! At the same time, because of the divine artifact, your Longyuan Town has become a public enemy of all races, and your situation is in jeopardy!"

"We came to join you, because we are afraid that you compatriots are alone and alone, and those who come to help you defend against foreign enemies are not here to become Qin Feng's servants!"

Cao Yuan smiled bitterly: "Everyone, we are also thinking about the safety of Longyuan Town! In this world, there are many means. Who can guarantee that the compatriots who join in will not be manipulated and turned into traitors? "

"So, for the safety of Longyuan Town, our compatriots who join our Longyuan Town must sign a master-slave contract with our boss. What's more, we Longyuan Town residents have signed a contract with the boss, and they are not treated differently."

Wang Jun was taken aback: "Have you all signed?"

Cao Yuan nodded: "Of course! It is the signing of this contract that brings us infinite benefits. For example, when we have an emergency, the boss's clone can use the space to summon and come to the rescue in an instant."

This remark made Wang Jun's heart move, and he wondered if he should sign a contract?

Chen Weifeng on the side was a little upset!

"Boss Wang Jun, no matter what they say, I don't think it's reasonable to sign a master-slave contract! I want us to join Longyuan Town, but this contract can't be signed!"

Chen Weifeng's tone is very firm!

He is also one of the leaders of Toshihiko Village, and his words still carry some weight.

"This"

At the moment, Wang Jun hesitated.

The villagers also muttered, and many people felt that the contract should not be signed.

Before Cao Yuan spoke, Wei Tao, who had been silent all this time, was a little upset!

"Tell me the truth! Not everyone is qualified to join us in Longyuan Town! Our boss is willing to take you in for the sake of our compatriots. If you change to people from other countries, you are not qualified to join!"

"And after you join us in Longyuan Town, you can get huge benefits. First of all, our huge resource pool in Longyuan Town is open to you, allowing you to quickly improve your strength."

"Secondly, after you join us, when this second round of competition is over, you will be members of the Suppressing Heaven, the only winner of the second round, and will be able to receive a lot of rewards from Heaven."

"On the contrary, if you don't join us, you will become the losers of this second round. You must be cursed by the heavens! Those curses are extremely terrifying, and they may die!"

"It's precisely because of this that our boss thought about recruiting your compatriots because he didn't want you to be cursed. It's fine if you don't appreciate it, and you're still picky!"

"Actually, joining us in Longyuan Town with your strength will only hold us back, and won't do much at all!"

Wei Tao's remarks made several Long Yuan disciples nod.

But Wang Jun and others were immediately stimulated!

One by one is so angry!

This guy actually said that Longyuan Town recruited them as a favor to them!

And when they joined Longyuan Town, they came to hold them back!

It's too bad for them!

Immediately, Chen Weifeng sneered: "You said that we are holding back? It's a joke! If nothing else, our boss Wang Jun is stronger than the five of you! Is this called holding back?"

As soon as these words fell, the people of Toshihiko Village agreed.

"That's right! Although the five of you are quite high-level, our boss Wang Jun is a AAA-level talent expert. You are not his opponents! It is too arrogant to say that we are all dragging our feet!"

"That's right! At least our boss Wang Jun can't hold back!"

"Hey! This breath is too hard to swallow! Boss Wang Jun, challenge one of them and let them see how powerful you are! Lest these five guys really think we are holding back!"

At this moment, the compatriots in Toshihiko Village were all resentful.

Wang Jun was also annoyed.

Immediately, he said: "Five! We are all compatriots, and I don't want to fight with you! However, I still have to be frank and clear. Although I, Wang Jun, are at the earth level, my overall strength is comparable to the third level of heaven."

"Excuse me, how is this kind of strength better than the five of you? How is it better than your leaders in Longyuan Town? Is the third level of the heavens a hindrance in Longyuan Town?"

Wang Jun asked back step by step, his words were sonorous and powerful, and his tone was full of confidence.

He raised his chin slightly and looked at the five Cao Yuan with a proud face.

In his opinion, when the five of Cao Yuan learn that he has the third-level strength, they will be shocked, and they will definitely apologize to him for the words just now.

But they didn't want to, after the five Cao Yuan heard it, they looked at each other with strange expressions.

It's the third level of heaven!

This is a hindrance, a serious drag!

Not to mention the third level of heaven, even if it is the sixth level of heaven, they are a little disgusted!

But, compatriots!

They still have to take care of it!

However, if they don't show the true strength of Longyuan Town, these compatriots will really misunderstand Longyuan Town.

It seems that it is time to let them know the truth!

Maybe after they know the truth, they will take the initiative to take refuge in Longyuan Town.

Thinking of this, the five Cao Yuan looked at each other, thinking about how to show their strength.

Just then, there was a commotion from the west.

Everyone was alarmed and looked at them one after another, and saw a group of western white skins aggressively killing them.

There were more than 5,000 people in that group!

When Wang Jun and others saw this scene, their expressions changed greatly.

"No! It's Baipi, Asan, and the sticks!"

"Damn it! These guys must be coming to Longyuan Town! The five of you, hurry back to the station and call someone!!"

"Yeah! What are the five of you still doing? Hurry back to the station and call someone! We'll stop you for a while!"

At this moment, Wang Jun, Chen Weifeng and others were in a hurry, and they urged Cao Yuan to return to the station to call for reinforcements.

Cao Yuan's five people were moved when they saw this scene.

A compatriot is a compatriot!

Even if there was a quarrel just now, at the critical moment, they are still on their side.

Of course, Cao Yuan and others also know that there is a high probability that those white-skinned people in the West will not take action against Wang Jun and others.