Because they now belong to the alliance forces!

According to the new rules, when alliances fight against each other, points will be deducted. Of course, the points deducted are very few.

"Why are the five of you standing there? Why don't you go back to the station and call someone?"

Seeing Cao Yuan's five people standing still, the grumpy Chen Weifeng jumped in a hurry.

At this time, Cao Yuan said: "The five of us are guarding this station! We won't be able to call anyone when we go back!"

"what!"

These words suddenly made Wang Jun and others dumbfounded, and they all opened their mouths big!

They heard it right, there are only five people guarding this huge station?

At this moment, Cao Yuan's five people looked at those Baipi, Asan, Yinghua, and sticks with excitement.

They are worrying about how to make these compatriots realize the true strength of Longyuan Town.

Now the solution is here!

These white skins, and their lackeys, actually came to the door on their own initiative.

Chapter five hundred and sixty seventh Thunder shot! Slaughter the audience!

"I buy it! We're finally here!"

"Dear Mike! Look over there! Sure enough, it's a group of dragons!"

"Oh! I hate their black hair and yellow skin!"

At this moment, Louis and a group of people showed excitement in their eyes, as if a pack of wolves had met their prey!

Wang Jun and others panicked!

One by one you look at me, I look at you, a little overwhelmed!

There are too many people on the other side, more than 5,000 people!

And there are only 700 of them here!

Even if they wanted to help the five Cao Yuan, they were not opponents at all!

"Boss Wang Jun, what should we do?!"

At this moment, the people of Toshihiko Village were anxious!

They are worried about the lives of the five Cao Yuan people.

This group of white skins and their lackeys clearly came to Longyuan Town.

But the huge Longyuan station is only guarded by five people from Caoyuan!

That is more than 5,000 people against five people!

You don't need to think about it to know that the five people in Cao Yuan are dead!

It's just that Wang Jun and the others didn't find out that Cao Yuan and the others looked at Louis and his group, but their eyes were glowing with excitement!

Like five tigers staring at a group of lambs!

Whoa!

In just a moment, Louis and his party rushed forward.

"Five of you, run away! Let's block you for a while!"

Seeing this, Wang Jun took the initiative to stand in front of the five Cao Yuan.

Li Weifeng and others followed closely.

It was at this moment that Louis and the others arrived.

The two sides face off!

The atmosphere in the field was instantly tense!

Louis looked at Wang Jun and the others with a playful expression.

Ah! There are only a few hundred Longbi people!

They have more than 5,000 people, and they can easily kill all these hundreds of people!

But in the next second, he realized something was wrong!

"Oh! Fake! You are not from Longyuan Town!"

Louis quickly found out the identities of Wang Jun and others, and couldn't help frowning.

"Oh! Dear Louis, look at the five people behind them! Those five people are from Longyuan Town!"

Mike's eyes were sharp, and he saw the five Cao Yuan at once.

Louis hurriedly followed the sound and found the five of Cao Yuan, and his eyes lit up with excitement!

According to the new competition rules, people who kill Longyuan Town can get a lot of rewards and points.

"Oh! I finally saw the people in Longyuan Town! This friend, get out of the way! Don't hinder us from killing the people in Longyuan Town!"

Louis looked at Wang Jun coldly.

This nasty guy actually blocked his way.

"Sorry! I will not allow you to harm my fellow man!"

Wang Jun stood firmly in front of him!

Louis frowned: "Oh! Stupid Longbiren! You are on the same front as us now! Our enemy is only Longyuan Town! Are you thinking about maintaining Longyuan Town? Are you out of your mind?"

Wang Jun sneered: "We Longbi are different from your white skins! We will not attack our compatriots for profit! Your white skins are different. For profit, you can do anything!"

Louis was furious: "Fake squid! You idiot! Do you think I won't do anything to you?!"

Although as the same faction, you will be deducted points for killing each other, but killing one person will also deduct 10 points!

With those 10 points, Louis can still afford it!

Wang Jun said coldly, "Whether you dare or not! I won't let you kill my compatriots!"

"Fake squid!"

Louis is furious!

"Axi! This nasty dragon! I'll meet him!"

At this moment, Cui Zaiyuan behind Louis suddenly rushed out and rushed directly to Wang Jun.

Cui Zaiyuan knew that Louis was afraid and did not want to be deducted.

In order to please the white skin of Louis, he took the initiative to rush out and teach Wang Jun a lesson!

Swish!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A burst of vitality rolls!

Choi Jae-won killed Wang Jun!

His aura of combat power that was comparable to the second level of the heavens broke out!

"Oh! Great! Cui Sang shot!"

"Cui Zaiyuan Ouba! Hurry up and blow up this nasty Longbiren, Smecta!"

At this time, the people on the white skin side cheered loudly, looking a little excited! !

Cui Zaiyuan is the third-ranked top expert in their white skin alliance, and his strength is comparable to the second level of heaven!

These white skins and lackeys are full of confidence in Cui Zaiyuan!

In their opinion, with Cui Zaiyuan's shot, Wang Jun, a man from Longbi, will have bad luck!

boom!

A burst of vitality!

Cui Zaiyuan punched Wang Jun's facade with all his strength!

That punch was fast and hard!

The momentum is extremely fierce!

"roll!"

Wang Jun directly punched him!

In the blink of an eye, two fists collide!

boom!

Just a muffled sound!

Choi Jae-won was blown away!

Baipi's voice came to an abrupt end!

One by one is a little dumbfounded!

Cui Zaiyuan is their third master!

He was blown away by this dragon!

This dragon is so strong!

This time, the white-skinned people looked at Wang Jun one after another, and they couldn't help showing surprise in the depths of their eyes!

Even Lewis and Mike looked at Wang Jun in surprise!

They also didn't expect that this Longbi person had such strength!

At the same time, the people of Toshihiko Village were very proud!

Their boss is not ordinary, and he shocked the audience as soon as he made a move!

Then Chen Weifeng looked at Wei Tao even more proudly.

"See? This is the strength of our boss Wang Jun! Is this a drag?"

The corners of Chen Weifeng's mouth were still slightly upturned, as if he was raising his eyebrows.

Obviously, he is still brooding about what Wei Tao said before!

This guy actually said they were holding back!

Have your eyes opened now?

But as soon as these words fell, the field changed suddenly!

boom! boom!

I saw Mike and Louis, slaughtering Wang Jun at the same time!

At that moment, Mike's aura exploded, instantly turning into a werewolf, and his aura suddenly reached the fourth level of heaven!

At the same moment, Louis also instantly turned into a vampire state, with sharp teeth in his mouth, blood and energy all over his body tumbling, and he also reached the fourth level of heaven!

"Be careful!"

This sudden scene made Li Weifeng and others exclaim!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the two of Louis had already killed Wang Jun and shot at the same time!

boom! boom!

Two loud bangs!

Wang Jun screamed and vomited blood and flew out!

The people of Toshihiko Village were dumbfounded!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the two of them culled again!

In the blink of an eye, the two of Louis chased and killed them.

At this time, Wang Jun fell to the ground and was about to get up.

Swish!