I saw Mike's wolf claws wave, and the sharp claws cut directly at Wang Jun's throat, like a dagger, extremely terrifying!

At the same moment, Louis stabbed Wang Jun in the chest with a sword!

At this moment, Wang Jun was injured and got up halfway again, and there was no time to dodge.

And both of Louis are at the fourth level of heaven, stronger than him.

This time, his situation is very critical!

"not good!"

The villagers of Toshihiko were even more anxious and exclaimed loudly!

The two of Louis are grinning!

They just want to join forces to kill Wang Jun, so as to deter those irrelevant Longbi people and let them not interfere in the affairs of Longyuan Town!

In the blink of an eye, the attack of the two of Louis is about to fall!

Wang Jun's eyes widened in horror, and there was a look of despair in his eyes.

The villagers of Junyan also exclaimed in despair!

call out!

At this extremely critical moment, a light and shadow rushed out of the crowd and rushed to Wang Jun in an instant!

That person is Cao Yuan!

Swish!

I saw a cold light flashing in Cao Yuan's hand, and the sword qi shot up into the sky, directly slashing at the two of Louis!

Click! Click!

Two consecutive beeps!

Blood splashed again and again!

With just one knife, the two of Louis were cut into two pieces!Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Pfft! Pfft!

The bodies of the two of Louis fell to the ground continuously, making a dull sound!

The whole place was silent in an instant!

Everyone opened their eyes wide and looked at Cao Yuan in disbelief!

At that moment, the air seemed to freeze!

Cao Yuan glanced at the corpse on the ground at random, and then turned to look at Wei Tao and the others.

"What are you four doing? Work!"

As soon as these words fell, Wei Tao and the four showed a knowing smile!

At this moment, the people of the White Leather Alliance also came to their senses, and they all shouted angrily!

"I'm a fool! This person from Longyuan Town killed Louis and Lord Mike!"

"Assie! Kill him! Revenge! Revenge for Lord Louis!"

"Bagfang Road! Kill him!"

boom!

At the moment, those 5,000 people came together to kill Cao Yuan with monstrous anger, and the momentum was extremely amazing!

"Haha! Just in time!"

Cao Yuan laughed and took the initiative to slaughter the five thousand people.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At the same time, Wei Tao and the others also rushed out of the crowd and killed the more than 5,000 people!

In just an instant, the two sides were at war!

But the next second, everyone was dumbfounded!

When the five of Cao Yuan made a move, they were murderous!

Every time they make a shot, they can bombard and kill dozens of people, like destroying the rotten tree, killing those Baipi, Asan, Yinghua, and sticks!

All of a sudden, the blood in the field continued to splash!

Terrible screams, one after another!

"Imbuy! They're too strong! Too strong!"

"Escape! Escape!"

"Oh! God! Don't kill me! Don't kill me! I surrender!"

As soon as the two sides made contact, the white skin side completely collapsed and began to run away!

How could the five Cao Yuan let them go?

They started killing each other!

The combat power of the five gods at the seventh level broke out at this moment!

Click! Click! Click!

puff! puff! puff!

Suddenly, corpses were scattered everywhere in the field, and the blood flowed into rivers!

In less than three minutes, Cao Yuan's five people swept the audience, killing the more than 5,000 people!

The five people also lit up the upgraded white light!

This made Cao Yuan five people very satisfied!

Wang Jun and others were completely dumbfounded!

They held their breaths one by one, stunned on the spot, not even daring to breathe

Chapter Five Hundred and Sixty-Eight Thousands Return! Harvest again and again!

Oh my God!

In less than three minutes, more than 5,000 people were killed!

These five people are too strong!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it at all!

At this moment, Wang Jun and others stared blankly at the five Cao Yuan, with awe in their eyes!

Having said that, Louis's group are not weak!

If they face off against the people from Junyan Village, they will only be wiped out!

But Cao Yuan's five people were so easy to destroy Louis and others!

In other words, any one of Cao Yuan's five people can kill them all in one minute!

At this thought, Wang Jun and others were even more in awe!

"Boss, all five of them are at the seventh level of heaven!"

At this moment, Chen Weifeng muttered in a low voice, his throat a little dry.

Wang Jun and the others also swallowed a mouthful of water.

The seventh level of heaven!

In their eyes, waiting like a heaven and a human being is an existence that they cannot hope to reach!

The strength of Longyuan Town is really too strong!

Just a few people come out, they are all at the seventh level of heaven!

It looks like the strongest one of them is only the third heaven level, and the rest are below the peak of the earth level.

At this moment, Wang Jun and others realized that what Wei Tao said before should be true.

After a long time, it was them who were beaten in the face!

At this time, the five people from Cao Yuan had returned to the entrance of the station.

Everyone looked at their expressions with more respect.

"Brother Wang Jun, what are your plans next?"

Cao Yuan was still very enthusiastic and did not put on airs at all.

Wang Jun smiled bitterly: "This friend, I was the one who took care of me before, so I'll let you guys see a joke!"

Cao Yuan smiled and said, "Brother Wang Jun, we are all compatriots. Don't worry about what happened just now!"

Wang Jun hesitated for a while and said, "My friend, I would like to ask, with the strength of the five of you, you should be ranked first in Longyuan Town, right?"

As soon as these words fell, the eyes of the people in Junyan Village lit up and their ears perked up!

yes!

Five Heavenly Rank Seventh Layer Powerhouses!

That must be ranked first in Longyuan Town!

If it weren't for the fact that these five people were very strong, why would Longyuan Town only send five of them to guard the garrison?

But they didn't want to, Cao Yuan's five people looked at each other face to face, which seemed a little embarrassing.

Afterwards, Cao Yuan smiled bitterly: "Brother, can you not ask this embarrassing question?"

"Awkward?!"

Wang Jun was stunned, a little puzzled.

Cao Yuan sighed: "That's it! I'll tell you the truth! The five of us were assigned to guard the station because of our poor strength. It's a little shameful to say this!"

boom!

As soon as these words fell, Wang Jun and the others were shocked, their eyes widened, almost thinking they heard it wrong!

At this time, Wei Tao also smiled bitterly: "Let's be honest with you! The five of us are the bottom of Longyuan Town! Longyuan Town is much stronger than us!"

"The battle power of the eighth level of heaven is everywhere! There are hundreds of people in the ninth level of heaven, and there are more than 30 people at the peak of heaven!"

Oh my God!

These remarks made Wang Jun and the others so shocked that their jaws almost dropped!

For a while, the audience was silent!

After a while, everyone came back to their senses!

Wang Jun sighed: "Hey! Five, it turns out that you are telling the truth. Joining Longyuan Town with our strength has really dragged you down!"

As soon as these words fell, the children of Junyan Village all smiled wryly, feeling embarrassed.

Thinking about their self-righteousness before, many people want to find a ground seam to get in, which is really embarrassing!

Even the somewhat arrogant Chen Weifeng was blushing at the moment, feeling a little embarrassed!

The truth is so smashing!

Immediately, Wang Jun said, "Five, I'm disturbing you this time!"

Then, he looked at the villagers again: "Let's go back!"

As soon as the words fell, Wang Jun and the others turned to leave.

Cao Yuan was stunned: "Brother Wang Jun, are you still struggling with the contract?"

Wang Jun turned back and smiled bitterly: "Brother, it's the truth! It's not about the contract now! It's because we don't have the qualifications to sign the contract, and we really don't want to drag our compatriots back!"

As soon as these words fell, all the villagers showed a wry smile.

The village chief's words touched their hearts.

Some of them do not even have prefecture-level strength.