Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Joining Longyuan Town with such strength, I am afraid that Longyuan Town will be dragged down!

They are also embarrassed to implicate Longyuan Town!

Having said that, they originally wanted to help Longyuan Town, but in the end they found out that they were here to drag their feet. This goes against their original intention!

At this time, Cao Yuan smiled and said, "Brother, you are worrying too much! If you want to join, our boss is very welcome! We are all compatriots, so don't gossip about holding you back!"

"To be honest! Wei Tao and I joined Longyuan Town halfway through. Before we joined Longyuan Town, we were still in the human-level realm, and our strength did not reach the prefecture-level threshold. But after joining Longyuan Town, our strength has improved by leaps and bounds. "

"The same reason, as long as you join Longyuan Town. Your strength will definitely improve by leaps and bounds in a short period of time and catch up with a few of us. It is only a matter of time."

Wang Jun was shocked: "How is this possible?!"

Cao Yuan looked confident: "Of course it is possible! After you join Longyuan Town, you will gradually discover the power of our boss Qin Feng! If our children of Long Yuan can have the strength they are today, everything is the boss of Qin Feng. brought!"

"To be honest, Brother Wang Jun, I think you are a strong triple-A talent, your potential and talent are stronger than mine. If you join Long Yuan, it won't be long before you can surpass me!"

This remark made Wang Jun feel hot.

But he still couldn't imagine it!

Just relying on the strength of one person will make Long Yuan so strong. How does that Qin Feng exist?

Could it be God? !

At this time, Wei Tao also said: "Brother Wang Jun, I said before that you were holding back, but it was just a momentary anger. Think of me and Cao Yuan, who joined Longyuan Town back then and were the only two human-level realms in Longyuan Town. It also came from being dragged."

"But the compatriots in Longyuan Town, no one dislikes us, but is helping us improve our strength. Boss Qin Feng treats us equally!"

"Besides, what will you do if you don't join our Longyuan Town? Don't forget, this second round of hegemony is over, and there is only one winner. That winner must be our Longyuan Town!"

"The rest of the forces will be judged as losers and will be punished by Heavenly Dao. Heavenly Dao has always been ruthless, and its punishment is not small!"

As soon as they heard Tiandao's punishment, Wang Jun and others suddenly changed their expressions, and they were a little scared.

They have experienced the power of heavenly punishment until now, and many people have been wiped out under the punishment of heavenly way.

At the moment, some people's beliefs are shaken!

"Boss Wang Jun, let's join Longyuan Town!"

"Yeah! Just join in!"

Many people whispered quietly!Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Wang Jun couldn't help but take a deep breath!

Although they are a little embarrassed to join in this way, they can save their lives after all!

What's more, in this killing world, everywhere is full of murderous intentions.

Even if they endured the second round of the curse of heaven, who can guarantee that they will be fine in the future?

Even if he doesn't consider his own face, he should also consider the life and death of the villagers.

Thinking of this, Wang Jun smiled bitterly: "Brother Wei Tao's words are true! If we don't join Longyuan Town, the future is indeed uncertain! Just our joining, will it drag down Longyuan Town?"

Wei Tao smiled and said, "Brother, you underestimate the heritage of our Longyuan Town! You can't bring down our Longyuan Town!"

Wang Jun breathed a sigh of relief: "That's good! In this case, our Junyan Village will join Longyuan Town!"

As soon as these words fell, the villagers of Toshihiko showed joy.

The five of Cao Yuan are also overjoyed!

At the moment, Cao Yuan said: "Brother wait a moment! I will notify Qin Feng's avatar now!"

Wang Jun hurriedly said: "By the way, brother Cao Yuan, I want to ask you something?"

"you say!"

"What is the strength of Mayor Qin Feng?"

As soon as these words came out, everyone looked at Cao Yuan with curiosity.

They are very curious, Cao Yuan is so strong, how strong is Qin Feng? !

Cao Yuan smiled slightly: "Brother Wang Jun, what do you think of my strength?"

Wang Jun praised sincerely: "It's very strong!"

Cao Yuan smiled bitterly: "As far as my strength is concerned, in front of our boss, I can't even count as an ant! As long as he wants to, he can kill me with one look!"

What? !

Can one look kill Cao Yuan? !

Everyone was completely shocked!

After a long while, Wang Jun came back to his senses!

He couldn't help swallowing his saliva and asked carefully, "Brother Cao Yuan, is Mayor Qin Feng really that strong? If he can kill you with his eyes, isn't that a god?"

Cao Yuan smiled slightly: "Brother, do you know what realm is above the realm of heaven?"

"It seems to be a demigod!"

"What about the demigod realm and above?"

"This is not clear! In my eyes, a demigod is already a god!"

Wang Jun sighed infinitely.

As for the existence of demigods, he has only heard of it, and he is not qualified to connect.

Cao Yuan smiled proudly: "In fact, above the demigods, it is the False God Realm. And the False God Realm is divided into the initial stage, the middle stage, the peak, and the limit. Generally speaking, if you step into the False God Realm, you are already a god."

"Our boss's current strength should be at the peak of False God. Do you think he is a **** now?!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience was in an uproar!

"My God! So strong!"

"Yeah! Too strong! Really too strong!"

"No wonder Longyuan Town is so strong! It turns out that there is a god-level existence like Mayor Qin Feng!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed, and their voices were a little excited!

It is definitely a great opportunity for them to be under the command of such a strong man, and if they have the protection of God!

At the moment, Wang Jun said excitedly: "Boss Cao Yuan, please send a message to Lord Qin Feng's avatar, telling us to request to join Longyuan Town!"

"Yes! Brother Cao Yuan, please send a message!"

Then Li Weifeng couldn't help urging.

The villagers also showed impatient expressions.

"Good talk!"

Cao Yuan smiled slightly, opened the chat channel, and sent a message to Qin Feng's clone.

It didn't take long for a white light to flash in the field!

A stalwart figure appeared in the sky above everyone!

Wang Jun and the others looked up and saw that the person who came was a young man in his twenties, with an extraordinary temperament and a noble appearance!

The audience was immediately amazed!

"very handsome!"

Everyone was amazed!

Some of the female villagers in the crowd were even more amazed!

The person here is the Moon Spirit clone!

"Boss!"

"Boss, you are here!"

When Cao Yuan and the others saw Yueling's avatar, they were delighted to come forward to meet her!

Wang Jun and others suddenly understood that the person who came was Qin Feng's avatar.

flower 0

All of a sudden, they looked nervous and looked at Yueling's avatar one by one.

Up to now, they already know that Qin Feng is an existence at the peak of the False God, a real god-level existence. How can they not be in awe?

It's just that they didn't expect that Qin Feng was so young and so handsome, so handsome.

Even the star Xiao Xianrou on Blue Star was not as good as one percent of Qin Feng's!

In fact, Cao Yuan, Wang Jun and others didn't know that Qin Feng's current comprehensive strength had already surpassed the peak of the False God and reached the limit of the False God.

Not to mention Qin Feng himself, even if the strength of Qin Feng's four clones has reached the threshold of the virtual **** limit.

Not only that, Qin Feng is still working hard to sprint to the threshold of the true god, and he is getting closer and closer to this goal.

And Cao Yuan's evaluation of Qin Feng's strength is still in the first battle of the six ancestors, which is a bit outdated.

Of course, you can't blame him!

Qin Feng's strength has always been improving very fast, always exceeding the greatest imagination of his subordinates!

Therefore, every time Qin Feng makes a move, it will shock all his subordinates and make them sigh!

This time is no exception. Cao Yuan once again underestimated Qin Feng's progress.

However, even so, Wang Jun and others were completely shocked!

At this time, Yueling's clone slowly fell and came to Cao Yuan's side.

"Boss, this brother Wang Jun! He brought his compatriots here and wants to join us!"

Cao Yuan warmly introduced it.

Yueling's clone smiled and nodded, and was quite happy in her heart.

What Longyuan Town lacks the most right now is the population!

This Wang Jun brought more than 700 people, which just made up for the regret of Longyuan Town, making Longyuan Town one step further away from the 10th-level city.

"Wang Jun, the village chief of Junyan Village, has seen Lord Qin Feng!"

0

At this time, Wang Jun stepped forward with great respect and greeted the avatar of Yueling.

Yueling's clone smiled slightly: "They are all compatriots, so you don't have to be so polite! By the way, to join our rules of Longyuan Town, I think Cao Yuan has already told you?"

Wang Jun said a little embarrassedly: "I know that to join Longyuan Town, we need to sign a contract, and we are willing to sign a contract! The only worry is, will the joining of us people drag down Longyuan Town?"

Yueling clone smiled and said: "With the resources of our Longyuan Town, even if we increase the population by 100,000, it can be cultivated. The joining of several hundred of you will not let us affect us at all!"

Wang Jun was overjoyed: "That's great! Lord Qin Feng, please sign a contract for us quickly!"

At this moment, Wang Jun's tone was a little impatient.

The Toshihiko villagers are also gearing up, looking forward to joining.

"it is good!"

The Moon Spirit clone smiled slightly, then broke the blood and opened the Soul Dao contract.

As soon as his fingertips were broken, he drew a contract blood talisman in the air, using his blood as a guide, which turned into more than 700 copies in the air, and flew to the eyebrows of Wang Jun and others.

After a quarter of an hour, all contracts are signed!

Wang Jun and others also all joined Longyuan Town!

So far, the population of Longyuan Town has reached 21,000!

At this moment, the exclamations of Wang Jun and others were constantly heard in the field!

"My God! Longyuan Town's resources are so rich!"

"Yes! So much wood! So much stone!"

"My God! There are millions of frozen ice stones that we can't find in the warehouse of Longyuan Town!"

"And Fire Glass! Aoki Core! Wow! It's almost everything!"

"Yeah! So cool! So exciting!"