Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, all the newcomers were completely stunned by the astronomical resources of Longyuan Town!

Afterwards, they were all ecstatic and excited!

This represents their future development path, and they no longer have to worry about resources!

Seeing everyone's joy, Yueling's clone was also happy for the increase in the population of Longyuan Town.

This solicitation is a great joy!

At this moment, Wang Jun came over again and respectfully took out a title deed card.

"Boss, from today onwards, I am a citizen of Longyuan Town! This land deed card means nothing to me. I wonder if it will be of any use to you?"

Yueling clone's eyes lit up and took it over.

This land deed card is meaningful to Qin Feng.

Now that the rules of the competition have changed, the land deed card that originally challenged the forces can be converted into the territory of Longyuan Town after being obtained by Longyuan Town.

And Qin Feng's 50,000-star unlocking requires 100 sites.

His current site count is only 83, with 17 remaining.

Now with this title deed card, it is equivalent to another land.

"Very good! This deed card is of some use to me!"

Yueling's clone is happy and put away.

Wang Jun also showed joy.

Finally got some credit for it!

At this time, Cao Yuan also came over.

"Boss, these are the three land deed cards that the five of us killed by killing those white skins!"

Cao Yuan handed over three more land deed cards.

Yue Ling's clone couldn't help but smile.

It seems that those white leather alliances are composed of three village forces.

This is a good time, allowing him to get 3 more power sites.

In this way, his site has finally reached 87, and he is one step closer to the goal of 100.

"well-done!"

At the moment, Yueling's clone happily accepted the three land deed cards

Chapter 569 Qualification upgrade! Unlimited potential!

After Yueling's clone received the land deed card, Wang Jun spoke again.

"Lord Qin Feng, we have joined Longyuan Town, please arrange tasks for us!"

Wang Jungong welcomes you.

As soon as these words fell, all the newcomers looked at Yueling's avatar with respect.

After signing the contract, the newcomers paid respect to Qin Feng from the bottom of their hearts.

Yueling clone smiled slightly: "Your mission is very simple, just stay in this station and improve your strength with all your strength, and you don't have to worry about the rest!"

Hearing this, everyone was moved!

Knew it!

The boss recruited them out of comradeship and out of care for them.

It seems that they have to work hard, they can't drag Long Yuan's hind legs and lose the kindness of the big boss.

With this in mind, the newcomers respect Qin Feng even more!

"By the way, your foundation is relatively weak, and it will be difficult for you to catch up with you! Fortunately, I have some medicinal herbs here, which are suitable for you to take!"

The Yueling clone waved again, and thousands of medicinal pills flew out and fell into the hands of the newcomers, each of whom got ten medicinal pills.

"My God! These are the fifth-order pills!"

"My God! It's really a fifth-order medicinal pill!"

"Tier five! It's too precious! It's too precious!"

"Wuuu! The highest-ranking medicinal pill that my sister has ever seen in her life is only second-ranked. As soon as the boss made a move, he rewarded the fifth-ranking medicinal pill, or ten! It was so touching!"

At this moment, the newcomers looked at the fifth-order medicinal pill in their hands, and their lips were shaking with excitement.

Even Wang Jun is no exception, his excitement is beyond words!

Just these ten fifth-order medicinal pills can completely make his strength break through to the fourth level of heaven.

"Thank you boss!"

At the moment, Wang Jun and others stepped forward to thank him, and their respect for Qin Feng soared again.

The five people from Cao Yuan on the side also looked envious!

Fifth-order medicinal herbs!

Great for them too!

Seeing the newcomers so excited, Yueling's clone showed a relieved smile.

These fifth-order medicinal herbs are his body, refined during this period of time.

Hundreds of thousands of furnaces and millions of pieces have been refined from his body.

In the eyes of Wang Jun and others, these fifth-order medicinal herbs are rare treasures, and one is hard to find!

But in Qin Feng's eyes, there are too many to use up, and it is nothing at all!

In fact, the fifth-order medicinal herbs are no longer useful to Qin Feng.

What can be effective for him now is at least the eighth-order medicinal herbs.

And Qin Feng's alchemy this time has his own order.

He first used those fifth-order spiritual flowers and spirits to refine fifth-order medicinal herbs.

Then use the sixth-order spirit flower and spirit grass to refine the sixth-order medicine pill.

Then refine the seventh-order spirit flower and spirit grass, and so on.

After all, the higher the level of medicinal pills, the more difficult it is to refine!

He first refines those low-level medicinal herbs, improves his alchemy technique, and then refines high-level medicinal herbs, and the success rate is high.

In fact, Qin Feng's method is very effective.

On this day and night, his alchemy skills have been advancing by leaps and bounds.

Today, his success rate in refining fifth-order medicinal pills has already reached 100%, and he does not need endless extraction to deal with waste pills, because no waste pills are produced at all.

In this day and night of refining, he has finished refining the fifth-order spiritual flowers and spirits in the flower sea, and now he is refining the sixth-order spiritual pill!

"Cao Yuan, the five of you have done a good job in guarding, and these medicinal herbs are for you!"

The Yueling clone waved again, and dozens of milky white medicinal pills flew towards the five people in Caoyuan.

The five of Cao Yuan took the medicine pill, and they were surprised.

It turned out that the Moon Spirit clones rewarded them with sixth-order medicinal pills, ten pills per person.

"Thank you boss!"

The five people from Cao Yuan stepped forward and thanked them excitedly.

The Yueling clone smiled and said, "You're welcome! Take Wang Jun and others to practice here and help them improve their strength quickly!"

"Don't worry, boss! We will try our best to help!"

The five of Cao Yuan quickly took orders.

The Yueling clone nodded in relief, and then disappeared into white light.

He just got four land deed cards, and he has to include those four sites into the sphere of influence of Longyuan Town to increase the number of sites in Longyuan Town, so that he can unlock the 50,000-star feedback for the ontology as soon as possible.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng's 1023 fission variants are all in the process of alchemy.

With the day and night of alchemy, his alchemy skills have advanced greatly, and the operation of the alchemy process has become more and more proficient.

Looking at the sea of ​​​​flowers below, it has been reduced by one-seventh.

Those fifth-order spirit flowers and spirit grasses have all been digested.

At this moment, he is digesting the sixth-order spirit flower and spirit grass.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Boom!

It was at this moment that a change occurred in the field!

The 1024th fission variant suddenly burst into golden light, rising into the sky.

Immediately afterwards, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in his sea of ​​consciousness.

[Refining Jade Pulp Divine Pill (Lower Grade Divine Rank) succeeded! The upper limit of your cultivation qualifications has been greatly improved]

【Congratulations on your qualification upgrade! Your comprehension is increased by 10%]

【Congratulations on your qualification upgrade! After you comprehend the talent, the probability of obtaining the skill is doubled]

【Congratulations on your qualification upgrade! The four-dimensional index of your level upgrade doubles]

【Congratulations on your qualification upgrade! The four-dimensional index of your vocation upgrade has doubled]

【Congratulations on your qualification upgrade! The upper limit of your refining Holy Land Divine Essence is increased by 50%]

Boom!

For a while!

All visions disappeared!

The 1024th fission variant slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

The jade syrup has been refined!

His aptitude has improved a lot!

However, some of the benefits of this aptitude improvement cannot be seen for the time being, and he needs to dig for himself in the future.

Of course, there are immediate benefits too!

It is 50% higher than the upper limit of refining holy land Divine Essence!

The upper limit of his refining Holy Land Divine Essence is 2000, an increase of 50%, otherwise it will become 3000.

Exactly, he still has 2,000 Divine Essence in his hand!

Thinking of this, the fission variant happily took out a Divine Essence, and his eyes were full of joy.

good! good!

He can refine these Divine Essences again to improve his strength.

One Divine Essence can increase the combat power by 300 stars.

One thousand pieces can increase the combat power of 300,000 stars!

This is not a small amount!

Having said that, this Divine Essence refines very quickly!

Under the action of the time force field, it only takes a few minutes to refine one!

Thinking of this, the fission body will swallow the divine essence and prepare to refine it!

Now, Qin Feng is going all out in order to hit the 1400-star combat power target.

After all, his basic combat power is only 8.2 million stars, and his comprehensive combat power is 1010 stars, which is far from 1400 stars.

Of course, he hadn't counted the sacrifices of Feng Xi's three daughters and Jumang.