Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

In fact, he didn't clearly point out whether the strength of the reincarnation ancestor he learned from the storage ring of the old Baihe was a sacrifice.

If the information in the storage ring revealed the strength of the reincarnation ancestor, it would be terrible if the sacrificial power of his ten messengers was not counted.

Therefore, Qin Feng feels that his combat power can reach 1400 stars without sacrifice, which is more guaranteed.

Now, he can improve his basic combat power by refining the divine essence of the Holy Land, which naturally makes him very happy.

Thinking of this, the fission body will no longer waste time, it will swallow the refining

call out! call out! call out!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Countless streaks of white light came from the sky, madly pouring into his body

[Your wood spirit clone successfully killed the guardian (the eighth level of the sky), you get +11,000 attribute points, +91 million energy points, and +2000 points. 】

[Your Wood Spirit clone successfully killed the Guardian (Seventh Heavenly Level), you get +08,700 attribute points, +76 million energy points, and +1400 points. 】

[Your wood spirit clone is integrated with the title deed card, and the number of your site increases to….]

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, integral points, and energy values ​​are skyrocketing wildly!

That fission variant showed a smile!

It turned out that it was the wood spirit clone that destroyed a guardian force, which brought him a lot of feedback.

He has long been surprised!

In just one day and one night, his four clones destroyed a lot of guardian forces, bringing him a lot of feedback and making him a very rich harvest.

It's just that he has been too busy to have time to check the harvest.

At this moment, he is also in a hurry to refine Divine Essence, and has no time to check the attribute points he has harvested. How many have accumulated?

But this idea came to him, and an upgraded white light lit up on him!

【Your level has been promoted to level 61! 】

【Your strength index increases by 1000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 1000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 1000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 1000 points! 】

【You get 500 free attributes! 】

"Hey! It's all upgraded!"

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised!

Since this time, he has been in retreat, relying on four clones to take care of the outside.

I didn't expect it to be upgraded so quickly!

In this way, he has definitely gained a lot of attribute points!

Qin Feng was overjoyed at this thought.

Having said that, after he rose to level 61, the attributes of the four-dimensional index increased, and it improved a lot!

That's a good thing!

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

But this thought only came up, and Tiandao sent another reminder.

[It is detected that your cultivation aptitude has improved, and your upgraded four-dimensional index doubles]

【In this upgrade, your various indexes are increased as follows】

【Your strength index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2000 points! 】

【You get 1000 free attributes! 】

boom!

Qin Feng's heart was shocked and he was greatly surprised!

The benefits of qualification improvement are here!

Now, every time he upgrades one level, the attribute points increase by 4500 points, which is nearly 100 more star combat power.

Don't look at this 100-star combat power is not much, each level will have more 100-star combat power, very little becomes more, the later stage, the more behind the background.

What's more, when he reaches level 70 or above, the extra attribute points will definitely be more than 4,500 points. It is likely to be doubled to more than 9,000 points, that is, each level will have an extra 200-star combat power.

When it reaches level 80 and above, it doubles again, that is, each level has an extra 400-star combat power.

After reaching level 90 and above, it may be doubled again, and each level has an additional 800-star combat power.

Such accumulation will eventually overwhelm the masters of the same level.

The benefits brought by this aptitude improvement are subtle, and the more you get to the later stage, the more obvious the effect will be!

At this thought, Qin Feng was very happy.

By the way, they have been upgraded!

How about that mang?

Thinking of his new darling again, Qin Feng thought about it and communicated with Jumang.

After a while, there was joy in his eyes.

He felt it!

It has only been a day since Jumang has risen to level 11, and his combat power has also risen to 1.05 million stars.

This great progress exceeded his expectations and made him very satisfied!

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer pays attention to those trivial matters.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

As soon as his mind moved, the fission variant swallowed the divine essence and began to refine the divine essence.

In this way, Qin Feng continued to retreat!

The external conquest of Longyuan Town is also in full swing!

The competition in the other nine major regions is also very intense!

The reincarnation clan in the seventh division has already captured six divine artifacts.

At the same time, a super-powerful clan also appeared in the ninth division, and was also grabbing the heaven-suppressing fetish everywhere.

Behind that super strong clan, there is also a powerful hider!

For this matter, neither Longyuan Town nor the Samsara clan knew about it!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, it was the third day of the competition!

The number of sites in Longyuan Town has increased to 92, which is closer to the goal of 100.

During this period of time, Longyuan Town also recruited 3 batches of Longbi compatriots, and the population increased to 23,000 to 1.1 people.

At the same time, they also killed tens of thousands of Baipi, Asan, and Bangzi who didn't know what to do!

In a blink of an eye, it was the morning of the fourth day of the competition!

On this day, in zero-degree space.

In a corner, Qin Feng's thirty fission variants opened his eyes from the meditation at the same time, and his face was full of joy.

It turns out that these thirty fission bodies are refining the Holy Land Divine Essence!

In order to speed up the refining of Divine Essence, Qin Feng arranged thirty fission variants to refine Divine Essence at the same time.

Just now, he finally finished refining 1,000 Saint Yuan.

So far, his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 8.5 million stars, and his comprehensive combat power has risen to 10.6 million stars, which is another big increase!

This makes Qin Feng very satisfied!

"That's right! An hour ago, the number of sites in Longyuan Town reached 99, and we are just one last site away from unlocking the 50,000-star feedback! I don't know when this last site will be obtained?"

At this moment, Qin Feng muttered in his heart, full of expectations.

Just after the expansion in the past few days, it is not only him who has improved, Long Yuan's strength has also increased greatly!

Those with a combat power of 50,000 stars have already exceeded 3,000.

As long as 50,000 stars are successfully unlocked, he will be able to get a huge amount of feedback, which makes people feel hot just thinking about it.

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Blue Star Announcement: In the seventh division, the reincarnation patriarch at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty has successfully condensed the second 'Suppressing Heaven Artifact' and received a +100 reputation reward. 】

boom!

As soon as this news came out, it immediately caused a sensation in the entire Blue Star Realm!

Qin Feng was also shocked!

The speed at which the reincarnations gathered the divine artifact exceeded his expectations.

Chapter five hundred and seventieth mysterious prophecy! Pages in the Book of Gods!

"The reincarnation family condensed the divine artifact so quickly, its strength must be extremely strong!"

Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

The earlier the reincarnations condense the divine artifact, the stronger their strength.

And the reincarnation family is the force established by the reincarnation ancestor!

When the time comes, the two sides will fight!

He and Feng Xi's daughters should meet the ancestors of the last reincarnation and their messengers.

And Longyuan Town will face the reincarnation family!

As an old-fashioned strong family on Blue Star, the Samsara family has a deeper heritage than Longyuan Town!

I am afraid that the current Longyuan Town is not necessarily an opponent of the Samsara clan.

After all, the Samsara clan is much stronger than the Liudao clan, and the population is probably more than 100,000.

Not long after Longyuan Town was established, the number of children was only over 20,000.

Even if the disciples of Long Yuan are all super strong, they are still invincible with both fists and four hands, and they may not be able to deal with the Samsara clan.

It seems that he has to quickly improve the strength of Longyuan Town!

Only if Longyuan Town has the strength to fight against the Samsara clan, can he have no worries!

There are three quickest ways to quickly improve the strength of Long Yuan's children.

One is to be promoted to Longyuan City!

One is to let the children take medicine pills!

One is to let the disciples be promoted to the realm of heaven!

The fastest thing that can be achieved so far is to be promoted to Longyuan City!

"Now that the population of Longyuan Town has reached 24,100 people, there are only 900 people short of it, and they can be promoted to Longyuan City. This goal should be achieved soon!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, he is very much looking forward to the fact that Longyuan Town can ascend to Longyuan City earlier!

In that way, he will have more confidence in dealing with the reincarnation family!

I don't want to think so much anymore. Let the subordinates solve the problem of population!

He has to hurry up to alchemy!