Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He had to finish refining all the medicinal pills before the subordinates unified the first division.

In this way, after the competition area is unified, the subordinates can immediately obtain a large number of medicinal pills and improve their own strength.

After the medicinal pills are refined, the second round of hegemony is over, and the disciples will receive another wave of rewards, and their strength will increase again.

At that time, when all the children go to participate in the Tianwu assessment, everyone will be able to obtain the best combination of Dao, and it will also improve Long Yuan's overall strength by a large amount.

This will be of great benefit to Qin Feng's future unlocking of 100,000-star combat power!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect!

Thinking of this, he no longer wastes time, 1024 fission bodies continue to refine 13 medicinal pills.

If he wants the plan to be successfully completed, he has to speed up alchemy.

Right now, he has finished refining all the sixth-order spiritual pills and began to refine the seventh-order spiritual flower.

The seventh-order elixir has little effect on him, but it is of great use to Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, and Jumang.

This is also the key refining goal of Qin Feng!Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

In this way, Qin Feng closed again with all his strength

At the same moment, the chat channel in Longyuan Town was already hot!

The reincarnations obtained the divine artifact, which also brought a great impact on Long Yuan up and down!

"Everyone, the reincarnations in the seventh division also got the divine artifact!"

"Yeah! Samsara will be our biggest opponent in the third round!"

"It's so worrying! The reincarnation family is a force established by the reincarnation ancestor. The boss said that the comprehensive strength of the reincarnation ancestor has reached the real **** realm, and the force he established is definitely not weak. I wonder if our Longyuan Town is an opponent of the reincarnation family. ?"

"If we are not the opponents of the reincarnation clan, then we will hold back the boss!"

"It seems that we have to hurry up and upgrade Longyuan Town to Longyuan City! As long as we upgrade to Longyuan City, our strength can be greatly increased, and the strength of the boss can also be improved a lot!"

"Yes! By the way, we seem to be short of 900 people now, and the population will reach the target! Everyone must hurry up and find compatriots!"

"Upstairs, there is another major event, that is, the boss's 50,000-star feedback unlock is imminent! There is only one station left, and the boss can unlock it!"

"As long as the boss can unlock 50,000 star feedback, his strength will skyrocket again! Thinking about it, I'm looking forward to it!"

"In the third round of hegemony, whether our Longyuan Town can take off depends on the boss! The stronger his strength, the greater the hope!"

"Yeah! After the third round of hegemony, our Long Yuan will either dominate the Blue Star or fall into the dust of being eliminated. Thinking about it makes people feel uneasy!"

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was filled with emotion!

Everyone knows that the rise and fall of Long Yuan depends on Qin Feng alone.

Whether it is upgrading Longyuan City or unlocking 50,000-star feedback, everyone in their hearts hopes to improve Qin Feng's combat power.

After all, the ancestors of reincarnation have the strength of the true **** realm. They are very worried that Qin Feng is not an opponent, and they are somewhat uneasy in their hearts.

At this time, someone else spoke in the chat channel.

"Everyone, have you thought about it? As long as we find a village built by Longbi compatriots, not only the population problem will be solved, but the number of sites will also be solved!"

"Yeah! As long as the compatriots in that village hand over the title deed card, our number of sites will reach 100, just killing two birds with one stone!"

As soon as these words fell, Wu Yong's avatar jumped.

Wu Yong: "Everyone, let me tell you a great news! Our team found a village founded by Longbi compatriots. There are about 900 people. They have agreed to join Longyuan Town and handed over the land deed card!"

boom!

As soon as these words fell, Longyuan Town cheered!

"Haha! That's great! If you really want, just come!"

"Yeah! Our Longyuan Town will be upgraded soon! The boss's 50,000-star feedback can also be unlocked. It really kills two birds with one stone!"

"Cool! It's so cool!"

Wu Yong: "Yeah! I'm so excited now! By the way, the boss's clone is here? Come and sign the contract!"

Yueling clone: ​​"Okay! I'll go over immediately!"

Seeing the reply of Yueling's clone, everyone cheered again

At the same time, in the seventh division, the reincarnation clan resided in a secret room.

At this moment, Yuan Chu looked at the long spear in his hand with surprise.

That long spear is the divine artifact he just condensed!

"Surveying God Spear! Mid-grade God Rank! It's a really good weapon!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he fondly stroked the spear in his hand.

At this time, behind him, he approached an elegant man in a white shirt.

"Young master, with the help of this heaven-suppressing artifact, your strength will skyrocket!"

The elegant man complimented with a flattering face.

This man's name is Bai Ru, and he is one of the ten messengers under the reincarnation ancestor!

Yuan Chu smiled and said: "Bai Ru, this divine spear is good, but if it can be used by my father, it will be even better. In that way, it will be easier for him to kill Qin Feng! Unfortunately, he does not have Permission to use this spear!"

Bai Ru smiled and said, "Only the condensate can use this divine artifact, and the master can't use it. However, even without this divine spear, it would be easy for the master to kill Qin Feng!"

Yuanchu smiled and nodded: "That's right! My father also sent a message yesterday, saying that the retreat was very smooth! This time, his exit was earlier than expected! It seems that God favored my reincarnation, then Qin Feng died. deal."

Bai Ru smiled and nodded: "Young master, in fact, the master does not regard Qin Feng as an opponent at all, then Qin Feng's child is not worthy of the master's opponent. The master's biggest wish now is to assist you and become this year's star master candidate. !"

"If the young master becomes a star master candidate, you will not dare to imagine the chance of being a candidate. At least your strength can skyrocket from the early stage of the False God to the middle stage of the False God!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his eyes lit up: "It has skyrocketed to the middle stage of the False God! Tsk tsk!! This improvement is not small!"

At this moment, Yuan Chu's heart was fiery!

Bai Ru said again: "Young Master, how can you underestimate the chances of being a star master candidate?! According to the rules of heaven, only by becoming a star master candidate can you truly own the divine artifact, and it will be a permanent possession!"

"If the competition fails, Tiandao will take back this divine artifact and re-decompose it into ten divine artifacts. If the young master really wants to own this divine spear, he must become a candidate for the star master!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he took a deep breath: "Yes! There is only one candidate for the star master. It seems that I have to kill Qin Feng! By the way, can I grab the heaven-suppressing artifact in Qin Feng's hands?"

Bai Ru smiled bitterly: "Theoretically, it is possible, but that is too difficult! Heavenly Dao will give you three minutes to refine the divine artifact you grabbed."

"But for the average person, three minutes is too late to refine it, and the last piece of heaven-suppressing artifact will be taken back by Tiandao!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was surprised: "It's only three minutes! That's impossible! It seems that a star master candidate can only have at most one heaven-suppressing artifact!"

Bai Ru sighed: "It's true! Even the master was like that back then! Back then, he defeated another holder of the Heavenly Suppressing Artifact and became a candidate for the star master. At the moment of defeat, he grabbed that person's town. Heavenly Artifact."

"Tian Dao gave the master three minutes of refining time! The master used the Book God Page (below) in the present world at that time, and set up ten times the time force field, which is equivalent to 30 minutes of refining time."

"But even in 30 minutes, the master was not able to complete it, and only 50% was refined. When the final time limit came, the heaven-suppressing artifact was taken away by Tiandao. Therefore, the master has only one heaven-suppressing artifact in his hands. . "

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he looked regretful: "What a pity! If my father had twenty times the time force field, maybe he would have obtained the second divine artifact. After all, what my father could not do, I would It can't be done any more."

"However, it is also a good opportunity to have a piece of heaven-suppressing artifact forever!"

Bai Ru smiled again and said, "Young Master, this subordinate has heard a rumor. If you can become the star master of the Blue Star Realm, then all the divine objects in the Blue Star Realm will belong to the star master."

"The fusion of all the gods and gods, you can get the main god's artifact, and you can control the entire blue star. The power is so strong that the gods are unimaginable!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled bitterly: "Is it so easy to get the position of star master? This young master does not dare to hope! As long as I become a star master candidate and get a chance to become a candidate, I will be satisfied!"

As soon as these words fell, the field changed suddenly!

hum!

Just listen to the sound of heaven and earth!

A transparent light curtain of heaven and earth appeared in the secret room.

In the light curtain, the projection of the reincarnation ancestor appeared!

"father!"

"Owner!"

When the two saw the projection, they quickly greeted respectfully.

I saw that in the light curtain, the reincarnation ancestor smiled, and his eyes were full of joy.

"Chu'er, my father just heard the Heavenly Dao reminder that you have successfully condensed the Heaven-suppressing Divine Artifact?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was proud: "Father, fortunately not to be humiliated! The boy was lucky enough to condense successfully, and this is the handle in his hand - the divine spear!"

The reincarnation ancestor stroked his beard and said with a smile: "Good! Good! Chu'er, you are a little earlier than my father expected! This time, it went well!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he said happily: "This time it is indeed smooth sailing! Dad, can your curse be cracked smoothly?"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled: "Being a father is also very smooth, and it will be successful in three days!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was overjoyed: "That's great! By the way, Dad, if the curse is successfully cracked this time, what level of strength can you achieve?"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled: "If it is the power of sacrifice of ten messengers, it can reach 20 million star power!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was shocked: "Hey! 20 million stars! That's not close to the threshold of the mid-term true god!"

It turned out that the combat power range of True God in the early stage was 14 million to 20 million stars.

After crossing 20 million stars, it is the middle stage of True God!

This time, not only was the Yuan Dynasty shocked, but Bai Ru was also extremely shocked!

He was pleasantly surprised: "Master, if you can have 20 million star combat power, then killing Qin Feng is like crushing an ant!"

The reincarnation ancestor stroked his beard and smiled: "All this is just the evaluation of the old man. Whether it can reach 20 million stars in the end depends on the actual situation three days later. Besides, this also includes the sacrifice of your ten messengers. !"

Bai Ru smiled: "Master, even if it doesn't reach 20 million stars, it is not far from the number of 20 million! Killing Qin Feng is still effortless!"

Ancestor Samsara nodded: "This is the truth! By the way, Chu'er, your divine artifact has been condensed, and the second round of competition is over, there are still six days left. In these six days, I will arrange one for your father for you. New mission!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty: "Father, what mission?"

The reincarnation ancestor sighed: "There are some secrets that my father has never told you, and now is the time to tell you. After the disintegration of the book of this world, it will become three pages of gods."

"Junior Brother Liudao got the first page, and this old man got the next page. If you want to reproduce the book in this world, you must find the middle page. It's just that this star field is vast, where should you find the middle page?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he sighed: "Yeah! When I found this middle page, I really have no clue!"

Old Ancestor Samsara smiled slightly: "Not at all! You know, why did I choose to come to this remote Blue Star Realm when I escaped from the Judgment God Realm with my Sixth Dao Junior Brother?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was stunned: "Isn't this far from the Judgment God's Domain?"

The reincarnation ancestor sneered: "There are countless star realms far from the Judgment God's Domain. I and Liudao Junior Brother will choose this place because we got a prophecy before we escaped!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he wondered: "Father, what is prophecy?"

The ancestor of Samsara looked respectful: "The prophecy is the word of prediction! According to the prophecy, the middle page of the book of the present world will appear in the Blue Star Realm! It is because of this that Liudao and I came to the Blue Star Realm, wanting to put the three The pages are unified, and the book of the present world can be reproduced!"

Surprised at the beginning of the Yuan!

He didn't expect that such a big secret was hidden in it!

Then, he asked again, "Dad, do you know the whereabouts of the middle page?"

The reincarnation ancestor took a deep breath: "I don't know yet! However, according to the prophecy, the middle page will appear within this thousand years. Calculate the time, this is the world's hegemony!"

Yuan Chu was stunned: "Father, do you mean that the appearance of the middle page is probably related to this challenger?"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "It is very possible! Only in this way can we explain why the middle page appeared inexplicably!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty: "Father, what is the task you gave me?"

Ancestor of Reincarnation: "The task is very simple. During these six days, you should carefully check the challenging forces in the seventh competition area to see if they have any treasures suspected to be in the hands of the Book God Page (middle)!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he nodded: "Baby understands! By the way, Dad, is it possible for the middle page to appear in Qin Feng's hands? At present, it seems that he is more likely!"

Ancestor Samsara took a deep breath: "His possibility is indeed very high, but if we want to check him, we have to wait until the third round of hegemony. Before the third round, the forces in the various competition areas of the Blue Star Realm, Fighting is forbidden, and no communication is allowed!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he sighed: "That's the only way! By the way, Dad, what other information was revealed in the prophecy?"

The reincarnation ancestor said in a deep voice: "The prophecy revealed that the middle page appears, there must be an existing owner. The owner has a pure true dragon blood talent, and it seems that he is not young, nearly half a hundred!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he frowned: "Dad, this situation is a bit wrong! That day, the person you blasted away in the Sea of ​​Tribulations seems to be Qin Feng. Then Qin Feng is a young man, only in his twenties. He has no age. Nearly half a hundred!"

The reincarnation ancestor sneered: "With Qin Feng's strength, even if he is fifty years old, he can still maintain the appearance of twenty years old. This is not an easy task for him!"

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he was stunned for a moment, and then he smiled and said: "Dad is right, it was the child who was negligent!"

Ancestor Samsara: "Okay! That's how things are arranged, you go to search for the whereabouts of the middle page, this is our top priority in the future!"