Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Baby understand!"

At that moment, the father and son ended their conversation, and the light curtain dissipated automatically.

After a while, Yuan Chu looked at Bai Ru.

"Bai Ru, inform the other seven messengers to come here for a secret meeting! This young master is mainly looking for the whereabouts of the pages of the book in this world!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, Bai Ru took orders and left.

Chapter 571 The source of the avenue! The Book of Three Changes!

At the same moment, the fifth division.

In a hidden valley, there are many wooden buildings, people come and go, and it is very noisy.

At this moment, at the entrance of the valley.

A teenager who looks like a high school student, wearing a simple Taoist robe, has been looking in the direction of the star gate, with a look of eagerness to wear.

Behind him, a group of people followed, all looking in the direction of the star gate, looking anxious.

Looking at the appearance of this group of people, they are all yellow-skinned and black-haired, all of which are typical of Longbi people.

"Hey! It's already the fourth day! Why hasn't my master come back yet? It's all desperate."

At this time, the leading boy muttered impatiently.

He is also worried about his master.

"Wang Keng, don't worry! Lord Guanzhu will definitely pass the test!"

A middle-aged man consoled.

The young man named Wang Keng said to himself: "My master passed the Tianwu assessment, it must be no problem!"

"I don't know, what level of combination can he pass this time? This is related to whether our Wuzhuangguan can become a mysterious force in the fifth division?!"

The middle-aged man nodded slightly, secretly thinking that this is indeed the case!

It turned out that this is the Wuzhuangguan Village established by the mysterious Taoist Qingchengzi of Longbi!

At the beginning of the novice stage, Longyuan Village won the first place in the village upgrade competition!

Wuzhuangguan also entered the top three, with great strength!

Of course, today's Wuzhuangguan Village is no longer a village, but a level 6 town with a population of more than 12,000.

During this period of time, Qingchengzi got a lot of great opportunities, and even his disciples have skyrocketed in strength.

The strength of Wuzhuangguan also attracted many Longbi compatriots to take refuge, so that their population unknowingly increased to more than 12,000 people.

Today, the goal of Wuzhuangguan is to become one of the mysterious forces in the fifth division.

Only in this way can they become the winners of the fifth division in the second round and will not be cursed by heaven.

Qingchengzi was worried that he was not strong enough to deal with the leader of the mysterious force, and he would not be able to grab the divine object.

Therefore, he took some capable disciples to participate in the Tianwu assessment to improve his strength.

Calculate the time, he should be able to make it back today!

Therefore, Wang Keng and others are waiting for him to come back at Taniguchi!

This Wang Keng was the closed disciple that Qingchengzi had accepted at the beginning. His aptitude was somewhat reluctant, and he was the weakest among Qingchengzi's disciples. This time, he did not participate in the Tianwu assessment.

"Look over there! It seems that the spectator is back!"

Just as everyone was anxiously waiting, there was an exclamation from the crowd!

Wang Keng and the others hurriedly followed the sound and saw more than a dozen people flying in from a distance.

From a distance, the dozen or so people were all wearing Taoist robes, and the leader was an old Taoist robe.

"Hey! It's really my master!"

Wang Keng recognized the leader at a glance.

After a while, a group of people in the distance flew to Taniguchi.

I saw the old Taoist headed by him, with a goatee beard and a sloppy image, but he couldn't hide his free and easy temperament. It was that Qingchengzi.

Behind him, there are more than a dozen young Taoists, all of them with extraordinary imposing manners, all of which have reached the realm of heaven.

"Master!"

"Watcher!"

Wang Keng and the others greeted them with joy!

"Master, how is the Tianwu assessment this time? Have you passed the top-grade and combined Dao assessment?"

Wang Keng couldn't wait to ask.

All the townspeople also looked at Qingchengzi with nervous expressions on their faces.

This time, whether the spectators can pass the best combination of Taoism is related to whether they can become a mysterious force in the five villages.

If the spectators can get the best combination, then they should be able to take the tenth ranked mysterious force and replace it.

If the master of the watch does not get the best combination of Taoism, the achievement of Wuzhuang Guan will end here, and it will be hard to escape the fate of being cursed.

Perhaps, they may become the next guardian force!

This is not what they want!

Thinking of this, the townspeople of Wuzhuangguan were naturally nervous.

But without waiting for Qingchengzi to speak, a disciple behind him smiled and said, "Junior Brother Wang Keng, you underestimate Master! This time, the rank that Master has obtained is much higher than that of the Supreme Qualification!"

Wang Keng's eyes lit up: "Master, you won't be able to get a low-level divine quality and become a Taoist, right?"

Qingchengzi still stroked his beard and smiled without saying a word.

The disciple behind him raised the corner of his mouth: "Junior Brother, you still underestimate Master! Master is more than a low-level god?"

Wang Keng was surprised: "Could it be a middle-class god?"DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The disciple said with a smile, "Forget it! I won't tease you anymore! Let me tell you directly! This time, the master obtained an anti-god-level combined Dao, which is one level higher than the first-class gods!"

boom!

As soon as these words came out, the whole audience was shocked!

One by one with their mouths wide open!

After a while, Wang Keng swallowed his saliva and asked in disbelief, "Master, is what the third senior brother said true?

Qingchengzi stroked his beard and smiled: "Your third senior brother didn't lie to you!"

boom!

Everyone was shocked again!

Can't believe my ears!

After a while, everyone came to their senses, and there was an earth-shattering cheer in the field.

That Wang Keng blushed with excitement.

"Haha! That's great! Master, this time you have obtained the anti-god-level combination, then our Wuzhuangguan will become a mysterious force, it is a sure thing! By the way, Master, how did you get the anti-god level? "

Wang Keng was a little unbelievable in his excitement.

The townspeople were also puzzled.

In their impression, the strength of the spectator is extremely strong, but it is not strong enough to obtain the lower level of divine quality and the Tao.

How did he come back once, surpassing the god-level combination, and obtained an unimaginable anti-god-level combination.

At this moment, Qingchengzi also sighed: "It's a long story, it's because of an unexpected big opportunity for the teacher to get the God-Defying God-level reconciliation!"

"Master, what is the chance?"

Wang Keng's eyes were full of curiosity.

Qingchengzi smiled mysteriously: "Let's go back and talk about this!"

As soon as the voice fell, he took the lead and returned to the station, followed by everyone.

A quarter of an hour later, in a secret room.

Only Qingchengzi and several trusted disciples were present, including Wang Keng.

At this moment, Wang Keng is still curious, what chance did Master get?

"Xiao Keng, aren't you curious, what chance did you get for the teacher this time? I don't hide it from you, it's all because of it!"

As Qingchengzi spoke, he took out a very simple book with the word 'Zhouyi' written in ancient Chinese on the page.

As soon as the book came out, it exuded an ancient prehistoric atmosphere!

After Wang Keng saw the book, he scratched his head and looked puzzled.

"Master, isn't this book you took out before, saying it's the "Book of Changes" handed down by your sect's ancestors! This book wasn't too hard to find when we were in Longyi! There are a lot of them on the market! It doesn't seem to matter. Strange!"

Qingchengzi patted his head angrily.

"You little guy, you took out this book for the teacher and told you that this week's change is the original original of our Chinese people, and it's different from the Zhouyi that's now circulating in the Chinese people.

"This is my master, who told me personally! How can I be wrong? Besides, as the treasure of my sect, it has been handed down to this day and passed down from generation to generation. How can such an important thing be nonsense!"

Wang Keng curled his lips in dissatisfaction: "Master, you said that the original text was written by the Emperor himself. But as far as I know, the "Book of Changes" was written in the pre-Qin period and was written by King Wen of Zhou, and the two are not compatible. !"

Qingchengzi sneered: "What you know is not true. At that time, the Emperor wrote the "Book of Changes", and the Book of Changes was divided into three parts, namely "Lianshan Yi", "Guizang Yi", "Zhou Yi" It's a pity that both "Lian Shan Yi" and "Guizang Yi" have been lost, and only this "Book of Changes" is left."

"This "Book of Changes" was passed down to the pre-Qin period, and it was slightly altered. The world thought it was written in the pre-Qin period."

Wang Keng pouted: "Master, no matter when the book was originally written. You want to say that this book is not the original one, but only after the Eastern Han Dynasty. I still believe it. If you say it was before the pre-Qin period, That's not bullshitting!"

"Before the Qin Dynasty, there was no paper. Books were all made of bamboo slips. You are clearly made of paper. But I, Longbi, only had paper after I arrived in the Eastern Han Dynasty."

"So, when you said it was the original, born in the era of the Emperor, earlier than the pre-Qin period, I thought it was nonsense!"

Qingchengzi sighed: "As a teacher, I know you would say this! Then take a good look at it!"

As soon as the words fell, Qingchengzi stroked the book of "Book of Changes" with one hand!

In the next second, a sudden change occurred!

hum!

I saw that the book of "Book of Changes" was shining brightly, and its shape was wriggling and changing, and finally it turned into a thin page with a dazzling golden light.

The divine page was filled with divine scriptures, each word had its own divine light, and the atmosphere was extraordinary!

Wang Keng was shocked to see it, and he couldn't help but activate the detection technique.

[The Book of Gods in the World (middle): middle-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Book of the present: high-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Reminder: Due to special reasons, the book of the present world has been disintegrated and turned into three pages of gods, divided into upper, middle and lower. Each scrap page is a middle-grade god-level treasure, and each has its own purpose. 】

[Reminder: Collect all three pages of the Book of the World, and you can get the high-grade god-level treasure 'Book of the World'. 】

boom!

After watching this, Wang Keng was completely shocked, and he was stunned on the spot!

Oh my God!

This "Book of Changes" was actually transformed from a **** page (middle), and it was a middle-grade god-level wonder of heaven and earth, comparable to a middle-grade artifact!

At this moment, Wang Keng suddenly understood why Master was able to obtain the God-Defying God-level reconciliation.

With the help of this divine artifact that is comparable to a mid-grade artifact, it is not surprising that Qingchengzi obtained the God-defying God-level combination!

Immediately, he swallowed his saliva and said excitedly: "My God! Master, it turns out that your sect's ancestral thing is really a treasure!"

Qingchengzi patted his head angrily.

"Boy! Do you believe it now? It's a mid-grade fetish, and it's the only one in the world. How can it be said that it's always been? You said before that Lao Tzu is a bullshit, and what kind of paper is only in the Eastern Han Dynasty!"

Wang Keng smirked: "Hey! Master, it's a kid with a shallow vision. I really didn't expect that the foundation of our sect is so deep that it can be traced back to the era of the Emperor! By the way, Master, what is the purpose of this divine artifact?"