Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qingchengzi took a deep breath: "I haven't fully figured out what it is used for. The most basic point is that it can be used as a mid-grade artifact, giving me back 400,000-star combat power. With this help, I The current combat power is comparable to the pinnacle of a demigod!"

Wang Keng was shocked: "My God! The pinnacle of demigods! That's too strong! Haha! Master, then we Wuzhuangguan will definitely become a mysterious force this time."

Qingchengzi smiled: "It's not difficult to become a mysterious force! However, I'm still a little worried about the teacher. This treasure is too precious, as the saying goes: the common man is innocent, but he is guilty. The old man is worried about whether he can keep it?"

"Before, it was sealed, and others could not perceive it. Now, I unintentionally broke it and made it recognize me as the master. Its breath is also revealed. And there are many powers in this world, It's hard to guarantee that it won't be discovered by anyone!"

Wang Keng didn't take it seriously: "Master, you think too much! If you don't take out such a treasure, who will know that you have it?"

Qingchengzi shook his head slightly: "After I unsealed this "Book of Changes" for my teacher, I got some reminders. It is said that this book page in this world can count people's affairs, seek good luck and avoid evil, which can be said to be the number of people."

"The top page of the book of the present world controls space and geography, which can be called the number of the earth. The bottom of the book of the present world can also be called the number of days. The combination of the three numbers of the day, the earth, and the person is the top-grade fetish—the book of the present world."

"As an item in the same divine book, before the three divine pages, some auras are related. In other words, if other people have the upper or lower page in their hands, I am afraid that he can sense the position of the middle page."

"How can it be an ordinary person who can possess such a divine item? I'm afraid it is the great powers of all parties. If those great powers come to the door, the teacher may not be able to keep this treasure!"

Wang Keng frowned, feeling that it was indeed a hidden danger.

"By the way, Master, you said earlier that the Book of Changes is divided into Lianshanyi, Guizangyi, and Zhouyi. Are the lost Lianshanyi and Guizangyi the first page and the next page of the book?"

Qingchengzi shook his head: "It doesn't seem to be! The master said that Lian Shanyi is good at calculating the personnel affairs of the next life, and Gui Zangyi is good at calculating the personnel affairs of the past life. If you have three changes in hand, you can change your life against the sky!"

"That is to say, these three sects of classics are all human affairs, and they are all numbers of people, regardless of the number of days and the number of places!"

Wang Keng frowned: "It's really complicated! However, this Zhouyi was originally a mid-grade fetish transformation, and even Shanyi and Guizangyi's originals are probably also mid-grade fetishes!"

Qingchengzi nodded: "There is a high probability that they are all middle-grade fetishes, but those two books are lost! The emperor who created them back then doesn't know what the origins are?"

Wang Keng asked curiously, "Master, could the Emperor be Fuxi?"

Qingchengzi shook his head: "I don't know. My master can't tell me about this. Some people say that it is Fuxi, and some people say that Fuxi is a descendant of the Emperor's family. However, one thing is certain."

"The Emperor is the head of the five dragons. I, the Longbi people, started from him, with the dragon as the totem! It can be said that we are all his descendants!"

Wang Keng nodded slightly, feeling that this was miraculous.

At this time, Qingchengzi breathed a sigh of relief: "Okay! This is the end of the matter! From now on, unless it is a last resort, the teacher will not use this magical object. Next, we should discuss the second round of competition. It's a big deal."

Referring to this matter, Wang Keng hurriedly said: "Master, when you went to participate in the Tianwu assessment, a major event happened in the Blue Star Realm. Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan in the first competition area, has condensed the divine artifact. It's gone!"

As soon as these words fell, Qingchengzi and the others were shocked!

They had not received this information in Lingtian Temple before.

After a long while, Qingchengzi exclaimed: "This Qin Feng is really amazing! He actually condensed the divine artifact, which is dozens of times more powerful than becoming a mysterious force!"

"Speaking of which, I still owe him a favor as a teacher! At the beginning, our village was stuck in the lack of resources of Qingmuxin in the upgrade competition. It was Qin Feng who gave us Qingmuxin for the sake of his compatriots Longbi. Solved our urgent needs!"

Wang Keng nodded: "Master, in the third round, the top ten divisions will be able to communicate with each other. At that time, we will have to cooperate with Longyuan Town!"

Qingchengzi smiled: "It's natural! At that time, Qin Feng should be competing for the star master candidate. If we can help, we will try our best to help him!"

Wang Keng said again: "That's right, Master! Just today, something happened in the Blue Star Realm. The Samsara clan in the seventh division also condensed a divine artifact!"

Qingchengzi frowned: "Another Heaven-suppressing force is about to be born! Those who can be called clans must be old-fashioned forces, not challenging forces. In this way, Qin Feng's opponent has appeared. He wants to become a star master candidate. Well, it won't be easy!"

Wang Keng sighed: "Yes! I think so too!"

Qingchengzi sighed: "I don't think so much, let's deal with our own affairs first. Next, let's discuss how to become a mysterious force in this fifth division!"

As soon as these words fell, Wang Keng and the other disciples were all excited.

At the moment, a group of people happily discussed

Qin Feng and the ancestor of reincarnation did not know about Qingchengzi's possession of the Book of the World (middle page).

And Qingchengzi can obtain the God-defying God-level combination, that is an extremely remarkable achievement!

The four envoys under Qin Feng's command are currently only Jumang, who are in opposition to the gods, and Fengxi's three daughters, who are still high-level gods.

Chapter 572 Coincidence! Upgrade is in sight!

Just when Qingchengzi and others were discussing important matters, something was also happening in Longyuan Town.

At this moment, in a valley, Wu Yong and other 200 Long Yuan disciples looked forward with joy.

In front of me, hundreds of ragged Longbi people were looking at Yueling's clone with excitement.

And the moon spirit clone is breaking the blood and blood, building a soul contract

It turned out that this is the Longbi Challenger Village discovered by Wu Yong.

The village chief was called Ning Xueqing, a beautiful woman with martial arts skills. She came to this world and awakened two A-level talents, and she was definitely the best among the challengers.

Therefore, she established Xueqing Village and brought a group of Longbi people to the present.

In the following days, she also took in some compatriots from Longbi who had become refugees, and kept the population at around 900, which was more than Wang Jun's Junyan Village.

It's a pity that her village is not strong, and it is miserable. 80% of the people are still human.

As the village chief, although she is at the prefecture level, her comprehensive strength is only at the first level.

The people below her are even worse!

Seeing that, when this second round of competition is over, her villagers will definitely be cursed, and I don't know how many people will die.

But they didn't dare to run around, so they huddled in the village, waiting to fend for themselves!

And the arrival of Wu Yong gave them hope!

After the two sides discussed, it hit it off!

Ning Xueqing and others unanimously agreed to join Longyuan Town, signed a contract willingly, and looked forward to joining Longyuan Town.

After the arrival of Yueling's clone, Ning Xueqing was amazed at first sight, and cooperated with great enthusiasm.

At this time, the Moon Spirit clone was operating the contract ceremony.

"Brother Yong, when the boss, Ning Xueqing and others are recruited, will our population in Longyuan Town reach the standard?"

At this moment, Wu Yong was chatting with some Long Yuan disciples.

Wu Yong smiled and said: "It should be able to meet the standard! Once the population reaches the standard, the boss will upgrade Longyuan Town to Longyuan City!"

"Yeah! I'm so excited to think that Longyuan City will be upgraded to level 10!"

"When the town was upgraded to level 9, our strengths increased greatly! When the town was upgraded to level 10, the benefits should be even more!"

"Of course! City and town are different, that's a fundamental change! The rewards are definitely more generous!"

"It makes sense! Dude, when you say that, I can't wait to upgrade as soon as possible!"

"Haha! Brother, don't worry! Isn't the boss recruiting new people!"

Wu Yong and others became more and more excited as they chatted, and their eyes were full of anticipation!

It was at this moment that the Moon Spirit clone completed the contract signing and began to solicit...

[Yueling successfully recruited 'Ning Xueqing' to join Longyuan Town! Congratulations to Ning Xueqing for becoming a citizen of Longyuan, the population of Longyuan has increased to 24,099]

[Yueling successfully recruited 'Zuo Feng' to join Longyuan Town! Congratulations to Zuo Feng for becoming a citizen of Longyuan, the population of Longyuan has increased to 24,100]

Hearing these information prompts, Wu Yong and others were excited again.

"Brothers, the recruitment of 240 has begun!"

"Yeah! Let's wait until the population reaches 25,000!"

"I'm really looking forward to it!"

Wu Yong and others watched the population growth happily while chatting.

And Yueling clone is orderly recruiting newcomers!

Time flies!

It didn't take long for the Yueling clone to recruit the last person.

[Yueling successfully recruited 'Lin Ming' to join Longyuan Town! Congratulations to Lin Ming for becoming a town resident of Longyuan, the population of Longyuan has increased to 24,998]

Seeing the last prompt, Wu Yong and others were stunned!

Even the Moon Spirit clone was stunned!

No way?!

After all the new recruits are recruited, there are still 2 more to reach 25,000!

As a result, Longyuan Town cannot be promoted to Longyuan City for the time being!

"Hey! I didn't expect there to be two people!"

"Yeah! It seems that the upgrade of our Longyuan Town has to be slowed down!"

At this time, Wu Yong and others looked at each other face to face, a little helpless.

On the other side, Yueling's clone also smiled helplessly.

However, he is in a good mood!

In any case, he recruited another 900 newcomers, making Long Yuan's population soar!

Now, Longyuan Town is only one line away from upgrading!

It's just two people!

It will probably be assembled soon!

Therefore, the Moon Spirit clone is not in a hurry.

At this moment, Ning Xueqing came over enthusiastically.

"Boss of the town, this is my land deed card, please accept it!"

Ning Xueqing took out a land deed card and handed it over respectfully.

Yueling's clone smiled slightly: "Very good! Miss Xueqing, you have done a good job in presenting cards! These divine pills are a reward for you!"

Yueling's clone took over the land deed card, and gave five spiritual pills as a reward.

"Hey! This is... My God! It's a sixth-order divine pill!"

Ning Xueqing was stunned when she saw Shendan!

Sixth-order Divine Pill!

Such a precious divine pill, she never dared to think about it before.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng's boss gave her five as soon as he shot, which is really a big deal!

"Thank you, town elder!"

Ning Xueqing excitedly took the medicine pill, and the hand holding the medicine pill trembled.

She was so excited.

Yue Ling's clone smiled indifferently.

Then, he took out another storage ring and threw it to Ning Xueqing.

Ning Xueqing took a look at the storage ring and was stunned again!

I saw that the storage ring was densely filled with fifth-order medicinal pills, and there were more than 9,000 pills. This was a treasure trove of medicinal pills!

"Miss Xueqing, your original Xueqing villagers are a little weak. You distribute these pills, ten pills per person, so that everyone can improve their strength quickly. The rest of the pills will be yours!"

Ning Xueqing was extremely excited: "Thank you, the town elder! My subordinates will send it now!"

At this moment, Ning Xueqing felt lucky!

This boss is rich and generous, and he is really good to their newcomers, and people have to admire them!

At this time, Ning Xueqing's respect for Qin Feng was even deeper.

Immediately, she turned around and distributed medicine pills to those newcomers!DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

All the newcomers were excited and moved when they learned that it was the medicinal pill rewarded by Qin Feng, or the very precious fifth-order medicinal pill.

Their respect for Qin Feng has also risen to a very high level!

After Ning Xueqing left, Yueling's clone took out the land deed card and showed a satisfied smile.

A title deed card represents a site!

As long as he integrates this land deed card, the number of sites in Longyuan Town will just reach 100, and he will be able to unlock 50,000-star feedback!