Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, he broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it into the land deed card.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng's 1024 fission variants are all refining the seventh-order elixir

It was at this moment that a reminder of the Dao of Heaven came from his sea of ​​consciousness.

[Your Moon Spirit clone is being integrated with the land deed card (Xueqing Village resident)]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, the number of sites you own has increased to 100]

[Reminder: To unlock the 50,000-star combat power feedback, two standards must be met! 】

[Unlock condition 1: Longyuan Town is promoted to Longyuan City, and you gain the position of the city lord. 】

[Unlock condition 2: The number of sites has reached 100 or more. 】

[Reminder: You have not yet obtained the position of the city lord, and you have not been able to get feedback! 】

"Yes! At the beginning, Tiandao reminded me that I need to be the city owner before I can get the feedback of 50,000 stars! I almost forgot about this!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, a little helpless!

It seems that he has to wait a little longer if he wants to get back the combat power.

At the moment, he stopped thinking about it and continued to alchemy

At the same time, in the first division, somewhere in the jungle.

Three ragged figures, hunched over their waists, are hiding in a bush

These three people are all dragons with yellow skin and black hair!

However, their identities are refugees, and their realms are also human-level.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

In this dangerous jungle, it is a miracle that such a low strength can survive until now!

It turned out that in the first round of the points competition, the village was destroyed by a guardian force.

Those who escaped became refugees.

There were dozens of people who escaped originally, but after a lot of displacement, only the three of them were left alive.

Now, the three of them want to take refuge in Longyuan Town.

But they are more than 10,000 miles away from the nearest station in Longyuan Town!

Whether they can make it here alive is hard to say!

"Brother Wang, do you think we can reach Longyuan Town alive?"

The speaker was a seventeen or eighteen-year-old boy named Cui Ming.

Before he entered this world, he was just a high school student.

The man called Brother Wang was a middle-aged man with a scar on his face, and his eyes were sharp.

"It should be possible! For so many days, we have no other skills, and we still have some ability to avoid danger!"

Brother Wang's tone was firm, and his eyes kept looking around cautiously.

"The two of you speak in a low voice! There are vicious beasts lurking in this jungle. If an earth-level vicious beast is disturbed, the three of us will be doomed!"

This time the speaker was a lean young man with a capable look!

His name is Lin Ye.

"No danger! Let's go!"

At this time, Brother Wang whispered in a low voice.

Obviously, he is the leader of the three!

As he spoke all the way, Brother Wang leaned on his waist and got out of the bushes.

Lin Ye and Cui Ming both held their breaths and followed him carefully.

In this dangerous wilderness, if they want to survive, they must be careful.

"According to the map, this direction is the nearest station to Longyuan Town. Let's go!"

Brother Wang pointed to a direction to the east and whispered.

Lin Ye and Cui Ming nodded knowingly

Now, the three of them are about to leave.

They held their breath and hid in the bushes just now to avoid an earth-level vicious beast.

Right now, the fierce beast has gone far, and they should set off naturally.

But just as they were about to leave, white light flashed in the field!

Immediately afterwards, two figures, one big and one small, appeared in front of them out of thin air, blocking their way.

Brother Wang and the three were shocked, and they all retreated backwards!

Afterwards, they saw the person coming, and they couldn't help showing a look of astonishment.

They saw that the one who appeared in front of them was a little girl in her teens. She looked like a beautiful woman.

And behind the little girl, there is also a little baby girl about two years old, wearing a green jacket, looking at them curiously with wide eyes!

Brother Wang and the three were dumbfounded!

How could there be two children in this dangerous jungle?

One is smaller than the other!

This is too dangerous!

These two little dolls are Xiao Luan'er and Jumang!

Brother Wang and the three of them naturally didn't know the horror of these two little dolls!

They thought that Xiao Luan'er and Jumang were the lost children of that force.

Although the way these two children appeared is strange, the two dolls so small should not be very strong, and it is estimated that they are at the peak of human-level strength.

And the three of them are also the strength of the peak human level!

Thinking of this, Brother Wang and the three of them breathed a sigh of relief!

Later, the three secretly probed Xiaoluan'er and Jumang, but found that they could not detect anything.

The gap between the two sides is too great!

Brother Wang's secret detection technique is useless at all, and even the identity of Xiao Luan'er and Jumang's challengers can't be detected!

"Hey! Are you three going to join Longyuan Town?"

Xiao Luan'er spoke first.

It turned out that she and Jumang had discovered these three people long ago, and had observed them secretly for a while, and overheard their conversation.

After some eavesdropping, Xiao Luan'er learned that these three were also from Longbi.

That's why she came out to help these three!

Brother Wang and the three were shocked when they heard this!

Can't help but look after the ground!

what happened?

They are going to take refuge in Longyuan Town, how does this little girl know?

"Kid, how do you know that the three of us are going to join Longyuan Town? Also, who are you?"

Brother Wang took a deep breath and asked carefully.

Inexplicably, he felt that the little girl in front of him was not simple.

Xiao Luan'er smiled proudly: "I can hear what you said before! Also, I am from Longyuan Town! If you want to join Longyuan Town, I can help you join as soon as possible!"

Xiao Luan'er is so active, and she has just received the information from Heaven, and Longyuan's population is still 2 people away, so she can ascend to Longyuan City.

Now that she has encountered three Longyuan refugees, she naturally wants these three to join Longyuan Town as soon as possible, so that Longyuan City can be upgraded as soon as possible!

"Are you from Longyuan Town?"

Brother Wang was a little surprised!

Lin Ye frowned: "It's not good to lie, kid! The nearest station to Longyuan Town is more than 10,000 miles away! How could you two children leave the station and walk so far?!"

"Especially the kid next to you, who is only 2 years old. Can he walk more than 10,000 miles by himself?"

This reminder, Brother Wang was silent.

Cui Ming nodded again and again: "Brother Lin is right! For more than 10,000 miles, don't talk about your two children, even an adult like me, you will be exhausted! Little girl, are you lying?"

Xiao Luan'er's mouth curled up: "I didn't lie! More than 10,000 miles is not far away for me! In short, do you three want to join Longyuan Town? If so, I have a way. , let you join early!"

Brother Wang smiled bitterly: "Children, even if we want to join, we must agree to Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan! You are a child, can your words work?"

Xiao Luan'er raised her chin: "Why doesn't it work? Qin Feng is my father!"

At this time, Jumang also said in a milky voice: "My sister didn't lie! Qin Feng is our father!"

As soon as these words came out, Brother Wang and the three were shocked, and their eyes widened!

No way?

Are these two children Qin Feng's children?

But then, Lin Ye smiled and said, "You two little kids are running on the train! How long has Qin Feng been in this world, how can there be a child as big as you?"

Cui Ming nodded again and again: "Yes! It takes ten months to conceive a baby to give birth? Even if the mayor Qin Feng finds a fairy wife, the childbirth is not so fast! Two children, we will not embarrass you, you What are you going to do?"

Hearing these words, Xiao Luan'er was both angry and funny.

Immediately, she said: "If I have a way, I will immediately turn you into Longyuan townspeople. Will you believe me?"

Brother Wang said with a smile: "Little boy, what are you kidding? The only one who can make us the citizens of Longyuan Town is Qin Feng, the mayor of Longyuan Town! How can you do it?"

Xiao Luan'er said, "What if I could do it?"

Brother Wang smiled and shook his head: "If you can really do it, we will believe what you said before, and we are afraid that you can't do it!"

As soon as these words fell, Lin Ye and Cui Ming looked at each other and smiled!

They all thought Xiao Luan was joking!

Xiao Luan'er pondered for a while and said, "The ugly words are in the front! Although I turned you into town residents in advance, after you join, you must sign a master-slave contract with my father. This is the basic requirement for joining our Longyuan Town! "

"If you are unwilling to sign a contract after joining, don't blame us for kicking you out of Longyuan Town again!"

Hearing this, Brother Wang and the three laughed again!

This little girl has something to say!

They can be sure that the kid is 100% lying!

At the moment, Brother Wang said: "Little boy, as long as we can join Longyuan Town, the three of us will sign a contract with Mayor Qin Feng, so what's the harm?"

"Okay! Now that you agree, I'll recruit!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Luan'er opened the Tiandao light screen.

The next second, in the minds of Brother Wang and the three, Tiandao's prompts sounded in turn.

[Viscount 'Luan'er' of Longyuan Town invites refugee 'Wang Chao' to join Longyuan Town]

[Viscount 'Luan'er' of Longyuan Town invites refugee 'Lin Ye' to join Longyuan Town]

[Viscount 'Luan'er' of Longyuan Town invites refugee 'Cui Ming' to join Longyuan Town]

boom!

As soon as this reminder came out, Brother Wang and the three were shocked, and looked at Xiao Luan'er in disbelief!

It turns out that the Viscount also has the authority to recruit townspeople!

After a long while, Brother Wang recovered from the shock and couldn't help swallowing.

Afterwards, Brother Wang asked carefully: "Little friend! Are you really Qin Feng's daughter?"

Seeing the surprised expressions on the faces of the three of them, Xiao Luan's heart is dark!