Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, she looked proud: "Of course! My invitations have been sent out, why don't you join in quickly?!"

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Let's add it now! Add it now!"

At this moment, Brother Wang and the three were both surprised and happy, and they were also full of respect for Xiao Luan'er's tone!

So far, they have confirmed that the extremely beautiful little girl in front of them is Qin Feng's daughter!

It's ridiculous that they thought the other party was lying before, they really didn't know Taishan!

Fortunately, they didn't offend the little girl before, and they got the chance to join Longyuan Town earlier.

Thinking of this, the three happily agreed to the invitation

[Wang Chao agrees to the invitation! Congratulations to Wang Chao for becoming a town resident of Longyuan, the population of Longyuan has increased to 24,999]

[Lin Ye agrees to the invitation! Congratulations to Lin Ye for becoming a town resident of Longyuan, the population of Longyuan has increased to 25,000]

[Cui Ming agrees to the invitation! Congratulations to Wang Chao for becoming a town resident of Longyuan, the population of Longyuan has increased to 25,001]

As soon as the three agreed to the invitation, they were prompted to become townspeople, and they were immediately ecstatic.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to the population of Longyuan Town, which has reached the standard of level 10 Longyuan City, and can be upgraded at any time]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan immediately cheered!

Longyuan Town can finally be upgraded!

Chapter 573 Promoted to Longyuan City! City Lord's Palace!

At this moment, the Long Yuan chat channel is full of frying pans!

"Brothers, our population has finally reached the target!"

"Yeah! We can upgrade Longyuan City soon! Haha!"

"I don't know what changes will happen after ascending to Longyuan City?"

"There must be a lot of changes! This is from town to city!"

"I'm really looking forward to it!"

"Hey! Upstairs, I'm looking forward to the reward of level 10 Longyuan City! I wonder how the reward will be this time?"

"Haha! That must be richer than when the town was upgraded to level 9!"

"Haha! It seems that we are going to increase our strength again!"

"Everyone, when you say this, I can't wait to upgrade!"

"Don't worry upstairs! The boss will do it!"

At this moment, the residents of Longyuan Town waited excitedly one by one.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Longyuan Announcement: Mayor Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan Town]

[Longyuan Announcement: The upgrade was successful! Longyuan Town has been upgraded from level 9 town to level 10 Longyuan City]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to all the residents of Longyuan City, you will be blessed by Heaven and get a 2000-star combat power attribute reward]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to the city lord Qin Feng, you will be blessed by Heaven and get a 50,000-star combat power reward]

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 10 in Longyuan City, and the city owner has opened the permission to upgrade the city's palace to level 1]

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 10 in Longyuan City, and residents have the permission to upgrade to level 11 wooden house]

[Longyuan Town successfully upgraded to level 10 Longyuan City, and the population cap was raised to 5 million]

[Longyuan Town successfully upgraded to level 10 Longyuan City, and the upper limit of the teleportation array has been increased to 1000]

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 10 Longyuan City, and the permission to upgrade to level 2 of the 'Discussion Hall' has been opened]

[Longyuan Town has been upgraded to level 10 Longyuan City successfully, and the creation authority of the "Professional Hall" has been opened]

[Longyuan Town has been successfully upgraded to level 10 Longyuan City, and the creation authority of the 'Moat Altar' has been opened]

[Longyuan Town has been upgraded to level 10 Longyuan City successfully, and the number of lords has been increased to 15]

Boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, Long Yuan was extremely excited!

Then, the sky shook!

One after another, dazzling reward beams of light descended from the sky and fell on everyone in Longyuan.

In the next second, the battle power of everyone in Long Yuan skyrocketed, each by 2000 stars.

At this moment, in that jungle!

Brother Wang, Lin Ye, and Cui Ming are ecstatic to join Longyuan Town!

But then, a series of reminders came from Tiandao, which shocked them again!

"My God! Two or two thousand star combat power rewards?!"

"Is this true?"

Brother Wang looked at each other, almost couldn't believe his ears!

2000 star combat power!

That is equivalent to the combat power of the pinnacle of the prefecture level!

The three of them couldn't even imagine it!

hum! hum! hum!

At this moment, the sky shook and five beams of reward beams descended in a row!

Three fell on them, and two fell on Xiao Luan'er and Jumang!

Suddenly, the combat power of the five people has skyrocketed wildly all the way!

After a while, the battle power reward is over!

Brother Wang and the three were shocked to find that they had indeed increased their 2,000-star combat power.

They were originally human-level peak strength, and coupled with the 2,000-star combat power reward, now their combat power has reached the first level of heaven in one fell swoop!

boom!

The three of them were shocked!

OMG!

They suddenly jumped from the peak of the human level to the first-level powerhouse of the heaven level!

This is simply a carp leaping over the dragon gate!

After the shock, the three were ecstatic!

"Haha! Brother Wang, I am a first-level powerhouse! I am a powerhouse at the first-level of heaven!"

"Yeah! Me too! I'm also at the first level of heaven!"

"Excited! So exciting!"

"Brother Wang, with our current combat power, if we go to participate in the Shengwu assessment, we should be able to get a low-level god-level foundation?"

"At least a 10% chance! It's just that our level is too high, we have already exceeded level 20, and the difficulty of the assessment has increased a lot! However, even if we can't get a low-level god-level foundation, there should be no problem with the top-level foundation!"

"Amazing! It's AWESOME! Woohoo!!"

At this moment, the three of them were so excited that they burst into tears!

They also benefited from misfortune. When they were in the human-level realm, they joined Longyuan City. Since then, they have soared into the sky, and there is a first-line hope of impacting the foundation of the lower-level gods.

This allows them to be promoted to the realm of heaven in the future and have a better background

At the same moment, Xiao Luan'er and Jumang also received the battle power reward, and they were all happy!Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

2000 star combat power!

This is also a great improvement for them!

"Brother, hurry up and upgrade to level 11! There will be many rewards!"

Xiao Luan'er can't wait to open the city residents panel.

"Um!"

Jumang also happily opened the panel

This little guy built his own wooden house under the guidance of Xiao Luan'er and reached level 10.

The little guy naturally knows the big benefits of upgrading a wooden house!

At the moment, the siblings happily upgraded.

At the same time, the disciples of Long Yuan were also excitedly upgrading their wooden houses!

To upgrade to level 11, the key material needed is Xuan Tianjing!

[Xuantianjing: Eighth-order material, space attribute. 】

Xuan Tianjing, an eighth-order material, is also a rare space attribute, extremely rare and extremely valuable.

It stands to reason that this material is extremely difficult to find!

Fortunately, after Longyuan Town annihilated the Six Dao Clan last time, they discovered the mines of Xuan Tianjing under its forbidden altar.

It has a full output of 100,000, enough for all Longyuan disciples to use.

In this way, Xiao Luan'er and Jumang quickly completed the upgrade of the 11th-level wooden house, and each received 52,000 attribute points as rewards.

Soon, the two little guys finished adding points and added another 1000-star combat power!

Not only the two brothers and sisters, but all the disciples of Long Yuan have also completed the upgrade of the wooden house, and one by one they have increased their combat power by 1000 stars.

As a result, Longyuan City's combat power has exceeded 50,000 stars, reaching more than 7,000, and the combat power of 100,000 stars has reached more than 30 people.

Even those newcomers who joined have skyrocketed in combat power, all of which have reached the fourth level of heaven.

In short, the overall strength of Longyuan City has skyrocketed!

Of course, Long Yuan's weakest at the moment should be Brother Wang and the three of them.

However, they also have the most room for improvement!

Before they joined in, they were still refugees and didn't have their own wooden houses.

When they have completed the upgrade of a set of wooden houses, their comprehensive strength should be able to reach the third level of heaven!

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er is rejoicing!

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

But at this moment, Brother Wang and the three of them knelt down in front of her at once!

Xiao Luan'er was stunned.

"Thank you Miss Luan'er for helping us join Longyuan City! Wang Chao is very grateful!"

"Lin Ye (Cui Ming) is also very grateful!"

The tone of the three is extremely sincere and full of respect!

They are really grateful to Xiao Luan'er!

Without Xiao Luan'er's help, they would have soared into the sky today, and it is hard to say whether they could even survive.

Xiao Luan'er smiled and said, "Get up! You have to thank my dad sincerely! It was my dad who wanted to take care of his compatriots Longbi, so he recruited you into Longyuan City!"

Hearing this, Brother Wang and the three also felt endless gratitude to Qin Feng.

"Miss Luan'er, when you see the Lord of the City in the future, please express our gratitude to him! By the way, Miss Luan'er, didn't you tell us to sign a contract with the City Lord? I don't know when to sign it?"

"Yes! Miss Luan'er, if it is convenient, we want to sign the contract as soon as possible!"

Brother Wang and the three actively asked to sign a contract.