Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this scene, Xiao Luan'er was very satisfied with the attitude of the three.

Immediately, she said: "I will notify my father's clone now! That's it?"

Suddenly, she seemed to sense something and looked up somewhere.

Now, Xiao Luan'er also has consciousness!

Under the scan of her consciousness, she saw a group of people, a thousand people, coming here

"Sister, it seems that many Longbi people have rushed over! But why do they scold us at Longyuan City?"

Jumang also muttered.

His consciousness is stronger than Xiao Luan'er, and he can even hear the whispers of those people.

Xiao Luan'er said angrily: "Brother, those guys are not from Long Piren, they are all sticks, but they look a bit like Long Piren! Dad hates those shameless sticks the most!"

With big innocent eyes, Jumang asked curiously, "Sister, what is a stick?"

Xiao Luan sneered: "Just a bunch of fools who like to eat pickles!"

"Oh!"

Jumang nodded as if he understood.

Brother Wang and the three of them were a little confused when they heard the conversation between the siblings.

They didn't see or hear anything!

This thought only came to me, and there were many dense sounds of breaking the air not far away, as if a large army was approaching.

The faces of Brother Wang and the three changed slightly.

"Miss Luan'er, it seems that a large group of people is coming here!"

Brother Wang was a little uneasy.

According to their previous habit, as soon as they sensed the army and horse, they quickly hid.

Because of this, they avoided danger many times!

Xiao Luan'er looked in that direction and sneered: "I know! A group of sticks came, about a thousand people, and they said they would attack our Longyuan City station!"

Brother Wang's expression changed again: "More than a thousand people! Should we hide first and avoid them?"

Cui Ming is the most timid.

He panicked even more: "Yes! More than a thousand people! There are only five of us. If they go together, we will be in danger! Miss Luan'er, let's hide first!"

The corners of Xiao Luan'er's mouth curled slightly: "What's there to be afraid of? These nasty sticks actually said they would attack our Longyuan! That just happened to use their lives to upgrade my brother! Let's wait for them here! "

"Uh, this!" Cui Ming was a little overwhelmed.

Lin Ye smiled: "Cui Ming! What are you afraid of? Don't forget, we are now pheasants and phoenixes, and we are no longer the weak ones we used to be. Our strengths are all at the top!"

"right!"

Cui Ming was a little surprised!

The long-term flight from east to west has made him develop the awareness of running away when he sees a threat.

At this moment, he realized that he was already a strong man!

Why are you running away?

At this time, Brother Wang also said: "That's right! We are here with Miss Luan'er, waiting for those sticks to come! To be honest, I also hate those sticks!"

Lin Ye sneered: "That's right! These sticks are going to attack Longyuan's station, it's really courting death!"

As soon as the words fell, the two inadvertently stood in front of Xiao Luan'er, intending to protect Xiao Luan'er.

Cui Ming also took a deep breath and stood beside the two.

In this way, a group of people stood there, waiting for the arrival of the other party.

To be honest, Brother Wang and the three were still a little nervous.

More than a thousand people!

Can the five of them handle it?

Also, what is the strength of the opponent?

They are also completely unclear!

Just when the five Xiaoluan'er were waiting for the enemy, something was also happening in the zero-dimensional space.

At this moment, zero-degree space.

Qin Feng's fission variant opened his eyes with joy.

Just now, he accepted Tiandao's combat power reward and obtained a 50,000-star combat power.

00

This made Qin Feng's basic combat power soar to 8.55 million stars in one fell swoop!

"The combat power reward alone will give you 50,000 stars! That's not bad! By the way, after being promoted to Longyuan City, I can upgrade my wooden house to the City Lord's Palace. I wonder what this City Lord's Palace looks like?"

Thinking of this, the fission body can't wait to open the Tiandao light screen

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Detected, you have obtained the position of the city lord! 】

【congratulations! Break the 50,000-star combat power back, and unlock it successfully! 】

Boom!

In the next second, the void vibrates!

One after another incomparably dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into the bodies of those fission bodies

[Reminder: Your servant, Granny Fengqi, has a combat power of 50,000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10,000 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan Elder has a combat power of 50,000 stars, and you have received a reward of 10,000 attribute points. 】

[Reminder: Your subordinate Liu Xuan's combat power has broken through 50,000 stars, and you have been rewarded with 10,000 attribute points. 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge kept echoing reminders

Every subordinate who breaks 50,000-star combat power can give him a reward of 10,000 attribute points!

It's so rich!

I don't know how long it has passed, and the attributes of 3,000 people have returned, and it has slowly ended!

The fission variant opened his eyes with joy.

The 50,000-star feedback has finally been completed!

Having said that, each subordinate who breaks 50,000 stars will give back 10,000 attributes!

The feedback from those 3,000 people is 30 million attributes!

With so many attribute points, he should add them first.

Thinking of this, the fission variant opened the personal attribute panel and checked it.

[Free attribute]: 32.632 million points!

what!

There are 32.632 million points!

After reading the data, Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised!

Deducting the 30 million attribute points that broke the 50,000-star feedback, the extra 2.632 million points should be obtained by his clone killing those guardian forces and white skins during this period.

2.632 million attribute points!

This gain is huge, beyond his expectations!

At the moment, the fission body no longer hesitates, and starts to add points!

It didn't take long for him to finish adding points!

Qin Feng's basic combat power soared to 9.2 million stars in one fell swoop.

As a result, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power has reached 11.1 million stars, which is closer to the goal of 14 million stars!

Of course, the sacrificial power of Fengxi's three daughters and Jumang was not counted here.

After all, the four of them are still making progress!

Strength is uncertain!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

For example, Qiyue is refining seventh-order medicinal herbs.

Those medicinal pills were rewarded by Qin Feng not long ago!

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Jumang are all killing the enemy outside, and their strength is constantly improving

Especially Jumang, his strength improved the fastest!

In a word, Qin Feng is very satisfied with this addition!

Of course, his ascension is not over.

He hasn't had time to digest the benefits brought by the upgrade of Longyuan City!

Thinking of this, the fission variant opened the city lord operation interface and began to view the creation of the first-level city lord palace.

Chapter 574: Heaven's Way Blessing! Lots of rewards!

Entering the operation interface, Qin Feng's fission variant saw the architectural needs of the City Lord's Palace.

[Conditions for the Level 1 City Lord's Palace are as follows]

[The novice cabin has been upgraded to level 11]

【20,000 units of stone】

【10,000 units of fine wood】

[1000 units of refined iron]

【100 Frost Stones】【100 Aoki Cores】

【100 pieces of fire glaze】【100 pieces of pentagon earth essence】

[100 Heavenly Quenching Gold] [100 Brilliant Stones]

[100 Dark Shining Stones] [100 Lightning Strikes Wood]

[100 pieces of wind and sky crystals] [5 pieces of Xuantian crystals]

【1 Time Stone】

"There are so many materials needed to upgrade the City Lord's Palace to level 1!"

That fission body was amazed!

These materials add up, which is much more than the total materials used to upgrade from a level 0 wooden house to a level 11 wooden house!

It can be seen that the first-level city lord palace is not simple!

Having said that, he basically has the materials on it.

The only thing missing is the last time stone!

[Time Stone: Quasi-ninth-order material, time attribute. 】

Time Stone, a quasi-ninth-order time attribute material, its cherished degree is no less than that of ninth-order materials, which is extremely rare!

"This time stone, I don't seem to have it!"

The fission body murmured in his heart, a little worried!

Without the Time Stone, he would have no way to create the City Lord's Palace!

He can't get the benefits that he has at hand for the time being!

"Right! Storage Ring!"

The fission body's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.