Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, a white light flashed in his hand, and there was an extra storage ring.

That is the storage ring of the six ancestors!

Qin Feng was too busy before and didn't have time to check the resources in it, but now he can check it out!

With this in mind, the fission body will check the storage ring

Looking at it, he was surprised.

The treasures in the Six Dao Patriarch's Storage Ring are really rich!

There are more than 10,000 pieces of Guangxuan Tianjing, as well as various spiritual pills and materials, as well as a large amount of scarce resources.

There are also some special eighth-order equipment and ninth-order items.

The fission body is very satisfied!

To his regret, the Time Stone was not found in the storage ring of the Sixth Dao Patriarch.

Then, the fission body took out two storage rings, which were the storage rings of Dao Yan and Luo Tian.

After a lot of searching, the fission body revealed a surprise color.

He really found the Time Stone, and it was two!

It was found in Luo Tian's storage ring.

He never imagined that the humble Luo Tian would have such scarce materials in his hands.

In this way, he has gathered the materials to create the palace!

At the moment, the fission body took out the Time Stone and happily created the City Lord's Palace

Boom!

After a while, the entire zero-degree space suddenly trembled violently!

click! click! click!

Not far away, Qin Feng's wooden house lit up the sky, slowly rose from the ground, and continued to expand around

Immediately afterwards, rows of palace walls broke out!

The side halls are being built automatically!

At this moment, the palace is being created, and the momentum is extremely grand!

A quarter of an hour later, a brand new palace with a height of 100 zhang and a span of 10,000 zhang stood in the center of the space, with its own rays of light, shining and magnificent!

At the same time, an announcement also sounded in Longyuan City.

[Longyuan Announcement: The City Lord Qin Feng has been promoted to Level 1 City Lord Palace! The city owner Qin Feng received 2 million attribute rewards. 】

what!

2 million attribute points!

The fission body's eyes lit up, and it was full of surprises!

You must know that when Qin Feng was promoted to level 11, he also received 52,000 attribute points as a reward.

Upgrading the level 11 novice wooden house to the level 1 city master palace actually got 2 million attribute points, nearly a forty-fold increase!

good! good!

This reward is so powerful!

It's so worth it for so much material!

Qin Feng was very satisfied!

After a while, the sky shook and a beam of reward light fell. Qin Feng really got 2 million attribute rewards.

Of course, his harvest is not over yet.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's fission continued to operate the main interface of the city

[Level 2 Council Hall: a public building of the ninth level middle grade. 】

[Reminder: If the building is successfully upgraded, the city owner can get 200,000 attribute rewards, and all residents can get 20,000 attribute rewards. 】

[Reminder: This building has been successfully upgraded, which can make all residents realize the D-level wood talent, and the wood talent that already has it will not be affected]

Qin Feng's fission body's eyes showed joy.

The successful upgrade of the discussion hall not only has attribute point rewards, but also allows all residents to realize the D-level wood talent.

Wood-type talent is a talent for healing attributes, and it is of great help to self-healing and blood recovery!

With this talent, Long Yuan's children's ability to sustain battles can be greatly enhanced!

Afterwards, Qin Feng's fission body checked the upgrade materials. The most critical material was Xuan Tianjing, which required 100 pieces and consumed a lot of money.

But Longyuan City does not lack Xuan Tianjing at all!

At the moment, Qin Feng is in a comfortable mood to upgrade

After a while, a reminder sounded in Longyuan City.

[Longyuan Announcement: The City Lord Qin Feng is upgrading the public building - the discussion hall]

[The discussion hall has been successfully upgraded to level 2, and Longyuan City has obtained a new blessing from heaven! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuancheng for obtaining the blessing of heaven! All residents get 20,000 attribute rewards! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuancheng for obtaining the blessing of heaven! The city owner Qin Feng received 200,000 attribute rewards! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuancheng for obtaining the blessing of heaven! After entering the discussion hall, all the disciples of Long Yuan can realize the D-level wood-type talent! 】

boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, there were earth-shattering cheers from Long Yuan up and down!

Ha ha!

The upgrade of this conference hall is really cool!

It actually allowed them to obtain wood-type talent!

This has greatly improved their overall strength!

In addition, the reward of 20,000 attribute points is also extremely generous!

Boom!

Immediately afterwards, a beam of reward beams of light descended over the major stations of Longyuan City, falling on the disciples!

The attribute points of the disciples soared wildly again

Everyone's cheers got even hotter!

After a few moments, the rewards are over!

The excitement of the crowd has not subsided, and Tiandao has sent another reminder

[Longyuan Announcement: The City Lord Qin Feng is building a public building - the Temple of the Moat Altar (ninth order)]

【The moat altar was created successfully! All stations in Longyuan City, thirty miles away, automatically form a barrier to protect the city, with its own enemy warning function]

【The moat altar was created successfully! All residents get the blessing of heaven and 20,000 attribute points! 】

【The moat altar was created successfully! The city lord Qin Feng received the blessing of heaven and rewarded 200,000 attributes! 】

wow!

Another reward!

Still 20,000 attribute points!

This is so powerful!

Long Yuan cheers up and down again!

Before they could think about it, Tiandao sent another reminder!

[Longyuan Announcement: City Lord Qin Feng is building a public building - Occupational Hall (ninth order)]

【Professional Hall was created successfully! The success rate of all life occupation skills has been increased by 30%]

【Professional Hall was created successfully! Open the professional mall to sell professional props and noble cards]

【Professional Hall was created successfully! All residents get the blessing of heaven and 20,000 attribute points! 】

【Professional Hall was created successfully! The city lord Qin Feng received the blessing of heaven and rewarded 200,000 attributes! 】

boom!

Long Yuan was completely boiling up and down!

Another 20,000 attribute point reward!

Even better, this occupation hall can improve the success rate of occupational skills.

There are many people in Longyuan who have life occupations such as alchemists and artifact refiners, but the occupational skills are low and the success rate is low.

With the blessing of this occupation hall, their occupational skills have also greatly increased, which is very beneficial to Long Yuan's future development!

Qin Feng was also surprised!

It turned out that in addition to selling professional props, the professional hall also sold the title **** card.

Immediately, he opened the Tiandao light screen, and sure enough, there was a professional mall interface.

Qin Feng immediately bought 5 noble cards from it and kept them as spares.

He was going to confer the title to the envoys under the command of Jumang and Dijiang.

Now that Jumang is young and Dijiang has not yet been born, he is not suitable for conferring titles, so he can only postpone it for a while

At the same time, Tiandao has dropped various blessings and rewards

Suddenly, Long Yuan was up and down again with joy!

With just this operation, Long Yuan got another 60,000 attribute rewards, which is equivalent to a 1200 star power increase!

This made Longyuan City's combat power surpass 50,000 stars, reaching more than 8,000 people.

Long Yuan's overall strength has been improved by a huge amount!

At the same time, Qin Feng also accumulated 2.6 million attribute rewards

At this moment, Qin Feng's fission body has finished adding points!

This made Qin Feng's basic combat power soar to 9.25 million stars in one fell swoop.

In this way, his comprehensive combat power reached 11.15 million stars, and he was one step closer to the goal of 14 million stars!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again

Only when this thought came up, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: It is detected that you have completed the 50,000-star feedback; what you need to unlock next is the 100,000-star combat power feedback]

[Reminder: If a subordinate breaks 100,000-star combat power, you can get 500-star combat power back, and the upper limit of back-feeding is 3,000 people. 】

[Unlock conditions: The number of sites has reached 300 or more. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Some changes have taken place in this feedback!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It is no longer to feed back attribute points, but directly feed back combat power!

A 100,000-star subordinate can feed back 500-star combat power.

This is very powerful!

After conversion, the strength of the reward has increased!

Qin Feng is looking forward to it!

However, the unlocking this time is very difficult, requiring more than 300 sites.

After this second round of competition is over, it may not be possible to achieve it!

So, don't think about it for the time being!