Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In short, his chores are basically done.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

50,000-star feedback!

The upgrade of Longyuan City!

All done!

Next, the eighth-order and ninth-order elixir that can greatly improve his combat power are the elixir.

Therefore, he is going to speed up alchemy next!

Even better, he just created a 'professional hall', which improved his alchemy skills by 30%.

The improvement of this alchemy skill is not only the improvement of the success rate of alchemy, but also the magical effect of shortening the alchemy time!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was in a good mood, so he tried his best to make alchemy again.

At the same time, in that jungle.

The five Xiaoluan'er were waiting for the sticks to come.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng created the ninth-order public buildings again and again, and let them get rich rewards again!

In just a while, all five of them increased their combat power by 1200 stars!

Xiao Luan'er and Jumang are both overjoyed!

Brother Wang, Lin Ye, and Cui Ming were even more ecstatic!

Another 1200-star combat power has been added!

This has raised their comprehensive combat power to the second level of heaven in one fell swoop!

"Brother Wang! Our strength has improved again!"

"Yeah! The second level of heaven!"

"I didn't expect that being a resident of Longyuan City would have such great benefits! It makes me so happy!"

"Yeah! This should be the greatest luck in my life!"

At this moment, Brother Wang and the three murmured excitedly!

There has never been a moment for them to feel that they are so lucky to be Qin Feng's subordinates.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, a series of dense air-breaking sounds, from far to near!

"They're here!"

Brother Wang whispered softly!

At the moment, the three of them didn't say any more, and stood tightly in front of Xiao Luan'er and Jumang, waiting for the arrival of the group of sticks!

This is the child of Qin Feng City Lord, they must protect it!

After the strength has increased greatly again, the three people have more confidence.

At this moment, in the jungle ahead, there was a muttering sound.

"Ouba! How far is the nearest station in Longyuan Town?"

"More than 10,000 miles away!"

"It's so far! My legs are so tired, Smecta!"

"Yeah! You've only walked so far, you can't do it! Assi!"

"Ouba! You said that those nasty Longbi people, why can they get the divine artifact? Are they very powerful?"

"Axi! Those Longbi people are just lucky! The strength is definitely not as strong as the people in our big universe country!"

"That's right! Those Longbi people are particularly annoying! They robbed our culture, our ancestors, and our words, and this time they also robbed our heaven-suppressing artifact! The heaven-suppressing artifact should belong to our great universe. Smecta!"

"Oppa! You're so right! Only the people of our great universe are worthy of possessing the divine artifact!"

"Yeah this time, we're going to destroy their station and grab back our heaven-suppressing artifact!"

"Oppa! I'm telling you a joke! Last time, I met a person from Longbi, and I said that they didn't have food in Longbi. He didn't believe it, and was very angry! He said that they had a lot of food!"

"Axi! There is no delicious food in Longbi! Besides Hunan, Sichuan, Cantonese, Anhui, Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Fujian dishes, what else do they have?"

"That's right! We have a lot of delicious food in the universe! We have kimchi, um, kimchi and Asi!"

Hearing these discussions, Brother Wang and the three were speechless!

Even Xiao Luan'er and Jumang were dumbfounded!

These sticks are really shameless!

After a while, the figures of those sticks finally appeared in the sight of the five Xiao Luan'er.

At the same time, those sticks also saw the five Xiaoluaner

Chapter five hundred and seventy-fifth incarnation of three thousand! Kill the audience!

"Yeah! Oppa! Someone over there!"

"And two children!"

"How can there be children in the wilderness of Asi? Go and see, Smecta!"

The group of sticks were amazed when they saw the five Xiaoluan'er!

Especially when Jumang was only two years old, she was a completely young child, and it was definitely a little strange to appear in this dangerous field.

Thinking of this, Che Mosquito, who was headed by him, strode towards Xiao Luan'er and the other five!

This Che Mosquito is the village chief of Han Bing Village, with a prefecture-level realm, and his comprehensive strength has reached the triple threshold of heaven.

After he entered this world, he awakened two A-level talents and one B-level talent.

Because of this, he was able to crush the same rank all the way, with the current strength,

He also feels good about himself and thinks he is a genius among geniuses.

In fact, their Han Bingcun had shrunk to a corner, and they had never encountered any guardian forces. They had only encountered some very weak challenge forces, and had won several battles.

This made them arrogant, thinking that they were very strong, and they wanted to take the initiative to attack the Longyuan station!

In their opinion, what the people of Longbi can do, the people of their universe can also do.

That Qin Feng only got the divine artifact by luck!

But the people of Longbi are not worthy of possessing the divine artifact, only the people of their cosmic kingdom are worthy of possessing the divine artifact!

At the same moment, Brother Wang, Lin Ye, and Cui Ming looked at each other with more than a thousand people and walked over in a mighty manner, still a little nervous.

Even if the three of them have the strength of the second level of heaven, they are still a little uneasy!

After all, there are more than 1,000 opponents!

"Miss Luan, fight for a while, don't get too close to the battle circle. Everything is handled by the three of us. You are responsible for protecting yourself and your brother!"Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Brother Wang reminded in a low voice, and then calmly held the handle of the knife!

He knew that a **** battle was inevitable!

These sticks are aimed at the Longyuan station!

He is now a resident of Longyuan, how can these sticks let him go!

At the same time, Lin Ye nervously gripped the hilt of the sword.

That Cui Ming held his breath nervously, and the hand holding the hilt of the sword was sweating.

Che Mosquito and his party got closer and closer.

At 14, there was an exclamation from the sticks!

"Mosquito Kuiuba! The three people in front are all from Long Yuan!"

"Axi! It's really from Long Yuan!"

"I didn't expect to meet someone from Long Yuan here!"

"Haha! Oppa! The three of them are talented!"

"Yeah really! It turns out that Long Yuan's people are so weak, Smecta!"

Che Mosquito and his party were surprised at first!

When they found out that Brother Wang's three talents were at the realm of human level, they suddenly became proud.

You know, one-third of their Han Bingcun is already at the prefecture level.

The people who came out of Longyuan are all human-level realms, and they don't look strong!

As for Xiaoluaner and Jumang

"Oppa! The details of those two children cannot be detected!"

"Axi! Those two children must be ordinary people, they haven't even reached the human-level realm, so they can't be detected!"

"That's right! That's right! Mosquito Kuiuba is still smart!"

"Strange! How can these three Longbi people bring two children?"

"Yeah, it must be these three Longbi people who stole two lovely children from that force and were going to bring them back to the station, but we just happened to meet them!"

"Axi! Longbi people are really annoying! They even steal children!"

"The quality of the Longbi people is like this, Smecta! They steal our culture, our costumes, and our festivals. They come to this other world, but they still can't change the habit of stealing and start stealing other people's children! "

The group of sticks strode closer while talking self-righteously.

From beginning to end, they didn't take Xiao Luan'er and Jumang seriously.

They also thought that Xiao Luan'er and Jumang were little girls who were not even human-level realm!

Because of this, they couldn't detect the information of Xiao Luan'er!

In fact, it was because of the huge difference in strength between them and Xiao Luan'er that they could not detect the details of Xiao Luan'er.

At the same time, Brother Wang and the three of them were furious when they heard the self-righteous words of the sticks, and they thought it was funny!

In a blink of an eye, Che Yekui and his party approached.

The distance between the two sides was only a few feet, and Che Moekui and the others stopped.

Afterwards, the corners of Che Mosquito's mouth were slightly upturned, and he looked at Brother Wang and the three with a proud face.

"Yeah! How come you three Longbi people are here?"

Che Mosquito asked with a proud face, like a superior questioning a subordinate.

Brother Wang frowned: "It's none of your business?!"

As soon as these words fell, all the sticks were furious!

"Axi! A kid at the human level, how dare he talk to Che Mosquito Kuiuba like this!"

"Axi! I'm going to smash his mouth!"

"Longbi people are so arrogant and self-righteous, Smecta!"

At this moment, all the sticks were filled with righteous indignation, and they could not wait to take action immediately and teach the elder brother Wang, who did not understand respect and inferiority, a lesson!

Che Yekui was also annoyed: "Asi, if you don't tell me, you think I don't know? You are here to steal children! You people from Longbi are all thieves! Come to this different world, and you are still stealing!"

The thief shouting to catch the thief made Brother Wang laugh!

Everyone on Blue Star knows that the sticks are the most shameless, they have no culture or background.

After learning the cultural etiquette from Longbi, it becomes theirs, and in turn, others say that they stole it!

What's even more ridiculous is that they also believe that the universe belongs to them, so it is also called the big universe country, which has always been known for its thick skin!

Thinking of this, Brother Wang will be mad!

Before he could speak, Xiao Luan'er spoke up.

"You self-righteous guy! Who do you think steals children? My brother and I are from Long Yuan!"