Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as these words fell, all the sticks were stunned!

What? !

Are these two children from Long Yuan?

At this moment, Che Yekui's expression froze!

If these two children belonged to Long Yuan, wouldn't he be slapped in the face if he said something before?

Afterwards, Che Yekui argued strongly: "Child Asi! Our challenger entered this world, and the youngest is fifteen years old. One of you is about ten years old, and the other is only about two years old. How could it be from Long Yuan?"

"Why is it impossible?! To tell you the truth, Qin Feng is our father! You say, are we from Long Yuan? Humph!"

Xiao Luan'er raised her chin proudly!

When it was mentioned that her father was Qin Feng, she felt inexplicably proud!

"Ah, Asi! Are you Qin Feng's daughter?!"

Che Mosquito was a little surprised.

"certainly!"

Xiao Luan said proudly.

"My sister is telling the truth! Qin Feng is our father!"

Jumang also said in a milky voice.

"Axi! How is that possible? How long has Qin Feng been in this world? Did he go to a fairy, or a saint? How could it be possible to have two children of this age so quickly?!"

Che Mosquito was a little unconvinced.

At this moment, some of the sticks behind him screamed.

"Mosquito Kuiuba! I think these two children are telling the truth! They don't feel forced at all when they are with these three Longbi people!"

"Oppa! They are probably Qin Feng's children!"

"Ouba! Otherwise, we will arrest these two children and threaten Qin Feng to hand over the divine artifact! If Qin Feng does not hand it over, we will kill his child, Smecta!"

Hearing these words, Che Mogkui's eyes lit up.

Then, he excitedly said: "Axi! Your idea is too good! We will arrest these two little dolls now!"

These words, the sticks said directly, without any intention of concealing!

Obviously, they didn't take Xiao Luan'er five seriously at all!

Swish!

As soon as the words fell, Che Yekui dodged and reached out to grab Jumang!

He intends to first capture this seemingly harmless little guy alive!

With his move, Brother Wang and the three were furious!

"stop!"

"court death!"

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Brother Wang and the three rushed towards Che Mosquito at the same time!

Jumang is Qin Feng's child, they can protect it no matter what they say!

This stick is so shameless!

Even a two-year-old baby is not spared!

In the blink of an eye, Brother Wang and the three rushed to the front, and they all shot!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

A knife light! Two sword lights!

At the same time, he slashed towards Che Mosquito Kui!

"Axi! Go to hell!"

Che Mosquito is furious!

Swish!

He raised his hand with a sword and met the attack of Brother Wang and the three!

At this moment, his face was full of hideousness, and his eyes were full of killing intent!

These three talented guys dare to stop him!

Then he killed these three with one sword!

Kill these three ant-like things!

Che Yekui was extremely confident in his heart, thinking that he could kill Brother Wang and the three with one sword!

After all, he is an earth-level realm!

There is another heaven-level triple combat power!

Destroying these three human-level dragons is not a one-shot thing!

At the same time, the sticks behind him all showed schadenfreude.

In their opinion, Brother Wang and the three are doomed!

In the blink of an eye, the attacks of the two sides collided!

when!

A burst of gold and iron screams!

The sword collided with a spark!

Afterwards, Che Mosquito was so shocked that he retreated several feet back before he stabilized his body.

Brother Wang and the three of them were also shocked and retreated several feet before they stabilized their bodies!

In this round, the two sides were evenly matched!

boom!

This time, the audience was shocked!

The sticks looked at Brother Wang in disbelief!

Oh my God!

With the cooperation of these three guys, they were able to draw a tie with their strongest Che Yingkui!

You know, these three guys are at the human level!

The sticks are a little stunned!

You know, Che Yekui is the number one powerhouse in their Han Bing Village!Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

And the villager who ranked second in strength was the first in strength, and he couldn't even handle Che Mosquito's move!

Obviously, these three disciples of Long Yuan are stronger than their second master!

Oh my God!

Are all the people in Long Yuan so strong? !

At the same moment, Brother Wang and the three were also very surprised!

Their strength has soared before, and it is at a time when their confidence is bursting!

Unexpectedly, this stick in front of me is very powerful!

The three of them join forces to reach a tie.

That's not good!

Sure enough, Che Mosquito spoke up.

"Axi! It turns out that the three of you are so strong! I underestimated you before! However, there are only five of you, and we have more than a thousand people! You are dead! Haha!"

Che Mosquito laughed proudly!

The sticks also burst into laughter!

Brother Wang, Lin Ye, and Cui Ming all changed slightly.

"Axi! Encircle them!"

As soon as Che 497 Mosquito Kui waved his hand, all the sticks rushed up, and all of a sudden they surrounded Xiao Luan'er and the other five!

The faces of Brother Wang, Lin Ye, and Cui Ming suddenly became difficult to look at.

If there is a car mosquito, they will be difficult to deal with!

Plus a thousand or so sticks, this time they are afraid that they will be more fortunate!

Thinking of this, Brother Wang took a deep breath and looked at Che Yekui.

"What kind of skill do you have to bully more people than others?!"

Che Yekui was proud: "I like more people bullying less people! What can you do? Smecta!"

As soon as these words fell, Xiao Luan'er sneered: "Is there more than people? Small sentence! Let them see who has more people!"

"Um!"

Jumang agreed with a milky voice, and white light flashed on his body!

I saw that one of him became two, two became four, and four became eight!

In the blink of an eye, Jumang turned three thousand with one!

One small sentence has become three thousand small sentences!

Densely packed, packed the audience!

That's almost three times as many as the sticks!

This is exactly Jumang's innate skill - three thousand incarnations!

This scene made all the sticks stunned!

This is the first time they have seen such a method!

Even Brother Wang and the three were dumbfounded!

But before they could react, Xiao Luan'er spoke again.

"Small sentence! Blast them!"

"Okay! Sister!"

call out! call out! call out!

As soon as the words fell, the three thousand sentence beams teleported to the sticks, stretched out their pink fists, and smashed at them!

boom! boom! boom!

A series of explosions!

In the blink of an eye, the thousand or so sticks were all blown up and turned into a fog of blood, leaving no one alive!

From Xiaojumang's shot to killing all the sticks, the whole process took less than a second!

Brother Wang, Lin Ye, and Cui Ming were completely stunned!

One by one with their mouths wide open!

call out! call out! call out!

It was at this moment that the three thousand sentences merged into one!

The little guy reappeared, and the upgraded white light lit up again!

"Sister, I've risen to level 23!"

Jumang said happily.

After killing so many sticks, he gained a lot of energy points, so he leveled up!