Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Xiao Luan'er also showed great joy when she saw the upgrade of Jumang!

This little brother is making great progress!

Xiaoju is only level 23 now, and his combat power has reached 1.12 million stars.

At this rate of progress, after the little guy reaches level 40, it is estimated that there is hope to reach the combat power of the False God threshold.

In a word, the stronger the small sentences, the greater the benefits to Dad!

Thinking of this, Xiao Luan'er is happy.

Chapter five hundred and seventy-six years of strong clan! Turned out!

"elder sister!"

Jumang happily walked to Xiao Luan'er.

"Brother, you are awesome!"

Xiao Luan'er happily touched Xiao Mengwa's head!

"Hee hee! Sister, these sticks are too weak! I can knock out a hundred thousand with one punch!"

Jumang waved his pink fist proudly.

It was at this moment that Brother Wang and the three men came to their senses and looked at Jumang with complex expressions.

This two-year-old little cute baby is really terrifying!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they would never have believed what just happened!

Fortunately, when they met for the first time, they didn't pretend to be too big, otherwise they wouldn't know how they died!

Having said that, Qin Feng's children are so powerful, isn't Qin Feng more terrifying?

At this thought, Brother Wang and the three of them couldn't even imagine it in their hearts, they only felt that their throats were a little dry for some reason!

Afterwards, Brother Wang swallowed his saliva and walked over tremblingly.

Lin Ye and Cui Ming also followed behind him nervously.

The three came to Xiao Luan'er with extremely respectful expressions!

"Miss Luan, this one"

Brother Wang looked at Jumang with awe.

Xiao Luan'er smiled and said, "His name is Jumang!"

"It turned out to be Master Jumang! Wang Chao has met Master Jumang!"

"Lin Ye (Cui Ming) has seen Master Jumang!"

The three respectfully saluted Jumang!

This little cute baby is the son of Qin Feng's city lord, and it is also appropriate to call out the young master!

What's more, the strength of this little cute baby is so terrifying, far beyond their imagination!

Brother Wang and the three are in awe of Jumang from the bottom of their hearts!

In this killing world, the stronger the strength, the more respected.

Unconsciously, Brother Wang and the three of them were also affected by this kind of values.

This is how the living environment changes people's thinking!

At this time, Xiao Luan'er said: "You three, clean up the battlefield! The storage ring and resources of these sticks will be given to you."

"With these resources, you can exchange materials, and you will soon be able to upgrade your novice cabin to level 11, which will greatly increase your strength, and you will soon be able to break through to the third level of heaven."

Hearing this, Brother Wang and the three were ecstatic!

"Thank you, Miss Luan!"

Brother Wang and the three were so excited that their lips trembled!

"By the way, I would like to thank Master Jumang!"

The three bowed respectfully to Jumang again!

These sticks were all killed by Master Jumang, and they naturally have to thank them.

Xiao Luan'er smiled and said, "Go clean the battlefield quickly!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, Brother Wang and the three of them happily went to clean up the battlefield!

Never before have they felt so happy!

Joining Longyuan City is really a great blessing in their lives!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

In this way, the trivial matters on Xiao Luan'er's side have been dealt with!

At the same time, the disciples of Long Yuan continued to attack the city!

After this upgrade, Long Yuan's overall strength has improved a lot, and the efficiency of sieging cities has also improved subtly!

This makes Long Yuan very satisfied!

At the same time, the points competition in the other nine major divisions was still in full swing.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, it was the fifth day of the second round of points competition.

The number of sites in Longyuan City has increased to 121, and the population has increased to 26,000!

Qin Feng has refined nearly half of the seventh-order spirit flower and spirit grass.

It's the sixth day of the hegemony!

The number of sites in Longyuancheng has increased to 143, and the population has increased to 28,000!

Qin Feng has finished refining the seventh-order spirit flower and spirit grass, and began to refine the eighth-order spirit flower spirit grass!

The eighth-order spirit flower and spirit grass can refine the eighth-order elixir!

And the eighth-order elixir is effective for Qin Feng!

This is also his key refining goal!

Blink of an eye to the seventh day!

The number of Longyuancheng sites has increased to 176, and the population has increased to 30,000!

Qin Feng has already refined the eighth-order spirit flower and spirit grass, and obtained more than 30,000 eighth-order spirit pills!

This is a great harvest, which makes him very satisfied!

At this moment, in zero-degree space!

Qin Feng's 1024 fission variants overlooked the space below, all with happy expressions on their faces.

I saw the space below, the original flower sea has been almost consumed, and only a few thousand ninth-order spirit flowers and spirit grasses are left!

As long as Qin Feng has finished refining the remaining spirit flowers, this alchemy task will be successfully completed!

Having said that, the ninth-order elixir has greatly improved his strength!

I don’t know how many ninth-order spirit pills he can get after refining these ninth-order spirit flowers this time?

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations!

His next wave of strength will be greatly improved, and he will rely on those ninth-order elixir!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Blue Star Announcement: In the ninth competition area, Taishi, the patriarch of the Suiyue Clan, has successfully condensed the third 'Suppressing Heaven Artifact'. 】

boom!

The news is out!

The entire Blue Star Realm was once again a sensation!

Qin Feng was also shocked!

"Another strong family has condensed the divine artifact!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and couldn't help but look in the direction of the ninth division!

This strong clan is known as the age clan, is it a race that is good at the law of time?

If so, this Years Clan is not easy to deal with!

Qin Feng has already learned about the power of time talent, and he knows that it is very difficult to mess with!

Originally a reincarnation family, it already gave him some headaches, and now another age family has emerged, this time the situation is a bit troublesome!

It seems that the third round of hegemony will be very fierce!

If he wants to win the position of the star master candidate, he must destroy the Samsara Clan and the Years Clan.

It was extremely difficult to destroy the Samsara clan, not to mention, now there is an extra age clan!

And the strong family that can become the power of the sky must have the support of the hidden person behind it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a strong sense of urgency in his heart!

"Forget it, I don't want so much! I have to quickly refine these ninth-order medicinal herbs and improve my strength!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng no longer wastes time, 1024 fission variants are closed again, and they are fully refining the medicinal pills.

At the same time, in the Longyuan City chat channel, the residents were already discussing it!

"Brothers, something is wrong! Another age group has appeared in the ninth division!"

"Yeah! The Suiyue Clan also condensed the divine artifact, and it looks like they are going to become the third heaven-suppressing force!"

"In this way, in the third round of points competition, there will be three major forces fighting against the sky! It will be much more difficult for our Longyuan City to win!"

"What I'm worried about now is, will the Reincarnation Clan and the Years Clan join forces to deal with us?"

"This should be possible!"

"It's hard to say! When I hear the name of the force, the Samsara Clan! The Suiyue Clan! These so-called clans are all old-fashioned forces in the Blue Star Realm. Our Longyuan City, named after the city, is obviously a new force!"

"I wonder if these old-fashioned forces will join forces to oppress our emerging force, Longyuan City?"

"Upstairs, it shouldn't be that simple! The reincarnation patriarch wants to be a star master candidate, and the old patriarch also wants to be! Being a star master candidate has great benefits. They are rivals with each other, how can it be easy Cooperation?"

"It makes sense! In short, the third round of hegemony will become a three-legged confrontation, which is complicated. I wonder if our Longyuan City will be the weakest of the three major forces?"

"Upstairs, don't belittle yourself! Don't forget, we are challengers! We are an emerging force! We will still be favored by heaven! Even if we are weak at the beginning, we will always be the latecomers!"

"Hey! Wealth and misfortune depend on each other! Don't forget, when we get the benefits, it is also what the enemy is afraid of! You say, will the Samsara and the Suiyue Clan be afraid of our challenger identity and join forces to destroy us first? "

"Ah! This"

"Forget it! I don't want so much! We are thinking wildly now, but we can't think of a reason! If it's such a messy thinking, it's better to quickly grow our Longyuan City!"

"The upstairs is right! Let's hurry up and unify the competition area and prepare for the third round of competition!"

"That's right! Everyone should actively improve their strength! Only when our strength rises can we deal with the children of the Samsara clan and the children of the years. As for the top combat power above, we will leave it to the boss to deal with!"

"By the way! The boss's 100,000-star unlock requires more than 300 sites! We have to quickly occupy the site and see if we can help the boss to unlock the 100,000-star feedback before the third round!"

"Yeah! If you can break the 100,000-star feedback, the boss's combat power will skyrocket! It will also be of great help to the next third round of hegemony!"

"That's right! Let's act quickly!"

"Action! Action! Act now!"

As soon as these words fell, Long Yuan took active action.

Those newcomers who have just joined, in order not to drag Longyuan City's hind legs, also began to frantically improve their strength

More Long Yuan's children, in order to help Qin Feng unlock the 100,000-star feedback as soon as possible, have increased the intensity of siege.

The original group of 200 people has become a group of 100 people!

After all, the strength of Long Yuan's children has soared. There are dozens of people at the peak of the heaven level, and there are more than 500 people at the ninth level of the heaven level.

Even if it is divided into a group of 100 people, it is extremely easy to destroy the guardian force of one side!