Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In this grouping, the speed of Long Yuan's external expansion has doubled!

The situation is moving in a positive direction

At the same time, in the seventh division, the reincarnation tribe resides!

Inside the patriarch's palace!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he looked at the ninth division with a look of astonishment!

Just now, he heard Tiandao's prompt, and the Suiyue clan in the ninth division also condensed the divine artifact.

This shocked him so much!

Even the bald man behind him was shocked!

That bald-headed man is named Jin Yu, a powerhouse at the pinnacle of demigods, and one of the ten messengers of the reincarnation ancestor!

After a long while, the two recovered from their shock!

"Young Master, I didn't expect the Suiyue Clan to get involved!"

Jinyu looks worried!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his brows were also wrinkled: "Yeah! The Suiyue Clan gave birth to a star master candidate 10,000 years ago. Its ancestor became a star master candidate three thousand years earlier than my father!"

"I'm afraid that his ancestor's comprehensive strength is better than my father! Before, there have been rumors that after his ancestor failed the star master assessment, he did not leave the Blue Star Realm, but has been hiding in Blue Star. Retreat somewhere in the world!"

"Now it seems that this rumor is true! Without the support of the ancestors of the years, the years of the family would not dare to come out and compete for the opportunity of star master candidates at this time!"

Jin Yu nodded slightly: "Yeah! The young master condensed the divine artifact three days ago, and the Suiyue Clan knew the news! But they still have to condense the divine artifact. It is not obvious that they are coming to the star contender candidate. chance!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he sighed: "Hey! That Qin Feng from Longyuan Town is really nothing to worry about. This time family is the real hot hand! Whether I can get the chance to be a candidate this time depends on the relationship between my father and the ancestors of the years. It's a fight."

Jinyu sighed with emotion: "Yeah! I wonder how the master's curse has been cracked? If the master's curse is successfully cracked, and under the sacrifice of combat power, the comprehensive combat power can break through 20 million stars, then you will not be afraid of the old ancestors of the years! "

"At that time, between the young master and the patriarch Taishi, who will become the star master candidate is still unknown!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty nodded slightly: "It makes sense! By the way, count the time, my father should be out soon, right?"

As soon as these words fell, there was a sound of footsteps outside the hall.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty and Jinyu could not help but look towards the door!

I saw the light and shadow flickering at the door, and Bai Ru walked in with a happy face.

"Report to the young master! The page (middle) of the living book that the master is looking for seems to have some signs!"

As soon as Bai Ru came in, he quickly reported a piece of good news!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his eyes lit up: "What? Is there a sign?! ​​What is the sign?"

At this moment, Yuan Chu was a little excited!

Compared with the chances of being a star master candidate, the pages of the divine book are also extremely important.

Bai Ru smiled and said: "When we swept the competition area this time, we accidentally discovered a challenge force. The leader of its force is an old man. He has a strange book in his hand, which seems to be related to the pages of the book of gods!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was pleasantly surprised: "What about that person?"

Bai Ru smiled and said, "I have already captured him alive! As for the townspeople under his command, his subordinates killed them all!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled and said, "Those ants! Kill them and kill them! You quickly bring the old man and the book over, and this young master will verify it and see if it is the page of the divine book!"

Bai Ru quickly took the order: "The old man has been knocked out by me, I guess he should wake up! This subordinate will bring him here!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Bai Ru turned around and left.

Looking at the back of Bai Ru's departure, Yuan Chu's face was full of anticipation.

If this time, they really found the pages of the book of gods, it would be of great help to his father's strength!

Maybe, he can win the star master candidate opportunity!

This is what happened in Division 7!

At the same time, something happened in Division 5.

At this moment, in the fifth division, Wuzhuangguan is stationed.

Inside the mayor's cabin.

Qingchengzi looked at the long sword in his hand with joy, and fondled it!

Wang Keng and other disciples were watching curiously.

"Master, is this a divine artifact?"

Wang Keng asked curiously.

Qingchengzi stroked his beard and smiled: "Strictly speaking, it's a ninth-order weapon transformed by a divine object!"

"Hey! It's actually a ninth-order weapon! It must be extremely powerful, right?"

"Of course! How can the power of a ninth-order weapon be weak?"

"Master, now that you have obtained this divine artifact, is our Wuzhuangguan a mysterious force?"

The disciples said excitedly.

Qingchengzi Fushou said with a smile: "According to the rules, Pindao must ensure that this long sword will stay in my hands until the end of the second round of hegemony. As long as I do this, there will be a lot of reward points!"

"In addition, we must also ensure that after the second round, our Wuzhuangguan's total points can enter the top ten in the fifth division. Only by entering the top ten can we have this divine artifact and become a new mysterious strength. !"

Wang Keng was excited: "That's great! Master, with the current points of our Wuzhuangguan, it's not a big problem to enter the top ten in this competition area. In addition, after the game is over, you can win the points reward of the goddess of heaven, ranking only will be higher!"

Qingchengzi smiled and said, "That said, we can't be careless! There are still three days until the end of the game. During these three days, we must actively harvest points and strive for a good ranking!"

"Master is right!"

All the disciples agreed!

At this moment, Qingchengzi and the others were all smiling!

They know that Wuzhuangguan has become a mysterious force, and it is already safe

Chapter Five Hundred and Seventy-Seven The Book God Pages of the Past Revealed! Imitations!

At the same time, in the seventh division, the reincarnation tribe resides.

In the hall, Yuanchu and Jinyu were waiting anxiously.

It didn't take long for Bai Ru to walk into the hall with a thin old man in black robe.

Bang!

A muffled sound!

Bai Ru casually threw the old man on the cold and hard floor.

The old man groaned before raising his head feebly.

At this moment, he is ragged, scarred, and his breath is very sluggish!

His Daoji has been sealed by Bai Ru, and he can't exert any combat power.

The moment he raised his head, Yuan Chu looked over curiously.

I saw the old man's face was thin, his complexion was fair, and he had blond hair, which was a typical western white-skinned appearance.

It turned out that the old man was Prince Dracula of the blood clan!

He established the Evernight Village, and during the novice period, he entered the top three novice villages.

After the novice period ended, he also had the chance to upgrade Yongye Village to Level 5 Yongye Town.

He himself also broke through to the realm of heaven!

However, he has only obtained the lower-level divine grade, which is far worse than Qingchengzi!

And he was able to obtain the lower-level divine quality and the Tao, relying on a divine object, and that was his greatest chance!

At this moment, when Dracula saw the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was trembling with fear!

These guys are so scary!

He saw with his own eyes that Bai Ru showed great power and slaughtered his townspeople.

Today, his old life may not be preserved!

"Young master, it's this old man! The mysterious book is on him!"

At this time, Bai Ru respectfully reported to Yuan Chu.

After seeing Dracula at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he couldn't help but smile!

The information of this old man is very consistent with the prophecy of his father!

Father said that the appearance of the pages in the book of gods must have an owner.

Its owner should be a challenger, not young, nearly half a hundred.

Isn't the person in front of you in line!

By the way, there is another piece of information, its owner has pure talent of true dragon blood.

A true dragon bloodline that can reach the pure level, at least a bloodline talent above A level.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

He sensed from the old man's bloodline aura that his bloodline talent had reached S rank!

However, why does his bloodline talent not feel like a real dragon bloodline?

"What's your name?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he asked quietly.

Dracula was terrified and at a loss.

At this moment, Bai Ru's cold voice sounded in his ears!

"Old thing! My young master is asking you something! Why don't you answer truthfully?"

Dracula hurriedly knelt on the ground and said with a trembling voice: "Oh! This esteemed lord, my name is Dracula, a challenger from Blue Star, a humble blood family!"

Looking at Dracula's humble and cowardly demeanor, Yuan Chu felt contempt in his heart, but he was also satisfied with his attitude.

"Dracula, Bai Ru said you have a strange book in your hand, take it out and show it to this young master!"

"Oh! Dear Lord! Dracula is willing to take it out for you to see. But that scripture has been integrated into my Taoist foundation, and my Taoist foundation has been sealed, so I can't take it out now..."

Dracula lowered his head and said timidly.

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he nodded slightly and looked at Bai Ru: "Unlock his seal!"

"Yes!"

With a flick of Bai Ru's index finger, a golden light entered Dracula's body.

click!

A light to!

The seal is broken!

boom!

Dracula's breath emanated 003 involuntarily!

That powerful blood aura was completely revealed!

"Hey! Why is the bloodline talent of the blood demon bat? It's not the bloodline of a real dragon!"

Yuan Chu frowned and couldn't help but muttered.

As soon as the seal was lifted, he clearly sensed that Dracula's bloodline talent category had changed.

Jinyu also said: "Young master, this old guy is indeed the bloodline talent of the blood demon bat, not the bloodline talent of the real dragon. Although the blood demon bat is also considered a divine beast, it is an inferior divine beast among divine beasts, compared with the super divine beast and the real dragon. , it's so close!"

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he nodded slightly, feeling vaguely bad in his heart.

This bloodline talent does not match!

Could it be that the book in Dracula’s hands was not transformed from the divine page (middle) of the living book?

"Dracula! Hand over your book!"

Early Yuan urged!