Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Yes, my lord!"

As soon as Dracula's mind moved, a white light flew out of his body and fell into his hands, turning it into an ancient and vicissitudes of life book.

On the page of that book, in ancient Western script, a line of book title - "Missionary" is written.

As soon as the "Missionary" came out, it exuded the brilliance that only divine tools had, which made the eyes of the early Yuan lit up.

"Respected lord, this is my divine book!"

Dracula respectfully handed it over.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he took it in a hurry and observed it carefully.

"Hey! This book has an air of humanity! Could it be true?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the more I looked, the more surprised I became.

Jin Yu was curious: "Young Master, what is the human breath?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled and said: "The book of this world is divided into three pages. The upper page controls space, which is also called the number of places; the next page controls time, which is also called the number of days. The middle page controls humanity, also known as the number of people!"

As soon as these words fell, Jin Yu and Bai Ru's eyes lit up.

"Young Master, is this book really transformed from the pages of the book in this world?"

At this moment, the two of Jinyu are a little surprised!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty smiled: "I guess Huh! No!"

Halfway through the words, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he took the "Missionary" and carefully observed it, and there was a look of doubt in his eyes.

Bai Ru was puzzled: "Young Master, what's wrong?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he muttered: "This situation is not right! The pages of the books in the present world are the wonders of heaven and earth of the middle-rank **** rank, and the sacred objects they transform should also be of the middle-rank **** rank."

"But this book, how does this young master feel that it is a low-grade god-level, and it has just reached the threshold level of low-grade god-level, and it is inferior in low-grade artifacts!"

With this reminder, Bai Ru and Jin Yu hurriedly probed for the book, and it was indeed worthy of reaching the level of low-grade gods.

This is not in line with the grades of the pages of the books in this world!

Dracula on the side was confused.

He didn't know what the three were talking about?

Having said that, he was able to achieve what he is today all thanks to this "Missionary".

After he unintentionally cracked the seal of this book, he realized that the power of the "Missionary" was comparable to a low-grade artifact, which could give him 180,000-star combat power.

It is because of this that he was able to obtain a low-level divine quality in the Tianwu assessment.

It's just that he didn't expect that just when he was proud of his spring and had infinite beauty, he killed Bai Ru and the Samsara clan, destroyed everything in him, and captured him here.

"Dracula! Quickly unlock the illusion seal of this book, and let this young master see what it really looks like! This young master can see if it is a page from a book in the world?"

As soon as the voice fell, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the scripture was tossed to Dracula!

clatter! clatter! clatter!

At this moment, there was a rush of footsteps outside the hall.

Yuan Chu and others couldn't help looking at the door.

The next second, I saw a middle-aged beautiful woman running into the hall with a happy face.

The person who came was Hua Mei, who was a peak demigod and one of the ten messengers under the reincarnation ancestor.

"Young master! The master has successfully broken the curse and is out of the customs! He will soon arrive at our clan's station and order you to go meet me!"

As soon as she came in, Hua Mei reported her intentions.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, I was overjoyed: "That's great! My father is finally out! Let's go! We'll go out to meet you!"

"Young Master, what about this person?"

Bai Ru pointed to Dracula.

Yuan Chu smiled slightly: "Let him follow along! Just in time, let my father identify it, what exactly is this scripture?"

Bai Ru's eyes lit up: "Yes! With the master's vision, he should be able to see the clue!"

"Let's go!"

At the moment, Yuan Chu took the lead and walked outside the hall.

Huamei and BBMG followed closely.

Dracula deferentially followed.

Bai Ru walked last.

Just like that, the group left the temple...

A moment later, Yuan Chu and others were in the sky above the entrance of the station, and greeted the ancestors of reincarnation, as well as the old woman Baihe and Heiyi.

As soon as the two sides met, they approached and asked at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

"Father, your curse has been lifted smoothly?"

Ancestor Samsara smiled and nodded: "Yeah! It went better than the old man expected!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he asked curiously: "Dad, after you break the curse, can the comprehensive combat power exceed 20 million stars?"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded: "If it is sacrificed by the combat power of the messengers, it can easily break 20 million stars!"

As soon as these words fell, the Yuan Dynasty was overjoyed.

Jin Yu, Bai Ru and others also showed surprises.

Immediately, Yuan Chu said excitedly: "This is really great! Dad, the Years Clan in the ninth division has also condensed a divine artifact, and I am worrying about how to deal with the Years and Old Ancestors behind them! "

"Now that your combat power can exceed 20 million stars, there is great hope for the chance of being a star master candidate this time!"

As soon as the ancestors of the years are mentioned, the expression of the ancestors of reincarnation becomes serious.

I saw him in a deep voice: "Yeah! The old man did not expect that the old ancestors of the years would also be involved in the competition for points this year. That old monster got the chance to be a star master candidate, but he was three thousand years earlier than the old man!"

"In theory, his strength should be stronger than the old man. But the old man used to be the supreme judge, and his strength has always crushed the same level. This time, the old man has successfully broken the curse. The old monster is not necessarily the old man's opponent."

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled: "Of course! Dad, under the sacrifice of all the messengers, your comprehensive combat power has exceeded 20 million stars, and if you have entered the threshold of the mid-term true god."

"With such strength, even if it is placed in the Star Master assessment, there is a 50% chance of winning the Star Master position! I am afraid that the old ancestor of the years is not your opponent!"

The reincarnation ancestor sighed: "That said, we can't be careless! After all, the old ancestor was a ten thousand year old monster, and his methods were extraordinary! It can be seen that the third round of hegemony will be a tough battle! "

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he nodded slightly: "Yeah! The next third round of hegemony is the battle between our Samsara clan and the Suiyue clan! As for Qin Feng and Longyuanzhen... huh!"

When it comes to Longyuan Town and Qin Feng, there is some disdain in the tone of Yuanchu!

The reincarnation ancestor also sneered: "Then Qin Feng's child is not worth mentioning! Even if the second round of hegemony is over, his comprehensive strength will be at the peak of the False God. The old man can destroy him easily! Now the old man's headache is the old ancestor of those years. It's gone!"

"However, having said that, after the opening of the third round, we must first destroy Qin Feng and Longyuan Town. If we can take back the first page of the book of the present in his hand, the old man will be more confident in dealing with the ancestors of the years!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his eyes lit up: "Yes! Dad, when you get the first page of the book of this world, you will have two pages of the divine book in your hand, and your strength will definitely increase. If you get the pages of the divine book, then you will be more confident in dealing with the old ancestors of the years. Big!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled bitterly: "According to the prophecy and prediction, there will be a middle page in this battle, but how easy is it to find the middle page?"

"Father, the boy seems to have found some signs of the middle page?"Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Samsara's eyes lit up: "Have you found a sign?"

"Dad, look at this man!"

Yuan Chu smiled and pointed to Dracula beside Bai Ru!

"Hey! Challenger!"

The reincarnation ancestor noticed Dracula and frowned slightly.

"Father, look at this scripture again!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he took out the "Missionary".

"Hey! This book"

As soon as the reincarnation ancestor got the scriptures, his eyes lit up!

He sensed the humane breath of the scriptures!

Could it be that this is an illusion from the pages of the book of the present world? !

With this in mind, he stroked the scriptures with one hand, trying to break the illusionary seal on the scriptures and restore its original appearance!

hum!

Aura trembled!

The scriptures are still as they were!

The ancestor of Samsara frowned: "Hey! There are bloodline talent requirements to control this scripture! Only with the bloodline talent of blood demon bats and reaching the S-level bloodline level, can this book be controlled!"

"Father, this old man has the bloodline talent of the blood demon bat, and has reached the S rank!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he quickly pointed to Dracula!

"Huh? What the **** is going on here?"

"Dad, it's like this"

At the moment, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the situation of Dracula was briefly described.

After the reincarnation ancestor heard it, he was stunned.

Then, he threw the Missal to Dracula!

"Dracula, come and unlock the illusion seal of this book, the old man wants to see what it really looks like!"

"Yes, my lord!"

Dracula dare not disobey!

He took the "Missionary", trembling hands, and stroked the surface of the book!

In the next second, a sudden change occurred!

hum!

I saw that the "Missionary" was shining brightly, its shape wriggled and changed, and finally it turned into a thin page, shining with dazzling golden light.

The pages of the book were filled with divine inscriptions, each word had divine light, and the atmosphere was extremely extraordinary.

This scene surprised Yuan Chu and others!

Isn't this the God Page of the Book of the World!

The reincarnation ancestor even waved his hand, sucked the divine page, and observed it carefully.

But after a while, he frowned slightly, revealing a hint of disappointment.

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he said in surprise: "Father, isn't this a page from a book in the present world?"

Ancestor Samsara shook his head with a wry smile: "No! However, it has something to do with the pages of the book in this world."

"Uh! That is", Yuan Chu looked puzzled.

The reincarnation ancestor took a deep breath and said, "Although it is not a page from a book in the present world, it is an imitation of a page from a book in the past!"

"An imitation of pages from past books?!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his eyes lit up and he was greatly surprised!

Bai Ru, Jin Yu and others also showed curiosity.

Books of the past and books of the present are treasures of the same rank!

Just as precious!

The reincarnation ancestor continued: "The middle page of the book of the past is the same as the middle page of the book of the present world. It can control human beings, control the number of people, and have infinite wonderful uses! However, this is just a copy of the pages of the past book!"

"However, even if it is an imitation, it has a good power, comparable to a low-quality artifact!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was pleasantly surprised: "Dad, even if it is an imitation, it can have such power, which means that the genuine product is more powerful! Even better, since there is an imitation product, it should be able to follow the vine and find its genuine product!"

"The value of the pages of the books in the past is completely comparable to the pages of the books in the present world. We must not miss it!"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "It is true!"

Then, he looked at Dracula.