Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Dracula, tell the old man, where did your book come from?"

Dracula swallowed his saliva and said in a trembling tone, "Respected lord, this scripture has been handed down from generation to generation by our blood family! Rumor has it that it was obtained by our ancestor, Cain, by chance!"

The ancestor of reincarnation pondered for a while and said, "Then where did the ancestor of your clan get it?"

"This... I don't know about this!"

Dracula smiled wryly.

The reincarnation ancestor was unhappy: "You don't know?"

Dracula said nervously: "Respected lord, I really don't know. By the way, I have heard an ancient rumor in a tribe, I don't know if it is true!"

"What rumor?"

"It is rumored that this "Missionary" is a reference to a scripture of the eastern tribe, it seems to be called "Guizang Yi". This book is imitated from that scripture, but it is not very similar, but there should be some relationship between the two!"

At this moment, Dracula said everything he knew, and did not dare to hide it at all.

After Old Ancestor Samsara and the others listened, their eyes lit up.

"Father, then "Guizang Yi" should have been transformed from the pages of the past books!"

Express his opinion at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "It's very possible! Dracula, do you know the whereabouts of "Gui Zang Yi"?"

Dracula smiled bitterly: "I don't know!"

The ancestor of Samsara frowned: "The Eastern tribe you mentioned should be a race in your original world, right? Will "Gui Zang Yi" still be in their hands?"

Dracula answered honestly: "I have secretly inquired about them before, and they seem to have been lost long ago, and there is no "Gui Zang Yi"."

"For the specific situation, you may ask some descendants of the Dongfang tribe. It may be clearer. By the way, that Qin Feng is the descendant of the Dongfang tribe!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he frowned: "It's that Qin Feng again! Dad, this Qin Feng has a lot of secrets. Maybe he really knows some. I suspect that the pages of the current book are on him."

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "It's very possible! By the way, Dracula, have you heard that in your world, there are some more powerful scriptures, even more than this "Missionary"!"

"This," Dracula pondered.

Afterwards, his eyes lit up and he said in surprise, "I remembered it! In our world, there is a book that is more powerful than the Missal!"

Ancestor Samsara's eyes lit up: "What book?"

"The original Bible of the Guangming Cult! It is rumored that its power is stronger than this "Missionary". Because of this, the Holy See of the Guangming has been suppressing our blood family!"

Hearing this, the reincarnation ancestor and others were pleasantly surprised!

It is more powerful than this "Missionary Book", I'm afraid it is really a page in the book of the world!

At the moment, the ancestor of reincarnation asked: "Then do you know where the Bible was originally?"

Dracula smiled bitterly: "I don't know, but I guess it's on some people in the Holy See of Light. They may have been brought to this world. As for where they are, I don't know. I'll recognize them when I see them! "

Hearing this, the reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly.

In fact, Dracula said this because he wanted to survive and make himself useful.

As long as the reincarnation ancestor did not find the original "Bible" for one day, he would not easily kill him.

"Father, do you want to keep this person?"

At this moment, Yuan Chu secretly transmitted his voice to the ancestor of Samsara.

Ancestor Samsara replied secretly: "The missal in this guy's hand is also a low-grade artifact, but without the bloodline talent of the blood demon bat, it cannot be used."

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was curious: "Father, is this scripture so difficult to control?"

Ancestor of Samsara: "Of course! This is a bloodline artifact, and it needs bloodline identification. If you want to have this scripture artifact, then you have to kill the old man, and then refine the blood of the blood demon bat on his body, so that you have the His bloodline talent."

"However, this method will not work. Bloodline talents are restricted by blood and cannot be obtained forcibly. Unless you have the wonders of heaven and earth such as the seal of the beast, you can refine the blood of the world."

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty: "The seal of the beast **** is too rare, I have only heard rumors, but I have not seen it! In this way, only this old man can use the imitation scriptures. Otherwise, we will save his life and let him Recognize you as the master, for our use!"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "This method is feasible!"

At the moment, the father and son secretly negotiated the fate of Dracula

It's just that the father and son did not expect that there was really one person in the Blue Star Realm who had refined the beast **** seal and could refine all kinds of divine blood.

That person is Qin Feng!

Chapter 578 Unify the competition area! Huge gain!

After secretly negotiating, Patriarch Samsara looked at Bai Ru.

"Bai Ru, how strong is this Dracula?"

"Back to the master, this Dracula's strength is very good! Although he is in the realm of heaven, but with the help of the "Missionary", his comprehensive strength has reached the middle stage of the demigod!"

"Without the help of the Missal, its comprehensive strength would have reached the initial stage of demigods!"

Bai Ru reported truthfully!

As soon as these words fell, everyone in the audience was shocked.

Ancestor Samsara's eyes lit up, and he couldn't help but look at Dracula.

"Not bad! Not bad! The heaven-level realm can exert the strength of the early demigods, and can definitely be called a genius. Such aptitude and potential are stronger than the ten messengers of this old man!"

The reincarnation ancestor stroked his beard in admiration, and there was an appreciation in his tone!

And Bai Ru, Jin Yu, Hua Mei, Hei Wing, and Baihe old woman, their eyes looking at Dracula are a bit complicated!

In terms of talent and potential, this challenger is indeed better than them!

Even at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he also praised: "Father, this Dracula's aptitude is not bad! Even if it is compared with that of the boy, it is not much different!"

"I think it's true. If his aptitude is mediocre, it is impossible for him to break through to the realm of heaven in such a short period of time. Among the challengers who want to come this year, except Qin Feng, it is estimated that this Dracula's aptitude is The best!"

Ancestor Samsara nodded slightly: "Such talent is really rare! If I ask this old man to see, he should be the most qualified challenger besides Qin Feng!"

At this moment, when Dracula heard the praise of the reincarnation grandfather and son, he was still a little proud.

The only thing that made him uncomfortable was that these people kept praising Qin Feng, saying that Qin Feng was stronger than him.

He also didn't understand, how could Qin Feng, the man from Longbi, hold him down?

After all, he is also a noble blood prince, how can he be compared with those inferior Longbi people?

Dracula is still a little arrogant!

He has always been proud of his noble blood.

Up to now, he still doesn't know that his so-called bloodline is only the bloodline of the blood demon bat, the blood of inferior divine beasts.

Compared with the real dragon bloodline of the Longbiren, the quality is several grades inferior!

It's just that the blood concentration in his body is high!

The Longbi people have a long history, and the blood in their bodies has long been thin.

"Dad, that person"

At this time, the voice of the beginning of the Yuan sounded again in the field.

The reincarnation ancestor pretended to ponder, pretending to show the color of thinking.

Dracula suddenly became nervous and looked at the reincarnation ancestor anxiously.

After a while, the reincarnation ancestor sighed: "That's it! Dracula, the old man sees that you have good aptitude and will give you a chance to live. If you are willing to accept the old man as the master, and do things for the old man! The old man will save your life! Otherwise, hey-hey!!"

Pfft!

Upon hearing this, Dracula hurriedly knelt down!

"Master! Dracula is willing to be loyal to you forever and ever! Never betray!"

The tone was full of endless humbleness, without a trace of backbone and arrogance.

"Very good! Come here!"

The reincarnation ancestor is very satisfied with Dracula's attitude!

"Yes!" Dracula stepped forward nervously.

Ancestor Samsara didn't say a word, immediately broke his fingers and drew a blood oath contract in the air, pressing it between Dracula's eyebrows.

After a while, the slave contract was signed.

Dracula sighed in relief.

He finally became the slave of the reincarnation ancestor, and his old fate was saved.

The reincarnation ancestor also breathed a sigh of relief, showing a look of joy.

This kind of slave contract cannot be forcibly signed, and must be signed by the other party.

Now, he has successfully signed the contract, and he has another subordinate with good qualifications.

"Father, congratulations on getting another good subordinate!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, I am also happy and congratulated!

"Master, this Dracula is the most outstanding genius in the challenge, apart from Qin Feng. It is also a great blessing for you to win this genius!"

Bai Ru also flattered!

The reincarnation ancestor laughed without saying a word!

He was happy with Dracula.

In his opinion, Dracula is the best challenger besides Qin Feng.

This group of people didn't know that Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, and Jumang under Qin Feng's command were all challengers, and all of them were much better than Dracula.

Even Granny Fengqi, Elder Qishan, and Liu Xuan all hope to surpass Dracula.

After all, the three of Granny Feng Qi have not yet completed the Tianwu assessment. If they also pass the Tianwu assessment and have a low-grade artifact to assist them, I am afraid that they are not much worse than Dracula.

With Qin Feng's continuous construction of Longyuan City, it is only a matter of time before these three surpass Dracula.

In addition, Qingchengzi among the challengers is also much better than Dracula.

Obviously, the ancestors of reincarnation greatly underestimated the challengers of this session, and even underestimated Longyuan City!

"Dracula, you will serve the old man well in the future! The old man will not treat you badly!"

"Yes, Master!"

"By the way, starting from today, you will search for the original "Bible". If you can help the old man find the original "Bible", the old man will definitely train you well!"

Dracula rejoiced: "Master, rest assured! The subordinates will definitely try their best to find it!"

Ancestor Samsara nodded with satisfaction: "Very good! By the way, do you know something about Qin Feng in the first division?"

"This"

Dracula pondered for a while and said, "Master, this subordinate doesn't know much about Qin Feng. However, the subordinate knows that Qin Feng is from the dragon on the blue star. In our Lanxingsang, the dragon is a pile of bodies. Weak yellow people."

"They also have the title of the sick man of the East in history! They can't be compared with a noble white person like me. Therefore, Qin Feng can condense the divine artifact this time, which is very surprising to his subordinates!"

"My subordinates think that Qin Feng's ability to do this is partly due to luck!"

Up to now, Dracula still has the arrogance and prejudice of the white skin of the West in his bones.

He had already forgotten that their family's handed down divine book "Missionary" was copied and copied from the "Gui Zangjing" of the ancient eastern tribes, and it was imitated very differently.

And that ancient oriental tribe is the dragon!

"Father, so, we overestimated Qin Feng before!"Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Yuan Chu muttered.

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "Yes! The old man said that when I met that Qin Feng before, I almost slapped him to death! Judging from his strength at that time, he was not as good as my junior brother."

"It seems that that guy really relied on some disgraceful means, plus some luck, to defeat my junior brother!"

The reincarnation ancestors sighed endlessly!

Then, he said again: "It can be seen that Qin Feng's child is nothing to worry about! Now, the biggest opponent of our reincarnation family is the old ancestor of that time!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone nodded their heads!

The ancestors of reincarnation and others began to not take Qin Feng seriously.