Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

They didn't know that Qin Feng's strength far exceeded their expectations.

In this way, after the reincarnations accepted Dracula, they began to search for the original whereabouts of the "Bible", and waited for the start of the third round of hegemony.

On the other side, Qin Feng did not relax at all, and always aimed at the reincarnation of the ancestors.

Due to the birth of the Suiyue Clan, Long Yuan Shang and Shang felt invisible pressure, and all of them were trying their best to attack the city.

The newcomers are also working hard to improve their strength!

In short, the strength of Longyuan City has been on the rise!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, it's the eighth day of the competition!

The number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 243, and the population has soared to 37,000!

Among them, the combat power exceeded 50,000 stars, and it has reached 9,000 people!

In a blink of an eye, it was the ninth morning of the competition!

The number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 277, and the population has skyrocketed to 40,000!

Among them, the combat power exceeded 50,000 stars, just over 10,000!

Long Yuan's overall strength has skyrocketed to a large extent again!

However, Long Yuan's external attack stopped there.

At this moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel, there is already a lively chat.

"Haha! Brothers, this is the ninth morning, and we have unified the first division!"

"Yeah! The entire competition area has been swept away by us! As for whether there are still hidden forces that have not been discovered, it is hard to say."

"Haha! Even if there are hidden forces that haven't been discovered, it's nothing to be afraid of! They will be hidden, which means that they are afraid of our Longyuan City and are willing to bear the second round of the curse of heaven, and there is no longer a threat!"

"In this way, our Longyuan City can be regarded as the first unified competition area!"

"Yeah! The mission is finally completed!"

"It's a pity that we only have 277 sites, and we are still 23 away from the 100,000-star feedback standard for the boss!"

"Hey! There is no way to do this!"

"It seems that we will have to wait until the third round of hegemony starts before we can get the number of sites to 300!"

"Calculate the time, there is still a day and a half left, and the second round of hegemony is over. What should we do in this day and a half?"

"Wait for the boss's arrangement! By the way, everyone, how is the boss's alchemy?"

"I do not know!"

"By the way, I heard that the boss wants to concoct pills in large quantities this time, and after practicing pills, he will distribute pills to improve everyone's strength!"

As soon as these words fell, it immediately caused a sensation!

Everyone is even more excited to chat!

"Wow! Upstairs, are you telling the truth?"

"It's true! This seems to be said by Miss Luan'er!"

"Haha! Miss Luan'er is the eldest's daughter. She said so, the eight achievements are true!"

"Haha! That's great! As soon as the boss makes a move, the medicinal pill must be a high-quality product! With the medicinal pill given by the boss, this time we have to increase our strength!"

"Yeah! When our strength increases greatly, we will have more confidence in dealing with the Samsara and the Suiyue Clan!"

"Oh! You said that, I'm looking forward to this!"

"Little sister is also looking forward to it! I hope that the brother of the city owner can complete the alchemy soon!"

"The girl upstairs, don't worry! The boss will definitely give us a big surprise!"

At this moment, all the disciples of Long Yuan were excitedly looking forward to it.

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng stood in the air, his face full of joy.

It turned out that he had already completed the great cause of alchemy!

The ninth-order medicinal pill was the most difficult to refine. It took him a day and a half to finish refining, and he obtained more than 4,000 ninth-order medicinal pills in total!

This is a super huge gain!

More than 4,000 ninth-order medicinal pills, the improvement of combat power is absolutely huge.

"There's still a day and a half left, and the second round of competition is coming to an end. It's time to hurry up and refine the pills to improve your strength!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

At this moment, there are too many medicinal pills in his hand to count.

Of course, he wants to distribute it in large quantities to his subordinates to improve his strength together.

Especially those 5th-order, sixth-order, and seventh-order medicine pills are of no use to him, just for his subordinates!

The pills that can be useful to him now are the eighth and ninth orders.

Before that, though, he had one more thing to deal with.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the Tiandao light screen and wanted to check the recent attribute point harvest.

Having said that, he has been retreating and refining alchemy during this time.

The four avatars went on expeditions outside, allowing him to gain a lot of feedback.

Before he knew it, his level had risen to level 65, a full 4!

If he can be upgraded to level 4, there are definitely a lot of attribute points to harvest!

Not to mention anything else, the number of bare sites has soared by more than 100, and you know that the harvest must be huge!

Qin Feng thought expectantly and entered the personal panel.

[Free attribute]: 7.336 million points

good! good!

Accumulated 7.336 million attribute points!

This is definitely a huge gain!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

This harvest greatly exceeded his expectations!

At the moment, he is in a good mood and starts up!

Before long, the points will be added!

Qin Feng's basic combat power soared to 9.4 million stars in one fell swoop, and the comprehensive combat power reached 11.3 million stars!

This is another big step closer to the goal of 14 million stars!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

call!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

All the chores are done!

Next, he should deal with the medicine pill!

Qin Feng smiled and turned into white light, disappearing out of thin air

Soon, the disciples of Long Yuan will usher in a great benefit of medicinal pills, and their strength will be greatly improved! .

Chapter five hundred and seventy-ninth leap forward! God's fighting power!

At this moment, the City Lord's Palace, a luxuriously decorated secret room.

Qiyue opened her eyes with joy!

Just now, she refined a seventh-order medicinal pill, and her combat power increased a lot.

Thinking of this, she raised her head to look at the Dijiang Spirit Egg not far away.

I saw the spirit egg exuding a faint aura, still sleeping.

During this period of time, the owner has fed the Dijiang spirit egg with blood essence four times, and I don't know when this spirit egg will hatch?

Counting the time, the incubation time of this Dijiang Spirit Egg is much longer than that of Jumang.

Thinking about it, the Dijiang Spirit Egg is a mid-grade god-level spirit egg, which corresponds to the True God Realm, so it is naturally more difficult to hatch.

But once hatched, its strength will be far beyond imagination!

Maybe as soon as it is born, it can reach the combat power of the initial stage of the False God!

Thinking of this, Qiyue looked forward to Di Jiang's birth even more.

call out!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of Qiyue, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

"Owner!"

When Qiyue saw Qin Feng, she happily greeted him.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile, and also looked at the little girl.

During this period of time, he had been refining medicinal pills in the space, and Qiyue had been refining the medicinal pills he had rewarded in the space.

While one day has passed in the outside world, ten days have passed in the zero-degree space.

Therefore, Qiyue has refined a large number of medicinal pills, and the progress is also extremely rapid!

With the help of those medicinal pills, the little girl's combat power has reached 750,000 stars, which is already on the same level as the ten messengers under the reincarnation ancestor.

You know, this little girl is at the realm of heaven!

In this comparison, Qiyue's potential is much stronger than the messenger of the reincarnation ancestor!

And with the increase in strength, the little girl's temperament has become more and more otherworldly and more beautiful!

Seeing this, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

The stronger the little girl is, the more battle power she will sacrifice to him!

"Yue'er, how is the refining of the medicinal pill?"

"Master, the seventh-order medicinal herbs you gave, I have refined to the upper limit, and refining them has no effect. By the way, here are the redundant seventh-rank medicinal herbs, take them back and give them to Luan'er!"

Qi Yue happily took out a storage ring, and there were hundreds of seventh-order elixir left in it.

Qin Feng took the storage ring with a smile.

For Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, and Jumang, only pills above the seventh rank are useful.

Now, Qiyue has refined all kinds of seventh-order medicinal herbs to the upper limit.

"Yue'er, you go to the chat channel and let everyone know, and let all the children come to the floating city to gather! I want to distribute the medicinal pills to everyone, so that everyone can improve their strength together!"

Qi Yue was pleasantly surprised: "Master, I'll go right now!"

Then, she added: "By the way, Master, there is only one and a half days left, and the second round of competition is coming to an end. After the rest period, everyone will go to participate in the Tianwu assessment. "

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Isn't there your time force field? This time, after you go out, cover the entire floating city with your time force field. In this way, all the children can enjoy the benefits of the time force field. "

"That one and a half day, converted into fifteen days, that is, half a month. In this half month, it is enough for everyone to refine the medicinal pills that I rewarded!"

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Yes! Master, then send me to the floating city now!"

"it is good!"

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, Qiyue turned into a white light and was sent out.

After doing this, Qin Feng waved his hand again and took out more than 10,000 eighth-order medicinal pills from the storage ring.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

[King Kong Body Protection Pill: Eighth-Order Spirit Pill, refining limit of 100 pieces]

[Void Spirit Guiyuan Pill: Eighth-Order Spirit Pill, refining limit of 100 pieces]