[Essence and Concentration Elixir: Eighth-Order Elixir, the upper limit for refining is 100]

Rows of pill information appeared, all of which were extremely precious eighth-order pills.

If ordinary disciples can get one, they will be ecstatic!

However, although medicinal pills are precious, each one has a refining limit.

Qin Feng picked out 6,400 pieces, just reaching his refining limit.

When he finished refining these 6400 eighth-order medicinal herbs, his combat power must skyrocket!

After picking, Qin Feng put away the 6,400 eighth-order pills, and left the remaining eighth-order pills to Fengxi and Jumang.

After processing the eighth-order pill, Qin Feng waved his hand again, and more than 4,000 ninth-order pills appeared in front of him.

[Pirates of Lidan: ninth-order elixir, refining limit of 50 pieces]

[Wuji Pill: ninth-order elixir, refining limit of 50 pieces]

[Shen Hua Dan: ninth-order medicinal pill, refining limit is 50 pieces]

Looking at the rows of information about the ninth-order medicinal herbs, Qin Feng was in a happy mood and continued to choose the ninth-order medicinal herbs.

At the same moment, the Long Yuan chat channel was full of cheers!

When Qiyue announced Qin Feng's order, everyone was ecstatic!

"Haha! Everyone, I'll just say it! The boss will definitely reward everyone with the medicinal herbs!"

"Everyone, the most important thing is that the medicinal pills that the boss rewarded this time are all medicinal pills above the fifth rank!"

"Hey! My God! Medicine pills above the fifth rank! It feels good to think about it! Haha!"

"Everyone, don't waste time! Hurry up and follow the boss's order and go to the floating city to gather!"

"Haha! Great! Gather! Hurry up and gather!"

"I'm already on the teleportation array! I'll be there soon!"

"Hee hee! Little sister is also on the teleportation array!"

"By the way, we have all gone to the floating city, who will guard those stations?"

"Isn't there still those prisoners? This time, we in Longyuan City have captured more than 300,000 prisoners, and there are more than 1,000 prisoners assigned to major stations!"

"Let those prisoners be guarded, and nothing will happen, right? Those prisoners cannot betray under the action of the prisoner of war order, but they are all human-level realms, and their strength is not strong!"

"Upstairs, you forgot? Our Longyuan City has unified this competition area! At this time, what other forces will come to make trouble? The third round of competition has not started, and the forces in other competition areas will not be able to get through!"

"Yeah! I almost forgot about this! Then I'll go to the assembly with confidence!"

"Haha! Come to the floating city! I am already in the floating city!"

"Little sister has also arrived in the floating city!"

At this moment, Long Yuan fell into a sea of ​​joy!

A feast of medicinal herbs is about to start!

Half an hour later, the sky above the floating city.

Qin Feng looked down at the entire city with a smile on his face.

I saw below, 40,000 Long Yuan disciples, sitting with their eyes closed, all kinds of elixir emanating from the top of their heads.

It turned out that he had already distributed the medicinal pills to these children.

Each disciple received one hundred fifth-order pills and fifty sixth-order pills.

If these medicinal herbs are refined, it will be enough to make their strength soar!

In addition, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan, Lei Jue, Feng Ying, and Wu Yong, the core children with a combat power of over 100,000 stars, received double the amount of pills.

In addition, Qin Feng also gave Liu Xuan and other core children fifty seventh-order medicinal pills each.

In short, the medicine pills have been distributed!

Qiyue also opened the time force field!

Next, it's time for all the disciples of Long Yuan to concoct alchemy!

Everyone was immersed in the happy time of refining medicinal pills.

"Dad, you sent all the medicinal pills to Liu Xuan, when will you send them to us?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's impatient voice sounded behind Qin Feng.

"Dad! Daddy! I want too!"

The voice of Jumang's milky voice also came.

It turned out that Qin Feng had distributed the medicinal pills to his subordinates, but he had not yet distributed the medicinal pills to Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, and Jumang.

Little Luan'er and Jumang, the two little guys, can't wait.

Qin Feng smiled and looked back at several people, with a look of relief in his eyes.

After this foreign expedition, the two little guys have made great progress!

Xiao Luan'er has risen to level 55, and his combat power has reached 800,000 stars.

Jumang has risen to level 37, and his combat power has reached 1.3 million stars.

Looking at Feng Xi again, she has risen to level 57, and her combat power has reached 1 million stars.

What's even better is that with the increase in strength, Feng Xi's face becomes more and more beautiful!

There is a feeling of full bloom, exuding the ultimate beauty, just waiting to be picked!

In short, the progress of the three people is very huge!

If you add Qiyue's 750,000-star combat power, the four of them can sacrifice about 2.69 million-star combat power to Qin Feng!

In this way, under the sacrifice of Qin Feng, the comprehensive combat power can reach 13.99 million star combat power.

This is only 10,000 stars away from the 14 million-star combat power target!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng laughed!

Their ascension is not over yet, because they still have a feast of medicinal herbs waiting to be enjoyed.

"Little guy, the pills in this storage ring are for you!"

Qin Feng took out a storage ring and handed it to Xiao Luan'er.

There are thousands of seventh-order pills, thousands of eighth-order pills, and two hundred ninth-order pills.

After some selection, Qin Feng can refine the ninth-order medicinal pills, reaching 3,110.

There are a thousand or so ninth-order medicinal pills left, which will naturally be distributed to Xiao Luan'er and the others.

"Wow! Dad! So many ninth-order medicinal herbs!"

Xiao Luan'er took a look at the storage ring, and her face turned red with excitement.

She never imagined that her father gave so many pills.

Two hundred ninth-order medicinal herbs!

That value is comparable to a low-grade divine pill!

"Dad! Dad! I want it too! I want it too!"

Xiaojumang raised his little head, and jumped his feet in a hurry!

After this little guy became stronger, he grew up a little bit, and he was about three years old.

"this is yours!"

Qin Feng fondly touched his little head and handed over a storage ring, which contained the same amount of medicinal pills as Xiao Luan'er.

"Thank you dad!"

The little guy happily held the storage ring and flipped through it.

After doing this, Qin Feng looked at Feng Xi again.

"Owner!"

An inexplicable blush appeared on Feng Xi's beautiful face, and a different kind of autumn wave flowed through her beautiful eyes.

For some reason, every time she saw the master again, she found that the master's temperament became more and more charming, which made her more and more infatuated.

"Feng Xi, this is yours!"

"Thank you master!"

Feng Xi happily accepted the storage ring.

"Yue'er, this is yours!"

"Thank you master!"

Qiyue also happily accepted the storage ring.

Her storage ring is full of eighth- and ninth-order medicinal pills, after all, the seventh-order has been refined to the upper limit by her.

"Small sentence!"

At this time, Qin Feng looked at Jumang again.

"Little guy, in this storage ring, there are still 500 drops of Holy Land Divine Essence, you can also use it to refine it!"

"Thank you dad!"

Xiaoju said in a milky voice, happily accepting the storage ring.

"Okay! The medicinal herbs are all finished, the four of you should hurry up and refine them!"

"Um!"

Feng Xi and the four responded, and they all sat cross-legged in the air, and began to refine the medicinal pills.

At the same time, Qin Feng's four avatars of Mirage, Moon Spirit, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit flew to the surrounding of the floating city to protect everyone!

The four avatars of Qin Feng have reached the limit of False God and are extremely powerful!

It can be said that each of his current clones is better than the Six Dao Ancestors.

With these four avatars guarding, no one can disturb the refining of medicinal pills by everyone in Long Yuan.

call!

Finally finished!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

Next, he should hurry up and refine the medicine pill.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's body flashed with white light, and instantly transformed into 1024 fission variants.

Afterwards, each fission body took out an eighth-order medicinal pill, ready to swallow and refine it.

call out! call out! call out!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field!

I saw Xiaojumang's body flashing with white light, and instantly turned into three thousand Xiaojumang!

3.5 Afterwards, each Xiaojumang took out a medicinal pill, imitated Qin Feng's appearance, and began refining medicinal pills.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng laughed!

This guy's innate skill - three thousand incarnations, similar to his infinite fission, is very practical!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer thought about it, 1024 fission variants swallowed the elixir and began to refine it

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, half a day passed, and it was the tenth day, which was the last day of the competition!

Half a day has passed in the outside world, but five days have passed in the time force field of Floating Void City.

In the past five days, Long Yuan has refined a large number of medicinal pills up and down, and his overall strength has improved a lot.

The combat power has exceeded 100,000 stars, and it has reached more than 150 people.

Qin Feng also refined the 6,400 eighth-order pills, and the basic combat power broke through to 9.9 million stars in one fell swoop.