Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Fengxi's three daughters and Jumang's strength also increased greatly!

If the power of sacrifice is added, his comprehensive combat power can reach 15 million stars, and he has stepped into the threshold of true **** combat power, which greatly exceeded his expectations.

This makes Qin Feng very satisfied!

Afterwards, he took out the ninth-order medicinal pill and began refining it.

The ninth-order medicinal herbs are more difficult to refine than the eighth-order medicinal herbs. He still has three thousand ninth-order medicinal herbs to refine, and the task is heavy!

However, the effect of the ninth-order pill is ten times stronger than that of the eighth-order pill!

At the moment, Qin Feng is looking forward to refining the ninth-order medicinal herbs with all his strength.

He wants to refine all the ninth-order medicinal herbs before the end of the game

On the last day of this competition, Long Yuan's children were enjoying the feast of medicinal herbs.

There's something going on in the regions

Chapter 580 Holy Light Baptism! Mysterious seal!

The sixth division, in a hidden valley.

Hidden here is a challenging force town named Guangming Town.

At this time, in the town, a group of people gathered around an altar.

This group of people has western white skin, brown skin Asan, yellow skin stick and cherry blossoms, all kinds of skin color, it is a complete hodgepodge, but there is no dragon!

At this moment, the faces of these people are all excited.

Standing at the front of the crowd was a white-skinned old man in a golden robe.

The old man was fat, with sparse white hair, and there was a hint of grace and luxury in the greasy body.

This old man's name is Paul, and he is the mayor of this Bright Town!

Before Paul came to this world, he was an archbishop of the Western Illuminati!

After coming here, he established Guangming Village.

During his time in Novice Village, his Guangming Village strength was once comparable to Wuzhuangguan and Yongye Village.

After the end of the novice period, he also had a series of opportunities, and now he is a heaven-level powerhouse with a middle-level **** and a combination of Tao, and his comprehensive strength is close to the peak of a demigod.

Of course, he was able to achieve such a feat entirely because of a fetish in the altar!

Thinking of this, Paul looked at the altar in front of him excitedly.

I saw that the altar was lit with aura and was slowly running!

And in the center of the altar, there is a simple-looking "Bible" suspended, exuding the vicissitudes of life!

This is the original "Bible" passed down from generation to generation by the Guangming religion, and it is also the treasure that the ancestors of reincarnation are looking for!

Paul's job as archbishop was to keep the original Bible.

It is also because of this that he entered this world with the original of the Bible.

Later, by chance, he unlocked the original seal of the "Bible", only to find that this scripture is actually a treasure of the peak of the low-grade gods, which can give him back 250,000-star combat power, which is extremely powerful!

It was because of this treasure that he helped him pass the middle-level god-grade combination, and his comprehensive strength reached the threshold of the peak of the demigod.

However, he found something odd about the Bible,16 that there was more than one seal.

He only unlocked the first seal and could control this treasure, but he couldn't unlock the second seal.

I don't know what secrets are hidden in the second seal?

He only vaguely sensed that the second seal contained endless power of light, which seemed to hide an extremely powerful existence, giving him an extremely terrifying feeling.

It seems that as long as the second seal is broken, he will be destroyed in an instant!

It was because of this inexplicable intuition that after several attempts, he dared not touch the second seal again.

"Dear Pope! When will this Bible be fully charged?"

At this moment, a woman's questioning voice sounded behind Paul.

The one who spoke was a beautiful blonde with blue eyes and a proud figure.

Her name is Anna, and she is Paul's personal secretary, who can meet all Paul's needs.

Paul looked back at Anna, those bloated fish bubble eyes, and glanced greedily at Anna's long legs.

"My dear Anna, you still need to wait a little longer. It is estimated that in ten minutes, the "Bible" will be fully charged!"

Paul explained patiently.

It turned out that after Paul promoted Guangming Village to Guangming Town, he made himself the Pope.

Now the townspeople of Guangming Town respect him as 'Sir Pope'!

After listening to Paul's words, Anna looked excited: "Oh! It's great! So, in ten minutes, the Pope will be able to baptize us with the Holy Light!"

Pope Paul smiled: "My dear Anna, when my Bible is fully charged, I will be the first to baptize you!"

Anna was overjoyed: "Dear Pope! Thank you so much!"

"Sir Pope, can I enjoy the baptism of the Holy Light for the second time?"

At this time, a stick named Jin Erzhong asked with a look of anticipation.

Pope Paul smiled and said: "Oh! My dear Mr. Jin, you are so excellent and you have made so many contributions to my Bright Town, of course you can get the second one."

Jin Erzhong was overjoyed: "Thank the Lord! Thank you, the Pope!"

Afterwards, he asked again, "Sir Pope, after the baptism of the Holy Light, how much can we increase our combat power?"

Pope Paul smiled: "This is also the first time that this Pope has used this Holy Light Baptism. The specific effect is still unclear. This Pope estimates that it should increase your combat power by 1,000 stars!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience was full of ecstasy.

"I bought it! This Holy Light baptism can actually increase our combat power by 1000 stars! It's amazing!"

"Yo Xi! If we can increase our combat power by 1000 stars, then the overall strength of our Guangming Town will increase by 30%!"

"This baptism of light is amazing, Smecta!"

At this moment, all the residents of Guangming Town cheered excitedly!

There are all kinds of cheering languages!

After Paul established Bright Town, he took the initiative to attract a large number of challengers.

What Asan, Bangzi, Yinghua, Yuehou, he all recruited.

The only condition is that those who want to join Guangming Town must believe in God and the Lord!

Those who do not want to believe are not allowed to join.

Those Asan, Bangzi, Yinghua, and Yuehou saw that Guangming Town was so powerful. In order to survive, they didn't care so much. They directly agreed to believe in God and joined in.

As a result, Guangming Town has grown in a short period of time, reaching a population of 30,000, and has been upgraded to a level 7 town.

Of course, in the process, Paul also met some Longbi people.

But Paul not only did not take in the Longbi people, but also directly indulged the people in Guangming Town to kill those Longbi people.

In particular, the news that Longyuan Town had condensed the divine artifact from the sky spread, making Paul even more jealous, and he specifically asked the people of Longbi to kill him.

Up to now, his hands have been stained with the blood of many dragons.

The same goes for his townspeople!

At this time, Jin Erzhong said excitedly: "Sir Pope, this Holy Light Baptism is so powerful! If you use it a few more times, then the strength of our Guangming Town will become stronger and stronger, Smecta!"

Paul shook his head slightly: "Oh! My lovely Mr. Jin! I also want to use it a few more times, but this Holy Light Baptism can only be used once a month!"

It turned out that after Pope Paul unlocked the original seal of the "Bible", he found that this divine book also came with a low-level divine-level skill - Holy Light Baptism!

This 'Baptism of Holy Light' is similar to an energy empowerment, which can be poured into a person's body with the purest light energy, thereby greatly enhancing the combat power of believers.

As for how much combat power can be increased, Pope Paul is too unclear.

After all, he hasn't used it yet, and is trying.

He only vaguely felt that this baptism of holy light would probably increase the combat power of all believers by about 1,000 stars.

Regardless of whether it has 1000 stars, baptism can increase the combat power, which is definitely a good thing.

The only pity is that this baptism can only be performed once a month!

At this time, Jin Erzhong said again: "Sir Pope, even if you can only be baptized once a month, it is still very good, Smecta!"

Anna also said: "Oh! I agree with Mr. Jin very much! After the baptism, each of our townspeople can increase their combat power by 1,000 stars! In addition, the second round of competition is coming to an end, and our Bright Town is about to become the first The sixth division, a new mysterious force."

"According to the rules of Heaven, there will be rich rewards for becoming a new mysterious force. The combination of these two rewards will definitely increase the strength of our Guangming Town, and it is estimated that it can surpass that of Longyuan Town!"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

When it comes to Longyuan Town, Pope Paul is a little upset!

Jin Erzhong was even more disgusted: "Assi! That Longyuan Town has condensed the divine artifact to suppress the sky, and wants to become the power of the sky. When did the luck of the people of Longbi become so good?!"

Pope Paul also said: "Oh! My lovely Mr. Jin! You're right! That Qin Feng was able to condense the divine artifact, it must be luck. Even if this pope has this "Bible" artifact, he can only become Mysterious forces."

"The Pope doesn't believe that Qin Feng's strength is stronger than me? He doesn't have the same divine artifact as the "Bible". I estimate that he was lucky and condensed the divine artifact by luck and shady means. "

When it comes to the anti-sky artifact, Pope Paul's tone is sour and extremely dissatisfied.

You know, since he unlocked the seal of the "Bible" and obtained this sacred object of the peak of the low-grade gods, he thought he was the son of luck.

This is a personal item he brought from Blue Star, not obtained in this world.

He can't believe it, Qin Feng also has such a big opportunity!

Anna also said: "Oh! Lord Pope, I also think that Qin Feng is relying on luck. However, Longyuan Town has condensed the divine artifact, and this time it will become the power to suppress the sky."

"According to the rules of the Heavenly Dao, if the challenging force becomes the Heaven-suppressing force, there will be extremely rich rewards, which are dozens of times richer than the rewards of becoming a mysterious force!"

After hearing this, Pope Paul and Jin Er Center both felt a little uncomfortable.

Afterwards, Pope Paul sneered: "Oh! Dear Anna! If you don't condense the divine artifact, then you can become a force to suppress the sky. Then Qin Feng must ensure that after the second round of competition, the divine artifact is still in his hands, then Mission accomplished."

"Who can guarantee that Qin Feng can keep the divine artifact? Maybe his artifact has been robbed by other forces!"

Jin Erzhong smiled and agreed: "Sir Pope is so right! The divine artifact that Qin Feng obtained by luck must not be preserved. Maybe, his artifact has been lost, and he is crying now. Da!"

As soon as these words fell, several people in the field showed schadenfreude smiles!

Just when a few people were making fun of themselves, the altar in front of them changed!

hum!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

I saw that the altar stopped working!

The "Bible" in the center of the altar exudes a dazzling and holy white light, and it is shaking!

Paul was overjoyed: "Oh! Great! The "Bible" has been fully charged, and the Holy Light Baptism can be performed immediately!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in the field showed joy, and they were all excited!

Then Paul looked at the crowd again.

"My dear believers! The baptism of the Holy Light is about to begin! However, if you want to be baptized, you must first offer a drop of your blood to the Bible. Only in this way can you be baptized in the Bible! "

As soon as these words fell, everyone joined in.

"Sir Pope! We are willing to sacrifice our own blood!"

"Sir Pope, please start the baptism soon!"

"My lord Pope, I can't wait, Smecta!"

At this moment, the crowd was so excited that everyone couldn't wait to be baptized by the Holy Light!

Paul loves the ready vibe!

He smiled smugly: "Oh! Dear believers! Don't worry! The Pope is also baptized by the Holy Light. I will sacrifice blood and essence first!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he was the first to walk up to the altar!

It turned out that Paul could also be baptized in the Holy Light.

It was the Bible, not Paul himself, who really performed the baptism of light.