Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In just a moment, Paul walked to the Bible, broke his fingers and dripped blood on the ancient book of the Bible!

pat!

Essence and blood fall on the writing!

Silk! Silk! Silk!

In the next second, his blood essence was completely absorbed by the scriptures at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Seeing this scene, Paul smiled 703.

"Hey! This is"

But in the next second, he clearly sensed that after the drop of his essence and blood seeped into the Book of Classics, it flowed to the second seal hidden in the Book of Classics.

Immediately afterwards, his blood essence penetrated into the second seal without any hindrance, and disappeared!

hum!

At this moment, his soul throbbed inexplicably, and an ethereal voice sounded in the sea of ​​consciousness.

【My dear believers! You have signed a master-slave contract with me! From now on, you are my most loyal followers and my most loyal servants, and I am your only God! 】

boom!

Hearing this prompt, Paul was shocked and a little dumbfounded!

He volunteered his blood and blood, and inexplicably became someone else's slave!

How does this Holy Light baptism feel like a trap?

But the contract has been signed, and inexplicably, he has a supreme respect for the Bible!

To be precise, he had a supreme respect for the mysterious things hidden in the second seal in the Bible.

"Oh! my lord!"

Paul closed his eyes in anguish.

"Oh! My dear Pope, how was your ceremony going?"

At this moment, Anna's voice sounded below the altar.

Paul slowly opened his eyes and turned to look at her.

"Dear Anna, come up and sacrifice your blood!"

Anna was overjoyed: "Oh! Thank you! Lord Pope!"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At the moment, she happily walked up to the altar, broke the blood of her fingers, and dripped the "Bible"

Paul just stood there silently watching.

hum!

In the next second, the "Bible" completely absorbed the blood and essence, illuminating a faint red light.

Anna's heart throbbed for a while, and there was a hint of astonishment in her eyes.

Afterwards, she closed her eyes, folded her hands, and worshipped the Bible with great piety.

"Thank God! Thank the Lord!"

After saying this, Anna reverently retreated.

"Next!"

Paul looked down at the altar with a blank expression.

Jin Erzhong took the initiative to run up and started the third sacrifice of blood and essence

In this way, the people of Guangming Town went up to the altar one by one and sacrificed their own blood to the strange "Bible"

At the same time, in the first division, in the floating city.

Long Yuan is working hard to concoct pills.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there is only half an hour left until the end of the second round, and everything is coming to an end!

At this moment, the sky above the floating city.

1024 fission variants of Qin Feng opened their eyes one by one, and their faces were full of joy.

He finally refined 3,110 ninth-order spiritual pills, and the effect exceeded his expectations!

Chapter 581 The strength is skyrocketing! I wish Rongling eggs!

call out! call out! call out!

White light flashes!

1024 fission variants fused into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

He looked at himself and smiled contentedly again.

After refining the 3,110 ninth-order elixir, his basic combat power reached 11.1 million stars.

If you add the power of 1.2 million stars, as well as the human-machines of the Tianxing Divine Wing, the Sword of Execution, and the Air Splitting Armor, its comprehensive combat power reaches 13 million stars.

If you count the sacrifices of Fengxi's three daughters and Jumang, then the combat power will be

"dad!"

At this moment, a milky voice sounded behind Qin Feng.

He looked back and saw Jumang sitting obediently beside Xiao Luan'er, looking at himself happily.

It turned out that this little guy has finished refining all the medicinal herbs, and even those holy places have finished refining.

After refining, he didn't make any noise, and kept guarding Xiao Luan'er obediently.

This little guy was brought by Xiao Luan'er when he was born, so he was a little sticky to Xiao Luan'er.

At this moment, when he saw Qin Feng finished refining the medicinal pill, he ran over happily.

"Dad, have you finished refining the medicine pill?"

"Yes, how about you?!"

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"I'm finished refining too!"

Jumang raised his head proudly, and said in a milky voice.

He can incarnate three thousand, and he is one step faster than Qin Feng in refining medicine pills.

Qin Feng took a closer look at the little guy, and showed a look of joy.

The progress of this little guy is really great!

Now it has reached 1.55 million star combat power, and has entered the threshold of False God realm!

This little guy alone can sacrifice about 1.08 million stars to Qin Feng.

In this way, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power can reach 14.08 million stars, which has already entered the threshold of the true **** realm.

But these are not counting the sacrifices of Feng Xi, Xiao Luan, and Qi Yue!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at Feng Xi's three daughters.

I saw that the three women were all covered with Dan Qi, and their combat power and momentum were constantly increasing.

The three girls have no fission body and no incarnation. The speed of refining medicinal pills is naturally not as fast as Qin Feng and Xiaojumang.

And the number of medicinal pills they need to refine is too large, and they will not be able to refine them for a while.

Therefore, Qin Feng can't see how much progress the three girls will make for the time being.

But progress is by no means small!

Qin Feng is also looking forward to it.

Maybe, the three women have the possibility of breaking the million-star battle strength after refining this medicinal pill.

If this is the case, Qin Feng will be very powerful if he can sacrifice the combat power of the three women again!

He dared to compete with the ordinary powerhouses of the early true gods!

hum!

At this moment, there was a mental wave on the other side.

Qin Feng was startled and turned his head to look.

In that direction, there is a spirit egg with a dark body, a mysterious star pattern, and an innate divine pattern, which is exuding aura.

That is the Dijiang Spirit Egg!

In order to allow Di Jiang to hatch earlier, Qin Feng also transported the spirit egg to the outside world, so that it has been bathed in the time force field.

At this time, Dijiang Spirit Egg woke up and was expressing to him the need for blood essence.

Qin Feng smiled and walked over.

Jumang followed curiously.

After a while, Qin Feng came to the spirit egg and broke his fingers and blood clotted.

Snapped!

A soft sound!

The fragrant blood essence dripped onto the black eggshell of the Dijiang Spirit Egg.

Silk! Silk! Silk!

In the next second, the drop of blood essence was completely absorbed by the Dijiang Spirit Egg at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Woo! Woo! Woo!

Immediately afterwards, the Dijiang Spirit Egg let out an extremely cheerful vibrating sound.

Qin Feng also clearly sensed that the little guy's mental fluctuations were stronger than ever.

It seems that this little guy is about to be born!

He breathed a sigh of relief, filled with anticipation.

"Dad! Daddy! When was this little brother born?"

At this moment, the sound of milky milk sounded from the side.

Xiaojumang raised her white and tender face and asked curiously.

Qin Feng fondly touched his little head.

"It's coming! It's just a day or two!"

This is not what Qin Feng said.

Because, just now, Di Jiang's mental power fluctuations revealed this news to him.

Of course, the time of one or two days refers to the outside world, not the time force field.

Jumang rejoiced: "Dad, that's great! I'll have a younger brother soon! This younger brother will definitely be very powerful! He was born from a mid-grade god-level spirit egg!"

There was some envy in the little guy's tone, and there was boundless expectation.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Speaking of which, the rank of Dijiang Spirit Egg is indeed higher, and it is destined that after its birth, its strength will be stronger than that of Jumang.

Qin Feng is also looking forward to it.

Then, he overlooked the entire floating city.

I saw the noise below, and all the children were chatting excitedly.

It turned out that the disciples of Long Yuan had all finished refining the medicinal pills, and their strength had soared, and they were chatting excitedly.

After all, the medicinal pills in their hands are far less than Feng Xi's three daughters, and they are naturally much faster to refine.