Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

In just half an hour, he scored 12 points, which was much stronger than the previous game.

Thanks to the last bet, he got 50 attribute rewards, the reason why his strength soared.

In addition, he bought a lot of steel knives from Qin Feng, and he has been able to form a knife array, and his combat power is stronger.

"This time, my points will definitely exceed the last time, reaching more than 50 points, there should be no problem!"

Liu Xuan muttered in his heart.

The last bet took three hours.

He scored 21 points.

In this game, in less than half an hour, he scored 12 points.

Therefore, he feels that he must be able to get more than 50 points.

The more Liu Xuan thought about it, the more excited he became.

He also wanted to perform well and impress everyone.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Regional Announcement: In this camp betting, the red camp is the first to reach 1000 points! Congratulations to the red team for winning! 】

Chapter 74 Exciting! Crazy harvest!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Regional Announcement: In this camp betting, the red camp is the first to reach 1000 points! Congratulations to the red team for winning! 】

Liu Xuan was a little dumbfounded.

Uh~!

win?

No way?

He hasn't really played yet!

Is the battle over?

In this way, his results this time are far worse than the last time!

Whoa~la~la!

At this moment, a giant beast rushed out from the jungle ahead. It looked like a lion, with golden hair all over its body and golden eyes. Its imposing manner was extremely astonishing.

Fuck it~!

This is actually a level 7 mutant beast - Golden Retriever!

roar~!

As soon as Jin Maojian saw Liu Xuan, he bit him fiercely.

"court death!"

With a wave of Liu Xuan's hand, more than a dozen steel knives emerged, forming a knife formation and lashing towards the golden retriever.

The two sides battle it out!

At the same moment, in the chat channel of 618 Village, a group of people were discussing anxiously.

618 Village is the weakest of the four Longguo villages.

It is also the latest to enter the regional channel.

In the entire village, only two people reached level 5.

Now, half an hour has passed.

They only got 1 point.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This result made the whole village feel uneasy!

"Fuck~! It's been half an hour! Our village only got 1 point, this is the rhythm of the end!"

"Upstairs, do you think the points are very good? Then you need to kill a level 5 beast head-on to get 1 point. There are only two level 5 masters in our village, how can you score so quickly!"

"That's right! Besides, humans are weaker than beasts of the same rank. You didn't see that Boss Wang singled out a rank 5 beast that was injured, so he had to step back to heal."

"Hey! Boss Wang is also pitiful. He didn't get a point and was injured. Right now, only Li Ying can score in our village. However, Li Ying only killed a level 5 beast in half an hour, which is a bit slow!"

"Upstairs, you don't have back pain when you stand and talk. Sister Li Ying is a girl, and her innate physique is weaker. If she hadn't possessed a C-level talent, she might not have been able to kill a level-5 beast. She has done a very good job. It's gone!"

"Brothers, I'm so worried now! The victorious side needs to reach 1,000 points in order to win. According to our current efficiency, can we really win?"

"Should be able to win! Village 34 and Village 77 are saying that the people in Village 911 are very powerful. Especially Qin Feng, who is a god-like man. Before, the three villages joined forces and won in three hours!"

"Fuck~! I won in three hours? This is too exaggerated! To be honest, I don't believe it!"

"This is what 34 villages and 77 villages said. They said that 911 villages are really powerful! Especially which Qin Feng, he alone decided the outcome of the whole game!"

"One person decides the outcome? Is it that exaggerated?"

"Yeah! I think it's a bit exaggerated too!"

"It's been less than two days since the Slaughter World opened. No matter how strong Qin Feng is, it should be limited! If one person decides the outcome of the bet, how strong is that? I can't imagine it!"

"Yeah! At least I can't imagine it!"

The crowd kept muttering.

They all entered the regional channel later, and they didn't know the previous situation, so naturally they didn't believe the rumors.

But at this moment, a notice resounded throughout the village.

[Regional Announcement: In this camp betting, the red camp is the first to reach 1000 points! Congratulations to the red team for winning! 】

Boom~!

Everyone is shocked!

No way?

Is this a win?

Did they hear it right?

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Regional Announcement: Congratulations to the red camp 911 villages, 34 villages, 77 villages, 618 villages, 44 villages, and 575 villages for winning this bet! Now announcing the Red Square Points Ranking….]

Oh my God!

They really won!

Ha ha!

The crowd cheered.

In an instant, the chat channel was frying.

"Haha! Win! We actually won!"

"God! I'm not dreaming, am I?"

"Points! The points rankings are out! Everyone, look at the rankings!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone looked at the rankings announced by Tiandao.

[The Red Team Points Ranking]

First place: Qin Feng (911 Village), 837 points

Second place: Liu Xuan (911 Village), 12 points.

Third place: Turgenev (44 villages), 10 points

Fourth place: Longshan (911 Village), 9 points.

Fifth place: Wu Yong (911 Village), 9 points.

Sixth place: Gu Ming (911 Village), 8 points

Seventh place, Lei Jue (911 Village), 8 points

Eighth place: Liu Yuan (911 Village), 7 points

...

I saw that there were 137 people on the list.

The people behind are basically 1 point.

When they looked more closely, they found that among the 137 people, 114 were from 911 Village.

And the strongest person in their village, Li Ying, can only be ranked out of the top 100.

This time, everyone was dumbfounded!

"Wow~! The 911 Village is so amazing! There are more than 100 people on the list! It's unbelievable!"

"Yeah! Sister Li Ying from our village only ranks 127th!"

"It's awesome! It's awesome! 911 Village is too awesome!"

"The most awesome is Qin Feng! He scored 837 points alone!"

"My God! 837 points! I can't even think about it, what did he do?"

"I don't know! This guy is simply a god!"

"No wonder Village 34 and Village 77 both call him a god-like man. Now, it seems that's true!"

"Haha! He is from our Dragon Country! With such a strong person in our Dragon Country, we will surely rise in this world of slaughter!"

"That's right! With such a strong presence, the Lighthouse Kingdom, Asan Kingdom, and Sakurajima Kingdom all stand aside. Even if we compete with the heavens and the races, we can still win a place! Haha!"

The more they talked, the more excited they became, and they all cheered loudly with anticipation for the future.

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Village No. 44, everyone was also frying.

Those North Bear people looked at the points list and were amazed.

"Lord! Did I read it right? Qin Feng, who was in first place, scored 837 points!"

"Yeah! It's too exaggerated! It's terrifying!"

"Also, Lord Turgenev is an 8th-level powerhouse! He only ranks third in this list. The second-ranked one is Liu Xuan, is he also an 8th-level powerhouse?"

"I don't know! However, he is also from the 911 village."

"Hey! Look! The following Longshan, Wu Yong, Gu Ming, and Lei Jue are all from 911 Village."

"My God! It's not just them! After that, a hundred people came from the 911 village."

"Oh! God! This 911 village is too strong!"

Turgenev: "Yes! 911 Village is too strong! It's like a village of tigers and wolves! That Qin Feng is even more terrifying!"

At this moment, even Turgenev was deeply moved.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Announcement: Congratulations to all the members of Village 911, Village 34, Village 77, Village 618, Village 44, and Village 575 for getting 50 free attribute rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to 911 villages, 34 villages, 77 villages, 618 villages, 44 villages, and 575 villages, all resources have doubled! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng for leading No. 911 Novice Village 4.2 to win the bet and gain 5 reputation! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng, his personal points have reached 800 points, and he will receive 80 attribute rewards! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng, his personal points have reached 800 points, and he will be rewarded with three silver treasure chests! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

As the prompt sounded, the world shook, and white beams of light fell on everyone.

The attributes of Turgenev and others went up a little bit, and in a blink of an eye, they rose by 50 points.

The crowd immediately cheered.

"Haha! It's up! Attributes are up!"