Now, there are only three girls left in the audience, Feng Xi, who are still refining medicine pills.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and took Fengxi's three daughters, as well as Dijiang's spirit eggs, into the zero-degree space together.

This will allow them to refine medicine pills more quietly!

But he said that as soon as Qiyue entered the zero-degree space, the time force field covering the floating city disappeared.

The people below felt it immediately, and they looked up one by one, and saw Qin Feng and Jumang.

"Hey! The boss has also finished refining!"

"Great! The boss is out!"

There was an excited discussion in the crowd.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Immediately afterwards, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan flew up one by one and came to Qin Feng's side.

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

All three had excited expressions on their faces.

Qin Feng looked at the three of them, and showed relief.

After the refining of the medicinal herbs, the strength of the three of them increased greatly, and they all broke the 130,000-star level, which is the limit of exceeding the peak of the sky.

Having said that, after the refining of medicinal herbs, the strength of everyone in Long Yuan has skyrocketed. The number of people who have broken through 100,000 stars in combat alone has reached 200 people.

The combat power has exceeded 50,000 stars, and it has reached more than 15,000 people.

The weakest disciple has also reached the battle strength of the fifth heaven level or above.

This is because a lot of newcomers have been added in the follow-up. In the past, the old brand brothers, the weakest have the eight-level combat power.

Seeing this, Qin Feng is very pleased and satisfied!

"Boss, in 20 minutes, the second round of the competition will end, and our Longyuan City is destined to become a force in the sky!"

Liu Xuan said excitedly.

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

Elder Qishan also smiled and said: "Master, after becoming a force in the sky, Tiandao will give generous rewards for promotion."

"According to the rules, the promotion of the mysterious force to the Tiantian force has the least reward. The guardian force is promoted to the Tiantian force, and the reward is tripled."

"If the challenge force is promoted to the Suppression Force, the reward will be tripled, which is nine times the mysterious force!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "This is a bit interesting! In this way, the power promotion reward we get will be nine times that of the Samsara and the Suiyue Clan!"

Elder Qishan smiled: "It is true!"

Liu Xuan said happily: "If that's the case, that's really cool!"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Granny Feng Qi also interjected: "The promotion reward this time will definitely be extremely generous. I just don't know if I can make the old man's combat power break through to 150,000 stars."

"If you can break the 150,000-star rating, then if you go to the Tianwu assessment, you will have a 50% chance of getting a lower-level divine grade."

Liu Xuan was stunned: "It's so difficult to combine the inferior gods! I thought that as long as the combat power broke 150,000 stars, it would definitely succeed."

"Mother Feng Qi, my combat power is lower than yours. If you only have a 50% chance of passing, then I don't even have a 50% chance?"

Granny Feng Qi smiled wryly and shook her head: "That's not true! On the contrary, although your combat power is a notch lower than mine, your chances of getting a low-level divine grade to join the Tao are higher than mine, estimated to be 60-70%!"

Liu Xuan was puzzled: "Why is this? Isn't the stronger the strength, the easier it is to pass the assessment?"

Granny Feng Qi smiled bitterly: "The Tianwu assessment is not just about combat power. It also assesses age, level, talent, and foundation building rank. Especially talent and foundation building rank have a greater impact."

"You have an advantage over me and Elder Qishan in these four aspects, so even if you are weaker in combat, it is easier than us to get a lower-level divine quality."

Liu Xuan suddenly said, "So that's how it is! However, Granny Feng Qi, you don't have to worry. If this promotion is rewarded well, your combat power will break through to 180,000 stars, and you will still be able to easily win the other gods. "

Granny Feng Qi smiled bitterly: "My old man is only 136,000-star combat power. It's easier said than done to break through to 180,000 combat power? How much will this promotion reward improve me? It's even more unknown!"

Elder Qishan also said: "Yeah! For the next promotion reward, the old man is also looking forward to it! I hope it can give us more rewards!"

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's mind flashed, as if he thought of something.

The next second, he waved his hand, and there was a scepter and a long spear in front of him.

[Night Night Scepter: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

[Streamer Spear: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

These were actually two high-rank ninth-rank weapons, which Qin Feng snatched from Old Lady Baihe and Heiyi.

"Mother Feng Qi, I will reward you with this Ming Ye Scepter!"

"Elder Qishan, this streamer spear is for you!"

Qin Feng waved his hand, and two ninth-order weapons were rewarded.

"This....ninth-rank high-grade weapons at this time!"

"My God! It's really a ninth-rank top grade!"

As soon as Granny Fengqi received the weapon, they were overjoyed!

Afterwards, the two saluted Qin Feng with great excitement.

"Thank you master!"

"I am so grateful!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "This ninth-rank high-grade weapon can feed back 70,000-star combat power. With the help of these two weapons, it should be no problem for you to get the lower-grade gods and get together!"

Granny Feng Qi was extremely excited: "Master, with the help of this Ming Ye scepter, even if there is no promotion reward, the old man is 90% sure that he will be able to get the lower-level divine grade."

Elder Qishan also smiled and said, "So is this old man! If you get the promotion reward again, you will be 100% able to get the lower-level god-level combination, and there is even a chance to hit the middle-level **** level."

Hearing this, Qin Feng also showed a relieved smile.

Granny Fengqi and Elder Qishan were his loyal servants, so he naturally hoped that they would become stronger.

At this time, Granny Feng Qi smiled again: "Elder Qishan, whether we can have a chance to hit the middle-level god-level combination depends on the strength of the next promotion reward. If the strength is strong, there is still a glimmer of hope. On the contrary, there is no need to think about it.”

Elder Qishan sighed: "Yeah! I hope this promotion reward will be richer!"

At this time, Liu Xuan said with an envious look: "Congratulations to the two of you for getting the ninth-rank high-grade weapons, and you will soar to the sky from now on!"

The envy in that tone was beyond words.

Qin Feng smiled: "Liu Xuan, you have it too! This golden gun is for you!"

Qin Feng waved his hand, and another golden spear flew towards Liu Xuan.

That was the high-grade sword of the ninth-order sword that he grabbed in the Holy Land.

"Haha! Thank you boss!"

Liu Xuan took the spear excitedly and laughed happily.

With that golden spear, as long as the promotion reward is more powerful, he will have a better chance of hitting the middle-level gods and the two of them.

Of course, they only have a chance to attack, and there is a high probability that they will fail.

"Okay! The three of you will call Lei Jue, Feng Ying, Long Shan, and Wu Yong again!"

Qin Feng named a few more core disciples' names.

In his hand there are ninth-order weapons such as Xingtian Axe and Purgatory Axe, which should be rewarded to these core children.

Because after the second round, there will be a rest period.

During this rest period, the disciples of Long Yuan will participate in the Tianwu assessment in large numbers.

He naturally hopes that those core disciples can get a good rank and fit, and they should be rewarded.

"Yes, master (boss)!"

At the moment, the three happily retired

Looking at the backs of the three leaving, Qin Feng also showed expectations in his eyes.

He also hopes that the promotion reward this time will be richer, so that these three people have the opportunity to sprint for the middle-level gods.

Having said that, as the Supreme Judge of Judgment, he can recruit ten messengers.

Now that God River is counted, he has only recruited five, and he still owes five places.

And Liu Xuan's background and talent made him feel that he was incompetent to be a messenger.

The messengers he needs are existences like Di Jiang and Jumang.

Either they have to exist like Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er.

But this kind of existence, where can you find it?

Qin Feng looked up at the sky, a little worried!

At this moment, something is also happening in the distant ninth division, in the residence of the Years Clan.

At this moment, the Suiyue Clan, in a palace somewhere.

A black-haired and black-robed old man with a thin face was looking at the blood pool in front of him.

This old man is the ancestor of the years!

He is the biggest support of the Suiyue Clan, a true **** realm powerful, terrifyingly powerful!

At this moment, he was looking at the blood pool with joy.

I saw that in the blood pool, there was actually a spirit egg that was as tall as one person.

[Zhu Rong Spirit Egg: Slightly damaged, the peak of the lower-level divine grade, the fire attribute, can be evolved, cannot be recognized as the owner due to damage]

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, which can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and is loyal to the owner]

It was actually a spiritual egg at the peak of the low-grade **** rank, waiting for it to be on the same level as Jumang.

The only pity is that the spirit egg is damaged and cannot be recognized as the master!

Thinking of this, the old ancestor of the years looked at the left side of Zhu Rongling egg, where there was a crack.

At this time, the crack is slowly absorbing the blood around it, and it seems to be repairing the crack.

It turned out that this Blood Pond Altar was used to repair the 'Zhu Rong Spirit Egg'.

"The blood pool altar has finally been built successfully! Looking at the progress, it won't be long before the Zhurong Spirit Egg will be repaired on its own. At that time, you will be able to shed blood and recognize the master!"

The old ancestor of the years murmured in his heart, and his eyes were full of anticipation.

A spirit egg of the peak level of the low-rank **** rank, cultivated a pet, can reach the peak of the virtual **** to the limit of the virtual god's combat power in normal adulthood, and has great potential.

If the resources given are sufficient, they can also be cultivated to the realm of true gods!

The more the ancestors think about the years, the more they look forward to it.

At this moment, there was a sound of footsteps behind him, and a middle-aged man walked in.

Chapter 582 The hegemony is over! Rewards are coming!

"Father, how is the situation?"

The middle-aged man walked to the old ancestor of the years and asked in a low voice.

It turns out that this middle-aged man is the son of the ancestors of the years! He is also the patriarch of the Suiyue Clan—Tai Shi, a powerhouse in the early stage of the False God.

"The Blood Pond Altar has been built! Everything is going well!"

The old ancestor of the years stroked his beard and smiled, and seemed very satisfied with his masterpiece.

Taishi also looked at Zhu Rongling Egg with excitement.

"Father, in this way, you will soon be able to have an extra powerful pet. This low-grade god-level peak pet has a high chance of being cultivated to the real **** realm!"

Tai Shi's tone was full of admiration.

Who wouldn't want to have such a powerful and loyal pet of war?

The old ancestor sighed: "This blood pool altar has been built, and Zhu Rongling egg is also repairing itself. But it will take some time to wait for it to be completely repaired! Mainly, the blood in this blood pool is just some fire-type beasts. blood."

"If the old man has fire-type divine blood in his hands, even a drop of low-grade divine blood can restore the Zhurong Spirit Egg in a very short period of time. What a pity! Low-grade divine blood is too rare!"