Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Tai Shi smiled slightly: "Father, in a quarter of an hour, the second round of competition will end! This time my clan has been promoted to the Heaven Suppressing Force, and will receive a promotion reward. Maybe this promotion reward will include a low-grade divine blood reward. ."

The old ancestor of the years shook his head slightly: "It's hard to say! The promotion rewards for each session are slightly different. But no matter what the reward is, it will rarely reward the blood of the lower grade."

Taishi comforted: "Maybe there is! Even if there is no reward this time, after the game, Tiandao will open the Points Mall. There is definitely a low-quality blood exchange in there. With the points of our family, it should be enough to exchange for a drop."

The old ancestor nodded slightly: "This is possible! Having said that, the efficiency of our mysterious forces earning points is far less than that of challenging forces!"

Taishi smiled bitterly: "That's true! We can only get points by killing the challenger, but under the same conditions, we get a lot less points. Now, our clan's points are only more than 5 million points, how many points does the Samsara clan have? "

The old ancestor of the years pondered: "It is estimated that the difference is not much! This time, the reincarnation will be our biggest opponent!"

Tai Shi smiled slightly: "Father 953, I'm afraid that the reincarnation ancestor never thought that after you went to the secret realm of the starry sky, you got a great opportunity, and you broke through the threshold of the middle stage of the true **** in one fell swoop, and brought back a Zhu Rongling. egg."

"It is estimated that the reincarnation ancestor thought you were the early stage of the true god! This time, you will definitely impress him! If you are lucky, you can kill him! After all, that old monster is only the limit of the false god!"

The old ancestor of the years also looked proud: "If it weren't for the breakthrough of the realm of the old man, I would not have seen the reincarnations condense the divine artifact, and I will support you to condense the divine artifact and compete with that reincarnation!"

"With the current strength of the old man, he should be able to suppress the ancestors of reincarnation! However, we cannot underestimate the ancestors of reincarnation. His methods are extraordinary, and he is clearly in the extreme realm of false gods, but he can exert the combat power of the early stage of true gods."

The threshold of the middle stage of the true god, it is very difficult to kill the early stage of the true god.

Because of this, the ancestors of the years will say this.

Tai Shi had a look of joy on his face: "Father, as long as you can defeat the ancestors of Samsara, that's enough. If the boy can get the chance to be a star master candidate this time, he will definitely be able to break through to the middle stage of False God!"

The old ancestor of the years stroked his beard and smiled without saying a word.

The confidence in those eyes was indeed evident.

The father and son did not know that the reincarnation ancestor had successfully broken the curse!

With the vocation advantage of Judgment Supreme, the comprehensive combat power of the reincarnation ancestor has also reached the threshold of the middle stage of the true god, and can easily crush the same rank.

The two sides play against each other, and the outcome is still unknown!

"By the way, Dad, in this competition for hegemony, a challenge force called Longyuan Town emerged in the first competition area, and its mayor Qin Feng also condensed the divine artifact!"

Tai Shi suddenly thought of Qin Feng again!

The old ancestor of the years nodded slightly: "This old man already knows about this! It is the first time that I have encountered a strange thing that a challenging force can condense a divine artifact!"

Taishi sighed: "Yeah! It's the first time I've seen this boy! Dad, do you think Qin Feng will cause trouble in this third round of competition?"

The old ancestor of the years showed disdain: "Oh! I want the old man to see that Qin Feng's ability to condense the divine artifact is purely by luck!"

"Think about it and know that the challenger has come to this world for such a short time, how could it be possible to condense the divine artifact so quickly? There is no more reasonable explanation other than luck!"

"What's more, the first competition area is recognized as the weakest competition area in the Blue Star Realm. Qin Feng relies on luck to fish in troubled waters, and there is still some chance to get the divine artifact."

"For example, a mysterious force in the first division got all the divine artifacts. During the process of condensing, Qin Feng happened to encounter it, and then used despicable means to intercept it!"

The old ancestor of the years analyzed it self-righteously.

Taishi listened and nodded again and again!

He also felt that only this explanation was more reasonable!

Later, Tai Shi said with a smile: "Dad, the divine artifact obtained by luck may not be able to be kept! Maybe, the divine artifact in Qin Feng's hands has been lost at this moment. They can mix it up in Longyuan Town. The quota of mysterious forces is not bad!"

The old ancestor smiled and said: "This possibility is not small! It is not difficult to say that it is difficult to condense the forces of the sky, and it is not easy to say that it is easy."

"As long as a certain mysterious force has enough strength and prestige, it can force the other nine mysterious forces to hand over the divine artifact in their hands!"

"If Qin Feng relied on despicable means and luck to intercept someone else's peaches by chance, then 90% of them can't be saved!"

Taishi smiled and said, "Father, in ten minutes or so, the game will be over. We will know soon if Qin Feng has kept the divine artifact."

The old ancestor smiled and nodded: "That's right! Let's just wait!"

At the moment, the father and son were at the Blood Pond Altar, chatting while waiting for the end of the game.

The self-righteous father and son did not know that Qin Feng not only kept the divine artifact, but also his own comprehensive strength reached the early stage of the true god.

Even if the ancestors of the years shot Qin Feng, they could only defeat Qin Feng at best, but could not kill Qin Feng.

Of course, if the old ancestor of the years and the old ancestor of reincarnation join forces, things will be different.

But the current situation is that the ancestors of the years and the ancestors of the reincarnation both regard each other as the biggest opponent, and do not take Qin Feng into account!

Of course, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power has reached the initial stage of True God, and that is only the current state.

Wait until Fengxi's three daughters finish refining the pills, wait for Di Jiang to be born, and wait for him to receive this promotion reward.

What kind of strength he will be, it is hard to say.

What's even better is that Qin Feng has an unimaginable amount of points. The next point mall will be Qin Feng's biggest opportunity.

But he said that time has passed bit by bit, and all kinds of battles in the top ten divisions have stopped.

All the forces are anxiously waiting for the announcement of Heavenly Dao!

At this moment, in the sixth division, in Guangming Town.

Pope Paul and 30,000 townspeople, with their eyes closed slightly, their hands folded, their heads bowed with great piety.

In the sky above their heads, the "Bible" bloomed with an incomparably holy white light, with momentum one after another!

At the same time, there are 30,000 white beams of light scattered from the "Bible" and landed on the heads of 30,000 people, constantly instilling holy light energy into them!

At the same time, the momentum of Paul and others is rising!

It turned out that they were being baptized by the Holy Light!

hum!

At this moment, the "Bible" made a screeching sound!

Then, the light of the scriptures slowly dimmed!

All beams of light are automatically retracted into the scriptures!

Holy Light Baptism is over!

Paul and the others slowly opened their eyes, their faces filled with joy.

Baptism is complete!

Everyone's fighting power is skyrocketing!

At this moment, everyone in the field is talking excitedly!

"I'm so happy! I've gained 1200 stars, Smecta!"

"Yo Xi! I increased my combat power by 1100 stars!"

"Oh! Thank the Lord! I have increased my combat power by 900 stars!"

At this moment, there was a lot of discussion in the audience.

In the air, the "Bible" fell slowly and returned to Pope Paul's hands.

He caught the Bible in awe, and put it away carefully.

After doing this, Pope Paul also showed joy on his face.

After this baptism, he increased his combat power by 9,000 stars, far exceeding his previous expectations.

It turned out that this Holy Light Baptism will give corresponding energy empowerment according to each person's natural potential.

The higher the strength and talent, the greater the benefits!

"Dear Pope, I have increased my combat power by 1700 stars this time. This Holy Light baptism is really powerful!"

Behind Paul, Anna's charming voice sounded.

He looked back and saw Anna's pretty face flushed with excitement.

Paul was already in a good mood, but when he saw this scene, he only thought that Anna had become extraordinarily attractive.

"Oh! My dear little Anna, after Tiandao announces the rewards, you come to the Pope's novice cabin. Let's celebrate today's victory together!"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Anna smiled charmingly: "Dear Pope, I will pass!"

She knew the Pope had another need!

As the Pope's personal assistant, no matter what the Pope needs, she will do her best to meet it.

Besides, the Pope's strength has increased this time, and he will definitely become more powerful, and she is looking forward to it!

At this time, Jin Erzhong ran over and interrupted the conversation between the two.

"Sir Pope, this time everyone's combat power has increased from 800 stars to 2,000 stars. The overall strength of our Guangming Town has improved a lot! Holy Light Baptism is really powerful, Smecta!"

Jin Erzhong said excitedly.

Anna also said: "Sir Pope, after this baptism, plus the next mysterious force promotion reward. Will our Bright Town become the strongest existence among the challenging forces?!"

Paul pondered: "If Longyuan Town fails to be promoted to the Tiantian force, we should be the strongest challenge force!"

Jin Erzhong hurriedly said: "Sir Pope, Long Biren is not that strong, so Longyuan Town will definitely fail in promotion, Smecta!"

Anna smiled and said: "Oh! I agree with Mr. Jin's words, those thin and thin Longbi people will definitely not be able to keep the divine artifact, and they will definitely fail in promotion."

Paul looked up at the sky: "There are three minutes left, and the game is over! We will soon know if those Longbi people can be promoted successfully! The Pope hates Long Biren, may the Lord bless them to fail!"

As a pope with a biblical fetish, Paul is difficult to accept being surpassed.

If it is surpassed, it is not a proof. Even if he has the help of a magical object, he is not as good as Long Bi.

Therefore, he will have those distorted ideas!

It's just that the reality is very different from the wish he prayed for.

At this moment, there are only two minutes left until the end of the game.

The first competition area, in the floating city.

The disciples of Long Yuan were chatting excitedly.

"Everyone, there are two minutes left, and the game is over!"

"Yeah! As soon as the game is over, our Longyuan City will be promoted to the Suppression Force."

"I don't know what the promotion reward this time is?"

"I don't know! It should be very rich!"

"Hope it! As soon as I think of the rewards, I just look forward to the game ending soon!"

"Yes! I'm dying too!"

At this moment, the disciples of Long Yuan looked up at the sky nervously, waiting for the reward to come.

Among the crowd, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan were even more uneasy.

The three of them also hoped that the promotion rewards this time would be richer, so that they could gain the hope of hitting the middle-level gods and becoming a god.

Above the crowd, Qin Feng also looked up at the sky silently.

He is also looking forward to the next promotion reward.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky shook!

The sky above the entire Blue Star resounded the ethereal voice of heaven.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The second round of points competition is about to end, the countdown is 1098]

The game is finally over!

At this moment, everyone held their breath and looked up nervously

Chapter 583 Nine times the reward! Air advantage!

【3210! This round is officially over! 】

boom!

ended!

People are even more nervous!

The floating city is very quiet!

Soon, the voice of Tiandao continued to sound!