Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Reward and Punishment Announcement: All forces that have not been promoted to mysterious forces and Tiantian forces will be judged to be the losers of this round, become the next guardian force and curse force, and will be punished accordingly. 】

[Announcement of Rewards and Punishments: The mysterious forces that keep their original status have no promotion rewards and no punishments. 】

[Reward and Punishment Announcement: If you are promoted to the guardian force of the new mysterious force, you can get promotion rewards. 】

[Reward and Punishment Announcement: Challenge forces promoted to new mysterious forces can get 3 times the promotion reward. 】

[Announcement of Rewards and Punishments: The mysterious forces who are promoted to the secret forces of Tiantian can get super promotion rewards. 】

[Announcement of Rewards and Punishments: If you are promoted to the guardian force of the Tiantian Secret Force, you can get 3 times the super promotion reward. 】

[Reward and Punishment Announcement: You can get 9 times the super promotion reward when you are promoted to the challenge force of the Tiantian secret force. 】

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, Long Yuan was a sensation!

Oh my God!Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

It turns out that when the mysterious forces are promoted to the Tiantian forces, they can get super promotion rewards!

And the challenge force is promoted to the Tiantian force, that is the super promotion reward of the 9th!

"Haha! Everyone, 9 times the super promotion reward! We have 9 times the super reward!"

"Cool! It's so cool!"

"Yeah! Super reward! I don't know what good reward there will be?"

"Haha! I'll find out soon!"

At this moment, Long Yuan was very excited!

Qin Feng is also excited!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reward Announcement: The list of new mysterious forces is now announced]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the forces of the entire Blue Star Realm pricked up their ears and listened.

Especially those forces that have failed are very concerned.

A new mysterious force!

If it's in their region, that's who they'll be flirting with in the future.

Long Yuan also looked curious, secretly wondering what new forces would become new mysterious forces.

At this moment, in the sixth division, in the resident of Guangming Town.

Paul and the others were all excited.

"Sir Pope, the list of new mysterious forces is about to be announced! I'm afraid no one in this world thought that our Guangming Town could become a mysterious force!"

"Of course! It is too difficult for a challenging force to become a mysterious force. Perhaps, only our Guangming Town can do it!"

"Oh! God! I'm sure those people will be shocked when they see our 'Bright Town' name!"

"Yeah! I don't know how many challenging forces have achieved our level over the years!"

At this moment, Guangming Town is very proud!

Because their blockbuster moment is coming!

Many townspeople burst into laughter!

Even Paul narrowed his eyes in anticipation.

"I'm a maid! I almost forgot about Longyuan Town! They may also become a new mysterious force!"

With this reminder, everyone in Guangming Town frowned, feeling a little unhappy in their hearts.

Moments later, someone in the crowd complained!

"Oh! The thought of joining Longyuan Town as a new mysterious force makes me feel bad!"

"Assie! I feel the same way, Smecta!"

"God! I beseech you! Don't let those Longbi people be promoted to mysterious forces! They are not qualified to rank with us!"

"That's right! How can those inferior Longbi people be compared with our noble Western race!"

Just when the words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[The list of new mysterious forces is as follows]

[In the second competition area, the Xuan Ye clan (guardian force) was promoted to the mysterious force successfully! 】

[In the third division, the Bingyuan tribe (guardian force) was successfully promoted to the mysterious force! 】

[In the fifth division, Wuzhuangguan (challenging force) was promoted to the mysterious force successfully! 】

boom!

As soon as the last announcement came out, the entire Blue Star Realm became a sensation!

Oh my God!

A challenge force has been promoted to a mysterious force!

This is extremely rare!

Rarely seen in tens of thousands of years!

Everyone in Long Yuan was even more surprised and delighted!

They all know that Wuzhuangguan is a town established by Longbi compatriots!

I really did not expect that Long Bi's compatriots are so powerful that they have also become mysterious forces!

At this moment, Long Yuan was very happy for Wuzhuang Temple!

On the contrary, everyone in Guangming Town was a little confused.

"Oh! God! What's going on? How can that Wuzhuang Temple become a mysterious force!"

"If we remember correctly, the Wuzhuang Temple was also established by the Longbi people!"

"This is really bad news!"

"Oh! How can Longbiren be promoted to mysterious forces? Fake!"

"Axi!"

At this moment, Guangming Town was extremely depressed.

In Guangming Town, Western white skins account for the vast majority!

These white skins come from big habit!

Because of historical reasons, they are afraid of the Longbi people in their bones, and some look down on the Longbi people.

It's nothing more than that, they know that the Longbi people are better than them in essence, and they keep suppressing them if they don't want to admit it.

Just like the white-skinned people, who used to be very keen to prove that the white-skinned people were the smartest people in the world, but they were slapped in the face and found that the per capita IQ of the Longbi people was the highest in the world.

Since then, the white-skinned people no longer do any research, and suppress their colleagues who do some research, deceiving themselves and living.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[In the sixth division, Guangming Town (challenging force) was successfully promoted to the mysterious force! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, it caused a sensation again!

Especially those guardian forces and mysterious forces are even more amazed!

This challenge is not easy!

There were actually two forces in a row, and they were promoted to mysterious forces!

This is rare for hundreds of thousands of years!

At the same time, everyone in Long Yuan was also surprised, and they couldn't help but talk about it.

"This Guangming Town should be the Guangming Village during the novice period, right?"

"It's them! If I remember correctly, this is a group of white-skinned forces!"

"In the World Channel during the novice period, they also asked us to purchase strategic resources, and their attitude was not friendly at all!"

"Haha! When have these white-skinned people been friendly to us? However, it is surprising that they can be promoted to mysterious forces!"

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The list of new mysterious forces has been announced! 】

what!

Is this the end? !

Only four forces in total have been promoted to mysterious forces!

It can be seen that it is extremely difficult to promote mysterious forces!

At the same moment, the people in Guangming Town were a little panicked.

"It's over? It seems that Longyuan Town was not reported in the list!"

"Yeah! Could it be that they have been promoted to the Suppression Force?"

"Impossible! Is it so easy to be promoted by the Tiantian forces? Maybe, not only did they not guarantee the Tiantian artifacts, but even the mysterious forces were not promoted successfully!"

"Oh! I think it's quite possible!"

"It should be like this! Thank God for it!"

At this moment, the people in Guangming Town thought that Long Yuan could not even become a mysterious force.

One by one muttered self-righteously.

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan was stationed in the forbidden palace.

Old Ancestors and Taishi also frowned.

"Father, among the newly promoted mysterious forces, there is no list of Longyuan Town. Could it be that Longyuan Town has become a Tiantian force?"

The old ancestor frowned: "It's hard to say! Wait and see! Perhaps, Longyuan Town has not even been promoted to the mysterious forces!"

Tai Shi nodded slightly: "It's very possible!"

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again

[The contents of the promotion rewards are now announced as follows]

[Reward the children of the forces! 1000 star combat power! 】

[Reward the children of the forces! A purple diamond treasure chest! 】

[Reward the leader of the forces! 10,000-star combat power! 】

[Reward the leader of the forces! An epic treasure chest! 】

Countless forces were amazed and envied by this announcement!

Then Guangming Town and Wuzhuangguan Town cheered even more!

For them, such a reward is very rich!

At this moment, even the disciples of Long Yuan were talking excitedly.

"Everyone, this promotion reward is very generous!"

"Just the 1000-star reward, I feel very good!"

"Yeah! The guardian force is 1000-star, and the challenge force has tripled, but it is a 3000-star combat power!"

"Wow! If I can get this 3,000-star combat power, then the comprehensive strength will exceed 50,000 stars!"

"Brother, don't worry! This is just a promotion reward! Ours is a super promotion reward, which is 9 times more than this one!"

"Haha!! That's right!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in Long Yuan showed a cheerful smile!