Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Then, another humane said: "Everyone, have you noticed that this promotion reward is a reward chest! Our super reward will not also have a treasure chest, right?"

"It's very possible!"

"Oh! If you open the treasure chest, you will have a headache, but you have to rely on luck to open good things!"

"This is something that can't be helped! However, if it is a high-level treasure chest, it will not be bad to open the treasure!"

The disciples of Long Yuan started talking about the treasure chest again!

Many people are worried, worried that they are not lucky enough to open the treasure chest.

No one noticed that in the sky, the corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly upturned, and his eyes were full of joy.

He felt that this treasure chest reward was simply prepared for him!

You know, he is the son of luck,

His current air luck value is 46 times the average air luck value of all sentient beings.

For example, in the epic treasure chest, the probability that sentient beings will open the eighth-order treasure is only 2%.

If Qin Feng comes to open it, there is a 92% probability of opening the eighth-order treasure!

If that super promotion reward is also a reward chest!

He showed off the talent of his son of luck, and benefited all of Long Yuan!

He will help all the children to open the treasure chest, so that they can get the most benefit.

In other words, the same treasure chest reward is more valuable in Qin Feng's hands.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is even more looking forward to the arrival of the super promotion reward!

Having said that, he had a Heaven-opening treasure chest and a Mythical-grade treasure chest in his hands, and he never opened them.

It seems that he is going to open the treasure chest this time!

You must know that the heaven-level treasure chest can open low-level god-level treasures.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's smile grew even stronger.

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Congratulations to the Xuan Ye clan (guardian force) for getting the promotion reward! 】

[Congratulations to the Bingyuan tribe (guardian force) for getting the promotion reward! 】

[Congratulations to Wuzhuangguan (challenging force) for getting 3 times the promotion reward! 】

[Congratulations to Guangming Town (challenging force) for getting 3 times the promotion reward! 】

【Rewards are now distributed】

Boom!

A shocking move!

In the four corners of the Blue Star Realm, reward beams of light descended!

The four forces that received the reward all gave out earth-shattering cheers!

00

After a while, the promotion rewards were distributed!

The voice of Tiandao resounded over the Blue Star once again!

[Reward Announcement: The list of newly promoted Zhentian forces is now announced]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, all the forces listened nervously!

Everyone knows that the real protagonist is about to appear!

The next third round of hegemony is to take the Tiantian forces as the protagonist, and the mysterious forces are just a foil!

At this moment, Tiandao's prompts continue to come.

[The list of newly promoted Zhentian forces is as follows]

[In the seventh competition area, the reincarnation (mysterious force) was promoted to the Tiantian force successfully! 】

[In the ninth division, the Suiyue clan (mysterious force) was promoted to the Tiantian force successfully! 】

Two consecutive pieces of information were announced, and the forces were not surprised.

But the people of Guangming Town were excited.

"Hey! Friends, have you noticed? Tiandao announced the seventh and ninth divisions, but Longyuan Town in the first division was not announced!"

"Yes! It stands to reason that the announcement should start from the first competition area first, but Tiandao skipped the first competition area and directly announced the seventh and ninth competition areas! This shows that Longyuan Town has not become the strength of the sky!"

"I bought it! It seems like this is the case!"

"Oh! That's really great news! Haha!"

As soon as these words fell, Guangming Town cheered excitedly!

Pope Paul also gave a schadenfreude smile.

But at this moment, there was another reminder from the heavens in the air.

[In the first competition area, Longyuan City (challenging force) was promoted to the Tiantian force successfully! 】

boom!

The news is out!

Paul and the others were stunned on the spot as if they were hit by five thunders, and the smiles on their faces froze!

what happened? !

Longyuan Town... No, it should be Longyuan City!

They have really been promoted to the Suppression Force!

damn it!

Why didn't Tiandao announce Longyuan City first, but the Reincarnation and Suiyue people first?

Isn't that playing them?!

It turned out that the order of announcement of the Heavenly Dao was to announce the mysterious forces first, and then announce the challenging forces, which was different from what they thought!

This made everyone in Guangming Town extremely annoyed and embarrassed!

"I bought it! This... this is not true!"

"Assi! How did Longyuan Town get promoted?"

At this time, there was a helpless complaint in Guangming Town, which made people feel ridiculous.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[The list of newly promoted Zhentian forces has been announced! 】

[The content of the super promotion reward is now announced]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, all the forces pricked up their ears and listened carefully!

Even Guangming Town was quiet!

Super promotion bonus!

That's a lot more than a promotion reward!

All the forces are very curious, what is the content of this super reward?

At this moment, Long Yuan was extremely nervous, looking up at the sky one by one, waiting anxiously!

The reward they were looking forward to is finally here!

Among the crowd, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan, who had expectations, were even more uneasy in their hearts.

In the air, Qin Feng took a deep breath and listened nervously.

Chapter 584 Eighteen times in a row! Envy everyone!

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan was stationed in the Forbidden Temple.

The ancestors of the years and Tai Shi all frowned slightly!

"Father, Long Yuanzhen has been promoted successfully!"

Taishi's tone was a little uncomfortable.

The old ancestor of the years said with a gloomy face: "They are now Longyuan City! To be promoted to a city in such a short period of time, this Longyuan is still a bit powerful!"

Taishi also said: "Yeah! It is the first time in the Blue Star Realm that a challenging force can be promoted to a Heaven-suppressing force. In this way, the rewards that Longyuan City will receive will be nine times that of us!"

Speaking of which, Tai Shi's tone was sour and unpleasant.

The old ancestor of the years sneered: "Huh! Even if it is nine times, so what? After all, the challenge force will not be on the table! That Longyuan City can be promoted to the Suppressing Force, it must have done its best, it will not be like us and the reincarnation. As easy!"

"So, even if Qin Feng and Longyuancheng get nine times the reward, that won't change the fate of defeat. Only the Samsara clan, not Longyuancheng, are qualified to be our opponents!"

In the tone of the old ancestor of the years, it is difficult to hide the jealousy!

The same achievement, but the reward is only one-ninth of other people's, anyone will feel unhappy

Then, the old ancestor said again: "Don't say so much! Let's take a look at this super promotion reward, is there any divine blood reward?"

At the moment, the father and son stopped talking and waited silently.

They are also full of anticipation for the next reward.

Especially the divine blood reward, which is very useful for repairing the Zhurong Spirit Egg

At the same moment, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

The ancestors of reincarnation, Yuanchu and others are looking up at the sky.

At this moment, Bai Ru sighed: "Then Long Yuan has really become a force to control the sky!"

Jinyu also said depressedly: "Hey! In this way, Longyuan City's reward will be nine times that of us!"

At the mention of the nine-fold reward, everyone in the field felt sour and unhappy.

Among the crowd, Dracula is the most jealous!

They are also challengers from Blue Star, why are those Longbi people able to become the forces of the sky!

And he, the noble blood prince, has become a prisoner!

At this time, Yuan Chu sneered: "Oh! Even if Longyuan City gets nine times the reward, it won't be able to turn the tide! Maybe their rewards will be cheaper for us!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone showed a knowing smile.

Because everyone knows that as soon as the third round of hegemony starts, the ancestors of reincarnation will attack Qin Feng.

The ancestor of reincarnation is eager to recapture the first page of the book of this world!

"You don't need to say more! Let's see what this year's super reward is?"

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor muttered.

Yuan Chu and others quickly quieted down and waited silently one by one.

They are also looking forward to the next reward content.

At the same moment, Long Yuan had been waiting impatiently for a long time!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[The contents of this year's super promotion rewards are as follows]

[Reward the children of the forces! 3000 star combat power! 】

[Reward the children of the forces! An epic treasure chest! 】

[Reward the children of the forces! Ten high-level blood essence pills (eighth-order)! 】

[Reward the leader of the forces! 50,000-star combat power! 】