Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Reward the leader of the forces! A mythical treasure chest! 】

[Reward the leader of the forces! Ten Nine-Turn Divine Blood Pills (Demi-God Rank)! 】

[Congratulations to the reincarnation family (mysterious force) for getting the super promotion reward! 】

[Congratulations to the Suiyue Clan (mysterious forces) for getting the super promotion reward! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuancheng (challenging force) for getting 9 times the super promotion reward! 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan burst into cheers!

"Haha!! 3000-star combat power reward! We got 9 times that, that's 27,000-star combat power!"

"Yeah! With this 27,000-star combat power, my combat power can reach the ninth level of heaven!"

"I can reach the pinnacle of heaven!"

"Haha! Cool! It's so cool!"

"Brother, there are more cool things! We also have 9 epic treasure chests and 90 high-level blood essence pills of the eighth order!"

"Haha! This is so happy!"

At this moment, Long Yuan's blood was burning up and down!

Everyone blushed with excitement!FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

In the crowd, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan looked at each other with joy in their eyes.

This promotion reward is really generous!

When they finish digesting this reward, there is really a glimmer of hope, and they will be able to hit the mid-level gods.

Before everyone was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, the Lord of Longyuan City, as the first challenger leader to be promoted to the Suppression Force, you have received an additional reward - 1 Holy Land Pass (Second Floor)]

[Holy Land Pass Order (Second Floor): Entering the pass order on the second floor of the Holy Land can get a higher chance of the Holy Land. 】

boom!

As soon as this news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was completely boiling!

Even the ancestors of reincarnation and old ancestors were dumbfounded!

OMG!

The Holy Land Pass on the second floor!

Isn't that one of the rewards that Star Master candidates only have?

Why was it awarded in the second round? !

At this moment, the reincarnation clan is stationed in the sky.

Old Ancestor Samsara looked at the sky blankly, and some did not react.

Yuan Chu and the others were even more astonished!

After a while, Yuan Chu came back to his senses: "Father, Qin Feng has actually obtained a pass from the Holy Land!"

The reincarnation ancestor took a deep breath: "It turns out that the challenge force has become the suppressing force, and its leader can directly obtain the Holy Land Pass! It's unexpected!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he said with emotion: "Yes! Holy Land Pass! This is a great opportunity to go to the second floor of the Holy Land, and it is more than ten times stronger than the first floor!"

"In the past, only Star Master candidates were eligible to have it, but Qin Feng also had it. Tiandao is really partial to challengers!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the tone was full of envy and endless jealousy.

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan, in the Palace of the Forbidden Land.

Taishi looked at the sky in disbelief.

After a long time, he swallowed his saliva: "Dad, Qin Feng actually got the Holy Land Pass!"

The old ancestor of the years was full of jealousy: "I'm just a leader of a challenging force, but also worthy of a Holy Land Pass?! Damn it!"

Back then, he had to fight to the death to become a star master candidate, so he was fortunate enough to obtain a pass order for the second floor of the Holy Land.

Well now, that Qin Feng just became the leader of the challenge force and got the pass!

How could this not make him extremely annoyed!

"Yeah! Dad, Tiandao is too partial to the challenging forces! Even if the reward of Longyuan City is 9 times that of us, it even rewards the Holy Land Pass, really"

Before the words were finished, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: Qin Feng, the Lord of Longyuan City, used a Double God Card, and the rewards of this round of Longyuan City are all doubled! 】

boom!

As soon as this news came out, the Blue Star Realm was in a frenzy!

Tai Shi and the old ancestor of the years were instantly stunned on the spot!

At the same moment, the ancestors of reincarnation, Yuanchu and others were also completely dumbfounded!

They were originally jealous, and Qin Feng got a holy land pass.

This is good, Qin Feng's reward has doubled, and one pass has become two!

Immediately afterwards, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[The reward content of Longyuan City has been changed as follows]

[Reward the disciples of Longyuan City! 54,000-star combat power! 】

[Reward the disciples of Longyuan City! 18 epic chests! 】

[Reward the disciples of Longyuan City! 180 Advanced Essence and Blood Pills (Eighth-Order)! 】

[Reward Qin Feng, the Lord of Longyuan City! 900,000-star combat power! 】

[Reward Qin Feng, the Lord of Longyuan City! 18 mythical treasure chests! 】

[Reward Qin Feng, the Lord of Longyuan City! 180 Nine-Turn Divine Blood Pills (Demi-God Rank)! 】

[Reward Qin Feng, the Lord of Longyuan City! 2 Holy Land Passes (Second Floor)]

boom!

This time, the entire Blue Star Realm boiled completely!

Long Yuan is even more immersed in a carnival!

"My God! 54,000-star combat power! I'm going to break the 100,000-star combat power!"

"Haha! Definitely more than 100,000 stars! You still have 180 high-level blood essence pills to refine!"

"There are 18 more epic treasure chests!"

"All of this was brought by the master! The master used the Double God Card!"

"Yes! Thank you so much, boss!"

"Haha! The boss can always create miracles! Never let us down!"

"Woo! This time the reward is too generous! The little girl was so excited that she almost cried!"

At this moment, endless cheers resounded through the floating city square!

Among the crowd, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan were even more excited.

Before, they were rewarded, but there was only a glimmer of hope that they could hit the middle-level gods.

Now that the reward has doubled, their hopes of hitting the middle-grade Hedao have greatly increased, and the chance has reached 50%!

At this moment, while Long Yuan was extremely excited, he was also full of infinite gratitude to Qin Feng!

At the same time, above the sky.

Qin Feng is also ecstatic in his heart!

On the first floor of the Holy Land Mystery Realm, he got the Double God Card, and he finally played a big role today!

What's even better is that he still has a Double God Card left in his hand, and he will keep it for the next time!

Of course, if Heavenly Dao hadn't rewarded the Holy Land Pass, he would not have easily used the Double God Card.

Among all the rewards, what he valued the most was the Holy Land Pass.

That is the most valuable treasure!

Now, two Holy Land Passes are coming!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

【Rewards are now distributed】

Boom!

Over the entire floating city, there was an earth-shattering movement!

call out! call out! call out!

Immediately afterwards, golden reward beams of light descended from the sky and landed on Long Yuan's disciples.

The largest golden beam of light fell on Qin Feng

The battle bonus has started!

In the next second, everyone's combat power will skyrocket wildly all the way!

Qin Feng's combat power increased the most rapidly!

At this moment, he couldn't help closing his eyes, enjoying the reward comfortably!

The feeling of the rapid increase in combat power is really wonderful!

At the same time, the Reincarnation Clan and the Years Clan are also receiving rewards!

But their rewards are too shabby compared to Longyuan City!

On the other side, in the sixth division, on the square of Guangming Town!

Those white skins and their lackeys were completely petrified!

They never thought that the reward of Longyuan City had become 18 times!

In this way, each of those Longbi people got a 54,000-star combat power reward!

Then Qin Feng got a 900,000-star combat power reward!

And they only got a 1000-star combat power reward!

This means that the combat power reward of Long Yuan's children is 54 times theirs!

Qin Feng is 900 times more than them!

Not to mention, everyone in Longyuan also got a lot of epic treasure chests and precious medicine pills!

Today, any ordinary Long Yuan disciple will receive a reward that is several times richer than that of their Pope!

At this moment, the field was dead silent!

"Oh! shit!"

Suddenly, a foul language burst out from the crowd!

I saw Pope Paul staring at the sky with endless anger on his face!

At this moment, monstrous jealousy was burning in his heart!

Even with the help of the "Bible", his comprehensive combat power is only 700,000 stars!

But Qin Feng, the dragon man, got a combat power reward of 900,000 stars this time, surpassing all his combat power!

This made him jealous beyond measure!

At this moment, he felt that he was about to explode with anger!

It seemed that in the next second, he would be ignited by his jealousy and turned into a mass of ashes!

Therefore, he wants to vent the anger in his heart!