Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Pope Paul stared at Anna beside him with red eyes like a beast!

"Come to my cabin!"

"Oh!"

Anna looked at the Pope's face in horror and couldn't help trembling.

She knew that the Pope was in a state of extreme madness and needed to use her to quench the fire!

This time, it will be crazy!

The next second, Pope Paul turned around and walked towards the wooden house.

Anna followed nervously

In the crowd, Jin Erzhong looked at Anna's slender back, showing a touch of sympathy.

The Pope's temper is too grumpy!

I don't know if this Anna can stand it, the next storm of His Excellency Pope

A quarter of an hour later, the Suiyue Clan, in the Forbidden Temple.

The Years Clan has already obtained all the rewards!

"Dad, the rewards are over! This time, Longyuan City has made a lot of money! Their rewards are 18 times ours! Especially that Qin Feng, who also got 2 Holy Land Passes!"

Taishi's tone was full of envy and jealousy.

The old ancestor of the years had a gloomy face: "The old man originally planned to deal with the ancestor of reincarnation first! Now it seems that we have to deal with Qin Feng first!"

Tai Shi was puzzled: "Father, in my opinion, even if Qin Feng has received so many rewards, he is still not qualified to be our opponent!"

The old ancestor of the years said coldly: "Those are not important! The important thing is that he has two Holy Land Passes in his hand! That is a great opportunity comparable to a star master candidate!"

Tai Shi's eyes lit up: "Yes! The boy almost forgot about this! Dad, as soon as the third round starts, we will kill Longyuan City!"

The old ancestor of the years smiled coldly: "That's how it should be!"

At the same moment, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

Yuan Chu and others also accepted the reward.

"Father, what should we do next?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he asked the ancestors of reincarnation for instructions.

The reincarnation ancestor looked in the direction of the first competition area.

After a while, he said: "Go down and get ready! As soon as the third round of hegemony begins, we will kill Longyuan City! We must kill Qin Feng as soon as possible and take back the first page of the book and the pass from him!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he said happily: "The boy also thinks like this!"

The reincarnation ancestor took another deep breath and said: "If the old man expects it to be good, the old ancestor will also plan this way!"

Yuanchu smiled and said: "Dad, our seventh division is closer to the first division! I'm afraid that when the ancestors of the years arrive, we have already succeeded. After all, Qin Feng's child is only the peak strength of the false god, and he will not be able to last for the years. The old man is here!"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded: "I hope so! Hurry up and prepare!"

"Yes!"

At the moment, Yuan Chu and others retreated and began to prepare for the third round of hegemony

Chapter Five Hundred and Eighty-Five Long Yuan Advances! Opportunities are everywhere!

At the same moment, in the first division, over the floating city.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

The rewards of Longyuan City are too rich!

The rewards for the Samsara Clan and the Suiyue Clan have all been distributed, and Longyuan City has just received the battle power reward!

After receiving the 900,000-star combat power reward, Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 12 million stars in one fell swoop!

If coupled with the power of the Dao, and the feedback from the Sky Surveying Divine Wing, Xing Zhuxing Sword, and Sky Splitting Battle Armor, his comprehensive combat power will reach 13.9 million stars.

This is only one line away from the threshold of true **** realm combat power!

The threshold of true God Realm combat power is 14 million stars.

If you count the sacrifices of Fengxi's three daughters and Jumang, then his strength will be even stronger!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but look back at Xiaojumang next to him.

I saw the little guy was happy!

He also received a 54,000-star combat power reward just now, and his comprehensive combat power has reached 1.604 million stars. A proper False God's initial combat power!

It can be said that the little guy is the first general under his command!

Qin Feng overlooks the square below again!

At this moment, everyone in Long Yuan was also full of joy.

After some battle power rewards just now, everyone's battle power has skyrocketed!

Even the weakest newcomer's combat power has broken 60,000 stars!

And those with a combat power of 100,000 stars have reached the number of 9,000!

The combat power has broken through 150,000 stars, reaching the number of 100 people.

It can be said that there are no weaklings among the disciples of Long Yuan today, and everyone has the opportunity to win the best combination.

Especially if the combat power reaches 80,000 stars or more, the success rate of winning the best combination is 100%.

Those with a combat power of over 150,000 stars can even win other gods.

Among them, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan have a 50% chance of winning the middle-level gods.

Of course, the opportunity for everyone in Long Yuan is not over yet!

Boom!

At this time, the sky shook again!

More than 40,000 reward beams descended from the sky!

In each beam of light, there are 180 medicinal pills that slowly fall along the beam of light.

Everyone looked up at Shendan excitedly, excited!

At the same moment on the 17th, a beam of light appeared in front of Qin Feng!

One hundred and eighty blood-red divine pills exuding ten brilliance slowly fell in front of him.

[Nine Turns Divine Blood Pill: Demigod Rank]

[Refining this pill can greatly strengthen the power of blood! 】Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

good! good!

This is the divine pill of the demigod level!

Still 180!

If all refining is finished, his combat power can skyrocket by a lot!

Qin Feng put away the elixir with satisfaction!

At the same time, in the square below, there were excited discussions from everyone!

"It's developed! It's really developed this time!"

"Yeah! 180 Tier 8 Divine Pills! After I refine them all, the combat power will be able to reach more than 70,000 stars from 60,000 stars, and I should be able to win the best combination!"

"Haha! Me too!"

"This is so cool! I can't think of me, a newcomer, who has undergone such an earth-shaking change in just a few days! It's so cool!"

"Yeah! For all this, I should thank Boss Qin Feng! If he hadn't been willing to take care of his compatriots, our newcomers would have been unpredictable!"

At this moment, everyone is excited!

Those newcomers who have just joined are full of infinite gratitude to Qin Feng, which is a respect born from the depths of their hearts.

Among the crowd, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan were also chatting happily.

"You two, with the help of these 180 medicinal pills, my chances of winning the middle-level divine quality should increase to 60%, right?"

Granny Feng Qi looked at the Blood Essence Pill in her hand with joy.

"Haha! Of course!"

"The old man thinks so too!"

Both Liu Xuan and Elder Qishan happily put away the medicinal pills.

Boom!

At this time, the sky shook again!

Another 40,000 beams of light fell!

In each beam of light, there are eighteen epic treasure chests!

Epic treasure chest!

Seventh-order treasures can be opened!

If you are lucky, you can also open a Tier 8 weapon!

You must know that the value of an eighth-order weapon is comparable to dozens of eighth-order elixir!

At this thought, everyone was excited again!

At the same time, a beam of light descended in front of Qin Feng.

Eighteen bright purple treasures slowly descended along the beam of light and arrived in front of him.

[Mythical treasure chest: 98% chance to open 8th-order items, 2% chance to open 9th-order treasures]

Mythical treasure chest!

This is good stuff!

With Qin Feng's luck value, there is a 92% chance that a ninth-order treasure can be opened!

However, the ninth-order treasures were not very attractive to him anymore.

He wants to open the 'Open Heaven Grade Treasure Chest' even more!

That open sky-level treasure chest can open treasures from the demigod level to the low-level **** level.

"By the way, after the rewards are distributed, the Points Mall will be opened. I wonder if there will be Kaitianshen cards for sale in the mall this time?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

With the Kaitianshen card, you can combine five mythical treasure chests into one Kaitian treasure chest.

He has now got 18 mythical treasure chests, and he still has one, and the total is 19.

If he wanted to synthesize Heaven-Opening Grade Treasure Chests, he could at least combine three Heaven-Opening Grade Treasure Chests.

Of course, it depends on whether there is a Kaitianshen card for sale in the points mall?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away 18 mythical treasure chests, ready to browse the mall after the points mall opens, and then open the treasure chests.

At the same moment, there were excited discussions from everyone below!

"Brothers, I got 18 more epic treasure chests! It's so powerful! I'll open the treasure chest now and see if I can open the eighth-order treasure!"

"Haha! I'm coming too!"

"Two people, this epic treasure chest has only a 2% chance of opening an eighth-order treasure! That is to say, it is only possible to open an eighth-order treasure if 20 treasure chests are opened in a row!"

"Yes! This probability is too low!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone sighed and felt a little helpless!

At this moment, Qin Feng's voice sounded over the floating city.

"Everyone, don't open your treasure chest by yourself! I'll open it for you!"

boom!