Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as these words fell, the audience cheered!

"Hey! Great! The boss wants to open a treasure chest for us!"

"Haha! If the boss is willing to help me open the treasure chest! I am very happy!"

"Brother City Lord, little sister also wants you to help me drive!"

At this moment, the atmosphere in the field is very active!

Everyone doesn't know why Qin Feng wants to help them open the treasure chest.

However, as long as it is Qin Feng's request, they will cooperate happily without any reason.

Today, Qin Feng is like a **** in the minds of Long Yuan's children!

His words are like an oracle!

All the children are willing to obey unconditionally, and will implement it with great piety.

At the moment, everyone put down their plans to open the treasure chest, and looked up at Qin Feng, waiting for his instructions.

Qin Feng glanced at everyone and waved again.

White light flashes in the field!

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue appeared one after another!

"Owner!"

"dad!"

After the three girls appeared, they happily gathered around.

In the zero-degree space, they also received the rewards of heaven, and they are still immersed in joy.

Qin Feng glanced at the three daughters and showed a look of relief.

I saw that Qi Yue's combat power has reached 900,000 stars, Xiao Luan'er has reached 1 million stars, and Feng Xi has reached 1.2 million stars.

These three people, together with Jumang, can sacrifice 3.25 million star combat power to Qin Feng.

In this way, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power can reach about 17.15 million stars!

This is a proper True God's initial combat power!

If you count the innate skills he has mastered, even if he is a powerhouse in the middle stage of the true god, he will dare to fight with it!

Of course, there is a high probability that he can only remain undefeated, and it is extremely unlikely that he wants to defeat the mid-term threshold of True God.

However, Feng Xi's three daughters still have a lot of medicinal pills, which have not been refined yet.

This time the reward is not digested yet!

Qin Feng has also not digested this reward!

When the third round of hegemony begins, his combat power will definitely skyrocket!

"Dad, the promotion reward this time is so generous!"

When Xiao Luan'er saw Qin Feng, she said excitedly.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "After the three of you got the treasure chest, did you open it?"

Xiao Luan'er smiled and shook his head: "I haven't had time to open it yet! I was summoned by my father!"

"Master, I haven't opened it yet!"

Qi Yue responded with a smile.

Feng Xi smiled even more sweetly: "I didn't have time to open it! By the way, Master, this time, you have been rewarded with a pass on the second floor of the Holy Land! What a surprise!"

"As far as the little girl knows, this pass award, only after the third round is over, the only winner is eligible to receive this pass! The master got it ahead of time, and got two more! This completely broke the previous convention. what!"

Xiao Luan'er was surprised: "Sister Fengxi, you mean, this second-level pass was only available to the star master candidate in the past?"

Feng Xi smiled: "Exactly! In fact, the second floor of the Holy Land will only be opened to the public after the third round of hegemony is over."

"According to the past, only one person in each star realm can enter. Those who can enter are naturally the star master candidates!"

"However, it's different now. The master has obtained two pass orders, then we can enter the Blue Star Realm for both of us. After all, the Holy Land does not recognize people!"

Qi Yue said with a smile: "Sister Feng Xi, there are more than two of them! If the master becomes a star master candidate in the third round, won't he get another token? In this way, Blue Star can have three people enter. It's gone!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "If you say that, there are not only three people in our Blue Star Realm, but four people! Because I still have a Double God Card in my hand! At that time, I will use the God Card to double the reward, You can get two more tokens!"

Xiao Luan'er was pleasantly surprised: "Yes! Dad, if this is the case, there will be four of us in Longyuan City who can enter the second floor of the Holy Land. The chance of the second floor of the Holy Land is much better than the first floor. !"

Feng Xi also smiled and said: "Of course! The chance of the second floor of the Holy Land is equivalent to the chance of being a star master candidate. Not everyone is qualified to come into contact with it!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er thought of something.

She hurriedly said: "No! Dad, it shouldn't be four people, it should be five people who can enter. We can be like last time, you and I can be psychic together and share a token. In this way, we can enter five people. personal."

Qiyue's eyes lit up: "Yes! This method is good!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Even if five people can enter, the token is still not enough!"

Xiao Luan'er puzzled: "How come it's not enough?"

Qin Feng said: "You three plus Jumang, plus me, that's five people. Using the method just said, four tokens are enough. But if Dijiang is born, how will he get in?"

Qin Feng's ambition is very big!

He actually thought about bringing all the messengers under his command into the second floor of the Holy Land.

Let all 517 messengers get the chance of the Holy Land!

"Yes! I almost forgot Dijiang!"

Xiao Luan'er grabbed her little head with a worried look on her face.

Qin Feng smiled: "Little girl, don't think too much! It's hard to say whether I can become a star master candidate."

"Besides, the second floor of the Holy Land will not open until the third round of hegemony is over. It's too early for us to talk about this now!"Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Boom!

At this moment, above the nine heavens, came the voice of Heaven.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: This round of rewards has been distributed! 】

[From now on, the Blue Star Realm will enter a rest period!]

[During the rest period, all kinds of fighting are prohibited! Hidden is forbidden. 】

[Reminder: During the rest period, the isolation barrier in the top ten divisions will not be cancelled. 】

[Reminder: After the rest period is over, the isolation barrier will be cancelled, and the top ten competition areas will be interconnected]

[Reminder: The time limit for this round of rest period is three days! 】

When the news came out, the audience was in an uproar!

It's finally time for a break!

Everyone can relax!

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: After half an hour, the Points Mall will be opened! You can use the points obtained in this round to exchange resources in the mall. 】

[Reminder: Only members of mysterious forces and Tiantian forces in this mall have permission to enter and purchase]

[Reminder: This mall is only open for three hours! 】

[Reminder: The points in this round are out of date and will be cleared! 】

As soon as the news came out, everyone below cheered again!

Even Fengxi, Qiyue, and Xiaoluan'er all laughed!

The Points Store is about to open!

A new opportunity is here!

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er said excitedly: "Dad, the opportunity of the mall is about to open! I have more than 900,000 points this time, and I will definitely be able to exchange for a large number of resources! I am so happy!"

"Dad! Dad! I also have 500,000 points!"

Jumang also said in a milky voice.

He raised his chubby little face and looked at Qin Feng eagerly, hoping to be praised by his father.

"Not bad! Not bad! The little sentence is great!"

Qin Feng smiled and fondly touched the little guy's head.

Xiaojumang smiled happily, her big eyes turned into crescent moons.

"By the way, Dad, what are you calling us to do?"

Xiao Luan asked suddenly.

With this reminder, Qin Feng just remembered the business!

right!

It is time for him to use the means of 'Child of Luck' to gain another benefit for Long Yuan!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked towards the square below!

It's just that Qin Feng didn't expect that his next operation also brought him an opportunity.

Chapter 586 Title promotion! Son of Destiny!

"The boss is here!"

"Boss seems to be speaking! Be quiet! Everyone, be quiet!"

Below, when everyone saw Qin Feng, all kinds of discussions stopped!

Soon, the field became very quiet!

Everyone looked at Qin Feng with respect, waiting for his speech!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng felt relieved.

He could see that Long Yuan's respect for him all came from the depths of his heart.

At the moment, Qin Feng looked at everyone with a smile.

"Everyone, next, I'll help you open the treasure chest! Who wants to try it first?!"

"Master! I will!"

As soon as the voice fell, a pretty figure flew out of the crowd and flew directly to Qin Feng!

The person here is Feng Ying!

Today, Fengying's combat power has exceeded 150,000 stars, and she is one of the core children of Long Yuan.

"Owner!"

Fengying bowed respectfully to Qin Feng, her pair of eyes like water and autumn eyes, hiding a different kind of affection.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Take out your treasure chest!"

"Yes!"

Fengying waved her hand and took out all eighteen epic treasure chests from the storage ring.

Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, Feng Xi, and Jumang all became curious when they saw this scene.

The people below were equally curious.

Some people in the crowd couldn't help but mutter.

"Everyone, why did the boss help us open the treasure chest?"

"Hey! I guess the boss thinks it's fun! Just like when I bought a lottery ticket, it's very exciting!"

"Lottery tickets? What is that?!"

"Uh! Your Qi clan doesn't seem to have this stuff!"

"Don't say so much! In short, I think the boss should think that he is lucky enough to help us open the treasure chest!"