Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"It makes sense! Then you say, how many eighth-order treasures can the boss unlock from Miss Fengying's eighteen treasure chests?"

"How many? Brother, are you mistaken? This epic treasure chest has only a 2% probability to open an eighth-order treasure. Eighteen treasure chests can open one eight treasures, that's all good luck!"

"That's right! If you want me to see, if the boss can open an eighth-order treasure, his luck is above the average! It's not easy to achieve this level!"

"Having said that, but I think the boss is not very lucky, at least he can open two pieces!"

"Two pieces?! My God! That's a one-in-ninth probability, and the success rate is over 10%. Who would be so lucky?"

As soon as it was mentioned that the eighth-order treasures were opened, everyone was excited, and the chat was hot!

At this time, someone muttered.

"Look! The boss is about to open the treasure chest!"

With this reminder, everyone looked up and saw that Qin Feng had picked up an epic treasure chest.

At the moment, the atmosphere in the field became a little nervous!

Everyone stared at Qin Feng one by one, observing his every move.

"Everyone, you said, the first treasure box opened by the boss, will it be an eighth-order treasure?"

Someone whispered!

"Damn it! There's only a 2% probability, how could it be the first to open an eighth-order treasure?"

As soon as these words fell, the air suddenly changed!

Seeing Qin Feng casually, he easily opened the treasure chest!

In the next second, the treasure chest turned into white light and dispersed, and there was a blood-red elixir in the air, exuding eight brilliance!

[Advanced Essence and Blood Pill: Eighth-Order Pill]

boom!

There was an uproar below!

"It's a high-level blood essence pill!"

"Haha! I just opened the first treasure chest, and the boss has opened the eighth-order treasure. This is a great luck!"

"I'll just say it! The boss's luck is unusual!"

Now, in the air.

Fengying was also surprised and delighted.

She didn't expect Qin Feng to open up eighth-order treasures.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng opened the first treasure box and opened the eighth-order treasure.

"Fengying, take the medicine pill!"

"Thank you master!"

Feng Ying was delighted to take the medicine pill.

At this time, Qin Feng picked up the second treasure chest

"Look! The boss is about to open the second treasure chest!"

Discuss again below!

"You said, can you still open the eighth-order treasure this time?"

"It's impossible! 2% probability! If you can open an eighth-order treasure, you are already lucky. How can you open two in a row?"

As soon as these words fell, Qin Feng finished opening the second treasure chest, and there was a silver **** card in his hand, emitting eight brilliance!

It was actually an eighth-order **** card!

"My God! It's an eighth-order treasure again!"

"Wow! The boss's luck is really unusual!"

In the air, Fengying was full of surprises!

The host is so awesome!

After a while, she gave her two eighth-order treasures, which greatly exceeded her expectations!

"Feng Ying, take the **** card!"

"Thank you master!"

Fengying took it excitedly.

At this time, Qin Feng picked up the third treasure chest.

"Look! The boss is about to open the third treasure chest!"

"This time, won't you still be able to open up eighth-order treasures?"

"It shouldn't be possible! If it can still be opened, it will be against the sky!"

hum!

As soon as the voice fell, the treasure chest in Qin Feng's hand. It turns into white light and disappears.

Afterwards, he had an eighth-order long sword in his hand, exuding eight dazzling brilliance!

boom!

This time, the audience is completely boiling!

Oh my God!

The boss opened three eighth-order treasures in a row!

Especially the third time, the eighth-order weapon was opened!

Tier 8 weapons!

It is one of the most valuable items among the eighth-order items!

At this moment, Feng Ying's mouth was almost crooked with laughter!

But then, something even more shocking happened

I saw Qin Feng continue to open the treasure chest

Fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh

He opened ten treasure chests in a row, and they were all eighth-order treasures.

Everyone's eyes are about to fall out!

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng opened all eighteen treasure chests!

This time, he performed exceptionally well, and 17 eighth-order treasures and first-order seventh-order treasures were opened from 18 treasure chests!

This time, everyone was completely stunned!

Fengying couldn't believe it, she thought she was dreaming.

In the air, Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er all showed knowing smiles.

The three of them know that Qin Feng has another identity, that is, the son of luck.

It's just that they didn't expect that the child of luck would be so powerful!

"Okay! The treasure chests are all finished, you go back!"

At this time, Qin Feng handed the last treasure out to Fengying.

"Thank you master!"

Feng Ying's face flushed with excitement, and her heart was extremely excited.

She never thought that her eighteen treasure chests could open such rich treasures!

Fortunately, the owner helped her open it!

If she opened it by herself, she would probably open eighteen seventh-order treasures.

In this way, Qin Feng has increased her chance rate by several times!

Immediately, Fengying took the treasure and flew back with a look of joy.

The people below looked very envious!

"Brother, I finally understand why the boss wants to help us open the treasure chest! He must be endowed with extraordinary luck!"

"Yeah! If the boss can help everyone open the treasure chest, then our chance harvest this time will be far beyond expectations!"

"Of course! According to the normal calculation, we have eighteen treasure chests, and at most one eighth-order treasure can be opened, but the boss has opened seventeen, and a few of them are eighth-order equipment! This is simply heaven. Not bad!"

"Yeah! The boss's operation can at least increase the rate of return of this promotion reward by another 20%!"

At this moment, Qin Feng's voice sounded in the air.

"Everyone, you have seen what I did just now! Next, who else has a treasure chest to open!"

"me!"

"Boss! I want to drive!"

"Brother City Lord, little sister, please open the treasure chest!"

"Master, the concubine should also be opened!"

This time, the audience is completely boiling!

Everyone is scrambling to beg Qin Feng to open the treasure chest!

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Don't worry! Everyone can drive!"

call out! call out! call out!

In the next second, white light flashed on his body, and 1024 fission bodies were fissioned.

Then, these thousand fission bodies flew to the square below to help everyone open the treasure chest

In the air, Feng Xi's three girls watched this scene with joy.

"I really didn't expect that the identity of the master's 'child of luck' would have such a wonderful effect!"

At this moment, Qiyue was full of emotion.

Feng Xi also smiled and said, "Yeah! I'm afraid that the reincarnation ancestor and the old ancestor of the years never thought that our master still has such a method! With this method, everyone's reward income this time has been greatly improved!"

Xiao Luan'er said happily: "This is a good thing! The greater the profit, the stronger our Long Yuan children will become!"

Feng Xi smiled and nodded: "Yes! Master's operation is to hope that all the disciples of Long Yuan will become stronger. Fortunately, the third round will deal with the disciples of the Samsara and the Suiyue clan!"

Qi Yue sighed with emotion: "Reincarnation and Suiyue are both super strong families, and their children are definitely not ordinary. If our Longyuan children don't improve, we really can't deal with them!"

Feng Xi smiled: "Don't worry! With the master here, we will only crush those two clans!"

In this way, Qin Feng's thousand fission variant helped all the children to open the treasure chest!

In just twenty minutes, he finished all the treasures.

Qin Feng's 92% success rate in opening eighth-order treasures has made Long Yuan's children a lot of money, and all of them have obtained more than 15 eighth-order treasures!

This made the strength of the disciples invisibly increased a lot!

At this moment, everyone's face is full of smiles!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

After Qin Feng opened the treasure chests of the children, he helped the three girls, Jumang and Fengxi, to open the treasure chests, and opened a bunch of good eighth-order items.

In this way, a feast of opening the treasure box came to an end!

All were immersed in joy.

Of course, Qin Feng also gained a lot in the process of opening the treasure chest.

In the process of opening the treasure chest, he found three extremely rare eighth-order **** cards, which were of great use to him.

Those disciples gave it to him generously!

Of the three **** cards, one is an eighth-order supreme helicopter card, which can directly upgrade an epic treasure chest into a mythical treasure chest.

Qin Feng has already used it.

He took an epic treasure chest from Jumang and upgraded it to a mythical treasure chest.