Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As a result, there are twenty mythical treasure chests in his hand, and in theory, four open sky treasure chests can be combined.

In addition to the Supreme Helicopter Card, Qin Feng also got two 'God Luck Cards'!

[God Luck Card: Eighth-Order Top Grade, Heaven and Earth Rare Object Card]

[Refining this card can permanently obtain triple the luck value. 】

These two divine luck cards are Qin Feng's greatest achievement!

His luck value is now 46 times!

If he refines these two divine luck cards, his luck value can reach 52 times!

Now, Qin Feng has realized the benefits of air luck, and naturally hopes that the higher his air luck, the better.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out a 'God Luck Card' and broke his fingers and dripped blood to the divine card.

hum!

The **** card trembled, bursting with dazzling aura!

In the next second, the divine luck card turned into a ball of golden light and poured into his body

Immediately afterwards, his breath began to undergo subtle changes

A sense of joy that his luck has improved filled his heart.

Qin Feng closed his eyes involuntarily and enjoyed himself

【You are integrating the divine luck card (8th-order best)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, your luck value has increased by 3 times, reaching 49 times the luck value! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your savvy has increased to 49 times! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your chances of getting a chance are increased by 49 times! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your success rate of breaking through the bottleneck is increased by 49 times! 】

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

His luck has improved!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: When the luck value reaches 50 times, you can upgrade to a new luck title! 】

what!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

The second title can be improved!

The benefits are back!

With this in mind, he quickly took out the second divine luck card and refined it with blood.

【You are integrating the divine luck card (8th-order best)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, your luck value has increased by 3 times, reaching 52 times the luck value! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your savvy is increased to 52 times! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your chances of getting a chance are increased by 52 times! 】

【Congratulations on your improved luck! Your success rate of breaking through the bottleneck is increased by 52 times! 】

[Congratulations on your second title 'Child of Destiny' being promoted to 'Child of Destiny'! 】

hum!

A clear sound of heaven and earth, as if from nine days away!

Then, a milky white sacred beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's body.

This movement suddenly shocked the audience!

Fengxi's three daughters, Xiaojumang, and Longyuan looked at them one after another.

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum has soared...

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Child of Destiny'! You get 1 million star combat power blessing! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Child of Destiny'! You got +500 reputation bonus! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Child of Destiny'! The maximum number of times you can feed back your combat power has been increased to 4,000! 】

[Reminder: There are higher-level titles on top of the title of 'Child of Destiny', which can be promoted by improving luck]

After a long time, the vision in the sky gradually dissipated!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face was full of ecstasy!Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The title of this 'Child of Destiny' is so powerful that it actually added 1 million combat power to him, bringing his basic combat power to 13 million stars.

If combined with the power of the road and weapon feedback, the comprehensive combat power can reach 14.9 million stars!

In this way, even if there is no sacrifice from the messengers, his strength has also entered the threshold of the True God Realm.

If there is the sacrifice of the three daughters of Jumang and Fengxi, his overall strength will be even more terrifying!

In addition, this title promotion also rewarded him with 500 reputation points, bringing his reputation to 7200 points.

What's even better is that his future combat power feedback limit has also been raised to 4,000 people, and 1,000 more people!

This is an invisible power boost!

The Son of Destiny is indeed stronger than the Son of Luck!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

However, he is very clear in his heart!

Next, he has to face the situation, which will be very serious!

This time, the entire Blue Star Realm knew about the fact that he had obtained the Holy Land Pass.

The reincarnation ancestor and the old ancestor of the years, I am afraid that they will join forces to deal with him!

When an old monster came, Qin Feng felt a headache!

It would be even more terrifying if those two old monsters joined forces together!

I hope the two old monsters will look down on him and kill him in batches.

He can beat them all!

Chapter five hundred and eighty seventh mall opportunity! Horror points!

"Owner!"

"dad!"

Qiyue and Xiaoluaner happily stepped forward.

"Congratulations to the master's increased strength!"

Feng Xi's beautiful face was full of happy smiles.

Although the three girls didn't know what happened to Qin Feng, they could see that Qin Feng's combat power had skyrocketed again.

They are really happy for Qin Feng.

Similarly, everyone below also showed joy!

Everyone knows that the boss must have activated some kind of reward, and the combat power will skyrocket again!

This makes everyone happy!

Today, Qin Feng is the soul of Longyuan City and the pillar of Longyuan City!

If Longyuancheng wants to sing all the way in the next competition for hegemony, Qin Feng has to be all alone.

In this way, the disciples of Long Yuan naturally hope that the stronger Qin Feng is, the better!

At this moment, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan flew up from below.

"Boss, now that the rewards have been distributed and the treasure chests have been opened, what are our next tasks?"

At this moment, Liu Xuan and the others asked Qin Feng for instructions.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Your next task, of course, is to go to Lingtian Temple to participate in the Tianwu assessment! I hope everyone will be promoted to the heavenly realm before the third round of hegemony!"

Liu Xuan said with a smile: "Boss, our Longyuan City has gained too much this time! According to the original reward, even the weakest newcomer has a 70% chance of winning the best combination."

"You just used the sky-reaching means. Eighteen treasure chests, at least fifteen eighth-order treasures were opened. Now everyone has two or three eighth-order equipment in their hands, and everyone's strength has greatly increased again."

"Even the weakest rookie children, relying on the assistance of those eighth-tier equipment, have an 80% chance of winning the best combination. If they refine the 180 blood essence pills in their hands, the chance can be raised to 90%. It's gone!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Not only 90%, it should be able to increase to 100%! Don't forget, in a few minutes, the points mall will open. There are a lot of rare resources in it. Let's exchange it again, those newcomers There should be a 100% chance of winning the best combination."

Liu Xuan was delighted: "Yes! My subordinates almost forgot about the Points Mall! With that said, our Longyuan City will soon be able to make everyone a heaven-level powerhouse, and they are all above the best. If so, That's really like a dragon!"

Elder Qishan smiled and said: "Yes! As long as all of us break through to the realm of heaven, then the strength of my Longyuan children will definitely be far stronger than that of the Samsara and the Suiyue clan! No longer afraid of these two 117 clans attacking !"

Granny Feng Qi nodded: "That's true! As far as I know, the children of the two clans are all in the heaven-level realm, but most of them are low-grade and middle-grade."

"Like our Longyuan, everyone is above the top grade, I'm afraid they can't even think about it! In such a comparison, our Longyuan City is much better than the Samsara and Suiyue people!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's hearts were filled with expectations for the future.

Everyone thinks that as long as everyone in Longyuan breaks through to the realm of heaven, then Longyuan City is really a heavenly city!

At this time, Qin Feng took a deep breath: "Having said that, there is still a big difficulty for my disciples of Long Yuan to break through the heavenly realm! That is, many people have not reached level 40. If they are not at level 40, then You are not qualified to participate in the Tianwu assessment!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of Liu Xuan couldn't help but look down and frowned.

The boss is telling the truth!

There are still a third of Long Yuan's people, and they have not reached level 40.

The levels of these people are still stuck at level 37, level 38, and level 39.

If the level of these people is less than 40, then there is no way to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

Thinking of this, the three of Liu Xuan felt a little worried!

At this time, Qi Yue smiled and said, "Master, do you still remember that I once bought some energy pills in the points mall in the Holy Land."

"That energy pill can provide pure energy value and speed up the upgrade. Maybe, there are also energy pills for sale in the points mall this time."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "It's true!"

Liu Xuan was delighted: "If there is really an energy pill, that would be great! In this way, the problem of level will be solved!"

Granny Feng Qi also said happily: "Yes! If there are energy pills, I can achieve Longyuan's goal of everyone's heaven. I hope there will be energy pills for sale in the points mall this time!"

Elder Qishan was a little apprehensive: "The old man is worried, if there is no energy pill to sell, it will be a lot of trouble!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "If there are no energy pills for sale, it will be a bit troublesome! Don't think so much, go and tell the children who are not enough. After the point store is opened, let them see if there are any energy pills for sale."

"If there is, let them buy the energy Dan Chong level first! Next, your top priority is to participate in the Tianwu assessment and break through the heavenly realm!"

"Yes, master (boss)!"

At the moment, the three of Liu Xuan took their orders and left.

After Liu Xuan and the others left, Feng Xi also spoke.

"Master, if there are energy pills for sale in the mall this time, I also want to buy some energy pills and sprint to level up to level 60. Otherwise, Feng Xi's level is too different from yours. hold you back!"

As soon as Feng Xi's words fell, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er all agreed.

"Yes! We can't be too different from the master's level, otherwise the trip to the Holy Land and various assessment challenges in the future will be troublesome!"

"Hee hee! Sister Fengxi, Sister Qiyue, the mall will be open at that moment, let's see if there are any energy pills for sale!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled.

He also felt that the three women should really buy some energy pills to impact the level.

After all, he was already level 65. If the three girls didn't reach level 60 for a long time, it would indeed be a bit of a drag.

What's more, leveling up can also improve your strength!

I just don't know if there will be energy pills for sale in this mall?