Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was still a little worried.

"Dad! Dad! I want to buy energy pills too! I want the same level as Sister Luan'er!"

At this time, a mang milky voice sounded behind Qin Feng.

Xiaojumang grabbed the corner of Qin Feng's clothes, raised his chubby face, looked at him, and seemed to want his father's permission.

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"Little guy, buy it if you want! It's also a good thing that your level has increased!"Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Um!"

The little guy smiled happily.

Having said that, the upgrades of Xiaojumang and Xiaoluan'er are a little different from ordinary people.

They are all born as spiritual pets, and the level of combat power is very large, and the benefits are more.

Today, Xiao Luan'er is level 55.

If she rises to level 60, I am afraid that she will increase her combat power by 20,000 stars.

As for Xiaojumang, it is even more powerful.

This guy is only level 37. If he can rise to level 60, the increase in combat power is not a little bit, it should be very impressive!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng expects Xiaojumang to reach level 60 sooner.

At this time, Xiao Luan'er came over again.

"Dad, in three minutes, the mall will open! This time, there should be god-level treasures for sale, right?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

Qin Feng smiled: "It should be! The last time the mall was opened, there were even ninth-order treasures. Even if there is a god-level this time, it is not surprising."

Qiyue sighed: "God-level treasure! That must be very expensive! I'm afraid that one piece will cost more than one million points?"

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "Yue'er, you underestimate the value of god-level treasures. If you can buy it for one million points, I'm afraid many forces can buy it."

"But in fact, the god-level treasures in the Blue Star Realm are very rare! It means that before this, many people couldn't afford it. In my opinion, it takes at least three or four million points to buy one! "

Qi Yue was surprised: "It's so expensive! But I saw that in the Lingyun Pavilion mall, there are also treasures of the demigod level and the low level **** level, and it seems that they are not so expensive!"

Feng Xi shook her head: "That's different! Treasures in Lingyun Pavilion have realm and prestige permissions, and can only be purchased at the prefecture-level realm. How many points a person in the prefecture-level realm can get is naturally not expensive."

"Now, the price is more than ten times more expensive than the mall open to the Blue Star Realm. That's normal! In fact, even the Samsara Clan and the Suiyue Clan may not be able to afford the same."

As soon as these words fell, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were a little surprised.

Then, the two girls were worried.

If god-level treasures are so expensive, can Qin Feng afford them?

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er asked: "Dad, the treasures of the gods are so expensive! Do you have enough points?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It should be enough! I have more than 70 million points!"

boom!

As soon as these words came out, the three girls of Feng Xi were surprised!

Even Xiaojumang was ignorantly happy.

"Wow, so many! Dad, have we made a fortune?"

"Oh my god! More than 70 million points! Dad, you are too amazing. You can buy a lot of god-level treasures this time!"

"Yes! Master, you are about to develop!"

"Master, according to the legend of Feng Xi's ancestors, in the past, the Tiantian forces scored more than 5 million points in the second round. You can get more than 70 million points, it is unbelievable!"

Feng Xi sighed.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I can get so many points, that's also the care of heaven. For the same goal, the points earned by the challenger's kills are more than ten times that of the hider. Therefore, I can get so many points, and Not surprisingly!"

Feng Xi nodded excitedly: "It's true!"

Xiao Luan'er looked even more proud: "Hee hee! This is our challenger's advantage! We don't have a mysterious force to cultivate for a long time, and Heaven will compensate us in other ways!"

Qiyue smiled and said, "I'm afraid the Samsara and the Suiyue Clan didn't expect that the master's points would be so many!"

At this time, Feng Xi seemed to think of something: "By the way, master, this time the points mall is open to the three major forces of the sky and all the mysterious forces. Therefore, the treasures we exchanged are the same."

"And those god-level treasures are limited in number, so after you enter the mall, go to the last page of the mall as soon as possible, and grab all those god-level treasures, so as not to be robbed by the reincarnation and the years!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It makes sense! By the way, Yue'er, turn on the time force field!"

"Oh!"

Qi Yue responded with a sound, and obediently opened the time force field, covering the entire floating city.

Seeing this scene, Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Yes! The master is still smart! With Yue'er's time and force field to help you, you browse the mall for 10 minutes, and the reincarnation ancestors only browsed for 1 minute. This is equivalent to speeding up your Buying speed!"

As soon as these words fell, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er showed a sudden look.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Everyone, get ready! In two minutes, the mall will open. We want to grab the best treasures first!"

"Um!"

The three girls nodded.

Even Xiaojumang nodded along with him.

At the moment, Qin Feng and his party are gearing up, waiting for the opening of the Points Mall.

An invisible big opportunity is coming again!

In the floating city square, tens of thousands of Longyuan disciples are also waiting nervously

They are also looking forward to what treasures will be sold in the mall this time.

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan, in the Palace of the Forbidden Land.

The old ancestor of the years looked at the Jiuzhuan Shenxue Dan in his hand, and then looked at the Zhu Rongling egg in the blood pool altar, and shook his head helplessly.

Tai Shi frowned: "Father, this is a demigod rank nine-turn **** blood pill, isn't it?"

The old ancestor of the years smiled bitterly: "Divine pills are not good! You still need all kinds of **** blood, at least the **** blood above the demigod level. It seems that we have to see if there is any sale in the points mall this time."

Tai Shi nodded slightly: "That's the only way! By the way, Dad, every time the second round of the mall opens, there will be some god-level treasures for sale. Shall we buy god-level treasures first, and then buy **** blood?"

The old ancestor of the years pondered for a while and said: "Alright! Without the help of divine blood, Zhu Rongling eggs can also recover, but the recovery is very slow. Speaking of which, it is more important to have divine-level treasures!"

"By the way, Shi'er, you have more than 5 million points on you, right? Wait a while for the point store to open, hurry up and go to the last page, choose a suitable god-level treasure and buy it immediately. Don't be robbed by the Years Clan!"

Taishi nodded: "Baby understand! By the way, Longyuan City should also be snapping up?"

The ancestors of the years sneered: "Although Longyuan City has become a force to suppress the sky, they want to have more than 3 million points, I am afraid it is a joke. Without more than 3 million points, they can't buy god-level treasures!"

"That's right!"

Tai Shi nodded again and again!

At the moment, Tai Shi no longer said much, waiting for the opening of the mall, ready to snap up the treasures of the gods.

At the same time, the reincarnation clan was stationed in the sky.

The ancestors of reincarnation and the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty both looked up at the sky.

"Father, the mall is about to open, it's been less than a minute!"

"Well, how many points do you have?"

"A little over 5 million points!"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded with satisfaction: "It's not bad! Chu'er, remember, after the mall opens, go to grab the treasures of the gods as soon as possible. This time, there are the Years Clan!"

Yuan Chu nodded: "Baby understand! This time, Qin Feng shouldn't have many points, it's nothing to worry about! But the points in Taishi's hands, compared with me, should be only a lot more."

The reincarnation ancestor sneered: "It's good to know! Therefore, you have to grab the best god-level treasure, and don't let others preempt it!"

"Baby understand!"

At the moment, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, I took a deep breath and waited for the opening of the mall.

These self-righteous guys don't know that Qin Feng's points have reached more than 70 million points, far exceeding their imagination

In a blink of an eye, the time has come!

Over the entire Blue Star Realm, the ethereal voice of Tiandao sounded

[Points Mall has been activated! Those who have shopping rights can enter and browse immediately! 】

[Reminder: This mall only exists for 3 hours. 】

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was boiling.

All those who have the right to enter the mall for the first time

At this moment, the sky above the floating city.

Twenty fission variants of Qin Feng opened the mall interface at the same time

It turned out that in order to snap up all the god-level treasures, he actually released twenty fission variants to attack together.

Chapter Five Hundred and Eighty-Eight God-Order Treasures! Sweep away!

hum! hum! hum!

Tiandao light screen is on

In just a moment, Qin Feng's twenty fission variants entered the mall interface at the same time.

After entering the interface, he doesn't look at anything, just pulls back and prepares to enter the last page of the mall

The treasure on that page is the most precious treasure in the mall!

He must race against time to steal the treasures on that page, and he cannot let the Samsara Clan and the Years Clan take the lead.

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan, in the Forbidden Temple.

The moment Taishi entered the shopping mall interface, the old ancestor of the years waved his hand and released a ten times time force field!

This old monster has also mastered this time skill!

Come to think of it, the Suiyue people are known for their talent in time.

Nearly one percent of the clan has a talent for time!

It is not surprising that the ancestors of the years master the time force field.

Only in this way, Taishi is no less than Qin Feng in the speed of scramble for treasures.

In just a few seconds, Taishi pulled to the last side of the mall

At the same time, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

A page of a divine book is releasing a golden light that pierces the sky, covering the whole body at the beginning of Yuan Dynasty!

That **** page is the next page of the book of this world, and it controls the power of time!

At this moment, the ancestor of Samsara borrowed the power of the **** page to bless a small time force field at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, which is also ten times the time flow rate.

As a result, the speed of grabbing treasures at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty is no less than that of Qin Feng!

In order to grab the most precious god-level treasure in the mall, Longyuan City, the Suiyue Clan, and the Reincarnation Clan all did their best

Soon, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, it was pulled to the last page of the mall

At the same moment, the sky above the floating city.

Qin Feng also pulled to the last page.

As soon as he entered the last page, he saw that on the list, seven low-grade god-level treasures were suddenly arranged!

Seven pieces!

so much!

It's so powerful!

Qin Feng was greatly surprised!