Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Ulla! Ulla!"

"Thank you Qin Feng! Thank you 911 Village! They brought us victory!"

"Ulla! Ulla!"

At this moment, the whole village burst into cheers.

These North Bear people are full of gratitude to Qin Feng.

The same scene also happened to the Beixiong people in 575 Village, who were also full of gratitude to Qin Feng

Chapter 75: The kingdoms suffered disaster!

At the same time, deep within the gold-devouring ant's nest.

Qin Feng is killing the Quartet.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: You are the initiator of this bet, so all the rewards you get are doubled! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your reputation! Prestige +10! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your betting rewards! Attribute +100 points! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your personal points reward! Attribute +160 points! 】

【Congratulations on doubling your personal points reward! Six silver treasure chests will be rewarded! 】

Ha ha!

Doubled again!VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Cool!

So cool!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

Om~!

At this moment, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him.

His attributes are slowly rising...

But he couldn't care about it, because the soldier ants were slaughtered desperately.

He wielded a long sword and kept fighting.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant 06 and gained +670 energy points. 】

 …

In the blink of an eye, he beheaded a large area.

Whoo~! Whoo~!

At this moment, two ant-devouring generals slaughtered at the same time.

Under the control of the queen ant's mind, their combat power has skyrocketed by a lot, and their momentum is extremely amazing under the joint effort.

"die!"

Qin Feng directly greeted him and slashed horizontally.

Swish~!

Several feet long knife Qi, cut across the past.

Click~! click~!

Two crisp sounds!

That sharp knife slashed through the steel armor, and cut the two ant-eater generals into four pieces...

[Successfully killed the 13th-level Ant Eater General (mutation level), and obtained +2000 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 13th-level Ant Eater General (mutation level), and obtained +2000 energy points. 】

Fuck it~!

Killed two level 13 mutant beasts with just one knife!

Incomparably powerful!

This is Qin Feng's strength!

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

When the queen ant saw this scene, she was inexplicably frightened.

At this moment, two beams of light descended continuously in the air.

A beam of light made Qin Fengfeng increase his attributes by 160 points.

Another beam of light dropped six silver treasure chests.

Qin Feng couldn't help but stop and catch the treasure chests one by one.

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, the cave vibrated, and white light flashed in the field.

One after another, gold-devouring soldier ants appeared out of thin air.

In the blink of an eye, more than fifty gold-devouring soldier ants in the field doubled to more than one hundred and fifty.

It turned out that the resource reward came into play!

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The ant queen was overjoyed, thinking that she could survive in a desperate situation, and launched the ant colony to attack Qin Feng again.

At this moment, Qin Feng just put the treasure chest into the storage ring.

Seeing this scene, he felt very happy.

Ha ha!

The increase in the number of these soldier ants is to provide him with energy and help him to level up.

At the moment, he continues to kill!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

 …

In this way, Qin Feng harvested the energy happily, killing the ant colony to the point of destroying the ants, with no power to resist.

The queen looked extremely anxious.

At the same time, black beams of light descended over the thirty villages of the blue camp.

The next second, the mourning came one after another.

Various cursing sounds of "Oh! NO!", "Fake squid!", "Baga!" and "Axi!" floated in the air.

Then, one after another shrill screams sounded in the corners of those villages.

50 attributes were deducted, and many people fell on the spot.

Even worse was the last batch of 24 villages.

The last time they were deducted 50 attributes, this time they were deducted 50 points, and the total was 100 points.

After this deduction, all below level 3 are dead!

The killing world has only been opened for two days, and not many people have risen to level 3.

In an instant, most of the people in those 24 villages died.

The living are mostly paralyzed and disabled.

For a time, weeping all over the place, extremely miserable!

Of course, the worst among them are Village No. 5 and Village No. 446.

These two villages lost three consecutive bets and were deducted 120 attributes. All below level 3 die.

Level 3 is either dead or paralyzed, no exceptions.

Level 4 is also mostly sick and disabled.

At this moment, there was a wailing in Channel 5.

Takeda Shin: "Miyamoto-sama, there are only a hundred people left in our village. Seventy of them are still paralyzed!"

Takeda Shin wailed.

Those seventy or so are all level 3, but unfortunately they are all paralyzed, which means they are useless, and sooner or later they will die!

Rami Miyamoto: "How is the situation at level 4?"

Takeda Shin: "Woo! Most of the 4th-level are sick and disabled! Even the 5th-level ones have greatly regressed in strength, and they may not be able to beat the 1st-level 010 beasts."

Miyamoto Lang: "Bag! Bag!"

Rami Miyamoto roared in grief.

This is the rhythm that will destroy the whole village!

Having said that, he was worse than the others with three bets.

Because he was the initiator of the first bet, 40 attributes were deducted for the first time.

3 times, he was deducted 140 attributes.

Today, he is still at level 7.

But now, his strength has dropped significantly, and even if he has an A-level spatial talent, he can't beat a level 7 beast.

You must know that when he was at level 7 before, he had the strength to slaughter level 9 beasts.

Miyamoto Lang: "Damn it! I must take revenge! Take revenge! I must kill Qin Feng!"

Takeda Shin: "Lord Miyamoto, I'm afraid we won't be able to take revenge! Because our village's resources have been greatly reduced. Now it takes three hours to find a beast, so how can we pass the novice test?"

Miyamoto Lang: "Bagga! Bagaya Road!"

At this moment, Miyamoto Lang let out a desperate cry.

According to this progress, I am afraid that after the novice assessment is over, no more than ten people will survive in Village No. 5...

A similar situation also occurred in 446 villages.

However, Village 446 is even worse!

Because their strength is weaker than Village No. 5!

Chapter 76 Kill the queen ants, and synthesize cards from the treasure chest!

On the other hand, Qin Feng was frantically harvesting the energy of the ant colony.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Knife Qi in the field!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!