Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The next second, he didn't even think about it, the nine fission bodies were purchased at the same time

Now is the critical moment to grab the treasure, as the saying goes: the hands are fast, but the hands are slow!

At the same time, the remaining thirteen fission variants had only seven low-grade god-level treasures on the last page, and seven fission variants had already been purchased.

These thirteen fission variants quickly turned up and entered the penultimate page to snap up those demigod-level treasures and ninth-order treasures!

Demigods and ninth-order treasures are also his goals and must not be missed.

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan, in the Palace of the Forbidden Land.

As soon as Taishi entered the last page, he saw the god-level treasure in the first place.

[Sacred Land Pass (Second Floor): Low Grade God Rank]

[Exchange points: 5 million points]

【Inventory: 1 piece】

[Passing order for entering the second floor of the Holy Land, a chance item for one-time consumption]

boom!

Seeing this, Tai Shi was shocked and full of surprises!

Ha ha!

The Holy Land Pass on the second floor!

He never imagined that this item was still for sale in the Points Mall this time!

According to the past, it is impossible to have such a treasure for sale!

In his eyes, the value of this Holy Land Pass is comparable to a middle-grade god-level treasure, and its value is immeasurable!

Heavenly Dao, however, counts the treasures of the **** rank, which is definitely the price of conscience!

Thinking of this, he quickly pressed the 'exchange' button

At the same moment, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he also screamed in surprise!

"My God! Holy Land Pass! There is Holy Land Pass for sale!"

"Quick! Quick buy!"

The reincarnation ancestor shouted anxiously!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, I quickly clicked to buy

[Reminder: Only 'Child of Destiny' has the right to purchase this item, you do not have the right to purchase it! 】

boom!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the whole body was shocked!

Somewhat dumbfounded!

He didn't have the right to buy it!

"Chu'er, have you bought it?!"

Ancestor Samsara asked anxiously.

Yuan Chu shook his head blankly: "No!"

Ancestor Samsara frowned: "Why?"

"It needs the 'Child of Destiny' to be authorized to buy it! Is the Son of Destiny a title?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he asked with a face.

The reincarnation ancestor also frowned.

It was also the first time he heard of the title of 'Child of Destiny'!

However, he is not surprised!

There are many treasures in the Points Mall, and there are requirements for titles.

This is also a special opportunity for the title owner, and others cannot envy it!

"Damn it! There is even a title request!"

Ancestor Samsara complained angrily.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Then, he said again: "That's it! It seems that this opportunity is not ours! You quickly buy other god-level treasures!"

With this reminder, in the early Yuan Dynasty, he hurriedly looked at the second god-level treasure.

[Chutian Divine Ring: Low-grade **** rank, not recognized as the master]

[Exchange points: 5 million points]

【Inventory: 1 piece】

[Space equipment, with 10 billion cubic meters of storage space, and can give back 200,000 star combat power to the owner]

Good baby!

It can also be used as a storage ring, and it can also feed back combat power to the owner, which is really powerful!

Not to mention the 200,000-star combat power, the storage space of 10 billion cubic meters is ten million times larger than that of ordinary storage rings.

Such a good treasure, how can it not be exchanged!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, without any hesitation, he directly pressed the 'Exchange' button

[Reminder: The Heaven Storage God Ring has been exchanged, and the current inventory is 0]

What? !

Was exchanged? !

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his face changed slightly, and he vaguely felt that it was not good!

He hurriedly looked at the third treasure

[Soul Silence Pill: Low Grade Divine Rank]

[Exchange points: 5 million points]

【Inventory: 1 piece】

[Refining this pill can greatly increase the strength of the soul body. 】

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he only glanced at it, and quickly pressed the exchange

Now, he doesn't dare to pick anymore!

As long as it is of some use to him, he chooses to exchange

Before that, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, there were only more than 5 million points, and there was only one exchange opportunity.

He also thought about picking the right one and choosing the one that was most useful to him.

Now, the situation is not good!

He can't pick anymore!

If you choose again, you won't even have a sip of soup!

[Reminder: Soul Silence Pill has been exchanged, and the current inventory is 0]

No way!

This one has also been redeemed!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, his face changed greatly, and he quickly turned to the fourth treasure.

This time, he didn't even look at it, he just pressed the exchange

[Reminder: Qinglong Divine Blood (middle grade) has been exchanged, and the current inventory is 0 drops]

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the face was even more ugly!

He anxiously chose to exchange the fifth, sixth, and seventh

[Reminder: The God of Creation Card has been exchanged, and the current inventory is 0]

[Reminder: Awakening Heart Lotus has been exchanged, and the current stock is 0]

[Reminder: The talent fusion card has been exchanged, and the current inventory is 0]

Three reminders in a row!

All the god-level treasures are gone!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the complexion became extremely ugly in an instant!

The whole person is stunned on the spot!

"Chu'er, how's it going?"

Ancestor Samsara asked anxiously. .

This cry, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, was relieved from the loss of consciousness.

He swallowed a bit of saliva and smiled bitterly: "Dad, I haven't redeemed a single god-level treasure!"

The reincarnation ancestor was shocked: "How is this possible! Could it be that this time the mall is open, only one or two god-level treasures can't be made?"

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he shook his head with a wry smile: "No! There are seven pieces in total! But all of them have been exchanged!"

"what?!"

The reincarnation ancestor was struck by lightning!

The whole person was dumbfounded on the spot!

After a while, he recovered.

"This... how is this possible?! Seven god-level treasures! Even if each treasure requires 500 points, the minimum is 35 million points! Who can redeem them all at once?"

The reincarnation ancestor is still difficult to accept the reality!

"Hey! Maybe Taishi and Qin Feng teamed up to exchange it!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, I sighed helplessly!

The reincarnation ancestor sneered: "This is absolutely impossible! Based on the old man's understanding of the Suiyue Clan, their points this time should be almost the same as ours, and there is absolutely no ability to exchange so many? If you can exchange two pieces at most, it will be heaven! "

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was shocked: "Dad, you mean that most of them were exchanged by Qin Feng?"

"this"

Ancestor Samsara frowned.

To say that Qin Feng exchanged the remaining five pieces, he couldn't believe it!

"Hey! The old man can't tell... That's it! That's it! The treasures of the gods are gone, hurry up and exchange them for the treasures of the demigods! Don't even steal the treasures of the demigods!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled bitterly: "Father, those people exchanged seven treasures of the god-level, so there shouldn't be many points. If they want to exchange for the treasures of the god-level, I'm afraid they can't do anything about it. Besides, the number of treasures of the god-level should be more."

While talking at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he turned back to the penultimate page.

But when he opened the second page, he was dumbfounded, and his eyeballs almost fell.

I saw that the second page was empty!

All the demigod-level treasures have been redeemed!

"Father! The demigod-level treasures are all gone!"

"what?!"

The reincarnation ancestor's mouth was wide open.

He almost thought he heard it wrong!

Afterwards, he roared anxiously: "Damn it! Who is it? How did you get all the gods and demigods?! Quick! Go and see the ninth-order treasures!"

"Oh!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, it quickly turned up!

In the next second, his wailing sounded from the field!