Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Father! The ninth-order treasures are all gone!"

"Damn!"

Immediately afterwards, the roar of the reincarnation ancestor sounded in the field.

Afterwards, he cursed loudly: "I tell you to exchange quickly! You have to grind! You deserve it!"

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor is extremely angry!

For existences like him and the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the eighth-order treasures are useless to them.

Only treasures above the ninth rank will be useful to them!

Well now, all the treasures above the ninth order in the mall have been redeemed!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the more than 5 million points in the hands are equivalent to rotten hands.

A similar situation is also being staged in the Years Clan.

At this moment, in the temple of the forbidden land, the curse of the ancestors of the years was heard!

That Taishi was standing in the hall with a dazed face, and the whole person was numb!

Similar to his situation at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was attracted by the first god-level treasure, the Holy Land Pass.

When he found out that he couldn't exchange it, Qin Feng's twenty fission variants were already swept away frantically.

By the time Taishi reacted, all the treasures above the ninth rank were gone!

This time, Tai Shi is destined to gain nothing!

The ancestors of the years are even more annoyed!

Their family has become a suppressing force this year, and the benefits that can be exchanged for points are not as good as when they were a mysterious force.

At the same time, Longyuan City, over the floating city.

In Qin Feng's sea of ​​​​knowledge, the reminders of the Tao of Heaven are constantly echoing

【You have successfully redeemed the God of Creation Card! Consume 7 million points]

[You have successfully redeemed the Awakening Heart Lotus and consumed 7 million points]

[You have successfully redeemed the Talent Fusion Card, consuming 8 million points]

In just a few tens of seconds, under the control of twenty fission variants, hundreds of reminders sounded in Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness.

After a while, the twenty fission variants merged into one.

Qin Feng appeared!

Then, he opened his eyes, his face full of ecstasy!

All the god-level treasures were all obtained by him!

Among them, three of them are at the peak level of the low-grade gods, and they are extremely valuable!

In addition, he also got 34 demigod-order treasures and 216 ninth-order treasures!

The treasures above the ninth order were all swept away by him!

In short, he made a lot of money this time!

The harvest is full!

Chapter five hundred and eighty-ninth space-time **** armor! SSS-level talent fusion!

Having said that, Qin Feng has redeemed all the treasures above the ninth order, and there are hundreds of thousands of points left in his hand.

What should the extra points be redeemed for?

"Owner!"

"dad!"

At this time, Feng Xi's three daughters and Xiao Jumang gathered around happily.

Obviously, the four of them have gained a lot!

"Dad, there are really energy pills in the mall this time! I exchanged a lot!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

"Dad! Dad! I also exchanged energy pills!"

Xiaojumang followed suit.

Hearing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was happy again.

He was worried before that there were no energy pills in the mall.

Since there are energy pills, the problem of the insufficient level of Long Yuan's children is solved!

This is a good thing for Longyuan City!

By the way, his extra hundreds of thousands of points can be exchanged for energy pills!

After Di Jiang was born, he could just use energy pills to speed up the upgrade.

In this way, Di Jiang can better cooperate with him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng browsed the mall again.

Soon, he found the energy pill.

He exchanged the remaining points for more than 100 energy pills, and exited the mall satisfied.

At this point, all his points have been used up!

At this moment, in the floating city square.

The disciples of Longyuan also completed the exchange, and they all received a lot of money, and they were chatting excitedly!

"Everyone! We made a lot of money this time!"

"Yeah! I exchanged a dozen eighth-order medicinal pills!"

"I also redeemed the most needed energy pill! I hope to reach level 40! Haha!"

"Brothers! Everyone has exchanged everything that should be exchanged! It's time to digest the harvest this time!"

"Yes! Those 180 high-level blood essence pills! And the harvest of opening 18 treasure chests! There are also resources for this point exchange! We have to digest it quickly!"

"Haha! When we digest these resources, our strength will definitely increase greatly! At that time, we will participate in the Tianwu assessment, and everyone will be able to obtain the best combination!"

"Wow! When I think of the best combination, I'm so excited! Don't say it, I have to quickly refine the medicine pill!"

"Haha! I'll come to refine too!"

At this moment, the disciples of Long Yuan sat cross-legged excitedly, and began to refine the harvest this time!

Looking at this scene, Qin Feng couldn't help but smile.

He is looking forward to the progress of these children after digesting the resources!

Speaking of which, he should digest his own gains.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked back at Fengxi's three daughters and Xiaojumang.

I saw the four of them chatting excitedly!

The harvest of the four of them is much richer than that of Long Yuan's children.

"Time is running out! The four of you have to hurry up and digest those resources!"

"Yes! Dad (Master)!"

Xiao Luan'er and Qiyue obeyed their promises obediently.

Jumang also nodded obediently.

Feng Xi smiled and said: "Master, I just looked at the mall, and all the ninth-order treasures in it have been exchanged. Could it be that you did it?"

Before she knew it, Feng Xi had changed her self-proclaimed status to a concubine.

Inadvertently, his mentality has undergone some subtle changes.

At this time, Qin Feng smiled slightly: "That's it!"

As soon as these words fell, Feng Xi's three girls were pleasantly surprised!

Xiaojumang saw that the three girls were happy, and he also followed silly, smiling ignorantly!

After that, Feng Xi said again: "Master, your move can be said to be a drain on the bottom of the pot! The Years and Reincarnations are going to lose a lot! However, they may be able to guess that it was you who did it, and the revenge against you will be even crazier. !"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Whether they can guess it or not, the third round of hegemony will not let me go! Even, they will join forces! After all, I have the holy land pass they most want in my hand! Not one piece! "

Feng Xi nodded slightly: "It's true! What concubine is most worried about now is that they will join forces! If that happens, the crisis will be bigger!"

Qi Yue was worried: "Yes! Just the strength of their family will give us a headache. If they join forces again, the situation will not be good!"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "There is no way to do this! According to the current situation, if the two clans are to join forces for the Holy Land Pass, the possibility is not small!"

"So, in the next rest period, we must quickly digest the resources obtained this time, and improve our strength as much as possible to deal with the next changes!"ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Hearing these words, Feng Xi's three girls felt a sense of urgency in their hearts!

This is really a blessing and a curse!

The more dazzling Qin Feng's performance, the more attention he will attract the enemy!

The greater the pressure on Longyuan City!

Just in case, they have to speed up their strength.

Not only do they want to improve their strength, but Long Yuan has to speed up their strength.

Therefore, the Tianwu assessment of Long Yuan's children will be the top priority during the rest period.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and took Fengxi's three daughters and Xiaojumang into the zero-degree space.

Then, he also disappeared out of thin air!

Qin Feng is ready to digest the god-level treasure he just got, and naturally needs a quiet environment!

As for the pill refining and Tianwu assessment of Long Yuan's disciples, even if there is no time force field, a three-day rest period is enough!

Some other trivial matters will be handled by the four avatars!

A minute later, in the zero-degree space, in the Palace of the City Lord, in the secret room.

"Huh! Finally finished the trivial matters!"

At this time, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Next, he should digest his gains

Thinking of this, white light flashed on Qin Feng's body, and hundreds of fission bodies were fissioned.

Among them, one hundred and eighty fission variants sat cross-legged one after another, and took out the nine-turn divine blood pill to swallow and refine.

Jiuzhuan Shenxue Pill is a demigod rank spirit pill!

If this is all refining, it will make his combat power skyrocket!

Afterwards, there were more than one hundred fission variants, sitting cross-legged one after another, taking out various medicinal herbs to refine.

Some of those elixir are demigod-level elixir, and some are ninth-order elixir, which he exchanged from the mall this time!

After dealing with these pills, the next thing is the focus

In the corner, a fission of Qin Feng took out four purple **** cards from the storage ring.

[Open Heaven God Card: Ninth-Order Top Grade]

[Reminder: Using this card, you can combine five myth-level treasure chests into a sky-opening treasure box. 】

Seeing the four Kaitianshen cards, Qin Feng smiled in his heart.

This time he exchanged a total of 5 Kaitianshen cards, and now he can use 4 cards!

Because he has 20 mythical treasure chests!

Thinking of this, the fission body took out 20 mythical treasure chests from the storage ring.

Afterwards, he picked up a Kaitianshen card and activated it directly.