Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In the next second, under the action of the Heaven-Opening God Card, the five mythical treasure chests were combined into a purple-gold treasure chest.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

That is a rare open-air treasure chest!

[Opening a Heaven-level treasure chest: 90% probability of opening demigod-level items, 8% probability of opening demigod-level peak items, and 2% probability of opening low-level god-level items. 】

Seeing this, the fission body smiled again!

He is the son of destiny, and his temperament value is 52 times that of ordinary people.

A 2% chance to open a low-grade god-level item, for him, it means a 100% chance to open a low-grade god-level treasure!

"A low-grade god-level treasure is in hand!"

The fission body murmured in his heart, and continued to use the remaining 3 Kaitian God cards.

It didn't take long for the mythical treasure chest in his hand to be exhausted, and it was upgraded to four open sky treasure chests.

However, the fission body did not open the treasure chest, but took out a sky-opening treasure chest from the storage.

That's exactly what Qin Feng had before.

As a result, there are five Heaven-opening treasure chests in front of him!

After doing this, the fission body took out a purple **** card from the storage ring again.

As soon as the God Card came out, it emitted a dazzling purple light, illuminating the entire secret room!

[God of Creation Card: The Peak of Low Grade God Rank]

[Reminder: Using this card, you can combine five open heaven-level treasure chests into one creation-level treasure box. 】

That was actually a **** card at the peak of the low-grade god-rank!

It is one of the seven god-level treasures that Qin Feng exchanged from the mall.

It can be used to craft Creation Chests.

Creation class treasure chest!

That is a higher-level existence than the Open Heaven-level treasure chest!

It should be able to open a middle-grade god-level treasure, right?

Thinking of this, the fission body was greatly moved.

The value of middle-grade god-level treasures is more than ten times that of low-grade treasures!

Immediately, the fission body took a deep breath, and the blood clotted his fingers, dripping onto the creation **** card.

hum!

There was an earthquake!

The **** card floats in the air, blooming with golden light.

A great formation of five-pointed stars projected from the card of the God of Creation.

Immediately afterwards, the five Kaitian-level treasure chests slowly floated into the air and automatically flew to the five-pointed star formation, which was distributed to the five formation eye positions.

Afterwards, the big formation slowly moved!

A burst of strong light intertwined!

Five treasure chests overlapped and merged.

After a while, the **** card disappeared!

A bright azure treasure chest appeared in front of the fission body

At the same time, Qin Feng knew the sea and sounded the reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Treasure chest synthesis is complete! Congrats on getting a Genesis Treasure Chest! 】

[Creation-level treasure chest: 90% probability to open low-grade god-level peak items, 8% probability to open middle-grade god-level items, 2% probability to open middle-grade god-level peak items.]

Knew it!

This creation-level treasure chest can open middle-grade god-level treasures, and even the treasures of the middle-grade god-level peak!

However, the probability of opening the peak of the middle-grade god-rank is only 2%!

But to Qin Feng, that is 100%!

He is the son of destiny!

Thinking of this, the fission body slowly opened the treasure chest

hum!

The azure treasure chest lit up with a dazzling white light, then turned into countless stars, and slowly dissipated.

A piece of mysterious pattern on a white background, the whole body is aura, the color is like glass, and the exquisite and atmospheric divine armor emerges!

[Space-Time God Armor: The pinnacle of the middle-grade **** rank, the master is not recognized]

[Incidental Skill: Time Travel]

[Incidental skills: thousands of illusions]

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, it can feed back the combat power of 500,000 stars]

[Reminder: This **** armor needs to master the SS-level space-time law before it can be recognized as the main refining. 】

boom!

After reading the information, Qin Feng was overjoyed!

The **** armor of the peak of the mid-level **** rank!

It can feed back 500,000 star combat power, and it also comes with two skills.

This is much stronger than the air-splitting armor on him!

His air-splitting armor only feeds back 100,000-star combat power, and does not come with any skills.

If he puts on this Space-Time God Armor, his combat power will skyrocket by 400,000 stars, and he can also gain two skills. His comprehensive strength will skyrocket!

However, if you want this A to recognize the master, you need to master the SS-level time and space laws.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little worried.

He has mastered the S-level time law and the S-level space law, but there is no way to merge the two laws into the SS-level space-time law.

That is to say, he is temporarily unable to refine the 'Space-Time Divine Armor'.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng had to put away the space-time **** armor.

In fact, he is very satisfied!

To be able to get a middle-grade god-level peak treasure is a great gain.

Next, he will consider how to combine the S-level time law and the S-level space law into the SS-level space-time law!

correct!

Among the seventh-order fetishes he harvested this time.

One is the talent fusion card!

Thinking of this, the fission body couldn't wait to take out a divine card.

As soon as the **** card came out, it bloomed with nine-colored rays of light, and the breath was extraordinary.

The fission body hurriedly looked at it

[Talent Fusion Card: The Peak of Low Grade Divine Rank]

[Using this card, two related SS-level talents can be merged into SSS-level talents! 】

The fission body's eyes lit up!

good! good!

Another treasure at the peak of the low-grade god-level!

This thing is also very useful to him at 1.5!

As long as he gets the SS-level space-time law, he can use this card to fuse his space-time law and the Primordial Law into the SSS-level Chaos Law!

At that time, he will have one more SSS-level talent, and his comprehensive strength will skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is full of infinite expectations!

Unfortunately, he hasn't mastered the SS-level law of time and space, so this card cannot be used for the time being.

So what should he do to master the SS-level space-time law?

Qin Feng thought in his heart.

Suddenly, he thought of something, and his eyes lit up!

correct! Dijiang!

Di Jiang was born to master SS-level time and space laws!

As long as Di Jiang is born, he will recruit him as the messenger of the heaven!

He can use the vocation skill of Judgment Master - sharing of perception, to obtain the perception of the laws of time and space from Di Jiang.

In that way, he can combine the S-level time law and the S-level space law into the SS-level law.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked in the direction of the Dijiang Spirit Egg, and his eyes were full of anticipation.

It seems that the birth of this little guy means a lot to him!

As long as Dijiang is born, he can obtain the SS-level space-time law.

At that time, he will be able to put on the Space-Time God Realm and integrate the SSS-level Chaos Law, and his strength will skyrocket again and again!

Even better, Di Jiang can also sacrifice a lot of combat power to him, and make his combat power skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was even more looking forward to the birth of the little guy.

Of course, the birth of the little guy can only be taken with the flow, and it is useless for him to think about it now.

Thinking of this, he put away the talent fusion card and continued to count the remaining gods.

Chapter 590 The harvest is huge! Two clan secret merchants!

Next, Qin Feng's fission variant took out the third divine artifact

[Chutian Divine Ring: Low-grade **** rank, not recognized as the master]

[Space equipment, with 10 billion cubic meters of storage space, and can give back 200,000 star combat power to the owner]

good! good!

A very powerful artifact!

Qin Feng was delighted!

Under the restrictions of the Heavenly Dao rules, equipment of the same type cannot feed back combat power at the same time.

Today, Qin Feng has three types of equipment: Xing Xing Sword, Sky Splitting Battle Armor, and Tian Xun Divine Wing to feed back his combat power.

If he wants to get equipment again, he needs to distinguish between these three types of equipment.

This Heaven Storage God Ring just meets this requirement!

Even better, it has 10 billion cubic meters of storage space, which is exactly what Qin Feng wants.

After going through this journey, Qin Feng has acquired too many treasures, and he is in need of such a large-space storage ring.

Thinking of this, the fission variant broke the blood and blood, dripping to the Tian Chu Divine Ring.

hum!

In the next second, the divine ring lights up

In Qin Feng's knowledge, there was also a reminder from Heaven.

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Congratulations, you have obtained the recognition of the Heavenly Storage Ring! 】

good! good!

Got another artifact!