Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, the power of his various equipment to feed back has accumulated to 900,000 stars.

And the power of harmony is 1.2 million stars!

The basic combat power is 12 million stars!

In this way, his comprehensive combat power has reached 14.1 million stars, just entering the combat power threshold of the true **** realm!

This is Qin Feng's own strength!

If you count the sacrificial power of the three daughters of Jumang and Fengxi, it will be even stronger!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

Afterwards, he continued to count the harvest and took out a drop of divine blood from the storage ring.

[Mid-grade Qinglong divine blood: low-grade divine order]

[Refining this blood can greatly strengthen the power of blood. 】

[Reminder: Only those with true dragon bloodline talent can refine it]

Qin Feng is in a good mood again!

It was one of the items he needed.

Having said that, he has refined a lot of low-grade blood of the demigods.

The middle-grade **** blood of the low-grade **** class has never been refined. 19

I don't know if this drop of divine blood can be refined, and whether his bloodline talent can be raised from the mid-stage SSS level to the peak of the SSS level.

If you can break through, it will be a huge harvest!

With this in mind, the fission body was divided into two, becoming two fission bodies.

Afterwards, one of the fission bodies sat directly cross-legged and began to refine the mid-grade Qinglong divine blood.

The remaining fission variant, continue to count the harvest

I saw a flash of white light, and there was another milky white divine pill in front of him, exuding a sacred halo.

[Soul Silence Pill: Low Grade Divine Rank]

[Exchange points: 5 million points]

Another very nice harvest!

The fission body was divided into two again and became two fission bodies.

One of the fission variants, sitting cross-legged, began to refine the Soul Silence Pill

The other fission variant continued to count, and took out a white lotus like jade.

I saw that the lotus was as big as a washbasin, with twelve petals open. The whole body was as crystal clear as jade, with its own holy white light and a faint fragrance.

As long as you take a sip of the aroma, you will feel refreshed, and your whole body will be peaceful!

[Awakening the World Heart Lotus: The Peak of the Low Grade Divine Rank]

[Refining this lotus can combine the nine consciousnesses of eye consciousness, ear consciousness, nose consciousness, tongue consciousness, body consciousness, consciousness, mana consciousness, alaya consciousness, and amara consciousness into one, and give birth to one consciousness in the sea of ​​consciousness. The 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' will have infinite magical effects]

[Reminder: Only those with SSS-level Nine Consciousness Awakening talent can refine this lotus]

The treasure of the peak of the low-grade gods!

There must be something extraordinary!

Looking at its refining requirements, it is very demanding!

It is actually required to awaken the talent of the SSS-level nine consciousness awakening before being qualified to refine this thing.

I'm afraid that in this world, few people can refine it.

Fortunately, Qin Feng has awakened such talent!

Immediately, the fission body sat cross-legged and began to refine the 'Awakening Heart Lotus'

At this point, Qin Feng's inventory is over.

In fact, he also has a seventh fetish, which is the Holy Land Pass.

That doesn't need to be checked.

Having said that, he already has three Holy Land Passes!

If he wins the star master candidate in the third round of hegemony, he will be rewarded with a token.

At that time, he will use the Double God Card again, and one token will become two.

In this way, there are five tokens in his hand.

If he uses the psychic combination again, he can bring Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, Fengxi, Jumang, and Dijiang into the second floor of the Holy Land together, and get the chance of the Holy Land together!

You know, that's the chance for a star master candidate to be eligible for it!

Now, Qin Feng not only wants to go in by himself, but also wants all the messengers under his command to go in, his ambition is great!

Of course, all of this is Qin Feng's plan.

Whether he succeeds or not depends on the results of the third round of hegemony!

The reincarnation and the years are extremely difficult to deal with!

In this way, Qin Feng closed again

On the other side, Fengxi's three daughters and Xiaojumang are also in retreat.

Dijiang Spirit Egg is also sleeping.

It has entered the final stage of development and is not far from hatching

At the same time, in the floating city,

The 40,000 Longyuan disciples are also consuming this harvest, and their strengths are increasing unknowingly.

The entire Longyuan City is still thriving!

At the same moment, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

The ancestors of reincarnation and the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty are all ashen!

They lost a lot this time!

In the second round of hegemony, they managed to accumulate more than 5 million points, and they didn't even redeem a ninth-rank item, let alone a god-rank item.

This is a big opportunity missed in vain!

After the reincarnation ancestor scolded the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he could only accept his fate!

Now that it's over, he can't change anything.

"Father, what should I do now?"

Yuan Chu asked with a wry smile.

The reincarnation ancestor said in a bad mood: "What else can you do? You can't waste those points! This mall only exists for three hours. You can quickly exchange those points for some eighth-order treasures and reward them to the disciples in the clan!"

"Yes!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he took orders in fear and began to exchange.

It didn't take long for a figure to fly below, it was Dracula!

"Master, Dracula suddenly thought of something, and I want to report it to you!"

As soon as Dracula arrived, he reported respectfully.

He has adapted to the role of a servant.

"Speak!"

The reincarnation ancestor had a calm face.

He is in a really bad mood!

Before the third round started, the Samsara clan suffered a dark loss, and no one would feel better.

Dracula saw that the old ancestor's face was wrong, and his heart was a little uneasy.

He took a deep breath and said, "Master, you asked me to find the original book of the Bible, I seem to have some eyebrows."

Ancestor Samsara's eyes lit up: "How do you say this?"

Dracula hurriedly said: "Master, as far as I know, that "Bible" was originally in the hands of the Holy See of Light. In this second round of the competition for hegemony, there is a challenge force called Bright Town, and it was successfully promoted to a mysterious force."

"I speculate that Guangming Town was founded by the people of the Holy See! They must have the original "Bible" in their hands!"

The reincarnation ancestor was pleasantly surprised: "How sure are you?"

"At least ninety percent!"

Dracula was very sure.

The reincarnation ancestor was overjoyed: "Finally I got a good news! Since the original whereabouts of the "Bible" have been determined, then Guangming Town will be another key target for us!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he also said happily: "Father, if the "Bible" was originally a page in the book of the world, then the significance of destroying Guangming Town is no less than destroying Qin Feng!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled and nodded: "It is true! If the old man gets the first page of the book of the present in Qin Feng's hands, then he gets the page of the book of the present in Guangming Town, plus the next page in the hand of the old man."

"If you combine those three pages into one, you can get a high-grade god-level treasure - the book of the present world! At that time, the old man will not be afraid of the old ancestors of the years. He can even use the book of the present world to defeat him in one fell swoop!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he rejoiced: "Father, if we can defeat the ancestors of the years, we will win the third round of hegemony! And the fact that the book is in hand, it is also very meaningful for your plan to return to the realm of judgment!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled and said: "Yes! If the old man can get the book of this world, he may be able to break through the shackles and be promoted to the real **** realm in one fell swoop. At that time, it will be no problem to beat the old ancestors of the years!"

Thinking of such a picture, the reincarnation ancestor stroked his beard and smiled, and his old face was a little rosy.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

But then, he said again: "Of course, all of this is just my guess! Whether the Bible was originally a page in the world remains to be confirmed."

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he nodded slightly: "Indeed! However, Dracula said that the original power of the "Bible" is obviously much stronger than that of the "Missionary."

The ancestor of reincarnation nodded: "Yes! Unfortunately, it is now a rest period, we can't go to Guangming Town, and we can't verify it!"

Yuan Chu said: "Father, when the third round of hegemony begins, we will be divided into two groups! You take ten envoys and kill Longyuan City as soon as possible! Dracula and I will kill Guangming Town!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled and nodded: "This method is feasible!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he reminded again: "By the way, Dad, Qin Feng's rewards in the second round are great! I am afraid that after the opening of the third round, his strength will skyrocket a lot!"

The reincarnation ancestor was disdainful: "Humph! The last time I was on the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, the old man had tried Qin Feng's children's jinliang, and it was nothing to worry about!"

"Even if he has received a lot of rewards this time, his combat power can be increased to 7 million stars, reaching the threshold of the False God limit, which is very good. But such combat power is simply vulnerable in front of this old man!"

Hearing this, Yuan Chu breathed a sigh of relief, and there was joy in his eyes.

In his opinion, with his father's action, that Qin Feng is doomed!

Having said that, Qin Feng was too dazzling before, which made Yuan Chu feel very jealous.

A small challenger has created incredible miracles in such a short period of time!

This made Xiang Zi's proud Yuan Chu feel extremely unhappy in his heart!

And the better Qin Feng behaves, the more incompetent he appears!

Therefore, he very much hopes that Qin Feng will fall soon!

A dead genius, no one will be jealous.

Who can live with the dead?

At the same moment, after listening to the conversation between the two, Dracula's eyes also showed a look of schadenfreude.

He is also extremely jealous of Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng in his heart!

These **** Longbi people actually performed so well in this world, which made him very unhappy!

He wished that the reincarnation ancestor would destroy Qin Feng and Longyuan City earlier!

Now, his wish will soon come true!

Thinking of this, the joy in Dracula's eyes is even stronger!

It's just that the ancestors of reincarnation, the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, and Dracula didn't know that Qin Feng's current combat power has exceeded 14 million stars, and he has entered the threshold of the true **** realm.

If coupled with the back-feeding of the combat power of the three daughters of Jumang and Fengxi, I am afraid that it will be close to 18 million stars, or even more.

After all, Qin Feng and Jumang are all in retreat, and their strength is rapidly improving.