Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In the end, it is temporarily unknown to what extent their strength will reach.

Even better, Qin Feng's fifth messenger, Di Jiang, is about to be born.

In this way, Qin Feng's comprehensive strength far exceeds the 7 million star limit assessed by the reincarnation ancestor.

Three days later, the two fight!

The reincarnation ancestor may not necessarily be Qin Feng's opponent.

Of course, for all this, the ancestors of reincarnation and others did not know.

In this way, the reincarnations have made a plan for the next step 837

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan, in the Forbidden Temple.

Tai Shi and the old ancestor of the years are both gloomy at this time.

Like the Samsara clan, they suffered a dark loss in the point exchange link.

"Father, the exchange of points this time is very strange! Who is it that has so many points and redeemed all the treasures above the ninth rank?"

Taiji looked puzzled.

The old ancestor of the years pondered: "It may not be done by one person! This year's competition for points is different from the past! Not only does one challenge force, which has become the Tiantian force, there are two challenging forces, which have become mysterious forces."

Tai Shi's eyes lit up: "Father, do you mean that Longyuan City, Guangming Town, and Wuzhuangguan Town are all suspects?"

The old ancestor of the years nodded slightly: "With the favoritism of the Dao of Heaven to the challenger, the points in the hands of these three forces are estimated to be not less! You mentioned before that the sale of the Holy Land Pass requires the son of destiny. Purchase permission!"

"Titles like this often appear on challengers! Therefore, the old man suspects that the one who bought the pass should be the leaders of the three forces of Longyuan City, Guangming Town, and Wuzhuangguan."

"Of course, among the three, Qin Feng is the most likely!"

After hearing this, Taiji nodded slightly.

"It makes sense! In fact, for us, the Holy Land pass is the most important thing in this point exchange. If Qin Feng has exchanged the pass in the mall, then he has three yuan in his hand!"

Speaking of which, Tai Shi was full of emotion!

The old ancestor also took a deep breath: "Yeah! If that kid has three passes, the value of killing him is more important than winning the third round of hegemony! After all, winning the third round of hegemony is only a matter of It's just a token reward!"

"It seems that our primary goal in the third round of hegemony is to kill Longyuan City as soon as possible, destroy Qin Feng, and take away his token!"

At the beginning of the worry: "Father, the ancestor of reincarnation is afraid that he thinks so. I am afraid that he will be the first! Then Qin Feng will be vulnerable in front of the ancestor of reincarnation!"

The old ancestor also said worriedly: "This is indeed a worrying thing! Compared with the distance, the Samsara clan is closer to the first competition area. I don't want to think so much, it's a human effort!"

"At that time, at the beginning of the third round, the ancestors rushed to the first division with all their strength. If you take people to the fifth and sixth divisions, Wuzhuangguan Town and Guangming Town can't be spared! Maybe, in their hands There are tokens too!"

"Baby understand!"

At the moment, the father and son duo also agreed on a plan.

Obviously, they didn't take Qin Feng seriously, thinking that Qin Feng was vulnerable in front of the reincarnation ancestor.

The only thing they worried about was that the reincarnation ancestor killed Qin Feng and plucked the peaches.

Just when the Samsara clan and the Suiyue clan negotiated, in the zero-degree space.

Hundreds of Qin Feng's fission variants are rapidly refining various ninth-order and demigod-order resources.

His strength is skyrocketing wildly

Chapter Five Hundred and Ninety-One Dharma Vision World! Dijiang Alienation!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, a day and a half has passed!

The disciples of Long Yuan have refined and refined 180 high-level blood essence pills, as well as various resources exchanged.

This makes everyone's strength skyrocket!

Today, Long Yuan's weakest disciples have reached 70,000 stars in combat power!

The combat power has exceeded 100,000 stars, which is already more than half of the people.

All of these can get the best combination.

The combat power exceeded 150,000 stars, reaching more than 150 people.

This group of people has a 90% hope that they can get the inferior gods and join the Tao.

As for Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan, their combat power exceeded 180,000 stars, and the chance of winning a medium-level god-level combination was more than 80%.

In addition, some children who did not reach level 40 before have also been promoted to level 40 with the help of energy pills!

In this way, all the disciples of Long Yuan have the qualifications for the Tianwu assessment.

During this period, the phantom avatar had already reached the sky above the Red Moon Star first.

The Moon Spirit clone was guarding near the star gate.

Next, under the call of the space of the two clones, Long Yuan's children were continuously sent to Lingtian Temple to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

With the help of Qin Feng's avatar, Long Yuan's disciples saved a lot of time on their way.

And their exams went very well!

Of all the children who participated in the assessment, none of them were lower than the best and the best.

In a blink of an eye, it was the morning of the third day of the rest period.

Seventy percent of Long Yuan's children have completed the assessment

Among them, there are one hundred people who have obtained the lower-level divine quality.

Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan also successfully obtained the medium-level divine quality.

This made Longyuan City's strength soar, more than doubled!

At the same time, something is happening in zero-dimensional space.

At this moment, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng's three fission variants are still refining treasures.

One is refining the Qinglong Divine Blood, one is refining the Soul Pill, and the other is refining the Awakening Heart Lotus.

During this time, Qin Feng has refined 180 nine-turn divine blood pills, as well as hundreds of other semi-god and ninth-order resources.

After this refining, his basic combat power soared to 13.9 million stars, a full increase of 900,000 stars!

(Thanks to the book friends for reminding, the basic combat power in the previous chapter forgot the blessing of the Son of Destiny, it should be 13 million stars)

In short, this makes Qin Feng extremely satisfied!

Boom!

At this moment, among the three fission variants, the one on the left was full of qi and blood, and an earth-shattering roar sounded in the body!

In the next second, the momentum of his whole body was skyrocketing wildly!

At the same moment, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded

[Refining the middle-grade Qinglong divine blood (low-grade divine rank) succeeded! Your bloodline talent is being advanced]

【Advanced success! Your bloodline talent has reached the peak of SSS level]

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the peak of SSS level! Your basic combat power is increased to 14.15 million stars]

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the peak of SSS level! Your inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' is advanced to a middle-grade god-level skill, with an additional ability—Fa Xiangtiandi (primary)]

[Fa Xiangtiandi (primary): It can be transformed into a giant body of ten thousand feet, standing tall in the sky. When fighting in this state, the attack power and defense power will each increase by 10%]

After the reminder, all the visions slowly disappeared.

The fission variant also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of ecstasy.

His bloodline talent has finally been promoted to the pinnacle of SSS level!

What's even better is that his talent skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' has been promoted to the middle-rank **** rank, and it also comes with the ability of a magical world.

This 'Fa Xiangtiandi' looks like a kind of supernatural power, which can be transformed into a thousand feet and stand upright.

In that state, both attack power and defense power have increased by 10%, which is very powerful!

With Qin Feng's current strength, an increase of 10% is equivalent to an increase of more than 1 million stars in combat power, which should not be underestimated!

What's even better is that the Fa Xiangtiandi he obtained is only elementary!

This shows that the 'Fa Xiangtiandi' can be upgraded, and the further back it is, the stronger it becomes!

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more he looks forward to it!

Then, the fission body slowly got up

Boom!

Suddenly, the fission variant on the right, the aura of the soul body continues to soar, and the momentum is also soaring wildly all the way!

At the same time, Qin Feng's knowledge also echoed the reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Refining Soul Silence Pill (Lower Grade God Rank) is complete! The strength of your soul body has been promoted from 'False God Peak' to 'False God Limit' level]

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the limit of False God! Your Divine Consciousness has a radius of 1 million miles]

[Reminder: The range of spiritual consciousness at the peak of False God is 300,000 miles, the range of consciousness at the limit of False God is 500,000 miles, and the range of consciousness at the initial stage of True God is 1 million miles]

Qin Feng was surprised!

The range of his divine consciousness was comparable to that of the early days of the true god.

This point, I am afraid that it surpasses the ancestors of reincarnation, right?

The reincarnation ancestor is a False God limit powerhouse, and his soul body should also be a False God limit level.

And Qin Feng's soul body is also the limit of the virtual god, but he has the blessing of SSS-level talent nine consciousness awakening, and the ability of spiritual consciousness can crush the soul body of the same level!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the limit of False God! Your basic combat power is increased to 14.3 million stars]

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the limit of False God! Your third divine eye skill - divine light of divine punishment, will be automatically promoted to mid-rank divine rank]

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the limit of False God! Your pupil skill - soul destroying pupil, automatically promoted to the middle grade **** rank]

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the limit of False God! Your skill - infinite fission, automatically promoted to middle-grade **** rank, and the upper limit of the number of fission is increased to 1024]ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

[Reminder: In the state of the two-meter body, 2048 fission bodies can be fissioned]

[Your soul body has successfully broken through to the limit of False God! Your vocation skill - body of two ceremonies, automatically promoted to middle-grade **** rank]

[The upper limit of the maintenance time of your two-meter body has been increased to 15 days]

Boom!

Another shocking move!

When everything calmed down, the fission variant on the right slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

At this moment, Qin Feng was ecstatic!

Soul Silence Pill has also been refined!

His soul body made another breakthrough, which made his basic combat power soar to 14.3 million stars.

With basic combat power alone, he has entered the threshold of the True God Realm.

If you count the power of the way and the power of the artifact feedback, his comprehensive combat power can reach 16.4 million stars.

What's even better is that his skills, Soul Destruction Eye, Divine Punishment Divine Light, Infinite Fission, and Body of Two Instruments, have all been promoted to the mid-grade **** rank, which has caused his comprehensive strength to skyrocket!

This makes Qin Feng more confident for the next third round of hegemony!

call out! call out!

In the next second, the two left and right fission merged into one, becoming a fission body.

This fission body looked at the fission body in the center, showing a look of anticipation.

The fission body in the center is refining the awakening heart lotus, and it will be endless for a while.

After all, the 'Awakening Heart Lotus' is a treasure at the peak of the low-grade **** rank, and it is much more difficult to refine than the middle-grade Qinglong Divine Blood and Soul Silence Pill.

"It's been so long, I don't know how Feng Xi and the others have retreated? By the way, count the time, should Di Jiang be born?"