Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng pondered: "If you have the blessing of your time force field, it is estimated that it will be noon tomorrow!"

Hearing this, Qi Yue was a little worried.

"Master, the third round of hegemony will begin tomorrow. Wait until noon tomorrow, I am afraid that the ancestors of reincarnation have already been killed. Isn't Dijiang able to help you?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "That's not necessarily! It will take some time for the reincarnation ancestor to arrive. Perhaps when the reincarnation ancestor came, it was when Di Jiang was born. That is the death of the reincarnation ancestor. Time!"

Qi Yue was still worried: "I hope so! Without Di Jiang's help, Yue'er would always be a little worried. After all, the reincarnation ancestor is too strong!"

Up to now, Qi Yue doesn't know how much Qin Feng's strength has improved.

Therefore, she was inevitably a little uneasy.

But in Qin Feng's view, even without Di Jiang's help, he is not afraid of the reincarnation ancestor.

If there is Di Jiang's help, it is time for him to have the strength to kill the ancestors of Samsara.

Thinking of this, he smiled and said, "Yue'er, don't worry! I feel faint in my heart!"

At the moment, he comforted Qiyue and Jumang, then turned and left.

He still has a lot to deal with

Chapter 592: There is a sea in the north! Co-worker egg!

Three hours later, Qin Feng had already dealt with a lot of trivial matters.

At this moment, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng is dealing with the last thing.

Today's zero-degree space, with a radius of hundreds of miles, is rich in spiritual energy and has become a climate.

Looking at the center of the space, a magnificent palace stands, surrounded by several luxurious wooden lofts.

That is Qin Feng's palace, and Feng Xi's wooden house.

In front of the palace, there are Lingquan Well, Moon Flower Tree, and Linghua Lingcao from the fifth to the ninth order, all of which are colorful!

The scenery is very beautiful, like a fairyland on earth!

Qin Feng didn't finish all the spirit flowers and plants in the last alchemy.

For every kind of spirit flower and spirit grass, he kept one as a spirit seed and continued to cultivate and develop.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Having said that, thanks to his creation, the concentration of spiritual energy in the zero-dimensional space is dozens of times that of the outside world. If it is a blessed land of spiritual energy, it is very suitable for cultivating various spiritual flowers, spiritual grasses, and spiritual trees.

At this time, in front of the palace, Qin Feng was looking at a spiritual tree in front of him with a look of joy.

The spiritual tree is as high as three feet, as thick as an arm, and the spiritual light flows through the sky, looming twelve kinds of brilliance, and giving birth to nine branches.

There is only one leaf on each branch, and there are nine leaves in total, as big as the palm of your hand, green and dripping.

What's even better is that on each leaf surface, the illusion of a world emerges, with mountains, rivers and rivers, flowers, fish, birds and beasts, revealing it.

Nine leaves, holding the nine worlds, are extraordinary!

This is the magical world tree!

Today, the World Tree has changed significantly, it is many times taller than before, and the world manifested on the nine leaves is more clearly visible.

Qin Feng observed happily

[World tree (growth period): the peak of the middle-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth. 】

[Growth progress: 47.3%]

[After the world tree matures, it can be promoted to a high-grade god-level thing. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

During this period of time, the World Tree has grown a lot, and the growth rate has reached 47.3%.

These are all relying on the help of Sanguang Shenshui!

It turned out that during this period of time, he had irrigated the World Tree with the second drop of Sanguang Divine Water.

Now, World Tree has absorbed the second drop of divine water, and the growth rate has reached 47.3%, and has been promoted from the middle-grade **** rank to the peak middle-grade **** rank.

When the world tree grows to 100%, it means that it is fully mature and has reached the rank of high-quality gods.

At that point, the World Tree will be able to function.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was looking forward to it.

correct!

It's time to irrigate this divine tree with divine water!

With this in mind, Qin Feng took out a white jade bottle from the storage ring and poured out a drop of divine water.

I saw that the drop of divine water had its own glow, and the sun, moon, stars and other phantoms appeared in it.

[Sanguang Shenshui: Low-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Reminder: This divine water can be used to cultivate the World Tree, which can speed up the growth of the World Tree by ten million times. 】

This is the last drop of Sanguang Divine Water in Qin Feng's hands.

I don't know how much this drop of divine water can make the World Tree grow?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flicked his index finger, and the drop of divine water bounced into the root of the tree

Silk! Silk! Silk!

In the next second, the drop of divine water penetrated into the ground at a speed visible to the naked eye, and was sucked in by the roots of the tree.

Om 200!

At the same moment, the World Tree lit up with a faint aura!

In Qin Feng's sea of ​​​​knowledge, the reminder of the Tao of Heaven also sounded

[Your World Tree is absorbing Sanguang Shenshui, growth length +0.001%]

[Your World Tree is absorbing Sanguang Shenshui, growth length +0.001%]

[Your World Tree is absorbing Sanguang Shenshui, growth length +0.001%]

Hearing these prompts, Qin Feng smiled.

This world tree is growing faster again!

However, he had no time to wait.

It will take several days for the World Tree to absorb the Sanguang Divine Water.

"It is estimated that a drop of Sanguang Divine Water is needed to make the World Tree mature. Where can I get Sanguang Divine Water?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

He is very much looking forward to the fact that this world tree will mature as soon as possible and be used by him.

correct!

Will there be Three Lights Divine Water on the second floor of the Holy Land?

"Hey! This is..."

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, he suddenly sensed something, his eyes lit up, and he looked up at Feng Xi's attic.

The next second, he turned his head again and looked at Xiao Luan'er's attic.

He sensed that Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er had left!

I don't know how these two broke through?

Thinking of this, he waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him, and Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er appeared in succession.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When the two girls saw Qin Feng, they were happy.

"Dad, my medicinal pills have been refined, and the level has risen!"

Xiao Luan'er happily ran to Qin Feng's side, her cute little face was full of joy.

Qin Feng looked at his daughter dotingly, and couldn't help showing a relieved smile.

This little girl has also risen to level 60, and her combat power has reached 1.2 million stars, which is a great improvement.

Not only that, but the little man has grown a lot taller, and has turned into the appearance of eleven or twelve years old. Gradually, he has a little girlish atmosphere, and the temperament of a peerless beauty embryo has become more and more obvious.

Qin Feng looked at Feng Xi again, feeling relieved again.

Feng Xi's progress is also great, and her combat power has broken through to 1.3 million stars.

The temperament of the whole person has become more and more attractive and beautiful!

Looking at its level, it has also risen to level 60.

As a result, the four messengers under his command: Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, and Qiyue have all risen to level 60, reaching the level threshold for participating in the Shenwu assessment.

And Qin Feng is level 65, and has already reached the assessment threshold.

In this way, the four Feng Xi people will not be held back in their ranks.

Of course, Qin Feng was not in a hurry to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

He also has a chance mission to be promoted to Xun Tian He Dao, which requires a heaven-level realm to complete.

If you break through the realm, you will automatically lose the big opportunity!

What's more, level 60 is the level standard for participating in the lower level Shenwu assessment.

You need level 70 to participate in the advanced Shenwu assessment!

The lower-level Shenwu assessment corresponds to the demigod realm.

The higher-level Shenwu assessment corresponds to the False God realm.

Qin Feng plans to pass the lower-level Shenwu assessment and the higher-level Shenwu assessment in succession after obtaining the sky-scanning-level combination, and be promoted to the False God realm in one fell swoop.

Such continuous customs clearance assessment, the rewards will be more generous!

Of course, the premise of all this is that he must first enter the second floor of the Holy Land.

"Master, count the time, there are still five hours left, the third round of hegemony is about to begin! How is the Tianwu assessment of our Long Yuan children?"

At this time, Feng Xi asked with concern.

Qin Feng smiled lightly: "It's almost the end! It's estimated that it will be all over in an hour or two!"

Feng Xi rejoiced: "It seems that this time went well! Then we have basically completed the preparations for Longyuan City, and we are waiting for the opening of the third round!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Yes! As long as the third round is completed, the Blue Star Realm's hegemony has come to an end. However, whether our Longyuan City can stand still depends on the third round!"

Feng Xi sighed: "Yeah! There will be a tough battle next! Old Ancestor Samsara and Old Ancestor of Time are both extremely terrifying beings! Even, there will be some old monsters hidden behind other mysterious forces!"

"Especially the top-ranked mysterious forces in each division have once appeared as candidates for star masters. There is a great possibility that there are False God old monsters hidden behind them, even old monsters in the true **** realm!"

As soon as these words fell, Xiao Luan'er felt a little uneasy.

"Sister Fengxi, according to what you say, this Blue Star Realm is not only the two hiders, the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years?"

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "Of course! Ordinary hiders, that is, the strength of the early to mid-stage False God realm, masters don't have to worry. It is the hiders who are above the limit of the False God. Those who are strong are the masters. Threat!"

Speaking of this, Feng Xi's tone was full of apprehension.

In her opinion, Qin Feng's comprehensive strength should reach the limit of False God.

Therefore, she believes that every False God extreme powerhouse will be a difficult opponent for Qin Feng.

If the Blue Star Realm only had the reincarnation ancestors and the old ancestors of the years, it would be enough, but in fact, there were other hidden False God extreme powerhouses.

Immediately, Xiao Luan'er asked with concern: "Sister Feng Xi, are there really other powerhouses at the level of the ancestors of Samsara hidden behind this Blue Star Realm?"

Feng Xi looked up to the sky and sighed: "Yes! According to the rules, after each competition for hegemony is over, a star master candidate will be born. Those star master candidates have a big chance, that is, the chance to enter the second floor of the Holy Land. "

"After they come out, their strengths have basically risen sharply, and the worst can even have the strength of the peak of the False God. After that, the star master candidates can participate in the star master assessment."

"Those who succeed in the assessment can be promoted to Star Master, thus truly unifying the Blue Star Realm. Those who fail the assessment have two choices. One is to choose to go to a stronger God's Domain and become stronger."

"The other option is to hide in the depths of the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations in the Blue Star Realm. Most of these lurking old monsters want to protect their family and refuse to leave the Blue Star Realm."