Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"And they have been lurking for a long time, and their strength will also improve. Some of them have broken through to the limit of false gods, and even broken through to the realm of true gods. And these people have a chance to play in the third round."

"Therefore, in the third round of each competition, there will be a lot of hiders. Especially behind the top-ranked forces in each division, there are bound to be hiders!"

After listening to this translation, Xiao Luan'er couldn't help but worry.

She looked at Qin Feng with some unease.

"Dad, it seems that the third round of hegemony is more complicated than we imagined! The enemies we have to face are not only the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years!"

Qin Feng was also a little surprised.

If it wasn't for Feng Xi's narration, he still wouldn't know that the dark tide behind this force was so turbulent.

It seems that the third round of hegemony is much more complicated than I imagined!

However, that's fine too!

In the future, if he wants to unify the Blue Star Realm, he still has to clean up these hidden old monsters!

He will not allow these hidden crises to lurk on his own territory.

If in the third round, it would be a good thing to be able to clean up all these old monsters.

Only in this way, the third round of hegemony has become even more thrilling!

At this time, Feng Xi said again: "Fortunately, there are not many hidden people in the Blue Star Realm! Most of those who have broken through to the False God Realm passed through the teleportation array on the Qingyue Star and went to the Star Field Headquarters. To become stronger."

"Less than one percent of the strong people who continue to stay in the Blue Star Realm. Among them, there are no more than ten people who are a threat to their masters, judging by their concubines."

ten people!

That's a lot!

Feng Xi continued: "Of course, if the master's comprehensive strength can reach the threshold of the true god, it is estimated that there will be less than five people who threaten you."

Hearing this, Qin Feng nodded slightly.

He also counted in his mind.

His basic combat power is 14.3 million stars, and his power of unity is 1.2 million stars.

The Sky Surveying Divine Wing, Xing Zhuxing Sword, Heaven Storage Divine Ring, and Sky Splitting Battle Armor can feed back 900,000 star combat power to him.

In this way, his comprehensive combat power has reached 16.4 million stars, and he has already entered the early stage of True God, which is higher than the threshold of True God.

In addition, the combat power of Jumang is 2 million stars, Fengxi is 1.3 million stars, Xiaoluan'er is 1.2 million stars, and Qiyue is 1 million stars.

The combined combat power of the four is 5.5 million stars.

According to the messenger can sacrifice 70% of the combat power, then it can sacrifice 3.85 million star combat power to Qin Feng.

In this way, Qin Feng's combat power can reach 20.25 million stars in his peak state, just over the goal of 2000 stars!

Such strength far exceeds Feng Xi's estimation!

What's more, Qin Feng has a lot of high-level talents, and with the same combat power, he can easily crush his opponents.

In addition, Di Jiang is also born soon.

If Di Jiang is born, his strength will skyrocket!

In addition, he also has a fission variant, which is refining the awakening heart lotus with all his strength.

If the refining is finished, his strength will skyrocket again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng feels that there is no need to worry too much!

Of course, he couldn't underestimate those hiders.

Those old monsters have been hiding for so many years, and their methods are extraordinary!

In this way, Qin Feng chatted with Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er about the current situation.

Since entering the world of killing the heavens, he has rarely had such free time.

Now, he has made all preparations, just waiting for the refining of the last awakening heart lotus.

At the same time, the Reincarnation and the Years were secretly preparing.

At the north pole of the Blue Star Realm, there is an endless glacier sea, where the temperature is minus 200 degrees all year round, which is extremely cold.

This place is called the 'Northern Underworld Sea Area', and it is one of the most recognized dangerous places in the Blue Star Realm.

But on this day, an old man appeared in the sky above the North Nether Sea.

That old man is none other than the reincarnation ancestor!

As soon as the reincarnation ancestor appeared, he overlooked the entire glacier sea.

Finally, his eyes fell on one of the icebergs and he smiled.

"Fellow Daoist Beiming, can we meet?"

Boom!

As soon as those words fell, a huge roar sounded from the iceberg in front of it, and it squirmed strangely.

The entire sea trembled, and the momentum was astonishing!

After a while, the iceberg turned into a giant with a height of ten thousand feet, slowly got up, and stood up.

In the next second, the giant shrank rapidly and turned into a majestic bald-headed old man, wearing a white robe.

This old man is called Old Ancestor Beiming, and he is one of the top hiders in the Blue Star Realm.

As soon as the ancestor of Beiming appeared, he stepped out and came to the ancestor of reincarnation.

"Friend Samsara, according to the agreement, you should not disturb the old man's retreat!"

Old Ancestor Beiming looked at Old Ancestor Samsara with some displeasure.

He is a powerhouse in the early stage of True God, and he is a small realm higher than the reincarnation ancestor.

But he knew that the strength of the reincarnation ancestor surpassed his own realm and also reached the real **** realm.

Therefore, the ancestor of Beiming did not dare to underestimate the ancestor of reincarnation.

If others disturbed his cleaning, he would have slapped it into meat sauce!

Old Ancestor Samsara smiled apologetically: "This old man really shouldn't disturb fellow Daoist's cultivation! However, this time, there are some reasons for it!"

"what reason?"

"The old man wants to come out of the mountain and help the old man!"

The reincarnation ancestor bowed his hands politely.

Ancestor Beiming sneered: "If you want to find help, why don't you find your junior brother? You actually invited the old man here!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled bitterly: "The old man's junior brother has already been attacked by a small poisonous hand!"

The ancestor of Beiming was surprised: "Liu Dao has fallen? That's all! This old man has some friendship with your brothers and sisters! You invited me out of the mountain to avenge the Liu Dao?"

Ancestor Samsara sighed: "If it's just revenge, the old man alone is enough! That kid who killed my junior brother just used some despicable means and conspiracies, and his real strength is not that strong!"Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Bei Ming frowned: "Then why did you come to see the old man?"

The reincarnation ancestor sighed: "Hey! This is a long story. The old man originally thought that it would be enough to kill that kid."

"It's just that the old man didn't expect that the kid named Qin Feng, in the second round of hegemony, also got two second-level Holy Land Passes!"

"What? Holy Land Pass? Or two!"

Ancestor Beiming widened his eyes in shock, and the depths of his eyes were full of light.

Even if he is a true god, he can't resist the temptation of the Holy Land Pass!

The Holy Land recognizes the order not to recognize the person!

If he can get a pass, he can also enter the second floor of the Holy Land and enjoy the great opportunity that day!

In fact, he once went to the second floor of the Holy Land once and received many benefits.

He knows how powerful the chance of the second floor of the Holy Land is, even if he is in the early stage of True God, he can't resist this temptation.

At the moment, he wondered: "Fellow Daoist Samsara, why do you want to tell this old man such great news? You can kill Qin Feng alone and get two passes. At that time, you and Yuan Chu will both be able to do so. Entering the second floor of the Holy Land."

The ancestor of reincarnation smiled bitterly: "Then Qin Feng's child is not to be afraid of! The old man is worried about the ancestors of the years!"

The ancestor of Beiming was shocked: "The old monster of the years has also left?"

The ancestor of reincarnation nodded: "Yes! In this third round of hegemony, the ancestor of the years also intervened. He also knew that Qin Feng had two pass orders in his hand. The old man was worried that he was not an opponent, so he asked a fellow Taoist to help. !"

The ancestor of Beiming suddenly said: "So it is!"

The reincarnation ancestor said again: "I don't know if Daoist Beiming is willing to take action and help Samsara this time? As long as Daoist is willing to help, after killing Qin Feng's child, you and I will share the treasures on his body! The access order is also divided equally!"

The ancestor of Beiming hurriedly asked: "Daoist friend, what kind of strength does Qin Feng's child have?"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled and said: "There is a high probability that it is the peak of the False God, and at most it is the limit of the False God!"

The ancestor of Beiming laughed: "Haha! With such strength, it can be easily destroyed! It's worth it! The old man and your brothers and sisters should be avenging for the Six Paths! If the old ancestor of the years wants to fight, the old man will not let him. Succeed!"

The ancestor of Samsara was overjoyed: "So, fellow Daoist agrees! Then you and I go to the residence of the Samsara clan first. In a few hours, the third round will start!"

"it is good!"

Ancestor Beiming readily agreed.

"By the way, wait a minute, fellow Daoist! The old man still has a treasure, he must take it with him, and cannot stay in this bitter cold place!"

As soon as the voice fell, the ancestor of Beiming waved to the bottom.

Boom!

click! click! click!

Suddenly, the sea of ​​ice below shook violently!

Countless layers of ice have burst!

boom!

Immediately afterwards, a person-high white spirit egg rushed out from the bottom of the sea, bringing with it a huge wave that was ten thousand feet high.

In a blink of an eye, the spirit egg was in front of the ancestor of Beiming.

The reincarnation ancestor was curious, and looked at the spirit egg...

I saw that the spirit egg was all white, with a white aura emitting from it, and there were several innate divine patterns on the eggshell, and the breath was extraordinary.

[Gonggong Spirit Egg: The pinnacle of lower-level gods, water attributes. 】

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, it can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and it is loyal to the owner. 】

boom!

After reading the information, the reincarnation ancestor was shocked!

This is actually a rare low-grade god-level peak spiritual egg!

"Tsk tsk!! Fellow Daoist, I didn't expect you to have such a powerful pet egg! This is a big chance!"

The reincarnation ancestor's tone is full of envy!

Old Ancestor Beiming smiled proudly: "I just got it soon! It's just luck!"

As soon as the words fell, he put away the Gonggong Spirit Egg, and didn't want to get entangled on this topic.

"Fellow Daoist! Let's go!"

The ancestor of Beiming took the initiative to urge!

"it is good!"

Immediately, the two flew towards the direction of the reincarnation clan.

Chapter 593: Divine Pupil Evolution! Know the Holy Lotus!

Just as the reincarnation ancestor was looking for help, the Suiyue Clan was also making some preparations.

At the same time, the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, eighth, and tenth divisions, the mysterious forces ranked first, are also secretly making some preparations.

Feng Xi's analysis was right, the mysterious forces that ranked first in each division had hidden supporters behind them.

After all, these first-name forces have all been candidates for star masters in history, and they have a very deep background.