Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Their appearance on Longyuan City!

Very dissatisfied!

Just a challenge force, it has actually become the suffocating force in the first division.

This can only show that the Liudao clan, the top power in the first division, is too useless!

The Six Dao Clan, which had maintained the top spot for more than seven thousand years, actually fell in this session.

Many races thought that the Six Dao Clan would have a star master candidate in this session.

According to the agreement of the big man behind the forces of this world, it is also the turn of the Sixth Dao Patriarch to be a candidate this time.

This is the default protocol of the hiders!

Reincarnation ancestors, old ancestors of years, ancestors of Beiming and other hidden masters have all participated in the agreement.

The battle of the forces is like a game in their eyes!

It's just that no one thought that Qin Feng was born and overturned the six ancestors!

This completely disrupted the plans of the big guys!

The previous agreement is naturally void!

The powerful powers will come out to grab this year's star master candidate.

So, the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of years have left the customs one after another!

The rest of the hiders are weaker in strength, and they dare not compete with the ancestors of reincarnation and ancestors.

But they didn't pay attention to Qin Feng from the beginning to the end, and they were extremely unconvinced.

In the next third round of hegemony, those hidden masters will do some operations on Longyuan City.

What's more, the fact that Qin Feng got the pass has long been spread throughout the entire star world, and there is no hidden person who can't be moved.

It is also the loner who has no family power, such as the ancestor of Beiming, who will find out the truth at the last moment!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, there was only one hour and 20 minutes left before the start of the third round.

At this moment, the sky above Longyuan City.

Qin Feng, Feng Xi, Qi Yue, Xiao Luan'er, and Jumang all looked at the sky expectantly.

They are waiting for the opening of the third round of hegemony!

Below, the disciples of Long Yuan are also waiting.

Having said that, the current Long Yuan has greatly increased in strength!

Everyone is a sky-level powerhouse, and none of them has a combat power lower than 100,000 stars.

The combat power of most of the children is between 120,000 and 150,000 stars.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

It is equivalent to saying that the disciples of Long Yuan are all combat power above the peak of the sky.

Among them, more than 100 people's combat power has entered more than 200,000 stars, reaching the initial stage of demigods.

The combat power of Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan exceeded 300,000 stars.

And the three of them have ninth-order superb weapons!

With the help of weapons, their combat power has broken through 400,000 stars, and they have entered the threshold of the middle stage of demigods.

In short, the strength of Longyuan City now has been reborn, and it has more than doubled!

Qin Feng is very pleased with such a change.

His hard work paid off!

According to this progress, one day, Long Yuan will be like a dragon, proud of the stars and the sea!

But at this moment, on the square.

Long Yuan's disciples looked up at the sky one by one, waiting for the start of the game, all looking a little nervous.

In the Long Yuan chat channel, the chat has been hot for a long time!

"Brothers, in another hour and twenty minutes, the third round of hegemony will begin. This will also be the last round of hegemony in the Blue Star Realm!"

"Yeah! This round of hegemony is very important! If we lose, we will fall back into a mysterious force, or even die!"

"Upstairs, when you say that, little sister is so worried!"

"Everyone, did you find it? When we came to this world, apart from the mysterious forces, the guardian forces, and the challenge forces, we didn't find there were any forces to control the sky!"

"Yeah! Could it be that after the third round of the competition, the Suppressing Heaven forces will also disappear?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was curious.

At this moment, the head of Granny Feng Qi jumped up.

Granny Feng Qi: "Everyone, the real power to suppress the sky is the only power to unify the Blue Star Realm! At present, our Longyuan City has only temporarily become the power to suppress the sky, which means that we have the potential to unify the Blue Star Realm."

"I still have a long way to go to become a real power to suppress the sky. Only by unifying the Blue Star Realm can Longyuan City become a power to suppress the sky permanently. But it's too difficult to unify, and every competition for hegemony, no such force can do it. !"

"Because of this, after each competition for hegemony, many of the forces that control the sky have retreated into mysterious forces!"

After listening to these words, Long Yuan's children suddenly felt in their hearts.

Afterwards, more curiosity emerged in the hearts of everyone.

Liu Xuan: "Mother-in-law, it doesn't mean that the third round of hegemony is over, and the leader of the only winning force will become a Star Clan candidate! Since he is the only winning force, doesn't it mean that the Blue Star Realm is unified?"

Granny Feng Qi smiled bitterly: "That doesn't count! If you want to become a permanent force to suppress the sky, the leader of that force must become a star master!"

"Only the forces under the Star Master are the permanent forces to suppress the sky, and they can be considered to truly unify the Blue Star Realm. From then on, Heavenly Dao will not arrange for challenge forces to come every thousand years."

"The curse of the various forces in the Blue Star Realm will also be lifted, but the star master must be recognized as the master, and all of them will become the servants of the star master."

Liu Xuan: "So that's how it is!"

Granny Feng Qi sighed: "It's too early for us to talk about this! We still think about whether we can win this third round of hegemony! This is a matter of our life and death!"

"Yeah! The next game is the most important thing!"

"I'm a little nervous when I think of the next game!"

At this moment, everyone was a little nervous.

Granny Feng Qi: "Even the old man is a little nervous! The rules of each third round of hegemony are different. I don't know what the rules of this competition are? I hope it will be beneficial to our Longyuan City!"

Liu Xuan: "Wait! The game is about to start. What the rules are, we will know soon."

At the moment, Long Yuan up and down silently waited for the start of the game, feeling a little uneasy in his heart.

Everyone is worried that the rules of the new round of competition will be detrimental to Longyuan City?

At the same time, above the sky.

Qin Feng had already seen the content of everyone's chat, and he was somewhat worried.

He also cares about the rules of the next game!

That may be a key point of victory or defeat!

Of course, if he had enough strength, he wouldn't care about that at all.

However, his strength is not strong enough, ignoring any strong person in the Blue Star Realm.

To put it bluntly, if he wants to become the final winner, he has to continue to become stronger!

That Awakening Heart Lotus is really difficult to refine!

His fission body has not been refined yet!

I don't know when it will be finished refining?

Also, it will take seven or eight hours for Di Jiang to be born!

Seven or eight hours later, the game has already started.

That little guy was destined to be born in battle!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was a little anxious.

Whether it is refining the awakening heart lotus, or the birth of Di Jiang, it will greatly help him improve his strength.

"Master, I just checked. If we move up Longyuan City, we will become Longyuan Sanctuary. But to be promoted to Longyuan Sanctuary, we need to upgrade Longyuan City to level 13 first!"

At this time, Feng Xi's voice sounded in Qin Feng's ears.

Qin Feng's heart moved.

right!

If Longyuan City is upgraded, it can also improve his strength.

Immediately, he said: "So, we have to find a way to upgrade the 10th-level Longyuan City to the 11th level. What conditions are we still missing from the 11th-level city?"

Feng Xi hurriedly said: "Originally, there were three conditions! Now, everyone in Longyuan City is a heaven-level powerhouse, and the most difficult condition has been completed. At present, there are only two conditions left."

"The first condition is: the number of 'lords' awarded reaches 15, and we only have 10."

"The second condition is: the number of sites has reached more than 300, and we are now 277."

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "The first condition, we can complete it at any time. I have 5 ready-made titles of **** cards in my hand."

It turned out that after Long Yuan was promoted to the city, he established the 'Professional Hall'.

In the professional hall, there is a title **** card for sale.

Qin Feng wanted to confer a human-level title on his messenger, so he did not confer a title for a long time.

If there is a need, he can grant it at any time, so that the number of Lords can reach the standard.

Thinking of this, he said: "So, our Longyuan City is only one condition away from the 11th-level city, that is, the number of sites is less than 300."

Feng Xi sighed: "Yeah! That's all that's left! Now, the second round of hegemony is over. We won't get the title deed card if we occupy any guardian forces. Only by destroying the mysterious forces can we get the title deed card. !"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It seems that if we want to expand our territory, we can only attack the mysterious forces in other divisions and **** their territory."

Feng Xi smiled bitterly: "That's the only way! However, if they surrender voluntarily, they can hand over the land deed cards. As long as the number of our sites reaches 300, Longyuan City can be upgraded, and the master's strength can be greatly increased."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "When the site reaches 300, my 100,000-star combat power will be automatically unlocked!"

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Yes! Master, if you unlock the 100,000-star feedback, your strength will skyrocket! It seems that the third round of hegemony and expanding the number of sites will also be our main task!"

Qin Feng smiled and was about to speak.

But in the next second, he seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up!

At the same moment, an earth-shattering roar sounded in his sea of ​​consciousness.

Heaven also sent a reminder

[Refining and awakening the heart lotus succeeded! Your eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body, consciousness, mana, alaya, and amara are merging.]

00

【Fusion is successful! You gave birth to the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind (flower bud)', your SSS-level talent nine consciousness awakened and reached a perfect state! 】

[Congratulations on giving birth to the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind (flower bud)', your power of divine consciousness has been doubled, and the scanning range of divine consciousness has reached 2 million miles]

[Reminder: The range of False God’s limit of consciousness is 500,000 miles, the initial stage of True God is 1 million miles, and the mid-stage of True God is 2 million miles]

[Congratulations on giving birth to the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind (flower bud)', your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and the combat power has increased by +150,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your 'Sacred Lotus of Mind (flower bud)' is actively merging with your divine eye of punishment]

hum!

At this moment, between Qin Feng's eyebrows, the looming red line was erected, shooting out a holy white light.

This suddenly shocked Feng Xi's three daughters and Jumang!

The next second, Qin Feng's breath began to skyrocket wildly!

【Fusion is successful! Your Heavenly Punishment God Eye is integrated with the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind (flower bud)', which automatically evolves to the peak level of the mid-grade **** rank, and you have obtained a 250,000-star permanent combat power feedback]

【Your divine eye of punishment has evolved successfully! Its accompanying skill "God Punishment Divine Light" will automatically be promoted to the level of "Middle Grade Divine Rank Peak"]

click! click! click!

At this moment, the vertical red line between Qin Feng's eyebrows slowly cracked, revealing his golden pupils.