Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In the depths of that pupil, there is a white lotus flower with nine petals in total.

That is the holy lotus of Qin Feng's mind, which has been merged into the **** of punishment.

At this time, the sacred lotus of consciousness is in a bud state, and the nine buds are wrapped together.

Each petal represents a kind of divine consciousness!

When the Holy Lotus of Consciousness is in full bloom, it is the time when the Punishment Divine Eye has advanced to the high-grade divine rank.

At this point, the fusion is completely complete!

Qin Feng's brows and eyes slowly closed.

The next second, he slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

He finally refined the Awakening Heart Lotus before the opening of the third round.

call out!

At this moment, the white light flashed!

The fission body hidden in the zero-degree space is actively integrated into Qin Feng's body.

Afterwards, Qin Feng looked at himself and showed joy again.

After refining the Awakening Heart Lotus, his divine sense and divine punishment eyes have been strengthened a lot!

His basic combat power has also skyrocketed to 14.7 million stars!

If you count the sacrifices of the three daughters of Jumang and Fengxi, the comprehensive combat power can reach 20.65 million stars, which is close to the mid-term threshold of True God.

2000-star combat power is exactly the threshold of the mid-term True God!

In short, his strength has skyrocketed!

For the next competition, he has more confidence

Chapter 594 New rules for the competition! Faction battle!

"Owner!"

"dad!"Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Seeing Qin Feng open his eyes, Feng Xi's three daughters and Jumang quickly stepped forward to ask.

"Dad, have you made another breakthrough?"

Xiao Luan asked curiously.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "The awakening heart lotus was finally refined by me, which increased my strength a lot!"

As soon as these words fell, the three women and Xiaojumang were all overjoyed.

They naturally hope that Qin Feng will become stronger and stronger!

Boom!

At this moment, the sky suddenly shook!

The voice of Tiandao resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: After an hour, the third round of points competition will start, and the rules of the competition will be announced in advance]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm became a sensation!

The rules of the game will be announced!

All the forces looked up and raised their ears one by one, listening nervously.

Long Yuan was stationed, and there was an uproar in the floating city square!

"Everyone, Tiandao is going to announce the rules of the competition!"

"Yeah! I don't know, will the rules of the game be beneficial to us?"

"I don't know!"

"Hey! It makes me nervous!"

At this moment, Long Yuan was extremely nervous.

Everyone was anxiously waiting.

In the air, Qin Feng also looked up at the sky and waited silently.

Tiandao's reminders continue to come

【The rules of the game are as follows】

[In this round of competition, the battle will be fought in a camp situation, and there will be three camps of red, blue and green]

[Longyuan City is the leader of the red side, the Samsara tribe is the leader of the blue side, and the Suiyue tribe is the leader of the green side]

[Mysterious forces can choose voluntarily, which side to join, and must complete the choice before the start of the game]

[Once the camp is selected, it cannot be changed! 】

[The forces of the same faction need to obey the dispatch of the leaders, and do not kill each other]

[Killing each other with different camps can get rich points, combat power, and energy value rewards. 】

【This round starts the surrender mode! Only the leaders of the forces of Longyuan City, the Samsara clan, and the years have the authority to accept the surrender of hostile forces. 】

[The surrendered forces will lose the qualification to continue the competition and will be punished accordingly]

[Accept the surrender of the loser, and the winner will get double the reward. 】

[For example, if you kill all the surrenderers, you can get 1 million points and 1 million star combat power rewards. If the loser surrenders and the winner is willing to accept it, the winner will get double the reward, that is, 2 million points and 2 million star power]

[The winner can also refuse to surrender to the loser, and has the authority to insist on killing them all]

Hearing this, Qin Feng was a little surprised!

This third round has a surrender mode!

Obviously, Tiandao wants to protect those mysterious forces and give them a chance to survive!

After all, it is not easy to cultivate a mysterious force.

Surrender doesn't necessarily work, though!

If the victor is unwilling to accept the surrender of the other party, there is only the fate of being destroyed, which is also permitted by heaven.

And there are only three people who have the authority to accept the surrender of the enemy!

They are Qin Feng, Yuan Chu, and Tai Shi.

They are the leaders of Longyuan City, Reincarnation Clan, and Suiyue Clan.

The ancestors of reincarnation and the old ancestors of the years are behind the scenes, not the leaders of the forces.

This is based on refining the land deed card and mastering the divine artifact.

Whoever masters the land deed card and the sacred artifact of the power station is the leader of the power.

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[This round adopts a points system! The team with the highest total points will be judged as the winner! 】

[The leader of the Tiantian forces of the winning camp was elected as this year's star master candidate]

[Time limit for this round: seven days]

[Reminder: After this round of competition, if Longyuan City, Wuzhuangguan Town, and Guangming Town are not the winning camp, the number of sites will be automatically reduced, and only one site can be saved]

[If Longyuan City, Wuzhuangguan Town, and Guangming Town belong to the winning camp, you can continue to maintain the existing number of sites]

Hearing this prompt, Long Yuan was in an uproar!

Qin Feng was also enlightened in his heart.

Obviously, after this third round of hegemony, if Longyuan City cannot win, it will be like other mysterious forces, and only one site will remain.

Of course, Longyuan City can also develop a station!

The station can be different from the site!

In addition to the ability to build teleportation arrays, the station can no longer build other public buildings, and will lose many convenient functions.

Of course, these are just little things!

More importantly, there is only one site left, which means that Longyuan City cannot be upgraded in the future, so it stopped.

Qin Feng will also not be able to unlock it, and the higher level of combat power will feed back!

This will seriously affect the development of Qin Feng and Long Yuan!

"Dad, the last reminder seems to be aimed at us!"

Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

The little guy's tone was full of worry.

Feng Xi also said: "Yeah! Limiting the number of sites is to curb the external expansion of the challenging forces, so that the challenging forces can no longer be upgraded!"

"The original power upgrade is the unique advantage of the challenging power. If the third round fails, we will no longer be favored by heaven like other mysterious powers!"

Speaking of this, Feng Xi was filled with emotion.

Her tone is a matter of gain and loss!

Qin Feng pondered: "After all, the third round is the last battle for hegemony! If we fail, we will become a member of the mysterious force, or even die out. It seems that if we want to develop Longyuan, we must win Let's go to the third round!"

Feng Xi nodded: "Only by winning this game can we continue to maintain the advantage of the challenging forces!"

Qin Feng also nodded slightly.

He also wants to promote Longyuan City to Longyuan Sanctuary!

He also wants to get 100,000-star combat power back, or even 200,000-star, 500,000-star combat power.

If he wants to maintain the advantage of this challenging force, he must win this round of competition!

This advantage is very important to him and Long Yuan!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart!

The third round of hegemony!

He must win!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Please start to choose a faction from all the mysterious forces, you must complete the selection before the game starts]

[Those who do not choose after the timeout will be judged to give up the competition automatically and will be severely punished! 】

【Countdown now: 60:00:0059:59:5959:59:58】

As soon as this reminder came out, the entire Blue Star Realm became a sensation again!

All the mysterious forces are tense!

They must make a choice within an hour!

Otherwise, it is equivalent to abandoning the game and will be severely punished!

At this moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel, everyone chatted nervously.

"Everyone, why do I feel that the rules of this game are very unfavorable to us?!"

"Yeah! I think so too! Let those mysterious forces choose their faction according to their own wishes. Will they choose us? How can I not feel it!"

"Hey! I don't think so either! The Samsara and the Suiyue Clan are both old-fashioned forces and have long been famous. And our Longyuan City is just a new force. How could those mysterious forces choose us?"

"Yeah! After all, it's a competition that concerns the interests of one's own clan. Who would dare to neglect it?"

"Everyone, according to what you said, maybe there is no power to choose us? If this is the case, it will be too embarrassing!"

"Upstairs, this is no longer an embarrassing problem, but a problem that is greatly detrimental to us, even a matter of life and death!"

"Yeah! This round of competition is based on the total points of the faction. If there are fewer forces willing to choose us, then our ability to obtain points will be reduced, and the possibility of failure will be great! "

"Damn it! Heavenly Dao arranged this way, isn't it just tricking us!"