Playvolume00:00/01:37
Truvid
fullScreen

A soldier ant was split in half.

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

 …

A lot of energy is being harvested.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The queen ant screamed furiously.

At this time, Qin Feng found that the queen ant was extremely fat, her legs and feet were almost degenerated, and it was difficult to move.

It seems that it has no offensive ability by itself, and it relies on manipulating the ant colony to kill the enemy.

However, it encountered such a powerful existence as Qin Feng.

Its ant army can't resist Qin Feng at all!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 13 Gold Devouring Soldier Ant and gained +670 energy points. 】

...

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to finally slaughter more than a hundred soldier ants.

His energy value skyrocketed.

Ha ha!

Now it's the queen's turn.

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and killed the queen.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The queen ant screamed in horror, her eyes glowing with silver light.

Om~!

An invisible wave of thoughts shrouded Qin Feng.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

cut~!

This ant queen actually wanted to control him with her mind!

Qin Chuan sneered.

His idea talent is also D-level, how can he be affected by this idea.

At the moment, the wave of thoughts enveloped Qin Feng.

But Qin Feng had no influence, and the speed did not decrease at all.

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of the queen ant.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

puff~!

After screaming a few times, the queen ant suddenly opened her mouth and spewed out a large amount of transparent mucus, like a torrential rain, pouring down on Qin Feng.

This is?

Qin Feng was startled, and subconsciously turned on Xuanjing's armoring.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, his whole body was covered with crystal armor, like a mecha **** of war.

The next second, the transparent mucus fell on the crystal armor.

sigh~! sigh~! sigh~!

After a while, the crystal armor was rapidly corroded by the mucus, wisps of blue smoke emerged, and it continued to corrode inward.

Fuck it~!

This is formic acid!

Its corrosive power is extremely terrifying, and it can melt metalized iron and melt crystal armor.

It must not be allowed to corrode any further.

puff~!

But at this moment, the queen spit out a big mouth again.

At this moment, a look of joy appeared in its eyes.

It turns out that these formic acids are its last killer.

It was to kill Qin Feng by surprise, melting the humans in front of him with formic acid.

Wow~! La~! La~!

In an instant, those formic acids fell on Qin Feng again, and the corrosion speed accelerated.

Poof~!

The queen spit out a third mouthful.

Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body burst into black-red flames, burning violently.

Hellfire unleashed!

In that instant, he turned into a flame war god.

Whoa~la~la!

The slime falls!

sigh~~!

All of them turned into blue smoke in the flames, and Qin Feng could not be hurt in the slightest.

Swish~!

Immediately afterwards, a sky-penetrating knife light, several meters long, slashed towards the queen.

Squeak~! Squeak~! Squeak~!

The queen ant screamed in horror.

It did not expect that its formic acid killer would be cracked so quickly.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, it condensed black iron armor all over its body, exuding an attractive metallic luster.

This is also its last resistance!

The next second, the knife light falls!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Slurry splash!

The queen's head was split in half!

[Successfully kills the 13th-level Gold Devourer Queen (King-level) and obtains +6000 energy points. 】

[Successfully kills the 13th-level Gold Devourer Queen (King-level), and gains +4 reputation. 】

[Successfully killed the 13th-level gold-devouring ant queen (king level), and the quest item - King's Heart Core (Gold)]

[Killing the level 13 gold-devouring ant queen (king level) successfully, the silver treasure chest exploded. 】

Ha ha!

The second king core is in hand!

A silver treasure chest was also revealed!

good! good!

Qin Feng was delighted, he stepped forward quickly, and put away the core of the king.

So far, he has collected two kinds of cores in his map opening task.

There are still three cores left to collect.

Having said that, the task of opening a map in 911 Village is much more difficult than any other village.

Because the resources of 911 Village have doubled several times in a row.

This has increased the number of beasts around the five king beasts several times.

As a result, the task of opening a map in 911 Village is several times more difficult than other villages, and may even be ten times more difficult.

However, Qin Feng is still very confident in himself.

After collecting the core, he picked up the silver treasure chest again.

Silver treasure chest!

Including the one in front of him, he has a total of thirteen.

If outsiders find out about this, they will be envious to death.

Qin Feng feels cool when he thinks about it!

At the moment, he was going to open the treasure chest after cleaning the battlefield.

Thinking of this, he began to clear the battlefield.

Before long, the battlefield was cleared.

The corpses of those soldier ants have long been extracted by him, and there is no extraction value.

Two ant-devouring generals!

One gives him 3 Strength stats.

One gave him a new talent - F-Class Haptic Enhancement.

As a result, among Qin Feng's six senses, only the taste talent has not been awakened.

Finally, the queen ant provided him with a D-level talent - Golden Control.

So far, the harvest is full.

Qin Feng was very satisfied.

Afterwards, he took out the thirteen silver treasure chests and a gold treasure chest, preparing for a feast of opening the treasure chests.

Looking at the shiny gold and silver treasure chest in front of him, he was a little excited.

Then, he picked up a silver treasure chest and prepared to open it.

[Reminder: Liu Xuan sent you a private chat request. 】

"Hey! Liu Xuan is looking for me?"

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he quickly put down the treasure box in his hand and entered the private chat channel.

As soon as he entered the channel, he saw Liu Xuan's avatar beating and kept sending communication requests to him.

Qin Feng quickly connected, and a message came from there.

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng, I just killed a level 7 mutant beast, and a very interesting item was revealed. I want to make a deal with you."

At this moment, Liu Xuan was a little excited.