Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey! It seems so!"

"That's not good!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in Long Yuan was a little uneasy.

At this time, Liu Xuan's head jumped and ran out to comfort everyone.

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, let's not think too much about it! Maybe some mysterious forces are more discerning. I think that we can be promoted directly from the challenge force to the sky-suppressing force. There must be something extraordinary! Maybe, they will choose us. ?"

"Liu Xuan has some truth in what he said!"

"Yeah! I think everyone, don't think so much, just wait for the news! Let's see what choices those forces will make?"

"Hey! It can only be like this!"

In this way, Long Yuan is anxiously waiting for the choice of those mysterious forces.

At the same time, above the sky.

Qin Feng also thought of this layer, and felt a little uneasy in his heart.

At this time, Feng Xi's voice also sounded in his ear.

"Master, do you think how many mysterious forces will choose our red camp this time?"

Qin Feng smiled bitterly: "I'm worried about none of them! If my expectations are not bad, many mysterious forces will despise us in their bones!"

As soon as these words fell, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were a little uneasy.

However, Jumang's small mouth curled up, a little unconvinced.

In his opinion, Longyuan City is the strongest in the world. Whoever dares to look down on Longyuan City must be careful with his fists!

"Dad, if there is no force to join our red camp, then we will use our own strength to deal with many of their forces. The situation is not good!"

Xiao Luan'er also spoke up.

She sounded worried!

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "Actually, you don't need to worry too much! In the end, the outcome of this competition depends on the strength of the strongest! If I can defeat the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of years! No matter how many they are, It's useless!"

Hearing this, Feng Xi and the others nodded slightly.

It seems that the final outcome depends on the master!

At the moment, Qin Feng and his party stopped talking, waiting for the choices of those forces

At the same time, in the second division, in a hidden valley.

An elegant middle-aged man, standing outside a simple wooden house, respectfully saluted the wooden door.

"Ancestor, the third round of competition is about to begin. Now Tiandao asks us to choose a camp, which side should we White Demons choose?"

The middle-aged man asked respectfully.

This man is called Bai Ye, and he is the patriarch of the White Demon Clan!

The White Demons are the top ten mysterious forces in the second division.

The mysterious forces in the second division have always followed their lead!

Therefore, the faction choice of the White Devils has a great influence!

At this moment, an old voice came from inside the wooden house!

"Ye'er, in the three-party camp, 3.9 Red Fang Longyuan City is not worth mentioning, and you don't need to consider it at all! A challenge force, relying on luck and means, can reach that level, and it has reached its peak!"

The sound in the wooden house is very vicissitudes.

Bai Ye's expression was extremely respectful.

Because the people in the house are the biggest support of their family - the ancestor of the white devil, a virtual **** of extreme power!

"Ancestor, I also think that Longyuan City is not worth mentioning! Apart from Longyuan City, should we choose the Suiyue Clan or the Reincarnation Clan?"

Bai Ye asked respectfully again.

Inside the house, the white devil ancestor pondered for a while.

After a while, his voice came out of the house again.

"Ye'er, this time, we will choose the Suiyue family. The friendship between the old man and the old ancestor of the old age is deeper than that of the old ancestor of Samsara!"

"Ancestor, I understand!"

At the moment, Bai Ye gave a salute and began to operate the selection.

At the same time, similar things are happening in all major regions.

Those mysterious forces, when faced with a choice, will ask the hiders behind them.

Without exception, those forces do not look at Longyuan City, and no one dares to choose Longyuan City

Those who are entangled in power, are they choosing the Samsara clan or the ageing clan?

Of course, there is one power exception!

That is Wuzhuangguan Town!

They are discussing whether to support Longyuan City?

This is about the life and death of a family, and they have to be cautious

Chapter five hundred and ninety-fifth Zhouyi prediction! Tiance Mystery!

At this moment, in the chat channel of Wuzhuangguan, there has been a lot of noise.

"Brothers, Heaven forces us to make a choice! If we don't choose, we will be punished! What should we do?"

"What is there to consider?! It must be supporting Longyuan City!"

"Yes! Support Longyuan City! That is the force established by our compatriots Longbi!"

"But... Judging from the current situation, Longyuan City is obviously weak! If we choose Longyuan City, we will definitely not escape the fate of failure!"

"Yeah! I also think that if we choose Longyuan City, we will fail 99% of the time!"

"Hey! What can we do then? We can't just watch our compatriots fall into desperation, right? Let me not care about Longyuan City's life or death, I can't do it!"

"Yeah! I can't do it either! We can't think that we will lose, and we don't care about the life and death of our compatriots! Besides, the game has not yet started. Who will win? It's not certain?"

"That's right! Even if there is only a 1% chance, we have to give it a try!"

"It makes sense! The universe is uncertain, you and I are both dark horses! Who said that if you support Longyuan City, you will lose?"

"Upstairs is so right! I'm willing to give it a go! Support Longyuan City! Besides, even if we really lose. At the last moment, we can choose to surrender! Isn't the way of heaven allowed to surrender? That can keep the front line. vitality!"

"Hehe! Upstairs, don't forget, the faction leader also has the authority to refuse to accept surrender! If one does not manage well, our Wuzhuangguan will die without a place to be buried!"

"Then what should we do? We can't watch Longyuan City fall into dire straits without helping us, can we? Are we still compatriots?"

"Hey! I don't know what to do! I think this matter, let the watcher handle it!"

"That's right! Let the spectator make up his mind! No matter what the spectator chooses, I will support it unconditionally!"

"I also support it unconditionally!"

At this moment, the audience of Wuzhuang was arguing about whether to support Longyuan City.

Everyone wanted to support Longyuan City very much in their hearts, but they were afraid of the fate of being destroyed, so they were a little undecided.

To put it bluntly, the disciples of Wuzhuangguan are not optimistic about the strength of Qin Feng and Longyuancheng.

In their opinion, Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng are only afraid that 99% of the time they will lose, and they will be indecisive, entirely out of the love of their compatriots.

In fact, as long as Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng have a chance of winning, they will firmly support Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng!

In the end, the result of their discussion was that everything was decided by the Guanzhu Qingchengzi!

At this moment, in the mayor's wooden house in Qingchengzi.

Qingchengzi and several confidant disciples gathered together to discuss the important matter of choosing a camp.

Those disciples had 22 frowning faces, all worrying about choosing Longyuan City.

Qingchengzi also had a calm expression on his face, as if he was indecisive.

At this time, Wang Keng's voice sounded in the field.

"Master, there's already a lot of noise in the chat channel! We also have to make a decision. If we don't choose after the time limit, we will not only lose our qualifications, but also be punished by heaven!"

Qingchengzi took a deep breath: "How do you think you should choose?"

"This"

Wang Keng hesitated.

Afterwards, he smiled bitterly and said, "I am willing to support Longyuan City. I am afraid that I will fail in the end, and let Wuzhuangguan sacrifice more than 12,000 lives in vain! Therefore, my disciples don't dare to talk nonsense!"Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

As soon as his words fell, another young man in a Taoist robe took over.

"Master, let's analyze the pros and cons! If we support Longyuan City, there is a 99% chance of failure. The consequences of failure are serious!"

"If we are lucky, we can survive some of our children and become normal mysterious forces. If we are unlucky, Wuzhuangguan will disappear completely!"

"If we don't support Longyuan City and choose to support the Samsara clan, or the Suiyue clan, then we have a great chance of victory!"

"What's more beneficial is that if we are in the victorious camp, then we can continue to maintain the upgrade advantage of the challenging forces, which will be of great benefit to our future development!"

As soon as these words fell, Wang Keng retorted!

"Third Senior Brother, even if we don't choose Longyuan City, we choose the Suiyue clan or the Samsara clan, are you sure we will win? Then how do you know whether the Suiyue clan will win or the Samsara clan will win?"

"This"

The three senior brothers were suddenly unable to answer.

After all, this choice is itself a gamble.

But then, he sighed: "I can't tell! However, whether you choose the Suiyue clan or the Samsara clan, there is a 50% chance of winning."

"If you choose Longyuan City, it's almost dead. Do we have to make such a choice knowing that it is death?"

Wang Keng was annoyed: "If you don't choose Longyuan City, don't you think you can't fight with your fellow Longyuan people in the next game!"

Third Senior Brother was taken aback: "This is it! I don't know what to say!"

"You two stop fighting! Let me think about it"

Qingchengzi interrupted their argument impatiently.

With 12,000 lives at stake, he didn't dare to make a rash decision.

At this moment, Qingchengzi's brows followed closely, looking up at the window, revealing the color of thought.

For a long time, he sighed: "That's it! That's it! We are all compatriots, we can't wait for the death! Even if we lose this time, let's choose to support Longyuan City! In this way, the old man will feel better on his conscience!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qingchengzi let out a long sigh, as if he had spit out the sullen breath that was suppressed in his heart.

Wang Keng also breathed a sigh of relief.

This decision is in line with his inner thoughts.

Even the three senior brothers nodded slightly in agreement.

Although the third senior brother is more rational and knows that choosing Longyuan City will definitely lose, but emotionally, he still prefers Longyuan City.

It's just that he doesn't have the courage to make that kind of decision!

Now that the master has decided, he will no longer object.

Next, he will also go all out, everything is up to fate!

"Master, is this decided?"

Wang Keng confirmed again.

Qingchengzi nodded helplessly: "That's it! Go to the chat channel and announce it!"

"OK!"

Wang Keng quickly opened the chat channel, ready to announce the decision

"Hey! By the way! How did the old man forget about this?"

But at this moment, Qingchengzi seemed to think of something and slapped his head.