Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Wang Keng was startled: "Master, what's wrong?"

The rest of the disciples also looked at Qingchengzi in surprise!

I saw Qingchengzi raised his head, his eyes lit up and said, "I almost forgot as a teacher, but I have the original "Book of Changes" in my hand!"

Wang Keng frowned: "Master, if you have the original "Book of Changes", that won't change the situation! Is it possible that with it, you can help Longyuancheng win the game?"

Qingchengzi smiled bitterly: "That can't be! However, this "Book of Changes" is transformed from the pages of the book of the world, and it controls the number of human beings. Therefore, it has an ability to reach the sky, that is, it can be used to calculate the changes in personnel today and determine one thing. good and bad luck!"

Wang Keng's eyes lit up: "It's so amazing! Master, then you quickly calculate, if we choose to support Longyuan City, what will happen to the good and the bad?"

"Yeah! Master, quickly do the math! Do you think it's good or bad?"

The disciples also urged.

At this moment, everyone's curiosity has risen!

Qingchengzi pondered for a while and said: "There is an ugly word for the teacher, and it must be said first. No matter whether the result calculated in a while is good or bad, our decision to support Longyuancheng cannot be changed!"

"Even if it turns out that the result is a big murder, we have to support Longyuan City! Do you have any opinions?"

Hearing this, the disciples looked at each other face to face.

After a while, the disciples nodded slightly in agreement.

Seeing this, Qingchengzi waved his hand and summoned a quaint book, the "Book of Changes".

As soon as the "Book of Changes" appeared, it exuded the breath of ancient vicissitudes!

hum!

Qingchengzi stroked his palm, and the "Book of Changes" vibrated, slowly unfolded, and turned into a divine page.

In the pages of the present book, the original image is revealed!

Afterwards, Qingchengzi moved the seal again and again to control his divine page!

hum! hum! hum!

The golden light of the divine page continued to bloom, and a series of seal inscriptions appeared on it, which contained endless Dao rhyme.

Wang Keng and the others watched nervously with their eyes wide open.

They don't know the seal script, but at a glance, they can understand the meaning of the seal script.

They are: A, B, C, D, E, Ji, G, Xin, Ren, Gui.

This is exactly the ten days of dryness in Longyi culture!

hum! hum! hum!

Immediately afterwards, the page of the gods vibrated again, and a series of difficult and incomprehensible seal scripts emerged, but they allowed Wang Keng and others to understand their meaning.

They are: Zi, Chou, Yin, Mao, Chen, Si, Wu, Wei, Shen, You, Xu, Hai.

This is exactly the twelve earthly branches in the Longbi culture!

Afterwards, Qingchengzi moved the seals again and again, and began to arrange the heavenly stems and earthly branches, occupying the hexagrams.

Wang Keng and the others couldn't help holding their breaths, not daring to disturb them for half a minute.

At this moment, they are very uneasy in their hearts, they are all praying silently, the hexagram is a small murderer, not a big murderer!

Little fierce elephant, there is still a ray of opportunity left!

If it is a great evil, it is estimated that it is the scourge of genocide!

As for the hexagram, it is Xiaoji or even Daji.

They can't think of it!

How could it be auspicious to support Longyuan City?

In this way, Qingchengzi launched "Book of Changes" to speculate on good and bad luck.

At the same time, the mysterious forces in other divisions were also making their own decisions.

At this time, in the third competition area, the Baili Clan Hall.

A middle-aged man was sitting in the center of the hall.

He is the Patriarch of the Baili Clan - Baili Wuying.

On both sides below him, there are still nine strong men.

Those nine people are the patriarchs of the mysterious forces.

"Patriarch Baili, have you made a decision about which side to choose?"

"Yes! Patriarch Baili, I hope you make a choice as soon as possible. I will wait for the nine clans to advance and retreat with you!"

It turned out that the Baili tribe was the first mysterious force in the third division.

The rest of the nine major forces are all led by the Baili tribe.

Baili Wuying looked at the attitude of the nine patriarchs, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly, and he was very satisfied.

He enjoyed the feeling of being respected!

"Everyone, do you think it's appropriate to join that side?"

Baili Wuying picked up the fragrant tea in his hand and took a leisurely sip.

"Patriarch Baili, this old man thinks it's time to support the Samsara clan!"

"The concubine disagrees! The concubine feels that the Suiyue family is stronger!"

"No? Why do I think the reincarnation is stronger!"

At this moment, the nine patriarchs below argued.

Baili Wuying put down the teacup and smiled: "Everyone has been arguing about the Samsara clan and the Suiyue clan, why don't you mention Longyuan City?"

At the mention of Longyuan City, the nine people below showed disdain.

An old man in black robe even sneered: "Patriarch Baili, what kind of thing Longyuan City is, I can't be more clear about it. A small challenge force, relying on luck and luck, became the power of the sky, then It's over too!"

Another old woman agreed: "That's right! The old man also thinks that Longyuan City is not worth mentioning! It can only be said that the Six Dao Clan capsized in the gutter this time!"

Immediately afterwards, another middle-aged strong man laughed: "Under the current situation, there is no difference between choosing Longyuan City and choosing to die!"

As soon as these words fell, there was a burst of laughter in the field.

Baili Wuying also smiled.

Hearing that everyone belittled Longyuan City, his heart was very comfortable.

Like his Baili Clan and Liudao Clan, they are the largest clan in one side's competition area!

Even his Baili clan did not become a force to control the sky, but Longyuan City actually became a force to control the sky!

This made him feel a little jealous and a little disgusted in his heart!

That kind of disgust comes from the fact that the Six Dao Clan was destroyed by Long Yuan.

Make him feel sad about the death of a rabbit and a fox!

Just as everyone laughed, a majestic voice suddenly sounded above the hall.

"Wuying! This time, we support the Samsara clan!"

boom!

As soon as this sound came out, the whole audience was shocked!

An invisible breath also enveloped the audience in an instant!

At the moment, everyone raised their heads one after another, but they only heard his voice and saw no one!

Baili Wuying got up in fear and bowed his hands to the air.

"Ancestor, Wuying understands!"

It turned out that the person who spoke was the ancestor of the Baili clan, the ancestor of Baili, a peak False God!

After a while, the invisible breath dissipated.

Baili Wuying also breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he looked at the patriarchs.

"Everyone, do you understand? This time, my clan will support the Samsara clan!"

"I'll understand! I'll wait for the nine clans to support the Samsara clan together!"

Baili Wuying nodded slightly.

At the moment, a group of people began to operate the interface, ready to choose a camp

Such cases have occurred in all competition regions.

At this moment, in the sixth division, Guangming Town is stationed.

The white skin, stick, chrysanthemum, and Asan from Guangming Town are all cheering!

As soon as the rules of the game came out, they laughed.

In their opinion, the rules of this competition are extremely unfavorable to Longyuan City, and those Longyuan people are bound to die!

At this moment, Pope Paul's fat face was full of smiles.

Jin Erzhong, the stick on the side, is constantly flattering.

"Lord Pope, those Longbi people in Longyuan City are definitely dead this time, Smecta!"

Paul gloated and said, "Oh! God! That's how those inferior Longpin people should end up!"

Jin Erzhong asked again: "Sir Pope, which camp should we choose this time? Is it the Reincarnation Clan or the Years Clan?"

"Oh! That's a tough choice!"

Paul was also hesitant.

"Oh! Dear Mr. Jin Erzhong, we can do this. Let's see first, whether there are more forces supporting the Samsara clan or those who support the Suiyue clan. We will follow the party with more power!"

Speaking of which, a cunning light appeared in Paul's eyes.

Jin Erzhong hurriedly flattered: "Pope Smecta! You are still wise and talented!"

Crunch!

At this moment, behind the two 030 people, the sound of the door opening sounded.

The two looked back and saw Anna, staggering out of the mayor's wooden house.

Seeing Anna's unsteady appearance, Jin Erzhong's eyes showed a hint of sympathy.

Why!

The Pope was so angry before!

In order to vent the anger in his heart, he tortured Anna for three consecutive days.

"Oh! My dear little Anna! How did you come out?"

Paul beamed with joy when he saw Anna.

Right now, he is in a great mood!

He was inexplicably happy when he thought that Longyuan City was going to be unlucky.

Anna also said with a look of joy: "Dear Pope! The rules of this game seem to be good news for us!"

"Who said no?!"

Paul shrugged happily.

"Sir Pope, have you thought about it, have we chosen which camp?"

Anna has come over.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Paul laughed: "Oh! The **** choice, let it be delayed for a while. We have to make a decision at the last minute! My little Anna, the Pope is very happy now! Come with me back to the wooden house and have a drink together. Celebrate with red wine!"

Anna was stunned, as if thinking of something, and there was a trace of fear in her eyes.

However, she still nodded: "Okay, His Excellency Pope!"

The smile on Paul's face deepened.