Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Afterwards, he embraced Anna and entered the wooden house again.

Jin Erzhong looked at Anna's slender back, and the sympathy in his eyes became stronger

Whether the Pope is angry or happy, he is always so crazy!

What's more, the Pope's strength is getting stronger and stronger. I don't know how long Anna can last?

However, when he thought that Longyuan City was going to be unlucky, Jin Erzhong felt extra happy!

At the same moment, also in the sixth division.

The residence of the Tiance Clan, in a forbidden valley full of spiritual flowers.

A stunning woman wearing a black long dress, with delicate features, fair skin as snow, and a dignified temperament, was looking at the direction of the first competition area from afar, her eyes showing a contemplative color.

This stunning and dignified woman is the current patriarch of the Tiance Clan - Yu Xuanji.

The Tiance Clan is the number one mysterious force in the sixth division!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

And behind Yuxuan's fuselage, there was a little girl who was fifteen or sixteen years old, with bright eyes and white teeth, and she was also extremely beautiful and cute.

"Patriarch, have you thought about it, do you want to choose which faction?"

The little girl asked with concern.

Yu Xuanji pondered for a while: "Think about it! Support Longyuan City!"

"What?!"

The little girl opened her eyes in astonishment.

She thought the patriarch was crazy!

You have to choose to support Longyuan City!

"Patriarch! Are you joking?"

Yu Luo asked in disbelief.

Yu Xuanji said with a serious face: "Luo'er, I'm not kidding! You go to inform all the elders, come to the discussion hall, I have an important secret, and I want to make it public!"

"oh oh!"

Yuluo nodded, and left in despair.

She still couldn't believe that the patriarch really wanted to support Longyuan City, wouldn't that be death?

After Yu Luo left, Yu Xuanji looked in the direction of the first competition area and let out a long sigh.

"Hey! It's been more than 7,000 years! I don't know if the ancestor is right? It's really disturbing!"

As soon as the voice fell, she flashed and disappeared into the valley.

Chapter 596 The hexagram is difficult to understand! Good luck first!

Just when the Tiance Clan was about to hold a clan meeting, something happened in Wuzhuangguan.

At this moment, Wuzhuang View, inside the mayor's wooden house.

Qingchengzi's hand pinch seal!

On the **** page, a series of hexagrams emerged.

The results of the divination are out!

Qingchengzi hurriedly looked at the hexagram

Wang Keng and the others couldn't understand the hexagrams, so they held their breaths and waited for Qingchengzi to explain the hexagrams.

Qingchengzi first looked at this hexagram

I saw that the first hexagram is the Zhen hexagram, and the bottom is the Qian hexagram. When combined together, it is the Lei Tian Da Zhuang hexagram in the sixty-four hexagrams!

Seeing this hexagram, Qingchengzi's expression changed slightly!

Lei Tian Da Zhuang hexagram is the hexagram of Liu Chong!

In the number of hexagrams, the rush is fierce, and the combination is auspicious!

This hexagram is fierce!

Then look at the fourth line in the hexagram has been activated!

This Yao is the Gengwu Yao, and its six gods are the snake.

The opposite Yao is the first Yao Jiazi, whose six gods are Qinglong.

Jiazi and Gengwu clash!

Qinglong fights against the snake!

The son is Gui water, and the afternoon is Ding fire!

It is really incompatible!

This shows that there will be a **** battle of water and fire!

It can be said that dragons and snakes start to land, and blood stains the country!

Blue Dragon and Snake! must die!

This is a great evil!

The more Qingchengzi looked, the more frightened, the more uneasy he became!

Then, he looked at the change again!

The upper hexagram of the changed hexagram is the Kun hexagram, and the lower hexagram is the Qian hexagram!

Combined together, it is the Earth, Heaven and Tai hexagram in the sixty-four hexagrams!

boom!

Seeing this hexagram, Qingchengzi was shocked and his eyes lit up!

Ha ha!

Thai hexagram!

A rare auspicious hexagram among the sixty-four hexagrams!

Earth, Heaven and Tai is the hexagram of the Six Harmonies, and does it mean that it is extremely peaceful!

The overall hexagram is that after the great evil comes great luck!

It seems that if they support Longyuan City, they will go through some great dangers, but the final result will be auspicious, and the future will be bright!

Thinking of this, Qingchengzi was overjoyed.

"Master, how is the hexagram?"

At this time, Wang Keng couldn't help but ask.

Qingchengzi stroked his beard and smiled: "The hexagram is much better than the old man expected! This divination, the image obtained is from a great evil to a fortune, and the future is bright and limitless!"

As soon as these words came out, the disciples were stunned!

how can that be? !

They support Longyuan City, will the future be bright? !

Wang Keng scratched the back of his head: "Master, did you make a mistake?"

"Yeah! Master, this Zhou Yi speculation, is it inaccurate!"

"Master, I don't think it's accurate! We support Longyuan City, and we are determined to die, and we only want a ray of survival. How do you calculate that the final result is good luck?"

"Yeah! With the strength of Longyuan City, it's impossible to deal with the Suiyue Clan and the Reincarnation Clan, right? If my expectations are not bad, I guess that apart from our Wuzhuangguan, there is no force that will support Longyuan City!"

The disciples questioned one after another, and no one dared to believe the result of the divination.

"this"

Qingchengzi frowned.

Don't talk about these disciples, even he can't believe it, the final hexagram is actually auspicious, or a six-harmony!

This is too exaggerated!

At least with his strength, there is absolutely no power to turn things around.

Is it because of Qin Feng? !

If so, how strong Qin Feng should be!

Qingchengzi sighed and doubted again in his heart.

This third round of hegemony seems to be a battle of power, and the final decision depends on high-end combat power.

Therefore, it is the leaders of the various forces who really decide the outcome.

Thinking of this, Qingchengzi said: "Although I am not sure about being a teacher, the hexagram is like this!"

Wang Keng probed: "Could it be that you manipulated Zhou Yi's deduction and made a mistake?"

Qingchengzi patted Wang Keng's head displeasedly.

"Stinky boy! You are so big as a teacher?! How could I make a mistake in such an important thing? I follow strict procedures and deduce it step by step."

"There is absolutely no possibility of mistakes in this operation process! Although the results are amazing, the hexagram is like this! Maybe, Qin Feng really has the strength to turn the tide, and such a hexagram will appear!"

Hearing these words, all the disciples looked at each other, and they still couldn't believe it.

After a while, Wang Keng whispered: "Master, Qin Feng is really that strong? Why do I feel that it is impossible!"

Qingchengzi said impatiently: "The hexagram looks like this! Who knows what's going on? I don't want to think about it anymore! Anyway, the hexagram is a good hexagram, and the future is promising! It's better than a bad hexagram, right?"

Wang Keng nodded: "That's right! It's a good divination, it's a kind of comfort! Maybe Qin Feng will really impress us!"

As soon as these words fell, all the children nodded, and there was a little hope in their hearts, which was the expectation for Qin Feng.

Qingchengzi also said: "Xiao Keng, don't talk too much! You go to the chat channel and announce our decision. As a teacher, you have to choose a camp!"

"Okay! By the way, Master, do you want to tell everyone the results of your divination?"

Wang Keng asked for comments.

Qingchengzi pondered for a while and said, "The secret cannot be leaked! The less people know about this, the better, so as not to leak it out, cause personnel changes, and change the outcome."

"Makes sense!"

Wang Keng responded and opened the chat channel to announce Qingchengzi's decision.

Qingchengzi also began to operate 'faction selection'

At the same time, in the sixth division, Tiance Clan, in the discussion hall.

Yu Xuanji sat on the throne in the center.

Below, dozens of elders all looked strange.

Just now, the patriarch Yu Xuanji informed everyone that she wanted to support Longyuan City.

This suddenly caused an uproar!

At this moment, a white-haired old man stepped forward.

Facing Yu Xuanji, he said respectfully, "Patriarch, why would you consider supporting Longyuan City? Whether we support the Samsara or the Suiyue Clan, we shouldn't support Longyuan City!"

The old man's respect for Yu Xuanji came from the bottom of his heart!

Yu Xuanji looked like he was only in his twenties, and his realm was a demigod.

That old man is also a demigod!

But the old man did not dare to be presumptuous in the face of Yu Xuanji.

Because the Jade Xuanji realm is a demigod realm, its comprehensive combat power can reach 3 million stars, a proper mid-stage False God powerhouse.

She wants to kill the old man, it's just a matter of raising her hand!

In this world full of slaughter, the stronger the strength, the more respected.

After all, Yu Xuanji was less than two hundred years old.

She can have such strength, she is completely talented!