Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

She is also recognized as the number one genius in the Blue Star Realm!

Yuan Chu and Tai Shi were far inferior to her!

According to the agreement of the old monsters, she should run for the star candidate in the next term.

Of course, if she hadn't had the support of her ancestors, she would have been ranked long ago.

After all, with her mid-stage False God strength, she is still far behind those old hiders!

In a word, it is precisely because of her existence that the Tiance Clan can become the number one mysterious force in the sixth division.

Unlike the first forces in other divisions, it is because there is a powerful False God ancestor behind them!

The Tiance Clan originally had their ancestors.

It's just that the old ancestor left the Blue Star Realm more than 7,000 years ago.

In short, the Tiance Clan's current status is all because of the existence of Yu Xuanji.

Therefore, the children of the Tiance Clan have great respect for Yu Xuanji.

But today, Yu Xuanji's decision frightened all the senior management.

At the moment, as soon as the old man finished speaking, the elders all agreed.

"Patriarch, think twice about this!"

"Yeah! That Longyuan City is just a rising force, and there must be no powerful support behind it, and there are true god-level powers behind the Samsara and the Suiyue Clan!"

"Patriarch, I want the old man to see that the strongest person in Longyuan City is that Qin Feng. How strong do you think that Qin Feng can be? Does he have the same strength as you? Even if there is, he can deal with the true **** level. exist?"

"Patriarch, listen to the old man's persuasion, if you choose Longyuan City, maybe it will make my clan doomed!"

The elders persuaded bitterly.

Today's scene, Yu Xuanji had long expected.

She smiled slightly and looked at the elders.

"Everyone, I will make such a decision today, and there is a reason. You listen to me carefully."

Hearing this, the elders pricked up their ears and listened carefully.

In their eyes, the patriarch has always been rational and wise, but today he made such a strange decision, I am afraid there are other reasons.

Thinking of this, the elders also became curious in their hearts.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the second division, the White Demons chose to support the Suiyue Clan and joined the Green Party camp. The current number of Green Party forces: 2]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was shocked.

Finally have the power to start choosing!

Or the first mysterious force in the second division!

It's very meaningful!

At this moment, the Suiyue Clan, in the Forbidden Temple.

Tai Shi and the old ancestor of the years looked at each other and smiled.

"Father, the White Demons chose to support us! This shows that the ancestors of the White Demons supported us!"

Taishi's tone was full of surprises.

The old ancestor of the years said with a smile: "The ancestor of the white devil is an extreme powerhouse of false gods. With his participation, the strength of our camp will be greatly increased!"

Taishi also smiled and said: "Not only that, with the addition of the White Demons, several other mysterious forces in the second division will also join us. They are all looking forward to the White Demons!"

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent reminders one after another.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the second division, the Phantom Clan chose to support the Suiyue Clan and joined the Green Party faction. The current number of Green Party factions: 3]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the second division, the Black Yak Clan chose to support the Suiyue Clan and joined the Green Party camp. Currently, the number of Green Party factions: 4]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the second competition area, the Xuan Ye clan chose to support the Suiyue clan and joined the green camp. The current number of forces in the green camp: 11]

In a blink of an eye, the ten mysterious forces in the second division all chose to support the Suiyue Clan.

The number of forces in the green camp has reached 11.

The old ancestor and Taishi smiled at each other again, showing a satisfied smile.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the third division, the Baili tribe chose to support the Samsara tribe and joined the blue side camp. The current number of blue side factions: 2]

boom!

This news shocked the Blue Star Realm again!

The Baili Clan is the number one mysterious force in the third division!

This choice of it can drive the wind direction!

The old ancestor of the years frowned: "Haha! The old monster Baili actually supported the old ancestor of Samsara this time. It seems that he still remembers the last grievance!"

Tai Shi took a deep breath: "Ancestor, even if the Baili Clan supports the reincarnation ancestor, we don't have to worry too much. After all, we already have the support of the Second Division!"

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent reminders one after another.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the third division, the Lieyan Clan chose to support the Samsara Clan and joined the Blue Party faction. The current number of Blue Party forces: 3]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the third division, the Bingyuan tribe chose to support the Samsara tribe and joined the blue camp. The current number of blue camp forces: 11]

In the blink of an eye, the ten mysterious forces in the third division all chose the Samsara clan.

Before everyone could think about it, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the fourth division, the Fengshen Clan chose to support the Suiyue Clan and joined the Blue Side faction. The current number of Blue Side factions: 12]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the fifth division, the Chi Tian Clan chose to support the Samsara Clan and joined the Blue Team. Currently the number of Green Team factions: 12]

At this moment, all major regions are making camp choices.

Tiandao's announcements, one after another!

Either join the Years Clan, or join the Reincarnation Clan.

None of them joined Longyuan City!

This made Long Yuan very embarrassed!

Who doesn't want to be embarrassed?

But those forces just don't trust them, and no one is willing to support them.

All of this, people with discerning eyes can see clearly, and many people are watching the jokes of Long Yuancheng.

The most happy are the white skins and sticks in Guangming Town.

In a blink of an eye, most of the forces have chosen.

There is only Wuzhuangguan in the fifth division, and no choice has been made yet.

And the sixth division has not moved yet.

Because the first force in the sixth division, the Tiance Clan, has not made a decision yet, and the rest of the mysterious forces are watching

That Guangming Town is also in the sixth division. They are also watching, but they are in a schadenfreude mood.

The situation that Longyuan City was despised by others made them so happy

Chapter Five Hundred and Ninety-Seven Tiance Prophecy! Calculate the future!

At this moment, the Suiyue Clan, the Forbidden Temple.

Taishi and the old ancestor of the years are negotiating.

"Father, the mysterious forces in the second, fourth, and tenth divisions all support us. In this way, our green camp will have 31 forces."

"The third, fifth, and eighth divisions support the Samsara clan, so there are 30 forces in the blue camp. At present, we have a slight advantage!"

Tai started to analyze it carefully.

The old ancestor of the years was slightly taken aback: "There are also three divisions to support each, why is there one more force in our camp?"

Taishi smiled and said: "The problem lies in the fifth division! If my child remembers correctly, there is another Wuzhuangguan town in the fifth division, and there is no vote yet, so there are only nine mysterious forces in the fifth division that are supporting the Samsara clan. "

The old ancestor of the years suddenly said: "So it is!"

Then, he sneered again: "Listening to the name of Wuzhuangguan Town, taking the town as a unit, think about it and know that it is a new challenge force."

Taishi smiled and said, "That's right! Before, the light of Longyuan City was too dazzling, and many people forgot them, but the child secretly remembered them."

The old ancestor smiled: "This kind of newly promoted power is generally very weak, and it's optional. However, Wuzhuangguan Town has been slow to make a choice. Don't you want to support my reincarnation?"

"If they don't support the Samsara clan, they will have to fight against the nine mysterious forces in the same competition area! That would be self-defeating!"

Taishi smiled and said, "I guess they are hesitating, should they support Longyuan City, which is also a challenger?"

"Support Longyuan City?!"

The corner of Old Ancestor's mouth twitched slightly: "That's a decision made by idiots!"

Afterwards, he added: "No need to discuss Wuzhuangguan any more! There is no need to pay more attention to a new mysterious force. The focus of our current attention is still the sixth division!"

Taishi nodded: "Yes! The Tiance Clan in the sixth division has not yet made a decision. Those mysterious forces who follow their lead don't dare to act rashly!"

The old ancestor of the years nodded slightly: "The choice of the Tiance Clan is very important! That day, the head of the Ce Clan, Yu Xuanji, has the strength of the middle stage of the False God at a young age! This talent is far beyond the old man's year!"

When it comes to Yu Xuanji, the ancestors of the years are full of praise.

There was also a strange look in Tai Shi's eyes.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Although he thinks that he is a genius, he is now a powerhouse in the early stage of False God, but he is far from Yu Xuanji.

Not only is he much older than Yu Xuanji, but his strength is also weaker.

In addition, that Yu Xuanji not only had the highest talent in the Blue Star Realm, but also had a youthful appearance, which made him admire him for a long time.

It's just that Tai Shi also knew in his heart that he was not worthy of such a woman, so he could only have respect.

Immediately, he said: "Ancestor, we have the support of three major competition areas here, but in fact, there are three illusory gods behind the support of 810. The same is true of the reincarnation. In this way, we are evenly matched."

"If the Tiance Clan comes to support us again, the mysterious forces in the sixth division will definitely support us. Then the forces of our camp will be able to overwhelm the Samsara Clan."

The old ancestor of the years smiled slightly: "It is true! Besides, Yu Xuanji is also very strong! Although she is in the demigod realm, her comprehensive strength is comparable to the middle stage of the False God. With her joining, our False God powerful camp, One more warrior!"

Tai Shi took a deep breath: "Yes! It depends on how she chooses?"

Thinking of this, Tai Shi felt a little nervous in his heart.

He has an admiration for Yu Xuanji, and he really doesn't want to be his enemy!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he had similar thoughts.

About this, Tai Chi had known for a long time.

Ruoyu Xuanji chose Yuanchu instead of him.

He's sure to take a hit!

Thinking of this, Tai Shi was even more anxious.

At the same moment, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the ancestors of reincarnation, the ancestors of Beiming, Dracula and others were hanging in the air, waiting for the announcement of the new heaven.

At this moment, Dracula stood behind the crowd, looking up at the sky with gloating eyes.

Before, Tiandao issued a series of announcements, but no faction chose Longyuan City, which made him feel very happy!

In Dracula's view, he is a high-ranking blood clan.

A noble white blood race like him was reduced to a prisoner.

What qualifications do those inferior Longbi people have to be the power of the Suppressing Heaven?

Therefore, he can't wait for Longyuan City to be destroyed sooner!

If all those Longbi people were dead, he would feel even better!