Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

On the other side, Yuan Chu also looked up at the sky nervously.

His heart was also very uneasy.

He knew that only Division 6 had not made a choice.

The forces in the sixth division are all waiting for the decision of the Tiance Clan.

It can be said that the entire Blue Star Realm is waiting for the decision of the Tiance Clan!

"This time, who will Miss Xuanji choose? She won't choose that idiot Taishi, will she?"

Yuan Chu was muttering in his heart.

His admiration for Yu Xuanji was stronger than that of Taishi.

His face is also thicker, and he has been harassed many times, all of which have been unsuccessful.

However, even if he was rejected by Yu Xuanji, he could not see Yu Xuanji choosing someone else instead of him!

If Yu Xuanji made such a decision, he would definitely not be able to bear it!

Up to now, neither Taishi nor Yuanchu know that the object Yu Xuanji wants to choose is not any of them, but Qin Feng!

"Reincarnation Daoist, it seems that there is only the sixth division left to choose, right?"

The ancestor of Beiming seemed to be a little impatient to wait.

The reincarnation ancestor said helplessly: "Yes! Next, it depends on the choice of the sixth division. To be precise, it should be the choice of the Tiance Clan! Their choice is very important!"

Bei Ming understood and nodded slightly.

Now the blue-green camp is evenly matched!

It just depends on which side the sixth division will fall.

And the forces in the sixth division are all looking at the Tiance Clan

At this moment, the Tiance Clan, in the discussion hall.

Yu Xuanji sat in the center of the hall.

The elders also recovered and looked at her one after another.

"Patriarch, the faction selection for each competition area has basically been completed, and only our sixth competition area is left!"

"Yeah! Presumably the mysterious forces in the sixth division are waiting for us to choose!"

Yu Xuanji smiled without saying a word.

I'm afraid those forces will wait in vain!

The choice she made this time, no force would dare to follow.

At this time, another white-haired elder said: "Patriarch, through the faction selection just now, you have also seen it. From the beginning to the end, there is no such force, dare to choose Longyuan City. Patriarch, you must insist on choosing Longyuan City. Yuancheng?"

Later, another elder said bitterly: "Yes! Patriarch, if you still support Longyuan City, it means that only our family is supporting Longyuan City. It seems that we are alone and weak!"

"To be honest, as long as there is a force, it will support Longyuan City, and the old man will not say such words!"

As soon as these words came out, all the elders agreed.

"Yeah! As long as there is another faction to support Long Yuan, I will not persuade me like this!"

"Obviously! It's unwise to support Longyuan City! No force would do that."

"The old man can guarantee the ticket! There will never be such a force!"

Boom!

As soon as those words fell, the sky shook.

Heaven sent a reminder

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the fifth division, Wuzhuangguan Town chose to support Longyuan City and joined the red team. The current number of forces in the red team: 2]

boom!

As soon as this news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was in an uproar!

Finally, there is a force to support Longyuan City!

Snapped! Snapped! Snapped!

Inside the Tiance Hall.

The elders only felt that the old face was beaten!

They were still saying that no such force would support Longyuan City.

Unexpectedly, as soon as the voice fell, a Wuzhuang Temple appeared.

This slap in the face is too fast!

This time, the elders were speechless, and their old faces were a little red.

Seeing this scene, Yu Xuanji felt a little funny.

However, Wuzhuang Guanhui's support for Longyuan City also surprised her.

It seems that she is not alone!

Then, she looked around at the elders.

"This deity knows, and you have a lot of questions in your heart. Why does this deity want to support Longyuan City? So far, this deity will tell you the truth!"

Hearing this, the elders pricked up their ears and listened quietly.

"Do you know what my family's name is?"

The elders were stunned!

What is the problem?

Their family is called 'Tiance'.

This is something everyone knows!

At the moment, an elder wondered: "Patriarch, our clan's name is Tian Ce, is this clan name related to your decision today?"

Yu Xuanji smiled dignifiedly.

She was already very young, and this smile was like the beginning of the world, making everything in the world lose its color.

"Heavenly Policy! Heavenly Policy! Heaven's Policy! The ancestor of our clan is called the ancestor of Tiance, and he claims to be able to calculate the future! Today's decision is the decision of the ancestor, not mine!"

boom!

As soon as these words came out, the audience was shocked!

"Patriarch, do you think this is the decision of the ancestor?"

"Is this true?"

The elders were both surprised and puzzled.

But their respect for their ancestors came from the bottom of their hearts.

Ancestor Tiance is a myth in the Blue Star Realm!

He is the best star master candidate in the Blue Star Realm in history, and he was only one line away from the star master position!

It's a pity that he failed in the end, leaving a trace of regret!

However, the achievements he has created, so far, no one in the Blue Star Realm can surpass!

And when he was in the Blue Star Realm, the Tiance Clan was the No. 1 powerhouse in the Blue Star Realm!

It was only later that the ancestor of Tiance left the Blue Star Realm, and the Tiance clan was also weak.

It was not until the emergence of Yu Xuanji that the Tiance Clan improved again.

"Patriarch, the ancestor really made such a decision?"

At this moment, there are still some elders who can't believe it.

call out!

Jade Xuanji threw it casually, and a simple scroll flew over the hall, blooming with golden light, and slowly unfolded.

"The Scroll of Prophecy!"

As soon as they saw the scroll, someone in the field exclaimed.

Everyone opened their eyes and looked at the scroll

They all recognized the divine pattern on the scroll, which was the prophecy pattern.

A prophecy is a prediction of the future.

Whoa!

The scroll slowly unfolded in the air, revealing a prophecy.

The elders recognized at a glance that the handwriting of the words belonged to their ancestors.

Looking at the corner of the scroll, there is also the soul imprint left by the ancestors, allowing people to distinguish the authenticity from the fake.

Oh my God!

This is really the prophecy left by the ancestors!

Everyone hurriedly looked at the content of the prophecy

Seven thousand and seven hundred years later, when Blue Star had a son, he was born as a challenger. He took Qin as his surname, Feng as his name, and Zhentian as his power. Our clan should respect him as the master, and it can create eternal merits, and it is imperative to follow

The content of the prophecy is not long, but the elders are more and more shocked!

Finally, there was silence in the hall!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

After a long time, an elder broke the silence.

"Patriarch, why did the ancestor make such a prophecy?"

"Yeah! The content of this prophecy is not as simple as letting us support Longyuan City, but let us recognize Qin Feng as the master."

When it came to confessing the Lord, the elders had complicated expressions, and it was absolutely difficult to accept them in their hearts.

Let them identify a challenger as the main, how is this possible? !

Even if the challenger is very good, they still find it difficult to accept it.

Not to mention them, even Yu Xuanji finds it difficult to accept.

She can accept to support Long Yuancheng, but she can't accept Qin Feng as the master.

She is dignified on the outside, but also has her own arrogance on the inside.

After all, she is also the first genius of the Blue Star Realm.

Then Qin Feng might not be as good as her!

How could she possibly recognize someone inferior to her as the master?

Of course, Yu Xuanji knew that all this was just his own guess!

The ancestors have no last resort, and their prophecies should not be underestimated!

Therefore, she did not dare to underestimate Qin Feng too much.

In the end, whether to recognize Qin Feng as the master or not, she can only know by seeing Qin Feng with her own eyes and testing his strength.

If Qin Feng can be stronger than herself, she can consider whether to recognize Qin Feng as the master.

If Qin Feng is not as good as himself, this matter does not need to be considered.

"Everyone, I will not talk about the matter of recognizing the master for the time being. I should not underestimate the content of the prophecy of the ancestors. He has always had no last resort, and I am afraid that this time he will also count it!"

Yu Xuanji beckoned again and put away the prophecy scroll.

The elders looked at each other, not knowing how to make a decision for a while.

"Patriarch, that Longyuan City is just a challenge force. So far, apart from one Wuzhuang Temple, there is no force to support them. This is obviously a sure-fire situation! The ancestor's prediction this time is not outrageous. ?"

"Don't say anything else! I think that Qin Feng is definitely not as good as the patriarch. Why should we recognize him as the master?"

"Yeah! It's too unreliable to recognize the Lord! The old man also thinks that this prophecy is somewhat inaccurate!"

The elders murmured, obviously unable to accept such a prophecy.