Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this scene, Yu Xuanji shook his head slightly.

Afterwards, she sneered: "You can't tell? If you're not sure, how did the ancestor know that in seven thousand seven hundred years, there will be a challenger named Qin Feng who will establish a power to suppress the sky?"

boom!

With this reminder, everyone was shocked and dumbfounded!

right!

One of the prophecies: Qin is the surname, the wind is the name, and the sky is the power.

Not to mention the city lord Longyuan - Qin Feng!

How can this not be accurate?

The ancestor was 7,700 years ago, even when Qin Feng was born, it was terribly accurate!

only

The elders are a little numb!

Yu Xuanji said again: "My family knows that there is a magical object in the hands of the ancestors, which can be used to calculate the changes of personnel in the future. It has always been considered a no-brainer. I am afraid that this time, it will be no exception!"

Hearing this, the elders nodded slightly.

They thought of the prophecies left by their ancestors, and every one of them was fulfilled.

A recent prophecy predicts the birth of Yu Xuanji.

The ancestor of Tiance predicted that 7,500 years after he left the Tiance clan, a baby girl would be born in the clan, in the name of Xuanji.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Its talent and aptitude are not under the ancestors of Tiance, and will lead the Tiance family to return to glory.

At first, the elders also did not believe.

Until the birth of Yu Xuanji, the accuracy of the old ancestor's prophecy was once again verified.

Speaking of which, the divine artifact in the hands of the ancestors is really accurate in predicting future personnel affairs.

Thinking of this, the elders slowly digested this prophecy and tried to accept it.

"Patriarch, do we really want to recognize Qin Feng as the master?"

A young elder, with an uncomfortable face, obviously couldn't pass the hurdle in his heart.

Yu Xuanji took a deep breath: "It's too early to say about the matter of recognizing the master! Whether that Qin Feng is qualified for us to recognize him as the master has yet to be verified. However, I can choose to support Longyuan City first, and then verify it. Qin Feng, it is not against the prophecy of the ancestors!"

As soon as these words fell, the elders nodded, all feeling that this method was feasible.

So far, no one has objected.

Seeing this, Yu Xuanji said: "If that's the case, then the deity will choose the red camp. Once you choose, you can't change it. You must be mentally prepared!"

"Hey! Patriarch, since it is the meaning of the ancestors, I will take a bet!"

"Yes! Patriarch, you can choose! It's life or death, it's up to fate!"

At this moment, the elders also gave up, but their hearts were inevitably uneasy.

"Okay! That's it!"

Right now, Yu Xuanji didn't say any more, just opened the faction interface and started making choices.

Chapter 598 Amazing choice! The camp is formed!

At this moment, the Suiyue Clan, the Forbidden Temple.

Taishi and the old ancestor of the years are negotiating.

"Father, the mysterious forces in the second, fourth, and tenth divisions all support us. In this way, our green camp will have 31 forces."

"The third, fifth, and eighth divisions support the Samsara clan, so there are 30 forces in the blue camp. At present, we have a slight advantage!"

Tai started to analyze it carefully.

The old ancestor of the years was slightly taken aback: "There are also three divisions to support each, why is there one more force in our camp?"

Taishi smiled and said: "The problem lies in the fifth division! If my child remembers correctly, there is another Wuzhuangguan town in the fifth division, and there is no vote yet, so there are only nine mysterious forces in the fifth division that are supporting the Samsara clan. "

The old ancestor of the years suddenly said: "So it is!"

Then, he sneered again: "Listening to the name of Wuzhuangguan Town, taking the town as a unit, think about it and know that it is a new challenge force."

Taishi smiled and said, "That's right! Before, the light of Longyuan City was too dazzling, and many people forgot them, but the child secretly remembered them."

The old ancestor smiled: "This kind of newly promoted power is generally very weak, and it's optional. However, Wuzhuangguan Town has been slow to make a choice. Don't you want to support my reincarnation?"

"If they don't support the Samsara clan, they will have to fight against the nine mysterious forces in the same competition area! That would be self-defeating!"

Taishi smiled and said, "I guess they are hesitating, should they support Longyuan City, which is also a challenger?"

"Support Longyuan City?!"

The corner of Old Ancestor's mouth twitched slightly: "That's a decision made by idiots!"

Afterwards, he added: "No need to discuss Wuzhuangguan any more! There is no need to pay more attention to a new mysterious force. The focus of our current attention is still the sixth division!"

Taishi nodded: "Yes! The Tiance Clan in the sixth division has not yet made a decision. Those mysterious forces who follow their lead don't dare to act rashly!"

The old ancestor of the years nodded slightly: "The choice of the Tiance Clan is very important! That day, the head of the Ce Clan, Yu Xuanji, has the strength of the middle stage of the False God at a young age! This talent is far beyond the old man's year!"

When it comes to Yu Xuanji, the ancestors of the years are full of praise.

There was also a strange look in Tai Shi's eyes.

Although he thinks that he is a genius, he is now a powerhouse in the early stage of False God, but he is far from Yu Xuanji.

Not only is he much older than Yu Xuanji, but his strength is also weaker.

In addition, that Yu Xuanji not only had the highest talent in the Blue Star Realm, but also had a youthful appearance, which made him admire him for a long time.

It's just that Tai Shi also knew in his heart that he was not worthy of such a woman, so he could only have respect.

Immediately, he said: "Ancestor, we have the support of three major competition areas here, but in fact, there are three illusory gods behind the support of 810. The same is true of the reincarnation. In this way, we are evenly matched."

"If the Tiance Clan comes to support us again, the mysterious forces in the sixth division will definitely support us. Then the forces of our camp will be able to overwhelm the Samsara Clan."

The old ancestor of the years smiled slightly: "It is true! Besides, Yu Xuanji is also very strong! Although she is in the demigod realm, her comprehensive strength is comparable to the middle stage of the False God. With her joining, our False God powerful camp, One more warrior!"

Tai Shi took a deep breath: "Yes! It depends on how she chooses?"

Thinking of this, Tai Shi felt a little nervous in his heart.

He has an admiration for Yu Xuanji, and he really doesn't want to be his enemy!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he had similar thoughts.

About this, Tai Chi had known for a long time.

Ruoyu Xuanji chose Yuanchu instead of him.

He's sure to take a hit!

Thinking of this, Tai Shi was even more anxious.

At the same moment, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the ancestors of reincarnation, the ancestors of Beiming, Dracula and others were hanging in the air, waiting for the announcement of the new heaven.

At this moment, Dracula stood behind the crowd, looking up at the sky with gloating eyes.

Before, Tiandao issued a series of announcements, but no faction chose Longyuan City, which made him feel very happy!

In Dracula's view, he is a high-ranking blood clan.

A noble white blood race like him was reduced to a prisoner.

What qualifications do those inferior Longbi people have to be the power of the Suppressing Heaven?

Therefore, he can't wait for Longyuan City to be destroyed sooner!

If all those Longbi people were dead, he would feel even better!

On the other side, Yuan Chu also looked up at the sky nervously.

His heart was also very uneasy.

He knew that only Division 6 had not made a choice.

The forces in the sixth division are all waiting for the decision of the Tiance Clan.

It can be said that the entire Blue Star Realm is waiting for the decision of the Tiance Clan!

"This time, who will Miss Xuanji choose? She won't choose that idiot Taishi, will she?"

Yuan Chu was muttering in his heart.

His admiration for Yu Xuanji was stronger than that of Taishi.

His face is also thicker, and he has been harassed many times, all of which have been unsuccessful.

However, even if he was rejected by Yu Xuanji, he could not see Yu Xuanji choosing someone else instead of him!

If Yu Xuanji made such a decision, he would definitely not be able to bear it!

Up to now, neither Taishi nor Yuanchu know that the object Yu Xuanji wants to choose is not any of them, but Qin Feng!

"Reincarnation Daoist, it seems that there is only the sixth division left to choose, right?"

The ancestor of Beiming seemed to be a little impatient to wait.

The reincarnation ancestor said helplessly: "Yes! Next, it depends on the choice of the sixth division. To be precise, it should be the choice of the Tiance Clan! Their choice is very important!"

Bei Ming understood and nodded slightly.

Now the blue-green camp is evenly matched!

It just depends on which side the sixth division will fall.

And the forces in the sixth division are all looking at the Tiance Clan

At this moment, the Tiance Clan, in the discussion hall.

Yu Xuanji sat in the center of the hall.

The elders also recovered and looked at her one after another.

"Patriarch, the faction selection for each competition area has basically been completed, and only our sixth competition area is left!"

"Yeah! Presumably the mysterious forces in the sixth division are waiting for us to choose!"

Yu Xuanji smiled without saying a word.

I'm afraid those forces will wait in vain!

The choice she made this time, no force would dare to follow.

At this time, another white-haired elder said: "Patriarch, through the faction selection just now, you have also seen it. From the beginning to the end, there is no such force, dare to choose Longyuan City. Patriarch, you must insist on choosing Longyuan City. Yuancheng?"

Later, another elder said bitterly: "Yes! Patriarch, if you still support Longyuan City, it means that only our family is supporting Longyuan City. It seems that we are alone and weak!"

"To be honest, as long as there is a force, it will support Longyuan City, and the old man will not say such words!"

As soon as these words came out, all the elders agreed.

"Yeah! As long as there is another faction to support Long Yuan, I will not persuade me like this!"

"Obviously! It's unwise to support Longyuan City! No force would do that."

"The old man can guarantee the ticket! There will never be such a force!"

Boom!

As soon as those words fell, the sky shook.

Heaven sent a reminder

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the fifth division, Wuzhuangguan Town chose to support Longyuan City and joined the red team. The current number of forces in the red team: 2]

boom!

As soon as this news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was in an uproar!

Finally, there is a force to support Longyuan City!

Snapped! Snapped! Snapped!