Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the Tiance Hall.

The elders only felt that the old face was beaten!

They were still saying that no such force would support Longyuan City.

Unexpectedly, as soon as the voice fell, a Wuzhuang Temple appeared.

This slap in the face is too fast!

This time, the elders were speechless, and their old faces were a little red.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Seeing this scene, Yu Xuanji felt a little funny.

However, Wuzhuang Guanhui's support for Longyuan City also surprised her.

It seems that she is not alone!

Then, she looked around at the elders.

"This deity knows, and you have a lot of questions in your heart. Why does this deity want to support Longyuan City? So far, this deity will tell you the truth!"

Hearing this, the elders pricked up their ears and listened quietly.

"Do you know what my family's name is?"

The elders were stunned!

What is the problem?

Their family is called 'Tiance'.

This is something everyone knows!

At the moment, an elder wondered: "Patriarch, our clan's name is Tian Ce, is this clan name related to your decision today?"

Yu Xuanji smiled dignifiedly.

She was already very young, and this smile was like the beginning of the world, making everything in the world lose its color.

"Heavenly Policy! Heavenly Policy! Heaven's Policy! The ancestor of our clan is called the ancestor of Tiance, and he claims to be able to calculate the future! Today's decision is the decision of the ancestor, not mine!"

boom!

As soon as these words came out, the audience was shocked!

"Patriarch, do you think this is the decision of the ancestor?"

"Is this true?"

The elders were both surprised and puzzled.

But their respect for their ancestors came from the bottom of their hearts.

Ancestor Tiance is a myth in the Blue Star Realm!

He is the best star master candidate in the Blue Star Realm in history, and he was only one line away from the star master position!

It's a pity that he failed in the end, leaving a trace of regret!

However, the achievements he has created, so far, no one in the Blue Star Realm can surpass!

And when he was in the Blue Star Realm, the Tiance Clan was the No. 1 powerhouse in the Blue Star Realm!

It was only later that the ancestor of Tiance left the Blue Star Realm, and the Tiance clan was also weak.

It was not until the emergence of Yu Xuanji that the Tiance Clan improved again.

"Patriarch, the ancestor really made such a decision?"

At this moment, there are still some elders who can't believe it.

call out!

Jade Xuanji threw it casually, and a simple scroll flew over the hall, blooming with golden light, and slowly unfolded.

"The Scroll of Prophecy!"

As soon as they saw the scroll, someone in the field exclaimed.

Everyone opened their eyes and looked at the scroll

They all recognized the divine pattern on the scroll, which was the prophecy pattern.

A prophecy is a prediction of the future.

Whoa!

The scroll slowly unfolded in the air, revealing a prophecy.

The elders recognized at a glance that the handwriting of the words belonged to their ancestors.

Looking at the corner of the scroll, there is also the soul imprint left by the ancestors, allowing people to distinguish the authenticity from the fake.

Oh my God!

This is really the prophecy left by the ancestors!

Everyone hurriedly looked at the content of the prophecy

Seven thousand and seven hundred years later, when Blue Star had a son, he was born as a challenger. He took Qin as his surname, Feng as his name, and Zhentian as his power. Our clan should respect him as the master, and it can create eternal merits, and it is imperative to follow

The content of the prophecy is not long, but the elders are more and more shocked!

Finally, there was silence in the hall!

After a long time, an elder broke the silence.

"Patriarch, why did the ancestor make such a prophecy?"

"Yeah! The content of this prophecy is not as simple as letting us support Longyuan City, but let us recognize Qin Feng as the master."

When it came to confessing the Lord, the elders had complicated expressions, and it was absolutely difficult to accept them in their hearts.

Let them identify a challenger as the main, how is this possible? !

Even if the challenger is very good, they still find it difficult to accept it.

Not to mention them, even Yu Xuanji finds it difficult to accept.

She can accept to support Long Yuancheng, but she can't accept Qin Feng as the master.

She is dignified on the outside, but also has her own arrogance on the inside.

After all, she is also the first genius of the Blue Star Realm.

Then Qin Feng might not be as good as her!

How could she possibly recognize someone inferior to her as the master?

Of course, Yu Xuanji knew that all this was just his own guess!

The ancestors have no last resort, and their prophecies should not be underestimated!

Therefore, she did not dare to underestimate Qin Feng too much.

In the end, whether to recognize Qin Feng as the master or not, she can only know by seeing Qin Feng with her own eyes and testing his strength.

If Qin Feng can be stronger than herself, she can consider whether to recognize Qin Feng as the master.

If Qin Feng is not as good as himself, this matter does not need to be considered.

"Everyone, I will not talk about the matter of recognizing the master for the time being. I should not underestimate the content of the prophecy of the ancestors. He has always had no last resort, and I am afraid that this time he will also count it!"

Yu Xuanji beckoned again and put away the prophecy scroll.

The elders looked at each other, not knowing how to make a decision for a while.

"Patriarch, that Longyuan City is just a challenge force. So far, apart from one Wuzhuang Temple, there is no force to support them. This is obviously a sure-fire situation! The ancestor's prediction this time is not outrageous. ?"

"Don't say anything else! I think that Qin Feng is definitely not as good as the patriarch. Why should we recognize him as the master?"

"Yeah! It's too unreliable to recognize the Lord! The old man also thinks that this prophecy is somewhat inaccurate!"

The elders murmured, obviously unable to accept such a prophecy.

Seeing this scene, Yu Xuanji shook his head slightly.

Afterwards, she sneered: "You can't tell? If you're not sure, how did the ancestor know that in seven thousand seven hundred years, there will be a challenger named Qin Feng who will establish a power to suppress the sky?"

boom!

With this reminder, everyone was shocked and dumbfounded!

right!

One of the prophecies: Qin is the surname, the wind is the name, and the sky is the power.

Not to mention the city lord Longyuan - Qin Feng!

How can this not be accurate?

The ancestor was 7,700 years ago, even when Qin Feng was born, it was terribly accurate!

only

The elders are a little numb!

Yu Xuanji said again: "My family knows that there is a magical object in the hands of the ancestors, which can be used to calculate the changes of personnel in the future. It has always been considered a no-brainer. I am afraid that this time, it will be no exception!"

Hearing this, the elders nodded slightly.

They thought of the prophecies left by their ancestors, and every one of them was fulfilled.

A recent prophecy predicts the birth of Yu Xuanji.

The ancestor of Tiance predicted that 7,500 years after he left the Tiance clan, a baby girl would be born in the clan, in the name of Xuanji.

Its talent and aptitude are not under the ancestors of Tiance, and will lead the Tiance family to return to glory.

At first, the elders also did not believe.

Until the birth of Yu Xuanji, the accuracy of the old ancestor's prophecy was once again verified.

Speaking of which, the divine artifact in the hands of the ancestors is really accurate in predicting future personnel affairs.

Thinking of this, the elders slowly digested this prophecy and tried to accept it.

"Patriarch, do we really want to recognize Qin Feng as the master?"

A young elder, with an uncomfortable face, obviously couldn't pass the hurdle in his heart.

Yu Xuanji took a deep breath: "It's too early to say about the matter of recognizing the master! Whether that Qin Feng is qualified for us to recognize him as the master has yet to be verified. However, I can choose to support Longyuan City first, and then verify it. Qin Feng, it is not against the prophecy of the ancestors!"

As soon as these words fell, the elders nodded, all feeling that this method was feasible.

So far, no one has objected.

Seeing this, Yu Xuanji said: "If that's the case, then the deity will choose the red camp. Once you choose, you can't change it. You must be mentally prepared!"

"Hey! Patriarch, since it is the meaning of the ancestors, I will take a bet!"

"Yes! Patriarch, you can choose! It's life or death, it's up to fate!"

At this moment, the elders also gave up, but their hearts were inevitably uneasy.

"Okay! That's it!"

Right now, Yu Xuanji didn't say any more, just opened the faction interface and started making choices.

Chapter Five Hundred and Ninety-Nine Good and Bad! Ten times the reward!

Boom!

After a while, the entire Blue Star Realm sounded a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the sixth division, the Tengkui people chose to support the Suiyue people and joined the green camp. The current number of forces in the green camp: 32]

boom!

As soon as the news came out, it caused a sensation again!

But it didn't take long for Tiandao to send reminders again and again.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the sixth division, the Heijiao people chose to support the Suiyue people and joined the green camp. The current number of forces in the green camp: 33]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the sixth division, the Canghai Clan chose to support the Suiyue Clan and joined the Green Party camp. The current number of Green Party forces: 34]