Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the sixth division, Guangming Town chose to support the Suiyue Clan and joined the Green Party camp. The current number of Green Party forces: 40]

Another series of announcements!

After the Tengkui people joined the Green Square camp, the remaining eight mysterious forces also chose to support the Suiyue Clan.

Even Guangming Town chose to support the Suiyue Clan!

This time, the sixth division is completely divided!

The nine mysterious forces headed by the Tengkui clan faced off against the Tiance clan!

At this point, all forces have been selected!

Three camps formed!

At this moment, in the main hall of the Tiance Clan.

Yu Xuanji sat on the Taishi chair with a calm expression on his face.

Below, the elders all shook their heads and smiled bitterly.

"Hey! That's true! Even if our clan is the No. 1 force in the sixth division, no force is willing to follow our choice. Instead, they follow the Tengkui clan!"

"Yeah! For decades, the Tengkui people have been suppressed by us. This time, they have regained their former glory and were followed again."

"To put it bluntly, these forces are not optimistic about Longyuan City, so they will follow the choice of the Tengkui clan. However, this is also human nature. Just this way, it will have a great blow to the prestige of our clan!"

"It's a small blow to prestige. What's scary is that their nine clans will unite to fight against our clan! The strength of their nine clan alliance is extremely strong. Besides, they still have Tengkui ancestors in charge!"

As soon as ancestor Teng Kui was mentioned, the expressions of the elders changed slightly, and they seemed a little uneasy.

At the moment, the elders all looked at Yu Xuanji.

"Patriarch, in ten minutes, the third round of hegemony will begin. Our clan should be prepared in case Teng Kui and other nine clans join forces to attack!"

Yu Xuanji nodded slightly, with a serious expression, not daring to be careless.

If ancestor Tengkui led the nine clans to attack, their Tiance clan would have to avoid their edge.

She pondered for a while and said: "With the strength of our Tiance Clan, we can only compete with the nine clans. It is a little difficult to leave the sixth division and help Longyuan City!"

As soon as these words fell, all the elders showed a wry smile.

"Patriarch, it's good for my clan to protect itself, but it's unrealistic to think about helping Longyuan City."

"In this way, the life and death of Longyuan City can only depend on them!"

Yu Xuanji sighed, feeling helpless.

At the same moment, the first competition area, Longyuan City, and the sky above the floating city.

Xiao Luan'er, Feng Xi and the others have come to their senses.

At this moment, the girls were all in disbelief.

"I didn't expect it! There are still old mysterious forces supporting us!"

"Yeah! Why did the Tiance Clan do this?"

"I don't know!"

Feng Xi's three daughters were all puzzled.

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "No matter why the Tiance Clan did this, since they chose us, we must treat them sincerely!"

Feng Xi nodded slightly: "Under such unfavorable circumstances, the Tiance Clan still supports us. It's really commendable! It's just like this, I'm afraid their situation will be dangerous."

Qi Yue also said: "Yeah! The other forces in the sixth division all supported the Suiyue Clan, and even Guangming Town also supported the Suiyue Clan. Next, they will definitely join forces to deal with the Tiance Clan."

Qin Feng pondered for a while and said, "I will send the Yueling clone to the sixth division to help the Tiance Clan."

Hearing this, the girls breathed a sigh of relief.

They don't know the strength of the Tiance Clan, and they are somewhat worried about the Tiance Clan.

After all, the Tiance Clan are their allies, so they naturally don't want the Tiance Clan to have an accident.

Just now, Qin Feng said that he would help Tian Ce, which made them feel more at ease.

In their opinion, as long as Qin Feng takes action, the Tiance Clan will be safe.

Boom!

Just then, the sky shook!

Tiandao sent a reminder again

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: Congratulations on completing your faction selection. Currently, the camp statistics are as follows]

[Suiyue clan (leader), the number of green faction forces: 40]

[The reincarnation family (leader), the number of forces in the blue camp: 30]

[Longyuan City (leader), the red camp forces: 3]

[Reminder: After the faction is selected, it cannot be changed]

[The number of forces in the red camp is detected, accounting for less than one-tenth of the blue and green camps. In order to improve the fairness of the game, the rewards obtained by the red team for killing the enemy are automatically increased by ten times. 】

What? !

The reward for killing enemies is increased tenfold!

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was stunned!

They never thought that Tiandao would do such a thing!

This time, the strength of the blue and green camps were completely dumbfounded!

Longyuan City, Tiance Clan, and Wuzhuangguan were pleasantly surprised!

Ha ha!

In the end, they finally heard a great news!

Their reward for killing the enemy is tenfolded, which means that it is easier for them to score points.

Qin Feng is even more ecstatic!

In fact, he didn't care at all how many forces Blue and Green had.

Even, he hopes that the more blue-green forces, the better.

That way, he can kill more enemies and get more rewards.

It's just that he didn't expect that Tiandao gave them ten times the reward mechanism for the fairness of the game.

In this way, the benefits he gets are ten times higher than what he estimated!

How could this not make him happy!

"Wow! Dad, our red team kills the enemy, and the reward is ten times higher!"

"Master, the reward mechanism this time is very beneficial to us!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yue flushed with excitement.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

At the same moment, the disciples of Long Yuan below also cheered enthusiastically!

On that day, Ce Clan and Wuzhuangguan were naturally quite pleased.

On the contrary, the forces of the blue and green camps are very depressed.

At this moment, the reincarnation clan is in the sky.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he complained loudly.

"Father, how could the Dao of Heaven come up with such rules? We have more power in the blue and green parties, and it is really unpleasant to suppress us like this!"

The reincarnation ancestor is also depressed,

Afterwards, he sneered: "Chu'er, don't be upset! Even if Tiandao favors the red camp, it will not change their fate!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he nodded slightly: "Yes! They only have 3 forces, and even if the rewards are doubled, they will not get that life!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled proudly: "Isn't that right! Just figure it out! However, if the way of heaven operates like this, we must expedite the destruction of the red camp, but we can't let them pick up the leaks!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he thought so deeply: "It's true!"

Boom!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In 10 minutes, the third round of points competition is about to start]

[From now on, the barrier barrier of the ten major competition areas will be revoked, and the maps of the various forces in the Blue Star Realm will be announced]

Boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, the entire Blue Star Realm trembled!

There was a roar from every corner!

The barrier that blocked the top ten divisions is being revoked

Once the barrier is revoked, the top ten divisions will be able to communicate with each other.

At the same time, the Blue Star Realm strength map began to appear in the minds of the disciples of the three camps.

"Master, the map is out!"

"Dad, it turns out that our first division is in the southern hemisphere!"

"Dad! Dad! Come and look at the map! This red dot looks like you!"

At this moment, Feng Xi's three girls eagerly watched the map one by one

Even Jumang was looking at it.

Qin Feng hurriedly thought about it, and a holographic map of the Blue Star Realm appeared in his mind.

I saw that on the map, the ten major competition areas are ten land areas, which are clearly marked with numbers.

The first division is the No. 1 Continent.

On Land No. 1, there is only one huge red dot, clearly marked as 'Longyuan City'.

That huge red dot is the floating city, and it is also the current headquarters of Longyuan City.

There are 277 stations in Longyuan City, and Tiandao only identifies the location of the headquarters.

Looking at Longyuan City, there is a small red dot marked with the name 'Qin Feng'.

It turned out that in this third round of competition for hegemony, Tiandao will announce the location of the headquarters of each faction, as well as the position of the strength leader.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the second competition area next to the first competition area.

I saw that on the map of the second division, there were ten large green light spots and ten small green light spots.

The large green light spot is the location of the ten mysterious forces that support the Suiyue Clan.

The small green light spots are the patriarchs of the ten forces.

Looking at the third division, there are ten big blue blips and ten small blue blips.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He felt that such an arrangement was very convenient for him to kill the enemy!

Then, he looked at the fifth and sixth divisions.

These two divisions are not far from the first division.

I saw the fifth division, with one big red light spot and nine big blue light spots.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The big red light spot clearly wrote the three words 'Wu Zhuang Guan'.

Next to the big red light spot, there is a small red light spot with the words 'Qingchengzi' on it.

Looking at the sixth division, there is also a large red light spot, and nine large green light spots.

That big red light spot is the Tiance Clan.