Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Soon, Qin Feng finished reading the map, and his thoughts were drawn from the map.

"Master, this day, Tiandao actually announced the positions of the participating forces and the leader's position. In this way, it is clearly visible what is going on in that side!"

Feng Xi's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

There was concern in her tone.

In her opinion, as soon as Tiandao was announced, Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng were exposed to the eyes of the enemy.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's a good thing to see clearly! By the way, in a few minutes, the third round of hegemony is about to start, and I should act too."

call out! call out! call out! call out!

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng's four avatars flew in four directions respectively.

The Mirage clone flew in the direction of the fifth division, and the Moon Spirit clone flew in the direction of the sixth division.

The wood spirit clone flies to the direction of the third competition area, and the ice spirit clone flies to the wind direction of the fourth competition area

Qin Feng looked at the map again and smiled.

It turned out that his four avatars moved, which was not displayed on the map.

That is to say, the enemy does not know what he is doing in his clone.

And he and the four avatars are different bodies and concentric, and they can summon each other in space.

Wherever the clones are, it means that he is there.

Unfortunately, the enemy does not know this.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

In this way, Qin Feng can complete many operations.

"Hey! Master, your avatar movement is not shown on this map!"

Feng Xi's eyes lit up.

She also found this detail.

Qin Feng smiled: "This is very beneficial to us!"

Feng Xi also showed a knowing smile.

Having said that, in this world, she has not seen anyone who can have several powerful clones like Qin Feng, and can leave the main body freely...

Thinking of this, she asked curiously: "Master, where are your four clones going?"

Qin Feng looked at the direction where the four clones left.

"The Mirage went to rescue Wuzhuangguan, Yueling went to rescue the Tiance Clan, and Mu Ling went to destroy the mysterious forces in the third division. Bingling cloned to destroy the mysterious forces in the fourth division!"

Feng Xi was surprised: "Master, are you going to fight with the two camps at the same time?"

Qi Yue was also worried: "Master, will this be too risky?"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Even if I don't fight at the same time, the two camps will kill us at the same time. I have the Holy Land Pass that they all covet."

"If my expectations are not bad, both the Samsara and the Suiyue Clan want to kill me as soon as possible, and they should kill me at the same time. That being the case, I might as well do it first!"

Feng Xi suddenly said, "That's right!"

At the moment, Qin Feng said: "Feng Xi, you go to inform everyone, get ready quickly! As soon as the game starts, we will go to the second division!"

As soon as these words fell, Feng Xi and the others were a little surprised.

However, both Xiao Luan'er and Jumang were a little excited.

These two little guys are a little warlike!

Feng Xi took a deep breath.

The master is going to open five battlefields together!

It seems that the master is going to make a big move!

Thinking of this, she respectfully agreed: "Feng Xi understands!"

As soon as she finished speaking, she flew to the square below and started arranging the actions of the children...

At the same moment, the reincarnation clan stationed in the sky.

Ancestor Samsara looked at the red dot on the map and smiled.

"Fellow Daoist Beiming, that little red dot is Qin Feng's son. This kid has two holy places in his hands, maybe even three!"

The ancestor of Beiming also stroked his beard and smiled: "After the game starts, you and I will directly kill the first division!"

Ancestor Samsara said with a smile: "This is exactly what this old man means! Competing for points in the competition is important, and the token in the boy's hand is equally important."

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned to look at Yuan Chu again.

"Chu'er, when the game starts, you will take Dracula and our army to the sixth division!"

"Baby understand!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he quickly took orders.

He knew what Dad meant.

Dad 1.5 let him go to the sixth division, just to find trouble in Guangming Town.

The original "Bible" in the hands of Guangming Town was probably transformed from the pages of the book in the present world.

Naturally, he also wanted to get the original Bible.

Besides, he also wanted to trouble Yu Xuanji!

He still can't understand why Yu Xuanji supports Qin Feng?

This time, he is going to the sixth division, ask to understand!

At the same time, the Suiyue Clan, in the Forbidden Temple.

Taishi finished reading the map.

At this moment, he looked at the ancestors of the years.

"Father, the game is about to start! The Wuwang Patriarch you invited is coming soon, right?"

The old ancestor nodded slightly: "The old guy should be coming soon! After the game starts, the old man and the ancestor Wuwang will go to the first competition area together, and strive to kill Qin Feng's child and take him away before the ancestor of reincarnation. token."

It turned out that the old ancestor of the years, like the old ancestor of reincarnation, also invited a powerful helper.

That Wuwang Ancestor is also a great power in the early stage of True God, and his strength is extremely powerful.

"Dad, wait for you to go to the first division. The boy plans to take someone to the sixth division!"

"Why?"

"Father, the sixth division is now divided into two factions. One is the Tiance clan, and the other is the nine clans such as Teng Kui. The strength of the two sides should be equal. Now, the nine Tengkui clan have joined us. We should help these nine clans and defeat the Tiance clan. !"

The old ancestor of the years nodded slightly and said: "Alright! The Ce Clan didn't open their eyes that day, and it deserved to be exterminated!"

Tai Shi was overjoyed: "Father, that kid is going to make arrangements!"

As soon as the voice fell, he left the hall excitedly.

He went to the sixth division not to destroy the Tiance clan, but to capture Yu Xuanji alive and forcibly occupy it

It was so hard to come across such an opportunity, how could he miss it!

Just when Taishi left the hall, only the last minute was left until the third round started.

Chapter 600 Out of the Nest! Ten tribes united!

At this moment, Long Yuan, in the floating city.

Everyone in Long Yuan was waiting for the start of the third game.

At this time, the chat channel was already chatting hot.

"Brothers, the third game is about to start!"

"Yeah! I'm a little nervous!"

"You said, can our Longyuan City become the final winner?"

"This game is based on points! We now have ten times the bonus, and we have a good chance of winning!"

"Upstairs, don't forget, the points are based on the total points of the faction. We only have 3 factions in the red camp. The blue and green forces are more than ten times ours. In this way, the number of us and the There are too few top players!"

"Yeah! Don't talk about the number of people, just talk about the top masters, there is only one boss in Longyuan City!"

"Hey! It's up to the top players to really decide the outcome. In other words, all the pressure is on the boss!"

"Yeah! The boss is under too much pressure. I don't know if he can withstand the siege of those old monsters?"

"By the way, you said that this time, there will be an old monster in the real **** realm?"

"It's hard to say!"

At this moment, Granny Feng Qi's head jumped.

Granny Feng Qi: "Everyone, as far as I know, one or two true gods will appear in each third round of hegemony. As for this time, I'm afraid there will be one or two more likely!"

As soon as these words came out, Long Yuan panicked.

"My God! There will really be a true **** realm! That's terrifying!"

"Yeah! True God is so powerful! Thinking about it makes me terrified! By the way, what kind of strength do you think the boss is?"

"There should be a virtual **** limit!"

"The False God Limit is already extremely powerful! But the False God Limit is still a lot worse than the True God Realm!"

"That being said, I'm afraid the boss is not the opponent of the true god, then we are in trouble in Longyuan City!"

"Not necessarily! We can also increase our combat power by killing the enemy! With our ten-fold reward harvesting speed and the boss's terrifying progress speed, maybe he will be able to reach the combat power of the true **** threshold before he encounters the true god's power."

"Yes! I believe the boss still has a chance!"

"24 I believe too!"

"I hope so! However, it always makes people a little worried!"

At this moment, Long Yuan felt a little uneasy.

When they learned that there would be the power of the true God, they felt invisible pressure.

They didn't know that this competition for hegemony would be more intense than any previous competition!

There will be more than four of the true gods that appear.

The Samsara clan has Samsara Patriarch and Beiming Patriarch.

The Suiyue clan has the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuhuang.

However, Long Yuan also greatly underestimated Qin Feng's strength.

Now, under the sacrifice of Fengxi's three daughters and Jumang, Qin Feng's trail combat power has reached 20.65 million stars, which is the threshold of the mid-term true god.

The weaker True God is no longer his opponent!

It's really that Qin Feng is progressing too fast, no one can predict it.

What is even more frightening is that the fifth messenger of Qin Feng, Di Jiang, is about to be born.

The benefits that Dijiang brought him will far exceed the three daughters of Jumang and Fengxi, which is unimaginable.

"Everyone, we don't want so much! Next, we will do our best!"

"That's right! We have to advance and retreat with the boss! Even if we die in battle, we will not hesitate!"

At this moment, Long Yuan's blood boiled up and down again.

All the children are fighting with high spirits!

At the same moment, the sky above the floating city.

Qin Fengyao looked at the direction where the four avatars were leaving, and a satisfied smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

In just a few minutes, the four avatars have escaped tens of thousands of miles away.

With the speed of his clone, he will soon be able to reach those competition areas.

call out!