Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and Qiyue appeared.

"Master, I just went to see it. It will take about seven hours for the Dijiang Spirit Egg to be born!"

Qiyue said happily.

It turned out that she had just entered the zero-degree space to check the progress of Dijiang's incubation.

Of course, the seven hours she mentioned was under the blessing of her time force field.

"very good!"

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Seven hours won't make him wait long.

"Yue'er, you go back to the zero-degree space now, continue to use the time force field to bless, let Di Jiang hatch earlier!"

"Yes, Master!"

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

Boom!

At this moment, the sky shook!

Heaven sent a reminder

[Blue Star Race Announcement: The third round of the Blue Star Realm competition for points hegemony is officially open! 】

[Reminder: The time limit for this round of competition is 7 days! 】

boom!

The game has finally started!

The entire Blue Star Realm is boiling!

Qin Feng also took a deep breath and took out the floating order.

"Master, look at the map! They have already moved!"

Feng Xi reminded in a low voice.

Qin Feng quickly looked at the map.

I saw the fifth division, the blue dots representing the nine mysterious leaders, began to move on the map, all heading towards Wuzhuangguan.

It can be seen that at the beginning of the game, the nine mysterious forces are all rushing to destroy Wuzhuangguan.

In their eyes, Wuzhuangguan is a new mysterious force, a soft persimmon that should be easily destroyed.

So, they are all going to grab points.

The nine mysterious forces didn't know that Qingchengzi had "Book of Changes" originally to help, and his comprehensive strength reached the peak of a demigod.

If these nine mysterious forces don't join forces, they just want to destroy Wuzhuangguan by themselves. I'm afraid it won't be that easy.

Looking at the sixth competition area, the Yu Xuanji of the Tiance Clan remained in place.

On the map, there are eight green light spots rushing towards the Tengkui people!

Obviously, the mysterious forces in the sixth division are going to gather at the Tengkui clan first, and then join forces to deal with the Tiance clan.

Qin Feng looked at the ninth division again.

I saw the light spot representing Taishi, and began to move on the map, the direction seemed to be the Tiance clan in the sixth division.

Seeing this, Qin Feng frowned slightly.

Without the movement of Taishi, Qin Feng would not be too worried about the Tiance Clan. With the addition of Taishi, the situation of the Tiance Clan is not good!

After all, the nine mysterious forces in the sixth division all rely on Taishi.

Their combined strength must be stronger than the Tiance Clan!

Similarly, the situation of Wuzhuangguan is not much better.

From the current point of view, Wuzhuangguan should be the first to be attacked!

As for the Tiance clan, at least the nine clans of Tengkui have to gather before launching an attack, which will give Qin Feng more time to clone.

In short, his two avatars have to speed up and rush over, but they can't damage their allies

Qin Feng looked at the forces in other divisions again, but there was no movement for the time being.

As for the ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation, they are not the leaders of the forces, they can only be regarded as the behind the scenes of the forces, and there is no point of their light on the map.

So, what is the movement of these two old monsters, I don't know at all!

However, Qin Feng can be sure that the two old monsters should come to him as soon as possible.

Don't think so much, he should act too!

hum!

With this in mind, Qin Feng activated the floating order.

Suddenly, the token golden light shines!

Boom!

The next second, the entire floating city trembled violently.

Boom boom boom!

Immediately afterwards, the entire floating city moved and quickly escaped towards the second division.

The stronger the strength, the faster you can control the floating city to move!

With Qin Feng's strength, he controlled the floating city, and the natural speed was extremely fast, and he was hundreds of miles away in a blink of an eye.

The move of Longyuan City shocked all the forces.

All the forces have seen it. The big red light spot representing Longyuan City and the small red light spot representing Qin Feng rushed to the second division together.

At this moment, the reincarnation clan is stationed in the sky.

Ancestor Samsara looked at the map in amazement.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he exclaimed: "Father, Qin Feng took his own nest and rushed to the second division at a very fast speed!"

Ancestor Samsara sneered: "I really didn't expect that this kid didn't hide in his old nest, but took the initiative to attack! I really don't know what to do!"

Ancestor Beiming also nodded slightly: "Yes! This Qin Feng child is a bit arrogant! The White Demon ancestor in the second competition area is a False God with extreme power. With the strength of Qin Feng's child, I am afraid it is not the White Demon ancestor. 's opponent!"

Ancestor Samsara sneered: "Then Qin Feng has the most power at the limit of the False God's limit. I'm afraid it's not good for him to go this time! Fellow Daoist Beiming, let's hurry over! To prevent Qin Feng from being killed by the ancestor of the white devil, the order in his hand The card is in the hands of the White Devil!"FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"right!"

Old Ancestor Beiming also changed his face greatly.

"Walk!"

At the moment, the two ancestors rushed towards the second division without saying a word.

The ten envoys, including the old lady Baihe, Heiyi, and Jinyu, followed closely behind.

After the reincarnation ancestor and others left, he looked at Dracula at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

"Dracula, go get ready! In a while, we'll take someone to the sixth division!"

"Yes! Young Master!"

Dracula respectfully leads the order.

Immediately, the two flew to the station square

Before leaving, Dracula glanced at the backs of Ancestor Samsara and the others, and there was a hint of joy in his eyes.

He knew that the reincarnation ancestor and others went to destroy Qin Feng.

This time, that Qin Feng is dead!

Then Longyuan City will certainly not be guaranteed!

These inferior Longbi people will end up worse than themselves in the end!

Thinking of this, the gloating color in Dracula's eyes became even stronger.

At the same moment, the Suiyue Clan stationed in the sky.

The old ancestor of the years looked at the map and frowned slightly.

He also did not expect that Qin Feng would take the initiative to attack the second division.

"Fellow Daoist years, this Qin Feng's child is really interesting. He actually took his own nest to kill him, and he is not afraid of being taken by others?!"

Beside the old ancestor of the years, a vicissitudes of life sounded.

It was a violent blue-robed old man with a thick beard on his face.

He is the helper invited by the old ancestors of the years - the ancestors of Wuwang!

"This guy is really stupid! He dares to take the initiative to attack the second division, he really doesn't know whether to live or die! Maybe, before we arrive, he will die at the hands of the White Devils."

The old ancestor of the years smiled coldly, and his tone was full of disdain for Qin Feng.

"Daoist Friends of the Years, you and I should hurry over there! Although there is a White Demon Taoist friend over there, the Samsara ancestor will also rush over. The White Demon is not an opponent of Samsara."

"Even if the White Demon snatches the token from Qin Feng, I'm afraid it will be snatched by the ancestors of Samsara again!"

With this reminder, the face of the old ancestor of the years changed slightly.

The second division is all people from their camp.

The White Demon Ancestor was naturally theirs.

He would rather the token fall in his own camp than let the reincarnation ancestor **** it away!

"Fellow Daoist is right! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two rushed towards the second division.

From the beginning to the end, the ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuwang did not take Qin Feng seriously.

The only thing they are afraid of is the reincarnation ancestor!

In this way, the three forces attacked the second division at the same time

At the same moment, the second division.

White Demon Race, in the discussion hall.

The tall and slender white demon ancestor, dressed in a moon-white robe, sat on the Taishi chair in the center of the hall.

The patriarch, Bai Ye, stood there respectfully.

Below the hall, there are dozens of elders standing.

At this moment, someone in the elder group exclaimed.

"Hey! Patriarch, look at the map! Qin Feng is taking the old nest and killing us in the second division!"

With this reminder, Bai Ye hurriedly looked at the map.

Ancestor White Demon on the side also aimed at the map.

After a while, Bai Ye said in surprise: "Ancestor, Qin Feng really took the initiative to kill him!"

The ancestor of the white devil smiled coldly: "Haha! This Qin Feng kid bullied me in the second division? With their strength, they dared to kill them, they are really courting death!"

Bai Ye took a deep breath: "Ancestor, that said, but we can't underestimate him! That Qin Feng can defeat Liudao Ancestor and become the leader of the Tiantian forces in the first competition area, after all, he has some skills."

The corners of the white demon ancestor's mouth twitched slightly, and he didn't care.

"The Six Dao Patriarch is of ordinary strength! He has never been the opponent of the old 027 husband. Qin Feng can defeat the Liu Dao Patriarch, which is nothing in the eyes of the old man."

"What's more, Qin Feng's child can defeat Liudao's ancestors, I'm afraid it relies on some luck and despicable means! The old man can't believe that a new challenger can defeat Liudao head-on in such a short period of time. !"

"However, what you said is also correct! After all, Longyuan City can become a force to control the sky. After all, there is some ability. You go and inform the other nine clans and let them come to my clan to gather and fight against Longyuan City together!"

Bai Ye was overjoyed: "Ancestor, that's how it should be! If the top ten mysterious forces in my second division join forces, they will be able to kill Longyuan City to the core! Qin Feng will definitely die!"

The ancestor of the white devil stroked his beard and smiled: "Let's arrange it! It's not too late!"

"Yes, old man!"

Immediately, Bai Ye ordered the clansmen to inform the other nine clans.