Majestic Desert Splendor
0:00 / 0:00

Just now, after a hard fight, he finally killed the level 7 mutant beast, the Golden Retriever.

He also rose to level 7 because of this, and also exploded a treasure.

All this is good luck!

Qin Feng: "what do you want?"

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng, I saw that you have two second-tier equipment for sale on the trading channel. I want the blood wolf sword among them."

Qin Feng: "Oh, what do you get in exchange?"

Liu Xuan: "It's the item I just revealed - the treasure chest synthesis card. This is its information, take a look!"

The next second, the picture information of the 'Treasure Box Synthesis Card' was pushed over.

In the private chat channel, there is a display function of time and space items, which is to facilitate the transaction of barter.

Qin Feng quickly looked at the information.

[Treasure chest synthesis card: a second-order item, a **** card blessed by heaven. Using this card, five low-level treasure chests can be combined into one high-level treasure box! 】

[Reminder: This synthetic card is only applicable to treasure chests below dark gold. 】

Fuck it~!

This card is awesome!

It is possible to combine low-level treasure chests into high-level treasure chests.

The only difficulty is that the treasure chest is rare, who can get five treasure chests at once?

This is also the reason why Liu Xuan wants to sell.

But for Qin Feng, that's not a problem at all.

He has thirteen silver treasure chests in his hand!

If you use five pieces of silver to make a golden treasure chest, you will make a lot of money!

[Silver treasure chest: 98% chance to open third-order items, 2% chance to open fourth-order items]

[Golden Treasure Chest: 98% chance to open fourth-order items, 2% chance to open fifth-order items]

In such a comparison, the value of a gold treasure chest is much more valuable than ten silver treasure chests.

After all, silver only has a very low probability of opening the fourth-order item, while gold can definitely open the fourth-order item, and there is a certain probability of opening the fifth-order item.

This synthetic card, he wants to decide!

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more excited he became.

On the other side, Liu Xuan felt a little nervous when he saw that Qin Feng didn't reply for a long time.

He thought Qin Feng didn't want to change, so he quickly added a condition.

Liu Xuan: "Boss Qin Feng, in addition to this synthetic card, I also add the corpse of the 7th-level mutant beast Golden Retriever, what do you think?"

Qin Feng: "Deal!"

Liu Xuan was overjoyed: "Thank you, Boss Qin Feng!"

Immediately, the two started trading.

After a few moments, the transaction is complete.

Qin Feng took out a golden card from the trading channel.

The front is a pentagram, and the back is full of complex divine patterns.

That is the treasure chest synthesis card!

As soon as the **** card was in hand, Qin Feng took out five silver treasure chests and activated the **** card.

Om~!

In the next second, the Shenka floated in the air, emitting a dazzling white light.

Afterwards, a great formation of five-pointed stars projected from the card.

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

Immediately afterwards, the five silver treasure chests slowly floated into the air and automatically flew towards the five-pointed star formation, which was distributed to the five formation eye positions.

Om~!

The big formation runs, intertwined with a burst of strong light!

Five treasure chests overlapped and merged.

After a while, the synthetic card disappeared, and the big formation also disappeared.

A golden treasure chest floated in the air.

[Reminder: The treasure chest has been synthesized, congratulations on getting a golden treasure chest! 】

Ha ha!

It worked!

A card plus five silver treasure chests, actually combined a golden treasure chest!

This is really big money!

Qin Feng happily received the golden treasure chest that fell from the sky......

Chapter 77 The Punisher

Qin Feng looked at the golden treasure chest in his hand and was in a good mood.

Suddenly, a light flashed in his mind.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

what! correct!

Since there is a 'treasure chest synthesis card', there is no rush to open the remaining silver treasure chests.

As long as he gets one or two more synthetic cards, he can get another one or two golden treasure chests!

How about a composite card?

He can go to the regional channel and publish the acquisition information!

There are more than 100 villages in the regional channel, and the probability of exploding the treasure chest synthesis card should not be small.

Thinking of this, he quickly opened the Tiandao light screen and entered the regional channel.

As soon as I entered, I saw that there was a lively chat inside.

Everyone was in awe.

"My God! It's only half an hour before and after, Qin Feng and the others won. This is too exaggerated!"

"But it's the truth!"

"Longguo people are really strong!"

"This is shocking!"

"Oh! I can't believe it's true, they must be relying on luck or cheating!"

"That's right! I also doubt the fairness of this bet!"

The two players from Western countries were both sour.

In this regional channel, there are more than one hundred villages.

In addition to the thirty villages rectified by Qin Feng, there are many villages from Western countries.

These dog things have never played against Qin Feng, so naturally they don't understand Qin Feng's horror, and they will be a little sour.

The Western prejudice against the people of the Dragon Kingdom has a long history.

It even reached a kind of indiscriminate between right and wrong, not looking at logic, but looking at problems based on emotional preferences.

Simply put, it has reached the level of brain damage!

Qin Feng shook his head secretly when he saw this.

He has once again witnessed the evil pen of Westerners.

The people of Longguo in the channel are both angry and funny.

Those two western guys are really brainless!

Their six villages played against thirty villages, and the battle was settled within half an hour.

This is obviously a 907 duel with a huge disparity in strength!

No matter how much you cheat, you can't do it.

Even the mentally retarded dare not think that they are cheating.

To what extent did those two Westerners have to be brainless to say such unreasonable words!

But before everyone could refute, another guy from the West jumped out.

"Oh! Two friends, I support your point of view. There is absolutely a problem with this bet! The people of Longguo are called the sick man of the East in history, they can't be that strong!"

As soon as these words came out, everyone in the Dragon Kingdom was furious.

But before they got angry, a group of people from the North Bear Country started to get angry.

"Shut up! You Western idiots are the sick man! The people of Longguo are so much stronger than you"

"That's right! The people of Longguo are really powerful, especially Mr. Qin Feng."

"The arrogance and prejudice of Westerners are synonymous with stupidity and ignorance. It's ridiculous!"

"In my eyes, Westerners are a bunch of clowns! Haha!"

"Yeah! I'm proud that we have an ally like the Dragon Kingdom."

At this moment, the people of 911 Village joined the battlefield.

Wu Yong: "Those Western idiots! You said we cheated? You ask the thirty villages that lost the game? Do they dare to fart now?"

Liu Yuan: "Haha! That's right! Of those thirty villages, they don't dare to emerge from hiding."

As soon as these words came out, everyone woke up.

right!

After Miyamoto Lang and others lost, they have not been bubbling, and they are much more obedient than the last time.

Obviously, they were scared of being beaten!

This shows that the people of Longguo defeated them by their strength.

And it was defeated within half an hour.

Thinking of this, all those neutral countries were startled, secretly thinking that the strength of the people of the Dragon Kingdom was really terrible.

The guys in the West have also begun to realize this.

At this moment, Lei Yu appeared,

Lei Jue: "Mad! Those idiots just now slandered our Dragon Country people as sick men. Brothers, remember which village they are from, and try to kill them later!"

Wu Yong: "Haha! It makes sense!"

Liu Yuan: "I took a small notebook and wrote it down, three guys, one from 87 village, one from 356 village, and one from 904 village!"

Gu Ming: "Nice job!"

As soon as these words fell, the few Westerners panicked.

"Oh! Friend, misunderstanding! Misunderstanding!"

"I buy it! We are just expressing some personal opinions!"

Wu Yong was furious: "Go to Nima's personal opinion! You call us sick men and trample on our dignity. This is your so-called personal opinion!"

Lei Jue: "These scumbags are double-standard and cheap!"

Liu Yuan: "I will write down all their names in the notebook, and I will not let them go!"

"Oh! People from the Dragon Kingdom, don't be arrogant! There are only one million people in this area. No matter how strong you are, you will be stronger in our No. 1 area. There are tens of billions of people in the world, and there must be someone stronger than you!"