Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Not long after, on the map of the second competition area, nine green light spots began to move, and they rushed to the White Demons.

The ten clan armies in the second division began to assemble, preparing to deal with Longyuan City together.

This scene naturally fell in Qin Feng's eyes.

He was unmoved, continued to control the floating city, and went straight to the White Devils station

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, three hours passed.

In the second division, the top ten forces have assembled!

There were 800,000 disciples of the ten clans gathered together, and the number was extremely large.

More than half of them are heaven-level powerhouses, and there are more than 700 people above the sky-level peak, and their momentum is extremely huge!

This kind of battle makes the White Demon ancestor very satisfied!

He thought in his heart, if the people from Longyuan City arrived and saw their battles like this, I'm afraid they would be frightened on the spot!

Thinking of this, the White Demon ancestor felt even more proud.

But he didn't know that although there were only 40,000 people in Longyuan City, none of them had a combat power lower than 100,000 stars.

It can be said that everyone is a combat power above the peak of the sky!

And there are more than 100 Long Yuan who have reached the demigod realm or above.

Compared with the combat power of the disciples, the ten White Demon clans combined can't compare to Longyuan City.

Not to mention, Qin Feng is compared with the ancestor of the white devil.

However, these ten white devil clans would never have thought of it.

The rest of the forces will never think of it.

At this moment, many forces are secretly observing the map.

Longyuancheng took the initiative to attack the second division.

The White Demons took the initiative to gather the strength of the ten tribes.

They all watched silently.

Today, the red light spot representing Longyuan City is getting closer and closer to the White Demon Clan.

That's about half an hour at the most!

A war is about to break out!

This may be the first battle of the third round of hegemony!

Many forces did not act immediately and seemed to want to see the outcome of this battle first.

Many forces began to discuss, how long can Longyuan City last?

Even the people of the Tiance Clan were secretly observing.

They were somewhat worried about Longyuan City.

In this way, an invisible onlooker unfolded in the dark

Chapter 601 Space Jump! Soldiers are coming to the city!

At this moment, the Myriad Tribulations Sea, somewhere in the sky.

A giant city in the sky, wearing a mask, flying rapidly over the sea!

Wherever it passed, the wind was blowing, the sky and the earth roared!

It stirred up to the surface of the sea, the waves were monstrous, and the momentum was astonishing!

That is the floating city!

At this moment, inside the mask of the floating city.

Qin Feng looked at the map and analyzed the situation of the four clones.

The wood spirit clone will soon be able to reach the third division, and it can be reached within half an hour at most.

The Bing Ling clone is also rushing to the fourth competition area, and there are still thirty or forty minutes away.

The Mirage clone is still an hour away from the fifth division.

The Moon Spirit clone is still an hour and a half away from the sixth division.

On the contrary, Qin Feng controls the floating city, and its flight speed is far less than that of the four clones.

After all, his clone's combat power has reached about 13 million stars, which is not far from the threshold of the true god.

In addition, the clones have mastered the S-level escape law, and other speeds are comparable to the initial stage of the true god, which is terrifyingly fast!

In this way, the speed of Qin Feng's army is the slowest.

However, the second division is the closest to the first division.

Qin Feng will be the first to arrive!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the White Demon Clan's residence.

I saw that the ten mysterious forces in the second division had already assembled at the White Demon Clan.

And in twenty minutes, he will be able to kill the White Demon Clan's station!

"Dad! Look! We can see the coastline!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded behind Qin Feng.

The little guy's tone was full of joy.

Qin Feng looked up and saw a slender coastline tens of thousands of miles away.

That's the coastline of the Second Division!

We're almost there!

Qin Feng also smiled.

"Master, when we destroy the top ten mysterious forces in the second division, the number of our sites will increase by ten."

Feng Xi's tone was full of anticipation.

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Yes! Dad, you have unlocked the 100,000-star combat power back-feeding, and there are still 23 sites left?"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

He also wants to unlock the 100,000-star feedback early!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

In that case, his combat power will skyrocket again.

For this reason, he sent the Wood Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone to attack the third and fourth divisions at the same time, just to grab the territory.

Afterwards, Qin Feng said again: "We can't be too happy! This time, I came with Floating Void City, just to attract the attention of the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of the years. When we arrive at the White Demons, I'm afraid they will will come one after another!”

As soon as these words came out, Feng Xi and Xiao Luan's expressions changed slightly, and they were suddenly worried!

Afterwards, Feng Xi said: "Master, then we have to take advantage of the arrival of the Old Ancestor of Samsara and the Old Ancestor of the Years, and destroy the ten clans including the White Demon. Otherwise, when the Old Ancestor of Reincarnation and others arrive, things will be even more troublesome! "

Qin Feng nodded: "Indeed!"

At the moment, he took out the floating order and accelerated the flight of the floating city.

At the same moment, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, somewhere in the sky.

More than a dozen figures are rushing towards the direction of the White Demons

This is the group of the ancestors of reincarnation.

"Fellow Daoist Samsara, look at the speed of Qin Feng's movement. In another twenty minutes, he will be able to reach the White Demons."

Ancestor Beiming glanced at the map with anxiety in his eyes.

Ancestor Samsara nodded: "Yeah! It will take about an hour and a half for us to arrive at the White Demon Clan. In this way, we can arrive an hour after Qin Feng and the White Demon Ancestor fight."

The ancestor of Beiming sighed: "Hey! I am afraid that Qin Feng will be taken by the ancestor of the white devil in less than an hour. After all, the ancestor of the white devil is the ultimate power of the virtual god!"

Ancestor Beiming's tone was a little anxious.

He is very concerned about the pass in Qin Feng's hands.

The ancestor of reincarnation also said anxiously: "It's hard to say! Qin Feng has to face not only the ancestor of the white devil, but also the leaders of ten mysterious forces."

"This arrogant child dares to ignore the mysterious forces when he thinks he has become the leader of the Tiantian forces. He really doesn't know how high the sky is!"

Ancestor Beiming sneered: "It is estimated that this time, there is no force to support him, let him feel shameless! What he is doing now is just eager to prove himself!"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded slightly: "It's still Daoist Beiming who sees it thoroughly! Let's speed up and rush over, lest the token fall into the hands of the white devil, and things will be even more troublesome!"

"Exactly!"

Immediately, the group accelerated and rushed towards the White Demons.

At the same time, in the sixth division, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky.

Yu Xuanji looked in the direction of the White Demons.

There was also a hint of anxiety on her extremely delicate face.

She saw that on the map, Longyuan City was moving fast, and it would not be long before she could meet the White Demons.

At this time, a white-haired old woman approached.

"Patriarch, looking at this situation, Longyuancheng is about to start a war with the White Demon and other ten clans!"

Yu Xuanji nodded slightly: "Yes! I don't know what the outcome will be?"

The white-haired old woman smiled bitterly: "I don't know what the result will be. Qin Feng acts so recklessly, I feel very unwise. Generally speaking, the forces that dare to take the initiative to attack must be much stronger than the defensive forces."

"But the overall strength of the first competition area has always been weaker than the second competition area. Longyuan City has become the suppressing force of the first competition area, which does not mean that they are stronger than the white devils and other ten clans!"

"What's more, the White Demon ancestor behind the White Demon Clan is still the ultimate power of the False God! His strength is among the powers of the Blue Star Realm, but he can be ranked in the top seven!"

Speaking of which, the white-haired old woman was worried.

Yu Xuanji sighed helplessly: "The matter has come to this point, and I have no power to change it. However, the battle between Longyuan City and the Ten White Demon Clan has a great impact! If Longyuan City wins, the whole world will be extremely shocked! I have the motivation to keep going.”

The white-haired old woman smiled bitterly: "The old man is not very optimistic about Qin Feng! Then again, what if Qin Feng loses?"

Yu Xuanji smiled wryly: "If he loses, we can only choose to surrender, and it's just the end! I hope the prophecy of the ancestors is accurate!"

Speaking of this, Yu Xuanji felt a little nervous in his heart.

Then, she looked at the white-haired old woman again.

"By the way, is there any movement from Teng Kui and the others?"

"Patriarch Hui, after the nine clans gathered, there has been no movement. However, Taishi is coming to our sixth division. They seem to be waiting for Taishi to meet."

Yu Xuanji frowned: "Tai Shi is here too, that would be a little troublesome."

"By the way, the patriarch, Yuan Chu is also coming to our competition area!"

The white-haired old woman reported again.

Yu Xuanji smiled slightly: "Interesting! Even the beginning of Yuan came here! He and Tai Shi have always been hostile. It seems that our sixth division will be very exciting!"

The white-haired old woman nodded: "Yes! Next, there may be a three-way melee!"

Yu Xuanji sighed: "Ignore them for now! What this deity is most concerned about now is the battle between Qin Feng and the ancestor of the white devil."

As soon as this matter was mentioned, Yu Xuanji's beautiful face was filled with worry again.

"yes!"

The white-haired old woman sighed helplessly.

At the moment, the two of them paid attention to the movement of Longyuan City again.

At the same moment, the White Demons stationed in the sky.

The ancestor of the white devil, who was wearing a moon-white robe, stood in the sky.

There were ten people standing respectfully behind him. It was Bai Ye and other ten mysterious clan chiefs, all of whom were demigods.

It can be seen from this point that the mysterious forces in the second division are much stronger than those in the first division.