Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Ancestor White Demon was stunned for a while before he recovered.

He couldn't help but take a deep breath!

I didn't expect it!

All of Long Yuan's disciples had combat power above the peak of the sky!

For this alone, neither the Reincarnation nor the Years can do it.

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed that there was such a force in the world, everyone was like a dragon!

The eyes of the ancestors of the white devil flowed from everyone in Longyuan

The more he looked, the more shocked he became!

He discovered that among the disciples of Long Yuan, more than 100 people were half-gods in the early stage.

This amount is staggering!

Immediately afterwards, he saw that the combat power of Xiang Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan had reached the middle stage of demigods.

The shock in the eyes of the ancestors of the white devil is even stronger!

Then, his eyes swept across Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, Qi Yue, and Jumang.

A big battle is about to start, and Qiyue also came out of the zero-dimensional space.

However, Qiyue, Fengxi, Xiaoluan'er, and Jumang didn't show their aura, and the white devil ancestor didn't see the details of the four.

Of course, the White Demon ancestor didn't pay much attention.

Those disciples in front were enough to shock him!

In the end, the gaze of the ancestor of the white devil fell on Qin Feng, with a complex look in his eyes.

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum did not unfold, and he did not see the details.

However, the ancestor of the white devil can be sure that Qin Feng is definitely above the peak of the demigod, and may even reach the early stage of the virtual god.

Otherwise, how could he be able to control the three mid-stage demigod subordinates, as well as the 40,000 peak heavenly powerhouses.

It can be seen that he underestimated Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng before!

In his opinion, the team of 40,000 Longyuan's children, together with Qin Feng, should be able to fight against the middle stage of the False God.

With such a calculation, it is not surprising that Longyuan City can become a force to control the sky!

However, such strength is not enough to see in front of him.

After all, he is the ultimate power of the False God, and can easily suppress the middle stage of the False God!

Thinking of this, the corners of the white demon ancestor's mouth slightly curled up, and a burst of arrogance and confidence surged in his heart.

It's as if he's in control of the situation!

He didn't know that he still underestimated Long Yuancheng, and greatly underestimated Qin Feng!

At the same moment, Hei Yu and others also recovered from their shock.

They looked a little embarrassed!

Especially Hei Yu, who was slapped the most loudly!

However, he was very unconvinced.

At this moment, he stared at Qin Feng jealously, and his heart was full of anger.

He didn't believe it at all, just this kid in the heaven-level realm, condensed the heaven-suppressing artifact with his own strength.

It was at this moment that the White Demon Ancestor finally spoke.

"Are you Qin Feng?"

Ancestor White Demon raised his chin slightly and asked arrogantly.

He is asking knowingly.

"Who is Your Excellency?"

Qin Feng also looked at the white devil ancestor curiously.

He had long recognized that the old man was a False God extreme power.

However, on the map, there are only Bai Ye, Zheng Xianxian and Zheng Xianxian taking the frame./

"The old man is the ancestor of the White Demon Clan!"

Ancestor White Demon did not hide anything.

"Boy, it's stupid of you to bring troops to invade our clan! Today, you must have come and gone!"

The corners of the white demon ancestor's mouth were slightly upturned, revealing a playful smile.

"Not necessarily!"

Qin Feng smiled lightly.

Just as the white demon ancestor was about to answer, Hei Yu spoke first.

"Senior White Demon! This kid has sharp teeth and a sharp mouth. I don't need to talk nonsense with him. Let this junior try his skills first to see how capable he is?"

Hei Yu took the initiative to invite Ying!

Before, he was slapped in the face by Long Yuancheng, and he was in a hurry to find the scene.

At the same time, he really didn't feel that Qin Feng had the strength to condense the divine artifact.

Ancestor White Demon's heart moved.

He was also curious about what kind of strength Qin Feng was, and it would be better for Hei Yu to try it.

Having said that, it's just a phantasmagoria, and it's just empty.

And he is a phantom god, so for a small heaven-level role, he may not have to do it himself.

Thinking of this, the ancestor of the white devil nodded slightly: "Alright!

Hei Yu smiled confidently: "Senior, you don't need three moves, the junior can solve this kid with one move!"

boom!

As soon as the words fell, Hei Yu suddenly rushed towards Qin Feng!

This guy shot, obviously with a hint of suspicion of sneak attack.

Everyone held their breath and looked carefully!

They also want to know, what kind of strength is this Qin Feng?

In the blink of an eye, Hei Yu came to the front!

Swish!

Cold light flashes!

Hei Yu raised his hand and slashed at Qin Feng!

Ten thousand zhang knife light, soaring into the sky!

His aura exploded in an instant!

The aura of the pinnacle of the demigod was overwhelming, astonishing!

The children of the ten clans, including the White Demon, were amazed.

Even the ancestor of the white devil nodded slightly, thinking that Hei Yu's strength is not bad, I wonder if Qin Feng can stop it?

After all, Qin Feng was in the heaven-level realm, and he still doubted that Qin Feng was not strong.

"Boy! Go to hell!"

Swish!

Knife light falls!

Approaching Qin Feng's scalp!

Hei Yu's face is ferocious, and his eyes are full of ruthlessness!

That was his full force, and he didn't hold back at all, vowing to split Qin Feng in half!

Seeing this scene, the disciples of the ten clans all had anticipation in their eyes.

They expected that Hei Yu would be able to split Qin Feng in half!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng took action.

I saw him shoot it out with a random palm, and actually hit the long knife with the fleshy palm!

Bai Mo and the others were stunned!

With the palm of the hand against the weapon?

This Qin Feng is really arrogant!

But this idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

I saw that knife and palm, instantly intersected!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Qin Feng broke the long knife with one palm!

Snapped!

Another explosion!

The remaining power of that palm was slapped on Kan Hei Yu again, and directly slapped him into a meat sauce, and the blood mist was flying all over the sky!

hum!

The next second, the broken long knife lit up with aura, shrouded in the meat sauce, and wanted to resurrect Hei Yu.

It turned out that the long knife was actually transformed by a divine object!

call out!

But at this moment, silver light flashed in Qin Feng's eyes, and the soul-destroying stimulus shot out, instantly blasting into the body of the knife, hitting the hidden soul within it!

puff!

A soft sound!

The soul body is instantly shattered!

In the body of the knife, Hei Yu's shrill screams came out!

When he died, he never thought that he was protected by a divine object, but he couldn't hold it for a second, and he died!

boom!

This scene happened so fast!

The whole audience was dumbfounded!

Even the White Demon ancestor was stunned!

Hei Yu has a divine object to protect his body, and it can be continuously resurrected. Even if the False God is powerful in the middle stage, he will never think of completely killing it in such a short period of time.

But Qin Feng killed Hei Yu in less than a second!

This is too fast!

If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, they wouldn't have believed it at all!

At this moment, the field was dead silent, and everyone's eyes widened, looking at Qin Feng in disbelief.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

call out!

It was at this moment that the long sword transformed by the divine object disappeared out of thin air.

In this third round of hegemony, the leader of the mysterious force was completely killed, and his divine artifact would be recovered by Heavenly Dao.

When the leader of the Suppressing Heaven was killed, the Heaven Suppressing Artifact in his hand would remain for three minutes.

If no one can refine it within three minutes, Heavenly Dao will also recover.