Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the divine object disappeared, another dazzling white light flew from Hei Yu's body and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[You have successfully killed the Hidden One (Demi-God Peak), you have obtained +4 million attributes, +40 billion energy points, and +4 million points. 】

[Reminder: In this game, your tenfold reward has been automatically activated! 】

good! good!

4 million attributes!

Equivalent to 80,000-star combat power!

This tenfold reward!

It's so powerful!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was amazed!

[Your attack on the Hidden One (the peak of the demigod) succeeded, and a deed card (the residence of the Black Fang tribe) was released]

As the prompt sounded, another land deed card and a storage ring appeared on the corpse.

good!

Another gain!

Especially that land card, it is one of the items he needs most.

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he put away the title deed card and storage ring.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

At this time, Bai Mo and other talents reacted, and there was an exclamation in the field!

"God! He killed fellow Daoist Hei Yu in one second!"

"Damn it! He killed my family head!"

The disciples of the Black Fang clan were even more mourning.

"Damn little thief!"

Immediately afterwards, the sky-shattering roar of the White Demon ancestor sounded in the field!

Boom!

In the next second, the ancestor of the white devil rushed towards Qin Feng with monstrous anger.

The terrifying aura made the world tremble.

In the blink of an eye, the ancestor of the white devil came to the front, and with a palm to the sky, slapped Qin Feng wildly.

The imaginary power of the False God's limit exploded, and it suddenly reached 9 million stars, making the world change color!

With this palm, the White Demon ancestor used all his strength.

He wants to slap Qin Feng with a palm to get his face back.

At this moment, Qin Feng also shot!

With a direct palm, he greeted the palm of the White Demon Ancestor!

The palms meet instantly!

boom!

An earth-shattering explosion!

click! click! click!

In a radius of a hundred miles, the heaven and the earth are cracked!

The space around the two was shattered inch by inch!

In the next second, the ancestor of the white devil roared miserably, vomited blood and flew out, rolling over a million feet all the way!

Everyone was shocked!

Bai Ye and the others all opened their eyes wide, their eyeballs were about to fall out, and they were all shocked and pale!

They didn't know that Qin Feng didn't use all his strength, just a random palm, and he severely injured the ancestor of the white devil.

If Qin Feng used the sacred artifact, various equipment, and the power of sacrifice, the ancestor of the white devil would be even more miserable!

Before Bai Ye and others could react, Qin Feng gave the order.

"Go!"

boom! boom! boom! boom!

As soon as the words fell, Qiyue, Xiaoluan'er, Fengxi, and Jumang's momentum began to unfold.

The shocking situation of 1 million stars, 1.2 million stars, 1.3 million stars, and 2 million stars broke out!

"God! They have four super strong!"

Bai Ye and the others screamed in fright!

"Kill!"

In the next second, Feng Xi and the four led the 40,000 Longyuan disciples to kill the ten tribes.

With a flash of white light on Qin Feng's body, it was divided into two parts, the extreme yang and the extreme yin.

Afterwards, the body of Jiyang chased and killed the ancestor of the white devil.

The very yin body split into 1024 fission variants in an instant, each of which has the peak combat power of a demigod.

In the next second, 1024 extremely yin fission variants also killed the children of the ten clans

Suddenly, the shrill screams came one after another!

As soon as the two sides came into contact, Long Yuancheng killed the ten white devil clans to pieces, taking the absolute upper hand!

It was a one-sided slaughter in the field!

Countless white light that feeds back madly pours into Qin Feng's body!

A harvest feast begins here

Chapter 603 100 million attributes! Amazing harvest!

At this moment, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy value, and point points are soaring wildly!

Ten times the reward blessing!

It's so powerful!

Swish!

At the same moment, Ji Yang's body also killed in front of the white devil ancestor.

The White Demon Ancestor had just stabilized his figure, and when he saw Ji Yang's body being killed, his face turned pale with fright!

At this moment, he already knew the horror of Qin Feng.

Just a face to face, he already knew that Qin Feng's combat power has reached the threshold of the true **** realm!

OMG!

A kid in the heaven-level realm, his combat power can reach the threshold of the true **** realm.

Before that, he didn't even dare to think about it!

In front of the true **** powerhouse, the ultimate power of the virtual **** has no resistance at all.

In this way, how dare he fight Qin Feng? !

call out!

It was at this moment that a ray of light flashed in the hands of Ji Yang's body, and the Sword of Punishment appeared.

boom!

Immediately afterwards, a pair of huge divine wings suddenly unfolded on his back, which were the divine wings of the surveyor.

click! click! click!

Then, a layer of battle armor appeared on his body, which was the air-splitting battle armor!

hum! hum! hum! hum!

In the next second, the Xingxing Sword, the Sky Surveying Divine Wing, the Sky Splitting Battle Armor, and the Heaven Chushen Ring all lit up!

Human-machine in one!

The four artifacts have fed back their combat power one after another!

Suddenly, the momentum of Jiyang's body was soaring, and it rose to 15.9 million stars in a blink of an eye, which was extremely terrifying!

This is a proper True God's initial combat power!

It is much stronger than the threshold of True God!

Ancestor White Demon was so frightened that his face was pale!

Until this moment, he didn't know how much he underestimated Qin Feng!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Ji Yang's body has already shot!

Swish!

The Sword of Xing Xing is slashed!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, splitting the sky!

Sword Intent completely locked the ancestor of the white devil, making it unavoidable!

Roar!

Ancestor White Demon roared furiously!

He wanted to escape, but it was too late, so he could only take a sword!

At this moment, his mind moved, and his blood was soaring!

Boom!

Immediately, white hairs grew on his face, neck, and arms, his body swelled rapidly, and his aura also soared.

In the blink of an eye, he turned into a monster with white hair, ape-like human, and his momentum skyrocketed, suddenly reaching 10 million stars!

That is the upper limit of the False God's limit of combat power!

It turned out that the ancestor of the white devil possessed the bloodline talent of the SS-level Bai Ze divine beast!

At this moment, he pushed his bloodline talent to the extreme, turning it into a half-human, half-beast state, in order to maximize his defense, delusionally wanting to hold that sword!

In the state of blood demonization, his defense is astonishing, and he can even withstand the initial blow of the True God!

But Qin Feng's attack is so easy to resist!

He awakened a bunch of S-level, SS-level, and SSS-level attack-type laws!

Under the same attack power, his attack can crush the same level!

Swish!

The sword light falls!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Ji Yang's main body slashed the White Demon ancestor into two halves!

Roar!

A terrifying roar resounded in the sky!

Ancestor White Demon never imagined that the bloodline defense he was proud of would not be able to stop even a single sword!

Not far away, the ten clan disciples cried out in despair when they saw this scene!

They originally pinned some hope on the ancestors of the white devil.

Right now, they are completely desperate!