Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Even the last bit of fighting spirit collapsed in an instant!

At this moment, the disciples of Long Yuan killed them to pieces!

Qin Feng's 1024 extremely yin body swept the audience, so that no dozens of children fell in a pool of blood

There are countless white lights that feed back, madly pouring into his body

Jumang also turned into three thousand, swept the audience, and killed extremely sharply.

In just a moment, more than 800,000 children of ten tribes were slaughtered by more than 200,000

"Escape! Escape!"

"Forgive your life! Forgive your life!"

"Surrender! I surrender!"

At this moment, the scene is extremely chaotic!

The disciples of the ten clans fled one after another, but how could the disciples of Long Yuan let them go?

However, on the other side, Ji Yang's body slashed the ancestor of the white devil with a sword, and before he could be happy, the mutation suddenly occurred.

boom!

A blast!FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The corpse of the ancestor of the white devil exploded, turning into a blood mist.

Afterwards, the blood mist rolled and merged, and the ancestor of the white devil wanted to be resurrected!

Ji Yang's body sneered, and swung his sword towards the blood mist.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

boom! boom! boom!

Suddenly, the sword light in the field filled the sky, and the roar continued!

In the blood fog, the hidden soul aura of the ancestor of the white devil fell madly along the way.

In this way, Long Yuan's battle against the second division has completely controlled the situation.

At the same moment, in the sixth division, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky.

Yu Xuanji looked at the map in astonishment.

The white-haired old woman on the side was also stunned!

Just now, they saw Longyuan City jump, and suddenly jumped from tens of thousands of miles to the White Demon Clan's station!

This surprised them a little!

But before they could think about it, the green light spot representing Hei Yu inexplicably collapsed.

In the White Devil's residence, there were only nine small green light spots left.

This sudden change caught them by surprise!

Not only them, but all the forces in the Blue Star Realm who are concerned about this war are in an uproar!

As we all know, once the light is extinguished, it means that it has been completely killed!

But Hei Yu is a mysterious leader, protected by a divine object, and is still a peak powerhouse of a demigod!

If you want to kill him, even if the False God is very powerful in the early stage, it will not be so fast!

What's more, in the White Demon Station, there are still White Demon ancestors guarding!

what happened?

In the end what happened? !

All the forces are puzzled one by one!

At this moment, Yu Xuanji and the white-haired old woman were equally astonished.

After a while, the two came back to their senses and looked at each other.

"My God! Patriarch, as soon as Longyuan City arrived, Hei Yu was destroyed. What the **** happened?"

The white-haired old woman looked in disbelief.

This is completely different from what she expected!

Yu Xuanji was also shocked!

She took a deep breath and said, "Perhaps it was Qin Feng's sudden appearance that caught Hei Yu by surprise, and killed him on the spot!"

Yu Xuanji analyzed it seriously.

On that map, she could only see the number and location of the light spots, but not any combat situation, so she could only guess.

Hearing that, the white-haired old woman was surprised: "Patriarch, do you think Qin Feng did it? Judging from the current situation, Hei Yu should have been killed in seconds!"

"But Hei Yu is the leader of the power at the peak of the demigod, and he is accompanied by a divine object. If you want to kill him in seconds, you can't do it even in the early stage of the False God, at least the powerhouse above the middle stage of the False God."

"According to what you said, Qin Feng, like you, has the strength of the middle stage of the False God?"

"This," Yu Xuanji was also a little surprised.

If Qin Feng has more than mid-stage False God combat power, isn't that talent stronger than her?

After all, Qin Feng appeared in this world for a very short time.

In such a short period of time, the combat power of the mid-stage False God has been reached, and this talent is too terrifying!

It can be said that it is much more powerful than her!

She is the first genius in the Blue Star Realm. She has always been confident in her talent, and some can't believe that Qin Feng can surpass her.

"Patriarch, I feel that Qin Feng is unlikely to have the strength of the mid-stage False God. There are very few talents in this world that can rival yours!"

"Even if Qin Feng has the same talent as you, it is impossible to have the strength of the middle stage of the False God in such a short period of time!"

"By the way, the old man has figured it out! Longyuan City should be a space jump, suddenly appearing at the White Demon Clan's station, this move is too unexpected!

"It is estimated that before Hei Yu could react, he was besieged and killed by Qin Feng and his subordinates together! This is equivalent to a sneak attack, but it does work!"

The white-haired old woman analyzed it self-righteously.

Later, she sighed again: "Even if it was a sneak attack, Qin Feng and his men could kill Hei Yu in one second, which means that he has the strength above the initial stage of False God. Otherwise, he would not be able to kill Hei Yu in one second!"

"It can be seen that this Qin Feng is quite good, and his strength is no longer lower than that of the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty and Taishi. It is also well-deserved to be the leader of the Tiantian forces!"

The white-haired old woman sighed and recognized Qin Feng quite a bit!

In her opinion, Qin Feng can have the initial strength of False God, and she feels very good.

Yu Xuanji also nodded slightly, feeling that this Qin Feng is very good.

At the very least, her talent is not inferior to her, or even higher, much better than that of Yuan Chu and Tai Shi.

At this time, the white-haired old woman said again: "However, Qin Feng will be in big trouble next! Although he relied on sneak attacks, he killed Hei Yu in seconds. But in the White Demon's station, the White Demon ancestor is guarding. Wait for the White Demon ancestor to react. Come here, how can you let him go?!"

Speaking of this, the white-haired old woman's tone was full of worry.

"right!"

There was also a hint of worry on Yu Xuanji's beautiful face.

"Mother Yusang, let me keep watching! I hope Qin Feng will be fine!"

Yu Xuanji murmured and opened the map again.

Unconsciously, she became more concerned about Qin Feng's safety.

"Hey! Let's see, if the old man is not bad, the next nine green light spots, Qin Feng can't move! I don't know"

Before Granny Yusang finished her words, the mutation happened again.

puff!

I saw that on the map, another green light spot collapsed.

0

That's the green light spot that represents the white night!

OMG!

The night was also destroyed!

How is this going?

Granny Yusang was so shocked she was speechless!

Yu Xuanji was also dumbfounded!

But before they think about it, the mutation happened again!

puff! puff! puff!

That represents the green light spots of the leaders of the ten major forces in the second competition area, one after another shattered!

In a blink of an eye, all the green light spots went out!

Only the big green light spot that represents the White Demon clan's residence remains!

The two of Yu Xuanji were immediately stunned!

Very quiet in the field!

At this moment, not only them, but all the forces in the Blue Star Realm were completely dumbfounded!

At the same moment, the White Demons stationed in the sky.

Ji Yang's body continued to smash, the blood mist formed by the ancestor of the white devil.

In the blood mist, the begging voice of the ancestor of the white devil's soul body continued to be heard!

"Master Qin Feng! Forgive your life! Forgive your life! The old man admits defeat! The old man surrenders!"

At this moment, the ancestor of the white devil prayed for surrender.

His soul aura is getting weaker and weaker, and he can't support it for long.

Ji Yang body sneered in his heart!

He can spare others, but he must not spare these False God realm hiders!

Letting these people stay in the Blue Star Realm is a big hidden danger for him to rule the Blue Star Realm in the future!

Thinking of this, the eyebrows of Ji Yang's body suddenly split open, and the divine pupil of the **** of punishment appeared!

call out!

In the next second, a divine light of divine punishment shot out from the divine pupil, directly piercing the blood mist!

puff!

A light to!

Soul body shattered!

0

An extremely mournful roar came from the blood fog!

"Ah! The old man is unwilling! Qin Feng child, I can't curse to death! Ah!"

A shrill roar echoed in the void!

A False God is powerful, and the way of life and death disappears like this!

Then, several corpses rolled out from the blood mist!

Another dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into the body of Ji Yang.

[You have successfully killed the hider (Void God Limit), you have obtained +100 million attributes]

[You successfully killed the hider (Void God Limit), you obtained +900 billion energy points]

[You successfully killed the hider (Void God Limit), and you got +20 million points. 】

[You successfully killed the hider (Void God Limit), and you gained +300 reputation. 】

boom!