Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Oh my God!

Reward 100 million attribute points!

This is so exaggerated!

Qin Feng was ecstatic!

He had already prepared in his heart, knowing that the tenfold reward blessing, the reward is very powerful!

It's just that he didn't expect that the force would be so exaggerated!

It's so cool!

Ha ha!

This time, he is going to make a profit!

Having said that, killing the hider will increase your prestige.

Last time, he gained 300 reputation by killing Liudao Patriarch.

This time, killing the ancestor of the white devil is still 300 reputation.

It seems that the prestige reward is not included in the blessing of ten times the reward.

However, Qin Feng is already very satisfied.

With these 300 reputation points, his reputation has reached 7500 points.

He is very clear that this reputation will continue to rise, and he will definitely gain great benefits!

And in this third round of hegemony, there will be many hiders, and he can also gain a lot of prestige.

At this thought, Qin Feng was very much looking forward to it!

hum!

At this moment, the body of Jiyang lit up an upgraded white light.

【Your level has been promoted to level 66! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2000 points! 】

【You get 1000 free attributes! 】

good! good!

Level up again!

Since the last time he refined the Qualification Divine Pill, his attributes have doubled.

The anode body showed a satisfied smile!

His goal is to rise to level 70 to prepare for the next Shenwu assessment.

The lower-level Shenwu assessment, the level threshold is 60, which belongs to the semi-divine realm assessment.

For the advanced Shenwu assessment, the level threshold is 70, which belongs to the False God realm assessment.

He wants to rise to level 70 and complete the assessment of two realms in one fell swoop.

Now, he is one step closer to this goal.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is in a good mood.

Then, with another wave of his hand, a storage ring flew out of the blood mist and fell into his palm.

That is the storage ring of the white devil ancestor!

Ji Yang's body picked up the storage ring and glanced at it, his eyes showed ecstasy.

He found another surprise harvest!

Chapter 604 Unexpected rewards! Gold Points!

I saw that there was a low-grade artifact in the storage ring, a black magic gun.

Artifact!

Extremely rare!

Even if the False God is powerful, not everyone has it!

Not everyone can have a bunch of artifacts like Qin Feng.

Well now, he got another one.

In fact, Qin Feng has no shortage of attack-type artifacts.

But the three girls, Jumang and Fengxi, didn't have divine weapons, so they could just use them.

Thinking of this, Jiyang body put away the storage ring with satisfaction.

There are still many treasures and resources in the storage ring, but he has no time to check them.

After putting away the storage ring, Ji Yang's body turned to look at the corpse of the white devil ancestor.

correct!

When he fought with the ancestor of the white devil before, he sensed that this old monster had SS-level bloodline talent

Thinking of this, Jiyang body hurriedly stepped forward, came to the corpse, and began to extract

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the middle-grade Bai Ze divine blood (low-grade divine rank)]

what!

It was actually the blood of a low-grade god!

Extremely positive body rejoice!

This kind of god-blood pair's strength improvement is of great help!

correct!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

There should be!

With this in mind, he continued to extract

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the middle-grade Bai Ze divine blood (low-grade divine rank)]

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the middle-grade Bai Ze divine blood (low-grade divine rank)]

【Endless extraction failed! The divine blood contained in this corpse has already been extracted by you]

After extracting it three times in a row, he got two more drops of divine blood.

So far, he has obtained a total of three drops of the middle-grade Bai Ze blood (low-grade god)

good! good!

This harvest is huge!

The body of Ji Yang was satisfied with the divine blood, and waved his hand to release a ball of divine fire, turning the corpse of the ancestor of the white devil into ashes.

The old monster of the False God realm, the method is very strange!

He couldn't give these old monsters a chance to resurrect, he had to turn them to ashes.

After processing the scene, Ji Yang's body looks at the battlefield not far away

I saw Long Yuan go up and down, killing the disciples of the ten clans.

In just a short while, they have killed more than 500,000 people, and 300,000 people are fleeing everywhere!

call out! call out! call out!

Ji Yang's body immediately turned into 1024 fission bodies, chasing and killing those ten clan children who fled.

With his addition, the speed at which the children of the ten clans were beheaded increased again.

At the same time, in the sixth division, Tiance was stationed in the sky.

Yu Xuanji and Granny Yusang had recovered from their shock.

"My God! Heiyu, Baiye, and Lanliu, the ten powerful leaders of the second division, have all been wiped out!"

Granny Yusang was amazed!

Yu Xuanji also nodded slightly: "Yes! They were all killed in a very short period of time! What happened in the White Demon Clan's residence?"

"Patriarch, Qin Feng did all this, right?"

"It's reasonable to say that it's impossible! That White Demon Ancestor is the ultimate power of the False God! Qin Feng killed Hei Yu, which can also be interpreted as a sneak attack. Then, if the White Demon Ancestor makes a move, how can he kill Bai Ye?"

Granny Yusang's heart moved: "Could it be that he killed the ancestor of the white devil?"

Afterwards, she shook her head again and again: "Impossible! It's absolutely impossible! If you want to kill the ancestor of the white devil, you must at least have the threshold of true **** combat power. But in the entire Blue Star Realm, there are less than five people whose strength is above the true god!"

Yu Xuanji also whispered: "Yeah! How long has Qin Feng been in this world? It shouldn't be possible to have the power of a true **** so quickly!"

Granny Yusang nodded slightly: "Patriarch, the old man thinks this is weird! Do you think this is the case? When Qin Feng arrived, the ancestor of the white devil had not had time to leave the customs, only Bai Ye, Hei Yu and others were present."

"Qin Feng just took this opportunity to kill Bai Ye, Hei Yu and others. It's too late when the ancestor of the White Demon leaves the customs!"

Yu Xuanji's eyes lit up: "It's possible! If this is the case, Qin Feng at least has the strength of the peak of the False God. Only in this way can he kill Bai Ye, Hei Yu and others in such a short period of time."

"However, he will face the White Demon ancestor next! It must be a **** battle!"

Granny Yusang nodded: "Yes! However, if Qin Feng has the peak strength of the False God, even if he can't beat the ancestor of the white devil, he has the ability to escape. It seems that Qin Feng is really not weak! The ancestor's prophecy, It's quite accurate!"

"yes!"

Yu Xuanji looked at the direction of the second competition area, and there was a hint of thought in his eyes.

At this moment, she admires the ancestor more and more.

However, according to the prophecy of the ancestors, it was difficult for her to let their family recognize Qin Feng as the master.

Besides, only the peak strength of the False God requires her to recognize Qin Feng as the master, she can't do it!

The person who can be her master must have unparalleled talent and strength!

In other words, Qin Feng must at least have the strength to defeat the ancestor of the white devil.

But, can Qin Feng do it?

Thinking of this, she looked at Granny Yusang.

"Mother-in-law, do you think Qin Feng has a chance to win the battle with the White Demon ancestor?"

Granny Yusang pondered for a while and said, "It's hard to say! I think it's unlikely that he will win, but he shouldn't worry about his life! In fact, if you want to know who wins and who loses, you'll know soon. "

"How to say?"

"Patriarch, if Qin Feng loses, he will definitely escape with Long Yuan's lair. If the ancestor of the White Devil loses, the green light spot representing the White Devil's residence will also disappear in the end."

"It makes sense! Then let's see!"

Yu Xuanji nodded slightly.

Afterwards, the two continued to watch the changes on the map

At the same time, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, on the sea near the coastline of the sixth division.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, with 100,000 reincarnation children, they densely resided in the air.

He is leading the army to the sixth division.

At this moment, he also saw the change on the map, and he was very shocked!

Behind him, Dracula looked even more incredulous.

Before, Dracula was still thinking, Qin Feng must be in bad luck for killing the White Devils so recklessly.

But he didn't want to, but the final result was that Qin Feng killed ten power leaders including Bai Ye and Hei Yu!

What exactly is going on?

Is Longyuan City really that strong?