Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This is impossible!

How could those inferior Longbi people have such strength?

At this moment, Dracula was so jealous that he felt very uncomfortable.

"Damn!"

At this time, the curse of the early Yuan Dynasty sounded in the field.

He did not expect that Longyuan City would behave like that.

"What happened to the White Demon Station? Why did the light spots of Bai Ye, Hei Yu and others disappear?"

Curse at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

He vaguely felt that Qin Feng should have done all this.

If Qin Feng really did it, then Qin Feng is indeed better than him and Tai Shi!

Yu Xuanji's choice of Qin Feng over him and Taishi seems to be a good explanation.

At this thought, the jealousy at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty was even stronger, and my heart was very unpleasant.

"Young Master, I think this matter is strange, and it may not be Qin Feng who did it. It stands to reason that Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng don't have that strength!"

Dracula stepped forward to comfort him.

Yuan Chu frowned: "Then what do you think is the reason?"

"this"

Dracula racked his brains to find some reason, but couldn't find it.

He really didn't want to admit that those Longbi people were excellent.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was annoyed: "That's it! Don't mention that Qin Feng's child, he won't live long anyway. My father and the ancestor of Beiming will soon arrive at the White Demon's station. At that time, Qin Feng will not be far away from death. It's gone!"

Since Yu Xuanji chose Qin Feng, at the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he expected Qin Feng to be destroyed sooner.

Dracula's eyes lit up: "Yes! The master is coming soon, that Qin Feng won't live long!"

Hearing this, Yuan Chu's expression softened a little.

Afterwards, he sneered: "Although Qin Feng killed Bai Ye, Hei Yu and others, in the White Devil's residence, the real powerful ancestor is the White Devil ancestor. Next, there must be a **** battle between him and the White Devil ancestor."

"Young Master, who do you think will win between Qin Feng and the White Demon ancestor?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he sneered: "That must be the ancestor of the White Devil! The ancestor of the White Devil is the ultimate power of the False God! And Qin Feng's child is only a challenger after all!"

"This young master can't believe that he can defeat the limit of False God in such a short period of time. If this is the case, it is a miracle! There will never be such a miracle in this world!"

Dracula said with a smile: "Oh! Young Master, you are so reasonable! The subordinates also feel that Qin Feng is definitely not the opponent of the White Demon ancestor. If he can defeat the White Demon ancestor, it will be fine for his subordinates to eat shit. It's a pity, this is absolutely impossible to happen!"

But as soon as these words fell, a mutation suddenly occurred!

Boom!

The sky shook, and the voice of the Dao of Heaven resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', killed the hider, the ancestor of the White Demon (Void God Limit), and obtained +4 gold points. 】

[Reminder: In this round of hegemony competition, any player who kills the hiders of the enemy camp will get gold points. 】

[Killing the hider in the early stage of False God will get 1 gold point. 】

[Killing the hider in the middle stage of False God will get 2 gold points. 】

[Killing the hider at the peak of False God will get 3 gold points. 】

[Killing the hider of the virtual **** limit can get 4 gold points. 】

[Killing the hiders in the early stage of True God will get 5 gold points, and so on]

[Reminder: The hider kills the hider, there is no gold reward points]

[Reminder: After the game, gold points can be exchanged for advanced resources. For example: 20 gold points can be exchanged for a Holy Land Pass (Second Floor)]

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was stunned!

This news is so shocking!

Everyone can't believe their ears!

At this moment, above the sea.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, Dracula was struck by five thunders, and he was stunned on the spot!

The 100,000 reincarnation disciples were completely stunned!

I don't know how long it took before everyone calmed down.

"How is this possible! Qin Feng actually killed the ancestor of the white devil?"

Dracula seemed to have been severely hit, shaking his head again and again, and muttering in his mouth.

"Humph!"ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Just then, a snort sounded beside him.

Dracula looked up and saw Yuan Chu looked at him gloomily.

He suddenly felt something was wrong.

Before he could think about it, he spoke at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

"Dracula, along the way, you have been in front of this young master, saying that the Longbi people are inferior races, not as good as you Western whites!"

"But why does Qin Feng have the strength to kill the limit of the False God, and you are only the strength of the middle stage of the demigod? With such a huge difference, who is the inferior race?"

"You have been belittling the people of Longbi all the time, but you have exaggerated the white people in front of this young master, making this young master greatly underestimate Qin Feng. What is your intention? How credible are your words?"

At this moment, Yuan Chu was extremely annoyed!

The news that Qin Feng killed the ancestor of the white devil is really a blow to him!

At that moment, he lost the idea of ​​competing with Qin Feng, and his heart was full of incompetent anger!

At the same time, he just mocked Qin Feng in front of the crowd, but was slapped in the face in public, which is really embarrassing!

All of this is due to Dracula being in his ear, always belittling the Longbiren and making him make mistakes in judgment.

At this time, Yuan Chu had nowhere to vent the anger in his heart, and he blamed Dracula.

"Young Master, I am"

Dracula was speechless.

He didn't expect that things would turn out like this.

"Humph!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was irritable: "I know you can't justify it! This young master is too lazy to talk nonsense with you! You said just now, if Qin Feng can defeat the white devil ancestor, you will eat shit! After returning, this young master will watch you eat shit. !"

boom!

Dracula was dumbfounded like being struck by lightning!

Immediately, he exclaimed: "Young Master, I am a joke!"

"Humph! I'm not kidding you! I didn't let you eat ten times, it's not bad! Qin Feng killed the ancestor of the white devil, which is ten times more difficult than defeating the ancestor of the white devil!"

"what!"

"let's go!"

"Young Master! No! No!"

At the moment, Dracula's wailing sounded in the field.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he hated him so much that he was too lazy to pay attention to him, and directly led the army to the sixth division.

Dracula followed in despair!

When he thought about going back, he would have to eat shit, he even had the heart to die!

There was never a moment when he felt that he was so indebted, which made him extremely regretful

At the same time, in the second division, the White Demons were stationed.

The battle is over!

More than 800,000 disciples of the ten tribes have been killed by Long Yuan!

At this moment, the disciples of Long Yuan are cleaning up the battlefield.

Everyone got a lot of money and smiles on their faces.

Qin Feng's two thousand fission variants are also extracting corpses.

With his current strength, it is no longer meaningful to extract it if it is below the 0.6th level of Heaven Rank.

In just a moment, he finished the extraction, and the harvest was full again.

Just when he was about to check the harvest this time, Tiandao sent a reminder that he killed the ancestor of the white devil and actually got 4 gold points as a reward.

The gold points can be exchanged for advanced resources and even the Holy Land Pass, which surprised Qin Feng!

In the next second, 2048 fission variants merged into one.

Qin Feng's real body appeared!

Feng Xi approached with a look of joy.

"Master, unexpected joy! It turns out that the player kills the hider, and there are additional gold points reward! Master, you have already got 4 gold points!"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "It's really a surprise! According to this development, if I kill a few more hiders and collect 20 gold points, I can exchange it for a Holy Land Pass."

Feng Xi smiled and said: "Yes! A pass is a great opportunity for the second floor of the Holy Land. According to the past, this is a chance that only Star Master candidates can enjoy!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "The more such opportunities, the better! This time, I will bring all of your messengers in!"

"Thank you master!"

Feng Xi smiled sweetly, feeling extremely grateful in her heart.

After that, the two didn't speak any more.

Feng Xi happily went to clean up the battlefield.

Qin Feng also opened the panel and began to check his gains

Killing so many green camp forces should gain a lot, right?

[Free attribute]: 205 million points

[Golden Points]: 4 points

what! 205 million attributes!

This harvest is much more than expected!

Qin Feng was surprised!

The attribute points are in hand, and it is time to add some points to improve the strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng added his starting point in a comfortable mood.

Chapter 605: Heaven's Policy Returns! Soaring strength!

205 million attribute points!

The number is huge!

It will take a lot of time to add Qin scenery.

Having said that, if there is no ten times the reward, he can only get 20.5 million attribute points in this battle.

20.5 million attributes, not too rich!

But after ten times, it became 205 million points, which is amazing!

In other words, he destroys the harvest of one division, and if others destroy the harvest of ten divisions!

Qin Feng is really satisfied with the harvest this time.