Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

He suddenly realized that this was his chance!

Having missed the opportunity of ten times the reward this time, it is almost impossible for him to meet again in the future.

Therefore, he must seize the opportunity to slaughter those hostile factions as much as possible in order to expand his profits.

This is also one of the ways to improve your strength!

Qin Feng's goal is to become the star master of the Blue Star Realm.

But from the information he got, it is not difficult to become a star master candidate, but it is extremely difficult to become a star master.

For millions of years, the Blue Star Realm has also produced a star master candidate with mid-term true **** strength, who went to participate in the star master assessment, and finally failed.

So far, no one knows what kind of strength is needed to have the opportunity to become a star master?

According to Qin Feng's estimation, if you want to pass the star master assessment, you may need the strength above the peak of the true god.

And the combat power of the true god's peak threshold is 30 million stars.

He is still far from this goal.

However, Qin Feng is not worried.

He still has many opportunities, waiting to be obtained.

For example, the opportunity of the Holy Land, such as the Shenwu assessment, and the harvesting of attribute points in this round of competition

After he has digested these opportunities, his comprehensive strength should be able to reach the pinnacle of True God!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is full of enthusiasm, and the enthusiasm for adding a little bit is even higher.

Just as Qin Feng added some points, something happened in other places.

At this moment, in the sixth division, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky.

Yu Xuanji and Granny Yusang looked up at the sky with shock on their faces!

The previous Tiandao announcement was really amazing!

Qin Feng actually killed the ancestor of the white devil!

Oh my God!

Is all this 26 true?

Neither of them could believe their ears!

After a while, the two men recovered.

Granny Yusang swallowed hard.

"Patriarch, Qin Feng actually killed the white devil ancestor, it's incredible!"

Yu Xuanji also took a deep breath: "Yes! The ancestor of the white devil is the ultimate power of the virtual god! Qin Feng can destroy the ancestor of the white devil, at least he has the strength of the threshold of the true god!"

"It's just that I can't figure it out. Qin Feng is a challenger who has just entered this world. How did he manage to raise his strength to the threshold level of a true **** in such a short period of time?"

"Yeah! I can't figure it out! I think this is a miracle!"

Granny Yusang was also very emotional.

"Yeah! It is indeed a miracle! In short, this Qin Feng has to be admired!"

Yu Xuanji sighed sincerely.

There was a look of sighing on the face that had always been calm and beautiful.

At this moment, she admires Qin Feng from the bottom of her heart!

She knew that Qin Feng far surpassed herself in terms of talent and strength!

"Patriarch, this Qin Feng is definitely a genius who suppressed the evil spirits of an era! Even the ancestors of Tiance were far inferior!"

Granny Yusang also highly praised Qin Feng!

Unconsciously, the two people's understanding of Qin Feng has undergone earth-shaking changes, and they are more recognized in their hearts.

Yu Xuanji smiled slightly: "Don't say that compared with the ancestors of our family, even if it is placed in the entire Azure Dragon Star Region, he is a peerless evildoer in the era of suppressing a Star Region! When he was born, I don't know how many Star Worlds will be shocked?"

Having said that, Yu Xuanji looked at the starry sky in the distance and had some expectations.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, dozens of figures flew from below, it was the elders of the Tiance Clan.

"Patriarch!"

"Patriarch, have you heard the announcement of Heaven's Path? Qin Feng wiped out the ancestor of the White Demon!"

At this moment, the elders were full of joy, and all of them flushed with excitement.

"The deity naturally heard it! Elders, do you still have doubts about the prophecy of the ancestors at this moment?"

Yu Xuanji looked around the elders.

The elders looked at each other and smiled.

Afterwards, everyone spoke up.

"Patriarch, Lord Qin Feng can kill the ancestor of the white devil, which shows that he has the strength of the threshold of the true god! It is extremely powerful!"

"Yeah! Such strength, plus the tenfold reward of Heavenly Dao's blessing! This old man believes that Lord Qin Feng can lead our camp to the final victory!"

"I also think that Lord Qin Feng can lead us to victory! I now completely believe the prophecy of the ancestors!"

"Haha! I also believed the prophecy of the ancestors!"

"Speaking of which, the methods of the ancestors are really mysterious! People have to admire it!"

"Everyone, according to the prophecy of the ancestors, Lord Qin Feng can not only win the game, but also create more miracles and brilliance in the future, far beyond our imagination! Just think about it, let people look forward to it! "

"Yeah! I'm looking forward to seeing Lord Qin Feng as soon as possible, so that my family can join him as soon as possible!"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The elders said excitedly one by one.

Unconsciously, when they mentioned Qin Feng, they all used the honorific title of 'adult'.

They are also full of confidence in the next competition for hegemony.

All of this comes from the confidence in Qin Feng's strength, and from the recognition of the prophecy of the ancestors of Tiance.

It can be said that these elders believed in the prophecy by more than 90%.

Seeing this scene, Yu Xuanji also showed a gratified smile.

These are exactly what she wants to see!

She wants to see a family full of confidence and fighting spirit!

Today, the self-confidence and fighting spirit of the Tiance Clan are gradually being ignited!

This will have great significance for their next battle.

At this time, another elder stepped forward.

"Patriarch, according to the prophecy of our ancestors, our clan should recognize Lord Qin Feng as the master. With the combat power of Lord Qin Feng on the threshold of the true god, he is indeed qualified to be the leader of our clan!"

"Yeah! The old man also thinks that my family should follow the prophecy and recognize Qin Feng as the master!"

"According to the prophecy, after our clan recognizes Qin Feng as the master, we will usher in a brighter and more brilliant future! That is the great opportunity of our clan!"

All the elders spoke up.

At this moment, they took the initiative to request that Qin Feng be the master.

Yu Xuanji nodded slightly: "I recognize Qin Feng as the master, it is the last word of the ancestors. I will obey it! However, now is not the time to consider these! Next, we may have to face even greater challenges."

"Look at the map. At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, we have already arrived at the edge of the continent in the sixth division. Taishi has also arrived near the continent and is rushing to the Tengkui station. The two forces are probably coming at us."

With this reminder, all the elders looked at the map one after another.

"Hey! It's true! Yuan Chu and Tai Shi are here!"

"The old man can understand that he can arrive so quickly at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty. After all, the seventh division is not far from our sixth division. Why can Taishi arrive so quickly?"

"It's very simple! At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he arrived with the reincarnation army. Taishi should have come alone, without the drag of his subordinates, his speed is naturally extremely fast!

"And in the sixth division, Taishi has the support of the Nine Tengkui Clan. When he comes to unite with the Nine Tengkui Clan, he can start a war against our clan!"

"Yes! That Taishi is the great power of the False God in the early stage. He and Teng Kui's ancestor joined forces, I am afraid that the patriarch will not be easy to deal with!"

"In this way, our situation is a little tense!"

"What the old man is worried about is, what is the attitude of this force at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty? If he joins forces with Taishi, my family will be in danger!"

After discussing the current situation, the elders became a little nervous again.

Yu Xuanji hurriedly said: "Everyone, whether they will join forces or not, we will quickly prepare. Lord Qin Feng has already won a big victory, and maybe we will be able to support us soon!"

"Yes! Lord Qin Feng has destroyed the top ten forces in the second division, as well as the ancestor of the white devil. Next, he should join us!"

"Don't say it, I will hurry up and prepare for the battle to face the next big battle!"

At the moment, the elders stopped talking, and went down to arrange battles one after another.

Unconsciously, the fighting spirit of the Tiance family has been ignited.

Yu Xuanji is very satisfied with this scene!

"Patriarch, the old man has also made arrangements!"

Granny Yusang also took the initiative to invite Ying.

"Go!"

"Yes!"

After Granny Yusang left, Yu Xuanji stayed in the air alone.

At this moment, she was looking at the direction of the second competition area, and her eyes showed a complex color.

This time, the clansmen want to recognize Qin Feng as the master, does she also recognize Qin Feng as the master?

Having said that, Qin Feng is indeed qualified to let her recognize the master.

After the recognition of the Lord, her situation

Yu Xuanji thought of something else.

She has always been arrogant, not only because of her talent and strength, but also because of her beautiful face and her alluring figure.

She knew very well that there were countless men in this world who coveted her appearance.

Even the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty and the beginning of the Taishi are no exception!

So far, she has not seen a young man who is not attracted to her.

I don't know how Qin Feng will treat her in the future?

If she recognizes Qin Feng as the master, if Qin Feng has any unreasonable demands on her, under the influence of the soul contract, she will probably not refuse.

Could it be that she has been keeping herself like a jade so far, and she will give it to Qin Feng for nothing?

This will not work!

Even if there is the influence of the soul contract, she will not obey.

By the way, I don't know what Qin Feng looks like?

If Qin Feng is an ugly man, she thinks that he is the master, and then he is greedy for beauty, wouldn't it be surprising

If Qin Feng looks better, she may be more accepting

wrong!

How could she have these messy thoughts!

Yu Xuanji shook his head, thinking to himself that he thought too much.

However, with these thoughts together, she hesitated about recognizing Qin Feng as the master.

Nothing more than that, she has a face and a figure that men covet.

Who can guarantee, what kind of character is Qin Feng?

In case it is a Dengzi.

After she recognized the master, under the influence of the contract, 80% of them will fall!