Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

With this thought, Yu Xuanji hesitated.

Does she want to admit the Lord?

Having said that, if Qin Feng is really ugly, will she still recognize the master?

Of course, if Qin Feng's strength is strong enough, even stronger than the threshold of the true god, even if it is ugly, she will choose to recognize the master!

In this world of killing the heavens, the stronger the strength, the easier it is to gain the approval of others.

Even when women choose objects, they value strength and potential more than appearance.

Of course, under the same conditions, if the appearance looks better, it will be more perfect.

At the moment, Yu Xuanji fell into contemplation

It's just that Yu Xuanji didn't know, she still underestimated Qin Feng.

Qin Feng is more than the threshold of true gods!

Under the sacrifice of all the messengers, his comprehensive combat power is comparable to the threshold of the mid-term true god, far stronger than the threshold of the true god

At the same time, the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, somewhere on the sea.

Ancestor Samsara and Ancestor Beiming looked at the direction of the second division in shock.

It took a long time for the two of them to recover.

"I really didn't expect it! Qin Feng's child can kill the ancestor of the white devil!"

The ancestor of Beiming was amazed.

Afterwards, he looked at the ancestor of Samsara: "Friend Samsara, this doesn't match your description before! You told me before that Qin Feng has the most demigod limit threshold. This is a complete difference!"

Ancestor Beiming had some complaints in his tone.

The reincarnation ancestor said a little embarrassedly: "Yeah! He underestimated Qin Feng! We didn't expect that the kid suddenly became so powerful!"

"However, if he can kill the ancestor of the white devil, he is the threshold of the true god. If you and I join forces, we can defeat the threshold of the middle stage of the true god. It is very easy to deal with this Qin Feng child!"

The ancestor of Beiming nodded slightly: "It is true! Fortunately, the strength of Qin Feng's child is not beyond the range that I can't suppress!"

"Let's go! Fellow Daoist Beiming, we still have an hour to go before we can reach the White Demons. We can't give Qin Feng's children another chance!"

"Walk!"

At the moment, the two 030 ancestors rushed to the second division, followed by ten messengers such as Black Wing and Jinyu

At the same time, on another sea.

The old ancestor of the years looked at the second competition area with an ugly face.

The Wuwang Ancestor on the side was also shocked.

For a long time, the old ancestor muttered: "I didn't expect it! Qin Feng was able to kill the White Demon! As a result, our camp has lost a general!"

Ancestor Wuwang nodded slightly: "Yes! Then Qin Feng can kill the white devil, and his strength should have the threshold of a true god. With such strength, it cannot be underestimated. Coupled with the tenfold reward given to him by Heaven, he really has the possibility of turning the tables!"

The old ancestor of the years sneered: "It's so easy for him to come back! If you don't say anything else, you and I can join forces to suppress the mid-term threshold of the true god. If it doesn't work, we will join hands with the ancestors of reincarnation and others!"

Wuwang was surprised: "Joining forces with Samsara? Will he agree?"

The old ancestor of the years said coldly: "How could he disagree? Now, the old man can be sure that Qin Feng has three pass orders in his hands. The tokens that were exchanged in the mall should also be his."

"Since there are three tokens, it is enough for us to join hands with the ancestors of reincarnation."

Ancestor Wuwang suddenly said: "So it is, if we join forces with Samsara, even if Qin Fengxiao has the mid-term strength of True God, it will be more fortunate than fortune."

The old ancestor of the years smiled coldly: "You said, will the ancestor of reincarnation invite Beiming as a helper? He has a very good personal relationship with Beiming. If Beiming joins, Qin Feng will be even more doomed."

"Of course, all of this is just an idea! If it's not necessary, there is no need for me to join forces with Samsara. After all, the number of tokens is limited!"

"Exactly!"

"Let's go!"

At the moment, the two ancestors also hurried to the second division.

They are still an hour and a half away from the second division, and they must speed up

At the same moment, the White Demons stationed in the sky.

Qin Feng finally finished adding points.

205 million attributes!

It's so fun to add!

After adding attribute points, his basic combat power skyrocketed to 18.5 million stars!

Add in the power of 1.2 million stars, and that's 19.7 million stars.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

As soon as he got this result, Qin Feng was a little frightened!

This is too terrifying!

19.7 million stars!

It is only 300,000 star combat power away from the mid-term threshold of True God.

You know, he hasn't used the power of sacrifice.

If the three daughters of Jumang and Fengxi offered sacrifices again, he would be in the middle stage of True God.

All of these are ten times the reward of Heaven, bringing great benefits!

If there is no ten times the reward, he will increase the combat power of hundreds of thousands of stars at most.

Ten times the reward!

Everything is exaggerated!

This is definitely a great opportunity!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very excited.

In this way, he will have more confidence for the next battle.

In the same way, he is more confident in the goal of hitting the pinnacle of True God.

Chapter 606 Longyuan Ascension! Sound East and West!

After adding points, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

Not far away, Long Yuan was still cleaning up the battlefield.

It's time for him to take on the Second Division turf, too.

He needs 23 sites to unlock 100,000 star feedback.

Longyuan has risen to level 11, and there are still 23 sites missing.

Therefore, acquiring the land is imperative!

call out! call out! call out!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's body flashed with white light, and nine fission bodies were fissioned.

Afterwards, the nine fission variants each took out a land deed card and rushed to the nests of nine mysterious forces such as the Heiya Clan and the Lan Clan.

Qin Feng also took out the title deed card of the White Demon clan's nest and began to merge

In the third round of the competition, Longyuancheng wanted to increase its turf power, and only had to occupy the turf of the mysterious forces.

It is useless to attack those guardian forces who cannot participate in the competition, but will be punished.

Boom!

Soon, the entire White Devils station trembled.

Qin Feng is integrating the title deed card

【You are integrating the land deed card (the residence of the White Demons)】

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have become the residence of the White Demons, and you have absolute control over all public buildings in the area. 】

[Congratulations on acquiring a new site, the number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 278]

[Longyuan Announcement: City Lord Qin Feng successfully built a 'Teleportation Array']

Another operation!

The residence of the White Demons was completely transformed into a site in Longyuan City.

On the map, the green light spot representing the White Demon clan's station also disappeared, leaving only a red light spot in Longyuan City.

At the same time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the second competition area, the White Demons have been eliminated, and the number of green camp forces has dropped to: 39]

As soon as this news came out, all the forces were sighed!

Although everyone knew that this would happen, but after hearing it, I was still a little emotional

After dealing with the site, Qin Feng dodged and went over the floating city.

Then, he divided three more fission variants.

The next second, the three fission variants each took a drop of the middle-grade Bai Ze divine blood, entered the zero-degree space, and refined the divine blood.

call!

Finally finished the trivia!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and looked up at the seventh and ninth divisions.

He knew that the ancestors of reincarnation and old ancestors were on their way.

These two are his real opponents!

Therefore, he waited for these two ancestors in place.

Having said that, in the face of these two true **** powerhouses, he did not dare to care for them.

In order to win the two, especially the reincarnation ancestor, he must improve his strength as soon as possible.

Only the stronger the strength, the greater his confidence in winning the reincarnation ancestor.

The reincarnation ancestor was the Supreme Judge of the past, and his strength far surpassed that of the same rank.

This time, after he broke the curse of Judgment God Realm, his strength must have skyrocketed. Even if he can reach the middle stage of True God, Qin Feng is not surprised.

But he must kill the ancestor of reincarnation, which is related to an SS-level chance.

He killed Liudao Ancestor and got half of the SS-level quest order, and he still needed to kill Samsara Ancestor to get the remaining half of the quest order.

To this end, he also separated three fission variants to refine the middle-grade Bai Ze divine blood.

When he thought of the three drops of Bai Ze's divine blood, Qin Feng was excited again.

Presumably after he refines the blood of God, his strength can skyrocket a lot!

Having said that, he has successively divided twelve fission variants, so that his basic combat power has unknowingly dropped to 17 million stars.

However, these are only temporary.

As long as he takes back the twelve fission bodies, the basic combat power can return to 18.5 million stars in an instant.

Having said that, his Wood Spirit clone and Ice Spirit clone have already penetrated into the third and fourth divisions.

Especially the wood spirit clone, which is not far from the target.

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked up at the third division

At this moment, in the third division, somewhere above the jungle.

The wood spirit clone stood proudly.

He is in a great mood!

The four avatars and Qin Feng are all concentric!

As Qin Feng's strength has skyrocketed, the strength of the clone has also risen.

Today, the comprehensive combat power of the wood spirit clone has reached about 16 million stars, which is the initial stage of the true god.

"It's still tens of thousands of miles away, and we'll be there!"