At this moment, Mu Ling muttered in his mind and body.

His eyes were looking at a place thousands of miles away.

There is the third division, the first strong clan, the home of the Baili clan.

From the map, the Baili clan's old nest has gathered ten small blue light spots.

This third division all supports the Samsara clan.

As soon as Mu Ling's mind was distracted, his spiritual sense went to the old lair of the Baili tribe and probed away.

In the next second, a scene appeared in his sea of ​​consciousness.

In the picture, there is a huge valley, which is the residence of the Baili tribe.

At this time, in the base square, 600,000 children of the ten tribes gathered.

The disciples were all talking about it.

Looking at the sky above the square, ten mysterious leaders, including Baili Wuying, Lieshan, and Bingcan, were looking up at the sky with sighs.

In front of the ten people, there was an old man with gray hair, who was majestic and majestic.

That old man is the hider in the third division - Patriarch Baili, a peak power of False God.

Seeing this, Mu Ling's clone smiled and retracted his consciousness.

From the observation just now, the overall strength of the third division is much weaker than that of the second division.

The ancestor Baili was at the peak of the False God, and he could only provide him with 3 gold points.

Of the ten mysterious power leaders, only two reached the peak of the demigods, and the rest of the demigods ranged from the middle to the early stages.

The number of children of the ten clans is more than 600,000.

This kind of battle, the wood spirit clone can solve it alone.

However, he didn't want to act yet.

Thinking of this, he looked back at the second division.

He could sense that Long Yuan's disciples had already cleaned up the battlefield and were adding more points.

This kind of progress made Mu Ling's clone very satisfied.

Next, he will start a war in the third division. At that time, he will summon all the disciples of Long Yuan, which will make it easier to wipe out the ten Baili clans.

According to Qin Feng's ideas, he not only wants to improve his own strength, but also wants to improve the overall strength of Longyuan City.

In the future, if he wants to establish the Longyuan Sanctuary and unify the Blue Star Realm, he needs to improve the overall strength of Longyuan.

He must have this long-term vision!

What's more, the strength of Long Yuan's children has greatly increased, which will also help him to unlock the 200,000-star combat power in the future.

Therefore, the Mu Ling clone wanted to wait for the Long Yuan disciples to clean up the battlefield in the second division, and then summoned them to fight together.

When they destroy the third division, they can greatly increase the strength of the main body!

In this way, it will be easier for the main body to deal with the reincarnation ancestor and others.

Thinking of this, Mu Ling was full of expectations in his mind and body.

In the next second, his figure flashed, and he flew towards the Baili tribe's station.

Having said that, the wood spirit clone used his divine sense to spy on the situation of the Baili tribe.

The ancestor Baili did not find the wood spirit clone.

Ancestor Baili's consciousness is not weak, but he just can't spy on the aura of the wood spirit clone.

It turned out that after Qin Feng condensed the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind', he had an extra talent ability!

That is, it can block the prying eyes of God's consciousness on him!

This special ability, even the clone has it.

In this way, the Mu Ling clone quietly sneaked towards the Baili tribe.

At the same time, the fifth division, near the coastline.

The phantom avatar looked anxiously in the direction of Wuzhuangguan.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He finally saw the shoreline of Division 5.

When he arrives at Wuzhuangguan, there are still thirty or forty minutes away.

You can see that on the map of the fifth division, a blue light spot has reached Wuzhuangguan.

Obviously, Wuzhuangguan has been attacked!

It has been half an hour since the two sides have been in contact, and the fight should be tragic!

I don't know what happened to the Wuzhuang Temple.

Thinking of the danger of compatriots, the phantom avatar felt anxious.

Wuzhuangguan so firmly supports Longyuan City, he naturally cannot let Wuzhuangguan have an accident.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, the eyes of the Mirage clone lit up, revealing the color of surprise.

I saw that on the map, the blue light spot with the name 'Naroga' was quickly retreating from the old nest of Wuzhuangguan.

Obviously, that 'Naroga' was defeated!

Mirage clones are full of surprises!

The five village views are not weak!

It was able to defeat a mysterious force alone, making the Mirage clone look impressive.

It turns out that ‘Naroga’ is the patriarch of the Naro Clan in Division 5!

The Naro tribe is in the fifth division, ranking seventh!

The location of its old nest is the closest to Wuzhuang Temple.

At the beginning of the third round, the major forces in the fifth division rushed to Wuzhuangguan.

The Naro tribe was the first to arrive.

They thought they had found a great deal.

According to the past, the newly promoted mysterious forces must be the weakest of the top ten mysterious forces.

But the result was not what they imagined!

In the past, they were promoted to mysterious forces, and they were all powerful guardian forces.

This time, Wuzhuangguan was promoted from a challenge force to a mysterious force, and its own strength is extremely powerful.

Then, after the second round, they received a lot of rewards, and their strength improved a lot again.

This time, the seventh-ranked Naro tribe went to attack Wuzhuangguan, kicked directly to the iron plate, was beaten to the ground, and retreated.

Of course, the most important factor here is that Qingchengzi owns the original "Book of Changes" and is extremely powerful!

It has already reached the pinnacle of demigods, one person against one clan, and the Naro clan has been completely abolished.

On the Naro side, only the patriarch Naroga escaped with hundreds of remnants.

For these situations, the Mirage clone naturally does not know.

However, he knew in his heart that the next situation of Wuzhuangguan would be very dangerous.

The Naro Clan was defeated!

The rest of the tribes will be vigilant!

Next, the nine clans in the fifth division will unite and attack Wuzhuangguan together!

He must hurry to the rescue!

Thinking of this, the phantom avatar accelerated and rushed towards Wuzhuangguan.

At the same time, in the second division, the White Demons were stationed.

The battlefield is almost cleared!

Longyuan started to add points up and down!

After a quarter of an hour, everyone's points were added, and their strength skyrocketed!

There were smiles on everyone's faces.

This time, with the blessing of ten times the reward, Long Yuan received a lot of money!

The increase in combat power exceeded their expectations.

Today, Long Yuan is the weakest person, and his combat power has reached more than 110,000 stars, which is 10,000 stars higher than before.

And the combat power reached the demigod realm or above, it soared to more than 150 people.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this time, the sound of breaking the air continued!

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, and Jumang came to Qin Feng's side. .

"dad!"

"Owner!

At this moment, the four of them are all happy.

Their harvest is more than those of Long Yuan's children.

"Dad, the battlefield has been cleared! We have finished adding attribute points! This time, all four of our strengths have improved a lot!"

Xiao Luan said excitedly.

Qin Feng couldn't help looking at her, and saw that the little girl's combat power had increased to 1.4 million stars.

Qin Feng felt relieved.

Then, he looked at Qiyue and Fengxi again.

Seeing that Qiyue's combat power has reached 1.2 million stars.

Feng Xi has even reached 1.5 million stars, just reaching the threshold of the virtual realm.

This made him very happy.

When he looked at Jumang, he was even more shocked.

The little guy's combat power has actually reached 2.4 million stars, and his strength has improved more than Feng Xi's three girls.

According to this development, the little guy will be able to break through to the middle stage of False God.

The threshold of combat power in the middle stage of the False God is only 2.5 million stars.

Thinking about it, this little guy can incarnate three thousand, kill the most children of the ten clans, and naturally gain the most.

"Not bad! You four did a great job!"

Qin Feng couldn't help but praise.

The three daughters of Mang and Feng Xi did not disappoint him, and he was quite pleasantly surprised!

Now, the combined combat power of the four of them has 6.5 million stars, which can sacrifice 4.35 million stars to Qin Feng!

This is a huge number!

Being praised by Qin Feng like this, Xiao Luan'er and Jumang were all happy.

Qi Yue also smiled.

The corner of Feng Xi's mouth pursed slightly.

She is also extremely satisfied with this increase in strength.

"Master, the power in the second division is gone, are we going to attack the third division next?"

Feng Xi respectfully greets her.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "My two avatars have already arrived in the third and fourth divisions. Those two divisions will be ready to fight soon! You go and arrange, so that Long Yuan's children will be divided into two groups, each group will be divided into two groups. 20,000 people."