Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In their opinion, as long as Qin Feng heard that Lei Jue was already a level 2 powerhouse, he would definitely join them.

But he didn't want to, Qin Feng said lightly: "No, I like someone."

Abandoning this sentence, he turned and left.

This time, everyone was stunned.

Fuck it~!

Did they hear it right?

This guy actually rejected Boss Lei's kindness.

Don't he know that Boss Lei is not only a level 2 powerhouse, but also has a strong D level talent.

For a time, everyone's minds were a little bit overwhelmed.

Lei Jue was also stunned.

He looked at Qin Feng's back, a little annoyed.

"Let's go! Don't force it!"

Abandoning this sentence, he took the lead and left.

Everyone followed, but they kept muttering, and they all expressed difficulty in understanding Qin Feng's behavior.

"Hey! This person is really..."

Liu Yan looked at Qin Feng's back, stomped her feet angrily, and left with everyone...

It didn't take long for Lei Jue and his group to leave.

Seeing this, Qin Feng quietly returned.

He is not willing to team up with these people, that will not only expose his trump card, but also slow down his progress.

Soon, he walked over to the snake corpse and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! Gain 2 energy attributes! 】

Energized again!

Qin Feng was delighted.

In this way, the level 1 beasts of Novice Plains have been extracted by him, and there is no need to keep them.

Immediately, he walked towards the end of the Novice Plain, he was going to find a new beast...

Not long after Qin Feng left, the exclamations of Lei Jue and others sounded on the other side.

Right now, in that grove.

Lei Jue and others saw the giant snake whose stomach was cut open by Qin Feng, and they were all shocked on the spot...

There was a strong smell of blood on the scene, the internal organs of the giant snake flowed all over the place, and there was a human corpse lying next to it, that is, Chen Jun's corpse.

Everyone was stunned for a while before someone made a sound.

"Looking at the dry state of the blood at the scene, this giant snake died earlier than the one we killed."

The one who spoke was a glasses guy named Qi Jie.

Before he came to this world, he was a student of a 985 school, and he liked to read Conan novels on weekdays.

"Qi Jie, do you mean that the opponent kills faster than us and is stronger than us?"

"Yes!"

Qi Jie nodded slightly and stepped forward to check the snake corpse.

After a moment, he looked shocked.

Lei Jue hurriedly asked, "Qi Jie, how is it?"

Qi Jie raised his head: "Boss Lei, if I'm not wrong, all this should be done by one person, because there is only one person's footprints at the scene. Looking at the snake's injury, it was cut seven inches straight, and it was a one-shot death!"

As soon as these words came out, the audience was shocked.

"My God! One-shot kill! Master! This is definitely a master!"

"No way? The scales of this snake are extremely defensive. I can't break its defense with dozens of slashes. Can that person smash through it with one slash?"

"So that person is a master!"

Lei Jue also took a deep breath: "Death with one knife! Even if I'm already level 2, I don't dare to say that I can win a level 1 beast in a duel. That man can kill a giant snake with one knife. Is he a level 3 master?"

Qi Jie took a deep breath: "What level is that person, I don't know, but what is certain is that he has the strength of a level 3 powerhouse, and he is still a loner!"

"Lone traveler? Qi Jie, do you think that person is Qin Feng?"

Liu Yan's voice sounded in the field.

Qi Jie's eyes lit up: "Hey! If you say that, it's really possible!"

As soon as these words came out, the audience was stunned.

Immediately, everyone seemed to think of something, and looked at each other face to face.

Chapter 10 Treasure Chest! Rank Rewards!

Immediately, everyone seemed to think of something and looked at each other face to face.

"In that case, it's really possible that it's Qin Feng..."

"Yeah! He was alone in the vicinity just now, which is in line with the judgment of a loner."

"Hey~! No wonder he doesn't want to join us. So he's so strong!"

The crowd couldn't help but muttered, and many people were surprised.

There was also a complex look in Lei Jue's eyes.

It was at this moment that a new reminder came from Tiandao.

[Announcement: One person in this novice village has risen to level 3, and the ranking channel is activated. 】

[Reminder: At present, only the ranking of the village is open, and only the top 100 can enter the list. 】

"Hey! The level ranking is on!"

"Only the top 100 can enter the list!"

"Someone activates the ranking channel when they reach level 3."

"Isn't it because Qin Feng has risen to level 3?"

"Go and see!"

At the moment, Lei Jue and others have called up the Tiandao light screen and entered the ranking channel...

After they saw the list, they were all stunned.

Qin Feng's rank is different from what they imagined!

This confuses them again...

On the other side, Qin Feng was walking towards the end of the Novice Plain.

At this time, he also received an announcement.

He was suddenly curious, and as soon as his mind moved, a light screen of heaven popped up in front of him.

At the bottom right of the screen, there was indeed an additional [List Channel] option.

As soon as he thought about it, he opened the ranking channel and saw a ranking list.

[No. 911 Novice Village Level Ranking]

First place: Liu Xuan, level 3.

Second place: Longshan, level 2.

The third place is Wu Yong, level 2.

Fourth place: Yu Wen, level 2

Fifth place: Gu Ming, level 2

6th place, Lei Jue, level 2

…

Forty-seventh place, Qin Feng, level 1

…

"I'm only forty-seventh!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart and switched to the chat channel.

There was a lively chat there.

"Wow! Big Liu Xuan has risen to level 3, it's so awesome!"

"Yeah! My progress is only level 1 (13/100) now, and I'm still far from level 2. Big Liu Xuan has risen to level 3, it's really awesome!"

"There are also eight bosses who have risen to level 2. They are too powerful!"

"Yes! I envy them!"

Seeing this, Qin Feng was also a little anxious.

Four or five hours have passed, and eight people have risen to level 2.

That Liu Xuan was even promoted to level 3.

He has to speed up his leveling up.

Before, he spent all his time looking for corpses, and didn't kill monsters to upgrade them.

Now, he should let go of hunting the beast.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Announcement: The novice upgrade reward system is now announced. 】

[The first person who reaches level 10 will be rewarded with a golden treasure chest. 】

[The second person who reaches level 10 will be rewarded with a silver treasure chest. 】

[The third person who reaches level 10 will be rewarded with three bronze treasure chests. 】

[The 4th to 10th people who reach level 10 will be rewarded with two bronze treasure chests. 】

[The 11th to 100th people who reach level 10 will be rewarded with a bronze treasure chest. 】

[Treasure chest: The item reward set by Tiandao, open the treasure chest to get the items in it. 】

[Treasure chests are divided into black iron level, bronze level, silver level, gold level, dark gold level, purple diamond level, epic level, and mythical level. The higher the level, the easier it is to open advanced items. 】

[Reminder: As long as you reach level 10, the treasure chest will be distributed immediately, without waiting for the end of the assessment. 】

As soon as the news was announced, the entire chat channel was in a frenzy.

"Wow! The first 100 people who reach level 10 will have treasure chest rewards!"

"The first place is rewarded with a golden treasure chest!"

"As long as you reach level 10, the reward will be issued, there is no need to wait, this is too humane."

"Exciting! So exciting!"

"Upgrade! Upgrade! I want to upgrade!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I want to level up too! I want to get into the top 100!"

"Haha! I want to enter the top ten!"

At this moment, in the chat channel, everyone cheered.

A rank competition begins.

Qin Feng was also excited.

1st place!