Urban Oasis
0:04 / 1:07

"That's right! There must be someone stronger than you in other districts!"

The two sides quarreled.

Qin Feng watched all this silently.

Non-my family, its heart must be different!

Lighthouse Country, Sakurajima Country, Asami Country, and Western countries, these people are hostile to the people of the Dragon Kingdom in their bones.

Since that's the case, he doesn't have to be polite!

On Bluestar, there are many things that can't be done.

But killing the world here, there are no more constraints, and some things can be done.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng sneered.

If his guess is correct, after the novice assessment is over, all the villages in District 1 will have the opportunity to meet.

At this moment, a new announcement came from Tiandao.

[Regional announcement: Thirty people in this area have risen to level 7 or above, meeting the conditions for full opening, and all villages are automatically merged into the regional chat channel. 】

[Reminder: Village No. 1 is automatically merged into the regional chat channel]

[Reminder: Village No. 8 is automatically merged into the regional chat channel]

[Reminder: Village No. 13 is automatically merged into the regional chat channel]

In this way, one new village after another was incorporated into the regional chat channel.

Then, one new person after another appeared in the channel.

Those people chatted excitedly as soon as they came in.

"Wow! Regional chat channel! I can finally see people from other villages! I'm almost suffocated!"

"Wow! You've already entered more than 200 villages?"

"Are there any people from our Nanbang Kingdom here, Smecta!"

"Everyone, this novice test is too difficult! The highest level in our village is only level 4. But the next day will end, and there are only five days left. I wonder how many people will pass!"

"Woo! Upstairs, I'm only level 1 now! I'm dead!"

"I bought it! You're too slow to level up!"

At this moment, the regional channel is very lively.

Before long, one thousand villages in the entire district were all integrated into the regional channel.

[Regional Announcement: All villages have been merged into the regional chat channel. 】

[Regional Announcement: From now on, all village protective masks will be withdrawn. 】

[Reminder: After the novice assessment is over, a Heavenly Punisher will descend over all the novice villages. 】

[Reminder: The Heavenly Punisher has a hundred-star combat power, and the purpose of its appearance is to destroy all the novice wooden houses in the novice village. 】

[Reminder: If the personal novice wooden house is damaged and the personal status is reduced to a refugee, he will be punished by heaven and deduct 100 attributes. 】

[Reminder: Every village has a public task - 'future village chief'. 】

[Completing this task, the village will automatically be upgraded to level 1, and all villagers will receive the blessing of heaven. In addition, the village will obtain a large protective formation, which can effectively resist the punishment of heaven. 】

[Reminder: The corresponding villages will receive a lot of rewards for resisting the natural punishment of those who live in it. If you defeat the Heavenly Punisher, the reward will be doubled! 】

Boom~!

The news is out!

Shocked!

Then, there was mourning in the channel.

"God! The novice exam is a big difficulty, and I may not pass it! There is still a punishment!"

"I bought it! The novice's wooden house was destroyed, and 100 attributes were deducted. This is terrible!"

"Axi! Heaven is going to kill us!"

"Oh! Tiandao has a reminder that as long as you can complete that public task, you will be able to obtain a large protective formation, and you will have the opportunity to resist the punishment."

"Where did you get that quest? Tiandao didn't give any hints!"

"Baga! It's up to us to figure it out, when will it be?"

"Axi! The way of heaven is so abominable!"

"Oh! Fake squid!"

"By the way, Heavenly Dao reminds that there will be a lot of rewards for resisting the punishment of the punishment. If you defeat the punishment, the reward will be doubled!"

"Upstairs, are you stupid? The Punisher has 100-star combat power, that is, at least 100-star combat power. Want to defeat him? It's a dream!"

"Oh! God! 100-star combat power! I only have 4-star combat power! There is no comparison at all!"

"Horrible! This is too scary!"

The crowd wailed.

Even the people in 911 Village panicked.

The Punisher is too strong!

Qin Feng was also surprised.

His current combat power is estimated to be less than 40 stars.

In the face of the Heaven Punisher with hundred-star combat power, he can only be killed in seconds!

Heaven is indeed ruthless!

He finally understood why this world was called the killing world.

I'm afraid that the punisher that day is just an appetizer.

According to this progress, how many people of Longguo will survive?

Of course, the way of heaven is not blindly killing.

It also gives everyone the opportunity to become stronger and stronger, and even become a **** and a demon, and achieve immortality.

I don't want so much anymore!

I can't control anything else. First of all, I have to protect myself and 911 Village.

It seems that I have to complete the task of the village chief as soon as possible!

By the way, count the time, it's almost dark outside.

The 'Lost Village' is also about to appear.

I have to get there asap!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

The mission of the village chief must be done!

He doesn't want to become a refugee, and he doesn't want to be deducted by 100 attributes.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chapter 78 Super harvest! Tier 5 pets! (for full order)

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Regional Announcement: From now on, those who are level 7 or above can publish a personal announcement on the regional channel every day. Those who are above level 10 can issue two. 】

what!

This feature is great!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he quickly posted a personal announcement in the area.

[Personal Announcement: The Bear King Battle Armor (Tier 2) is exchanged for the Treasure Chest Synthesis Card (Tier 2). Interested parties can contact the transaction. Publisher: Qin Feng (91-1 Village). 】

"Hey! Someone posted - a personal announcement!"

"It's Qin Feng from 911 Village!"

"He must be a level 7 powerhouse!"

"Wow! A level 7 powerhouse! There are only thirty people in the entire district! This Qin Feng is amazing!"

"Yes! Such a master is admirable!"

As soon as the announcement was released, the channel was amazed.

These people have just entered the regional channel, and they still don't know Qin Feng's glorious deeds, thinking that Qin Feng is just a level 7 master.

In fact, Qin Feng is almost level 11.

After the announcement, Qin Feng switched to the trading channel.

He had no interest in paying attention to what those people were saying.

As soon as he entered the trading channel, he hung the Bear King's armor on the for-sale item column and set the trading conditions.

The Bear King Armor can only be exchanged with a treasure chest to synthesize cards.

After dealing with these, he looked at other items.

what!

Fuck it~!

Dried meat and tier 1 steel knives are sold out.

And he got thirty-two first-order spirit grasses, four spirit fruits, more than twenty corpses of rank 7 beasts, and six mutant beasts.

This is a huge gain!

The brothers of 911 Village are so powerful!

good! good!

Qin Feng was extremely satisfied.

What he needs most now is to improve his strength.

Because he has an idea, that is, on the basis of protecting the village, and then defeating the punisher.

As long as the talent is defeated, the reward will be doubled.

Thinking of this, his heart sank.

But the combat power of the Heaven Punisher has reached more than 100 stars, how can it be so easy to defeat.

It is rude to say that he now only has the right to be killed in seconds against the God's Punisher.

Therefore, he desperately wants to improve his strength.

Although this idea is too exaggerated, people always have to dream.

Now, his chance to improve his strength has come again.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out all those spirit grasses, spirit fruits, and corpses, and began to propose them one by one...

【Endless extraction success! You have gained 2 energy attributes! 】

【Endless extraction success! You have gained 2 strength attributes! 】

【Endless extraction success! You got 3 Dexterity stats! 】

【Endless extraction success! You get the essence of the elixir of jasmine grass! 】…

In this way, Qin Feng picked it up happily.

It took half an hour for him to extract everything.

A total of 157 attributes have been obtained, and the strength has skyrocketed.

good! good!

This harvest is huge!

Qin Feng's mood is extremely comfortable.