Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"One group is waiting to be summoned by the wood spirit clone. One group is waiting to be summoned by the ice spirit clone. You and Xiao Luan'er are in the first group. Jumang is in the second group. As for Yue'er, you stay and use your time force field to accelerate the incubation of Dijiang!"

After completing the assignment, Feng Xi and the others were overjoyed.

"Master, your avatar is coming so soon!"

"Yeah! Dad, your clone is so fast!"

Qiyue and Xiaoluaner were amazed.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

His avatar is already the strength of the True God in the early stage, coupled with the mastery of the evasion talent, the speed is comparable to the middle stage of the True God, how can it not be fast.

Feng Xi keenly found some problems.

"Master, you have arranged for us and Long Yuan's children to go there, won't you go to the third and fourth divisions?"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "I want to stay here and continue to confuse the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years. If I go to the third division, the red light spot that represents me will jump to the third division, and the ancestors of reincarnation and the others will loses its purpose."

"At that time, they will be extremely surprised. Turn around and fight for the third division, or there are other arrangements. That is not good for our actions!"

"In this case, I will stay here and wait for them to kill. And you and my clones will take the opportunity to destroy the third and fourth divisions!"

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "This method is very good! It can be said that the sound of the east strikes the west, making the ancestors of reincarnation impossible to guard against! I'm afraid they never thought that the master still has four powerful clones, and he has mastered the means of space summoning. !"

Qi Yue also said happily: "Yes! This is our big advantage!"

At this time, Feng Xi worried again: "By the way, Master, you sent me, Luan'er, and Xiaoju out. If Old Ancestor Samsara and the others came to kill you, you wouldn't have the power to sacrifice the three of us. Yet?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's different now! Even without the sacrifice power of the three of you, I'm not afraid of the ancestors of reincarnation and others! Of course, if I want to destroy the ancestors of reincarnation and others, I still need the sacrifices of the three of you. The power of sacrifice."

"But the ancestors of reincarnation are not so easy to kill. In this case, it is better for you to destroy those mysterious forces first, and then improve your strength. Finally, we will concentrate on destroying the ancestors of reincarnation!"

After listening to these words, Feng Xi was stunned!

Immediately, she said: "Master, I will arrange the grouping!"

"Dad, I'll make arrangements too!"

"Sister, wait for me!"

Immediately, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Jumang flew to the square to arrange for Long Yuan's children.

Qin Feng also took Qiyue into the zero-degree space.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Your fission body is merging with the Cheka (the residence of the Black Teeth)]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have acquired a new site, the number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 279]

[Your fission body is merging with the land Cheka (the residence of the Lan tribe)]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have acquired a new site, the number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 280]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the second division, the Black Tooth Clan has been wiped out, and the number of Green Camp forces has dropped to: 38]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the third division, the Lan family has been wiped out, and the number of green camp forces has dropped to: 37]

.

As the prompt sounded, on the map of the second division, the green light spots representing the old nest of the Black Fang and the old nest of the Lan tribe collapsed one after another.

And the number of sites in Longyuan City has been increasing.

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile slave.

It turned out that his nine fission variants have rushed to the old nests of the nine clans such as Hei Ya, wiped out their remaining forces, and began to collect the site.

Everything is going in the right direction!

It is estimated that it will not be long before he can unlock the 100,000-star combat power feedback, and at the same time, he can upgrade Longyuan City to level 11.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very much looking forward to it.

Chapter 607 Bible Oracle! The camp gathers!

In this way, the mysterious power sites in the second division were taken over by Qin Feng one by one.

In the past quarter of an hour, the green light spots in the second division were all extinguished!

The number of forces in the green camp has dropped to 30!

This made all the forces sighed.

The old ancestor of the years was so angry that he vomited blood, but there was nothing he could do.

The reincarnation ancestor is a little gloating!

The number of sites in Longyuan City has thus increased to 287, which is 13 short of the target of 300.

After receiving the site, Qin Feng recalled 9 fission variants and reintegrated them into the body.

His basic combat power has risen to 18 million stars.

Of course, this is not his perfect state!

He also has three fission bodies, refining the blood of Bai Ze in the zero-dimensional space.

That was three drops of the divine blood of the low-grade god-level, and it could increase his combat power a lot.

In this way, Qin Feng was relieved after finishing the trivial matters.

Afterwards, he stood in the sky, leisurely waiting for the reincarnation ancestor to come to the door

At the same time, in the sixth division, somewhere above the jungle.

An army of more than 500,000 people fled in the air and slaughtered the Tiance Clan in a mighty manner.

The person at the front of the team is Taishi!

This time, in order to get to the sixth division earlier, he only brought over a dozen demigod elders.

After arriving in the sixth division, he merged with the Tengkui Nine Clan.

Afterwards, he and Tengkui Jiu clan killed the Tiance clan together, preparing to catch Yu Xuanji alive.

At this time, Tai Shi's face was gloomy.

The defeat in the second division caused the green team to lose ten forces, which made him very unhappy.

"Fellow Daoist Taishi, although the second division lost, this hegemony has only just begun. We still have Senior Years and Seniors Wuwang on our side, so Qin Feng won't be able to jump around for long."

At this moment, the voice of ancestor Teng Kui sounded beside Tai Shi.

Although Patriarch Teng Kui is a noble patriarch and is much older than Taishi, but the strength of the two is not much different, they call each other as Taoist friends, and they are equals.

And the old ancestor of the years is a true god, so the ancestor Teng Kui did not dare to call him by his first name, so he called him Senior 610.

In this world of slaughter, everything is respected by strength!

Even social commentators are based on strength, not age.

At this time, Tai Shi turned his head to look at the ancestor Teng Kui.

"Daoist Teng Kui is right! It's just that we lost ten forces like this, which will inevitably make me feel bad!"

Ancestor Teng Kui sighed with emotion: "Yeah! Who would have thought that Qin Feng could kill the ancestor of the white devil. This is really incredible!"

Taishi took a deep breath: "Yeah! Qin Feng can kill the ancestor of the white devil, and he should have the strength of the threshold of the true god! However, such strength is not enough to see in front of my father and senior Wuwang."

"What's more, the people who want to destroy Qin Feng are not only my father, but also the reincarnation ancestor! The strength of the reincarnation ancestor, I'm afraid it is not under my father!"

Old Ancestor Teng Kui rejoiced: "Fellow Daoist Taishi, this is a good thing! Old Ancestor Samsara wants to kill Qin Feng, and Senior Years and Seniors Wuwang also want to kill Senior. If the three of them join forces, killing Qin Feng will be easy!"

"Joining?! This"

Taishi smiled wryly.

He thinks it is unlikely to join forces.

"Forget it! Don't discuss that Qin Feng, he won't live long anyway!"

"Haha! Daoist Taishi is right, we won't discuss him anymore!"

Ancestor Teng Kui's tone was a little flattering.

Tai Shi smiled slightly: "Fellow Taoist Teng Kui, then again, you and I parted ways a few years ago, and you are still in the early stage of False God. I didn't expect to see you today, you have broken through to the middle stage of False God. This is really gratifying!"

Tai Shi's tone was also quite happy.

This may be the only thing he is happy about when he comes to Division 6.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The stronger Ancestor Teng Kui's strength, the greater his grasp of catching Jade Mystery alive.

Taishi is the early stage of False God, but his methods are extraordinary, comparable to the middle stage of False God.

With such a calculation, he and Teng Kui's ancestors joined forces to suppress Yu Xuanji.

"Friend Daoist has won the prize! This old man was just a fluke, and he broke through recently."

Ancestor Teng Kui stroked his beard and smiled, with a hint of pride in his eyes.

Taishi also smiled and said, "Friend Daoist broke through at the right time! Your breakthrough, you and I should join forces, and we should be 70% sure to win the Jade Mystery."

Old Ancestor Teng Kui said with a smile: "I'm afraid it's more than 70%! This time, we have an army of 500,000 people, and the Tiance Clan is only 70,000 to 80,000! We have a large number of people, as long as there are more demigods to stand by. In response, there should be a 90% chance to seize the jade mystery!"

Tai Shi was overjoyed: "If it is 90%, that would be the best!"

Having said that, he looked at the Tiance station again.

"Speaking of which, Yu Xuanji supported Long Yuancheng this time. Everyone thought she was crazy before. But now it seems that she is not crazy. At least Qin Feng's current performance is amazing!"

"I can't figure it out, Yu Xuanji guessed it by luck, or she knew from the beginning that Qin Feng still has some strength!"

Taishi muttered again, his eyes showing a thoughtful look.

He has always been brooding about Yu Xuanji's choice of Qin Feng.

Until Qin Feng showed his amazing performance, he fell into endless jealousy.

He faintly felt that it was Yu Xuanji who thought that Qin Feng was better than him and Yuan Chu, so he chose Qin Feng.

After listening to these words, the ancestor Teng Kui pondered: "Tai Shi Taoist friend, I once heard a rumor, I wonder if it is true?"

"What rumor?"

"The rumor says that the ancestor of the Tiance Clan seems to have the ability to predict future personnel. Yu Xuanji made an abnormal choice this time, will it have something to do with her ancestor?"

Ancestor Teng Kui lowered his voice.

Taishi frowned: "You mean, Yu Xuanji's choice was based on her ancestor's prophecy instructions?! If so, her ancestor thinks that Qin Feng will win?"

Ancestor Teng Kui smiled and shook his head: "It's just a rumor, it can't be true! Besides, Qin Feng was born as a challenger, how could he have the strength to fight against the seniors in such a short period of time?"

"Don't talk about Senior Years, even the reincarnation ancestor can easily crush him. This time, Qin Feng Xiaoer will definitely lose!"

The corners of Tai Shi's mouth twitched slightly: "I also think the rumors are not credible! What kind of prediction is there in this world, it can be calculated thousands of years later. Even if it can be calculated in ten years, I think it is incredible, don't say Thousands of years later."

Old Ancestor Teng Kui said with a smile: "That's true! Taking the facts as an example, how could Xiaoer Qin Feng be the opponent of Senior Years? What's more, Senior Years and Senior Wuwang help!"

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled at each other.

Obviously, they are full of confidence in the ancestors of the years and the ancestors.

It's just that they don't know that Qin Feng's comprehensive strength has entered the middle stage of True God and is not under the ancestors of the years.

What's even better is that Qin Feng's two clones are approaching the goals of the third and fourth divisions.

Two harvest feasts are about to begin!

At that time, Qin Feng's strength will soar again!

In this way, Taishi and Patriarch Tengkui continued their mighty march while chatting.

At the back of the army, there were also tens of thousands of Baipi, Asan, and sticks, and it was a group of people from Guangming Town.

At this moment, the front of the Guangming Town team.

Pope Paul and Kim Er-jung were chatting.

Anna followed behind.

If you are caring, you will definitely find that Anna's legs are a little bit out of place.

These days, she has experienced a lot, all thanks to the Pope.