Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Jin Erzhong muttered in Paul's ear.

"Pope Smecta, I just found out that Yu Xuanji is the number one beauty in our Blue Star Realm!"

"The first beauty?!"

Paul's eyes were shining, and his fat face was a little more radiant.

When Jin Erzhong saw this scene, a smile appeared in his eyes.

He knew that His Excellency the Pope liked it.

"Hey! This is"

Suddenly, Paul seemed to sense something, and his palm rushed.

call out!

I saw a flash of white light, and there was a simple book in him, exuding a faint holy light, which was the original "Bible".

The next second, he placed his palm on the cover of the Bible, closed his eyes slightly, and his expression was extremely respectful, even a little sacred.

He seems to be sensing something!

Jin Erzhong and Anna watched this scene in surprise and did not dare to disturb.

After a while, Paul slowly opened his eyes, revealing a strange look in his eyes.

Then, he quietly put away the original "Bible".

"Sir Pope, what's wrong?"

Jin Erzhong asked curiously.

"Oh! The Pope sensed the Lord's call just now, so he communicated with him and got the Lord's 'Oracle'!"

"The oracle? What is that?"

Jin Erzhong and Anna both looked at Paul curiously.

"Don't say it! Don't say it!"

Paul shook his head slightly, with a mysterious look on his face.

Jin Erzhong and Anna looked at each other and became even more curious, but did not dare to ask any more questions.

At the moment, the army of Guangming Town continues to move forward with the coalition forces

At the same time, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, Dracula also led a 100,000 reincarnation army and rushed towards the Tiance Clan.

Along the way, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, Dracula also noticed Paul.

The little green light spot that represents Paul has been moving with Taishi and others.

One of the tasks this time at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty was to **** the original Bible in Paul's hands.

However, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was worried that Taishi would block it and that his own strength was insufficient, so he had already notified the forces in the eighth division.

The top ten forces in the eighth division all support the Samsara clan, and they are on their way to the sixth division at this time.

As soon as the forces in the eighth division moved, the ten major forces in the tenth division were also rushing to the sixth division.

The tenth division is to support the Years Clan.

Obviously, the tenth division wants to block the eighth division!

Before you know it, the blue and green sides are already competing!

And the goal they went to together was the Tiance Clan of the red camp.

Obviously, there will be a battleground for the three camps.

It's just that everyone doesn't know that Qin Feng's Yueling clone has arrived near the coastline of the sixth division.

In short, the forces of the entire Blue Star Realm have been mobilized one after another.

The nine forces in the fifth division have assembled and are preparing to join forces to attack Wuzhuangguan

And the Mirage clone is about to arrive at Wuzhuangguan.

On the other side, the third and fourth divisions also received different orders.

At this moment, in the third competition area, the Baili people are stationed in the sky.

Ancestor Baili was looking at a communication jade talisman in his hand.

After a while, he read the information in the jade talisman.

Click!

A crisp sound!

The jade talisman shattered automatically, turned into a little starlight, and dissipated automatically

It turned out that the jade talisman was a communication talisman for thousands of miles, which could fly from thousands of miles away.

It is a one-time consumable item with eight levels and is quite precious.

"Ancestor, who gave you the jade talisman?"

Baili Wuying asked curiously.

The leaders of the mysterious forces such as Lieshan and Bingcan also looked over curiously.

Ancestor Baili took a deep breath: "It came from the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!"

"Ancestor, what did you say at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty?"

"He asked the old man to lead the army in the third division and go to the sixth division to support"

It turned out that at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was worried that he was too weak to deal with Taishi, so he wanted the third division, which also belonged to the blue team, to support him.

"Ancestor, shall we go?"

"Go!"

"Old Ancestor, Longyuan City is in the second division ahead, don't we go to deal with Longyuan City?"

Baili Wuying asked again.

Ancestor Baili smiled bitterly: "Even the ancestor of the white devil is not Qin Feng's opponent. Can we deal with Qin Feng? This matter is for the ancestors of Samsara to worry about. We might as well assist Yuanchu to deal with the Tiance Clan."

Baili Wuying nodded slightly: "That's right!"

"Go! Ten of you, hurry up and mobilize the army, we will set off immediately to support the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!"

"Yes! Old Ancestor (Senior)!"

Baili Wuying, Lieshan, Bingcan and others took orders one after another.

Now, they are going to mobilize the army.

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

In the sky above the station, a majestic and elegant voice suddenly sounded.

"You don't have to go! Just stay!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone was shocked and looked at the sound.

I saw a flash of white light ahead!

A stalwart and handsome figure appeared in front of everyone.

The person here is Qin Feng's wood spirit clone!

Chapter 608 Black Sky Dragon Centipede! Occupation promotion!

The appearance of the wood spirit clone naturally shocked the audience!

Ancestor Baili and the others hurriedly spy on Mu Ling's clone.

In the next second, Patriarch Baili could see clearly that the wood spirit clone was only a heavenly realm.

He frowned slightly.

A small heaven-level realm, why is it so arrogant? !

"Haha! It turns out to be a kid at the realm of heaven!"

"He's from the Red Team!"

"I see!"

"I really didn't expect that a heaven-level boy from the red camp would dare to break into us alone, and dare to say such a big thing, it's ridiculous!"

"Yeah! I think he's here to die!"

The ten leaders, including Baili Wuying, Lieshan, and Bingcan, all laughed loudly.

They also spied on the realm of the wood spirit clone, and also spied on the faction information.

Seeing that the wood spirit clone is only at the heaven level, Baili Wuying and the others all see it in the eyes.

The world showed disdain.

They are all powerhouses in the demigod realm, how could they see a heavenly realm in their eyes!

"Strange! Long Yuan's old nest and Qin Feng are still in the second competition area. How could a Long Yuan disciple come alone? It's so fast!"

Another power leader expressed his doubts.

With this reminder, Patriarch Baili and others also showed the color of thinking!

right!

Looking at the map, Long Yuan's old nest and Qin Feng were still staying at the White Demon Clan's station and did not move.

Why did a disciple of Long Yuan arrive so quickly?

"Senior Baili, this thing is really weird!"

Another power leader muttered.

Ancestor Baili nodded slightly, looked at the wood spirit clone again, and found that it was indeed a heaven-level realm.

But looking at Mu Ling's avatar's calm face again, his brows are even tighter!

Why is an ant in the heaven-level realm so calm?

You must know that no matter how powerful the realm of heaven is, it is already the limit to be able to exert the strength of the peak of the demigod.

But this kind of strength, in front of his False God peak power, is like an ant, and he can instantly kill it with a snap of his fingers.

So where did this guy come from?

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but ask, "Boy, who are you?"

The wood spirit clone said unceremoniously: "Naturally, it's the people who came to kill you!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience was furious!

This kid is too arrogant!

"court death!"

Ancestor Baili is furious!

"Damn it! Ancestor, I'm going to kill this kid!"

Baili Wuying was even more furious!

"Why is it so troublesome! The old man killed this ant with his own hands!"Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, Patriarch Baili slapped the Mu Ling clone with a palm!

He was completely irritated by the wood spirit clone!

The **** ants!

How dare you say that in front of him!

Even if the False God is extremely powerful, he would not dare to say such big words!

Does this little **** really think that he is the true god? !