Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

snort!

How could a mere sky-level ant be a true god!

Boom!

Ancestor Baili shot down fiercely with monstrous anger!

click! click! click!

Wherever that palm passed, the situation changed, and the world trembled!

In the blink of an eye, the giant palm reached the sky above the head of the wood spirit clone.

The leaders of Baili Wuying, Lieshan, Bingcan and other forces all showed excitement, and some gloated!

In their opinion, the wood spirit clone will definitely be smashed into slag!

Just a heavenly ant!

How can it stop the powerful blow of the False God's peak!

This nasty boy deserves to be slaughtered to scum!

It was at this moment that Mu Ling's clone shot, and greeted the blow of the ancestor Baili with one palm!

Ancestor Baili sneered in his eyes!

A celestial child actually delusional to fight him head-to-head!

It's a big joke!

In this case, he let the little **** die more thoroughly!

Boom!

At that moment, Ancestor Baili exerted all his strength!

The momentum of that palm reached its peak, and it was extremely terrifying!

Ancestor Baili's face also became extremely hideous!

In the blink of an eye, the palms are about to meet!

Baili Wuying and others opened their eyes wide!

They want to see how the wood spirit clone died tragically!

boom!

A loud bang!

The two palms finally collided!

Click!

The void for several miles around was blown up into a huge black hole!

Wow!

In the next second, Patriarch Baili screamed, and was slapped with a palm and vomited blood and flew out!

The leaders of Baili Wuying, Lieshan, Bingcan and other forces were all dumbfounded, their mouths wide open.

Below, the children of the 500,000 clans were also completely stunned!

OMG!

Ancestor Baili is the peak power of the False God!

He couldn't even catch the boy's palm!

At this moment, everyone looked at the wood spirit clone in horror.

But without waiting for them to think about it, Mu Ling's clone waved his hand, and white light immediately flashed behind him.

call out! call out! call out!

In just a moment, his back was densely packed, and there was an extra army of 20,000 Longyuan.

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Liu Xuan were at the front of the team.

All of this, like the arrival of heavenly soldiers, shocked the audience!

"Kill me!"

As soon as the Mu Ling clone gave an order, Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er rushed towards the leaders of the forces such as Baili Wuying.

With an army of 20,000, Liu Xuan attacked the 500,000 army of the Ten Clan of Baili!

Suddenly, the sound of killing in the field is shocking!

Baili Wuying and other leaders shouted in shock.

In the blink of an eye, Feng Xi was in front of Baili Wuying, and the sword of death slashed towards him!

"Damn!"

Baili Wuying was furious and raised his sword to fight.

He found that this woman was only at the realm of heaven, so she dared to attack him!

No matter what he said, he was still a peak demigod!

Are you afraid of this woman?

Swish! Swish!

The sword light flashes!

Two swords intersect!

when!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Feng Xi's sword slashed the shadowless long sword for hundreds of miles, and Yu Wei continued to slash down!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Blood shot!

Feng Xi slashed Baili Wuying in half with one sword!

At that moment, the aura of her False God threshold also burst out, instantly crushing the audience!

"She is a False God!"

Lie Shan, Bing Can and other leaders were dumbfounded!

boom! boom!

But without waiting for them to think about it, Xiao Luan'er also killed him, and smashed the two leaders of Lieshan and Bingcan in a row, and the blood mist was flying in the sky!

Her 1.3 million-star combat power instantly enveloped the audience.

This time, the ten Baili tribes were completely frightened!

At the same moment, Liu Xuan led 20,000 Longyuan disciples to the square!

They are also explosive, all of them are above 110,000 stars, which is equivalent to all the peak powerhouses of the sky, and dozens of them are above the demigod realm.

Liu Xuan has reached the threshold of the pinnacle of demigods.

But ninety-nine percent of the 500,000 troops of the Ten Clan of Baili are below the peak of the Heavenly Rank.

As soon as the two sides came into contact, the 500,000 army collapsed!

Terrible scream! One after another!

One after another, the ten clan disciples were beheaded on the spot!

A massacre begins!

A new harvest feast has opened again

On the other hand, after the Mu Ling clone gave the order, he teleported and caught up with the ancestor Baili.

Ancestor Baili was horrified when he saw the wood spirit clone coming.

During the fight just now, he clearly felt that the wood spirit avatar was a genuine True God's initial combat power!

OMG!

How can a person in the realm of heaven have the initial combat power of a true god?

He really can't figure it out!

Don't say that the true **** is in the early stage!

Even in the early stage of the False God, he would be extremely shocked!

But before he thought about it, the wood spirit clone had already been killed!

call out!

White light flashes!

There is an extra low-grade artifact in the hands of the wood spirit clone - the star trapping sword!

Swish!

In the next second, the divine sword slashed towards the ancestor Baili!

A sword light cold!

Bright!

boom!

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

The ground below exploded!

Countless boulders fly across!

A monster with a length of 1000 meters, full of corpse aura, shaped like a hundred-legged centipede, but with black dragon scales all over its body, broke out of the ground and attacked the wood spirit clone.

The aura emanating from that monster suddenly reached the mid-stage of the False God!

That is the corpse pet of the ancestor Baili - Heitian Dragon Centipede!

At this moment, Patriarch Baili released it to sneak attack on the wood spirit clone.

"what!"

The wood spirit clone was also a little surprised. Looking back, it was a sword!

Swish!

The sword fell!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, smashing the sky and breaking the ground!

Click!

A crisp sound!

Green liquid shot!

The wood spirit clone split the black sky dragon centipede into two halves from the beginning to the end!

Although this corpse pet is in the middle stage of False God, it is easier to kill than humans of the same rank!

In the next second, a dazzling white light flew from the body of the Heitian Dragon Centipede, and disappeared into the void.

That is to feed Qin Feng back!

At the same moment, Mu Ling's clone was aware of the sea, and a reminder of the Tao of Heaven sounded.

[You successfully killed the corpse pet Heitian Dragon Centipede (mid-stage False God)! Your body gets +750 billion energy points. 】

[You successfully killed the corpse pet Heitian Dragon Centipede (mid-stage False God)! Your body gets +700 billion Judgment Points. 】

[You successfully killed the corpse pet Heitian Dragon Centipede (mid-stage False God)! Your body gains +300 reputation. 】

[The promotion of your body is 52 Judgment Supreme (primary)! 】Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m