Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

【The strength index of your body increases by 2000 points! 】

[Your body's agility index increases by 2000 points! 】

[Your body mass index increases by 2000 points! 】

[Your energy index increases by 2000 points! 】

The wood spirit clone is overjoyed!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He did not expect that killing this corpse pet would reward ten times the trial value.

In this way, the vocation of his body has been upgraded.

This is definitely a good thing!

It seems that during this competition, anything that kills the enemy faction will be rewarded tenfold!

After killing the Heitian Dragon Centipede, the Mu Ling clone raised his head and looked at Patriarch Baili.

I saw that Baili Patriarch had taken out a long sword, which was also a low-grade artifact.

At this moment, he was looking at the wood spirit clone in horror.

He didn't expect that Mu Ling's clone would instantly kill his corpse pet with a single sword, which refreshed his cognition once again.

0

Swish!

Before he could think about it, the wood spirit clone came to him again.

Suddenly, the two sides fight together!

In just a moment, the screams of the ancestors of Baili sounded in the field! .

Ancestor Baili was smashed to pieces by the wood spirit clone!

The next second, the ancestor Baili, who had turned into a blood mist, wanted to be resurrected, but was attacked frantically by the wood spirit clone!

In the blood mist, Baili ancestor's soul aura fell madly!

At the same time, in the fourth division, the Fengshen tribe was stationed.

The Fengshen clan is the first strong clan in the fourth division.

At this time, the top ten mysterious forces in the fourth division have all gathered in the Fengshen clan.

The children of these ten clans add up to more than 500,000 people.

At this moment, the Fengshen clan was stationed in the sky.

An old man in green robe was looking at the Wanli Communication Talisman in his hand.

This old man is the ancestor of the Fengshen Clan, a mid-stage False God.

Behind him, the patriarch of the Fengshen clan, Feng Chen, and the leaders of the other nine clans stood.

After a while, the ancestor of Fengshen read the message.

The jade talisman in his hand also shattered inch by inch, turning into starlight and scattered.

"Ancestor, who sent this jade talisman?"

Feng Chen asked curiously.

The rest of the chiefs were also listening.

The ancestor of Fengshen took a deep breath: "It's from Taishi! He asked the old man to pay close attention to the movements of the third division. If the people from the third division go to the sixth division to support, he will let the old man stop or harass!"

As soon as these words came out, Feng Chen and other power leaders frowned.

Immediately, Feng Chen said: "Ancestor, the order of Tai Shi is somewhat difficult for a strong man!"

Ancestor Fengshen sighed: "Yeah! My strength in the fourth division is not as good as that in the third division, and this old man is not an opponent of Baili ancestor. Let's block the third division, it's really embarrassing for us!"

As soon as these words fell, all the leaders agreed.

"Senior Fengshen is right! Let us stop the third division, and we will definitely lose!"

"Yeah! Taishi's order is too embarrassing for us!"

"By the way, I think Taishi went to the sixth division, and at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty also went to the sixth division. The eighth and tenth divisions are also on their way to the sixth division. It seems that Taishi is afraid of the third division. The competition area also went to support the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, and let us stop it!"

"Everyone understands this truth! But we can't block the third division with our strength. However, Taishi is talking about blocking or harassing, and he doesn't mean to let us fight recklessly!"

"It makes sense! However, even if we harass, I'm afraid we will suffer!"

"Then what should we do? Taishi has already ordered, if we don't obey, I'm afraid it won't be easy to explain!"

At this moment, the leaders were talking a lot, all worried about the current situation.

The ancestor of Fengshen also sighed: "This matter is really troublesome! But"

Before he finished speaking, a hearty voice sounded in the field.

"What's the trouble? I'm here to help you all!"

As soon as the voice fell, a handsome and extraordinary young man walked out of the void and appeared in front of everyone.

The person here is Qin Feng's Bingling clone!

Chapter 609 Clone shot! Shock the world!

"Who is Er?!"

Fengshen Patriarch hurriedly asked, and looked at the Bing Ling clone with a gloomy expression.

In response to the sudden appearance of the Ice Spirit clone, he conditioned reflexively to be wary.

"Ancestor, he is from Longyuan City!"

"Huh! Really!"

Soon, Feng Chen and others spied on the identity information of the Bing Ling clone, and they were a little surprised.

The ancestor of Fengshen hurriedly spied away

In the next second, he breathed a sigh of relief, and the corners of his mouth twitched slightly.

"Haha! It turned out to be an ant in the realm of heaven! Boy, are you here to die by breaking into my fourth division alone?"

Ancestor Fengshen's tone was full of disdain and a hint of playfulness.

Obviously, he didn't take the ice spirit clone seriously at all, and even wanted to play around.

The Bing Ling clone smiled slightly: "This deity is not here to die, but to help you solve your troubles!"

The ancestor of Fengshen frowned: "Arrogant child! How dare you call yourself 'the deity' in front of this old man, I really don't know how high the sky is!"

Feng Chen also agreed: "That's right! Boy, you really don't know, how much do you have?"

The Bing Ling clone smiled indifferently: "How many kilograms the deity weighs, you will soon find out!"

The ancestor of Fengshen sneered: "How many pounds do you have, the old man is not interested at all! Tell me! What are you doing here?!"

"The deity said before, this deity is here to help you solve your troubles!"

"Worry? Boy, how do you know we have trouble?"

The Bing Ling clone smiled slightly: "Aren't you worried about Taishi's order?"

Ancestor Fengshen's expression changed slightly: "Boy, you have eavesdropped a lot!"

Feng Chen and other power leaders were also horrified.

When they talked about Taishi before, they didn't sense any suspicious people within a radius of dozens of miles.

When did this kid hear that?

This makes me feel a little incredible!

If the Bing Ling clone is a False God, they would not be surprised if they overheard the information.

But this kid is only in the realm of heaven, not even in the realm of demigods.

You must know that the vast majority of people in the heaven-level realm have not even condensed their spiritual consciousness, and they have no means to eavesdrop on information from a distance.

As for the demigod realm, he already has divine consciousness.

But the divine consciousness of the demigod realm has no possibility of hiding in front of the ancestors of the wind god.

Before the ancestor of Fengshen, he didn't notice that there was a spiritual probe!

This made Fengshen Patriarch and others very puzzled.

They naturally didn't know that after Qin Feng condensed the holy lotus of consciousness, the rank of his consciousness reached the level of the true god, far exceeding the ancestor of the wind god.

Even his avatar's level of consciousness has reached the level of a true god.

The ancestor of Fengshen naturally couldn't find it!

With this thought, the ancestors of Fengshen and others also began to feel that this ice spirit clone was a bit strange.

At the moment, the ancestor of Fengshen said coldly: "Boy, what do you think?"

The corners of the Bing Ling clone's mouth twitched slightly: "It's actually very simple to solve the troubles! You are all dead! If you don't, there will be no more troubles!"

boom!

As soon as these words came out, it was like dropping a heavy bomb!

The audience's anger exploded instantly!

"Boy! Courting death!"

"Damn bastard! How dare you make fun of me!"

In anger, the ancestors of Fengshen and others are about to take action.

But I don't want to, the ice spirit clone has already taken the lead.

"Haha! Could it be that this deity is wrong? Why can't you think about it! That's all! Let's take you on the road first!"

While speaking, the ice spirit clone suddenly shot!

Swish!

The inferior artifact - Jue Xing Sword!

Slashing at the ancestor of the wind god!

Ten thousand feet of sword light!

Hit the sky!

The momentum of that sword is shocking!

Like a sword slashed the world!

The ancestor of Fengshen was originally disdainful, and he secretly thought that such ants would dare to attack, which is simply an insult to him.

At the moment, he wanted to slap the dead ice spirit clone with one palm.

But in the next second, he realized that something was wrong!

The imposing manner of the ice spirit clone's sword was extremely terrifying, and it made him feel inexplicably frightened!

This is……

Not right!

With this thought, the ancestor of Fengshen quickly gave up the counterattack, and reflexively picked up a Daoyin tactic!

hum!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

On the arm of the ancestor of the wind god, a strange cyan rune lit up, exuding an ancient breath and a sacred aura.

Divine Mark is now!

Ancestor Fengshen's momentum has soared!

hum!

Immediately afterwards, a cyan light shield appeared in front of him!