Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the defensive aura emanating from the light shield, it suddenly reached the peak level of False God!

This made the Bing Ling clone a little surprised!

Ancestor Fengshen is clearly a mid-stage False God, much weaker than Ancestor Baili.

But his defense has reached the peak level of False God, and it seems that there is something!

Could it be related to the cyan rune on his arm?

Don't allow the Bing Ling clone to think too much, his sword has already fallen, directly slashing on the blue light shield!

Click!

A crisp sound!

That sword slashed the light shield, and Yu Wei continued to slash down!

Click!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The ancestor of Fengshen was cut in half by a sword before he could even let out a scream!

The leaders of Feng Chen, Jiao Yuan and other forces were all dumbfounded at once, and they all stood there with their mouths open!

They were originally furious, and they were going to besiege the Bing Ling clone together.

Unexpectedly, the Bing Ling clone took the first shot, and the ancestor of Fengshen was chopped with one sword!

How is this possible!

The leaders couldn't believe their eyes at all!

As we all know, the ancestor of Fengshen has a divine artifact that can raise his defense and speed to a level, fully reaching the peak level of False God.

With these two methods alone, even if the False God is at the peak of power, he cannot do anything to him.

But he didn't want to, the ice spirit clone slashed him with one sword!

Is this guy a true god? !

Thinking of this, Feng Chen, Jiao Yuan and the others looked at the Bing Ling clone with incomparable horror!

call out! call out! call out!

But at this moment, the Bing Ling clone waved, and white light flashed behind him!

The 20,000 Longyuan army, like a heavenly soldier, appeared directly behind him!

Jumang, Granny Fengqi, and Elder Qishan are at the front of the team!

"Dad! I'm here!"

At this moment, Xiaojumang looks extremely excited!

"Go!"

In the next second, the Bing Ling clone directly ordered.

"Um!"

Xiaojumang agreed, and then slaughtered the leaders of Fengchen and other forces.

Boom!

At that moment, his imposing combat power, which was infinitely close to the middle stage of the False God, unfolded in an instant, crushing the audience!

boom! boom! boom!

The next second, Feng Chen, Jiao Yuan and other seven power leaders were bombarded by him in one breath!

At the same time, Granny Feng Qi and Elder Qishan, with twenty thousand Longyuan's children, also attacked the army of ten clans in the square!

The next second, the screams of the ten clan disciples came from the square!

In just a few seconds, thousands of children of the ten clans were slaughtered by the Long Yuan army!

At the same time, the square was over the sky.

The ancestor of the Fengshen, who was split in half, exploded into a **** fog, and began to surging, wanting to be resurrected!

How could the ice spirit clone allow it to attack the blood mist directly!

Suddenly, the screams of the ancestors of Fengshen came from the blood mist, and the breath of his soul body was also falling madly.

Just like this, the Long Yuan army slaughtered the audience again!

Another harvest feast begins

At the same time, in the sixth division, in the southern direction, over a mountain range.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was leading an army of 100,000 reincarnations and aggressively attacked the Tiance Clan.

Dracula followed behind him tremblingly, constantly courting Yuanchu all the way.

At this moment, Dracula just wants to calm down at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, and when he goes back, don't force him to eat **** again.

Otherwise, he really has the heart to die.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Young Master, our people seem to be a little small! Then Taishi has the help of the Tengkui Nine Clan, and there are at least fifty people!"

"Also, the people of Bright Town are also mixed with them. Paul in Bright Town is very likely to have the original of the Bible. In this way, it is somewhat difficult for us to **** the original of the Bible from Paul. already."

Dracula had nothing to say, just wanted to get closer to the early Yuan Dynasty.

At this time, Yuan Chu's anger also disappeared a lot.

He also knew that Dracula was right to worry.

The number of masters and troops on their side is indeed a bit small.

Immediately, he said: "Don't worry! This young master has already notified the eighth and third divisions to support. Now, the eighth division has been mobilized, and they will be here soon."

Dracula accompanied him with a smile and said, "Young Master is really wise! The subordinates said that the power spot representing the eighth division came to the sixth division. It turned out to be the young master's wise commander!"

Dracula flattered.

Yuan Chu sneered and said nothing.

Dracula continued with a smile: "By the way, what about the third division! Young master, why are the people in the third division so slow? That means their blue light spots are still staying at Baili Station!"

With this reminder, in the early Yuan Dynasty, he hurriedly looked at the map.

Sure enough, Patriarch Baili and the others didn't do anything!

At the beginning of Yuan Dynasty, he frowned suddenly, and there was some displeasure between his brows.

Dracula took the opportunity to fan the flames.

"Young Master, this Baili Patriarch's order to you seems to be a little bit!"

Dracula pretended to sigh.

"Humph!"

Being provoked by this, Yuan Chu was immediately angry.

Just as he was about to say something, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng' killed the hider Baili Patriarch (the peak of the False God), and obtained +3 gold points. 】

boom!

The news is out!

The entire Blue Star Realm was stunned!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, Dracula was completely dumbfounded, and they were stunned on the spot!

OMG!

Ancestor Baili was also killed!

What's even more terrifying is that the person who killed him was just Qin Feng's avatar.

Just a clone!

You can kill the ancestors of Baili!

How strong is Qin Feng's real strength? !

I'm afraid it's not only at the threshold level of a true god!

The power of the threshold of the true God is a clone that cannot condense so strong.

At this moment, all the great powers have this idea in their hearts.

Of course, all the changes are not over!

Not long after the ancestor Baili was beheaded, the ten blue light spots representing the leaders of Baili Wuying, Lieshan, Bingcan and other forces also collapsed one after another.

Everyone realized that the third division was completely over!

The ten tribes in the hundred miles were all destroyed by Longyuan City!

At this moment, Yuan Chu's face was ashen!

"How could this be?! Damn it!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, I was very angry!

The third division supports the Samsara clan!

But I didn't want to, the power in the third division was destroyed by Longyuan City again.

As a result, the number of forces in the blue camp has greatly decreased, and the overall strength has also greatly decreased!

"Young master, I didn't expect that Qin Feng was so strong even in his clone!"

At this moment, Dracula couldn't help but sigh.

After listening to this at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was immediately furious.

He looked up suddenly, staring at Dracula.

"Dracula, that's what I said before! Inferior Longbiren-Qin Feng! Didn't you say that Longbiren can't do? Explain to this young master why Qin Feng is so strong?"

"Ah...this..."

De 5.4 Gula was speechless.

Seeing his appearance, Yuan Chu was particularly angry.

He felt that he had been deceived by Dracula!

The fall of the ancestor Baili made him feel distressed and angry, and he needed someone to vent his anger.

This Dracula touched his muzzle again!

"Dracula! This young master found out that your stinky mouth likes nonsense all the time! By the way, you just arranged Baili Patriarch to say that he did not listen to this young master's orders. Now, the truth is out, you still have What can you say?"

"Ah I"

Dracula is shocked!

He didn't expect that he would inadvertently frame Old Ancestor Baili by fanning the flames at will.

This time, the impression of him at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty became even worse.

Sure enough, Yuan Chu stared at him with extreme disgust.

"Humph! Dracula, after going back this time, you must eat shit! The punishment is doubled! You must eat two lumps!"

"Ah! Young Master! No! No!"

Dracula's wailing sounded again in the field!

"let's go!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he was too lazy to pay attention to him, and directly led the army to leave.

"Young Master! Young Master! I was wrong! I was really wrong! Please don't, Young Master!"

Dracula continued to cry!

He originally wanted to make Yuan Chu happy, so as to avoid the punishment of that shit!