Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Unexpectedly, it backfired!

The punishment is not only inevitable, but aggravated, and one lump has become two lumps!

At this moment, he really even had the heart to die.

While the entire Blue Star Realm was still immersed in shock, some changes had taken place in the fight in the fourth division.

Chapter 610 Amazing harvest! Middle Grade God Rank!

At the same time, in the sixth division, in the north, over a jungle.

Tai Shi and Old Ancestor Teng Kui froze in place, looking up at the sky in disbelief.

Behind them, the 500,000 disciples of the nine clans were also dumbfounded.

Just now, they heard incredible news.

Qin Feng's clone actually killed the ancestor Baili!

Ancestor Baili is the peak power of the False God!

Was actually killed by a clone!

The people are in awe!

Of course, they are more shocked in their hearts!

They were deeply shocked by Qin Feng's strength!

It took a long time for Taishi and Tengkui ancestors to recover.

The two looked at each other silently.

"I didn't expect it! A clone of Qin Feng can kill the ancestor of Baili. How strong is his body?"

Taiji couldn't help but sigh.

Ancestor Teng Kui took a deep breath: "As far as I know, a clone is usually 70% of the body's combat power. Qin Feng's clone can kill Ancestor Baili, and his clone should have the ultimate strength of a virtual god."

"In this way, Qin Feng should be the strength of True God in the early stage. It is stronger than our previous prediction!"

What they predicted before was that Qin Feng was the threshold of the true god.

"yes!"

Taishi also nodded slightly: "This Qin Feng is really not simple, he has repeatedly made amazing performances, and people have to be impressed! However, he is fortunately only the combat power of the early stage of True God. My father and Wuwang senior teamed up and still can kill him. !"

Hearing this, Ancestor Teng Kui breathed a sigh of relief, secretly thinking that everything was still under control.

Their green camp, as long as the ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuwang are there, they will never lose.

Up to now, the two are still full of confidence in their own camp.

At the moment, the ancestor Teng Kui smiled and said: "Don't say that Qin Feng has the strength of the early stage of the true god, even if he has the combat power of the middle stage of the true god, if the seniors of the years and the seniors join forces, they can still defeat him."

"Unfortunately, Qin Feng will never have the combat power of the mid-term threshold of True God! A challenger, it is absolutely impossible for a challenger to reach such a terrifying level in such a short period of time."

"If it can be achieved, it is no longer a monster-level genius. It is a monster among monsters! How could such a peerless character be born in our Blue Star Realm?"

Tai Shi also smiled: "Don't talk about the Blue Star Realm! 27 Even the entire Azure Dragon Star Realm will not be able to produce such peerless characters."

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled knowingly.

They didn't know that Qin Feng's four avatars all had the initial strength of true gods, which was a big grade stronger than the limit of virtual gods they estimated!

And Qin Feng's own combat power has long been infinitely close to the mid-term threshold of True God.

If you add the sacrificial power of Feng Xi's three daughters and Jumang, it is a proper middle stage of the true god, which is stronger than the threshold of the middle stage of the true god!

Even better, Qin Feng's two clones are harvesting the third and fourth divisions!

His strength is going to skyrocket again!

At that time, even without the sacrifices of Feng Xi's three daughters and Jumang, his combat power would still be able to reach the middle stage of True God.

Obviously, Tai Shi and Teng Kui's ancestors greatly underestimated Qin Feng.

Especially Taishi!

Deep down in his heart, he was extremely reluctant to admit Qin Feng's excellence!

Because Yu Xuanji chose Qin Feng, which made him inadvertently want to compare with Qin Feng.

This comparison made him even more embarrassed!

He is far inferior to Qin Feng!

This made him very uncomfortable and very jealous!

He even worried that Qin Feng was so good, if Yu Xuanji saw Qin Feng, would he fall even more?

If so, he would not be able to accept it.

Therefore, he must capture that woman alive as soon as possible.

Just when Taishi was thinking about it, Teng Kui's ancestor spoke again.

"Fellow Daoist Taishi, Qin Feng's clone destroyed the third division, which is also a good thing for us!"

Hearing this, Tai Shi's heart moved, as if he had thought of something.

The next second, he smiled and said, "That's right! Once the third division is destroyed, the strength of the blue team will be reduced by 10. It is indeed a good thing for us green team!"

"Before, the second division that supported us was destroyed. I'm afraid the blue camp is watching jokes! Now, it's our turn to laugh at them!"

Old Ancestor Teng Kui said with a smile: "Yeah! Wealth and misfortune depend on each other! Sometimes, bad things can turn into good things. By the way, Daoist Taishi, Baili Ancestor has been destroyed, so there is no need for Fengshen Ancestor to restrain him. Well. You still invite friends from Fengshen to come to the sixth division!"

"Makes sense!"

Tai Shi smiled smoothly, and took out a thousand-mile communication talisman, ready to send orders to the ancestors of Fengshen.

At this moment, he is in a very good mood!

If the ancestor of Fengshen can also come to the sixth division, he can easily catch Yu Xuanji alive.

Even at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, it was useless!

Even better, after he got Yu Xuanji, he should vomit blood from Qin Feng's anger!

That Yu Xuanji is the number one beauty in the Blue Star Realm, and the number one genius.

Losing such a supporter, he doesn't believe it, Qin Feng doesn't feel sad?

With this in mind, Taishi entered information into the communication symbol

Boom!

But at this moment, the sky shook!

Another announcement of Heavenly Dao resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm!

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', who killed the hidden ancestor Fengshen (mid-stage False God), got +2 gold points. 】

boom!

This time, the entire Blue Star Realm was dumbfounded again!

Tai Shi was instantly stunned!

He froze in place, his mouth wide open!

Patriarch Teng Kui and the 500,000 disciples of the Nine Clan were equally dumbfounded!

Oh my God!

Qin Feng even has a clone!

That clone also destroyed the ancestor of Fengshen!

This Qin Feng is too scary!

The shock in the hearts of everyone was stronger than before.

Their evaluation of Qin Feng improved again.

At the same time when everyone was shocked, the small green light spots representing Feng Chen and other leaders collapsed one by one.

In the blink of an eye, there was not a single green light spot left!

Only the big green light spot of the Fengshen clan's lair is left alone on the map

Taishi and the others stared blankly at this scene, unable to react for a long time!

At this moment, there was a dead silence in the field, and the atmosphere was very frozen!

"Damn!"

Suddenly, Tai Shi roared and smashed the communication jade talisman in his hand!

That **** Qin Feng!

First, the second division that supported them was destroyed, and now the fourth division that supported them was eliminated, causing their green camp to suffer again and again!

This made him extremely angry!

Old Ancestor Teng Kui also took a deep breath: "I didn't expect it! Daoist Fengshen was also poisoned! Daoist Taishi, it seems that we have to speed up our actions!"

This reminder made Taishi suddenly.

yes!

Qin Feng's two clones have destroyed the third and fourth divisions.

They had to speed up to destroy the Tiance Clan and capture that Jade Xuanji alive.

Lest Qin Feng's avatar make trouble!

"That's right! Let's go!"

At the moment, the group stopped talking, and slaughtered the Tiance Clan in a mighty manner.

However, it was said that the Bing Ling clone destroyed the fourth competition area, which once again shocked countless forces, some people were angry, and some people were gloating.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, it was gloating!

Originally, the third division was destroyed, and he was depressed in his heart.

Right now, when he saw that the fourth division was also destroyed, he was instantly relieved!

It was as if I had fallen into a pit of shit, and I was in a bad mood.

When I see other people fall into the **** hole, I feel a lot better.

Of course, in a better mood, there are the Tiance Clan.

At this moment, in the Tiance Clan, tens of thousands of children were excited.

Qin Feng's performance surprised them too much!

At this moment, the station is in the sky.

Yu Xuanji and Granny Yusang both looked happy.

"Patriarch, I didn't expect it! Lord Qin Feng is not only strong, but also has two such powerful clones! It seems that we still underestimate Lord Qin Feng!"

At this moment, Granny Yusang was full of praise for Qin Feng.

Yu Xuanji smiled and nodded: "Yeah! Judging from Qin Feng's avatar performance, Qin Feng's strength is not only the threshold of the true god, but the proper early stage of the true god! With such strength, it is my clan's honor to be the master of my heavenly policy. ."

Granny Yusang nodded with a smile: "Yes! I already believe 100% of my ancestor's prophecy. Now, I wish I could see Lord Qin Feng earlier and see his peerless style!"

Yu Xuanji smiled without saying a word.

However, there was a hint of strangeness hidden in the depths of her eyes.

yes!

Qin Feng's performance surprised her!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

She is also willing to recognize such a peerless character as the master.

The only thing she worried about was Qin Feng's character.

I don't know if this man will be like other men. After seeing her, he will have unreasonable thoughts about her.

She can't guarantee that Qin Feng will not.