Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Especially after recognizing the master, she is even more unable to guarantee her own green|white.

Could it be that she is so pure and clean that she will be dedicated to Qin Feng for so many years?

Thinking of this, Yu Xuanji was a little worried.

"By the way, mother-in-law, do you think Qin Feng will have a third avatar?"

Yu Xuanji suddenly thought of this question.

"this"

Granny Yusang pondered.

After a while, she shook her head slightly: "Patriarch, I don't think there will be anymore. Lord Qin Feng's avatars should all have the ultimate strength of False God. It is good to have two such powerful avatars, it is difficult to have a third one. of."

Yu Xuanji nodded slightly: "That's right!"

At this moment, Yu Xuanji also felt that Qin Feng would not have so many powerful clones.

They didn't know that Qin Feng had four such powerful clones.

Among them, the Moon Spirit clone will soon be able to arrive at the Tiance Clan.

Of course, the strength of Qin Feng's clone is much stronger than they expected.

Moreover, the strength of Qin Feng's clone is still improving.

Because as long as Qin Feng's strength increases, the strength of the clone will rise with the tide.

Just in the sixth competition area, when the forces of all parties gathered, in the sea area near the second competition area, the figure of the reincarnation ancestor and others appeared.

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor looked at the White Demon Clan's residence from afar.

On the map, the red light spot representing Qin Feng stayed where and did not leave.

"Fellow Daoist Samsara, there is still half an hour's journey, we can rush to the White Demon Clan's station and see Qin Feng's child!"

Beside the ancestor of reincarnation, the voice of the ancestor of Beiming sounded.

"Yeah! The old man never thought that the kid has two powerful clones! In just a while, his clones will destroy the third and fourth competition areas!"

The reincarnation ancestor sighed endlessly.

Ancestor Beiming also took a deep breath: "Yeah! This matter is indeed beyond people's surprise. Having said that, this matter is very strange!"

The reincarnation ancestor was puzzled: "What's so weird?"

Ancestor Beiming said: "As far as I know, the clone cannot leave the main body for a hundred miles. The third and fourth competition areas are more than hundreds of millions of miles away from the second competition area. How can Qin Feng's two clones be so far away from the main body? ?"

The reincarnation ancestor pondered: "I once heard a secret. I heard that you can cultivate a clone in the human-level realm, and then get a certain chance to condense a clone that is far away from the main body."

"If the same avatar technique is practiced at the Earth-level realm, then there will be no such effect. This seems to be the influence of the Earth-level Spirit Seal, or a limitation of the Heavenly Dao!"

The ancestor of Beiming suddenly said: "So that's the case! If the rumor is true, then Qin Feng's child's luck is also very good! In an ordinary human-level realm, it is rare that someone can practice the avatar technique."

"Even if you practice the avatar technique, you will need some luck to get the chance to get the avatar to leave the main body. This kind of thing, almost no one in the human-level realm can do it!"

Speaking of this, the tone of Beiming's ancestor was somewhat envious.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The reincarnation ancestor said: "Actually, there is also a way to condense the clones that leave the main body above the realm of the earth. That 397 is the art of incarnation!"

Ancestor Beiming smiled bitterly: "To condense an incarnation, the price is too high! How many people in this world can condense an incarnation? To put it bluntly, Qin Feng's child is very lucky!"

The ancestor of reincarnation nodded slightly: "That's true! However, as long as I wait to kill Qin Feng, no matter how powerful that child's clone is, it will collapse in an instant!"

Ancestor Beiming's eyes lit up: "That's right! The clone does not become an incarnation, it must rely on the main body to survive. If the main body is destroyed, the clone will be destroyed!"

Ancestor Samsara said with a smile: "Now Qin Feng is frequently exposing his strength, and we know almost the same about his strength. At present, he is the strength of True God in the early stage. With such strength, you and I can still destroy him together! "

The ancestor of Beiming nodded slightly: "Don't mention the early stage of the true god, even if it is the threshold of the middle stage of the true god, we can suppress him!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled coldly: "That's right! Fellow Daoist Beiming, let's hurry up! It's only half an hour away, and we can see Qin Feng's child. We can't let him be a demon anymore!"

"Exactly! Let's go!"

At the moment, the two stopped talking, and took Jinyu and other ten envoys to speed up to the location of Qin Feng.

At the same moment, in the third division, the Baili tribe resided.

At this point, the battle is over.

Longyuan is cleaning up the battlefield!

The wood spirit clone is also dealing with the corpse of the ancestor Baili.

At this time, he got a storage ring and a long knife of a low-grade artifact from Baili Patriarch.

In addition, he also extracted a low-grade god-level skill and 10,000 attributes from its corpse.

In short, he scraped off this time, and the harvest was full of pots.

Then, he turned Baili Ancestor's body into ashes.

After doing this, he counted the attribute feedback obtained this time, and he showed a happy expression.

This time, he actually helped the ontology harvest 130 million attribute points!

This gain is huge.

After adding these points to the main body, the combat power will skyrocket a lot!

correct!

He also harvested the corpse of a ferocious beast in the False God realm!

With this in mind, the wood spirit clone looked not far away!

There lay the corpse of the Black Sky Dragon Centipede, which was thousands of feet long, with black dragon scales all over its body, shining with a metallic luster.

Looking at it, it is covered with cherished materials, all treasures!

Thinking of this, the wood spirit clone descended from the sky and came to the corpse of the dragon centipede.

"Hey! This is"

Just when Mu Ling's clone was about to put away the corpse, he seemed to sense something, suddenly raised his head, and looked in the direction of the fourth division with a face of surprise!

It turned out that he sensed it!

The Bing Ling clone found a strange object from heaven and earth!

That is the heaven and earth wonders of the middle-grade **** rank, and the value is higher than that of the middle-grade artifact!

This time, his body has made a lot of money again!

Thinking of this, Mu Ling's clone was pleasantly surprised.

Chapter 612 Surprise! Blood of the Black Dragon!

The sudden appearance of the phantom avatar shocked Qingchengzi and others!

The townspeople below were also shocked!

They thought it was an enemy attack!

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief after seeing that the phantom avatar had yellow skin and black hair and the appearance of a dragon.

At the same time, everyone became curious in their hearts, and they all spy on the phantom avatar.

In this dangerous world of killing, it is not easy to meet a compatriot.

After a while, many people spied the details of the Mirage clone, and opened their eyes in surprise!

"It turns out that he is from Longyuan City!"

"That's not our camp, the leader of the force!"

"This is great! Long Yuan is finally here! He should be sent by Qin Feng, right?"

At this moment, Wuzhuang Temple was a little excited.

They were worried about the attack of the Wuxiang Nine Clan, and suddenly they saw Long Yuan coming, as if they had seen a savior.

But in the next second, there was another murmur from the crowd.

"Oh! The situation is not right! Why is there only one person coming from Long Yuan? The Wuxiang Nine Clan has hundreds of thousands of troops! I only have 10,000 people from Wuzhuangguan, and the number is too different. We need a lot of manpower!"

"Yeah! Without the support of tens of thousands of Longyuan's army! We're afraid we can't withstand the attack of the nine clans, but there is only one person from Longyuan!"

"This person may have come to deliver the letter! After all, Longyuan City is too far away from us, and the army will not arrive so soon!"

"Yes! In that case, Long Yuan's reinforcements won't be able to arrive for a while."

"Hey! It should be like this!"

As soon as these words fell, the audience of Wuzhuang was slightly disappointed.

Then, someone muttered.

"By the way, you said, could this person be Qin Feng's avatar?"

"Isn't that possible! I think this talent is in the heaven-level realm. Qin Feng's city master can kill even the False God limit. He must be a power above the demigod realm, and he is even in the False God realm!"

"That's right! This talent is at the realm of heaven! It can never be the avatar of Qin Feng's city master!"

The crowd murmured again.

At the same time, above the sky.

Qingchengzi and the others looked at the Mirage clone for a while.

He listened clearly to the discussions of the people below.

"It turned out to be a compatriot of Longyuan City!"

Qingchengzi smiled.

He was in a good mood to meet his new compatriots. 750

Wang Keng also muttered: "This guy is really good looking! He's even more handsome than me!"

Qingchengzi patted Wang Keng's head angrily, secretly thinking that this kid was making trouble.

Then, he looked at the Mirage clone again.

"This friend, did the city master Qin Feng send you here?"

The Mirage clone smiled slightly: "That's it!"

"Then Long Yuan has reinforcements coming?"

"This reinforcement is there, but it will take a while to arrive!"

The Mirage clone looked at the direction of the third and fourth divisions.

Those Longyuan disciples are still cleaning up the battlefield, and they won't be able to summon them for a while.

Qingchengzi asked again: "Are the reinforcements coming to the coastline of the fifth division?"

"That's not it!"

Mirage clone answered truthfully.

Qingchengzi and the others suddenly showed a hint of disappointment.

The reinforcements from Longyuan didn't even reach the coastline, so it would take at least a few hours for them to arrive.

But the Wuxiang Nine Clan will be here soon, and it's too late!

"By the way, my friend, I still don't know your name...?"

"Phantom Mirage!"

As soon as the name came out, Qingchengzi and others felt a little weird.

However, they are anxious about the current situation and have no intention to investigate further.

Immediately, Qingchengzi said: "Little Mirage brother, Qin Feng, the city master sent you, should there be some arrangements? Or is it a letter delivery?"

The phantom avatar said: "Send me to help you fight the enemy! Isn't the Wuxiang Nine Clan going to attack?"

Hearing this, Qingchengzi looked at the phantom avatar and showed a wry smile.

"Little Mirage, Pindao, let me tell you the truth! This time when the Nine Clans of Wuxiang are attacking, Pindao is not afraid of the leaders of the nine tribes, but only the ancestor of Wuxiang. That guy is the ultimate power of the False God."

"If you want to deal with that guy, you can only deal with it if City Lord Qin Feng makes a move. You can see on the map that City Lord Qin Feng is still in the second division, so far water can't save near fire!"