Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Qingchengzi sighed.

His meaning is obvious, the Mirage clone comes, and it can't help at all.

Only Qin Feng came to solve the problem.

Wang Keng also echoed: "Yes! Brother Huan Mirage, I'll tell you! That shaman ancestor is very powerful, let alone my master, even if Qin Feng's avatar comes, I'm afraid it's not that shaman. Ancestor's opponent."

Hearing this, the corners of the Mirage clone's mouth twitched slightly.

Obviously, these guys don't know that he is Qin Feng's clone.

It seems that when Qingchengzi and the others saw Qin Feng destroying the ancestors of the white devil and others, they subconsciously believed that Qin Feng was a powerhouse in the demigod realm or the virtual **** realm.

As for the phantom avatar who only has the heaven-level realm, no one thinks that he is Qin Feng's avatar, but thinks that he is here to deliver the letter.

Even the phantom avatar said that he was here to help fight the enemy.

Qingchengzi and others didn't realize that Huan Mirage was Qin Feng's clone, and they didn't think Huan Mirage could help them.

At the moment, the phantom clone wanted to explain,

But at this moment, a disciple exclaimed in the field.

"Master! Look! The army of the Wuxiang Nine Clan is here!"

Everyone was shocked, and they followed the reputation and looked!

I saw dozens of miles away, a team of hundreds of thousands of people, is killing in a mighty way!

That aura covered the sky, it was amazing!

Seeing this scene, Wuzhuang Temple changed its color one after another!

"My God! The Wu Xiang Jiu Clan killed him!"

"A lot of people! Look at this, there are at least 700,000 of them!"

"It's over! It's over! This time, we're done!"

"Don't talk nonsense! We still have the spectator, who is finished?"

This time, the Wuzhuang Temple was a little flustered.

The atmosphere in the arena instantly became tense.

Even Qingchengzi took a deep breath and felt uneasy.

"Little Mirage Brother, the next situation will be very dangerous! Together with the disciples of the Pindao, don't act rashly!"

Leaving this sentence, Qingchengzi bit the bullet and flew forward, actually wanting to face the army alone.

His demeanor made the Mirage clone a little admired.

It can be seen that Qingchengzi is a very responsible person.

However, he also underestimated the phantom avatar, and he really thought it was a messenger, so he let the phantom avatar be with his disciples.

Qingchengzi flew out of ten thousand feet and stood up in the sky, standing alone in the air, waiting for the arrival of the army of the nine tribesmen.

The Mirage clone watched this scene silently, and was also a little curious about what kind of strength Qingchengzi was.

Judging from the observation just now, this Qingchengzi is not simple!

He detected with the eyes of the Dao, Qingchengzi was actually a god-defying god-level joint Dao, stronger than Fengxi's three daughters.

I don't know if he got it by his own strength, or by some fetish or chance?

If its strength and talent are good, it seems that it can develop into a messenger of the body.

Just as the phantom avatar was thinking wildly, Wang Keng and other disciples also muttered nervously.

"Senior brother, do you think Master is in danger?"

"It's hard to say! This time, in the army of the nine clans, there is an ancestor of Wu Xiang. Master is not the opponent of that old monster!"

"Hey! That's true! That old monster is too powerful! Even if the avatar of Qin Feng's city master is not his opponent! Master is only afraid! I am so worried!"

At this moment, Wang Keng and the others looked at Qingchengzi's back, all worried.

When the Mirage clone heard this, he wanted to laugh in his heart.

These guys really look down on themselves!

Just an old monster with the limit of False God!

Can he handle it?Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Having said that, his current strength has improved a lot!

Because the main body has finished adding points, the strength has skyrocketed again!

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone looked at the second division

At this moment, in the second competition area, over the floating city.

Qin Feng closed the panel with a smile on his face.

Just now, he added 242 million attribute points.

This made his basic combat power soar to 23.5 million stars in one fell swoop.

If coupled with the power of combining the Tao and the power of equipment feedback, his comprehensive combat power has reached 25.6 million stars, a proper mid-term power of the True God!

What's even better is that after his strength skyrocketed, the combat power of the four avatars has no limit close to 2000 stars, which is close to the threshold of the mid-term demigod.

With such strength, it would be very easy for a mirage to kill the ancestor Wu Xiang.

In short, Qin Feng's strength has soared again!

He is also more confident, to the ancestors of the last reincarnation and the ancestors of the years

However, the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of the years both have the mid-term combat power of the true gods, and they are not so easy to kill.

By the way, he still has a harvest!

Qin Feng seemed to think of something, and quickly opened the trading channel.

In the next second, white light flashed in front of him, and two storage rings appeared, a low-grade artifact long knife, an ancestor talisman of the wind, and the corpse of the Black Sky Dragon Centipede.

That was the harvest of killing Baili Patriarch and Fengshen Patriarch.

Qin Feng put away the long knife artifact and the storage ring, and looked at the ancestor of the wind.

[Ancestral Talisman of the Wind (primary): middle-grade god-rank, heaven and earth wonders, can evolve. 】

Gee! Gee!

The Ancestral Talisman of the Wind of the Middle Grade God Rank!

Wonders of heaven and earth!

This is his biggest achievement so far!

This thing makes him quite mysterious!

After all, it is the creation of heaven and earth, not man-made.

Its talisman paper is also like paper but not paper, invulnerable to water and fire.

After Qin Feng took a closer look, he found that on the talisman paper, there were blood threads like human capillaries, which were like living things, very miraculous!

He couldn't help thinking, if the Ancestral Talisman of the Wind were to evolve to an advanced level, or even the top level, would there be a strange vision?

At this moment, Qin Feng felt inexplicably that refining this thing would be of great use in the future!

call out!

With this in mind, Qin Feng separated a fission variant.

The next second, the fission body took the 'Ancestral Talisman of the Wind (primary)' and entered the zero-dimensional space to refine it.

After processing the Ancestral Talisman of the Wind, Qin Feng looked at the body of the Heitian Dragon Centipede.

This is the corpse of a vicious beast in the False God realm!

It was the first time he got it!

Having said that, this level of beast bones corresponds to the rank of low-rank gods.

In the future, if he wants to create high-level public buildings, it will have great use.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng wanted to collect the corpse of the dragon centipede.

"Right! This corpse has not been extracted yet"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurried forward to extract

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the blood of the mid-grade black dragon (low-grade **** rank)]

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the blood of the mid-grade black dragon (low-grade **** rank)]

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired 10,000 strength attributes]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

What a surprise!

He didn't expect that when he deliberately extracted the corpse of a vicious beast, he actually got two drops of the blood of the gods.

This time, he made a lot of money again!

Thinking about it, the corpse pet in the middle stage of the False God was refined into a corpse pet after death.

It is very likely that he was at the peak level of False God during his lifetime.

If a beast of this level has bloodline talent, the quality of divine blood in its body is naturally extremely high.

In short, Qin Feng was greatly satisfied with this unexpected gain.

At the moment, his mind moved, and the white light flashed on his body, and two more fission bodies were separated.

Afterwards, the two fission bodies each took out a drop of divine blood and entered the zero-degree space to refine the blood of the black dragon.

Qin Feng also put away the dragon centipede corpse.

So far, he has dealt with all the trivial matters.

Next, he waited for the reincarnation ancestor to come to the door.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the direction of the seventh division, secretly thinking that the reincarnation ancestor should also arrive.

In fact, the group of Ancestor Samsara was only a quarter of an hour away from him.

By the way, on the Wuzhuangguan side, the war is about to start!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked in the direction of Wuzhuang Temple again

At this moment, the atmosphere in Wuzhuang Temple was very tense.

The disciples in the observation, one by one, looked at the front with great nervousness.

In the crowd, only the Mirage clone was alone, calm and relaxed.

At this time, he was in a very good mood.

Just now, the addition of points to the body was completed.

This made his strength soar, and he was infinitely close to the mid-term threshold of True God.

Even better, the Wuxiang Nine Clan also killed it.

The Mirage clone looked up and looked forward.

The army of the nine clans had already reached the vicinity of Wuzhuangguan, and they were no more than a mile away.

The Wuzhuangguan disciples became more and more nervous.

Even Qingchengzi was worried!

But there was a hint of joy in the eyes of the phantom avatar.

In his opinion, another harvest feast is about to begin

Chapter six hundred and thirteenth Zhou Yi Shenwei! Humane luck!

It didn't take long for the Wuxiang Nine Clan to kill!