Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The two sides confronted each other at the entrance of Wuzhuangguan Station.

The nine tribes of Wuxiang, an army of 700,000 people, densely gathered in the air, overlooking the 10,000 people from Wuzhuang Temple.

Seven hundred thousand to ten thousand!

The difference in the number of distances forms a strong contrast!

For a moment, the children of Wuzhuangguan felt that they were alone and had a sense of helplessness.

The pressure on the hearts of the disciples was enormous!

Looking at the front of the army of nine clans, an old man in black robe with a proud expression stood up in the sky.

His green eyes, like animal pupils, were cold and arrogant, he just glanced at Qingchengzi at random, and then looked at the disciples behind Qingchengzi.

The eyes of the old man in black robe swept over Wang Keng and others, and also swept over the phantom avatar.

Wherever his eyes passed, there was disdain in his eyes.

Even when he saw the phantom avatar, he didn't stop at all, and his eyes were full of disdain.

It's just a group of ants in the heaven-level realm, and they don't deserve his attention at all!

Looking at the children of Wuzhuangguan in the square, the disdain in his eyes became even stronger.

Half of the disciples in the square are still at the prefecture level!

This five villages don't look very good!

Not all members are in the heaven-level realm, and there is not a single demigod-level powerhouse!

Why was Naroga defeated?

The black-robed old man was a little puzzled!

In fact, this black-robed old man is the ancestor of the Wu Xiang clan, the Wu Xiang ancestor, a False God extreme power.

And behind the ancestor Wu Xiang, there are ten strong demigods standing, all of them are very aura.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The person closest to him was a middle-aged man with a thin face, the same green eyes, and a cold and powerful aura.

This man is called Wu Zhi, and he is the current patriarch of the Wu Xiang clan.

Beside Wu Zhen, there was a man in a white robe, with a pale face and a lot of blood on his chest, as if he had been severely injured before.

This white-robed man is the Patriarch of the Naro Clan - Naroga, a mid-stage demigod powerhouse.

Before, he led tens of thousands of troops to attack Wuzhuangguan, thinking that he had found soft persimmons, but was killed by Qingchengzi, and he almost died on the spot.

Now that he thinks about it, he still has some fears in his heart!

At the same time, his inner resentment towards Qingchengzi also reached its peak.

It was this sloppy old man in a gossip robe who almost killed his clan!

After this battle, the vitality of his Naro tribe was greatly damaged, and there is no time for hundreds of years, I am afraid that they will not be able to recover.

How could he not hate it?

"Brother Naro, you were defeated by this sloppy old man?"

Just when Naroga was thinking about it, Wu Zhen's voice came from beside him.

At the same moment, the ancestor Wu Xiang also looked at him with his eyes, and his eyes seemed puzzled.

They looked at Qingchengzi, a sloppy old man, no matter how he looked at it, he was in the realm of heaven.

This makes them completely incomprehensible!

Ancestor Wu Xiang and others naturally did not know that Qingchengzi relied on the original help of "Book of Changes" to obtain the God-defying God-level combined Dao, how could it be comparable to the ordinary heaven-level realm.

What's even better is that after the previous battle, Qingchengzi's strength has risen a lot.

For such a change, Naroga did not know.

At this time, Naroga smiled bitterly: "Brother Wu Zhi, don't look at this old man's realm of heaven, but his strength has reached the peak of a demigod, and his strength is terrifying!"

"Really?" Wu Yan sneered.

The tone was clearly incredulous.

He has occasionally heard of the demigod peak in the heaven-level realm, but he has never seen it.

If it can be achieved, it is definitely a super genius.

He didn't believe that the old man Qingchengzi could be a super genius?

In fact, Wu Yan felt very unhappy!

He is the fifth division, the patriarch of the first strong clan.

Even he doesn't have that kind of talent, how could this old man have that kind of talent?

In a word, Wu Yan looked down on Qingchengzi, who was a challenger, and was also jealous of Tiandao's favoritism towards the challenger.

He somehow thought that Qingchengzi should not have such talent.

Obviously, he underestimated Qingchengzi.

He didn't even know that there was a more terrifying mirage clone hidden beside Qingchengzi.

Thinking of this, Wu Yan looked at Qingchengzi.

His green eyes were full of gloom and endless mockery.

When Qingchengzi saw him, he couldn't help but take a deep breath, feeling a little nervous in his heart.

The atmosphere on both sides became more tense at this moment.

The air seemed to freeze a little!

At this moment, Wu Yan spoke up.

"Qingchengzi, you are now besieged by my nine clans, and your clan is about to be exterminated. Do you regret joining the Longyuan City camp now?"

There was a hint of schadenfreude in Wu Yan's tone.

Qingchengzi said in a deep voice: "Pindao supports my compatriots and never regrets it! Besides, how do you know that my Wuzhuang Temple will be destroyed? Could it be that you are the ones who have been destroyed?"

As soon as these words fell, Wu Yan and the others burst into laughter.

"Haha! This old man must be crazy! He actually said that we will be destroyed!"

"We have senior shamans in charge, and there are 700,000 troops. How could we be destroyed by you? Why do you?! Only because of your ten thousand people? Because you don't have a single demigod?"

"A group of ants who don't even have a demigod realm! It's incredible to say such arrogant words!"

"Brother Naro, you were defeated by such a crazy old man?!"

At this moment, Wu Ji and the others all laughed, as if they had heard a big joke!

The 700,000 army behind them also burst into laughter, thinking that Qingchengzi is really crazy.

Ancestor Wu Xiang also shook his head slightly, feeling that Qingchengzi’s words were unreasonable!

Even Wang Keng and other Wuzhuangguan disciples were sweating on their foreheads.

They also felt that what the viewer had said was a little unreliable.

It should be them who will be exterminated this time, how could it be the Wuxiang Nine Clan!

The audience should be talking about the scene!

In the crowd, only the Mirage clone looked calm.

In fact, Qingchengzi himself didn't believe what he just said, he just said it according to the meaning of the hexagram to support the scene.

After some ridicule, Wu Yan asked the ancestor Wu Xiang for instructions.

"Ancestor, Naroga was defeated by this Qingchengzi. I'm curious about his strength! I'll give him a try!"

Ancestor Wu Xiang nodded slightly to show his approval.

For such heaven-level ants, he disdains to take action.

Wu Yun was overjoyed when he got permission!

At the moment, he looked at Qingchengzi.

"Qingchengzi! You dare to say such a big thing, then let Wu Mou see if you have that ability!"

boom!

As soon as he finished speaking, Wu Yan rushed towards Qingchengzi!

The following exclaimed!

The Wuzhuang View is extremely nervous!

The disciples of the Wuxiang Nine Clan all showed the look of watching a good show.

As we all know, Wu Zhi is extremely powerful, and many years ago, his combat power reached the peak of a demigod.

Today, his combat power has reached 1.1 million stars!

With such a terrifying combat power, even if Qingchengzi had the strength of the peak of a demigod, he would suffer a big loss in his hands!

In the blink of an eye, Wu Yan was in front of him!

"Old Qingcheng! Die!"

boom!

Wu Yan punched with all his strength and slammed into Qingchengzi!

The 1.1 million-star combat power and momentum, obscuring the sky, crushed it, and it was extremely terrifying!

click! click! click!

Wherever the fist wind passes, the space is broken inch by inch, and the power destroys the sky and destroys the earth!

Qingchengzi's complexion changed slightly!

He couldn't catch this terrifying punch!

Must use that fetish!

In the crowd, the Mirage clone saw this scene, and there was a trace of worry in his eyes.

He could sense that Qingchengzi's combat power had not yet reached 1.1 million.

Just when I was thinking about the Mirage clone, should I teleport over to help, the mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

call out!

I saw Qingchengzi wave his hand, and "Book of Changes" originally appeared.

hum!

In the next second, "Book of Changes" was originally enlightened, and instantly turned into a burst of divine pages, which were full of dense divine inscriptions.

what! This is

Mirage's avatar's eyes lit up!

He felt that this **** page was very familiar!

correct!

Isn't this very similar to the first page of his book on the present world!

Could it be that this is one of the pages of the gods of the living book?

There are three pages of the gods of the present book, namely the upper page, the middle page, and the lower page.

The previous page is in Qin Feng's hands.

The next page is in the hands of the ancestors of reincarnation.

And the middle page is missing!

Could it be that what he sees now is the middle page?

If it is the middle page, he will get this middle page, and then get the next page of the reincarnation ancestor.

If you combine three pages into one, you can get the top-grade fetish—the Book of the World.

With this thought, Mirage's avatar's heart is hot!