Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Of course, Qingchengzi is a compatriot of Longbi!

Qin Feng will not fight for it, he will exchange it with Qingchengzi in the form of barter.

Of course, now is not the time to consider these things, and we will talk about everything after the elimination of the Wuxiang Nine Clan.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone is in a good mood.

He found the whereabouts of the pages of the living book, which was an unexpected surprise!

hum!

Just when the phantom avatar was thinking wildly, the pages of the book of the Book of Changes that were originally transformed into the world turned into a white light and merged into Qingchengzi's body.

Boom!

Suddenly, Qingchengzi's momentum skyrocketed all the way!

In the blink of an eye, his combat power has skyrocketed to 1.4 million stars!

hum!

Then, the world shook!

Another milky white beam of light descended from the sky and poured into Qingchengzi's body.

The phantom avatar looked at the white beam of light in amazement!

0

As the Son of Destiny, he could tell at a glance that the milky white beam of light was a beam of luck!

At this moment, Qingchengzi increased his luck value tenfold!

At this moment, Phantom Mirage's mind and body were suddenly stunned!

On the first page of the book of this world, controlling the number of places, that is, manipulating space.

On the next page of the Book of the World, to control the number of days, that is, to control time.

On the pages of the book of the present world, mastering the number of people is also manipulating the luck of humanity!

Therefore, after Qingchengzi merged with the middle page, not only did his combat power skyrocket, but his luck also improved a lot.

Having said that, good luck makes people, and luck is unpredictable!

Luck is the most incomprehensible!

It's like, under the same combat power, people with good luck will often defeat those with bad luck!

Because luck is also part of strength!

Boom!

It was at this moment that Wu Yan's punch fell!

boom!

Qingchengzi hurriedly punched him!

In an instant, the fists collided!

boom!

A loud bang!

In the next second, Wu Yan groaned and was blasted away by a punch!

boom!

This scene suddenly made the audience dumbfounded!

No way?

Wu Shi is the first powerhouse in the demigod realm in the fifth division!

He was actually blasted away by Qingchengzi of the heaven-level realm!

Everyone was shocked!

While the Wu Xiangzu was surprised, they also felt that there was no face left!

"Damn!"

The next second, the roar of the ancestor Wu Xiang sounded in the field!

How could he tolerate such a scene? !

This five villages really have some background!

0

If it is not destroyed this time, the number one strong clan in the fifth division in the future is likely to be Wuzhuangguan!

He absolutely cannot accept this!

This Qingcheng child must die!

Thinking of this, the ancestor Wu Xiang suddenly shot!

Swish!

He dodged and instantly reached the sky above Qingchengzi's head. ,

"Child! Go to hell!"

Ancestor Wu Xiang slammed towards Qingchengzi's head with one claw!

Qingchengzi was nearly fifty years old, but at his age, in front of the ancestor Wu Xiang, he was a child.

At this moment, he slammed into Qingchengzi with all his strength, intending to kill Qingchengzi with one blow!

At that moment, the imposing aura of his False God's limit exploded!

Shelter! Overwhelm the audience!

click! click! click!

Under the crushing power of God!

The ground in a radius of 100 miles is cracked, and it is extremely terrifying!

Qingchengzi opened his eyes in horror!

At this moment, he clearly sensed the power of the ancestor Wu Xiang!

Under that claw, he will definitely be killed in seconds!

He simply can't handle it!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Don't say it's him, even the peak of the False God can't catch it!

Infinite Taoist!

Is Pindao going to die here?

At that moment, Qingchengzi's eyes showed despair!

Not far away, Wang Keng and other disciples of Wuzhuangguan changed their expressions greatly, and they secretly said that they were not good!

But they are too weak to do anything at all!

In the blink of an eye, the paw of the ancestor Wu Xiang was about to fall!

Seeing that, Qingchengzi was about to be killed by his claw!

The disciples of the Wuxiang Nine Clan were all excited, and each one showed a look of anticipation.

Especially the children of the Wu Xiang clan!

Their patriarch was just blasted away by Qingchengzi, and now they need their ancestors to get their face back!

As long as this Qingchengzi is killed, their face will naturally be damaged!

Boom!

The terrifying giant claws fell!

Seeing that, Qingchengzi is about to be killed!

At this extremely critical moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

Swish!

Only the light and shadow flickered!

The phantom avatar instantly appeared beside Qingchengzi!

"roll!"

In the next second, he shot at the ancestor Wu Xiang!

That shot was fast and hard!

The momentum is amazing!

"court death!"

The ancestor Wu Xiang was shocked and angry!

He subconsciously swung his paw at the phantom avatar!

boom!

A loud bang!

For miles around, the void is all broken!

Between the two sides, a huge black hole exploded!

The terrifying aftermath of the explosion blew away Qingchengzi on the side!

But in the next second, the ancestor Wu Xiang screamed mournfully and vomited blood and flew out!

This scene is even worse than Wu Zhen!

That painful scream echoed in the air!

Blood sprayed all the way!

At this moment, the whole audience was stunned, their mouths wide open!

Everyone looked at the Mirage clone in horror!

OMG!

It's this guy!

He actually hit the ancestor Wu Xiang with a single shot!

At this moment, the whole place was dead silent!

Even the air is frozen

Chapter 614 The Heavenly Soldiers Are Coming! Sweep the field!

Before everyone could react, the Mirage clone hurriedly waved.

call out! call out! call out!

At this moment, white light flashed behind him!

The disciples of 40,000 Longyuan appeared one after another, like the arrival of heavenly soldiers!

Jumang, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er and others are right in front of the team!

It turned out that the disciples of Long Yuan had already cleaned up the two battlefields and were summoned by the phantom avatar.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

Feng Xi, Jumang, and Xiao Luan'er were very excited when they saw the Mirage clone.

"Go!"

After the phantom avatar quickly gave the order, he held the **** gun and chased and killed the ancestor of the witch.