Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

boom! boom! boom!

At the same moment, Jumang, Fengxi, and Xiaoluan'er released their momentum one after another!

Boom!

At that moment, Jumang's momentum was fully unfolded, suddenly reaching 2.7 million stars, a proper mid-stage False God.

Feng Xi has reached 1.7 million stars, a proper early stage of False God.

Xiao Luan'er also reached 1.5 million stars, just reaching the threshold of False God Realm!

These three powerful momentums unfolded, once again alarming the audience!

Oh my God!

Three False God-level powerhouses have come again!

One of them even reached the mid-level False God!

boom! boom! boom!

At the same moment, all the disciples of the 40,000 Longyuan were in full swing, and none of them were lower than 130,000 stars!

130,000 stars!

This exceeds the ultimate combat power of the peak of the sky!

It is equivalent to saying that the combat power of these 40,000 people is all above the limit of the peak of the sky.

Wu Xiang Jiu Clan was dumbfounded!

Their nine clans, 700,000 troops, with a combat power of over 130,000 stars, were less than 400 people.

In such a comparison, they are far worse than these 40,000 people!

What is even more terrifying is that more than 300 of these 40,000 people have reached the level of a demigod!

OMG!

This is too powerful!

Who is this group of people?

Before waiting for the Wuxiang Nine Clan to react, the Long Yuan army took action!

"kill!"

As soon as the momentum unfolded, Jumang, Fengxi, and Xiaoluaner took the lead in rushing towards the army of the nine clans!

boom! boom! boom!

In just a split second, the three of Jumang blasted Wu Ji, Naroga and other three power leaders.

"Kill!"

At the same time, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan also led the army of 40,000 Longyuan and rushed towards the army of the Wu Xiang Nine Clan!

As soon as the two sides came into contact, the nine clan army collapsed instantly!

In the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of children of the nine clans were beheaded!

Blood is flying all over the sky!

Terrible scream!

Echoing in the void!

This astonishing scene shocked the audience of Wuzhuang!

Especially Wang Keng!

He never thought that the Mirage, who was standing beside him just now, would seriously injure the ancestor Wu Xiang with a single shot!

What's even more frightening is that the Mirage also summoned 40,000 Heavenly Soldiers!

These Heavenly Soldiers are all above the limit of the Heaven-level peak, and there are three False God-level powerhouses among them!

This really shocked him!

"He and the others are from Longyuan City!"

"It's Longyuan reinforcements! It's Longyuan reinforcements!"

"Haha! It was Long Yuan's people who came to save us!"

At this moment, someone spied on the identities of Liu Xuan and others.

Suddenly, there were earth-shattering cheers in the field!

Wuzhuangguan is very excited!

In the air, Qingchengzi reacted.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He quickly looked at the townspeople.

"What are you still doing! Kill Pindao!"

boom!

With that roar, everyone woke up!

"Kill!"

"Kill them all!"

In the next second, the Wuzhuangguan disciples roared angrily and rushed towards the army of the Nine Clan!

Qingchengzi was the first to pounce on those power leaders!

Suddenly, there was an earth-shattering scream in the arena!

The addition of Wuzhuangguan made the army of the Nine Clan even more miserable!

One by one, the disciples of the nine clans were beheaded!

The shrill screams came one after another!

The blood fog is flying all over the sky!

The corpses are rolling down!

In just a moment, hundreds of thousands of children of the nine clans were beheaded!

The nine clan army completely collapsed!

Start running around!

The Long Yuan army is killing it!

The scene was a total slaughter!

Longyuan and Wuzhuangguan have the absolute upper hand!

The new harvest feast has just begun

At the same moment, Division 3 and Division 4.

Qin Feng's wood spirit clone and ice spirit clone are still in storage.

The two clones must go to those old nests and integrate the land deed cards in order to effectively obtain the land.

At the same time, the two clones have to clean up the remaining forces!

Before you know it, the number of sites in Longyuan City has reached 299.

Only the last one, Qin Feng can unlock the 100,000-star feedback.

This makes Qin Feng look forward to it!

At this moment, in the second competition area, over the floating city.

Qin Fengyao looked in the direction of the fifth division with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

He and the Mirage clone are of the same heart, and naturally know everything that happened in the fifth division!

At this moment, the situation in the fifth division is very good!

It is estimated that it will not be long before the Wuxiang Nine Clan will be wiped out.

At that time, the Mirage clone can help him harvest a wave of attribute points, making his strength soar!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

In addition, the fact that the mirage avatar discovered the 'page of the book in the present world' also surprised him.

At this moment, he was very curious, how did Qingchengzi get the 'God Book Page'?

If he can get the middle page, add the upper page in his hand, and get the lower page in the hands of the reincarnation ancestor, he can combine the three pages into one, and get the high-quality god-level thing - the book of this world!

Treasures of the top grade gods!

He has never gotten one so far.

If you can get one, how powerful is it?

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

correct!

It's time for the reincarnation ancestor and others to arrive!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the direction of the seventh division, and his consciousness also scanned in that direction.

what! This is

With this detection, his consciousness scanned a scene 100,000 miles away.

I saw a group of people rushing in his direction from a distance of 100,000 miles.

In front of the team, he saw the reincarnation ancestor, and a bald old man with extraordinary breath.

Behind the two of them, he also saw ten other people, including the old woman Baihe and Heiyi, all of them with the peak aura of a demigod.

Obviously, these ten people are the ten messengers of the reincarnation ancestor!

"The reincarnation ancestor is finally here!"

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly raised.

He had been waiting for a long time.

In other words, the distance of 100,000 miles, at the speed of the reincarnation ancestor and others, it should be able to arrive within five minutes!

I don't know what the real strength of this reincarnation ancestor is?

Also, the bald old man beside the reincarnation ancestor doesn't seem to be easy!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's consciousness peeped towards the ancestor of Beiming.

For all this, the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of Beiming were not aware of it!

They didn't know that Qin Feng was spying on them.

It turned out that Qin Feng condensed the holy lotus of consciousness, and its spiritual consciousness was more than two people, so the two were unaware.

At this moment, the two were still on their way and chatting.

"Fellow Daoist Beiming, you were comparable in strength to the old ancestor of the years! Now, the ancestor of the years should have broken through to the middle stage of the true god, and you should be not far behind?"

Ancestor Samsara asked casually.

Old Ancestor Beiming smiled bitterly: "This time and another! At that time, the old man was really not much different from the old ancestor of the years, but now he has surpassed him by a lot. The old man is still a line from the middle stage of the true god."

"However, if the old man uses all the means, he can still reach the threshold of the middle stage of the true god!"

Ancestor Samsara's eyes lit up: "That's good! To be honest, if I use all the means, it will be a proper middle stage of the true god!"

Ancestor Beiming was stunned: "Hey! Fellow Daoist Samsara, your strength is stronger than the old man imagined! According to what you said, you should be on the same level as the old ancestor of the years, and even better than the old man!"

"However, your potential and talent are much stronger than those of the ancestors of the years. After all, you are only in the False God realm now. When you break through to the True God realm, your strength will skyrocket by another level!"

"At that time, you will be my Blue Star Realm, the well-deserved number one powerhouse!"

Hearing this, the reincarnation ancestor stroked his beard and smiled, his expression calm.

At this moment, in the depths of his eyes, there was a hint of pride.

"Fellow Daoist has won the prize! The reason why this old man's strength has been greatly increased is that he broke the curse not long ago! However, this old man is very worried now that Qin Feng's child's strength will exceed your expectations!"