Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Having said that, the reincarnation ancestor looked in the direction of the floating city with a look of anxiety on his face.

The ancestor of Beiming nodded slightly: "That kid's performance is really amazing! From the current point of view, he should have the strength of the early stage of the true god! However, with such strength, you and I can join forces to kill him!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled slightly: "That's right! As long as Qin Feng's strength does not reach the mid-term threshold of True God, we can kill him, it's not a big problem! The old man is worried about whether he will have the strength of the mid-term threshold of True God. ?"

The ancestor of Beiming sneered and shook his head: "This is absolutely impossible! How many days does it take for a challenger to come to this world? It is absolutely impossible for him to raise his strength to the threshold level of the mid-term true **** in such a short period of time!"

"Don't talk about him, even a monster-level star field genius, it can't be done!"

The reincarnation ancestor breathed a sigh of relief: "The old man also thinks it is impossible! It seems that he is at most the early stage of the true god!"

Old Ancestor Beiming smiled: "It should have been like this! By the way, Fellow Daoist Samsara, you told this old man before. You have seen that kid, and he seems to be in the heaven-level realm. The old man can't understand, a heaven-level realm. , can you really bring your combat power to the initial stage of True God?"

"This old man also thinks it's impossible! Maybe Qin Feng broke through to the demigod realm after that, or even the False God realm. His strength will reach the current level of terror, which has repeatedly exceeded my expectations!"

The reincarnation ancestor carefully analyzed it.

The ancestor of Beiming nodded again and again: "It makes sense! It should be that kid's realm has broken through! Otherwise, a kid in the heaven-level realm is absolutely impossible to have the strength of the initial stage of the true god!"

The reincarnation ancestor also said: "That's right! The old man also believes that the realm of heaven will never reach that kind of strength!"

In this way, the two of Samsara analyzed self-righteously while rushing towards Qin Feng's position.

Qin Feng spied here and felt a little funny!

These two old guys really underestimated him!

It is said that the realm of heaven will definitely not reach the combat power of the initial stage of the true god.

The funny thing is that Qin Feng is in the realm of heaven, and his combat power has reached the middle stage of the true god.

Not to mention Qin Feng, even Qin Feng's four avatars are all close to the mid-term threshold of True God with a combat power of 2.3!

If you say this, it will definitely turn people's perceptions upside down!

After a while of fighting, these two old monsters know the truth, I'm afraid they will be stunned on the spot!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled, then withdrew his consciousness and stopped spying.

The next second, over the floating city.

Qin Feng stood in the sky, looking at the direction of the ancestors of Samsara and others, waiting for the strong enemy to come to the door!

At this moment, he was also a little worried.

He is confident that the probability of defeating the ancestor of reincarnation is very high!

But if he wants to kill the reincarnation ancestor, the possibility is very small!

Killing a mid-stage True God powerhouse is ten times more difficult than defeating a mid-stage True God powerhouse!

Unless Qin Feng has absolute strength and can crush the reincarnation ancestor, then there is hope to kill him!

Otherwise, the reincarnation ancestor is very likely to just retreat and flee!

But Qin Feng's goal is to kill the ancestor of Samsara.

Only by doing so, he can get the next page of the book of the world, and the other half of the SS-level mission order.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, feeling a little more urgency in his heart.

It seems that he still needs to improve some strength!

Only by doing that, will he have a greater confidence in killing the ancestors of Samsara.

He is even more worried that if the ancestor of Samsara escapes this time, it will be more difficult to kill next time.

"Hey! It's finally here!"

At this moment, Qin Feng suddenly looked forward.

At this moment, a group of people appeared in his sight.

The person here is the group of the ancestors of reincarnation!

Chapter 615 One punch and flying! Battle of the True God!

At the same time, the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of Beiming also saw Qin Feng.

"Fellow Daoist Beiming! That is Qin Feng!"

The reincarnation ancestor looked at Qin Feng from afar, with a sneer in his eyes.

Sure enough, this kid!

The last time he was in the Sea of ​​Myriad Tribulations, he severely injured this kid with one palm.

I didn't expect to see him for a few days, this kid's strength has reached the initial stage of the true god, it's really weird!

Thinking of this, the reincarnation ancestor was very upset!

He regretted that he didn't kill Qin Feng with one palm!

In fact, the reincarnation ancestor did not know that the person he met at the beginning was just a clone of Qin Feng!

He doesn't even know that Qin Feng's current strength is not the early stage of the true god, but the middle stage of the true god!

"This kid is very young!"

Ancestor Beiming also saw Qin Feng's appearance and couldn't help but sigh.

Generally speaking, the younger you look, the better your talent tends to be.

"Master, it seems that Qin Feng is the only one in Long Yuan's old nest!"

The old woman Baihe also muttered.

With this reminder, Ancestor Samsara and Ancestor Beiming hurriedly looked at it.

really!

The floating city is empty!

They only saw Qin Feng alone, standing above the sky.

"Strange! Why is Qin Feng alone?"

The reincarnation ancestor is puzzled.

Ancestor Beiming said: "Maybe it was taken by this kid's clone to another competition area!"

Ancestor Samsara nodded slightly: "It makes sense! In fact, it doesn't matter whether other people are there or not, as long as this kid is there! We are here to destroy this kid!"

Ancestor Beiming smiled and said, "That's right! Let's go, let's meet this kid!"

As soon as the words fell, they continued to rush towards Qin Feng.

It didn't take long for the group of ancestors of reincarnation to arrive near the floating city.

They stopped silently at a distance from Qin Feng.

Then, a group of people looked at Qin Feng.

"Hey! He is at the realm of heaven!"

"My God! It's really at the realm of heaven!"

After looking at it, the whole group showed a look of astonishment.

Reincarnation Patriarch and Beiming Patriarch, 04 even looked at each other face to face.

On the way here, they have been analyzing and thinking that Qin Feng is the False God realm.

If there is no False God realm, it is impossible to have the strength of the initial stage of True God.

But he didn't want to, Qin Feng not only did not reach the False God realm, but he was not even in the demigod realm.

He is only in the realm of heaven.

The result surprised them!

At the moment, the two ancestors secretly transmitted their voices.

"Fellow Daoist Samsara! How can this kid be in the heaven-level realm? This is very different from what we judged!"

Ancestor Samsara nodded slightly, "Yeah! The old man thought that he had at least broken through to the demigod realm. After all, he was at best the threshold of the peak of the False God last time, which is much worse than the initial stage of the True God!"

"It stands to reason that if he hadn't broken through the realm, he would never have had such a big increase in strength!"

The ancestor of Beiming nodded: "It is true!"

Then, he seemed to have thought of something and continued to transmit.

"By the way, Samsara Daoyan, we judge Qin Feng's strength from the performance of his avatar, but this judgment is not necessarily accurate. After all, we have not witnessed his avatar's shot!"

Old Ancestor Samsara looked puzzled: "What do you mean?"Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Ancestor Beiming smiled and said, "Friend Samsara, do you think there is a possibility that we have overestimated Qin Feng!"

"This kid's clone really killed Patriarch Baili and others. It can't be proven that he committed suicide alone, after all, no one saw it!"

Ancestor Samsara's eyes lit up: "Yes! If he did not commit suicide by himself, but with the help of a group of subordinates, or killed by some special despicable means, it means that his avatar's strength is not enough. Reach the limit of False God!"

Ancestor Beiming smiled and said, "That's right! If his clone is not that strong, Qin Feng won't be that strong. Even, Qin Feng can kill the ancestor of the white devil, probably relying on external force and some despicable means."

"With such an analysis, this kid's strength is probably not even the threshold of the true god, and it is on the same level as the ancestor of the white devil, that is, the limit of the false god!"

Ancestor Samsara was pleasantly surprised: "Daoist friend, your analysis is too correct! To be honest, a heaven-level realm can reach the limit of False God's combat power, and this old man can barely accept it. If it can reach the threshold of true God, this old man can't believe it!"

Ancestor Beiming sneered and said, "This old man also thinks it's a fantasy! It's absolutely impossible! It's only been a few days without a person breaking through the realm. It is absolutely impossible to improve the strength from the threshold of False God's peak. To the early days of True God!"

The reincarnation ancestor nodded: "It seems that we are indeed overestimating this kid!"

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled knowingly, and they breathed a sigh of relief.

The worries in their hearts disappeared suddenly!

A kid who hasn't even reached the threshold of a true god, what else do they have to worry about?

At the moment, the two ended their voice communication.

The ancestor of Samsara raised his chin slightly and looked at Qin Feng proudly.

"Boy! We meet again!"

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, and he was too lazy to answer.

However, he felt a little funny in his heart!

Just now, the two secretly communicated through voice transmission, and they were all eavesdropped by him.

With the holy lotus of mind, his six senses are extremely powerful, and he can even eavesdrop on the sound transmission at the true **** level.

Then again, these two old monsters are hilarious!

For some reason, he always likes to belittle his strength.

This feeling made him seem familiar!

Just like on Blue Star, after the rise of Long Di, those white skins, cherry chrysanthemums, and sticks always like to belittle them with sour words, and they feel unwilling to face the facts.

Thinking about it, he can have the strength of a true **** when he is in the realm of heaven.

How could these two old monsters accept it? !

"Qin Feng, why are you the only one in your old nest and no other Long Yuan children?"

The ancestor of Beiming also opened his mouth to inquire.

Qin Feng was a little impatient.

"The two of you are here because you want to have a warm greeting with Qin? You have something to say! Let it go!"

boom!

As soon as these words fell, the two ancestors of Samsara were furious!

Old Baihe, Jinyu, Heiyi and other messengers were also shocked and angry!

This Qin Feng child is too arrogant!

How dare you speak to their master like that!

A mere heaven-level realm, dare to be so crazy? !

In fact, the old lady Baihe and others are even more jealous of Qin Feng than the reincarnation ancestor.