Especially the old lady Baihe and Heiyi!

They were once killed by the wood spirit clone once, and their weapons and storage rings were also taken away, which caused them a huge loss!

Now that we meet, it can be said that enemies meet each other, and they are particularly jealous!

Naturally, they didn't know that it was just Qin Feng's avatar!

"Little thief! You are courting death!"

"kill him!"

Boom! Boom!

Without waiting for them to think about it, the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of Beiming have already shot in anger!

The two of them slaughtered Qin Feng together!

They want to join forces to kill this arrogant boy!

Seeing this scene, the old woman Baihe and Heiyi were amazed!

Both of them are full of fiery light!

They can't wait, the two old ancestors slapped Qin Feng to death with one palm, in order to avenge their past revenge!

Jin Yu, Bai Ru and others are also excited!

This arrogant boy!

This time he is dead!

Thinking of this, their eyes are full of schadenfreude.

Boom!

In the blink of an eye, the two of Samsara came to the front!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

boom!

Ancestor Beiming punched Qin Feng with all his strength!

That punch blasted out, and the world changed color!

The huge fist lit up with dazzling golden light, like pouring gold, the momentum is connected to the sky, and it is infinitely close to the threshold of the middle stage of the true god, and its power is extremely terrifying!

"Child Qin Feng! Die!"

boom!

The reincarnation ancestor also punched Qin Feng with all his strength!

That punch was thrown, and the world trembled!

Its fist lit up with a dazzling red light, reaching the sky and the ground!

That momentum even exceeded the mid-term threshold of the True God, and its power was even more terrifying!

At that moment, the momentum of the two fists was connected, and the power covered the sky!

That joint strike has properly reached the middle stage of the true god, which is extremely amazing!

The old woman Baihe and the others were extremely excited to see it!

With these two punches, Qin Feng's child will definitely be smashed into scum!

At the same moment, Samsara and Beiming all had a hideous look on their faces, and they attacked extremely fiercely!

They also plan to use the momentum of thunder to join forces to kill Qin Feng into slag, so as not to cause unintended consequences!

In their opinion, their joint blow will definitely kill Qin Feng!

They don't believe that a heavenly boy can resist the alliance of the two true gods!

And it is still a middle stage of the true god, a power close to the middle stage of the true god.

With such powerful two true gods joining forces, even the threshold level powerhouses in the mid-term true gods would not be able to withstand their attacks!

Boom!

In the blink of an eye, two attacks are about to fall!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

boom!

He punched straight!

Directly meet the attack of the two great ancestors!

Seeing this scene, the eyes of the two great ancestors were full of ridicule!

He is indeed an arrogant and ignorant child!

How dare you confront them!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided fiercely!

Bang!

A loud bang!

It resounds through the Eight Desolations and Six Harmonies!

The sound wave of the explosion spread out at the speed of light, like a violent shock wave!

boom! boom! boom!

Wherever the sound wave passed, the sky collapsed, everything exploded and turned into dust!

The radius of 100 miles, like the end of the world, was actually smashed by the aftermath of the explosion on both sides!

In the next second, the two old ancestors all groaned, and they were blasted away at the same time, rolling over tens of thousands of feet all the way!

Qin Feng stood there, motionless!

In this round, Qin Feng has the upper hand!

The ten envoys, including the old woman Baihe, Heiyi, Jinyu, and Bairu, were immediately dumbfounded!

One by one, their eyes widened in horror and looked at Qin Feng in disbelief!

OMG!

This guy actually blew the two great ancestors away with one punch!

This... how is this possible? !

At this moment, Baihe and the others were extremely shocked!

Shocked to the point of fear!

373 After a while, the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of Beiming also stabilized their bodies.

The two also looked at Qin Feng in shock!

Although they were not injured, the shock Qin Feng brought to them was too great!

At this moment, the whole place was dead silent!

The atmosphere in the field is a little frozen!

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, looking at Samsara and others calmly.

That punch just now was just an appetizer!

He hasn't used all his strength yet!

Of course, he also knew that Old Ancestor Samsara and Old Ancestor Beiming did not use their full strength.

Judging from the situation of the fight just now, he got a lot of useful information.

That is, it is not difficult for him to defeat the reincarnation ancestor and others, but it is not easy to kill the strongest reincarnation ancestor.

It seemed that he had to figure out a way out.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the messengers such as the old lady Baihe.

When they saw Qin Feng, the old woman Baihe and the others turned pale with fright, and they all retreated in fear involuntarily.

However, Qin Feng's eyes quickly moved away from them.

These guys are the messengers of the ancestors of reincarnation, and they have been planted with the reincarnation seal.

Kill them, and the reincarnation ancestors can resurrect them infinitely!

Reincarnation Patriarch is different from Six Path Patriarch. He has already cracked the curse of Judgment God Realm, and his vocation skills can be used normally.

Therefore, if the ancestors of reincarnation do not die, these messengers can not die!

Therefore, if he wants to break the game, he can only kill the ancestor of Beiming first.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the ancestor of Beiming.

The strength of this Beiming ancestor is still one line away from the middle stage of the true god, and his strength is weaker than that of the reincarnation ancestor.

It would be much easier for him to destroy the ancestor of Beiming first, and then deal with the ancestor of reincarnation with the power of thunder.

However, with his current strength, it seems unlikely that he wants to kill the ancestor of Beiming in a very short period of time, even if he burst out with all his strength.

Unless, he can improve some strength!

This idea just came up!

Heaven sent a reminder

[Your Ice Spirit clone is merging with the land deed card (the residence of the Firescale tribe)]

【Fusion is successful! Congratulations, you have acquired a new site, the number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 300]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the Fourth Division, the Firescale Clan has been wiped out, and the number of Green Camp forces has dropped to: 23]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

The number of sites has finally reached 300!

The feedback of 100,000-star combat power can be unlocked immediately!

Here's his chance to improve his combat power

Chapter 616 Continuous improvement! Good luck!

Qin Feng only thought of this, and Tiandao sent a reminder

[Detected, your site has reached 300]

[Your 100,000-star combat power feeds back, unlocked successfully! Start feeding back now]

Boom!

The sky suddenly shook!

The next second, one after another, incomparably dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body

[Reminder: Your servant Liu Xuan's combat power exceeds 100,000 stars, and you get 500 star combat power back]

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan's combat power exceeds 100,000 stars, and the 500-star combat power feeds back]

Suddenly, Qin Feng's whole body was shrouded in the white light that fed back, like a white light man!

And his momentum is also skyrocketing wildly all the way!

This scene made the ancestors of reincarnation and others stunned!

what happened? !

How this kid's momentum has been improving!

Could it be that he is using secret techniques to improve his combat power?Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

No way!

He didn't use all his strength in that punch just now? !

With this thought, the reincarnation ancestor and others woke up.