Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Immediately, the reincarnation ancestor shouted urgently: "Fellow Daoist Beiming, this kid is not easy to deal with! We have to do our best! We must not let go!"

"Exactly!"

As soon as the voice fell, the ancestor of Beiming summoned three artifacts.

The first is a silver armor, exuding eleven brilliance, that is a low-grade artifact.

The second piece is silver boots, the workmanship is extremely delicate, the sun, moon and stars are engraved on it, and there are seven divine patterns, which emit twelve brilliance. It is actually a mid-grade artifact!

The third piece is a silver long spear, which also emits twelve rays of brilliance, and is actually a mid-grade artifact.

When the ancestor of Beiming made a move, he was a low-grade artifact and two middle-grade artifacts, and his net worth was extremely rich!

This guy is like a moving treasure trove!

If Qin Feng can kill him, it will make a lot of money!

click! click! click!

As soon as the divine weapon was summoned, the ancestor of Beiming quickly put on divine armor and divine boots, and grabbed the divine spear!

hum! hum! hum!

In the next second, those three artifacts burst into dazzling light!

The ancestor of Beiming launched the unity of human and machine!

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed!

At the same moment, the reincarnation ancestor held a seal

The ten envoys, including the old woman Baihe, Heiyi, Jinyu, etc., sat cross-legged one after another.

Afterwards, the reincarnation ancestor launched the sacrifice of combat power.

call out! call out! call out!

A white light flew out from the messengers such as the old woman Baihe, Heiyi, Jinyu, etc., and poured into the body of the reincarnation ancestor.

The next second, the momentum of the reincarnation ancestor, soared wildly all the way!

At the same time, Qin Feng's momentum was also increasing wildly.

At this moment, the three of them are improving their combat power!

However, what Qin Feng has improved is the basic combat power, which is a permanent improvement.

The promotion of the ancestors of Beiming and the ancestors of reincarnation was achieved with the help of external forces, but only temporarily!

What's even better is that Qin Feng's combat power has been greatly improved.

Every subordinate who breaks 100,000 stars can give him 500 stars back!

And after he became the Son of Destiny, the upper limit of the number of feeds back increased from 3,000 to 4,000!

Boom!

It didn't take long for 4,000 people to feed back, all completed!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

This time, his basic combat power has skyrocketed by 2 million stars, and his comprehensive strength has improved a lot!

Boom!

Before Qin Feng could finish being happy, he suddenly churned with qi and blood, his body roared constantly, and the momentum of his whole body skyrocketed again!

At the same moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded.

[Refining the blood of the Black Dragon God (low-grade god-level) succeeded! Your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, and your basic combat power has increased by 174,000 stars]

[Refining the blood of the Black Dragon God (low-grade god-level) succeeded! Your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, and your basic combat power has increased by 176,000 stars]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

These two drops of divine blood were refined at the right time!

Now is the time for him to improve his strength!

Because his next step is to use thunder to destroy the ancestor of Beiming, so he needs to increase enough combat power!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Congratulations on refining the Ancestral Talisman of the Wind (primary), the Ancestral Talisman of the Wind will automatically recognize you as the master]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up again, secretly thinking that he is indeed the son of destiny!

When a good thing comes, it is one after another, and it is impossible to stop it!

This is the power of illusory luck!

call out!

In the next second, a white light flashed in front of him!

A cyan-colored talisman appeared out of thin air, and it was the ancestral talisman of the wind.

Immediately afterwards, the Ancestral Talisman turned into a azure light, flew into his eyebrows, and disappeared.

Qin Feng suddenly felt a tingling between his brows.

A strange mental fluctuation came from between the eyebrows and was directly linked to his soul body.

Qin Feng closed his eyes involuntarily, feeling the fusion of the ancestral symbols

After a while, Tiandao sent a reminder

[Integration of the Ancestral Talisman of the Primary Wind (Middle Grade Divine Rank) succeeded! Congratulations on your A-level law of wind, you are automatically promoted to S-level extreme wind law! 】

[Integration of the Ancestral Talisman of the Primary Wind (Middle Grade Divine Rank) succeeded! Congratulations on your automatic awakening of the middle-grade god-level skill - Huahong Escape Technique! 】

[Integration of the Ancestral Talisman of the Primary Wind (Middle Grade Divine Rank) succeeded! Congratulations, you have permanently obtained the 450,000-star combat power feedback]

Boom!

In the sea of ​​​​knowledge, there was another earth-shattering movement, and the roar continued!

The ancestral talisman of the wind hidden in Qin Feng's soul released monstrous divine power and poured into his body crazily.

In the next second, Qin Feng's combat power and momentum skyrocketed wildly again!

After a while, he skyrocketed his 450,000-star basic combat power!

After a while, all the visions disappeared!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

At this moment, his strength has soared, and his temperament has become more noble and extraordinary!

call out! call out!

Immediately afterwards, white light flashed in front of him, and the two fission manifested themselves, and actively merged into his body.

At this moment, Qin Feng is close to complete state, and the basic combat power has suddenly reached 26 million stars.

In fact, his basic combat power can reach 26.3 million stars.

Because he also has a fission body, hidden in the zero-degree space, and has other magical uses.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng's air-splitting armor, Zhu Xing sword, Tian Chu Shen ring, and Tian Xing Shenyi appeared one after another.

hum! hum! hum!

Another quake!

Human-machine in one!

Done in an instant!

Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power suddenly reached 28.1 million stars!

However, all this is not enough!

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked towards the third, fourth and fifth divisions.

His Wood Spirit clone and Ice Spirit clone haven't finished storing the sites in the third and fourth divisions!

The phantom avatar hasn't killed the ancestor Wu Xiang!

Jumang, Fengxi, and Xiaoluan'er didn't finish destroying the Wuxiang Nine Clan!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

In short, his three avatars, Jumang, Fengxi, and Xiaoluan'er are not ready yet!

He wants to complete Thunder Clap, but he still lacks a little time!

Just give him three avatars and Jumang, Fengxi, and Xiaoluan a little more time, it will be enough.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked towards the opposite side!

I saw that the ancestor of Beiming had completed the integration of human and machine, and the combat power had skyrocketed to 20 million stars, just reaching the threshold of the mid-term true god.

At this moment, he is looking at Qin Feng proudly.

As soon as this strength skyrocketed, Beiming's ancestors had enough confidence!

Looking at the other side, the ancestor of reincarnation has completed the sacrifice of combat power, with a low-grade artifact on his body and a middle-grade sword in his hand.

Its combat power and momentum suddenly reached about 28.5 million stars, which is more than one step stronger than Beiming's ancestors, and also one step higher than Qin Feng!

Of course, this is the result of the sacrifice of ten messengers. Without the sacrifices of those messengers, the battle power of the reincarnation ancestor would have been reduced by more than 5 million stars.

That's the huge benefit of having a messenger!

"Hey! Fellow Daoist Samsara! Your aura is really strong! It seems to be much stronger than that kid!"

At this time, the ancestor of Beiming could see at a glance that the battle power of the ancestor of Samsara surpassed that of Qin Feng!

His eyes suddenly lit up, and he was pleasantly surprised!

The reincarnation ancestor is so powerful, then this time it is hoped that Qin Feng's child will be killed!

"Haha! Fellow Daoist Beiming, this is all the help of this old man's messenger. Without the help of these ten people, this old man would never have improved like this!"

The reincarnation ancestor stroked his beard and smiled, his tone was very proud!

"It's incredible! It's incredible! It's a really good trick!"

The ancestor of Beiming was full of emotion, and his tone was full of envy!

Hearing this, the smug look in the eyes of the ancestors of Samsara became even stronger.

He is a vocation skill!

That's not something everyone can have, it's useless to envy!

Thinking of this, he looked at Qin Feng again, and a smug smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.

Because he sensed that Qin Feng's combat power was not as strong as his own.

This time, he and Beiming ancestors should have a chance to kill Qin Feng!

Thinking of this, he smiled and said, "Fellow Daoist Beiming, you and I will take another shot!"

Ancestor Beiming said with a smile: "Okay! Let's let this Qin Feng child see our true strength!"

The reincarnation ancestor said to himself: "This time, we will definitely make him unforgettable! Do it!"

boom! boom!

As soon as these words fell, the two rushed towards Qin Feng at the same time!

Boom!

The movement of the two people suddenly shocked the sky, and the Eight Desolations roared!

The monstrous weather, covering the sky and the sun, was extremely terrifying!

The old woman Baihe, Heiyi, Jinyu and others were all surprised when they saw this scene!

Great!

This time, the master and the ancestor of Beiming joined forces, and the momentum is more than twice as strong as before!

With Qin Feng's previous performance, it is absolutely impossible to resist their teaming up!

This time, Qin Feng is going to be unlucky!