Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, the messengers were excited.

Especially the old lady Baihe and Heiyi, they desperately want to see Qin Feng killed to relieve their hatred!

In the blink of an eye, the two of Samsara came to the front again!

"Little thief! Die!"

boom!

The ancestor of Beiming shot with all his strength and shot Qin Feng directly!

The tip of the spear lit up with a dazzling cold light, illuminating the sky and the earth, making everything impossible to open the eyes!

click! click! click!

The power of one shot is even more devastating!

Where the gun wind passed, the surrounding void was like paper paste, easily torn and shattered, and crumbled to ashes!

Swish!

At the same moment, the reincarnation ancestor also slashed with a sword!

With that sword light, the world trembled!

With a sword in the sky, it is like severing the world!

Wherever the sword wind passed, the vast void was cut open, leaving a clear void in the air!

At this moment, one shot and one sword, the momentum is connected!

Heavenly might, covering the sky and the sun!

The power of the joint strike is extremely terrifying, and it is infinitely close to the upper limit of the attack in the mid-term of the True God!

Such a terrifying attack, even if it is the mid-term power of the True God, few people can catch it!

The old woman Baihe and the others were both excited and nervous when they saw it, they couldn't help but hold their breath!

In their opinion, Qin Feng must be unlucky this time!

Because his fighting power is not as good as that of the master, let alone the master and the ancestor of Beiming joined forces.

This time together, Qin Feng will be hit hard even if he doesn't die!

At the same moment, both Samsara and Beiming's faces showed hideous expressions of pride!

They don't believe it, this time together, Qin Feng Xiaoer can block it!

You must know that the battle power of the reincarnation ancestor is obviously stronger than this child!

What's more, the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of Beiming help!

The face that was lost by being blasted away just now, they will definitely get it back this time!

boom! boom!

Two sky-piercing attacks fell!

That attack momentum, destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

Swish!

It was at this moment that Qin Feng made his move!

The Sword of Xing Zhu flashed!

Ten thousand feet of sword light soared into the sky!

The sword was swung away, and beyond the light of the sword, the illusion of the sun, moon, and stars appeared, as if a sword opened the sky, and everything came into being!

hum! hum! hum!

The next second, the sword body clears!

SS-level Primordial Law, S-level Killing Law, Destruction Law, Blood Law, Extreme Wind Law

One after another mighty power of law!

They are superimposed on the sword body, making it lit up with a dazzling white light, as if the sun penetrates the sky, brightening the world!

hum!

In the end, another invisible force of luck was also poured into the sword body, making the brightness of the sword light increase by three points!

The power of that sword has also skyrocketed invisibly!

Looking closely, the power of that sword seems to have not increased!

But Qin Feng vaguely felt that the power of that sword had greatly increased, but he couldn't tell the difference!

That kind of feeling is extremely mysterious and indistinguishable!

This strange scene shocked Qin Feng in his heart!

Is that the blessing of luck? !

It was the first time he noticed the influence of the power of luck on the attack!

For this point, the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of Beiming did not feel the slightest!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Maybe Qin Feng is the son of destiny, and only by adhering to the atmosphere can he sense the power of the illusory atmosphere!

In the blink of an eye, both sides attacked with all their strength!

when! when!

Two golden and iron symphony!

The sound is like the sky is falling apart!

Blast through the world!

In the next second, a huge explosion sound wave spread out all around!

boom! boom! boom!

Wherever the sound wave passed, everything shattered, as if the sky was falling apart!

In just an instant, hundreds of miles in radius were swept away by the shock wave of the explosion!

The ten messengers, including the old Baihe, Heiyi, Jinyu, etc., were shocked by the aftermath, and the scene was extremely terrifying!

This time, the power is several times stronger than before!

It's terrifying!

In the next second, the two old ancestors all groaned, and they were blasted away again, rolling over a hundred thousand feet all the way, and flew farther than the last time!

On the other hand, Qin Feng is still standing there, motionless!

This time, the old woman Baihe and others were completely dumbfounded!

Even Old Ancestor Samsara and Old Ancestor Beiming were completely stunned!

They are clearly stronger!

How could Qin Feng have the upper hand and blow them away with a sword!

It shouldn't be!

This is totally unreasonable!

After a while, the two people in Samsara stabilized their bodies.

Neither of them were injured, but they were hit hard inside!

Obviously their momentum is stronger, but they have fallen behind!

This gave them an inexplicable sense of powerlessness!

The confidence from before is gone!

Naturally, they didn't know that Qin Feng realized the power of many top laws, and also mastered the power of unpredictable luck.

With the same combat power, he crushes everything!

Even if the combat power is higher than him, he can still overwhelm him!

After a long time, the two people in Samsara recovered.

The two looked at each other involuntarily.

After a while, the ancestor of Beiming took a deep breath: "Fellow Daoist, it seems that we underestimated this kid! This guy is extremely weird!"

"yes!"

The reincarnation ancestor also took a deep breath.

Then, he looked at Qin Feng with a gloomy face.

"It seems that the old man is going to use a trick! Otherwise, I really can't deal with this kid!"

The tone of the reincarnation ancestor was a little unwilling.

His trick was originally intended to deal with the old ancestors of the years.

Unexpectedly, now it will be used on Qin Feng first.

It's really that Qin Feng's strength is too strong, far beyond his expectations, and completely disrupted his plan!

Boom!

But at this moment, the sky suddenly shook!

An announcement of Heavenly Dao resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm!

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', who killed the hider Wu Xiang's ancestor (Void God Limit), got +4 gold points. 】

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, it once again shocked the entire Blue Star Realm!

It also shocked the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of Beiming!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise!

The Mirage clone finally killed the ancestor Wu Xiang, and he can free up his hands.

Next, he can break the game and fight back

PS: It's the beginning of the month, and the little author has the cheek to ask you for a monthly ticket, thank you very much!

Chapter 617 Dragon Road Merge! Come home full!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but look in the direction of the fifth division

At this moment, in the fifth competition area, the Wuzhuangguan station is in the sky.

The Mirage clone looked at the corpse of the ancestor Wu Xiang with joy.

I saw a storage ring and a low-grade divine armor suspended on the corpse.

The vision of the phantom avatar fell on the inferior **** armor

[Soul Shaman Armor: Low Grade Artifact]

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level Soul Dao Law and the S-level Extreme Yin Law before you can control and refine this armor. 】

Seeing this, Mirage clone smiled.

These two kinds of talents are mastered by the body, so this armor can be easily refined.

Having said that, artifacts are rare, and divine armor is even rarer!

Today, Qin Feng is still wearing a ninth-order top-quality battle armor!

The Mirage clone got this Soul Shaman Armor, and could update Qin Feng with another piece of equipment.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone was in a good mood, and put away the Soul Shaman Armor and Storage Ring with a wave of his hand.

Then, he began to go forward to extract the body

【Endless extraction success! Your body has acquired 10,000 strength attributes]

【Endless extraction success! Your ontology has acquired 10,000 points of agility attributes]