Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

【Endless extraction success! Your body has acquired 10,000 physical attributes]

Got another 30,000 attribute points!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

This is a very nice gain!

After this extraction, the phantom avatar released a divine flame, turning the corpse of the ancestor Wu Xiang into ashes.

After doing this, he looked up at the battlefield again.

I saw that under the cooperation of Longyuan City and Wuzhuangguan, only 200,000 people were killed by the disciples of the Wuxiang Nine Clan.

As soon as he dodged, he slaughtered at those remnant soldiers!

With the addition of the phantom avatar, the disciples of the Wuxiang Nine Clan were killed and injured even more quickly!

The shrill screams came one after another!

One corpse after another rolled down from the air!

In less than three minutes, the army of Wuxiang Nine Clan was beheaded!

The Mirage clone has harvested a lot of attribute points again, making him feel good again!

At this point, the battle is completely over!

At this moment, there are corpses all over the field.

The air is filled with a strong smell of blood!

The children of Longyuan and Wuzhuangguan had smiles all over their faces.

After this battle, they all gained a lot of money.

Especially those disciples of Wuzhuang Temple, all of them were overjoyed!

They never imagined that they could have such a huge harvest.

Speaking of which, Qin Feng must be thanked for all this!

If the city lord Qin Feng sent clones to rescue them, not to mention the harvest, even the entire Wuzhuang Temple would be destroyed.

Thinking of this, the audience of Wuzhuang looked at the Mirage clone one after another, all of them showing gratitude.

Qingchengzi took the initiative to fly to the Mirage clone.

Up to now, they don't need an introduction to know that Mirage is Qin Feng's avatar.

The previous Heavenly Dao reminder, everyone can hear clearly.

The avatar of Qin Feng's city lord beheaded the ancestor Wu Xiang.

The identity of the mirage is self-evident.

After a while, Qingchengzi came closer.

"Pindao has seen Qin Feng City Lord!"

Qingchengzi bowed his hands in a salute, and his tone was very polite.

He knows very well that the avatar and the main body are different and concentric.

Seeing Mirage means seeing Qin Feng.

"Thank you Qin Feng City Lord for saving me Wuzhuangguan from water and fire. Today, if you didn't come, my Wuzhuangguan would have been destroyed in one fell swoop!"

Qingchengzi's tone was full of gratitude.

The phantom avatar smiled slightly: "Master Qingguan is polite! You Wuzhuangguan chose to stand on our side of Longyuan City under such a bad situation. I should come to rescue this heavy compatriot. Fortunately, I wasn't late!"

Having said this, the Mirage clone also breathed a sigh of relief.

If he came late and caused Wuzhuangguan to be severely damaged, Qin Feng would inevitably blame himself.

Qingchengzi smiled and said: "Fortunately, God blesses me Wuzhuangguan! Of course, if I don't have a peerless character like the Qin City Lord, even if I have the protection of heaven, I can't escape bad luck! Fortunately, we still have a peerless person like you!"

"Speaking of which, City Lord Qin can kill the ultimate power of False God with just one clone. Pindao is really admired!"

Speaking of this, Qingchengzi was full of emotion, and his tone was full of infinite admiration!

If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he would never have believed it!

Up to now, Qin Feng is an unfathomable master in his heart!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, the figures flashed again and again, and senior officials such as Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, and Liu Xuan rushed over.

Wang Keng and other high-level executives from Wuzhuangguan also rushed over.

When the two forces meet, they naturally want to get to know each other!

"Master, the nine tribes of Wuxiang have been wiped out! What should we do next?"

Feng Xi took the initiative to ask for instructions.

Seeing Feng Xi, Jumang, and Xiao Luan'er, Qingchengzi was once again amazed.

In the battle just now, he had already noticed that all three of them were stronger than him!

Especially Jumang, she only looks like a three- or four-year-old cute baby.

Who would have imagined that he actually had the strength of the middle stage of the False God!

This Longyuan City is really hidden dragons and crouching tigers, their five villages are far inferior!

Not to mention these three people, just say the mother-in-law Feng Qi, the elder Qishan, and Liu Xuan behind Feng Xi.

If he didn't have the original help from "Book of Changes", he wouldn't be much stronger than these three!

Qingchengzi was still a little arrogant at first, but after seeing the strength of Longyuancheng, he was truly convinced.

At this time, Wang Keng and other senior officials of Wuzhuangguan also arrived.

After they saw the high level of Longyuan City, they were all ashamed.

When they saw the Mirage clone, they were even more in awe and didn't dare to say anything.

"Dad, I have gained a lot this time! Are we going to clean up the battlefield now?"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice sounded in the field.

At this moment, she and Jumang are both happy.

The two little guys looked excited.

The Mirage clone took a deep breath and looked up at the second division.

"Feng Xi, Luan'er, Xiaoju, follow me back to the second division! Let Qing Guanzhu and Liu Xuan leave the matter of cleaning up the battlefield!"

Feng Xi was surprised: "Master, is the reincarnation ancestor here?"

The phantom avatar nodded slightly: "Exactly! He's not the only one! This time another Beiming ancestor has come, and his comprehensive strength has reached the threshold of the mid-term true god!"

"what?!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's expressions changed!

True God mid-term threshold!

This is too scary!

Afterwards, Feng Xi asked again, "By the way, Master, what kind of strength is that Reincarnation Patriarch?"

"The middle stage of the true god! Much stronger than the ancestor of Beiming!"

boom!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was shocked again!

OMG!

The reincarnation ancestor is so strong!

This is much stronger than they expected!

correct!

Having said that, the boss is not alone, he is facing the two middle stage powerhouses of true gods!

At this thought, Liu Xuan and other high-level executives suddenly felt bad.

Feng Xi and Xiao Luan'er were even more anxious.

"Dad, let's go back now!"

Xiaojumang said anxiously.

Even this little guy is worried about Qin Feng's accident.

"Master Qing Guan, the matter is urgent! I won't delay any further. If you have any questions, you can talk to Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan!"

Qingchengzi was terrified: "City Lord Qin, if you have something important to do, hurry up and deal with it! Poor Daoist doesn't dare to delay your business!"

"Then say goodbye!"

As soon as the voice fell, Huan Mirage and Feng Xi turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Seeing the Mirage clone leave, Qingchengzi felt emotional.

Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi and other senior officials of Long Yuan muttered uncomfortably.

"My God! Mother-in-law, the enemy is too strong this time! There are two mid-term true gods at one time! Do you think there is something wrong with the boss?"

Liu Xuan asked anxiously.

Granny Feng Qi took a deep breath: "The two middle-stage powerhouses of the two true gods! This strength is too terrifying! From the point of view of the old man, it is very good for the master to be invincible. As for defeating them, it will be difficult. !"

Granny Feng Qi's tone was also full of worry.

At this time, Qingchengzi said: "Don't worry, you two! Pindao has taken a hexagram before. After my Wuzhuangguan encounters the Qin City Lord, I will walk steadily. From the analysis of this hexagram, the Qin City Lord must be auspicious destiny. Seriously!"

"I hope! However, I always have some worries in my heart!"

Liu Xuan muttered, but did not take Qingchengzi's divination seriously.

After all, he never believed that.

Boom!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the third division, the Ice Wall Clan has been wiped out, and the number of Blue Camp forces has dropped to 20]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the fourth division, the Tuyuan family has been destroyed, and the number of green camp forces has dropped to: 20]

Hearing the prompt, Liu Xuan and the others' eyes lit up, secretly thinking about the two avatars of the boss, and finally included all the power sites in the third and fourth divisions into Longyuan City.

In this way, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone can free up their hands and help the boss.

At this thought, Liu Xuan and others were slightly relieved.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again

[Longyuan Announcement: It was detected that Longyuan City has 307 sites, reaching the promotion standard of more than 300 sites. 】

[Reminder: When Longyuan rises to level 11, the number of lords must reach 15. 】

[Currently, Long Yuan has 10 lords, and he is still 5 away! 】

boom!

As soon as the announcement came out, Long Yuan cheered!

"Haha! Everyone, we Longyuan will be promoted to level 11 city!"

"There are only 5 titles left! As long as the boss is free, the upgrade can be completed immediately!"

"Yeah! This time, our strength will skyrocket again. By the way, the upgrade of our Long Yuan will also greatly help the boss's strength."

"Of course! Next, it depends on when the boss is free to deal with it."

"Yeah! There is no shortage of noble cards for the boss. There is one for sale in the professional hall. Now that the boss is fighting against the enemy, the only thing he lacks is time!"

As soon as these words fell, Long Yuan was filled with emotion.

At this moment, they are looking forward to it and worrying at the same time.

The disciples of Wuzhuangguan also understood, and they were all envious!