Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Oh my God!

This Longyuan City is really amazing!

They are going to be promoted to level 11 cities.

I think their Wuzhuangguan has worked hard to develop, and now it is only a 6th-level town.

This gap is simply a sky and an underground!

Thinking of this, Qingchengzi swallowed enviously.

Afterwards, he asked curiously, "Everyone, your Longyuan is going to be promoted to City 11?"Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Hearing this, Liu Xuan smiled proudly: "Yes! We already have the conditions to upgrade to level 11. As long as our boss spends a little time, we can upgrade."

Qingchengzi sighed with emotion: "You Longyuan City are unusual! No wonder it is so strong!"

At this moment, the envy in Qingchengzi's tone was undisguised.

Liu Xuan's heart moved, and he quickly looked at him.

"Master Qingguan, the Longbi people don't lie to the Longbi people! If you want me to see, you might as well incorporate Wuzhuangguan into our Longyuan City! In this way, our Longyuan City will be upgraded to the 11th level city, and you will be able to simultaneously obtain Promotion rewards! At that time, you will also be able to increase your strength!"

As soon as these words fell, Wuzhuangguan's eyes lit up.

That Wang Keng was even more moved.

He hurriedly whispered in Qingchengzi's ear.

"Master, this method sounds good!"

In fact, Qingchengzi was also moved.

Immediately, he asked, "Is this method really possible?"

Liu Xuan smiled and said: "Of course! I see that you have a lot of people in the five villages, and you should have accepted a lot of people in the middle. You should also know that those people admitted in the middle can enjoy the same authority as the original townspeople. "

"For example, you join us now. Then you will get the right to upgrade to level 11 wooden house. Just one upgrade of this wooden house can improve your strength a lot!"

boom!

As soon as these words fell, Wuzhuangguan was in an uproar!

Oh my God!

Level 11 cabin!

The effect that it brings is absolutely powerful!

Qingchengzi was even more moved.

He originally established his power, just want to recruit more talented apprentices, so as to pass on his Taoism, and he did not have much intention to become bigger and stronger.

If he took refuge in Longyuan City, it would make him and his disciples stronger, and he was very willing.

At the moment, he took a deep breath and said: "Little brother, if you say so, Pindao is very willing to merge Wuzhuangguan into Longyuan City. But this matter needs the consent of the Qin City Lord! He is now facing a great enemy, only I'm afraid I don't have time to deal with such trivial matters!"

Liu Xuan smiled and said, "Actually, we don't need the boss of my family to do this, and we can do it well. Me, Grandma Fengqi, and Elder Qishan are all lords of Longyuan City, and they also have the authority to recruit new people."

"If you are willing to join Longyuan City, the three of us can add you in!"

Qingchengzi was overjoyed: "Haha! That's great! Then trouble the three of you to help our Wuzhuangguan disciples and join Longyuan City!"

As soon as these words fell, Wuzhuangguan cheered!

They are very eager to merge into Longyuan City!

If you can become stronger, who doesn't want to?

Long Yuan is also happy up and down!

Long Yuan's promotion in the future will definitely have population requirements.

Incorporating Wuzhuangguan into Longyuan City will definitely be of great benefit to future upgrades.

At the moment, Liu Xuan and others stopped talking and started the recruitment work.

At the same time, the second division, the floating city.

Qin Feng confronted the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of years.

The atmosphere in the field was somewhat frozen.

It was at this moment that the reincarnation ancestor pinched the seal and started to activate one of the trump cards.

"The master is finally about to launch a trick!"

"Yeah! As long as the master makes a trick, he can definitely turn the tables!"

As soon as they saw the reincarnation ancestor's seal gesture, Jin Yu and the others understood something, and whispered each and every one of them, and their tone was a little excited.

The old ancestor of the years was surprised when he heard it, and he couldn't help but look at the ancestor of reincarnation.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also heard it.

His expression also became serious.

For the reincarnation ancestor, he dare not underestimate!

This guy is the Supreme Judge of the past, and his methods are far stronger than those of the same level.

What's more, this guy's combat power has reached 28.5 million stars, which is extremely terrifying.

And his current combat power is only 28.1 million stars, which is one step lower than him.

(Thanks to the book friends for the reminder, the combat power of the previous chapter was missed. The basic combat power of the protagonist is less, and the data correction is back.)

Of course, Reincarnation Ancestor has such terrifying combat power because ten messengers sacrificed more than 5 million star combat power.

However, Qin Feng also has the power to sacrifice.

At this time, it is not his strongest state!

Now, Jumang, Fengxi, and Xiaoluan'er have returned.

They are in the zero-dimensional space, making the final preparations!

Qin Feng's thunderous counterattack is about to begin.

Thinking of this, he had some expectations in his heart...

However, all this has to wait for Feng Xi and others to prepare.

At this moment, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation, there are eight figures.

The Wood Spirit clone, the Ice Spirit clone, the Mirage clone, Qiyue, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Jumang were all present.

The last figure is Qin Feng's hidden fission.

The fission body is a part of Qin Feng, and it is also equivalent to the body.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er looked at the fission body with concern.

"Dad, how is the situation outside? Are you going to fight with the ancestor of Samsara?"

Xiao Luan asked anxiously.

The fission body nodded: "I'm going to fight soon! You three don't waste time, and quickly add the attribute points of this harvest. When your strength is improved, I will launch a battle sacrifice and launch a thunderous counterattack against them!"

"right!"

Xiao Luan'er reacted immediately.

Afterwards, she quickly opened the panel and began to add some points to improve her strength.

Seeing this, Feng Xi and Jumang also opened the panel and started adding points.

Seeing this scene, the fission body breathed a sigh of relief.

It turned out that Qin Feng did not directly summon them to the outside world.

Instead, the fission body in the zero-degree space directly summoned the three clones and Xiao Luan'er and others back.

In this way, the reincarnation ancestor and others will not notice.

Qin Feng did this to let the ancestors of reincarnation and others relax their guard.

However, it was said that the three of Xiao Luan'er turned on the plus point.

The fission body also opened the panel to see the harvest of the phantom clone.

[Free attribute]: 140 million

[Golden Points]: 13 points

[Reputation]: 8700 points.

good! good!

This time, the Mirage clone actually harvested 140 million attributes, more than the Wood Spirit clone and the Ice Spirit clone.

Of course, the main reason is that the ancestor Wu Xiang is the ultimate power of the False God, and he provides more attributes.

This makes Qin Feng very satisfied!

At the moment, the fission body no longer delays, and starts to add points

PS: Every day I write and think, my hair is getting less and less, can I still find a wife in the future? I'm so worried!

If there are any mistakes or omissions in the data in the future, you are welcome to remind me, I will correct them in time, thank you very much!

In addition, it's the beginning of the month, and the little author has the audacity to ask everyone for a monthly pass, thank you very much!

Chapter 618: Six Prisons Reappear! God's limit!

In this way, Xiao Luan'er, Feng Xi, Jumang, and Qin Feng's fission variants are all adding points quickly.

The three clones of Mirage, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit are silently ready for battle, waiting for Qin Feng to call at any time.

At the same time, above the floating city.

Qin Feng looked at the reincarnation ancestor in front of him with a serious face.

The ancestor of Beiming also looked at the ancestor of reincarnation curiously.

Before, Jin Yu and others were muttering, saying that the reincarnation ancestor was going to make more moves.

He was also curious about what means the reincarnation ancestor would use.

hum! hum! hum!

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor's whole body was full of aura, and the illusion of the hexagonal world appeared continuously behind him.

One world is like a fairyland.

One world is like hell.

One world is like a sea of ​​blood.

One side of the world is like a ghost.

One world is like a human world.

One side of the world is like a beast forest.

That is the realm of heaven, hell, cultivation, hungry ghosts, human, animal, etc., the six great worlds!

At this moment, the ancestor of reincarnation inspired the SSS-level six-path reincarnation talent, and displayed the innate skill - six prisons to control the sky!

[Six Prisons Suppressing Heaven: A vocation skill, you need to awaken the SSS-level 'Six Paths of Reincarnation' talent before you can master it]

Every time a phantom of **** is activated, the attack power can be increased by 30%.

In this way, with the six heavenly prison illusions, the attack power can be increased by 1.8 times.

Although Six Prison Zhentian is extremely strong, it is only strong in attack, and has no blessings in defense, speed, etc.

However, it also has a fatal flaw, that is, it can only be used for 10 minutes.

Once the time limit is up, it must be cooled down for 1 hour before it can be used for the second time.

Because of this, the reincarnation ancestor didn't use it easily.

He originally planned to use this trump card on the ancestors of the years.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng was too powerful, forcing him to use his hole cards in advance!