Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Exercise it! The master has exercised it!"

"That kid is going to be unlucky!"

At this moment, Jinyu and the others looked at the six-jail illusion, and their old faces flushed with excitement.

Ancestor Beiming was also silent.

He vaguely felt that this skill seemed to be extremely extraordinary.

At the same moment, Qin Feng watched this scene and couldn't help but take a deep breath!

Knew it!

The reincarnation ancestor used this vocation skill!

Back then, when the Sixth Dao Ancestor used this skill, it caused a huge threat to him!

You must know that the Six Prisons of the Six Dao Patriarchs have been cursed by the Judgment God Realm, and their power has dropped greatly!

And the six prisons of the reincarnation ancestor, without the influence of the curse, have more than doubled the power!

This shows that the next situation is not easy to deal with!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

However, as long as he can last for ten minutes and let the reincarnation ancestor's Six Prison Suppression reach the time limit, his chance will come.

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor looked at Qin Feng.

At this moment, Old Ancestor Samsara's face was full of arrogance and confidence!

"Boy! Within three minutes, this old man will kill you!"

boom!

As soon as the voice fell, the ancestor of reincarnation came to Qin Feng to kill!

Boom!

His move was a shocking move!

With a radius of 100 miles, the heaven and the earth are shaking, and the momentum is amazing!

"Master is out!"

Jinyu and others are very excited!

They are full of confidence in this move of the reincarnation ancestor.

That old woman Baihe and Heiyi were even more fiery!

In their opinion, the master said that Qin Feng would be destroyed within three minutes, and he could definitely do it within three minutes.

Their previous revenge for being killed is about to be avenged!

Boom!

In the blink of an eye, the ancestor of reincarnation was killed!

"Little thief! Die!"

The reincarnation ancestor slashed the sky with a sword!

Swish!

That sword lit up the sky with golden light, one after another!

click! click! click!

Wherever the sword light passes, the sun and the moon fall, and the stars disappear!

It was as if a sword annihilated the world and killed hundreds of millions of people!

When the sword wind passes, the void collapses!

Even the laws of the Great Dao are disturbed!

Its attack power suddenly surpassed the peak level of the true god, reaching the limit of the true god!

This scene shocked the ancestor of Beiming!

Oh my God!

So strong!

The attack power of that sword actually reached the full blow of the true God's limit!

God's limit!

That is the existence that can kill the initial stage of True God!

It is also an invincible existence that can hit the middle stage of True God with one move!

Facing the limit of the true god, the ancestors of Beiming only had a heart of awe, and did not dare to violate the slightest!

He did not expect that the reincarnation ancestor had such a means in terms of attack power!

At this moment, the ancestor of Beiming looked at the back of the ancestor of Samsara, and he was a little scared!

No wonder this guy dared to invite himself to participate, he wanted to have the means to restrain himself!

Fortunately, along the way, the two signed a cooperation contract, so there is no need to worry about being used!

With this thought, the ancestor of Beiming became excited again!

The reincarnation ancestor is so strong, then Qin Feng's child is dead!

Also excited about it, there are ten envoys including the old lady Baihe!

click! click! click!

That sword has not come yet!

The aura of destroying the sky and destroying the earth has covered the sky and the sun, pouring down from the sky!

The power of the invisible sword, actually oppressed the void and shattered every inch!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was horrified!

Such a terrifying sword, he couldn't catch it at all!

Swish!

The sword of Shantiantian has fallen!

The eyes of the ancestors of reincarnation are full of hideousness!

He is confident that this sword will hit him, and Qin Feng will have to be hit hard even if he doesn't die!

The old woman Baihe and the others were so excited that their faces turned red!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

call out!

White light flashes!

Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air!

Click!

The reincarnation ancestor suddenly slashed into the air with a sword!

Straight ahead, the void collapsed, and a huge space black hole was cut out!

And Qin Feng appeared strangely behind him, unscathed!

This scene made the old lady Baihe and others stunned!

Ancestor Beiming was also stunned for a moment!

"Damn!"

The next second, the earth-shattering roar of the reincarnation ancestor sounded in the field!

damn it!

This kid actually controls the laws of space!

In this way, it is very detrimental to his actions!

Although his attack is incomparable, but if he can't attack the target, it's all in vain!

What's more terrible is that his state of 'six prisons to control the sky' can only last for ten minutes.

He must fight fast!

"Little thief! You have to run away again!"

Swish!

The reincarnation ancestor looks back is a sword!

call out! call out! call out!

That sword slashed, like Jianyu Waterfall, which erupted instantly!

When I saw that sword, thousands of sword lights erupted in an instant, covering the sky, sweeping across all directions, making it unavoidable!

This is precisely the group attack skill of the ancestors of reincarnation - Da Waterfall Kendo!

The reincarnation ancestor wants to use it to restrain Qin Feng's space teleportation!

In just an instant, Qin Feng was shrouded in hundreds of lightsabers, and it was inevitable.

No matter where he teleported, he would be enveloped by a large amount of sword light!

This trick really can restrain teleportation!

Qin Feng had no choice but to swing his sword to meet the hundreds of lightsabers!

Fortunately, after the reincarnation ancestor used the group attack skill, the attack power per unit area became much weaker.

But the reincarnation ancestor saw this scene, but his eyes showed joy.

The power of those hundreds of lightsabers gathered together, can be comparable to the threshold level of the true **** peak!

He doesn't believe that Qin Feng can withstand such a level of attack!

boom! boom! boom!

Qin Feng greeted him with a sword, shattering hundreds of lightsabers.

His whole body was also shaken back several meters, and he finally managed to catch it!

Seeing this scene, the reincarnation ancestor was stunned.

Immediately, he was furious!

This **** boy, obviously the combat power is not the threshold of the peak of the true god, why can he catch such an attack!

In this case, how could he kill this kid?

According to this development, let alone three minutes, even if you want to kill Qin Feng within ten minutes, it will be very difficult!

"Little thief! Come again!"

The reincarnation ancestor was unwilling and slaughtered Qin Feng again!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

boom! boom! boom!

The two sides fight immediately!

For a time, the sky and the earth cracked open, the void collapsed, and the scene was extremely terrifying!

The reincarnation ancestor has the upper hand!

But Qin Feng knew that his attack power was terrifying, but he didn't fight him head-on. He always used speed and teleportation to deal with him!

Even if Qin Feng falls behind, the reincarnation ancestor will have nothing to do with Qin Feng.

Seeing this scene, the reincarnation ancestor was anxious in his heart!

The old woman Baihe and others were also anxious to see it!

They all know that the master's six prisons are limited in time.