Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At that time, he will not be able to move and can only be slaughtered by others!

The only way is to avoid the power of ice.

But this icy power shrouded a hundred miles and filled the entire space, and he didn't have time to avoid it!

click! click! click!

At this moment, the power of ice cold invaded!

Wherever it goes, everything is frozen, everything is frozen

Qin Feng knew that he could not avoid it, and immediately thought about it!

boom!

In the next second, a thick white fog surged up around him, covering his entire body!

At this moment, the power of ice and cold invaded and engulfed Qin Feng in just an instant.

click! click! click!

Suddenly, the power of ice-cold froze everything at a speed visible to the naked eye!

The space where Qin Feng was located was instantly frozen!

Inside the ice layer, there is a group of human-shaped white mist-like ice sculptures, which was transformed by Qin Feng!

"Haha! He's frozen!"

The ancestor of Beiming is ecstatic!

This 'absolutely frozen' is a high-grade god-level skill!

It can freeze time and space, freeze the soul, and the law of ice spirit, and its power is extremely terrifying!

Even if the False God limit is frozen by it, it is impossible to get out of trouble in two seconds.

The strength of Qin Feng's child has barely reached the threshold of the true god's peak, which is far worse than the true god's limit.

He was frozen in ice this time, and he would not be able to escape within five seconds!

But to kill him, these five seconds are enough!

Thinking of this, the ancestor of Beiming roared: "Friend Samsara! Hurry up!"

The reincarnation ancestor reacted immediately!

"it is good!"

As soon as the words fell, the reincarnation ancestor slashed his sword with all his strength, and slashed away at the foggy ice sculpture transformed by Qin Feng!

Swish!

That sword slashed, the sun and the moon fell, and the stars disappeared!

The laws of heaven and earth are disturbed, and the power is terrifying!

boom!

At the same time, the ancestor of Beiming also shot with all his strength, and blasted away at the fog sculpture transformed by Qin Feng!Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The shot blasted away, the world trembled, and the void shattered inch by inch!

This sword and one shot are combined, and the attack power is extremely terrifying. It is even stronger than the full force of the true god's limit!

That joint strike, the momentum is unparalleled, like destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

Seeing this scene, the old lady Baihe, Heiyi, Jinyu and others were extremely excited!

Great!

Qin Feng's child was blocked by ice and could not move at this moment!

The master finally has a way to attack him.

Having said that, Qin Feng used speed and teleportation to deal with the ancestors of reincarnation, but he did not face each other.

They look so embarrassed!

At this moment, they finally saw hope!

Qin Feng couldn't move, so he could only take the master's full blow.

In addition, the ancestor of Beiming attacked from the side!

The two of them will strike together, and they will definitely be able to kill Qin Feng!

Swish!

boom!

At this moment, the sword of the reincarnation ancestor has fallen!

A shot from the ancestor of Beiming is also approaching.

The fog ice sculpture that Qin Feng turned into still did not disintegrate.

Obviously, Qin Feng was blocked by ice and could not escape for a while.

In fact, even if Qin Feng begins to break the seal at this moment, it is too late!

Because of the attack of the two of Samsara, it has already arrived!

Seeing this scene, Jinyu and others were so excited that their eyes lit up!

Especially the old woman Baihe and Heiyi, their faces were turning red with excitement!

Qin Feng is about to fall!

Their great revenge is about to be avenged!

At this moment, the sword of the ancestor of reincarnation slashed on the ice sculpture!

The shot of the ancestor of Beiming also bombarded the ice sculpture at the same time!

boom! boom!

Two loud bangs!

Shocking sound waves, blasting through the universe!

This wave of attacks is even more terrifying than the previous ones!

In just an instant, the ice sculpture was blasted into powder, leaving a huge space black hole in place!

Qin Feng's figure is gone!

Obviously, he has been bombarded into scum!

Ha ha!

Then Qin Feng's child was finally killed!

The old woman Baihe and others were very excited!

At the same moment, at the center of the explosion.

The reincarnation ancestor overlooked the battlefield ahead and did not sense Qin Feng's breath.

He breathed a sigh of relief!

Finally killed it!

Without even a breath, that Qin Feng is absolutely dead!

"Friend Samsara, that kid died so miserably!"

At this moment, the ancestor of Beiming looked at the ice **** in front of him with a smile!

He wanted to find Qin Feng's wreckage, but he didn't see any bones, not even a breath.

Obviously, Qin Feng was smashed into powder by them, leaving nothing, and naturally died extremely miserably!

Ancestor Samsara took a deep breath: "Yeah! Having said that, this kid is really difficult to deal with! If fellow Taoist hadn't used that trump card, we wouldn't know when we would have been able to kill him!"

The reincarnation ancestor is full of emotion!

He originally said to kill Qin Feng within three minutes!

But three minutes had passed, and he couldn't kill Qin Feng.

If Ancestor Beiming had not used that trump card, they wouldn't know when they would be able to kill Qin Feng.

If it takes more than ten minutes and they haven't killed Qin Feng, the situation will be bad.

Because after ten minutes pass, his six-jail-suppressing state will disappear, and his strength will plummet!

At this time, the ancestor of Beiming said: "Friend Samsara, let's quickly find that kid's storage ring!"

"right!"

With this reminder, the reincarnation ancestor remembered the business!

They did everything possible to kill Qin Feng, didn't they just grab the Holy Land pass!

And those pass orders should be in Qin Feng's storage ring.

Thinking of this, the reincarnation ancestor looked at the battlefield, looking for Qin Feng's relics.

The more he looked, the more he felt that something was wrong!

Having said that, even if Qin Feng was bombed to death, there should be a little blood left behind!

Why wasn't there any blood at the scene?

Is it

"Huh! That is"

Suddenly, the ancestor of Samsara saw a white light spot the size of a soybean in the center of the explosion, which seemed to be a space node.

eccentric!

Why is there an extra space node in the middle of the explosion?

"that is"

At this time, the ancestor of Beiming also saw it.

But without waiting for the two of them to think about it, there was a sudden change in the field!

hum!

When I saw that space node, a dazzling white light suddenly erupted!

Swish!

The next second, the light spot is gone!

Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

Take a closer look at its appearance, it is actually intact!

boom!

This scene suddenly made the two ancestors of Samsara dumbfounded!

Not far away, the old lady Baihe and others were also stunned!

This... what's going on here?

How could this guy be intact?

It turned out that before being completely frozen, Qin Feng released a thick fog to cover his figure, and then instantly hid in the zero-degree space.

Naturally, the frozen power did not freeze him, but only sealed a space node, hidden and undetectable.

Next, the attack of the two ancestors of reincarnation just bombarded a useless ice sculpture. In essence, nothing was attacked, and everything was busy!

"How...how could..."

At this moment, Old Ancestor Beiming couldn't react.

The reincarnation ancestor has not recovered!

Before they could think about it, Qin Feng had already started a thunderous counterattack.

call out!