Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Above 100 stars is Earth-level combat power.

Thousands of stars and above are heaven-level combat power.

After this Huo Luan pet becomes an adult, it can reach the prefecture-level combat power.

Earth-level combat power!

That is from 100 stars to 999 stars.

This Huo Luan pet has unlimited potential!

If it can reach 900 stars when it is an adult, it will be awesome!

Of course, these are all his guesses.

However, even if the combat power of the prefecture-level pet is poor, it will not be lower than 100 stars.

That's definitely a big help!

Qin Feng couldn't put it down and looked at the pet egg, his mind concentrated again...

[Huoluan Battle Pet Egg: Drop a drop of blood essence every day for hatching. After three days, the shell can be broken out. 】

[Reminder: Battle pets hatched from the master's blood essence have 100% loyalty and will last until death. 】

[Reminder: The Huoluan pet has the Suzaku bloodline and is an evolvable pet. As long as its bloodline talent is improved, its growth limit can be increased. 】

Still an evolutionary pet!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Cool!

So cool!

Qin Feng was delighted and continued to watch.

[Reminder: If the owner has the animal control technique and applies it to the pet, its combat power can be increased by 30%. 】

[Reminder: If the owner has psychic skills, applying it to the pet can increase its combat power by 60%. 】

Beast Control is finally useful!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

He has mastered the art of animal control!

But the next second, he showed a wry smile.

His animal control technique is a bit flawed, and he needs a beast control pill to control beasts.

Unless he can awaken the C-level talent - the six senses are connected.

With this talent, you can control beasts without the need for a beast control pill.

However, he is not far from the awakening of the six senses.

He is gifted with six senses, and his thoughts, vision, hearing, smell, and touch are all awakened.

It's just the last taste talent, and I haven't awakened yet.

As long as the taste talent awakens, his six senses are connected.

Taste talent, at first glance, it can be seen that it is a very scumbag talent, but it has played a linking role in the six senses, and it is not enough without it.

Qin Feng wants to get it, but he has no clue yet, so he can only postpone it at this time.

As for the psychic technique in the prompt, it is an upgrade skill of the animal control technique.

As long as you upgrade the C-level 'six senses connection' talent to the B-level 'six senses psychic', you can get it.

These are all later stories!

After thinking about this, Qin Feng cut his fingers, squeezed out a drop of blood essence, and dropped it on the smooth pet egg.

In the next second, the drop of blood essence was completely absorbed by the pet egg at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the pet egg emitted a faint red light.

A looming mental fluctuation emanated from the egg, expressing joy and intimacy to Qin Feng.

"After absorbing the blood essence, the little guy seems to wake up."

Qin Feng smiled slightly, full of expectations for his future pet.

Then, he comforted the pet egg and put it into the storage ring.

After doing this, he put on Fengshen boots again, and his agility attribute suddenly increased.

He glanced at his combat assessment and suddenly reached 49 stars.

good! good!

With two pieces of Tier 4 equipment, his combat power soared directly from 47 stars to 49 stars.

This is a big improvement!

As a result, he has an extra piece of second-order equipment in his hand—shadow boots.

Immediately, he entered the regional chat channel and issued a second personal announcement.

[Personal Announcement: Shadow Boots (Tier 2) in exchange for Treasure Chest Synthesis Cards (Tier 2), interested parties can contact the transaction. Publisher: Qin Feng (911 Village). 】

"Look! Another master has released a personal announcement!"

"It's Qin Feng from 911 Village!"

"Hey! He posted it twenty minutes ago, why did he post another one?"

"No way? Isn't a level 7 expert only able to post one in a day? How can he post two? Could it be..."

"My God! This Qin Feng is actually a level 10 powerhouse!"

"I bought it!"

"Hey~! So he's so strong!"

The channel was instantly amazed.

At this time, nearly a million people learned about Qin Feng's strength, and they were all shocked.

Even those self-righteous Western countries are secretly smacking their tongues.

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to these people.

After he made the announcement, he left the chat channel...

A quarter of an hour later, the ants gathered at the foot of the mountain.

With a cigarette in his mouth, Qin Feng looked in the direction of the Bone-Bone Wasteland.

Right now, the sun is setting.

Soon, he will usher in the second night of entering this world.

Whoo~!

He exhaled a long puff of smoke.

A breeze blows, and the smoke dissipates with the wind.

At dusk, the view in the distance is beautiful.

"It's time to go!"

Qin Feng flicked his index finger and threw away the cigarette **** in his hand.

He glanced back at the ant gathering mountain again.

Today's Ant Cluster has tripled in size and stretches for dozens of miles.

These are all Tier 0 iron ore resources!

It is also one of the cornerstones of the future development of 911 Village.

Today, 911 Village is extremely rich in resources.

Even if the resources of fifty villages are added together, they are not comparable to 911 villages.

Qin Feng believes that as long as he becomes the village head, he can make the 911 village grow rapidly in a very short period of time.

Perhaps, he can lead the people of 911 Village, and even the people of the Dragon Kingdom, to make a breakthrough in this world of slaughter.

Of course, the premise of all this is that he must first become the village chief.

The public task of the 'future village chief' must be completed as soon as possible.

Thinking of this, his figure flashed, and he hurried to the Buried Bone Wilderness.

In a blink of an eye, he disappeared into the twilight...

Time flies!

An hour later, he arrived at the Bone Wilderness.

With the Fengshen boots, his speed has skyrocketed.

It took him only an hour to arrive at the original two or three hour journey.

Along the way, he also killed more than a dozen beasts, and gained a lot of attribute points and energy points.

Today, he is level 10 (206400/230000), not far from the next level.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to find the old tree.

At this time, the setting sun has not entered Xishan.

Twilight is coming!

But the 'Lost Village' still hasn't appeared, obviously the time has not yet come.

Qin Feng took advantage of some time to kill monsters and upgrade them in the Buried Bone Wilderness.

He is now eager to improve his strength and strive to reach a combat power of more than 80 stars as soon as possible.

Only then can he have a glimmer of hope to defeat the Heaven Punisher and get more rewards.

Upgrading is undoubtedly one of the most straightforward ways.

Besides, he is not far from level 11.

In this way, he killed the beast in the Bone Burial Wilderness.

The Bone Wilderness is a haunted area of ​​level 10 beasts.

After doubling the resources, the number of beasts here has increased several times.

In just half an hour, Qin Feng killed more than 30 beasts, and the level progress reached level 10 (217800/230000), one step closer to level 11. 4.6

More than thirty level 10 beasts, a total of four species.

This provides Qin Feng with twenty more attributes.

At this point, his combat power has soared to the limit of 49 stars, and he is only one line away from 50 stars.

At the same time, his extraction of level 10 beasts has reached the full limit.

Today, for beasts below level 10, he is only level 8 and 9, and he has not yet reached the full limit.

Next, he plans to vigorously acquire the corpses of level 8 and level 9 beasts.

These are the sources of strength improvement, and he is not willing to miss it.

Back by the old tree, it was already dark.

The wind on the wasteland is a little cool.

The 'Lost Village' still did not appear.

Looks like we'll have to wait a bit longer.

Qin Feng simply raised a bonfire under the ancient tree.

He is going to eat some grilled meat, drink some hot tea, and wait for the arrival of the "lost village" while nourishing his spirit.

Tonight, there will inevitably be a battle...