Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as he waved his hand, the fission body appeared out of thin air!

Before the two of Beiming could react, Qin Feng teleported and reached the sky above the ancestor of Beiming.

"Damn!"

The ancestors of Beiming were terrified!

He thinks that he is not Qin Feng's opponent and needs the help of the ancestors of reincarnation.

Sure enough, the reincarnation ancestor reacted instantly and was about to help.

hum!

At this moment, the fission body picked up a seal.

Time stands still!

Instant start!

That time skill was instantly applied to the reincarnation ancestor.

hum!

Time, all time freezes!

The ancestors of reincarnation were fixed in place!

hum! hum! hum! hum!

At the same moment, four white lights lit up continuously on Qin Feng's body!

In the next breath, his momentum skyrocketed wildly, reaching 36.5 million stars in a blink of an eye, extremely powerful!

That is because he used the sacrifice of combat power, and after obtaining the combat power of the four Jumang people, his strength skyrocketed!

Ancestor Beiming instantly sensed the change in Qin Feng.

OMG!

How did this kid's fighting power become so strong all of a sudden!

Ancestor Beiming opened his eyes in horror!

He really couldn't figure out what was going on.

But don't wait for him to think about it, the mutation regenerates!

Swish!

The door of light flashes!

Qin Feng is divided into two!

The anode body and the cathode body appear at the same time 0

call out! call out! call out!

Then, the white light flashed!

Mirage clones, wood spirit clones, and ice spirit clones also appeared at the same time!

boom! boom! boom!

In the next breath, Qin Feng's two main bodies and three avatars slammed and killed Beiming Lao Zun at the same time!

Today, the comprehensive combat power of Qin Feng's two main bodies has reached about 36 million stars.

The combat power of the three clones has also reached about 25 million stars!

The momentum of these five combat powers joining forces is infinitely close to the limit of a true god!

Boom!

At this moment, the five attacks fell from the sky, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

Wherever the momentum went, the stars fell, and the heavens and the earth died!

The laws of the avenues are all messed up!

This terrifying scene made Old Ancestor Beiming turn pale with fright!

With his strength, he could withstand such a thunderous strike there!

In panic, he roared loudly!

"Daoist, save me!"

He is naturally calling for help from the ancestors of reincarnation!

But at this moment, the ancestor of reincarnation was fixed in place, unable to move at all.

The next breath, the attack falls!

The ancestor of Beiming screamed and raised his gun to attack!

boom! boom! boom!

A series of explosions!

The long spear of the ancestor of Beiming was blasted away!

The last five attacks were all bombarding him!

"Do not!"

The despairing roar of the ancestors of Beiming resounded in the field!

Bang!

In the next second, his body exploded, and he was directly bombarded on the spot, turning into a blood fog all over the sky!

Not far away, Jinyu and others were completely dumbfounded!

They never thought that things would turn around so quickly!

Not to mention, Qin Feng's thunderous counterattack was so swift!

They didn't even have time to think about it, and Qin Feng blasted the ancestor of Beiming in one face!

Boom!

At this moment, the blood mist rolled violently!

The ancestor of Beiming is about to be resurrected!

Ji Yang's eyebrows suddenly opened, revealing golden pupils!

call out!

The divine light of punishment blazed out!

Instantly penetrated the blood fog!

puff!

A soft sound!

There was another scream in the blood fog!

The soul body of the ancestor of Beiming collapsed, and he died just like that!

Jinyu and others are also completely stunned!

The ancestor of Beiming has fallen!

"Do not!"

At this time, the earth-shattering roar of the reincarnation ancestor sounded in the field!

He finally got rid of the shackles of time standing still!

But in this second of delay, the ancestor of Beiming was killed, and it was still the kind of complete killing of the collapse of the soul!

It was not until this moment that he realized that Qin Feng had been hiding his strength.

Its true strength is so terrifying that it can kill the ancestor of Beiming face to face!

All this caught him off guard!

All I can say is that this kid is too tolerant!

But he can't let the ancestor of Beiming die, otherwise he will fight alone and fall into a great predicament.

With this in mind, the reincarnation ancestor hurriedly moved the seal and performed the secret technique!

hum!

A burst of chirping!

In front of the reincarnation ancestor, a huge door of light rose.

As soon as the door of light appeared, it exuded a supreme aura, sacred and solemn!

Looking at the gate of light, there is a mysterious long bridge vaguely!

Under the long bridge, the river is surging!

There are countless corpses floating on Hanoi.

Look at both sides of the river, there are countless strange flowers growing, the flowers do not see the leaves, the leaves do not see the flowers!

The whole picture is very strange!

This is another celestial skill of the ancestor of reincarnation - the door of reincarnation!

hum!

In the next second, the door of reincarnation lit up with a dazzling aura, generating an infinite suction, sucking in the blood mist transformed by the ancestors of Beiming, as well as the 2.8 broken soul fragments.

Boom!

Immediately afterwards, the gate of reincarnation will automatically operate!

In less than a second, a majestic figure came out of the gate of reincarnation, it was the ancestor of Beiming.

He was resurrected!

Seeing this scene, Jinyu and others couldn't help cheering!

It turned out that the gate of reincarnation can actually resurrect people who have completely died, and the method is incredible!

"Haha! The old man is alive! The old man is alive again!"

At this moment, the ancestor of Beiming was also extremely excited and cheered!

He never thought that he could be resurrected!

Even the reincarnation ancestor breathed a sigh of relief, as if he had put down a heavy stone.

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

The fission body, who had been watching, suddenly picked up the seal and activated another time skill - time backward!

hum!

A burst of chirping!

Time skills are applied to the ancestors of Beiming!

His physical state suddenly regressed to the state of a second ago.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The whole person's body disintegrated inch by inch in front of everyone's eyes.

In a blink of an eye, he turned into a blood mist again, and even his soul body collapsed automatically!

"Do not!"

In the blood fog, came his desperate roar!

Old Ancestor Beiming never thought that he had just been resurrected and then died again!

One person died twice in a row!

Experienced utter despair twice in a row!

Such a special experience, I am afraid that few people can experience it!

"Do not!"