Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

At the same moment, the earth-shattering roar of the reincarnation ancestor also sounded in the field!

The door of reincarnation, resurrecting the dead, can only be resurrected once.

The same person cannot be resurrected twice.

In other words, the ancestor of Beiming was completely dead this time!

Boom!

At this time, the door of reincarnation roared, the door of light was shrinking, and it was closing automatically!

At this moment, the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body shot at the same time, grabbing the long spear, **** boots, and storage ring left by the ancestor of Beiming.

PS: It's the beginning of the month, and the little author is cheeky to ask for a monthly pass to all of you relatives, thank you very much!

Chapter 620 True God Rewards! The oracle of the Lord!

Qin Feng's two main bodies were happy when he grabbed the treasure.

Then, the two main bodies sent all those treasures into the zero-dimensional space.

"Damn!"

The reincarnation ancestor just reacted, and he was furious!

Even if the ancestor of Beiming fell, he forgot to grab the two mid-grade artifacts left by him, and he didn't even get the last benefit!

This time, he completely miscalculated!

Thinking of this, the reincarnation ancestor was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood!

call out!

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew into the blood mist transformed by the ancestor of Beiming, and poured into the body of Jiyang's body.

At the same time, in Qin Feng's knowledge, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven sounded.

[You succeeded in killing the hider (early stage of True God), and you obtained +200 million attributes]

[You successfully killed the hider (early stage of True God), and you obtained +1.5 trillion energy points]

[You have successfully killed the hider (True God Initial Limit), and you have obtained +40 million points. 】

[You have successfully killed the hider (True God Limit), and you have gained +500 reputation. 】Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

【Your level has been promoted to level 68! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2000 points! 】

【You get 1000 free attributes! 】

hum!

At this moment, the body of the polar yang and the body of the polar yin both lit up with an upgraded white light.

Another upgrade!

In fact, this is the third upgrade since the start of the competition!

The Mirage clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone have harvested so much energy that Qin Feng has been upgraded once.

In short, Qin Feng is level 68, and he is only 2 levels away from his level 70 goal!

What's even better is that killing a true **** in the early stage actually gave him 200 million attribute points and 500 reputation points!

This harvest is too wild!

The blessing of ten times the reward surprises Qin Feng once again!

Having said that, killing the ancestor of Beiming is more profitable than killing a competition area!

I don't know if killing the ancestors of reincarnation, will the harvest be more?

Boom!

At this moment, the void shook!

Another announcement resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm! 04

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', killed the hidden ancestor Beiming (early stage of True God), and obtained +5 gold points. 】

boom!

As soon as this news came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was completely boiling!

OMG!

Qin Feng actually killed a true **** in the early stage!

What kind of strength is Qin Feng?

The forces were extremely shocked!

If you want to kill the power of the True God in the early stage, at least the mid-term strength of the True God is required, and then cooperate with some special means!

But as far as they know, the entire Blue Star Realm can have the strength of the middle stage of the true god, that is, the ancestors of reincarnation, the ancestors of years, and the ancestors of Wuwang!

Now it seems that there is one more person!

Thinking of this, countless guardian forces watching the show were silent, and there was only a deep shock in their hearts!

Before, they agreed that Longyuan City was the weakest of the three camps.

After all, there is an ancestor of reincarnation in the blue camp!

The Green Square camp has the ancestors of the years!

What is there in Longyuan City?

The forces established by a group of challengers may not last long.

Many guardian forces are still gloating, waiting to see when Longyuan City will be destroyed.

But what all of them did not expect was that the forces of the blue and green camps had been destroyed.

Now, Qin Feng has even killed the ancestor of Beiming, completely causing a sensation in the Blue Star Realm!

At this moment, Qin Feng's status in everyone's mind has soared rapidly, and he can already be compared with the ancestors of Samsara, the ancestors of years, and the ancestors of Wuwang!

Such news naturally shocked the sixth division!

At this moment, Yu Xuanji, Tai Shi, and Yuan Chu were shocked one by one!

At the same time, the forces in District 8 and District 10, who had rushed to the sixth division, were too shocked to speak.

At this moment, there are already forces, and they begin to doubt the original choice.

Of course, such drastic changes also made Yuan Chu and Tai Shi anxious.

Both of them accelerated their speed and rushed towards the Tiance Clan.

So far, the red team has been winning again and again.

Both of their camps urgently need a victory to fight Qin Feng's arrogance.

Now it seems that the Tiance Clan is the best target to attack!

After all, Longyuan City is guarded by Qin Feng, and the fifth division has been captured by Qin Feng's clone, and the Five Village Views are already solid.

Now it seems that the Tiance Clan is the only one left in the Red Square camp, such a place to break the defense!

Thinking of this, Yuanchu and Taishi both speeded up and attacked the Tiance Clan.

At the same time, above the floating city.

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor is crazy!

Just now, there was an announcement from Tiandao that the ancestor of Beiming was killed by Qin Feng!

This is equivalent to being certified by heaven, completely dead, and there is no possibility of resurrection!

He originally thought about whether the ancestor of Beiming had a hidden secret technique that could revive himself.

After all, the true god-level almighty, all the methods are weird!

Until the last moment, you never know what trump cards he is hiding!

Now it seems that he thinks too much!

However, he is really not reconciled!

boom!

At this moment, the ancestor of reincarnation suddenly shot and slashed towards Qin Feng's fission body with a sword!

He felt that this guy had the weakest aura, only at the pinnacle level of a demigod, so he should kill him first.

He can also repay the hatred of Beiming's ancestors for being destroyed, and find a place for himself!

Having said that, if this guy mastered the strange time skills, the ancestor of Beiming would not die.

It's all because of this guy!

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor actually had infinite anger towards the fission body!

He blamed the fission body for his loss.

But he didn't realize that the fission body was the extension of Qin Feng's body.

The battle is really too intense, the reincarnation ancestor didn't think much about it!

click! click! click!

That sword cut fiercely!

Wherever the sword wind passes, the void is shattered, and the laws are all disordered!

The sword that annihilated the earth was about to smash the fission body.

call out!

White light flashes!

But at this moment, the fission body disappeared out of thin air!

Click!

That sword slashed the world, and it smashed into the sky!

It turned out that at that moment, the fission body escaped back to zero-degree space!

"Damn!"

The reincarnation ancestor was shocked and angry!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

At this moment, Qin Feng's two main bodies and three avatars slaughtered the ancestors of reincarnation at the same time!

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

Suddenly, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon had no light!

For a time, the two sides were evenly matched!

You must know that before this, the reincarnation ancestors had the upper hand.

Of course, the reincarnation ancestor also relied on the help of the six prisons to suppress Qin Feng.

But now, even if he has Liuyu Zhentian to help him, he can only tie with Qin Feng.

What is even more terrifying is that his state of six prisons is less than five minutes left.

At that time, as soon as the state disappears, he will be in danger.

The ancestors of reincarnation do not know that there are more dangerous things that are about to happen

At this moment, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.