Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Qiyue, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, and Jumang were all sitting cross-legged, sacrificing their fighting power for Qin Feng.

In front of the four of them, there are three treasures floating, namely a long spear, a pair of **** boots, and a storage ring.

That is the treasure that the two main bodies grabbed, and was sent directly into the zero-dimensional space.

call out!

At this moment, the white light flashed in the field!

The fission body appeared out of thin air!

When he appeared, he happily looked at the three treasures in front of him.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

Feng Xi's three daughters showed joy when they saw the fission body returning.

"Dad! Dad! Are all the bad guys out there killed?"

Jumang also asked in a milky voice.

The fission body smiled slightly: "There is a more powerful one, and it will not be killed in a while. However, don't worry, I still have the means to improve my strength."

As soon as the voice fell, the fission body opened the property panel

[Free attribute]: 200 million

[Golden Points]: 18 points

【Reputation】: 9200 points.

After reading this, the fission body is overjoyed!

This time the harvest is really rich!

There are 20,000 light attribute points!

In addition, the gold points have reached 18 points!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

According to Tiandao's previous tips, 20 gold points can be exchanged for a Holy Land Pass (the second floor).

He is not far from this goal!

In addition, his reputation has reached 9,200 points, which is not far from 10,000 points.

I wonder if it will cause some changes after reaching 10,000 points?

With this thought, the fission body is full of expectations.

However, he didn't waste time and started adding points directly.

Right now, Qin Feng is playing against the reincarnation ancestors in the outside world.

He wants to finish adding points and increase the strength of his body again, so that he can kill the ancestor of Samsara.

For Qin Feng, the reincarnation ancestor is a must-kill target.

Whether it is for the next page of the present book, or for the other half of the SS-level token, he has to destroy the ancestor of reincarnation.

With this thought, the fission body accelerated the speed of adding points.

At the same moment, in the sixth division, over a jungle.

Taishi and Teng Kui led an army of 500,000 people and were slaying the Tiance Clan in a mighty manner.

At this moment, the faces of the two of them were gloomy.

The news that Qin Feng killed the ancestor of Beiming gave them a bad feeling.

An invisible pressure was born spontaneously in their hearts.

Not only them, but the disciples of the nine clans behind them were all anxious and uneasy.

At this moment, the team is last.

In the army of Guangming Town, all Baipi, Bangzi, Asan, and Yingbo kept mumbling.

"Axi! Qin Feng actually killed the ancestor of Beiming! Did the way of heaven make a mistake?"

"Fake! I can't believe that the people of Longbi can do something like that! It's a miracle!"

"Bag! Qin Feng must have used some despicable means!"

At this moment, the white skins and the sticks kept mumbling.

They really can't accept the fact that Qin Feng killed the ancestor of Beiming!

They are even more unacceptable. They were both born as challengers, and the performance of Longbiren is much better than them!

As they entered this killing world for a long time, these white skins, sticks, and sakura-women discovered more and more that the Longbi people were really better than them, and they were much better!

This fact really swelled their faces!

It also made it even more obvious that their previous arrogance seemed so stupid and ridiculous!

This made the values ​​they have always believed to collapse little by little, and they almost didn't have the courage to live!

It's just that these white skins and Asan didn't notice that at the front of the team, Pope Paul looked calm.

Even when he heard the announcement that Qin Feng had killed the ancestor of Beiming, he was not moved at all.

At this moment, he leisurely glanced at Anna's hot body and those legs that couldn't be folded, and felt very proud in his heart.

All of this is his masterpiece!

It was at this moment that Jin Erzhong came over.

"Sir Pope 187, what do you think of Qin Feng killing the ancestor of Beiming?"

Jin Erzhong asked in a low voice, his tone full of worry.

As a stick, he didn't want the dragon to be strong.

That would make him extremely jealous!

Paul smiled slightly: "Oh! Dear Mr. Jin Erzhong, in fact, I knew this would happen a few hours ago."

Jin Erzhong was surprised: "Uh! Lord Pope, that happened just now, how did you know about it a few hours ago?"

Paul smiled proudly: "Oh! Dear Mr. Jin Erzhong, have you forgotten? Not long ago, the great Lord taught me an oracle through the Bible. In the Lord's oracle, he predicted that this matter!"

boom!

As soon as these words fell, Jin Erzhong was extremely shocked!

Anna on the side was also stunned!

Immediately, she asked in a low voice: "Sir Pope, you said that Qin Feng killed the ancestor of Beiming, the Lord has predicted?"

Paul smiled smugly: "Of course! Lord! He can do anything!"

Anna and Jin Erzhong looked at each other, very surprised!

Later, Anna asked again, "Sir Pope, what else is said in the Lord's oracle?"

Paul said very sincerely: "The Lord said that the final winner this time is Him! That is our Lord! Because He is omnipotent!"

Hearing this, Anna and Jin Erzhong's eyes lit up, and they all showed great joy.

Immediately, Jin Erzhong said happily: "The Lord is truly omnipotent! He can even count Qin Feng killing the ancestor of Beiming. Then his oracle must be extremely accurate. This time, we must be the final winner. !"

Hearing this, Paul laughed without saying a word!

At this time, Anna was a little worried: "Sir Pope, Qin Feng is extremely strong, he may have the strength of the middle stage of the true god!"

Paul smiled and said: "Oh! My dear little Anna, you don't have to worry! The Lord said, as long as Qin Feng does not have the limit of true God's strength, there is nothing to worry about."

"The only thing he is worried about is Qingchengzi of Wuzhuangguan. That person seems to have a treasure in his hand, so that the master can't see his future!"

Jin Erzhong was surprised: "Sir Pope, what do you have in Qingchengzi's hands?"

"I don't know either! However, it doesn't matter! The final winner is destined to be us!"

Paul shrugged and smiled confidently.

Jin Erzhong and Anna also smiled at each other and didn't ask any more questions.

This conversation was very quiet.

The entire team, only the three of them knew.

After Paul told those secrets, his mood was inexplicably relieved.

Afterwards, he looked in the direction of the Tiance Clan, muttering in his heart.

Rumor has it that Yu Xuanji is the most beautiful woman in the Blue Star Realm!

When this war is over, he will definitely ask the Lord to reward him with that jade mystery!

Thinking of this, Paul's greasy face has a strange brilliance.

Chapter 621: The Universe Shifts! Planet level!

At the same moment, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky.

Yu Xuanji looked at the second competition area from afar.

His extremely delicate face was full of excitement.

Not long ago, she heard the announcement of Tiandao that Qin Feng beheaded the ancestor of Beiming.

This news surprised her so much!

Beside her, Granny Yusang was also full of excitement!

"Patriarch, I didn't expect it! City Lord Qin Feng could kill the ancestor of Beiming. You must know that the ancestor of Beiming was a great power in the early days of the true god! City Lord Qin Feng surprised the old man!"

Granny Yusang's tone was full of infinite respect,

In this world full of slaughter, the stronger the strength, the more respected.

Before she knew it, Granny Yusang had a deep respect for Qin Feng.

Yu Xuanji smiled and nodded: "Yeah! The performance of the Qin Feng City Lord has repeatedly made people amazed! It can be said that one miracle after another has been created, and people have to admire it! It can be seen that the prophecy of the ancestors is very accurate!"

At this moment, even Yu Xuanji called Qin Feng the 'City Lord'.

A proud person like her respects Qin Feng.

Granny Yusang also smiled and said, "Patriarch, it's not only you who think so, but now the whole clan thinks so. If before this, everyone's trust in the prophecy was 90%, then now it's 100%. ."

Yu Xuanji nodded with satisfaction: "This is a good thing! In this way, our clan will be able to work together even more!"

"By the way, patriarch, now everyone is looking forward to the fact that City Lord Qin Feng can come to our clan sooner! Many people want to recognize him as the master. The elders also have this plan. They asked the old man to ask, what do you think?"

Granny Yusang asked carefully.

Yu Xuanji smiled slightly: "Since everyone has this will, the prophecy of the ancestors is also very clear. Then recognize Qin Feng as the master! As the patriarch, the deity must take the lead in recognizing the master."

Granny Yusang said with a smile: "The patriarch said that, the old man is relieved. Speaking of which, if Qin Feng can kill the ancestor of Beiming, he must at least have the strength of the middle stage of the true god. He is fully qualified to keep pace with the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of the years. !"

Yu Xuanji smiled and nodded: "That's true! By the way, mother-in-law, I heard a rumor that the strength of the ancestor of Beiming is infinitely close to the middle stage of the true god. I wonder if it is true?"

Granny Yusang frowned: "It shouldn't be true! If the ancestor of Beiming has the strength close to the middle stage of the true god, it would be too difficult for Qin Feng to kill the city master! At least he must have the strength of the peak of the true god!"

"But the city lord Qin Feng came to this world, the world is too short, it is impossible to have the strength of the peak of the true god!"

Yu Xuanji nodded slightly: "That's right! I also think that the rumor is untrue!"

The two of them didn't know that Qin Feng not only had the strength of the peak of the true god, but also killed the ancestor of Beiming with one enemy and two.

That would be more difficult than fighting the ancestor of Beiming alone and beheading him!

At this time, Yu Xuanji smiled again: "Actually, it is enough that Qin Feng City Lord has the mid-term strength of True God."

"That's right!"

Granny Yusang smiled and nodded.

Obviously, they are very satisfied with Qin Fengneng's mid-term strength of True God.

They dare not ask for it, Qin Feng will be stronger than the middle stage of True God.

Of course, they naturally hope that Qin Feng will be as strong as possible, but they must also respect the logical facts and not just fantasize.