Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"By the way, Patriarch, the old man suddenly thought of a serious matter, I don't know if it should be said or not?"

Granny Yusang seemed to have thought of something, and looked at Yu Xuanji's beautiful face with a serious look, as if she was hesitant to say anything.

Yu Xuanji smiled slightly: "Mother-in-law, if you have something to say, just say it!"

Granny Yusang took a deep breath: "Patriarch, to be honest, you are the number one beauty and genius in our Blue Star Realm. If you were a man, you would definitely be fascinated by you."

"You said, if you recognize the Lord Qin Feng as the master. If he has ideas for you, then you may have some ideas after you recognize the master, I'm afraid it will be difficult to refuse."

Speaking of this, Granny Yusang felt emotional.

She has been worried about these things since the patriarch Bingqing Yujie for many years.

Yu Xuanji was also stunned.

This was exactly what she had worried about before.

After a while, she sighed: "Mother-in-law, I believe in the character of the city lord Qin Feng. If the city lord Qin Feng really needs it, let him take it! Maybe, that is my destiny! Because, I believe in the ancestors' Prophecy!"

Having said that, Yu Xuanji silently looked in the direction of the second division, as if he had made up his mind.

Granny Yusang smiled: "Perhaps the old man thinks too much! The old man also believes that the character of Qin Feng's city lord will not be the same as those vulgar men."

"By the way, the patriarch, the army of Taishi and Yuanchu is coming soon. With the current strength of our clan, we can't deal with these two groups of people!"

Speaking of which, Granny Yusang was a little worried again.

Yu Xuanji reassured: "Mother-in-law, don't worry! The ancestors prophesied to show that our family can turn a bad luck into a good one this time! Maybe, Qin Feng City Lord has already made arrangements!"

As soon as Qin Feng was mentioned, Granny Yusang's eyes lit up.

"Yes! The old man also believes in the Qin Feng City Lord, he should make some arrangements!"

Unconsciously, the two women are very optimistic about Qin Feng and have an inexplicable trust in Qin Feng.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Of course, there are those who are optimistic about Qin Feng, and there are those who are not optimistic about Qin Feng.

Like Pope Paul, Jin Erzhong, and Anna in Guangming Town, they have long regarded this hegemony as a game.

They are not optimistic about Qin Feng at all!

According to the oracle of the Lord, they are the final winners.

That Qin Feng is sure to die!

The Lord's oracle said that if Qin Feng's strength did not reach the limit of the true God, there would be no threat.

They don't believe that Qin Feng can reach the limit of a true **** in such a short period of time.

What's more, the oracle is the Lord's spying on the future, and it must be the result of the Lord's spying into the future.

Thinking of this, Paul and the three naturally didn't take Qin Feng to heart.

At the same time, in the second division, above the floating city.

boom! boom! boom!

boom! boom! boom!

Qin Feng and the ancestors of reincarnation are killing the sky and the earth, the sun and the moon are dark!

The battle in the field is very fierce!

The old woman Baihe, Heiyi, Jinyu and others were so nervous that they didn't even dare to breathe.

At this moment, they are very anxious!

Counting the time, there are only three minutes left in the master's six-jail-suppressing state!

But the battle between the master and Qin Feng was still evenly matched, and they did not gain the slightest advantage!

According to such a trend, once the Six Prison Suppression state ends, the master will be in bad luck!

At that time, ten of them will also be unlucky!

Thinking of this, the ten old ladies of Baihe were terrified and wondered if it was time to run away?

At the moment, the ten people whispered.

"Everyone, the situation is not good!"

"Yeah! The master's six prisons are in the state of heaven, and the time limit is running out. We will be in great danger!"

"This...how is this good?!"

"Strange! The master knew that the situation was unfavorable, why did he refuse to escape? Could it be that he was waiting for something?"

"Waiting for what? Are you waiting..."

In the crowd, Jinyu's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred in the field!

I saw that during the battle, Qin Feng's two main bodies and three clones, the momentum skyrocketed at the same time, soaring wildly all the way!

Boom!

In just an instant, the two main bodies have skyrocketed by 4 million stars in combat power, and the comprehensive combat power has reached 40 million stars, which is extremely terrifying!

This has reached the middle level of the peak of the true god.

The combat power of True God Peak ranges from 30 million to 50 million stars.

At the same time, the combat power of Qin Feng's three avatars also skyrocketed by 3.2 million stars, and the comprehensive combat power of each one was close to the threshold of the true god's peak.

It turned out that Qin Feng's fission body had added the 200 million attributes, which greatly increased Qin Feng's strength again!

As soon as this strength increased, Qin Feng immediately gained the upper hand, killing the reincarnation ancestors and retreating!

"This is…."

"Damn!"

Ten people in Jinyu were shocked and angry!

They never thought that Qin Feng's strength suddenly increased again!

This guy is so weird!

You can never guess, where is the upper limit of his strength!

It always gives people an unfathomable feeling!

But without waiting for BBMG and others to think about it, the mutation in the field regenerates!

I saw that the Mirage clone started a seal, and the time was still activated!

hum!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The skills are applied to the ancestors of reincarnation!

At that moment, time freezes!

The ancestor of reincarnation was set in place!

The extreme Yang body, the extreme Yin body, the wood spirit clone, and the ice spirit clone all attacked the reincarnation ancestor at the same time!

hum! hum! hum!

At that moment, the Zhuxing Sword, Jue Xing Sword, and Star Trapping Sword lit up with dazzling golden light, and the sword energy was connected to the sky and the earth, and they all slashed towards the reincarnation ancestor!

click! click! click!

That joint strike, the momentum will destroy the world!

Wherever the sword wind passes, all voids, all laws, are all smashed and turned into powder!

Its attack momentum suddenly reached the threshold of the true god's limit, and it was extremely terrifying!

"not good!"

Ten people in Jinyu are in a hurry!

They clenched their fists one by one, their hearts in their throats.

The reincarnation ancestor even opened his eyes in horror!

But at this moment, he was locked in place, unable to avoid the siege at all.

Under this blow, he was bound to be severely injured, or even killed on the spot!

But he still has a hole card to play, so is this the way it is?

Thinking of this, the reincarnation ancestor was full of infinite anger and unwillingness!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The sword light flashes!

Qin Feng's attacks continued to fall, and it seemed that he was about to hit the ancestors of reincarnation.

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

call out! call out!

Suddenly white light flashed in the field, and two unfathomable figures appeared!

One is the black-robed old man with a cold temperament!

One is a blue-robed old man with a full face and beard!

They are the long-awaited ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuwang!

As soon as the two showed up, the Wuwang Ancestor immediately shot!

I saw him stretch out his hand and grab the back of the reincarnation ancestor!

Suddenly, the world changes, the situation changes!

Heaven and Earth move!

Instant start!

call out!

The reincarnation ancestor turned into white light and disappeared in place in an instant!

In the next breath, he appeared beside the Wuwang Ancestor.

boom! boom! boom!

Qin Feng's joint strike instantly smashed the void, smashing the void directly, revealing a huge space black hole!

He froze for a moment.

The next second, the two main bodies and the three clones all looked at the Wuwang Ancestor, that is, the blue-robed old man.

It was this old guy who rescued the ancestor of reincarnation!

It turned out that Wuwang Ancestor also mastered the space talent!

He also has a space skill - Qiankun Move, which can forcibly move any target.

When Qin Feng spied the breath of Wuwang's ancestors, it was suddenly in the middle stage of True God, and the camp indicated that it was the green camp, and suddenly frowned slightly.

Then, the two main bodies looked at the ancestors of the years, and they were also in the green camp, and they were also in the middle stage of the true god.

In this way, these two people plus the reincarnation ancestors are the mid-term combat power of the three true gods.

Qin Feng suddenly felt that the situation was not good!

Sure enough, the ancestors of reincarnation were pleasantly surprised when they saw the ancestors of Wuwang and the ancestors of years.

"Two! The old man is finally waiting for you!"

As soon as the voice fell, the reincarnation ancestor revoked the state of six prisons.

Next, he will discuss cooperation matters with the old ancestor of the years.

That might take some time.

And his six-jail-suppressing state has only three minutes left, so he revokes it first, and saves the remaining three minutes for use during the battle.

"Friend Samsara, your situation is not good! If it wasn't for the old man's action, you would have suffered just now!"

Ancestor Wuwang's tone was a bit condescending.