Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He and the ancestor of reincarnation are old acquaintances, and the two sides also have some friendship.

It's just that he has a deeper friendship with the old ancestor of the years, and he is on the side of the old ancestor of the years.

After all, the Blue Star Realm is so big, and naturally these top-level powers have known each other for a long time.

Speaking of which, the Blue Star Realm is only a drop in the ocean in the entire Azure Dragon Star Region.

There are tens of thousands of slaughter planets like the Blue Star Realm in the entire Azure Dragon Star Region.

The Blue Star Realm belongs to the fifth-class planet among those killing planets, and it is also the weakest planet.

In order to upgrade from a fifth-class planet to a fourth-class planet, a star master must be born.

The Blue Star Realm has yet to give birth to a star master.

That's why it's at the bottom of the list!

Of course, there are also strong and weak star masters.

The stronger the star master, the higher the level of the planet!

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor said gratefully: "This time, I would like to thank Wuwang Daoist friend for taking action!"

"Good talk! Good talk!"

Ancestor Wuwang smiled proudly.

"Friend Samsara, are these five Qin Feng?"

At this time, the old ancestor of the years also spoke.

He looked at Qin Feng's two main bodies and three clones with a puzzled look.

These guys look exactly the same, only the body of Ji Yang is slightly different, with long silver-white hair, but the temperament is more extraordinary.

The reincarnation ancestor took a deep breath: "Daoist Friends of the Years, it is true! These five are all Qin Feng! Two of them are his body of two ceremonies, and the other three are his avatars!"

"I see!"

The old ancestors of the years were suddenly stunned.

Afterwards, he sighed: "I really didn't expect it! A challenger, who is clearly in the heavenly realm, can actually push the reincarnation Daoist to such a degree! If this goes on, he really has the potential to become a star master."

Speaking of this, the old ancestor of the years was sour, without the slightest excitement, but rather unhappy.

Ancestor Samsara smiled bitterly: "Yeah! Brother Suiyue, if you really let this kid become the star master. In this Blue Star Realm, there will be no place for you and me. The children of your two clans will also suffer!"

As soon as these words fell, the face of the old ancestor of the years changed slightly.

The star master is the master of one star!

Within the star realm, all races must submit to their subordinates and recognize them as masters.

How could he let his descendants recognize Qin Feng as the main searcher!

Therefore, he cannot let Qin Feng become the star master!

At the moment, the old ancestor of the years took a deep breath: "Friend Samsara, what do you mean?"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled slightly: "How about you and me working together?"

The old ancestor of the years nodded slightly: "The old man has this intention!"

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng felt bad!

Chapter 622 Mid-grade artifact! Co-worker egg!

The reincarnation ancestor was not easy to deal with, but now that there are old ancestors and Wuhuang ancestors with comparable strength, the situation is even more troublesome.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's two main bodies and three avatars all frowned, and their expressions became serious.

If only the reincarnation ancestor was alone, Qin Feng would still have some confidence.

When the three old monsters join forces, it will be very difficult for him to kill the ancestor of reincarnation.

But the reincarnation ancestor is his sure-kill target. The next page of the book and half of the SS-level quest orders are all on the reincarnation ancestor.

With this in mind, Qin Feng began to think about countermeasures

At the same time, the reincarnation ancestor and others were also discussing.

When Old Ancestor Wuwang heard that Old Ancestor Years was going to join forces with Old Ancestor Samsara, he quickly interjected.

"Fellow Daoist years, the old man agreed to support you before because of the Holy Land Pass. This Qin Feng's child has only two pass orders, and we have three people. How should we divide it after joining forces?"

This is the most important interest of Wuwang Ancestor.

"This…."

The old ancestor of the years was a little hesitant.

The reincarnation ancestor immediately said: "Brother Suiyue, you must have guessed that this kid has not only two pass orders, but three. When the points were exchanged before the start of the game, one token was exchanged, which should be this one. The kid exchanged it."

The old ancestor nodded slightly: "The old man thinks so too. But that is just speculation after all! It can only be said that there is a 90% chance that the third holy land pass is on this kid, and it is not 100% certain!"

Old Ancestor's tone was serious.

Qin Feng also heard some unintended meanings.

He could see that the three old monsters attached great importance to the Holy Land Pass.

From this, it can be seen that the chance of the second floor of the Holy Land is extremely tempting, and even the old monsters in the middle stage of the true **** are tempted by it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little bit of joy in his heart.

The chance that even the great powers of the mid-term True God are tempted is definitely a big chance.

That is definitely a big opportunity for him and the few messengers under his command!

Even better, he already had three Holy Land Passes in his hand.

The gold points have also reached 18 points, and they will soon be able to collect 20 points. At that time, they can exchange for a pass.

If he wins this third round of hegemony and becomes a star master candidate, he can also get a pass reward.

By then, he was using the bonus doubler card, which was two.

In this way, he can get at least six tokens, which is enough for him and Feng Xi and others to use.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was actually looking forward to it.

At the same time, the reincarnation ancestor and others continued to discuss.

I saw the reincarnation ancestor said: "Brother Suiyue, what you said is indeed the truth! Otherwise, the three of us joined forces to kill Qin Feng's child. If he has three passes on him, each of us will share one. "

"If there are only two pass orders on him, then Brother Suiyue and Brother Wuwang will have one for each place, and the old man will not want it. Of course, the other treasures on this boy's body will be divided equally among the three of us!"

As soon as this proposal came out, the eyes of the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuwang lit up.

Immediately, the Wuhuang Patriarch laughed and said, "This method is great!"

The old ancestor also said: "The old man also agrees! By the way, old friend of reincarnation, if this kid really only has two pieces on his body, then you will suffer a big loss!"

The reincarnation ancestor smiled: "If this is the case, even if the old man is unlucky. However, the old man is 90% sure that he has three tokens on him!"

The old ancestor of the years said with a smile: "Okay! If you can think this way, it would be better. However, the words are useless. The three of us will sign a cooperation contract first. After killing this kid, we will share his treasure! The battle process Don't sneak attack on each other!"

The reincarnation ancestor was overjoyed: "This old man has exactly this intention!"

Immediately, he waved his hand and took out a contract scroll from the storage ring.

In order to deal with Qin Feng, the ancestors of reincarnation have already sacrificed themselves, and would rather sign some unequal contracts!

Similarly, the old ancestors of the years are also wary of him.

In order to cooperate wholeheartedly, the two parties decided to sign a cooperation contract.

Seeing this scene, Jinyu and others were overjoyed!

One by one with twinkling eyes.

Looks like they see hope again!

In their opinion, the three ancestors joined forces, and Qin Feng is dead this time!

On the other side, Qin Feng was a little speechless.

These three old monsters really didn't take him seriously, and they actually talked about cooperation in front of him, and how to divide up his treasure...

However, he was not in a hurry.

He also wanted to delay some time.

Otherwise, in his current state, even if he starts, he can't do anything to these three old monsters, let alone kill the reincarnation ancestor.

However, he also has trump cards!

That is Di Jiang is about to be born!

As long as the little guy is born, he will not only get a large amount of combat power to sacrifice, but also open the vocation skill - six prisons to control the sky!

At that time, his strength will skyrocket greatly, and it is not impossible to kill the ancestor of Samsara in one fell swoop.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart became a little hot.

But these still take some time, and Di Jiang is about an hour or two away from hatching.

Of course, that refers to time in zero-degree space.

For the outside world, that is about ten minutes.

So, he wants to delay as much as possible.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng did nothing.

The two main bodies and the three clones silently watched the three old monsters deal with the contract.

Jinyu, Heiyi, and the old lady Baihe were also surprised.

"Everyone, why doesn't that kid keep moving? He clearly saw that our master is going to join forces with people and sign a contract. He doesn't say anything to stop it, and he doesn't interrupt, it's really weird!"

Jinyu couldn't help but muttered.

The old woman Baihe snickered: "Look at the old man, this kid may be scared and stupid! The old man thinks so too! After all, the three true gods are about to join forces in the middle stage, who can resist?!"

Black Wing also echoed: "Yeah! What's more, Senior Years and Senior Wuwang have extraordinary means, not comparable to the middle stage of ordinary True God! Everyone wait and see, this kid is about to suffer bad luck!"

The tone of the old lady Baihe and Heiyi were both gloating.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Among the messengers, they hated Qin Feng the most.

The whispers of these guys naturally cannot escape Qin Feng's eavesdropping.

He smiled coldly in his heart!

After he kills the ancestor of Samsara, it will be the death of these ten guys.

Now, he is waiting for Di Jiang to be born

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in the secret room of cultivation.

Feng Xi's three daughters and Jumang sat cross-legged, and the four of them were a little worried about the battle outside.

However, they did not dare to ask more, for fear of disturbing Qin Feng.

At this moment, after the fission body has finished adding points, it is taking stock of the spoils of killing the ancestor of Beiming.

This is also a way to increase strength.

As soon as the fission body beckoned, he took out a silver armor from the storage ring.

I saw that battle armor, mighty and domineering, exuding eleven rays of brilliance.

[Cold Sky Battle Armor: Low Grade God Rank]

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, it can feed back the combat power of 200,000 stars]

[Reminder: This **** armor needs to master the S-level extreme cold law before it can be recognized as the main refining. 】

Seeing this, the fission body showed joy.

So far, the air-splitting armor that Qin Feng wears is only the ninth-rank top-quality armor.

This Cold Sky Battle Armor is much stronger than the Split Air Battle Armor.

If he refines it, his strength can be improved a lot.