Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In fact, Qin Feng has a space-time **** armor that is at the peak of the mid-grade **** rank.

To refine the space-time **** armor, you need to master the SS-level space-time laws.

He can't refine yet!

By the way, refining this cold weather armor also requires an S-level talent - the law of extreme cold.

This talent, he has not mastered it!

How to refine it?

Thinking of this, the fission body wants to be a little worried.

The S-class extreme cold law is alienated from the A-class water law.

Just like the S-level extreme wind law, it is alienated from the A-level wind law.

Before, Qin Feng integrated the Ancestral Talisman of Wind to promote his Law of Wind to S-level Extreme Wind Law.

But he doesn't have any Ice Ancestor Talisman now, so he needs to upgrade the Law of Extreme Cold!

correct!

The fission body's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something, he took out a corpse from the storage ring.

That is the wreckage of the ancestor of Beiming.

Before, when robbing treasures, the two main bodies robbed those artifacts and storage rings, but also did not forget to grab some wreckage.

At the moment, the fission body is going forward to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired an S-rank talent - the law of extreme cold! 】

[Congratulations on your A-level Law of Water, which has been automatically promoted to S-level Extreme Cold Law! 】

Sure enough!

Fission body surprises!

Since the ancestor of Beiming can wear the cold sky armor, he must have the S-level extreme cold law.

As a result, Qin Feng got another S-level talent, and his comprehensive strength increased by one point.

This is exactly what Qin Feng needs most now!

At the moment, the fission body continues to be extracted…

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired 10,000 Agility Attributes]

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired 10,000 physical attributes]

Extraction is complete!

Get another 20,000 attribute points!

What a nice catch!

With a wave of the fission body, it turned the wreckage into ashes.

Then, with a flash of white light on his body, it split into two, splitting into two fission bodies.

One of the fission variants picked up the Cold Sky Battle Armor and went to the side to refine it.

Refining such a low-grade artifact takes up to half an hour.

Converted to outside time, it is only three minutes!

When he refines the Cold Sky Battle Armor, Qin Feng will be able to replace the Air Splitting Battle Armor and increase his strength again.

For the current Qin Feng, improving his strength is his urgent need.

Only in this way can he kill the three old monsters of Samsara, Years, and Wuwang in the next battle!

After dealing with the Cold Sky Battle Armor, the fission body took out a pair of silver boots from the storage ring.

I saw that the boots, the workmanship is extremely delicate, the sun, moon and stars are engraved on it, and there are seven divine patterns, emitting twelve brilliance!

[Iceland God Boots: Middle Grade God Rank]

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, the combat power of 400,000 stars can be fed back]

[Reminder: These boots need to master the S-level Destruction Law, the S-level Killing Dao Law, and the S-level Extreme Cold Law before they can be refined]

Seeing this, the fission body smiled.

He has met all the refining conditions.

What's even better is that this is a mid-grade artifact, and its back-feeding combat power reaches 400,000 stars, which is even more powerful.

Having said that, boots are more rare than armors.

Qin Feng doesn't even have a ninth-order boot equipment, let alone an artifact-type boot equipment!

This gain made him very satisfied.

Immediately, he was divided into two and became two fission bodies.

One of the fission variants took the ice domain **** boots aside to refine it.

It usually takes about an hour to refine such a mid-grade artifact.

Change it to outside time, which is 6 minutes.

This pair of Qin Feng's next battle will be replaced in time.

After processing the ice domain **** boots, the fission body took out a silver long spear from the storage, and it also emitted twelve rays of brilliance.

[Iceland Spear: Middle Grade God Rank]

[Reminder: In the state of human-machine integration, the combat power of 400,000 stars can be fed back]

[Reminder: This gun needs to master the S-level Destruction Law, the S-level Killing Dao Law, and the S-level Extreme Cold Law before it can be refined]

[Reminder: This object evolved from the Suppressing Heaven Artifact]

Seeing this, the fission body showed great joy again.

The Jue Xing Sword that Qin Feng is using now is still a low-grade artifact.

If this magic spear is used to replace it, his overall strength can be greatly improved.

At this thought, the fission body became hot.

The harvest of killing the ancestors of Beiming is really rich!

If these three artifacts are refined, he will be even more confident in defeating the alliance of the three ancestors of Samsara.

Having said that, this information hints that the Ice Domain Magical Spear evolved from the Heaven-suppressing Artifact.

That Beiming ancestor was also a star master candidate, so he obtained the permanent right to hold the sacred artifact.

The Suppressing Heavenly Artifact that has obtained permanent ownership will lose the characteristics of various forms of change, and will also lose the function of resurrecting the host.

It will be permanently shaped into a certain form according to the owner's needs.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The form of the artifact that the ancestors of Beiming needed was this ice-field magic spear.

In fact, after this change, the power of the Heaven-Suppressing Artifact has been weakened.

If the power of the Suppressing Heaven Artifact is not weakened and its form is not solidified, only the true Star Master has such authority.

Heaven Suppression Artifact is not an ordinary artifact!

It can devour evolution!

Having said that, in the hands of Yuanchu and Taishi, there is a divine artifact in each of them.

If Qin Feng kills these two people and seizes their Heavenly Suppressing Artifact, Tiandao will give three minutes of refining time.

As long as Qin Feng can refine their anti-sky artifact within three minutes, he can fuse with his own divine artifact.

Maybe, the combination of three heaven-suppressing artifacts can reach the level of high-grade artifacts.

With this thought, the fission body's heart is hot!

However, refining a Heavenly Suppressing Artifact within three minutes is too difficult.

He still doesn't know, can he do it himself?

Of course, these are all things later, and he doesn't have to think about it now.

Thinking of this, the fission body was divided into two again, and it became two fission bodies.

Afterwards, one of them picked up the ice spear and went to the side to refine it.

The remaining fission body took out another storage ring.

This is also the last treasure in this inventory.

The fission body picked up the storage ring and looked inside.

boom!

Seeing this, he was shocked and his face was full of ecstasy!

Ha ha!

Big money this time!

There is such a treasure in the storage ring of the ancestor of Beiming.

In the next second, the fission body took out a white spirit egg that was one person tall from the storage ring.

As soon as the spirit egg appeared, the white aura emanating from the whole body illuminated the entire secret room!

This suddenly alarmed Feng Xi's three daughters and Xiaojumang.

The four of them looked over

I saw that the spirit egg was all white, with eleven brilliance, and there were several innate divine patterns on the eggshell, and the breath was extraordinary.

[Gonggong Spirit Egg: The pinnacle of lower-level gods, water attributes. 】

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, it can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and it is loyal to the owner. 】

boom!

After reading this information, Feng Xi's three girls were pleasantly surprised.

Xiaojumang is even more happy!

The little guy realized that he wanted another partner.

The fission body is also full of smiles, and the heart is very happy.

Among the god-level items of the same rank, the battle pet spirit eggs are the most precious.

Don't look at this spirit egg, which is only at the peak of the low-grade **** rank, but it is the most precious treasure of the ancestor of Beiming.

What's even better is that Qin Feng's blood essence rank is very high, which can allow him to quickly evolve to a mid-rank **** rank.

Thinking of this, the fission body is extremely satisfied!

Qin Feng has been worried, and the ten envoys under his command are not together.

Now, one more

Chapter 623 The blood of the gods! Continuous evolution!

"Dad! Dad! I want more brothers!"

At this moment, Jumang's tender voice sounded.

The little guy looked extremely excited, and actually got up from the meditation and walked to the Gonggong Spirit Egg.

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue also came over excitedly.

Although they are in a sacrificial state, this small-scale action is not affected.

"Little guy, how do you know that this spirit egg is a younger brother, not a younger sister?"

The fission body looked at Xiaojumang with a doting face.

This battle pet spirit egg has not hatched yet, and it is generally impossible to distinguish male and female.

"Dad, I rely on feeling!"