Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It is a continuous evolution!

Fission body rejoice!

The pinnacle of the middle-grade **** rank!

If this is to be hatched successfully, the mature stage will directly target the peak of the true **** to the limit of the true god, and it is extremely powerful!

This little guy is now on the same level as Dijiang Spirit Egg!

Fission body is extremely satisfied!

Jumang and Xiaoluan'er even cheered.

"Wow! Dad! Dad! The younger brother has evolved again!"

"Hee hee! Dad, this younger brother is as strong as younger brother Di Jiang! In the future, you will have another very powerful messenger."

Feng Xi also smiled and said: "Congratulations to the master! Congratulations to the master! If this Gonggong is born, your overall strength will be greatly improved!"

The fission body laughed without saying a word, and was very happy inside!

hum! hum! hum!

After a while, the Gonggong Spirit Egg was advanced, exuding an excited mental vibration, expressing joy to the fission body.

Qin Feng smiled and reassured him, letting him slowly fall asleep.

After doing this, he waved his hand, and the spirit egg disappeared in place, and was transported to another secret room by him.

"Okay! The spirit egg thing is over! By the way, there are still some medicinal pills here, which are useless to me, but are of great use to the four of you!"

As soon as the voice fell, the fission body took out hundreds of medicinal pills from the storage ring of the ancestor of Beiming, all of which were eighth-order and ninth-order elixir.

With Qin Feng's current strength, the eighth- and ninth-order pills are no longer helpful to him.

00

Only the spirit pills above the demigod rank have some effect on him.

After taking out the medicinal pill, the fission body was assigned to the three daughters of Jumang and Fengxi.

"Thank you master!"

"Thank you dad!"

"Dad, you are so nice!"

The four of them are very happy!

Afterwards, Fengxi's three daughters and Jumang came to the side and began refining the medicinal pills.

In the sacrificial state, it does not affect their refining of medicinal pills.

The fission body also showed a relieved smile.

He secretly thought that after refining these medicinal herbs, it would greatly help Feng Xi and the four to improve their combat power.

And after the strength of the four of them is improved, the feedback for his combat power will also be more!

In short, the inventory has been processed.

Next, he has one last thing to do.

As soon as his mind moved, the fission body took out five 'Noble God Cards' from the storage ring.

He was about to award five subordinates with titles and began to raise Longyuan to level 11.

After this upgrade, Long Yuan will greatly increase his strength!

Thinking of this, he picked up the first **** card

At the same time, something is happening outside.

Twenty minutes have passed in the zero-degree space, and only two minutes have passed outside.

At this moment, the ancestors of Samsara, the ancestors of the years, and the ancestors of Wuwang have signed the cooperation contract.

Seeing this scene, Jinyu and the others breathed a sigh of relief.

The contract has been signed!

Now the master and the two ancestors can cooperate with confidence!

Next, Qin Feng will be unlucky!

Thinking of this, Jin Yu and others gloated to look at Qin Feng's two main bodies and three clones.

At the same time, the old ancestor of the years also looked at Qin Feng's body and avatar.

"Boy! You're really weird! This old man cooperated with fellow Taoist Samsara. You didn't say anything to stop it, and you didn't try to stop it. You just watched the show. What do you want?"

Years are curious to inquire.

Qin Feng's abnormal behavior made him very puzzled.

He is a suspicious person, and he always wants to find out the answer to some suspicious places first.

Qin Feng's two main bodies all sneered and did not answer.

The old ancestor of the years could not help frowning.

This kid is really arrogant!

"Daoist Friends of the Years, this kid is not delaying time by doing this?"

Ancestor Wuwang muttered.

However, he guessed the answer.

Qin Feng was just delaying time, so he didn't do anything.

Otherwise, as soon as he made a move, the two sides would have already started fighting.

He can't guarantee that he can deal with the alliance of the three old monsters alone.

That being the case, he might as well delay for a while.

Buy some time for his fission and Dijiang.

In short, the later the fight is, the better it will be for him!

Because if it is later, his strength will skyrocket, but the strength of the three ancestors of Samsara will not increase!

"Fellow Daoist, if you say that, it seems to be the case. It seems that we have to hurry up! This kid must be doing something weird!"

Speaking of this, the old ancestors of the years are also a little worried.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The reincarnation ancestor also said: "Yeah! This kid is really weird! When the old man fights with him, he always gets stronger and stronger, which is very incredible!"

Hearing this, Old Ancestor Sui Er and Old Ancestor Wuwang looked at each other with horror in their eyes.

Then, the old ancestor of the years took a deep breath and said: "Two, let's do it!"

As soon as the voice fell, the three of them were about to shoot!

Boom!

But at this moment, the void vibrated!

Another announcement resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm!

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The fifth division "Wu Zhuang Guan" has all joined the "Long Yuan City", and the Wu Zhuang Guan has been successfully merged into Long Yuan City! 】

[The number of forces in the red camp has changed, the current number of forces: 2]

boom!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Blue Star Realm was in an uproar!

Looking at the map again, the big red light spot representing the old nest of Wuzhuangguan disappeared.

At the same time, the small red light spot representing 'Qingchengzi' also disappeared.

On the map, only Longyuan's old nest and Tiance clan's nest, two big red spots of light are still there.

And, the red dots representing Qin Feng and Yu Xuanji are still on the map

At the same time, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Longyuan Announcement: Wuzhuangguan was successfully merged into Longyuan City, and the population of Longyuan City increased to 51,000]

[Longyuan Announcement: Wuzhuangguan was successfully merged into Longyuan City, and the number of sites in Longyuan City increased to 336]

Hearing the news, Qin Feng was overjoyed!

The successful merger of Wuzhuangguan has not only increased the population of Longyuan, but also increased 29 sites. This is a great thing he did not expect!

It turns out that Wuzhuangguan is a challenging force and can develop multiple sites.

At this point, those mysterious forces are incomparable,

Today, Wuzhuangguan has been incorporated into Longyuan City, and its territory is naturally owned by Longyuan City.

Not only Qin Feng was excited about this huge change.

Long Yuan was also overjoyed.

This also made Qin Feng instantly think of Guangming Town!

That Guangming Town is also a challenging force, and its subordinates must also have multiple sites.

To capture it, the number of sites obtained is much more than those mysterious forces.

That will be of great help to the next upgrade of Longyuan City.

Chapter 624: Heavenly Books are all out! Break the game!

After the announcement was over, the old ancestors of the years and others also reacted.

Three face to face!

Jinyu and the others also frowned slightly.

Afterwards, everyone turned to look at Qin Feng's body and avatar.

"Boy, you have a lot of tricks!"

The old ancestor of the years sneered.

"Oh! The old man said, why are you the only one in your old nest. Now it seems that you have all been sent to several other competition areas. Boy, it seems that you have a lot of ambitions!"

The reincarnation ancestor also echoed.

Anyone with discerning eyes can see that the incorporation of Wuzhuangguan into Longyuan City will make Longyuan City even stronger!

This is not what the Old Ancestor of the Years and the Old Ancestor of Reincarnation want to see.

They are all powerful people, so I don't want a force stronger than them to appear in this Blue Star Realm.

"By the way, Brother Suiyue, this kid has sent all his subordinates. His people have appeared in the second, third, fourth, and fifth divisions. Will there be him in the sixth division? people?"

The reincarnation ancestor suddenly thought of this key question.

The face of the old ancestor of the years changed slightly!

It does!

Qin Feng even sent people to those competition areas, and it is impossible not to send people to the sixth competition area!

What's more, in the sixth division, there is also the red faction faction - the Tiance Clan!

Now, the Ce Clan was about to be besieged by the blue and green camps that day, and Qin Feng could not just sit back and ignore it.

He should have sent someone to rescue him long ago!

Thinking of this, the old ancestor of the years became uneasy.

The sixth division has his son - Taishi! "Two Eight Seven"

It would be bad if something happened to his son.

In addition, if Taishi died in battle, it would mean that the green team had failed.

This third round of hegemony is to select one person from several leaders of the Suppressing Heaven to be the star master candidate.

If Taishi died, and if the leader of the Suppressing Heaven faction of the green camp fell, the green camp would no longer have the possibility of winning.