Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Therefore, Taishi must not have an accident!

Thinking of this, the old ancestor of the years took a deep breath: "Brother Samsara, the old man suddenly thinks, have we been caught in a trick?"

Hearing this, Old Ancestor Samsara suddenly thought of something, and his face changed slightly.

It seems so!

It should be Qin Feng's child, who used this old nest and his own red light spots to attract him and the old ancestors of the years.

And this kid's clone took his subordinates to attack other divisions.

Maybe, the sixth division also has the powerful forces of Longyuan City.

Thinking of this, the reincarnation ancestor was also uneasy.

Even Jinyu and others looked at each other face to face, and their hearts were not good.

After seeing Qin Feng's strength with their own eyes, these people no longer dare to despise Qin Feng and Long Yuancheng!

And the facts are in front of you!

Longyuan City has successively destroyed more than 20 forces from the two camps.

They couldn't be more careless!

At the moment, the reincarnation ancestor said: "Brother years, it seems that the cooperation between us will continue. It can't be just you and me. You and I have to cooperate!"

"Brother Samsara, what do you mean?"

"You and I inform Yuanchu and Taishi, and let them join hands to deal with the Tiance Clan! The old man is worried about what's going on here!"

"The old man has exactly this intention!"

The two hit it off immediately!

As soon as the voice fell, the two of them each took out a thousand-mile communication talisman and activated it with a drop of blood.

Om~! Om~!

With two clear beeps!

The two jade talismans turned into two streams of light, and flew towards the sixth division. The speed was as fast as the speed of light, and it was difficult for even the master gods to catch up.

It turns out that above the real **** realm, is the main **** realm.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's body and avatar all frowned.

After all, the green team and the blue team have joined forces!

However, he is not worried!

The Moon Spirit clone has arrived near the Tiance Clan.

As soon as the Moon Spirit clone arrives, it means that the Long Yuan army has arrived.

Having said that, he also procrastinated a lot of time.

Counting the time when Di Jiang was born, it should only be three minutes.

Three minutes!

This time is very short!

As soon as Di Jiang is born, he will give these three old monsters a great surprise!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was actually looking forward to it.

It was at this moment that the voice of Wuwang Ancestor sounded in the field.

"You two, don't delay any longer!"

Ancestor Wuwang's tone was a little anxious.

He can also see that Qin Feng's body and avatar have been watching, just delaying time.

Although he couldn't understand Qin Feng's intentions, he also realized that he couldn't delay any longer.

"Daoist is right!"

The reincarnation ancestor also nodded slightly.

Then, he looked at Qin Feng with a gloomy face.

The atmosphere in the field was instantly tense!

Jinyu and others held their breath and watched nervously.

They know that the war is about to begin!

"Little thief! Next, let the three old men take you on the road!"

As soon as the voice fell, the reincarnation ancestor turned the palm of his hand, and a magical book page floated above the palm of his hand!

As soon as the page appeared, it shone for thousands of miles, exuding an amazing aura!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Everyone looked at each other.....

Both the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuwang showed surprise.

In the next second, surprise appeared in the eyes of the two of them.

The wonders of heaven and earth of the middle grade **** rank!

Its value far exceeds the mid-grade artifact!

This is the first time they know that the reincarnation ancestor has such a treasure, which has never been announced before!

This should be the biggest trump card of the reincarnation ancestor!

This time, the ancestor of reincarnation did not hesitate to expose the biggest trump card in front of them for Qin Feng's opponent.

At the same time, Qin Feng's two main bodies also quickly looked at...

[The Book of Gods in the Present World (Part 2): Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

Seeing this, the eyes of the two main bodies lit up and smiled.

This guy finally came up with the God Page.

The two main bodies have been waiting for a long time!

This **** page is one of the treasures Qin Feng wants.

Om~!

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor thought a move!

The **** page flew into the air, rose against the wind, and in a blink of an eye, it became huge, covering the sky and the sun, and the momentum was astonishing!

The two main bodies are about to act, and the white-haired ancestor even pinched a seal.

"Little thief! Come in!"

Om~!

Suddenly, the spiritual light of the divine page was released, and it produced an irresistible swallowing force on Qin Feng's two main bodies.

huh~! huh~!

In just an instant, the extremely positive body and the extremely negative body were swallowed into the divine page!

Seeing this scene, the ancestors of the years and the ancestors were amazed!

Jinyu and others are even more happy.

They know very well that the master's **** page is extremely powerful.

Qin Feng's two main bodies were sucked into the **** page, and he was about to have bad luck.

With this thought, Jin Yu, the old woman Baihe and others once again showed gloating colors.

At this time, the ancestors of the years were surprised: "Brother Samsara, how did Qin Feng's two main bodies get sucked into this mysterious page?!"

Ancestor Samsara smiled proudly: "Brother years, it's true! This is one of the old man's cards. Soon, you can see a good show!"

Boom~Long~Long~!

All the way through the voice, the next page of the divine book in the air vibrated violently.

In just a moment, it transformed into a world projection with a radius of 10,000 miles, suspended above the sky.

In that world, the sun and the moon are in the sky, the sky is full of white clouds, and the clouds are lingering, like a scene above the sky, like a fairyland.

But if you look closely, you will feel that the world is unreal, like a mirage, looming and projected on the sky.

At this moment, in that somewhat illusory world, Qin Feng's two avatars are standing above the clouds, as if waiting for the entrance of the reincarnation ancestor and others.

Seeing this scene, the ancestors of the years and the ancestors were even more surprised.

"Brother Samsara, it turns out that your book page can be transformed into a projection world. Just don't worry, will that kid break out of the world?"

The old ancestor of the years continued to inquire.

Ancestor Samsara smiled proudly: "Brother Suiyue, I use this heavenly book world to trap people, but it is first-class. Without the consent of the old man's mind, that kid can't come out."

"Unless he has the strength of the threshold of the main god, it is possible to break out of the world...otherwise, he will never think of breaking out of the world!"

Lord God threshold? !

The old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuwang were horrified.

The realm above the true **** is the level of the main god.

That is their incomparable awe of existence.

The higher the level of cultivation, the greater the gap in strength.

For example, it is not too unusual to challenge the heaven-level realm by leaping from the earth-level realm.

It is almost impossible for the True God Realm to challenge the Main God Realm by leaps and bounds. The gap is simply too great.

At this time, the reincarnation ancestor said again: "Brother years, to be honest, this old man can not only trap people in this heavenly book world, but also restrain the opponent's time talent, making the opponent's time talent invalid."

"At the same time, the world will also give me time talent! This is exactly the difference between one and the other, and it can be used infinitely! Of course, it is under my control and has no effect on the time talent of fellow Daoists!"

Hearing this, the face of the old ancestor of the years changed slightly, and his heart was stunned.

At this moment, he guessed.

The reincarnation ancestor originally wanted to use this heavenly book world to deal with him, just to restrain his time talent.

It's just that the reincarnation ancestor didn't expect that Qin Feng would be so strong, so he chose to cooperate with him.

Thinking of this, the old ancestors of the years were actually a little fortunate.

If he hadn't cooperated with Old Ancestor Samsara, I'm afraid he would have been restrained by Old Ancestor Samsara.

At that time, winning or losing is unpredictable!

At this time, the ancestor Wuwang said happily: "Friend Samsara, your heavenly book world is so amazing! The old man was still thinking that this Qin Feng thief has a talent for time, I'm afraid it will be difficult to deal with."

"It's alright now, in this world of heavenly books, you have abolished that kid's time talent. It will be easier for us to kill him. By the way, why don't you inhale the three avatars of that kid into this world of heavenly books as well. ?"

Ancestor Samsara proudly said: "This Heavenly Book World has the effect of isolation! The old man sucked in the two main bodies of that kid, and his clone can't help each other, which is equivalent to abolishing three powerful helpers!"

Ancestor Wuwang was overjoyed: "This method is wonderful!"

But these words just fell, and the mutation suddenly occurred!

Om~!

I saw not far away, the phantom avatar turned over the palm, and a magical book page appeared above the palm!

As soon as the page appeared, it was equally radiant and breath-taking!

Before everyone could react, the pages of the book rose against the wind and became huge, covering the sky and the sun!

In the next second, it burst into light, producing an irresistible force of swallowing against the Wuwang Ancestor.

huh~!

In just a split second, Wuwang Old Ancestor was swallowed into the divine page. 2.6

The old ancestors of the years, Jinyu and others were dumbfounded!

"Damn!"

The reincarnation ancestor was shocked and angry!