Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

He recognized at a glance that the mirage avatar was the first page of the book of the world.

At the same time, he felt that something was wrong, and hurriedly activated the next page of the divine book.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

White light flashes!

In just an instant, the ancestors of reincarnation, the ancestors of the years, and the ten Jinyu people were all sucked into the next page of the divine book.

On the other side, the Mirage clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone entered the first page of the Divine Book.

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor is extremely depressed!

He originally thought to use the Heavenly Book World function on the next page of the Divine Book to isolate Qin Feng's body from his clone!

He then joined hands with the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of Wuwang to besiege Qin Feng's body and kill it.

As long as Qin Feng dies, his clone will collapse automatically, and he doesn't need to pay attention at all.

But he didn't want to, Qin Feng also used the pages of the divine book to break their alliance and turned the battlefield into two places.

One is that he and the old ancestor of the years faced the two main bodies of Qin Feng.

One is that the three avatars face the ancestors without delusion.

As a result, it is much more difficult for him to kill Qin Feng!

Old Ancestor Samsara didn't know, the result would be worse than he thought!

Ancestor Wuwang is famous for his spatial talent!

And the first page of the divine book is to restrain space talent.

This is the real reason why the phantom avatar will choose the ancestor of the arrogant ......

Chapter 625 Space Suppression! Unreservedly hurt!

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking move!

The first page of Qin Feng's divine book also turned into a heavenly book world, suspended above the floating city.

That world has mountains and water, flowers and trees, mountains and streams, desert oases.

The world of the celestial book transformed from the first page of the divine book and the second page of the divine book is obviously different.

The world on the previous page is the world on earth, without the sun, moon and stars.

The world on the next page is the world of the sky, with both the sun and the moon hanging high, and the stars twinkling.

At this time, in the world on the previous page.

Qin Feng's three avatars faced off against Wuwang's ancestors.

The Wuwang Old Ancestor was still a little stunned.

At this moment, he looked around at this strange world.

Soon, he saw the floating city outside the world, but he did not see the heavenly book world sacrificed by the reincarnation ancestor.

It turned out that in the outside world, two heavenly book worlds could be seen floating in the air.

Similarly, people in the Heavenly Book World can also see the outside world.

What makes people strange is that the people in the two heavenly book worlds can't see each other.

To put it simply, Wuwang Ancestor cannot see another Heavenly Book World.

In the same way, the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years could not see the world of heavenly books sacrificed by the phantom avatar.

They don't even know what happened in both worlds.

But this is nothing to Qin Feng.

Qin Feng and his avatar are all concentric.

The sight that the clone saw was equivalent to what he saw too.

In other words, what Qin Feng sees, the clone can also know at the same time.

This means that Qin Feng can know things in both worlds at the same time.

After watching it for a while, Wuwang Ancestor couldn't find another Heavenly Book World, so he had to withdraw his gaze and look at the Mirage clone.

"What the **** is this place?"

Ancestor Wuwang asked in a cold voice.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The corners of the phantom avatar's mouth twitched slightly: "Before, haven't you seen the world sacrificed by the ancestors of Samsara?!"

Ancestor Wuwang suddenly said: "As expected! This old man is surprised, how the **** page you sacrificed before is so similar to the ancestor of reincarnation!"

"However, you are really stupid! Isn't your world restraining time talent? If you bring in the old ancestor of the years, it will be the greatest restraint for him. This old man has no time talent, so you are really stupid to bring this old man in. Absolutely!"

The tone of Wuwang Ancestor is full of ridicule!

These words made the three avatars speechless!

This old man is so self-righteous!

He clearly knew a little, but 07 seemed to know everything.

The phantom avatar was too lazy to talk nonsense with him, and only thought about it.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the book world was shaking!

The power of countless worlds madly poured into the three bodies.

The momentum of the three avatars suddenly soared all the way, and in the blink of an eye, they soared by 400,000 stars!

This is the wonderful thing about the pages of the divine book, which can benefit all avatars, unlike those artifacts.

Once the power of this world was fused, the three avatars sacrificed the Hell Spear, Star Trap Sword, and Star Killer Sword respectively.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

In just an instant, the three avatars completed the integration of human and machine, and the momentum skyrocketed again!

Seeing this scene, Wuwang Ancestor's expression changed slightly.

He knew that the three avatars were going to do it.

He burst out laughing!

"Haha! Qin Feng's child! You are the ancestor of Beiming? You want to fight with the old man?"

Ancestor Wuwang's tone was disdainful.

Before, Qin Feng was able to suppress the ancestors of reincarnation, that is, relying on the two main bodies and three avatars to join forces.

Now, only three clones want to deal with him.

This made the ancestor Wuwang feel that he was despised, and he was extremely annoyed.

He is the top boss of the Blue Star Realm, and he is arrogant, so how could he look at the three clones of a junior.

Of course, he has never played against Qin Feng, and he cannot understand the huge predicament before the reincarnation ancestor.

Up to now, he still underestimates Qin Feng!

After all, a new challenger can be so powerful, even if you want to accept this fact, there must be a psychological process.

However, the Wuwang Ancestor was not careless.

As soon as he finished speaking, he waved his hand and summoned three artifacts.

A golden long knife, a golden armor, and a golden glove.

The golden gloves and golden battle armor exude eleven rays of brilliance, all of which are inferior artifacts.

The golden long knife, surrounded by violent electric light, has twelve rays of brilliance, exuding the aura of destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

That was actually a mid-grade artifact!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The next second, Wuwang Ancestor waved his hand and put on three artifacts.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, his momentum skyrocketed!

With the help of those three artifacts, his combat power and momentum suddenly reached the threshold of the pinnacle of the true god!

This Wuwang Ancestor is indeed much stronger than Beiming Old Ancestor!

Sure enough, there is pride in the capital!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At this moment, the three clones of Mirage, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit teleported to the sky above his head!

Swish~! Swish~!

Boom~!

Two swords and one shot, at the same time bombarded and killed the Wuwang ancestors!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At that moment, the Star Trapping Sword, the Killing Star Sword, and the Hell Spear all lit up with golden light from the sky, and the momentum was connected to the sky and the ground, which was extremely amazing!

"Haha! Just in time!"

Ancestor Wuwang laughed loudly and raised his sword to attack!

Boom~!

Slash that knife!

The world trembled, the wind and clouds changed color!

At this moment, Wuwang Ancestor was surrounded by violent blue lightning!

Those thunder and lightning exude the momentum of destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

Wherever the electric light passed, the space was shattered, leaving only black cracks!

It turns out that Wuwang Ancestor is best at manipulating space and lightning!

That long knife is even a mid-grade artifact - Thor's Blade!

In addition, the golden gloves are called Crazy Thunder Gloves, and they are a matching low-grade artifact with the Thunder God's Blade.

The superimposed use of the two artifacts can bring out the power of the peak of the middle-grade god-level!

What's even better is that the ancestors of Wuwang also mastered the S-level killing law, the S-level destruction law, the S-level opening law, and the S-level extreme thunder law, all of which are offensive S-level laws.

This makes his attack power much higher than his own defense and speed.

In other words, what he is best at is attacking!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The Wuwang Ancestor smashed away!

Ha ha!

This arrogant Qin Feng child!

He wants to fly these three avatars with one knife, so that Qin Feng can see his strength!

At this moment, Wuwang Ancestor's face is full of grins!

He is extremely confident in his own attack!

What's more, this is a knife he made with all his strength!

In his opinion, he can definitely fly three clones with one knife!

At the same moment, the Mirage clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone also bombarded with all their strength.

Not long ago, Qin Feng got 200 million attributes after killing the ancestor of Beiming.