Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 80 Lost reappears, the sky is shaking!

hazy night...

Under the old tree, the bonfire curls.

On the shelf, the two bear paws were roasted to such an extent that the flesh was golden brown.

The smell of meat wafted in the air.

Qin Feng sat leisurely by the bonfire, holding a bamboo tube and drinking hot tea.

In this world full of crisis, everyone must learn to survive.

In Qin Feng's storage ring, there are a lot of self-provided daily necessities, including some clean water.

He took a sip of the hot tea.

Tea into the throat, suddenly feel relieved, very comfortable.

After two days and one night of killing, even if he was as strong as Qin Feng, he still felt a little tired.

At this moment, it is very necessary to drink some hot tea and eat some barbecued meat.

So fragrant!

Qin Feng gently sniffed the aroma of meat.

The bear's paw has been baked to the fire!

He couldn't help but have a big appetite, took off a bear paw, devoured it, and ate it beautifully...

Half an hour later, Qin Feng was full of tea and food.

Two bear paws and three cups of hot water brought his physical strength and energy back to a new peak.

Everything is ready!

Just wait for the lost village to come.

He picked up a cigarette and took a sip.

By the way, it's time to buy the corpses of level 8 and level 9 beasts.

Thinking of this, he opened the trading channel and took out more than thirty Tier 0 novice knives from it.

These are all bought by him with barbecue.

However, the barbecue business will not need to be done in the future.

Today, the lowest level 06, such as the 911 village, has level 3.

Liu Xuan reached level 7.

Longshan, Wu Yong, Gu Ming, Lei Jue and more than a dozen people have all risen to level 6.

There are nearly seventy people who have risen to level 5.

The overall strength of 911 Village has improved greatly.

As the strength increases, everyone has more means.

More and more people can make things like barbecue on their own.

There is no need to continue.

However, the market for first-order steel knives is still hot.

Because only Qin Feng can get it out.

For level 3, 4, and 5 beginners, the first-order steel knife is exactly what they need.

Before long, Qin Feng refined more than 30 novice short knives into novice steel knives.

After doing this, he entered the chat channel.

At this moment, the chat is hot on the channel.

Everyone's strength has increased, and their energy has become more vigorous, and many people are reluctant to rest.

For Qin Feng, the novice assessment has already been completed, and there is no need to think about it.

But for others, it was a sharp sword hanging over their heads, forcing them not to stay up late to upgrade.

For the sake of life, I can't sleep if I can.

Especially those level 3 ones, they were so anxious that they couldn't sleep at night.

"Brothers, are you all killing monsters there?"

"I'm in the level 6 beast zone!"

"Fuck~! Upstairs, are you level 5?"

"Haha! I'm only level 4. But I opened a bronze treasure chest not long ago, and I got a heaven and earth spirit that can evolve my talents, and my E-level talent has been evolved to D-level. Now, even if I am level 4, I can get better and better. Level 6 kills."

"Wow~! Brother, you are so lucky!"

"Yeah! I'm so envious!"

"Woo! Woo! Little sister is so envious!"

"Hey! It's also level 4, but I can only kill level 5 beasts. My talent level is too low. However, if I can get a few pieces of equipment, maybe I can kill level 6 beasts as well."

After several bets, the people of 911 Village received a lot of attribute rewards, and their strength skyrocketed.

Killing monsters one level higher is normal!

A few talents with D-level talent, or those with good equipment, can kill monsters at two levels.

This made the people in 911 villages upgrade their speed so much.

Qin Feng was quite pleased.

These are all from the Dragon Kingdom, and they are also his future villagers. He naturally hopes that everyone can survive the novice assessment.

"Upstairs, when it comes to equipment, I think of Boss Qin Feng. He has sold out the last batch of steel knives. Why haven't new steel knives been sold yet?"

"Yes! I'm still using a novice short knife, and I'm waiting for the new steel knife from Qin Feng's boss!"

"I have two tier 1 spirit grasses in my hand, and I keep them until the boss of Qin Feng sells the sword!"

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng smiled.

For him, the value of tier 1 spirit grass is definitely higher than that of tier 1 steel knives.

The more spirit grasses are collected, the greater his strength will be improved.

And for these newcomers, they want Tier 1 steel knives more.

Both sides get what they want!

Thinking of this, he spoke.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, buy the corpses of level 8 and 9 beasts, as well as the corpses of mutant beasts, and exchange each corpse for a level 1 steel knife."

Qin Feng: "Purchasing all kinds of spirit grasses and fruit, two first-order spirit grasses for a steel knife, and one first-order spirit fruit for a steel knife.

Qin Feng: "If you buy a novice short knife, you can exchange five novice short knives for one steel knife. In addition, if you have second-order spirit grass and spirit fruit, you can chat privately."

"Hey! It's Boss Qin Feng! Boss Qin Feng has appeared!"

"Finally met Boss Qin Feng! So excited!"

"Great! Boss Qin Feng, I've been waiting for you to sell steel knives!"

"Haha, me too!"

"Brother Qin Feng, it's so late, where are you? Little sister will accompany you in the past, okay?"

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, the channel cheered and everyone was extremely excited.

Today, his prestige in the 911 village is extremely high, and it can be said that he has a lot of responses.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Brothers, the items are all listed on the trading channel. You can trade them yourself if you want."

At this moment, Wu Yong, Lei Jue and others also appeared.

Wu Yong: "Wow! Boss Qin Feng is out! So excited!"

Lei Jue: "Boss Qin Feng, I want to hang out with you, take me with you!"

Qin Feng: "Lei Jue, you are already level 6, do you still need me to take me?"

Lei Jue: "Haha! Boss Qin Feng, let's talk about it, when do you plan to do the task of the village chief?"

As soon as this was mentioned, the whole channel became lively.

"Yes! This task is very important! Boss Qin Feng, you must do it!"

"Yeah! If we don't have a village chief and don't build a village, then we won't be able to face the punisher in five days."

"Hey! The God of Punishment is a powerful man with a hundred stars! Without the guardian formation of the village, we can't resist his test at all. At that time, all our novice wooden houses will be destroyed, and everyone will become refugees. ."

"This is not the most terrible! The most terrible thing is that everyone will be punished by deducting 100 attribute points!"

"Woo~! Woo~! When I thought of being deducted 100 attribute points, the little girl rushed to the point of fear!"

"Don't be afraid of the girls upstairs! We have the boss of Qin Feng!"

"That's right! Boss Qin Feng, you must do that task. Everyone hopes that you can become our village chief."

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng, you must be our village chief!"

At this moment, everyone expressed their ardent expectations for Qin Feng.

It seems that Qin Feng is their only support.

After all, with the current strength and resources of 911 Village. 90% of people can pass the novice assessment.

For most people, what they are most afraid of is the arrival of the punisher in five days.

Therefore, the establishment of an official village has become the most urgent event in 911 Village.

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, you can't keep urging Boss Qin Feng. You know, the introduction of this task is too vague, and no one even knows how to do it."

Liu Yuan: "What we need to do now is to collect useful information for Boss Qin Feng as soon as possible, and help him 903 successfully complete the task!"

Lei Jue: "That makes sense! Everyone, how do you know about this mission?"

"I don't know! It was mentioned in the public mission that we were going to the Lost Village to find clues. But there was no mention of where the Lost Village was!"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Yeah! In the quest reminder, it also said that the dark seal is needed. No one knows how the dark seal came from!"

"Hey! Tiandao always likes to play this set, it's really worrying."

"Yeah! If we keep going like this, we don't know when we will find the route of the mission!"

"The sooner a formal village is established, the better. It's not a good thing to drag on like this. It will weaken the competitiveness of our village."

"Yeah! There are 1000 people in a village and 10 billion people in the world, that is 10 million villages. Everyone must be eager to build a village early."

"Hey! Seeing what you said, I'm so anxious, but I can't help anything."

Seeing everyone's anxious look, Qin Feng also spoke again.

Qin Feng: "Don't worry everyone, I have already found some clues. Maybe, tonight, I will know how to do this task."

As soon as these words fell, the crowd cheered.

"Wow! That's great!"

"Haha!! The boss of Qin Feng is the boss of Qin Feng. We found the clue so quickly."

"I said before that I was worried, but now Qin Feng has found the clue, which is really great!"

"Boss Qin Feng, have you discovered the location of the 'Lost Village'?"

"Boss Qin Feng, where to enter, you still need a dark seal!"

When Qin Feng saw this, he smiled slightly and was about to answer.

Boom~Long~Long!

But at this moment, the side of the ancient tree roared slightly.

He hurriedly turned his head to look, and saw the world shaking, and a looming dilapidated village emerged.