Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the fission body added its attributes, Qin Feng's basic combat power soared to 34.1 million stars.

Plus the power of 1.2 million stars, that's 35.3 million stars!

Of course, this combat power does not include the artifact feedback and the power of sacrifice.

And the combat power of the clone is 80% of the 35.3 million stars, which is about 28.24 million stars.

Coupled with the artifacts in his hand and the 400,000-star back-feeding combat power of the Heavenly Book World, the combat power of the three clones is close to 29 million stars.

Such combat power is only 1 million stars away from the threshold of the true god's peak.

The three avatars joined forces, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Three attacks fell!

Both sides attack and collide!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang!

Thousands of miles around, the sky is falling apart!

The huge explosion shattered the void, and the earth burst!

In the next second, Wuwang Ancestor groaned and was blasted out, rolling all the way to a distance of ten thousand feet.

After a while, Wuwang Ancestor stabilized his figure, his face flushed red, and his chest was churning with qi and blood.

He suffered a small loss in the face-to-face meeting just now!

Immediately, he quickly raised his head and looked at the three avatars in shock, his eyes filled with disbelief!

He was blown away by Qin Feng's three clones!

You know, his strongest attack is attack!

Now, his strengths have been suppressed by others!

Damn it!

At this moment, Wuwang Patriarch was full of anger and anger, and his heart was full of dissatisfaction!

He is a veteran true **** boss, how can he be suppressed by a newcomer's clone!

What does this make him look good?

However, it doesn't matter!

He also has another strength, and that is spatial talent!

Next time, he will use his spatial talent to fight one-on-one with these three clones to form a heads-up situation.

At this moment, Wuwang Ancestor finally admitted his cowardice and began to change his strategy, no longer one-vs-three.

He is confident that he can crush any avatar in a heads-up match!

With this thought, the look of shock on the face of Wuwang's ancestor gradually faded, and he regained his previous self-confidence...

At the same time, the Mirage Clone, Wood Spirit Clone, and Ice Spirit Clone also looked at the ancestor Wuwang in surprise.

This old monster is really strong!

In the face-to-face meeting just now, the three avatars joined forces to bombard him, and they only bombarded him with blood and energy, but did not cause any substantial damage to him.

In this way, the three clones want to kill this old monster, and it will be a protracted battle.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Just then, the white light flashed!

The three clones attacked again!

In just a moment, the three clones teleported to the Wuhuang ancestor's side.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Three attacks, banging again!

Ancestor Wuwang sneered, secretly thinking that he would also move instantly.

This time, he let these three avatars open their eyes!

With this in mind, he was about to teleport behind the phantom avatar, preparing for a sneak attack!

Om~!

In the next breath, a white light lit up on his body, and his spatial talent was activated.

But the surrounding space only trembled slightly, and he was still there.

Uh~!

The teleportation didn't work!

Ancestor Wuwang was instantly stunned!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But before he thought about it, the attack of the three clones had already fallen!

"Damn!"

The Wuwang Patriarch was horrified and hurriedly raised his sword to block!

It's just that in the panic, his sword was too late to exert all his strength, and only used 90% of his attack power!

Boom~Long~!

Another loud bang!

Wuwang Ancestor was blasted out once again!

This time, he was finally injured, spit out a large mouthful of blood, and his momentum was a little sluggish.

As soon as he stabilized his body, he quickly activated his healing skills to restore his damage.

But in the next breath, a look of horror appeared on his face.

Damn it!

It is the power of the law of death!

This kid even mastered the law of death!

Corroded by the power of the law of death, the injury cannot be recovered.

Only by mastering the law of death or the law of life can the damage be repaired.

The Wuhuang Old Ancestor felt bad.

At this moment, he finally panicked.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But without waiting for him to think about it, the three avatars of the mirage teleported over again and attacked him violently!

what happened?

Something is not right!

Why is it teleportation again? !

You know, teleport skills have a cooldown.

After each teleport, it needs to cool down for one second before it can be cast again.

This phantom three clones did not have any cooling time at all, and launched teleportation directly.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

This made the Wuwang Ancestor dumbfounded!

He is completely incomprehensible!

But before he could think about it, Mirage's three-minute attack was here again!

"Damn!"

Ancestor Wuwang roared, and he had to bite the bullet and raise his sword to fight!

Boom~Long~!

Another loud bang!

The Wuwang Ancestor was hacked again and vomited blood and flew upside down!

This time, he did his best.

But he was injured just now, and his momentum dropped slightly, and he couldn't resist the joint effort of the three clones, and he was blown away again and vomited blood!

As a result, under the blessing of the law of death, his injury aggravated, and his momentum became weaker.

not good!

This situation is not good!

This time, Wuwang Ancestor was completely panicked!

The Mirage triple is a big joy!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

020 Immediately after, the Mirage teleported to the ancestor Wuwang again in three minutes.

Another continuous teleportation!

How can this happen? !

Why is this kid's clone able to teleport continuously?

Ancestor Wuwang can't figure it out at all!

However, he couldn't handle that much anymore.

He must escape from this world and find the reincarnation ancestor and others to join him.

Otherwise, he will be consumed by Qin Feng's three clones!

Ancestor Wuwang never thought that he could not beat Qin Feng's three clones.

However, he also has a trump card, and that is the space skill - world breaking technique.

It can break the space barriers of all worlds and escape from that world.

Even the space barrier that is difficult for the main **** to break, he can break it under the action of the world breaking technique.

Before, the reincarnation ancestor mentioned that if you want to come out of the world of Open Heaven Book, you must at least have the strength of the Lord God to break out of the world.

Those words shocked the ancestors of the years, but the ancestors of Wuwang did not make any statement.

It is precisely because the Wuwang Ancestor has mastered that space skill!

He is confident, and the world of reincarnation ancestors cannot trap him.

In the same way, Qin Feng, the world of heavenly books, can't trap him.

With this in mind, Wuwang Ancestor picked up a seal and performed a world-breaking technique!

Om~!

At that moment, the void in front of the Wuwang Ancestor cracked open a door of light, as if the space barrier was broken!

Wuwang Ancestor's eyes suddenly glowed, because he could finally escape.

puff~!

But the next breath, the door of light is broken, and it is dim in an instant!

Skills cast again!

Boom~!

Ancestor Wuwang was shocked all over!

At this moment, he finally wanted to understand.

It turns out that this Heavenly Book World is not restrained by time talent, but space talent!