Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If it was another Heavenly Book world, his world-breaking technique would still be useful.

But in this heavenly book world, his world-breaking technique failed!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the attack of the Mirage three clones arrived.

Ancestor Wuwang's face changed greatly, and he hurriedly raised his sword to block!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Wow~!

Another shrill scream!

The Wuwang Ancestor was blasted away again, and blood was sprayed all the way!

This time, he was too late to resist with all his strength, and the injury was even heavier!

But before he could breathe a sigh of relief, the third body teleported to his side again, and continued to chase after him frantically...

Damn it!

Ancestor Wuwang roared in despair!

Now, he finally realized that this heavenly book world has restrictions on his spatial talent.

However, it has a strengthening effect on the spatial ability of the three clones of the mirage.

Because of this, the Mirage triple can teleport continuously without a cooldown.

This change, the other grows, completely suppressed the Wuwang Ancestor!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In this way, the field is so dark that the sun and the moon have no light!

The three avatars of the mirage joined forces to smash the Wuwang ancestors to screams again and again, and the momentum is weakening bit by bit......Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 626 Evenly matched! Longyuan upgrade!

In just a moment, the three clones of the phantom mirage had dozens of face-to-face encounters with the ancestor of Wuwang. . . .

But the actual elapsed time is only one minute!

Masters make a move, and often in a very short period of time, they can distinguish between high and low.

Just when Wuwang Ancestor was madly bombarded and his situation was miserable, something was also happening in another Heavenly Book World.

At this moment, in the heavenly book world of the reincarnation ancestor.

Above that cloud, the polar yang body and the polar yin body stand proudly.

Opposite them, the reincarnation ancestor looked out of the world, and seemed to want to see the situation of the Wuwang ancestor.

It's a pity that he can't see the situation of another heavenly book world.

He didn't know that in just one minute, Wuwang Old Ancestor had fallen behind, and his situation was very dangerous.

"I really didn't expect that Daoist Wuwang was trapped in another heavenly book world!"

The reincarnation ancestor muttered, and looked at Qin Feng's two main bodies.

"Boy! You are so cunning!"

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor is very annoyed!

He never thought that as soon as Qin Feng made a move, the three of them would be broken!

Ji Yang's body sneered: "Reincarnation old thief, don't you know that I have the top page of the divine book in my hand? You are really stupid enough to say this!"

The ancestor of reincarnation was furious: "You~! ......"

Before the swearing words came out, the old ancestor of the years sneered.

"Child Qin Feng, do you really think that you can trap fellow Daoist Wuwang with your own means?"

There is something in these words, which makes the reincarnation ancestor stunned.

Ji Yang's body is also curious: "How do you say this?"

The corners of Old Ancestor's mouth twitched slightly: "It's okay to tell you what happened now! Fellow Daoist Wuwang has a god-level space skill called Boundary Breaking Technique. This technique can break through countless world barriers."

"It's estimated that it won't be long before Daoist Wuwang will break out of the world and enter this world of heavenly books. At that time, the three of us will be able to join forces again. Your plan to break through with me and the three of us will fail. !"

The tone of the old ancestor of the years was full of jokes, and he seemed very proud.

The ancestor of reincarnation was surprised: "Breaking the world? Brother years, is the world-breaking skill really that powerful?"

The old ancestor of the years was proud, "That's of course! Even if it is a world barrier that cannot be broken by the Lord God, the world breaking technique can easily break it. For example, if you are a heavenly book world, you can come and go freely!"

"So it is!" The reincarnation ancestor was amazed.

Immediately, he rejoiced: "That's great! Presumably Daoist Wuwang will break through the realm soon, and I'll wait for the three of them to join forces again."

"As for this little thief's clone who wants to enter this world, without the permission of the old man, they can't get in at all. At that time, the three of us will join forces to deal with this little thief!"

The old ancestor smiled and nodded: "Exactly!"

Having said that, the two smiled at each other.

The anode body and the cathode body also looked at each other and smiled.

These two old guys are too opinionated.

They still don't know that the current situation of Wuwang Ancestor is very miserable!

As for the world-breaking technique, Wuwang Ancestor has used it long ago, but unfortunately it failed.

Obviously, the ancestors of reincarnation had never mastered the first page of the book of the world, and did not know that the upper page was so powerful that it could even restrain the world-breaking technique.

Having said that, this also gave Qin Feng a very useful information.

That is the 'Breaking World' of the Wuwang Ancestor, which can break through the 'World of Heavenly Books' of the Reincarnation Ancestor.

If his clone killed the Wuwang ancestor, and then used endless extraction to obtain the 'world breaking technique' from him, wouldn't his clone come here to meet?

At that time, it will be easier for him to kill the ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was looking forward to it.

At this time, the reincarnation ancestor said again: "Brother Suiyue, if Daoist Wuwang wants to come, I'm afraid it will take some time. The three avatars of this little thief still have some strength, and it is estimated that they will be blocked for a while."

The old ancestor of the years did not take it seriously: "Don't worry! With the strength of Daoist Wuwang, just relying on this kid's three avatars, I'm afraid that it won't be able to stop it for two minutes. It is estimated that Daoist Wuwang will come soon!"

"Maybe, fellow Daoist Wuwang can kill this kid's avatar and **** the page of this kid's divine book!"

Old Ancestor's tone was full of confidence.

He knows the strength of Wuwang Ancestor very well.

But as soon as his words came out, the corners of Ji Yang's body twitched slightly, revealing a smile that was not a smile.

The ancestors of these years are too self-righteous!

Who killed whom?

Obviously, the old ancestor of the years underestimated the strength of his clone too!

I'm afraid that the ancestors of the years will never think that the people who will come soon are not the ancestors of Wuwang, but the three avatars of Qin Feng.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng immediately wanted to see the expression of the old ancestor who saw the Mirage's third body.

However, Wuwang Ancestor is extremely powerful.

Even if it has fallen behind, it is not a matter of a while for the Mirage three clones to kill the ancestor of Wuwang.

Unless, the strength of his clone can be improved a little more.

Just when this thought came to mind, a reminder from Heavenly Dao came from the sea of ​​​​knowledge of Jiyang's body...

[Longyuan Announcement: It has been detected that Longyuan City's 'President' has reached 15, meeting the standard for upgrading to 11th level city....]

[Reminder: Longyuan has met the requirements for upgrading to level 11 and can be promoted at any time......]

Boom~!

Hearing this news, Ji Yang's eyes lit up, and his eyes were full of joy.

It turned out that when Qin Feng was entangled with the reincarnation ancestor and others, his fission body had granted the title of lord to Jumang, Qingchengzi, Lei Jue, Feng Ying, and Wu Yong.

In this way, the number of lords in Longyuan City has reached 15.

At the same time, Qin Feng can get 20 reputation points for each person awarded a title.

This brought his total reputation to 9,300 points, which was another good gain.

In short, in this way, Longyuan City can be promoted to level 11!

The strength of Long Yuan's disciples is about to rise again!

In the same way, the strength of Qin Feng and his clones will soar.

In other words, the speed of his clone killing Wuwang Ancestor will be faster.

Thinking of this, Ji Yang's body is full of enthusiasm, and he is full of expectations for the upgrade of Longyuan City. . . .

Of course, all this depends on the fission body to operate.

He also has to deal with the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years.

At this moment, the voice of the reincarnation ancestor sounded in the field.

"Brother years, it is estimated that it will take a while for fellow Daoist Wuwang to arrive, so let's do it first 々〃!"

"The old man has exactly this intention!"

Om~! Om~! Om~!

As soon as the voice fell, the reincarnation ancestor instantly opened the six prisons.

huh~!

The old ancestor of the years also waved his hand, and there was an extra middle-grade sword in his hand.

With this action, the atmosphere instantly became tense.

Not far away, the ten people from Jinyu also held their breaths and watched nervously again.

Swish~! Swish~!

At the same moment, the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body slaughtered towards the two ancestors of Samsara.

That is, if you want to do it, it is natural to do it first!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, Jiyang's body was killed by the old ancestor of the years.

"Haha! Little thief, it's just right!"

The old ancestor of the years started a seal, and the time skill was activated.

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

Time stands still!

Instantly applied to the anode body.

Ji Yang's body was immediately frozen in place, unable to move!

The old ancestors of the years are rejoicing!

While you are sick! kill you!

Ji Yang's body was fixed, and it was the best time to kill him!

Swish~!

At the moment, the old ancestor of the years slashed towards the body of Jiyang with a sword!