Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Slash that sword!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky!

scoff~~~!

Where the sword wind passed, the void cracked, the momentum was amazing, and it suddenly reached the pinnacle level of the true god.

The attack of the ancestors of the years is also extremely strong!

Coupled with his talent for time, it has always been invincible!

Seeing that the situation of the polar yang body is not good, the polar yin body will go to the rescue.

Om~!

But at this moment, the reincarnation ancestor's thoughts moved, and an invisible power of time was attached to the body of the extreme yin.

The speed of the cathode body suddenly slowed ten times.

This is the Heavenly Book World, the time ability given to the ancestors of reincarnation - time delay!

In just an instant, the time of the extremely negative body was delayed ten times, and the speed was ten times slower.

As a result, he will not have time to rescue the anode body.

This delayed the extremely yin body, and the reincarnation ancestor also took the opportunity to kill the extremely yang body.

"Little thief! Die!"

Swish~!

The reincarnation ancestor also fell with a sword!

Om~!

That sword shines brightly!

With the blessing of the Six Prisons Zhentian, his attack power reached the threshold of the true god's limit.

At this moment, it is equivalent to the ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation, and they joined forces to attack the body of Jiyang!

The two powerhouses joined forces, and their momentum was earth-shattering, suddenly surpassing the threshold of the true god's limit, and the power was terrifying!

This makes Ji Yang's face change slightly!

Such a terrifying attack was hard to resist!

What's even more frightening is that now he is frozen in place, unable to move for half a minute, there is no way to block with his sword, he can only watch the attack come.

At the same time, the very negative body was delayed by time, and it was too late to go to the rescue!

Seeing this scene, the ten people in Jinyu were so excited that their eyes lit up!

Ha ha!

The master and the old ancestor of the years will join hands, and it will be a good start!

Time talent!

Really powerful!

Seeing that, Qin Feng is about to lose a lot of his body.

At this thought, the ten people in Jinyu were very excited.

Especially the old woman Baihe and Heiyi, their faces flushed with excitement.

They seem to have seen that Jiyang's body was killed by the two great ancestors on the spot!

Swish~! Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, two piercing sword lights descended one after another!

Seeing that the body of Jiyang is about to be hacked and killed on the spot!

But at this moment, the mutation increased!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light!

The space fluctuates!

The anode body disappeared out of thin air!

Kacha~! Kacha~!

Two crisp sounds!

Void cracks!

The ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years are all split into the air!

Those two swords shattered the sky and the earth, as if the world was dead!

"Damn!"Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The two ancestors of reincarnation were shocked and angry, and they looked up quickly.

I saw the very positive body, which has appeared behind the very negative body.

It turned out that at that extremely critical moment, the extremely yin body used space to summon, and the extremely yang body was summoned to the side.

As a result, the siege of the two ancestors of the reincarnation of Jiyang's body was completely empty.

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor was anxious and angry.

There are only three minutes left in his six prisons.

If Qin Feng can't be solved sooner, it will be even more difficult to kill Qin Feng when the time limit for six prisons is over.

At the same moment, the old ancestor of the years was also extremely annoyed.

Time stands still!

Ten minutes to cast once!

He has used it once just now, and if he wants to use it again, he will have to wait another ten minutes.

He thought that the blow just now would make a difference.

Unexpectedly, all this was summoned by the space of the extremely yin body, and it was cracked.

However, he still has the means!

The old ancestor of the years has another seal in his hand!

Om~!

Time delay!

In just an instant, Ji Yang's body was delayed by his time, and the speed was suddenly ten times slower.

[Time delay: It can make the target's time flow ten times slower, the maintenance time is 10 seconds, and the skill cooldown time is 10 minutes....]

The time delay state applied to the cathode body has not disappeared.

The anode body has also been recruited!

The speed of Qin Feng's two main bodies plummeted at the same time, and the situation became extremely unfavorable.

This is the weirdness of time talent!

Swish~! Swish~!

In the next second, the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years, and at the same time, kill the body of the extreme yin, forming a two-on-one situation again!

Jiyang body wants to support, but the speed is too slow, and it is too late.

In the blink of an eye, the two old ancestors killed the extremely yin body.

Swish~! Swish~!

The two swords slashed directly at the very yin body!

Suddenly, the sword light soared into the sky, one after another, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

The ten people in Jinyu once again opened their eyes wide and watched nervously, with anticipation deep in their eyes.

They expect that the extreme yin body will be severely damaged!

But before they thought about it, the very negative body and the very positive body disappeared together out of thin air.

In the next second, the two main bodies appeared behind the ancestors of the years at the same time!

Swish~! Swish~!

Then, the two main bodies shot at the same time, and the two swords slashed at the back of the old ancestor.

"'"Damn!"

The ancestors of the years were shocked and angry!

At the critical moment, he turned around abruptly and raised his sword to block!

When~! When~!

Two golden and iron symphony!

The world was shaken!

The next second, the old ancestor of the years groaned, and was blasted out by the two main bodies together!

"Little thief! Stop it!"

Boom~!

At this time, the ancestor of reincarnation came, and with a sword through the sky, slashed and slashed!

Six Prisons under Heaven!

His attack is earth-shattering and unparalleled!

The two clones quickly attacked with swords!

When~! When~!

There are two more chimes of gold and iron!

The world trembled!

In the next second, the two main bodies were shaken back thousands of feet by the reincarnation ancestor!

This time, both sides have their own winners and losers, which is a draw!

Not far away, the ten people in Jinyu looked a little confused!

They thought that the master had the help of this heavenly book world, and obtained the power of time innate. Coupled with the help of the old ancestors of the years, he must be able to suppress Qin Feng.

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng used space talent to easily crack the time talent advantage of the master and the ancestors of the years.

In this way, space versus time!

Both sides have their own winners and losers, and it is evenly divided!

"Little thief! Come again!"

At this time, the reincarnation ancestor roared, and once again killed the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body.

The old ancestors of the years also culled the past!

In this way, the two sides fight again!

In this fight, the two sides killed the sky and the sky, and the sun and the moon were dark.

The scene fell into a stalemate for a while, and no one could do anything about it!

Jinyu, Baihe Old Man, and Heiyi Realm were so frightened they didn't dare to blink.

In a twinkling of an eye, the two sides have fought hundreds of face-to-face encounters, and the outcome is still hard to tell.

Seeing this scene, Jinyu and others felt anxious.

Qin Feng's strength once again refreshed their cognition and made them stunned.

"This Qin Feng is too strong (Zhao is good)!"

At this moment, Jinyu sighed.