Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The old woman Baihe looked anxious: "Everyone, if you continue to fight like this, when the master's six-jail-suppressing state disappears, I'm afraid Qin Feng will have the upper hand!"

"Yes! How should this be?"

"Hey! From the current point of view, we can only break the game by waiting for Senior Wuwang to break through the world."

"Yes! I almost forgot Senior Wuwang!"

"Listen to what Senior Years said before, Senior Wuwang will come soon!"

"Then wait! I hope Senior Wuwang can come back sooner!"

At the moment, Jinyu and other ten people waited anxiously.

At this moment, they have pinned their hope of victory on the ancestors of Wuwang.

It's just that they don't know that in another world of heavenly books, the Wuwang Ancestor is unable to protect himself......

Just in the two battlefields, when the battle was fierce, the chat channel of Long Yuan was already hot.

"Haha! Brothers, our Longyuan City can be upgraded again! This time, we have to increase our strength!"

"Yeah! Little sister is looking forward to it!"

"Everyone, how much strength can we improve when we upgrade to level 11 this time?"

"I don't know! This will only be known when the boss is upgraded!"

"Yes! Just wait for the boss to operate!"

"Everyone, when do you say the boss will operate?"

"It should be soon! I really hope that the boss can upgrade soon! 11th-level city! There should be some new functions!"

"Yeah! You mention it, I'm looking forward to the upgrade even more!"

At this moment, Long Yuan was very excited, and everyone was waiting for Qin Feng to upgrade Long Yuan City.

Especially the newly incorporated Wuzhuangguan disciples.

They really want to experience how rich the rewards given by Heavenly Dao are when they are promoted to level 11 cities?

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent a reminder...Brother...

[Longyuan Announcement: City Lord Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan City......]

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan immediately cheered up and down.

Qingchengzi and other Wuzhuangguan disciples were even more looking forward to it.

It turned out that in that zero-degree space.

Qin Feng's fission body is upgrading Longyuan City.........

Chapter 627 Killing Wuli! Mysterious hole card!

At the same time, in the world of the heavenly book on the first page of the book of this world.

Ancestor Wuwang screamed again and again!

He was bombarded by Mirage's three clones and scored a very miserable score!

At this moment, he was in ragged clothes, covered in blood, and his momentum was very sluggish.

After the battle just now, he was continuously injured, and his injuries became more and more serious.

Now, even if he fights against any of the clones, he is no longer an opponent, let alone join forces in the face of three clones.

He also wanted to escape, but this strange world restrained his world-breaking technique, leaving him with no way to escape.

At this moment, fear was born in his heart.

At the moment, while he was struggling to support, he yelled in a hurry.

"Qin Feng! Let the old man go out! As long as you let the old man go, the old man will turn around and leave, and will not be involved in this hegemony competition! What do you think?"

The corners of the Mirage clone's mouth twitched slightly: "Do you think it's possible?"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The two sides continued to fight while talking.

The Wuwang Ancestor was bombarded again and again.

"Qin... Qin Feng! Even if the old man is not your opponent, it is impossible for you to kill the old man in a short period of time. The old man advises you to go to another heavenly book world and help your body."

"Otherwise, before you can kill the old man, your body will be killed by the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of the reincarnation! Especially the old ancestors of the years, he has a very terrible hole card!"

The Mirage clone smiled slightly: "It may not take long to kill you! One minute is enough!"

Ancestor Wuwang was furious: "Arrogant child! No matter how weak the old man is, you can't kill him in a minute! You..."

Boom~!

The words have not been finished yet, and the field has undergone a sudden change!

I saw the Mirage clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone shuddered all over, and at the same time, the momentum soared, and all the way up!

"This is?!"

Ancestor Wuwang was startled and opened his eyes involuntarily.

At the same moment, in the Longyuan channel, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven sounded...

[Longyuan Announcement: The upgrade was successful! Level 10 Longyuan City has been upgraded to Level 11 Longyuan City...]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to all the residents of Longyuan City, you will be blessed by Heaven and get a 5000-star combat power attribute reward...]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to all the lords of Longyuan City, you will be blessed by Heaven and get a 50,000-star combat power attribute reward...]

[Longyuan Announcement: Congratulations to Qin Feng, the 460 Lord of the City, you will be blessed by Heaven and receive a 500,000-star combat power reward...]

[Longyuan City was successfully promoted to level 11, the city owner has opened the permission to upgrade the city owner's palace to level 2...]

[Longyuan City was successfully promoted to level 11, and the lord opened the permission to upgrade to level 1 pavilion...]

[Longyuan City was successfully promoted to level 11, and residents have opened the permission to upgrade to level 1 residential building...]

................

It turns out that the upgrade of Longyuan City was successful, and Qin Feng received 500,000 star rewards!

In this way, the strength of the Mirage three clones will also increase simultaneously!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In a blink of an eye, the combat power of the three clones of the Mirage has increased by 400,000 stars, and the momentum is amazing!

Ancestor Wuwang was dumbfounded!

In the next second, he realized something, and his eyes were horrified!

But before he could think about it, the Mirage clone beckoned again...

I saw a flash of white light, and in front of the Mirage clone, a divine armor, a divine spear, and a pair of divine boots appeared.

That is the 'Cold Sky Battle Armor', 'Ice Territory Spear', and 'Ice Territory Divine Boots' of the ancestors of Beiming.

These three artifacts have been refined by the fission body!

Mirage clones can also be used naturally.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a split second, the Mirage clone put on battle armor and divine boots, and held the ice spear.

Such an increase in strength makes the ancestors of Wuwang terrified!

He suddenly felt bad and shouted: "Little friend Qin Feng! The old man is wrong! The old man..."

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Before the words were finished, the Mirage three clones teleported directly to the top of his head.

Ancestor Wuwang's face changed greatly, and he wanted to run away!

But at this moment, the ice spirit clone created a seal, and the time stopped and activated instantly!

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

Everything in the universe, everything is still!

The Wuwang Ancestor was frozen in place!

Boom~!

In the next second, the Mirage clone shot and killed the Wuwang ancestor.

After putting on the equipment, his strength skyrocketed!

The shot blasted away, and the world trembled!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Infinite void (ahea), pierced by layers!

Swish~! Swish~!

At the same moment, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone suddenly shot!

Om~! Om~!

The Slaughtering Star Sword and the Star Trapping Sword lit up the sword beams of ten thousand feet, reaching the sky and the ground!

Three attacks join forces!

That momentum is devastating!

No~!

Ancestor Wuwang roared in despair in his heart!

At this moment, he finally realized why the Mirage clone dared to say that it could kill him within a minute!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Three attacks fell at the same time!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Ah~~~~!

There was a piercing scream in the field!

The Wuwang Ancestor was bombarded on the spot!

The blood fog is flying all over the sky!

Immediately afterwards, the blood mist rolled and wriggled again!

The soul body of the Wuhuang ancestor still wants to be resurrected!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

One after another, the soul-killing thorns shot out from the eyes of the three avatars of the illusion, blasted into the blood mist, and bombarded the soul body of the ancestor Wuwang.

puff~!

A soft sound!

Soul body shattered!

The mournful roar echoed in the void!

The Wuwang Ancestor was finally killed!Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Whoo~!

The Mirage clone breathed a sigh of relief.

At the same time, Tiandao sent a reminder...