Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Successful killing the hider (middle stage of True God), your body has acquired +250 million attributes....]

.

[Successfully killed the hider (mid-stage true god), your body has gained +2 trillion energy points....]

[Successfully killed the hider (middle stage of True God), your body has obtained +60 million points...]

[Successfully killed the hider (middle stage of True God), your body has gained +500 reputation...]

[Successfully killed the hider (mid-stage true god), your body has gained +6 gold points...]

Hearing these prompts, the Mirage clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone all showed joy!

Great harvest this time!

For light attribute rewards, there are 250 million points!

In addition, there are also many artifacts of the Wuwang ancestors!

At the moment, the three clones began to clear the battlefield, and got a storage ring and three artifacts.

Those three artifacts are as follows...

[Invincible Thunder Armor: Low Grade God Rank]

[Thunder Gloves: Low Grade God Rank]

[Blade of Thor: Middle Grade God Rank]

[Reminder: You need to master the S-level extreme thunder talent and the S-level destruction talent to refine these three artifacts]

Seeing this information, the Mirage clone smiled.

Qin Feng did not master the S-level extreme thunder talent.

However, he can extract it from the wreckage of the Wuwang Ancestor.

In addition, the 'world-breaking technique' he wants also needs to be extracted from the wreckage of the Wuwang Ancestor.

With this in mind, the phantom avatar came to the wreckage of the ancestor Wuwang, and began to extract endlessly......

At the same moment, in another heavenly book world.

The reincarnation ancestor and the old ancestor of the years are looking at the two main bodies of Qin Feng with a look of astonishment.

Just now, the strength of this kid has skyrocketed twice in a row!

This made the two ancestors a little confused!

Originally, the strength of the two sides was equal, but now Qin Feng's strength has suddenly increased, which is naturally unfavorable to the two ancestors of Samsara!

The two can't figure out why Qin Feng's strength has improved?

Naturally, they didn't know that Longyuan City had been upgraded, and Qin Feng's combat power had soared by 500,000 stars.

In addition, Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, and Qiyue are lords, and each received a 50,000-star combat power reward.

The four of them have increased their combat power by 200,000 stars in total, and the combat power sacrificed to Qin Feng has also increased by 140,000 stars.

In this way, the combat power of Qin Feng's two main bodies has each increased by 640,000 stars.

This change is not small!

Thinking of this, the reincarnation ancestor couldn't help but take a deep breath, and there was a complex color in the depths of his eyes.

Then, his lips moved slightly, and he secretly transmitted his voice to the old ancestor of the years.

"Brother Suiyue, the situation is not good! This kid's body has improved a lot! This is not good for us!"

The tone of the reincarnation ancestor was a little anxious.

He still didn't say a word, that is, his six-jail-suppressing state can only last for 2 minutes.

If 2 minutes pass and they haven't captured Qin Feng, he can only slip away.

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor's will to fight was shaken.

The old ancestor of the years had a gloomy face and seemed to be more calm.

I saw that his lips moved slightly, and he secretly sounded back.

"Brother Samsara, don't worry! The old man sensed it, this kid's combat power has increased by about 600,000 stars. Just relying on this increase in combat power, it can't change the battle situation!"

"If the old man's expectations are not bad, Daoist Wuwang will be here soon. Maybe in half a minute, he will enter this world. At that time, the three of us can join forces to kill this kid!"

The ancestors of the years comforted the ancestors of reincarnation.

"It seems that this is the only way! I hope fellow Daoist Wuwang can come sooner!"

The reincarnation ancestor also sent a sound transmission back.

At this moment, Ji Yang looked at the two of them and wanted to laugh.

It turned out that the sound transmission between the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation was eavesdropped on the body of Jiyang.

Since condensing the holy lotus of consciousness, Qin Feng's spiritual eavesdropping has been in every way.

Ji Yang's body overheard that the old ancestor of the years and the old ancestor of reincarnation were still counting on the old ancestor of Wuwang, and he couldn't help but want to laugh.

They didn't know that Wuwang Ancestor had been killed by his clone.

Having said that, the ancestor of Wuwang has fallen, why did Tiandao not issue an announcement?

This is a bit unusual!

Could it be that if you kill a target in the Heavenly Book World, Heavenly Dao will not announce it to the public?

The anode body is somewhat confused.

However, it doesn't matter if you don't announce it.

According to Tiandao's prompt, he killed Wuwang Ancestor, and he got 6 gold points.

The rewards for this release have not been reduced at all!

"Huh! This is..."

Suddenly, Ji Yang's eyes lit up, and he seemed to sense something and looked at the outside world.

It turned out that he sensed that the phantom avatar extracted the S-level extreme thunder law and 10,000 strength attributes from the corpse of the ancestor.

And the space skill that he cares most about—Boundary Breaking Technique!

In the next second, a happy expression appeared in the eyes of the extreme yin body.

The Boundary Breaker is here!

After a while, the Mirage three clones will be able to come and help!

Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, the sound of breaking the air quickly sounded.

The ancestors of the years took the initiative to slaughter the body of Jiyang.

At the same time, the ancestors of the years also slaughtered towards the body of Jiyang.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The two sides fight together again!

Suddenly, the field was so dark that the sun and the moon had no light!

The void cracked everywhere, and the scene was terrifying!

Even if the strength of the two main bodies has improved, in such a level of battle, the advantage of the improvement is not obvious.

The two sides are still evenly matched!

For a time, no one can help anyone!

The battle is still stalemate!

But at this moment, the old ancestor of the years killed extremely hard!

At this time, his heart was extremely angry and jealous!

The ancestors of the years have come to think that he is the number one powerhouse in the Blue Star Realm!

But today's battle has made him frustrated again and again!

First of all, the comprehensive strength shown by the reincarnation ancestor is not under him at all.

What annoyed him even more was that Qin Feng's strength was obviously superior to him.

In other words, the real number one powerhouse in the Blue Star Realm today should be Qin Feng!

This made it difficult for him to accept!

A new challenger, He De He can become the first powerhouse of Blue Star!

Therefore, he wants to destroy Qin Feng and regain the position of the first powerhouse!

Besides, he still has a super big hole card to play!

As long as that hole card is played, no matter how strong Qin Feng is, he can instantly kill Qin Feng!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

On the contrary, the effect of his hole card on the reincarnation ancestor is much weaker.

It is the most practical to deal with Qin Feng, who can suppress the evil genius of an era!

Don't say that Qin Feng has the strength of the peak of the true god, even if Qin Feng has the strength of the main god.

As soon as his trump card came out, he could kill Qin Feng in one second!

Just using that hole card is too expensive!

He would never use it unless he had to!

For the same reason, it is precisely because of that trump card that he is full of confidence, unlike the reincarnation ancestor who has shaken his fighting spirit. . . .

Chapter six hundred and twenty-eight of luck! Fighting power soars!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In this way, the two sides fought fiercely!

The ancestors of the years have been secretly calculating the trump card.

The reincarnation ancestor is more and more anxious the more he fights!

His six-jail-suppressing state won't last long.

At the same time, Qin Feng was also calculating silently.

He is waiting for the arrival of the Mirage Clone, Wood Spirit Clone, and Ice Spirit Clone.

As soon as the clone arrives, it is his time to break the game.

Of course, before the clone arrives, he has to wait for the addition of the fission body~.

I just killed Wuwang Ancestor and got 200-500 million attribute points!

250 million attributes!

After this addition, his strength will skyrocket a lot!

At that time, it will be easier for him to kill the ancestor of Samsara.

Qin Feng's next goal is to kill the ancestor of Samsara!

Because he wants to seize the next page of the Book of the World, and the other half of the SS-level token.

It's about an SS-level chance!

However, he is now worried about another thing, that is, the reincarnation ancestor will escape.

He also figured out that the reincarnation ancestor's six-jail-suppressing state did not last long.

I'm afraid that as soon as the Six Prison Suppression state disappears, the reincarnation ancestor sees that the situation is not good and slips away.

With the strength of the reincarnation ancestor, if he insisted on running away, Qin Feng might not be able to kill him.

This is exactly what Qin Feng is worried about!