Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

If you let the reincarnation ancestor escape, it will not be easy to kill him next time.

Even, he may not have the next chance.

Therefore, this time, he must kill him in one fell swoop with the momentum of thunder, without giving him any chance to escape.

Having said that, the ancestor of reincarnation used the limit of the virtual **** to exert the peak strength of the true god, and his performance was even more dazzling than the ancestor of the years, which was already extremely remarkable.

This is the extraordinary thing about Judgment Supreme, it can easily crush the same level!

If it wasn't for the reincarnation ancestor who sacrificed his vocation skill - the body of two ceremonies in order to break the curse, it would be more difficult to kill.

And it can be seen from this point that the vocation of Judgment Supreme is extremely difficult, and not everyone can do it.

This also made Qin Feng curious about the Judgment God Realm!

He was also curious, why did the reincarnation ancestor and the six-path ancestor betray the Judgment God Domain?

Of course, now is not the time to think about it.

Qin Feng now only hopes that the fission body will be added soon, lest the reincarnation ancestor escape.

Now, time is running out!

After all, the Six Prisons of Reincarnation Ancestor is about to disappear, and he can already see some clues about his mentality of getting away.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart...

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

Fission is busy...

At the same time, in the Long Yuan chat channel, prompts kept ringing...

[Longyuan Announcement: City Lord Qin Feng is upgrading the 'Conference Hall', 'Motor Altar', Occupational Hall'...]

[The discussion hall has been upgraded to level 3 successfully! Residents + 50,000 attributes, Lords + 500,000 attributes, City Lords + 5 million attributes...]

[The moat altar has been upgraded to level 2 successfully! Residents + 50,000 attributes, Lords + 500,000 attributes, City Lords + 5 million attributes...]

[Professional Hall has been upgraded to level 2 successfully! Residents + 50,000 attributes, Lords + 500,000 attributes, City Lords + 5 million attributes...]

............

Whoo~!

Finally finished the upgrade!

The fission body let out a long sigh of relief and showed a satisfied smile.

It turned out that after Long Yuancheng was promoted to level 11, public buildings such as the discussion hall, the altar of the moat, and the occupation hall can be upgraded.

After this upgrade, Long Yuan has gained a lot from top to bottom!

Qin Feng even got another 15 million attribute rewards.

This made him very satisfied.

[Longyuan Announcement: Resident Wang Chao successfully upgraded to a level 1 residential building and received 50,000 attribute rewards....]

[Longyuan Announcement: Renju Feng Xi has been successfully promoted to the rank of rank 1, and has received 500,000 attribute rewards...]

At this time, two more reminders came...

After being upgraded to a level 11 city, the residents' level 11 wooden house is promoted to a level 1 residential building.

The 11th-level wooden house of the prince was promoted to the 1st-level pavilion.

Seeing this, the fission body's eyes lit up.

By the way, he still has the City Lord Palace to upgrade.

Thinking of this, he opened the operation interface of the City Lord's Palace to check the requirements for upgrading the palace to level 2......

Seeing this, he smiled.

Upgrading a level 2 palace requires low-grade god-level bones!

The bones of the low-grade gods are the bones of the beasts in the virtual **** realm.

On a barren planet like the Blue Star Realm, False God realm beasts are hard to come by.

Coincidentally, Qin Feng has it in hand.

With this in mind, he took out the corpse of the Heitian Dragon Centipede from the storage ring and began to take its bones...

Not long after, a reminder came from the Longyuan channel......

[Longyuan Announcement: The city lord Qin Feng has successfully risen to the second level of the city lord palace, and has received 10 million attribute rewards...]

good! good!

Level 2 palace, actually get 10 million attribute rewards!

This is far more than expected!

Fission body is extremely satisfied!

At this moment, there was a smile on his face.

So far, the trivial matter of Long Yuan's upgrade has basically been dealt with.

Where he could get rewards, he got it.

Next, he had to quickly increase his combat power.

Qin Feng is about to take action on the reincarnation ancestor.

At this thought, the fission body also felt a sense of urgency in the heart!

Then, he hurriedly opened the panel......

[Free attribute]: 275 million

[Golden Points]: 24 points

【Reputation】: 9800 points.

After reading this, the fission body showed a gratified smile!

The harvest this time is really huge!

Accumulated attribute points, there are 275 million.

After breaking through 20 points of gold points, I can finally exchange for a Holy Land Pass.

At the moment, the fission body no longer delays, and starts to add points......

At the same moment, in the sixth division, over a jungle.

Tai Shi looked into the distance, his brows furrowed.

The direction he was looking at was exactly the direction of the army at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

According to the map, the army at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty would be able to join him immediately.

"Friend Taishi, do we really want to join forces with Yuanchu?"

Beside Taishi, the voice of ancestor Teng Kui sounded.

"Hey! That's what my father meant. Don't go against it!"

Tai sighed helplessly.

He didn't like that person at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

The two were rivals with each other, and they both coveted Yu Xuanji, so they would naturally dislike each other.

However, the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of the years have reached an agreement. The blue and green camps must join forces to deal with the Tiance clan.

He had to obey!

In the same way, the Yuan Dynasty did not dare to disobey!

"Fellow Daoist Taishi, is Qin Feng's avatar really that strong? Will Senior Years and Reincarnation think highly of it? They actually want our two camps to join forces to deal with the Tiance Clan!"

Ancestor Teng Kui muttered again.

He knew what the two old ancestors meant.

That is to worry, Qin Feng will send avatars to rescue the Tiance Clan, so let Yuanchu and Taishi join forces.

But in Teng Kui's view, it felt a bit exaggerated.

Up to now, he still does not want to believe that Qin Feng is so strong.

After all, a challenger who has become so powerful in such a short amount of strength is beyond common sense.

Taishi smiled and said: "Just in case! In case Qin Feng's clone is really strong, we are numerous and powerful, so we are not afraid! Besides, the Tiance Clan still has Yu Xuanji. That woman is extremely powerful. , don't be careless!"

Ancestor Teng Kui nodded slightly: "That's right!"

"Let's go! Reunite with the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!"

At the moment, a group of people joined the army at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty and left......

At the same moment, behind the army, in the team of Guangming Town.

Jin Erzhong and Anna watched this scene with strange expressions in their eyes.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Then, the two looked at Paul in amazement.

"Pope Smecta, the Lord's oracle is really accurate! Taishi and Yuanchu are really going to cooperate!"

Jin Erzhong is full of emotion!

Paul exclaimed: "Oh! Dear Mr. King, you have to remember! Lord, you can do anything!"

Anna adored her face: "Oh! Lord Pope, Anna believes in my Lord more and more, and I am willing to serve him everything!"

It turned out that in the oracle Paul received, it was prophesied that Taishi would cooperate with Yuanchu.

As soon as this result came out, Jin Erzhong and Anna were once again shocked.

The two of them worshipped and became more loyal to the 'Lord'!

At this time, Jin Erzhong asked curiously: "Sir Pope, I am very curious, can it be predicted in the Lord's oracle, how did Qin Feng die?"

"Oh! That's a tough question to answer!"

Paul looked up and looked in the direction of the second division.

The red light spot that marked Qin Feng was still lit somewhere.

"The Lord said: Qin Feng has a 90% probability that he was killed by the ancestors of the years. There is a 10% probability that he killed the ancestors of the years!"

Jin Erzhong was stunned: "So, the Lord is not 100% sure that he can calculate the result of the battle between Qin Feng and the old ancestor of the years?"

0････････････････････････････････････

Paul nodded slightly: "Yes! This is a very unfortunate fact!"

Anna was puzzled: "Sir Pope, the Lord's oracles for other matters give 100% certain answers. Why is Qin Feng's matter only 90% possible?"

Paul sighed: "The Lord said that when a person is accompanied by great luck, even if the oracle predicts it, it is difficult to be accurate. Then Qin Feng is accompanied by great luck, so the Lord cannot predict 100% accurately."

As soon as these words fell, the two of them were stunned.

Afterwards, Jin Erzhong gloated and said: "Sir Pope, anyway, Qin Feng has only a 10% chance to live when he faces the old ancestors this time. When he dies, those nasty Longbi people will also die!"

Paul also smiled and said: "Oh! Mr. Jin Erzhong, you are so right! This is indeed a happy thing! I also hope that those nasty Longbi people die!"

At this time, Annan seemed to think of something.

She hurriedly asked: "Lord Pope, according to what you said, there is a 90% probability that the last enemy the Lord will encounter is the ancestor of the years, and there is a 10% probability that the enemy will be Qin Feng?"

Paul smiled and said, "Exactly! However, whether it is the old ancestors of the years or Qin Feng. They are like a rabbit meeting a lion in front of the Lord, they can only shiver, and they are completely vulnerable!"

As soon as these words fell, Anna and Jin Erzhong both showed knowing smiles......

At the same time, in the second division, in the world of heavenly books.

.........0

The two main bodies of Qin Feng are still fighting fiercely with the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of the years.

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor was extremely anxious.

Because his six-jail-suppressing state can only last for one minute, but the Wuwang Patriarch still hasn't appeared.