Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

On the other side, Jinyu and other ten envoys also looked very anxious.

"Everyone, why hasn't Senior Wuwang returned?"

"It should be soon!"

"Hey! It's really terrifying!"

But these words only fell, and the field changed suddenly!

Boom~! Boom~!

At this moment, the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body were shocked, and the momentum surged up at the same time!

Boom~Long~Long~!

That huge movement caused the world to tremble!

It was at this time that the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation were killed.

One kills the body of the extreme yang, and the other kills the body of the extreme yin!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

Crashed!

The void is broken!

In the next second, the old ancestor of the years groaned and was blasted out by the body of Jiyang!

The extremely yin body and the ancestor of reincarnation are on an equal footing!

Both sides retreated a thousand feet away!

Boom~!

This time, the whole audience was dumbfounded!

Even the ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation were stunned!

You must know that before this, the combat power of any body of Qin Feng was comparable to that of the ancestors of the years.

Under the heads-up, it is indistinguishable!

The reincarnation ancestor relied on the six prisons to control the sky, and the attack power was greatly strengthened, much stronger than the two main bodies.

But this time, the combat power of the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body suddenly soared a lot.

Under the one-on-one battle, the extreme yin body can also compete with the ancestors of reincarnation!

This increase is too great!

It turned out that the fission body has finished adding points, so that Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed by about 5.5 million stars.

As a result, Qin Feng's basic combat power has just reached 40 million stars.

If you add the power of equipment, the power of sacrifice, the power of combining Tao, and the bonus of laws, its attack power suddenly reaches the limit of the true god!

This is an extremely scary ascension!

The ancestors of reincarnation and old ancestors were dumbfounded, and they felt bad in their hearts!

At this moment, the reincarnation ancestor had already wanted to run away.

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

Ka~! Ka~! Ka~!

I saw the sky above the world, and suddenly the space cracked.

In the crack, a dazzling white light also lit up, which shocked the audience!

"It's a world breaking technique!"

The ancestors of the years shouted in surprise!

He recognized it at a glance, it was the skill of the Wuwang Ancestor!

The reincarnation ancestor was overjoyed: "Finally, Daoist Wuwang is here!"

Jinyu and others also showed excitement.

The helper they were waiting for finally arrived!

It was at this moment that the crack in the space cracked open for a long time.

In the white light, three figures entered.

Everyone looked at it, and they were dumbfounded!

The three people here are actually three avatars of the mirage, and there is no figure of the ancestor of Wuwang at all...... 100 million.

Chapter six hundred and twenty-ninth law of heaven and earth! Bomb kill reincarnation!

"How...how could this be?"

The old ancestor of the years looked at the scene in front of him in disbelief.

The reincarnation ancestor was even more shocked!

The person here is not the ancestor Wuwang, but Qin Feng's avatar!

Obviously, something happened to the Wuwang ancestor!Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

What surprised him even more was that Qin Feng also mastered the world-breaking technique!

Otherwise, Qin Feng's avatar will not be able to perform the world-breaking technique.

This kid obviously has a world-breaking technique. He is trapped in this heavenly book world, but he does not escape. Obviously, he has a plan.

Thinking of this, the reincarnation ancestor was horrified!

Obviously, he didn't know that Qin Feng's world-breaking technique was just obtained.

But at this moment, the ancestors of reincarnation can't take care of so much anymore, they only feel that the situation is not right, and they have to run away!

"Brother years! Let's withdraw!"

As soon as the voice fell, the reincarnation ancestor wanted to escape!

Qin Feng was shocked!

He must never let the reincarnation ancestor escape!

If you miss this time, it will be difficult to kill the reincarnation ancestor again.

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Mirage clones, wood spirit clones, and ice spirit clones teleported one after another, appearing beside Jinyu Ten in a split second.

"God! Hurry.... Escape!"

Ten people in Jinyu exclaimed continuously!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the Mirage 3 clones have already shot!

Suddenly, the lightsaber flashed in the field, and the spear blasted!

The momentum was astonishing!

Where are the Ten Jinyu people their opponents?

You must know that Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 40 million stars, plus the power of 1.2 million stars, that is 41.2 million stars.

The combat power of the clone is 80% of the main body, and the clone also has artifacts.

The combat power of the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone has reached about 33 million stars, which is the peak combat power of the true god. "Eight Three Seven"

The Mirage clone is powerful, and it has reached about 34 million stars.

Jinyu ten people are only the pinnacle of demigods!

The difference between the two sides is several big grades!

Swish~!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, swept past!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Blood light shot again and again!

The Bing Ling clone slashed the old man Baihe, Heiyi, and Jinyu into two pieces with one sword!

At the same moment, the wood spirit clone also slashed and killed three people with one sword!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The phantom avatar shot out with a single shot, and the four of Bai Ru exploded continuously, turning them into four blood mists on the spot.

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

As soon as the ten messengers died, the illusion of the six prisons behind the reincarnation ancestor was shattered!

The power of sacrifice has also flowed away!

Immediately, his six-jail-suppressing state disappeared, and his momentum plummeted all the way!

In the blink of an eye, his aura dropped to around 25 million stars.

Without the sacrifice of combat power and the state of six prisons, he is not even as good as a clone of Qin Feng!

"Damn!"

The reincarnation ancestor was shocked and angry!

In the next second, he will activate the Seal of Reincarnation and resurrect ten messengers.

These messengers are the root of his battle!

huh~! huh~!

But at this moment, white light flashed!

The extreme yang body and the extreme yin body teleport to his side at the same time, and they will launch a joint strike against him to kill him completely!

The reincarnation ancestor was so frightened that his face changed greatly!

With his current strength, he simply cannot withstand the combined blow of the two main bodies!

At this critical moment, the old ancestor of the years shot.

I saw that he had a seal in his hand!

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

Time stands still!

That skill was instantly applied to Jiyang's body!

The anode body was frozen in place!

At this time, the reincarnation ancestor also reacted, and when his mind moved, the time was delayed!

Another invisible force, blessing on the body of the extreme yin.

Suddenly, the attack speed of the extreme yin body slowed down ten times!

The reincarnation ancestor got the time to escape, and hurriedly retreated backwards!

At this moment, he breathed a sigh of relief.

With the time delay, he can escape the attack range without waiting for the attack of the extreme yin body to fall.

In fact, even if you can't escape, it doesn't matter!

Because the extreme yang body was fixed, a situation of one-on-one between him and the extreme yin body was formed.

Only the attack of the extreme yin body alone cannot kill him with one blow!