Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In short, his crisis is lifted!

But this thought came to me, the mutation is regenerating!

huh~!

I saw that the fixed polar yang body suddenly turned into a white light and merged into the body of the polar yin body.

The two main bodies merged into one!

Qin Feng appeared!

The reincarnation ancestor was stunned for a moment, feeling puzzled!

It seems that Qin Feng's two-body state has not yet reached the time limit, why is it suddenly lifted?

Boom~Long~Long~!

But don't wait for the reincarnation ancestor to think more, mutation and regeneration!

Qin Feng's figure rose against the wind and kept getting bigger.

What's more terrifying, Qin Feng's momentum is also soaring wildly!

That is exactly the skill derived from the Tongtian Tyrant Body-Fa Xiangtiandi!

[Fa Xiangtiandi (primary): It can be transformed into a giant body of ten thousand feet, standing tall in the sky. When fighting in this state, the attack power and defense power will each increase by 10%]

[In the state of the body of the two ceremonies, it is impossible to cast the law of heaven and earth. It can only be used after the fusion of the two bodies. 】

Qin Feng's current basic combat power is 40 million stars, the power of cooperation is 1.2 million stars, and the power of equipment feedback is 900,000 stars.

And Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, and Qiyue have also skyrocketed in strength after Longyuan's upgrade!

During this period of time, the four of them refined a lot of medicinal pills.

Today, Jumang's combat power has been raised to 3.2 million stars, Fengxi has been raised to 2.1 million stars, Xiao Luan'er has been raised to 1.9 million stars, and Qiyue's has been raised to 1.6 million stars.

The sacrifice of the four to Qin Feng has accumulated to about 6.2 million stars.

This means that Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power has reached 48.3 million stars.

But under the law of heaven and earth, attack, speed, and defense all increase by 10%.

In other words, Qin Feng's combat power can soar to about 53 million stars in this state.

This is a proper true **** limit level!

Not the limit threshold of true God!

True God's limit's combat power range is 50 million to 80 million stars.

In just an instant, Qin Feng's aura reached its peak!

Boom~Long~Long~!

He slapped it wildly!

That giant palm that pierces the sky, covering the sky and the sun!

Covering all directions!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the giant palm passed, the void shattered inch by inch!

All space, time, and laws are shattered and turned into dust!

That momentum is devastating!

Terrible!

"No~!"

Old Ancestor Samsara widened his eyes in horror!

Although he imposed a time delay on Qin Feng and slowed down his attack speed!

But after Qin Feng turned into a giant, his attack range also expanded, making him too late to avoid the attack!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Trembling for a while!

That big hand that reaches the sky, slaps it wildly!

In the blink of an eye, it was above the head of the reincarnation ancestor, making it unavoidable!

Old Ancestor Samsara widened his eyes in horror!

At this moment, he can only bite the bullet and raise his sword to meet!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Kacha~!

Thousands of miles of void, all cracked!

Bloody sky shoots!

That palm slapped the long sword, and it also slapped the reincarnation ancestor on the spot, and the blood was flying in the sky!

Even his soul body was shattered on the spot!

Terrible roar!

Echoing in the void!

In this way, the reincarnation ancestor was killed by a palm!

Without the blessing of the Six Prisons, the ancestors of reincarnation were vulnerable in front of Qin Feng!

Not far away, the old ancestor of the years was completely stunned!

It all happened so fast!

In just three seconds, the reincarnation ancestor was instantly killed, and he didn't even have time to react!

huh~!

At this moment, a dazzling white light flew out from the blood mist transformed by the ancestors of Samsara, pouring into Qin Feng's body...

[You successfully killed the hider, you got +280 million attributes]

[You succeeded in killing the hider, you obtained +2.2 trillion points of energy]

[You succeeded in killing the hider, and you got +70 million points. 】

[You have successfully killed the hider, and you have gained +500 reputation. 】

[You successfully killed the hider, and you got +6 gold points. 】

[You succeeded in killing the hider, the SS-level task order fragment (1/2). 】

Whoo~!

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

It can be seen that the rewards of Tiandao are distinguished according to strength.

Although the reincarnation ancestor is at the limit of the virtual god, his strength is unparalleled, stronger than the Wuwang ancestor in the middle stage of the true god, and the rewards are naturally more!

This made Qin Feng very satisfied.

Then, he looked at the golden token in the blood mist with joy.

That was exactly the half-block SS-level mission order he wanted!

Now, finally got it.

Soon, the next page of Old Ancestor Samsara's book on this world will also fall into his hands.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng will collect the spoils...

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[You successfully killed Judgment Supreme (traitor) and obtained 100 gold judgment points. 】

[Reminder: 1 Gold Judgment Point is equal to 10 Billion Judgment Points]

[Congratulations on your promotion to Level 53 Judgment Supreme (Elementary)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2000 points! 】

The vocation has been upgraded again!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

It was at this moment that there were bursts of light noises in the bodies of the ten people in Jinyu!

That is the sound of the broken reincarnation seal!

It turned out that once the ancestor of reincarnation died, the reincarnation seal implanted in Jinyu and others would automatically collapse.

So far, the ten people in Jinyu have completely died, and there is no chance of resurrection!

Immediately afterwards, one after another, white light flew out from the corpses of the ten people in Jinyu and poured into Qin Feng's body frantically...

[You successfully killed the Judgment Servant (Demi-God Peak), and obtained 1.9 million attributes, +1 golden judgment value, +100 energy value......]

[You successfully killed the Judgment Servant (Demi-God Peak), obtained +2 million attribute points, +1 gold judgment value......]

..........

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng got ten more feedbacks!

Accumulated 20 million attribute rewards, 10 gold judgment points, and a lot of energy points...

Immediately afterwards, an upgraded white light lit up on his body!

【Your level has been promoted to level 69! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2000 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2000 points! 】

【You get 1000 free attributes! 】

Qin Feng smiled again!

What a joyous event!

Now, he has finally risen to level 69, only one level away from his goal of level 70!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand and put away all the treasures left by the ancestors of Samsara......

The Mirage Clone, Wood Spirit Clone, and Ice Spirit Clone have long since collected all the treasures left by the ten people in Jinyu.

After doing this, Qin Feng turned to look at the ancestors of the years...

Seeing Qin Feng, the old ancestor finally recovered from the shock.

hiss~!

The old ancestor of the years took a deep breath and looked up at Qin Feng, who had turned into a giant, with awe in the depths of his eyes.

He is different from the reincarnation ancestor!

The ancestor of reincarnation relies on SSS-level six-path talent to display the six prisons to control the sky, in order to have such terrifying combat power!

He is a genuine mid-term power of the true god, and his comprehensive combat power has reached the peak of the true god.

Even if Qin Feng displays the law of the world and wants to kill him in seconds, it is impossible!