Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

However, he has no chance of winning against Qin Feng!

Now it seems that he just escaped.

But he is not reconciled!

It seems that he can only use that hole card!

Just playing that trump card is too expensive!

However, as long as he kills Qin Feng, he will be the final winner of this round of hegemony.

The Holy Land Pass on Qin Feng, 4.9 will all be his.

Also, his son Taishi can also become a star master candidate and get another pass.

If that's the case, then he will give it a go and use that lore move!

Thinking of this, the old ancestor of the years became calm, and looked at Qin Feng with a mocking expression.

Even though Qin Feng is extremely powerful now, as long as his trump card comes out, he can easily kill Qin Feng!

Even, he can kill Qin Feng into **** as long as he takes a breath!

Thinking of this, the corners of Old Ancestor's mouth twitched slightly, and his mockery became even stronger.

This scene fell into Qin Feng's eyes, which was quite strange!

It stands to reason that under this situation, the ancestors of the years should be frightened, why are they so calm?

Instead, it looks like a victory is in hand!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the mutation regenerates!

The entire Heavenly Book World began to crack every inch!

The reincarnation ancestor died, and the Heavenly Book World lost its owner and began to collapse automatically!

Seeing this, the face of the old ancestor of the years changed slightly, and he quickly formed a seal with his hands, preparing to enlarge the move.

This heavenly book world restrained Qin Feng's time talent!

He must kill Qin Feng before the world collapses.

If the world collapses and Qin Feng's time talent recovers, it will be a little troublesome...

As soon as he saw the old ancestor of the years, Qin Feng was about to do it.

But at this moment, a reminder from Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Reminder: Your pet, Emperor Jiang, has been hatched...]

[Reminder: Your fission body is recruiting Di Jiang as a 'Heavenly Messenger'...]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise!

Great!

Di Jiang is finally born! .........

Chapter 630 Years Sacrifice! Time travel!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Tiandao continues to send reminders...

[The trial solicitation was successful! Dijiang has become your heavenly messenger! 】

Om~!

At this moment, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, a small tender baby appeared, with black hair and big eyes as bright as stars.

That little baby is just born Di Jiang!

At this moment, there was a soul resonance between Qin Feng and Di Jiang, and there was a kind of intimacy connected by blood.

Boom~Long~Long~!

The next second, Qin Feng's momentum began to skyrocket wildly!

In the blink of an eye, his combat power has skyrocketed by 2.8 million stars, and his comprehensive combat power has reached about 56 million stars!

It turns out that Dijiang's combat power has reached 4 million stars!

In this way, the combat power he sacrificed to Qin Feng is 2.8 million stars!

4 million stars!

That reached the threshold of the peak of the False God!

It can be seen that Dijiang is much stronger than Jumang!

This makes Qin Feng very happy!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Your vocation skill - perception sharing is automatically activated! 】

[Commentary sharing started: You are sharing the perception of the celestial messenger 'Di Jiang' on the 'S Space-Time Law'...]

Boom~Long~Long!

In the next second, a large amount of information poured into Qin Feng's mind frantically...

That is Di Jiang's perception of the laws of time and space!

Among SS-level talents, the law of time and space is the most difficult to understand, and its power is extremely powerful, even stronger than some SSS-level talents...

And Di Jiang was born to master the SS-level space-time law, destined to be an extraordinary existence!

At the moment, Qin Feng couldn't help closing his eyes, digesting those feelings...

All this changes in a matter of seconds.

After all, the time flow rate in zero-degree space is ten times that of the outside world.

One minute has passed in the zero-degree space, and only a few seconds have passed in the outside world...

In these few seconds, Qin Feng's momentum skyrocketed, and the old ancestors of the years naturally sensed it.

He was horrified, and his hands quickened the speed of choking!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At this moment, his fingertips lit up with silver light, and a mysterious print was drawn by him in the void... 07.

At the same time, a breath of vicissitudes of time is slowly exuding from him...

At the same time, Qin Feng's perception of the law of time and space is also wildly improving all the way...

【Share your insights and share your success! Congratulations, you have fully understood the SS-level space-time law...]

[Your S-level time law talent, and S-level space law talent, begin to merge....]

【Fusion is successful! Your law of time and law of space have been merged and promoted to SS-level law of time and space! 】

[Congratulations on realizing the SS-level space-time law! Your time skills and space skills have been greatly enhanced! 】

[Space teleportation: The teleport distance increases tenfold. 】

[Space Summoning: A new skill 'The Universe Shift' is derived. 】

[Breaking the world: The power of breaking the world is increased tenfold. 】

[Time is still: The cooling time of the skill is shortened to 5 minutes. 】

[Back in time: The cooldown of the skill is shortened to 5 minutes. 】

[Automatically awakens the time and space skills - time and space shuttle (the peak of the middle-grade **** level)]

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking move!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

The birth of Di Jiang this time has brought him great benefits. Finally, his time talent and space talent have been merged into time and space talent.

What's even better is that he also has a talent fusion card of low-grade god-level in his hand!

As long as he uses that divine card, he can combine his SS-level Primordial Law talent and SS-level Space-Time Law talent into an SSS-level Chaos Law talent.

The law of chaos!

This is one of the top laws among the SSS-level laws!

As long as his fusion is successful, his strength will definitely skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is full of fire!

However, he doesn't have time to deal with it right now.

He must first solve the old ancestors of the years!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up and looked forward...

At the same moment, the old ancestor of the years also finished the seal.

Boom~Long~Long~!

After the seal was finished, the void behind the old ancestor of the years began to roar continuously!

Immediately afterwards, a huge mysterious matrix slowly emerged behind him, engraved with innate divine patterns, exuding an extremely mysterious atmosphere.

The shape of the matrix is ​​like a circular clock with a diameter of one million zhang, which is much larger than Qin Feng's gigantic body.

At this moment, Qin Feng looked up at the matrix, like a mouse looking up at a giant elephant, looking very small.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the matrix slowly rotated, making a rumbling roar!

The old ancestor also slowly opened his eyes and looked at Qin Feng coldly and arrogantly, as if he was looking at a dead man!

His hole cards have already been laid out, and he is just about to activate it at the end.

As soon as he activates, Qin Feng will be dead.

"what is this?"

Qin Feng looked at the matrix in amazement.

"The matrix of years! The passage that will send you on the road!"

The corner of Old Ancestor's mouth twitched slightly, revealing a playful sneer, and the expression in his eyes was full of confidence.

Qin Feng sneered: "Oh! That's not necessarily!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, he slapped the old ancestor of the years with a palm!

Om~!

At the same moment, an illusion of the world appeared behind him, with misty clouds inside, golden lotuses appearing, dragons and phoenixes showing auspiciousness, like a fairyland!

That is Qin Feng's Heavenly Prison Illusion!

Today, Qin Feng has a heavenly messenger!

Six Prison Suppression Skills are automatically activated!

His SSS-level six-path reincarnation talent has finally come into play!

However, he only has a messenger from the heavens, so he can only activate the 'heavenly prison illusion' and open a prison to suppress the sky!

Even if it is a prison, the attack power can be increased by 30%!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In a short time, with the blessing of his palm, the attack power soared by 30%, reaching about 75 million stars, which is very close to the upper limit of the true god's limit!

In fact, Qin Feng's palm, under the blessing of various attacking laws such as the Law of Destruction, the Law of Killing, and the Law of Hunyuan, has reached the upper limit of the true God's limit!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

With that palm slapped, thousands of miles of void, the sky and the earth cracked, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!