Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the old ancestor of the years opened his eyes in horror!

The eyes are full of unbelievable colors!

OMG!

The power of this palm is too terrifying!

He used to think that even if Qin Feng used Faxiang Tiandi, he would not be able to kill him with one palm, at most he would be severely injured!

Now it looks like that's not the case at all!

This kid has too many tricks!

This palm really has the potential to kill him!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, that palm was above the head of the old ancestor of the years!

Seeing that the palm is about to fall!

The old ancestor of the years no longer hesitated, and quickly moved the seal to launch a counterattack!

"The sacrifice of the years! Kai!"

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The matrix behind the ancestors of the years lit up the sky, illuminating the whole world!

In the next second, the ancestors of the years will be at a speed visible to the naked eye, the hair will dry out and fall, the skin will lose its luster, and the frown on the face will continue to increase.

He is getting old so fast!

At the same time, an invisible force also simultaneously blessed Qin Feng.

The next second, Qin Feng was horrified to find that his body was shrinking...

He vaguely felt that there was an invisible thing missing from his body!

And the loss of that kind of thing is causing his attack momentum to drop wildly...

70 million stars.....60 million stars....50 million stars....

In the blink of an eye, his attack momentum plummeted to below 50 million stars!

But it's not over yet, and his momentum continues to plummet...

This shocked Qin Feng!

He didn't even understand what was going on!

But don't wait for him to think about it, the mutation regenerates!

puff~!

A soft sound!

His Prison Suppression was automatically shattered, and the attack blessing suddenly disappeared!

This made Qin Feng even more frightened!

But before he could think about it, the mutation happened again!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

Three more beeps in a row!

Not far away, the Mirage Clone, Wood Spirit Clone, and Ice Spirit Clone collapsed automatically, turned into a little starlight, and dissipated away, leaving only a few artifacts, suspended in the air alone!

This made Qin Feng extremely frightened!

He had no idea what was going on!

At the same time, the old ancestor of the years has become an incomparable dragon, the white hair has fallen completely, and the bald forehead is covered with age spots.

His whole body exudes a faint death energy, like an old man who is dying.

It seems that the next minute, the ancestors of the years will die of old age!

At this moment, Qin Feng's condescending attack finally fell!

That palm was slapped on the forehead of the old ancestor of the years!

Pa~!

A crisp sound!

Qin Feng felt a little pain in his hand!

In the next second, he was shocked to find that a small fleshy hand rested on the bald forehead of the old ancestor of the years.

Is that your little hand?

Qin Feng thought about it, and raised his small hand slightly!

Oh my God!

Is this really your own hand? !

Later, he was horrified to find that the clothes on his body became very large, like a child wearing adult clothes.

He hurriedly looked at himself, and was immediately stunned!

He found that he had changed back to the appearance of about 2 years old, and there was no trace of spiritual power in his body.

At this moment, he is not even a powerhouse at the personal level, he has completely turned into an ordinary little cute baby!

It was at this moment that the old ancestor of the years opened his mouth with lost teeth and looked at Qin Feng with a grin.

"The old man succeeded! The old man finally succeeded! Quack!"

At this moment, the old ancestor of the years smiled proudly.

That old and ugly appearance looks very ferocious!

"This... what's going on here?"

Qin Feng asked in surprise.

The voice was actually milky.

The old ancestor of the years looked at Qin Feng excitedly, and smiled proudly: "Little thief! The old man sacrificed a thousand years of life, just in exchange for you to go back 20 years!"

"The old man thought you were young, but I didn't expect you to be really young! Go back 20 years, and you turned into a little baby who is nothing!"

"Enchanting! Enchanting! You are truly a genius of the enchanting level of the ages! However, this old man's skill is a genius who specializes in restraining the enchanting like you!"

"No matter how evil you are! No matter how talented you are! Go back to 20 years ago, and you have changed back to the little doll of the year, and you are nothing! Haha!!"

The old ancestor of the years laughed proudly!

At this moment, his face flushed with excitement!

Such a powerful Qin Feng was restrained by his trump card!

The final winner is indeed himself!

Boom~!

Qin Feng's tender body shook violently!

He finally understood the cause and effect, and was completely dumbfounded.

He never thought that there would be such a strange skill in this world.

Self-destruction of a thousand years of life, just to make the goal go back to 20 years ago.

He was originally 22 years old, but if he went back 20 years ago, he would have changed back to 2 years old!

At this moment, Qin Feng wanted to curse!

Fortunately, you can only go back 20 years ago. If you could go back 30 years, he wouldn't even be a tadpole...

Having said that, this skill damages the thousand-year-old life essence, just to make the target rejuvenate until 20 years ago!

At first glance, this skill has some cerebral palsy!

But it was this cerebral palsy skill that actually stubbornly restrained a monster-level genius like him!

After being excited, the old ancestor of the years looked at Qin Feng with a playful expression.

"Little thing! You finally fell into the hands of the old man! See how the old man crushed you with one finger! Haha!"

The old ancestor laughed proudly, stretched out a dry finger, and was about to run over Qin Feng...

Qin Feng was frightened and subconsciously wanted to avoid it!

The next second, he was horrified to find that he was locked by the aura of the old ancestor of the years, and he couldn't move at all.

"Gah! Gah! Little thing, do you still want to escape? You can't escape this time! Just feel how this old man crushed you to death!"

557 The old ancestor laughed proudly!

The dry fingers slowly rolled towards Qin Feng!

He has to enjoy the process of crushing Qin Feng!

He also wants Qin Feng to feel the process of being crushed to death!

Thinking of this, the smile of the ancestors of the years has become more sinister and vicious!

Qin Feng looked at the fingers that were getting closer and closer, and his eyes were full of horror.

He wants to get rid of it! He wants to run away!

But now he is not as good as an ordinary adult, how can he break free from the control of the old ancestors of the years!

In fact, if it weren't for the force field of the old ancestor of the years, he would have fallen from the sky!

Are you going to die here today? !

At this moment, Qin Feng's heart sank!

what!

wrong!

Suddenly, Qin Feng found something wrong.

He clearly sensed that his luck was still there, still 52 times that of ordinary people, without the slightest loss.

In addition, his various talents and skills are still there!

And his mind, still the same as before, has not changed back to the state of being 2 years old.

Logically, that shouldn't be the case!

Is it because the luck is not affected by this skill, and he still retains his talents and skills?

At this thought, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Since there is such a mutation, he still has a chance to survive!

correct!

A few seconds ago, he acquired a new skill - time travel!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Not sure if you can give it a try?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the dry fingers of the old ancestor of the years have reached the front of his eyebrows, and will soon pierce his head.

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer hesitates, concentrates all his energy, and activates the god-level skill - time and space shuttle!

But he doesn't have the slightest spiritual power, and it stands to reason that he can't activate skills.

But just when he exhausted all his energy and tried to activate it with all his strength, the power of luck on his body worked!

Om~!

In the next second, Qin Feng's body lit up with a faint white light!

Time travel is really activated!

"Hey! This is..."

The ancestors of the years were keenly aware that a white light lit up on Qin Feng's body.