Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The 'Lost Village' finally appeared.

Chapter 81 Mystery Scroll

Qin Feng quickly quit the chat channel and began to clean up the scene.

When he finished cleaning up, the phantom of the village gradually solidified, and the lost village' was fully revealed.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

It was at this moment that seven **** two-headed dogs rushed out of the village.

As soon as they appeared, they saw Qin Feng and couldn't help but be stunned.

Then, there was disdain in their eyes.

Just a level 10 human.

They are level 10 mutant monsters, and their strength is stronger than that of level 10 humans.

Besides, there are seven of them.

Qin Feng has only one person.

With seven on one, it's easy!

Aww~!

A low growl!

All the hellhounds slaughtered towards Qin Feng one after another.

Only the last one stood still.

It remembered that the human in front of him was the terrifying guy he met last night.

He actually came again.

It turned out that this hellhound was the fish that slipped through the net last night.

As soon as Qin Feng's identity was found out, the hellhound was terrified.

But without waiting for it to issue a warning, Qin Feng took action.

Swish~!

The sword aura of several feet long swept the audience!

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

Blood splashed again and again!

The screams came one after another!

Thump~! Thump~! Thump~!

One after another, the dog corpses that were split in half fell to the ground...

[Killing the 10th-level Hell Double-Headed Dog (mutation level) successfully, obtains +15 Judgment Points and +1000 Energy Points. 】

[Killing the 10th-level Hell Double-Headed Dog (mutation level) successfully, obtains +15 Judgment Points and +1000 Energy Points. 】

[Killing the 10th-level Hell Double-Headed Dog (mutation level) successfully, obtains +15 Judgment Points and +1000 Energy Points. 】

...

With just one knife, Qin Feng slashed six hellhounds, harvesting 6000 energy points and 90 judgment points.

good! good!

Qin Feng was delighted.

Killing this monster is worth it!

Not only can you get energy points, but you can also get rare judgment points.

His vocation level is still at level 2, and now he has finally made progress.

[Successful killing the **** double-headed dog! The fragments of the dark seal burst out! 】

[Successful killing the **** double-headed dog! The fragments of the dark seal burst out! 】

[Successful killing the **** double-headed dog! The fragments of the dark seal burst out! 】

...

At this time, the six-headed dog corpse lit up, and a fragment of the seal appeared one after another.

Aww~!

The only remaining hellhound, seeing this scene, roared in horror, turned around and drilled back to the village.

Qin Feng hurriedly picked up the seal fragment and rushed towards the village.

This time, he couldn't let the hellhound escape again!

As for the corpse of the Cerberus, he had already taken out the full amount, so there was no need to pay attention.

Wow~!

Qin Feng suddenly penetrated the protective mask outside the village.

This time, he entered smoothly.

At the same time, Tiandao's reminder sounded in his mind.

[Reminder: You have entered a highly dangerous area - the lost village. Your dark seal disappears automatically. 】

To enter the Lost Village, you must consume a Dark Seal.

Qin Feng had prepared the dark seal long before this.

As soon as he entered the village, he saw the hellhound fleeing from a distance of more than ten meters.

Qin Feng flicked his index finger, and a burst of energy popped out of his fingertips.

huh~!

In just a split second, that energy hit the back of the Cerberus' head.

puff~!

A soft sound!

Blood splashes!

The hellhound was shot across the head.

It roared miserably and fell to the ground in one step.

[Killing the 10th-level Hell Double-Headed Dog (mutation level) successfully, obtains +15 Judgment Points and +1000 Energy Points. 】

[Successful killing the **** double-headed dog! The fragments of the dark seal burst out! 】

good!

Got another 15 Judgment Points!

Qin Feng is satisfied.

Compared with energy value, he cares more about judgment value.

After all, the judgment value is too difficult to obtain.

Immediately, he walked towards the dog corpse.

There is also a fragment of the seal there.

But at this moment, the yellow mud floor stained red by the dog's blood wriggled strangely, slowly swallowing the dog's corpse at a speed visible to the naked eye...

In a blink of an eye, the corpse of the Cerberus was swallowed underground and disappeared.

Even the blood on the ground disappeared completely.

Only one residual mark remained, left alone on the ground.

The **** smell in the air has faded, but the atmosphere is even more gloomy and weird.

Qin Feng was stunned!

This village is really weird!

He took a deep breath and looked around.

There are dilapidated novice wooden houses in the eyes, and there are broken walls and scorch marks everywhere.

The air was filled with a damp musty smell, and a faint smell of blood.

Looking at the sky above the village, it was shrouded in thick fog.

What a weird village!

The layout is exactly the same as that of 911 Village.

But how could it be ruined like this?

Who the **** attacked the village?

By the way, after the novice assessment is over, there will be a Heavenly Punisher descending on the village.

Perhaps, this used to be a normal novice village, and it was finally destroyed by the hands of the punisher, and it became like this.

Qin Feng was thinking wildly in his heart.

From the clues, he could see that it was not only the Blue Stars who were forcibly pulled into this killing world.

Before this, people from other worlds should have appeared.

Three thousand world!

Blue Star is just a drop in the ocean!

If so, the future is really exciting!

Qin Feng walked forward silently, picked up the fragment of the seal, and looked around.

He is now in the village square.

Going further, there is a street leading into the depths of the village.

He hasn't figured out what to do to complete the 'future village head' task and get the appointment letter from the village head.

It seems that he has to go deep into the village and explore.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the fragment of the seal and prepared to enter the street on the left to investigate.

Boom~Long~Long!

But at this moment, the ground ahead suddenly shook, making a rumble.

Qin Feng was startled, and quickly grasped the handle of the knife and looked at the ground.

Bang~!

A blast!

The ground burst open, and the dust splashed everywhere!

A giant beast emerges from the ground!

Qin Feng took a closer look.

It turned out to be a huge dog with a height of five feet, a black body, and three heads.

It exudes a monstrous corpse aura, as if it has just climbed out of hell, and its momentum is extremely amazing.

At this moment, its six pupils stared at Qin Feng, showing contempt.

A small level 10 human dared to break into the village it guarded.

It's just courting death!

By the way, isn't this human being here for the 'Village Chief Appointment Letter'?

There was suspicion in the strange dog's eyes.

If he came for the appointment letter of the village chief, then this human is definitely a strong man.