Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He suddenly felt bad!

Swish~!

At the moment, he accelerated his speed, and stabbed Qin Feng's eyebrows with one finger quickly!

huh~!

At this moment, Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

He has shuttled into the long river of time and space!

The old ancestor of the years stabbed the air with his finger!

He was immediately stunned!

huh~!

In the next second, a white light flashed around him!

A stalwart figure appeared out of thin air!

The person here is Qin Feng!

However, that is Qin Feng at his peak!

No longer the little cute baby from before!

The old ancestor of the years opened his eyes in horror, and his eyes were full of unbelievable colors!

This... how is this possible? !

How did this kid recover? !

Qin Feng's mouth twitched: "Master is back!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, he slapped the old ancestor of the years with a palm.......

Chapter 631 Kill with one palm! Move the sky!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same time that the palm was taken, Qin Feng's body rose up against the wind and turned into a giant body again!

That palm naturally became obscuring the sky!

hum~!

Immediately afterwards, a celestial illusion appeared behind Qin Feng!

A Prison Suppression Opens!

The attack power of that palm instantly increased by 30%, and the momentum was devastating!

The old ancestor of the years opened his eyes in horror!

At this moment, he felt the threat of death!

He wanted to escape, but under the shroud of Qin Feng's huge palm, he had no way to escape!

He really couldn't figure it out, how did Qin Feng recover?

Could it be that this kid used time talent, such as going back in time!

But going back in time can only go back one second!

He turned Qin Feng into a 2-year-old state for more than a second.

Even if 'back in time' is used, Qin Feng cannot be saved.

More importantly, this heavenly book world restrained Qin Feng's time talent!

It stands to reason that even if Qin Feng wants to go back in time, he can't use it!

It is precisely because of this that he will use the "sacrifice of the years" before the world collapses, just because Qin Feng will use the "rewind time".

The ancestors of the years do not know that Qin Feng is not using time back, but time travel!

This book world can imprison Qin Feng's time talent, but it can't imprison Qin Feng's space talent.

And the SS-level time and space talent, which is above the time talent and space talent, is even more imprisoned.

Qin Feng can naturally display it.

Of course, the old ancestor of the years still has a place that he does not understand.

That is a little cute baby about 2 years old. Does she have spiritual power in her body?

Can you use skills?

Naturally, he didn't know that Qin Feng's skills depended on the power of mind and luck.

The Son of Destiny, who is accompanied by great luck, has exceeded his imagination!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for the old ancestors to think more, Qin Feng's palm has fallen!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the palm wind passes, all voids are broken, and all laws are in disorder!

"No~!"

The ancestors of the years shouted in horror!

He still wanted to perform the 'Sacrifice of the Years' again, but he had less than ten years of lifespan left.

What's more, the cooldown of Sacrifice of the Years is one month.

He can no longer perform!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

That palm was slapped on the old ancestor of the years!

Blood shot!

The ancestors of the years were bombarded on the spot!

It turned into a **** fog!

But in the next second, the blood mist rolled over, and the old ancestor of the years wanted to be resurrected!

The God Punishment pupil on Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened, spurting out a golden light of God Punishment!

huh~!

In just an instant, the golden divine light penetrated the blood mist, and also penetrated the soul of the ancestors of the years!

Poof~!

A soft sound!

The old soul body burst into pieces!

The mournful roar echoed in the void!

A mighty person can die just like that!

The next second, an extremely dazzling white light flew out of the blood mist and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You successfully killed the hider (middle stage of True God), you have obtained +300 million attributes]

[You successfully killed the hider (middle stage of True God), you obtained +2.4 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed the hider (middle stage of True God), and you got +80 million points. 】

[You successfully killed the hider (middle stage of True God), and you gained +500 reputation. 】

[You successfully killed the hider (mid-stage true god), and you got +6 gold points. 】

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

In the next second, his stature shrank rapidly, releasing the law of the world.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

It was at this moment that the surrounding Heavenly Book World began to disintegrate at an accelerated rate!

Ka~cha~!

Another shocking sound!

That day, the book world collapsed and disappeared completely!

In the next second, Qin Feng's figure appeared in the outside world!

He fell slowly from the sky.

At the same time as him, there are the remains of the ancestors of the years, as well as the storage ring left by the ancestors of the years, and a middle-grade god-rank long sword and a low-grade god-rank **** armor.

correct!

It's time for him to resurrect his clone!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and not far away, the starlight gathered three human figures.

After a while, the Mirage clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone appeared one after another.

At the same time, the Moon Spirit clone, which was far away in the sixth division, was also resurrected on the spot.

At this time, the Yueling clone had already arrived next to the Tiance Clan's residence.

Seeing the clone reappear, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

The next second, he walked towards the wreckage of the old ancestor of the years...

After this old guy died, he left behind a lot of treasures!

After a while, Qin Feng came to the wreckage and put away the middle-grade divine sword, the low-grade divine armor, and the storage ring.

After doing this, he began to extract the remains of the ancestors of the years...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the time skill - time delay]

[Time delay: It can make the target's time flow ten times slower, the maintenance time is 10 seconds, and the skill cooldown time is 10 minutes. 】

Qin Feng smiled slightly, feeling good, and continued to extract...

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the time skill - time force field]

[Time force field: It can maintain a radius of 500 miles, and the time flow rate is ten times that of the outside world]

【Endless extraction success! You have acquired the time skill - sacrifice of years]

[Sacrifice of the Years: Sacrifice one's own life, let the target return to the state of the past years]

[Reminder: The minimum sacrifice lifespan is 200 years. The more life essence sacrificed, the better the skill effect. 】

Three extractions!

All used up!

Qin Feng retracted his palm with satisfaction.

The old ancestor of the years is very powerful, and he has actually extracted 3 kinds of time skills!

Among them, there is the most practical time force field!

But before Qin Feng was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[It is detected that you have awakened SS-level time and space talents, and the time skills you have acquired are automatically greatly enhanced]

[Time delay: The cooling time of the skill is shortened to 5 minutes. 】

[Time Force Field: The skill coverage is expanded to a thousand miles, and the time acceleration multiplier is increased to 15 times. 】

[Sacrifice of years: The minimum sacrifice lifespan is reduced to 100 years, and the sacrifice effect is doubled. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing surprise!