Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

SS-level time and space talent is awesome!

The three time skills he had just obtained were all strengthened!

Especially the time force field that he cared about most, its time acceleration has been increased to 15 times.

This is much stronger than Qiyue's time force field!

In the future, as long as he arranges a fission variant to keep guarding in the zero-degree space, he can always maintain the time force field in it.

There is no need for Qiyue to retreat there all the time.

Having said that, keeping Qiyue in seclusion will also delay the improvement of Qiyue's level and strength.

That little girl worked hard and made a lot of money, it is time to free her and let her improve her strength with all her strength.

What's more, Qi Yue's strength improvement is also beneficial to him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect.

Afterwards, he casually flipped through the storage ring of the old ancestor of the years, and he was surprised again.

The resources treasured in the storage ring are extremely rich, such as the Bu Shou Dan of the demigod rank.

[Bushou Dan: Demigod Rank. 】

[When Shouyuan is damaged, taking one can restore a hundred years of lifespan]

[Reminder: When Shouyuan is not damaged, taking it is invalid]

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

It is ingenious to use this Longevity Pill in conjunction with the 'Sacrifice of the Years'!

Presumably the ancestors of the years have been secretly preparing, but now Qin Feng is cheaper.

However, the storage ring is only three longevity pills.

It seems that sacrifices in those years still cannot be used easily.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the storage ring with satisfaction, and released a ball of golden flames, turning the wreckage of the old ancestors into ashes.

By the way, there are also the remains of the ancestors of reincarnation, which have not been extracted endlessly!

With this in mind, Qin Feng came to the wreckage of the reincarnation ancestor again and started endless extraction...

In just a moment, he extracted 10,000 points of strength, 10,000 points of agility, and 10,000 points of energy from the reincarnation ancestor, which was considered a small gain.

At this moment, a page of a divine book slowly fell from the sky, which was the next page of the book in this world.

The ancestor of reincarnation is dead!

The Heavenly Book world completely collapsed, and it was once again transformed back to the **** page.

Qin Feng caught the golden page with one hand, and his eyes were hot.

The page of the divine book, the wonders of heaven and earth of the mid-grade divine order!

Now, he has got two.

If you get the pages of the Book of the World, and then combine the three pages into one, you can get the Book of the World of the High Grade God Rank.

The pages of the book in this world seem to be in the hands of Qingchengzi!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up at the fifth division.

It's time for him to go to Division 5!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him.

The next second, Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, and Qiyue appeared one after another.

"Master~~!"

"dad!"

When the four of them saw Qin Feng, they were overjoyed.

"Dad, what about the ancestors of the years, the ancestors of reincarnation, and the ancestors of Wuhuang?"

Afterwards, Xiao Luan'er looked around with a wary expression.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "They have all fallen!"

"What?! They're dead!"

"That's great!"

As soon as these words fell, Feng Xi's three girls were pleasantly surprised!

Jumang also cheered happily.

Afterwards, Feng Xi said with a puzzled look: "Master, you killed the three old ancestors of the years, why didn't Tiandao make an announcement?"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "To kill those three people, they were all beheaded in the Heavenly Book World. Perhaps it is because of this reason that Tiandao did not issue an announcement. However, it does not matter if there is no announcement. The rewards given by Tiandao are not less at all. !"

Feng Xi suddenly said, "So that's how it is!"

Then, her eyes lit up again: "Master, this is also very good! Tiandao did not issue an announcement, and Taishi and Yuanchu did not know the truth. They thought that the master was being besieged by the old ancestors of the years!"

"If you let them know, the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of the reincarnation are dead. The blue-green camp will definitely collapse in fright, and they would have fled everywhere. Especially Taishi and Yuanchu will definitely escape!"

Xiao Luan'er's mouth twitched: "Humph! The Blue Star Realm is so big, even if they want to escape, how can they escape to where?"

Feng Xi took a deep breath: "Luan'er, if Yuanchu and Taishi really want to escape, they can still escape. They can abandon the Blue Star Realm, go directly through the gate of the starry sky, and escape to Qingyuexing."

"There is an interstellar teleportation array on the Qingyue star, which can be teleported to other planets. There are tens of thousands of killing planets in our Qinglong star field. When they escape, how do you know they will escape to that planet?"

"Their escape is equivalent to leaving us with two big hidden dangers in Longyuan City. Who knows if they will come back for revenge in the future? If one day, the master leaves the Blue Star Realm, they take the opportunity to kill them back, and the entire Longyuan City will suffer."

After hearing these words, Xiao Luan'er and Qi Yuejin's expressions changed slightly.

Even Jumang nodded his head, seemingly incomprehensible.

There are three natural satellites in the Blue Star Realm, namely Red Moon Star, Blue Moon Star, and Blue Moon Star.

The Lingtian Temple is on the Red Moon Star, which is the place to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

The Temple of Creation is on the Blue Moon Star, which is the place to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

The Interstellar Teleportation Array is on the Qingyue Star, which is the place leading to other planets.

At this time, Feng Xi said again: "'" Again, Yuan Chu and Tai Shi were both great powers in the early stage of False God, but their overall strength was comparable to that in the middle stage of False God. With their strength, it would be easy to escape to Qingyuexing! "

"After all, there is more than one gate to the starry sky. Even if we want to intercept it in advance, we don't know which gate of starry sky we should go to. If I see it, if Yuanchu and Taishi really want to escape, it will only take half an hour. Can escape to Qingyuexing."

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "It doesn't take half an hour! If the two of them really want to escape, they can reach Qingyuexing in two or three minutes!"

As soon as these words fell, the three girls were all shocked.

Feng Xi was surprised: "Why?"

Qin Fengyao looked at the starry sky: "All the artifacts of the sky come with a skill 'Survey the sky and move'."

"Surveying the sky and moving: You can move to the outside of the planet in a single thought, ignoring the planet's enchantment. Its limit range is no more than one billion miles around the planet, and the skill cooldown time is 10 minutes."

"That is to say, Yuan Chu and Tai Shi found out that the situation was not right, and within a single thought, they could escape from the Blue Star Realm and rush to the vicinity of the Blue Moon Star. At that time, they could easily escape."

Feng Xi was surprised: "I didn't expect that there is such a secret!"

Feng Xi's tone was filled with emotion!

She didn't own the divine artifact, so naturally she didn't know about it.

She didn't even know that Qin Feng, as a 'Surveyor', the skill of 'Surveying the Sky' has been strengthened and can be used twice in a row within ten minutes.

Yuan Chu and Tai Shi can only be used once!

At this time, Qiyue also sighed: "Master, if you say so, it is really easy for Taishi and Yuanchu to escape! Fortunately, this time, the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation died, and they did not know the news. "

Xiao Luan'er smiled proudly: "Hee hee! This is a good thing! Those two guys won't run away if they don't know the truth."

"At that time, Dad suddenly kills them in front of them. I'm afraid that they will be killed by Dad before they understand what's going on. That way, they will be able to eliminate hidden dangers forever!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

He was also a little worried that Yuan Chu and Tai Shi would slip away first when they got the truth.

Tiandao did not announce the fall information of the old ancestors and others, which is indeed very beneficial to him!

Having said that, Qin Feng also wants to capture the divine artifact of Yuanchu and Taishi.

Between heaven-suppressing artifacts, as long as they are refined, they can be integrated with each other. (with money)

He also integrated the two divine artifacts into his own divine wings.

Maybe, once the fusion is completed, his Heavenly Survey Divine Wing can be advanced to a high-grade artifact.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help feeling hot and looking forward to it.

At this time, Feng Xi smiled and said, "Master, now it seems that there is no announcement from Heaven, there are only advantages and no disadvantages for us. Then what are we going to do next?"

Qin Fengyao looked towards the fifth division.

"Go to the fifth division first and join Qingchengzi and Liu Xuan!"Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Xiao Luan'er was delighted: "Dad, I have long wanted to join everyone. I want to see how everyone's strength has improved after the upgrade of Longyuan City this time."

Qin Feng smiled: "then let's go... Wait a minute, I almost forgot a serious business!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng opened his data panel...

[Free attribute]: 600 million

[Golden Points]: 34 points

【Reputation】: 10800 points.

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't help but smile.

This time, beheading the 'Reincarnation Patriarch' and the 'Several Patriarch' has brought him a huge harvest. It can be said that the harvest is full of pots!

For light attribute points, I got 600 million points!

I do not know such a huge harvest, will there be any chance to meet in the future?

It is estimated that it will be difficult to encounter again!

After all, when the third round of hegemony is over, the blessing of ten times the reward will disappear!

In the future, if he kills existences like Old Ancestor Years and Old Ancestor of Reincarnation, it would be good to get 60 million attributes.

In short, he is extremely satisfied with the current harvest!

At the moment, Qin Feng no longer hesitated, and directly added a starting point to himself.

The stronger his strength, the easier it is to kill Yuanchu and Taishi in seconds.

He didn't want to let the two of them escape at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, leaving hidden dangers for himself!

In this way, Qin Feng added a little more comfortably.

Feng Xi's three daughters and Jumang waited by the side.

Up to now, Qin Feng does not know that there is a terrible hidden danger hidden in the sixth division.

That's Pope Paul of Bright Town!

More specifically, the Bible in Paul's hands. . . . . .

Chapter 632 The Fourth-Class Star Lord! Supreme Survey!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to add 600 million attribute points!

His basic combat power has soared to 52 million stars in one fell swoop.

Such a huge improvement makes Qin Feng extremely satisfied!

And his improvement, the temperament of the whole person, more and more noble, and has an extraordinary rhyme.

Feng Xi, who was beside him, looked at her eyes with brilliance, and her pretty face turned slightly red for no reason.

There was a look of infatuation on that beautiful face.

Qiyue is also an eye dew worship!

"Wow! Dad, your breath seems to have become much stronger!"