Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Dad! Daddy! You're stronger again!"

Xiao Luan'er and Xiao Jumang were even more excited.

Qin Feng fondly touched the heads of the two little guys.

He is also quite satisfied with the improvement in his own strength.

"Master, your current strength should be close to the threshold of the true god's limit, right?"

Feng Xi asked curiously.

Qin Feng smiled.

His current basic combat power is 52 million stars. If you count the power of the Tao, it is 53.2 million stars, which has crossed the threshold of the true god's limit.

The range of true God's ultimate combat power is 50 million to 80 million stars

Of course, Qin Feng has not counted the power of the artifact's feedback and the sacrifice of the five messengers.

If all of these are counted, then it is the proper ultimate power of the True God.

At least he is at the limit level of the true god, and he is no longer the weak at the bottom.

At the moment, Qin Feng smiled and said, "Just over the threshold of the true God's limit!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, Feng Xi and the four were surprised!

The master's performance is always beyond their expectations!

At this moment, the four of them worship Qin Feng more and more!

Feng Xi was even more excited: "Master, with your current strength, in the upcoming Star Master assessment, you will definitely gain the position of Star Master and become the first Star Master in the history of the Blue Star Realm!"

"Even, the master has the hope of attacking the fourth-class star-lord and promoting our Blue Star Realm to the fourth-class planet in one fell swoop!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng was curious: "Fourth Star Lord? What's going on?"

Feng Xi smiled and said, "On the word of mouth left by our ancestors, it is said that star master candidates can participate in the star master assessment. Those who pass the assessment can become star masters and be granted the position of star lord by the Tao of Heaven."

"The Star-Lord is divided into five ranks, and the weakest is the fifth-rank Star-Lord. Generally, only the ultimate power of the True God can obtain this title. Of course, a very small number of powerful True God's peak 983 can also obtain this title."

"Above the fifth-rank star-rank is the fourth-rank star-rank. It is rumored that only when the strength reaches the level of the main **** can hope to get the fourth-rank star-rank. Very few true gods have this opportunity."

"However, that is one in a thousand. That is to say, only one of the thousand fourth-class star-lords is at the extreme level of the true god. The master has so many top talents and many methods, and he is very hopeful to sprint for a fourth-class star. Sir."

Feng Xi is full of confidence in Qin Feng!

Nothing more than this young and handsome master, who can always create one miracle after another.

This made her unconsciously think that Qin Feng was omnipotent.

And as soon as her words fell, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were all amazed.

"My God! Sister Feng Xi, according to what you said, it is too difficult to become a fourth-rank Star Lord!"

"Yeah! Only one of a thousand true gods can become a fourth-class star-lord. In this way, the true god's limit who can become a fourth-class star-lord must have a combat power of 80 million stars, or even exceed this battle. The power is at its limit!"

Qin Feng smiled bitterly: "80 million stars, that is the upper limit of the limit of ordinary true gods. The true **** limit of being a fourth-class star-lord is definitely more than that. You know, the battle power of the main **** realm is 200 million stars!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er were both stunned!

"My God! 200 million stars! Dad, this Lord God is too strong! So, it's easy for the Lord God to kill the true God's limit, and it can even be killed in seconds!"

Qin Feng nodded: "Indeed! The further back in this practice, the greater the barriers to combat power between realms. Generally speaking, the False God realm still has the possibility to challenge the true God realm by leaps and bounds. For example, the reincarnation ancestor can do it. "

"As for the true **** realm to challenge the main **** realm, I am afraid that it is extremely rare, or even unheard of."

Qiyue nodded slightly: "So, it is too difficult to obtain a fourth-rank Star Lord! This is far beyond our imagination!"

Feng Xi also said: "This is indeed extremely difficult! However, if the master obtains a fourth-class star-rank, the reward given by Tiandao is also extremely generous."

"Of course, not only the master can get rewards, but also the people of the master's planet can get a lot of rewards. The resources of the entire planet will also be improved. In short, there are too many benefits."

"Not only that, the master will go to the headquarters of the Azure Dragon Starfield in the future. The attitude of the people in the headquarters towards the star masters is that they recognize the title, not the realm. The higher the title, the better the treatment, and the more respectful their attitude is. !"

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "It's interesting! However, these are still far from me. With my current strength, it is not bad to be able to win the fifth-rank Star Lord in the Star Clan assessment."

"As for the fourth-class Star-Lord, don't think about it for the time being. At least after my combat power reaches 80 million stars, I am qualified to consider the fourth-class Star-Lord!"

Feng Xi smiled and said, "Master, in fact, the fifth-rank star-rank is extremely remarkable! For millions of years, the Blue Star Realm has never given birth to a fifth-rank star-rank. You should be the first!"

Qin Feng smiled: "This third round of hegemony is not over yet. I'm not even a star candidate. It's too early to say this! Let's go! Go to the fifth division!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng was about to launch a space reverse summon to go to the fifth division...

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao...

[It is detected that you have been promoted to 'Son of Destiny' and your reputation has exceeded 10,000. 】

[Congratulations on meeting the conditions, automatically activate the new title task! 】

[New title - Supreme Sky Surveyor. 】

[Promotion requirements: The basic combat power reaches 70 million stars. 】

[Reminder: If the new title is promoted successfully, you will receive extremely generous rewards! 】

what!

The new title task is activated!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

The promotion requirements this time are very simple, as long as the combat power reaches 70 million stars, you can be promoted.

His current basic combat power is 52 million stars, which is still a long way from this goal.

"Master, what's wrong?"

Feng Xi was keenly aware of something strange.

Qin Feng smiled happily: "Nothing! Just activated a title task!"

Feng Xi was pleasantly surprised: "Master, this is a good thing! If you complete the new title task, it will definitely help you to hit the fourth-rank Star Lord!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "It's true!"

Then, he smiled and said: "The new title will not be promoted for a while. Let's go! Go and see Qingchengzi and the others!"

As soon as the voice fell, the group turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, in the fifth division, Wuzhuangguan station.

Those Longyuan disciples and Wuzhuangguan disciples were all happy.

They have already digested it, and this time Longyuan City's harvest has skyrocketed.

Today, there is no one in Longyuan whose combat power is lower than 150,000 stars.

Those who have reached the demigod realm have reached more than 400 people.

Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan all broke one million stars.

And the improvement of the children of Wuzhuangguan is even greater.

Not only did they absorb the rewards of level 11 cities, but they also upgraded level 7 wooden houses to level 1 residential buildings!

Today, in the Wuzhuang Temple, there is no one whose combat power is lower than 50,000 stars, and all of them have reached the eighth level of heaven.

The speed of the skyrocketing strength far exceeded their cognition!

And among them, Qingchengzi had the biggest improvement!

He has upgraded (aiei) his wooden house to a level 1 title pavilion.

Today, his basic combat power has reached 1.3 million stars.

If the original "Book of Changes" is used again, the comprehensive combat power can reach 1.7 million stars, just entering the initial stage of False God.

Such an improvement had never been imagined by Qingchengzi before.

In a word, this kind of strength has made Wuzhuang Guan go up and down and be grateful to Qin Feng.

If not for Qin Feng, how could they have achieved today?

At this moment, the station is in the sky.

Qingchengzi, Liu Xuan, Granny Fengqi, and Elder Qishan were chatting.

Below, the disciples of Longyuan and Wuzhuangguan were cleaning up the battlefield.

Before, they were busy digesting the gains from Longyuan's upgrade, and they never had time to clean up the battlefield.

Only then did everyone free up time to start clearing the battlefield.

"Liu Xuan, all of you up and down Long Yuan, do you all recognize Qin City Lord as the master?"

At this moment, Qingchengzi asked curiously.

"Of course! Can I still lie to you? After the boss is recognized as the master, the boss can cast a space call on us. Before, you also saw that the boss's avatar summoned us all with one move!"

Liu Xuan explained it carefully.

It turned out that he was actually persuading Wuzhuangguan to go up and down, and he also believed that Qin Feng was the master.

Qingchengzi nodded slightly: "Indeed!"

Afterwards, he smiled and said: "That's the case, when the poor road sees the city lord, he will recognize him as the master. I wonder if Qin Feng's city lord can see the poor road?"

Liu Xuan smiled and said: "Master Qing Guan is joking! With your strength and talent, you are also ranked in our Longyuan City. Not necessarily, you can still be favored by the boss and become his new messenger!"

"Messenger? What is that?"

Qingchengzi was very curious.

Liu Xuan smiled and said, "Master Qing Guan, you have seen the four of them, Jumang, Fengxi, Qiyue, and Xiaoluaner before, right? All of them have the strength of the False God Realm!"

Qingchengzi nodded slightly: "I see! All four of them are stronger than Pindao! They are all so young! Pindao is ashamed!"

Liu Xuan smiled and said: "Tell me the truth! The four of them are the boss's messengers! Only the best people in our Longyuan City are qualified to be the boss's messengers, and they will also receive the boss's key training."

"Of course, before you want to become the boss's messenger, you must first recognize the boss. With your qualifications and talents, you are still very qualified to be selected by the old election!"

Hearing this, Qingchengzi's eyes lit up and he said excitedly: "Really?! You said that Pindao has hope to become the envoy of the city lord?"

Liu Xuan smiled and said, "I think there is a 90% chance!"

Elder Qishan also stroked his beard and smiled: "If you want to see this, it's very possible! To be honest, being able to become the master's messenger is something that Long Yuan is extremely envious of!"

Qingchengzi was overjoyed: "If you can become the envoy of the city lord, that would be great! By the way, three, the city lord will come at that time. The three of you have a few good words to help the poor!"

"Haha!! That's what it should be!"

The three of Liu Xuan readily agreed.

At this time, Granny Feng Qi looked hesitantly at the second competition area.

"Several, after the master and Feng Xi returned to the second division, there has been no news, and I don't know what happened to them? Thinking about it, I am still a little worried!"

Speaking of this, Granny Feng Xi looked anxious.

With this reminder, Liu Xuan and Elder Qishan remembered their business.

"Yeah! The master fought with the ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of the years! After a period of time, Tiandao has not issued an announcement, and I don't know what the situation is?"

Elder Qishan also faced anxiety.

Liu Xuan frowned: "It should be alright! Look at the red light spot that represents the boss, it's still good, and it's still in the second division!"Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Granny Feng Qi sighed: "That said, the enemy the master faced this time is too strong. The ancestors of reincarnation and the ancestors of years are all existences at the middle level of true gods!"

"There are even more rumors that the real strength of these two people even exceeds that of the middle stage of the true god. Even if the master has the strength of the peak of the true god, I'm afraid it will not be easy to deal with! You say, how can I not worry about it?"

Liu Xuan was shocked: "Isn't it? Are the old monsters of Samsara and the old monsters so strong?"

Granny Feng Qi smiled bitterly: "Let's not talk about the old monster of reincarnation, but the old monster of years is known as the number one powerhouse in the Blue Star Realm! How can you underestimate it?"

Hearing this, Liu Xuan and Elder Qishan couldn't help but look at each other face to face, and they panicked.

They are all worried about Qin Feng!

Qin Feng is Long Yuan's pillar of support!

They naturally don't want Qin Feng to have an accident!