Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this, Qingchengzi hurriedly comforted him: "Don't be impatient for the three! Pindao has taken a hexagram before. After my Wuzhuangguan meets the city owner, I will walk steadily, and the hexagrams have all been fulfilled!"

"Presumably, the city lord will have his own good looks, and this war will be fine. Otherwise, the old man will take another guess and measure the result of the city lord's battle this time!"

Liu Xuan's eyes lit up: "Hey! This is okay! Lord Qing Guan, come and take a look at it!"

"it is good!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qingchengzi took out the book of "Book of Changes"...

At this moment, white light flashed in front of them, and Qin Feng and his party appeared out of thin air.

"Hey! Boss!"

"Owner!"

When the three of Liu Xuan saw Qin Feng, they were full of surprises!

Below, Long Yuan's disciples also saw Qin Feng and immediately cheered.

The atmosphere in the field instantly became active.

Qingchengzi didn't have time to put away the "Book of Changes", and hurried forward to salute.

"Pindao has seen Lord City Lord!"

"Master Qing Guan is polite!"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile.

The next second, his eyes fell on "Book of Changes".

This ancient book is probably the page he is looking for in the present book......

Chapter 633 Dragon Clan Supreme! Judgment Domain!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled and said, "Master Qing Guan, your ancient book seems to be extraordinary!"

"City Lord, do you mean the original "Book of Changes"?"

Qingchengzi smiled and took out the book in his hand.

As soon as the book came out, it exuded an ancient and prehistoric atmosphere, and it also revealed the two ancient texts on the cover~the big characters 'Zhouyi'.

"Hey! It's actually 'Zhou Yi'!"

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

This was the first time he saw the title of a book!

Last time, the Mirage clone saw Qingchengzi use it, but did not see the title of the book.

As a native of Longbi, how could Qin Feng not know what the "Book of Changes" is?

That is a precious classic left by the ancestors to the Longbi people!

It is rumored that the appearance of "Book of Changes" was earlier than Lao Tzu's "Tao Te Ching"!

Strange!

How can the pages of the present book be transformed into the appearance of "Book of Changes"?

Could this be Qingchengzi's illusion?

"Hey! It's really "Book of Changes"!"

At this time, Liu Xuan also recognized it and was quite surprised.

His ancient prose is not very good, and Qin Feng reminded him before he recognized it.

"Zhou Yi? Master, what is that?!"

Granny Feng Qi and Elder Qishan were at a loss.

They are not from Longbi, so naturally they don't know what "Book of Changes" is.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and said: ""Book of Changes" is a classic collection of my Longbi people, which is handed down by our ancestors to our descendants. It is rumored that this "Book of Changes" is extremely magical. Very little."

Granny Feng Qi suddenly said, "It turns out to be a classic in prediction, but it's extremely rare!"

Elder Qishan also nodded: "Yes! The technique of prediction is related to the number of human beings. And what the number of human beings is, few people know. Some rumors are related to luck, and I don't know if it is true or not. ?"

Qingchengzi's eyes lit up: "Elder Qishan, what you said, really touched the key point. The study of prediction is closely related to luck. The so-called plan depends on people, and success depends on the sky."

"As the saying goes: when the sky is not in season, the sun and the moon are without light; when the earth is not in time, the grass and trees do not grow; when the water is not in time, the wind and waves are uneven; when people are not in time, the fortunes are different."

"There is another saying: Heaven and earth have the same strength all the time, and it is not free to transport heroes! The impact of this luck on the number of human beings can be described as great!"

Elder Qishan was amazed: "Master Qing Guan, from what you have said, you have a lot of research on the way of prediction!"

Qingchengzi smiled modestly: "I have a little experience!"

At this time, Qin Feng was curious: "Qing Guanzhu, I think this "Book of Changes" is just an illusion. Its original image is not this "Book of Changes"! Is it an illusion performed by Qing Guanzhu?"

Qingchengzi smiled: "The city lord's eyes are like torches, and he can see through the details of this "Book of Changes" at a glance. However, the illusion of this "Book of Changes" was not cast by me, but by our ancestor Longbi."

Qin Feng was surprised: "Our ancestors?"

Liu Xuan also showed surprise.

Qingchengzi continued: "As of now, Pindao will tell the truth! Pindao's book of "Book of Changes" is the "Book of Changes" passed down by my Wuzhuang Guan ancestral. "Book of Changes" original."

"As for the various "Books of Changes" that appeared in Longbi later, most of them are copies of it, not the original. Pindao originally thought that it was just an antique."

"However, I never thought that after I brought it to this world, I unintentionally unlocked its seal. Only then did I know that this book is actually a middle-grade god-level wonder!"

Liu Xuan was greatly surprised: "No way! This thing is actually a heaven and earth wonder of the middle-rank **** rank? Or did you bring it from our dragon? But our world is full of ordinary people, how can we have such a god? thing?"

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "That's not necessarily true! Liu Xuan, please recall the history of our family. The ancient era was a mythical era, and there are many great powers in the sky!"

Liu Xuan was stunned: "Uh~! Aren't those myths? Could it be..."

Having said this, his eyes lit up.

Immediately, he looked at Qin Feng in shock.

"Boss, do you mean that the so-called ancient myths of our Longbi are likely to be real history?"

Qin Feng pondered: "I'm just guessing! However, this kind of wonders of heaven and earth of the middle-rank **** rank actually appeared in the hands of our ancestors, and it must have something to do with our ancestors."

Qingchengzi also nodded slightly: "Pindao thinks so too! Perhaps, the origin of our ancestors is far beyond our imagination!"

At this point in the topic discussion, Qin Feng and Liu Xuan are very interested.

At the moment, Liu Xuan asked again: "Master Qing Guan, do you know which ancestor wrote this "Book of Changes" originally?"

Qingchengzi pondered: "It has always been rumored that "Book of Changes" was written in the pre-Qin period and was written by King Wen of Zhou! But as far as the poor know, it was not born in the pre-Qin period, but "was born in the era of the emperor's family in Longbi. Earlier than the pre-Qin period! "

Liu Xuan wondered: "The era of the emperor? When was that?"

Qingchengzi sighed: "The rumor is tens of thousands of years ago! Anyway, it was a long, long time ago! The Emperor is the head of the five dragons, and I, the Longbi people, started from him, and the dragon is the totem! It can be said that we are all his descendants! "

Liu Xuan exclaimed: "It's so amazing! By the way, Master Qing Guan, can you untie the seal of this "Book of Changes". Let's see what the artifacts left by our ancestors look like?"

Qingchengzi readily agreed: "Of course!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he reached out and stroked the book of "Book of Changes"!

Om~!

In the next second, the book of "Book of Changes" burst into light, and its shape wriggled and changed, and finally turned into a thin page, radiating dazzling golden light.

The divine page was filled with divine scriptures, each word had its own divine light, and the atmosphere was extraordinary!

Everyone can't help but turn on the art of detection......

[The Book of Gods in the World (middle): middle-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Book of the present: high-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Reminder: Due to special reasons, the book of the present world has been disintegrated and turned into three pages of gods, divided into upper, middle and lower. Each scrap page is a middle-grade god-level treasure, and each has its own purpose. 】

[Reminder: Collect the three pages of the Book of the World to get the top-grade god-level treasure 'Book of the World'...]

Boom~!

After watching this, the whole audience was shocked!

The next second, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan all exclaimed.

"God! Master, this is the page of the book of the present world!"

"Boss! Isn't this the middle page you're looking for!"

At this moment, the three of them were pleasantly surprised!

One by one looks excited!Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

They all know that one of the items Qin Feng wants most at the moment is this book page in this world!

They originally thought that it would be extremely difficult to find this middle page.

Unexpectedly, this middle page is right in front of you!

Qin Feng is also surprised!

He finally confirmed it!

The "Book of Changes" in Qingchengzi's hands was originally the pages of the book he had been searching for.

Qingchengzi looked stunned: "Uh~! City Lord, are you searching for the pages of this world book?"

Qin Feng didn't hide it: "That's right! I'm searching for the middle page! Moreover, I have found the previous page and the next page!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng spread his palms.

In the next second, two magical pages floated above his palm, filled with strange divine inscriptions, each exuding a strange golden light.

The two pages of the book appeared at once, and they all shone for thousands of miles, exuding an amazing atmosphere!

That momentum is exactly the same as Qingchengzi's middle page!

The slight difference is that one of the pages in Qin Feng's hands exudes the aura of 'Heavenly Dao', and the other exudes an aura of 'authentic'.

And the pages in Qingchengzi's hands exude a 'humane' breath!

Qingchengzi was greatly surprised, and hurriedly snooped away...

[The Book of Gods in the Present World (Part 1): Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[The Book of Gods in the Present World (Part 2): Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

Oh my God!

It really is the first page and the next page of the book of the present world!

This time, Qingchengzi was completely shocked.

After a while, he regained his senses and swallowed involuntarily.

Then, he took a deep breath and looked at Qin Feng.

"City Lord, did you also bring these two pages from Longbi?"

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "No! This is what I got in this world!"

There is another detail that he did not say.

These two pages of gods were obtained from two traitors who judged God's Domain.

"I see!"

Qingchengzi pondered for a while and said: "City Lord, since you have been looking for this treasure! My subordinates would like to dedicate this middle page to you! However, my subordinates have a request!"

As soon as these words fell, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan all lit up.

Qin Feng was also slightly surprised.

He didn't expect that Qingchengzi was so refreshing, and he really wanted to give him the middle page.

Immediately, he said: "Master Qing Guan, if you have any requirements, just say it!"

Qingchengzi took a deep breath and said, "This subordinate asks, the city master can make Pindao your messenger!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled and said, "It's that simple?!"

Qingchengzi was apprehensive: "The subordinates dare not ask too much! The subordinates are only worried that their qualifications are insufficient, and they do not have the qualifications to become your messengers. I hope that the city lord will make an exception for the sake of offering treasures to the poor!"