Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng smiled: "Master Qing Guan, you are humble! I have already observed your aptitude secretly, but you are a god-like combination. This foundation alone is better than Feng Xi, Qi Yue, and Xiao Luan'er."

"You haven't encountered enough opportunities to fight against the three of them. But on your terms, you are fully qualified to be my messenger. Even if you don't dedicate the pages of the Book of the World, I plan to accept you as a messenger! "

Qingchengzi was overjoyed: "City Lord, you agree!"

"certainly!"

"Thank you City Lord!"

Qingchengzi was excited!

Immediately, he picked up the page of the book of the present world and stroked the page with one hand...

Om~!

Flick the palm of your hand!

The page lit up with a dazzling golden light, and the breath became even more extraordinary!

Poof~!

In the next second, a light sound came from the **** page, and the aura quickly dimmed!

It turned out that Qingchengzi had erased the soul imprint he had left in the God Page!

"City lord, the soul seal has been erased! This middle page has become an unowned thing, please accept it!"

Qingchengzi respectfully offered it with both hands.

"it is good!"

Qin Feng was not pretentious, and took over the **** page casually.

At this point, three **** pages are in hand!

As long as he finds a time, refines the next page and the middle page, and then fuses it with the previous page, he will be able to get a high-grade god-level book in this world.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Afterwards, he put away all three divine pages, and took out a middle-grade divine sword and a low-grade divine armor.

That was the trophy he got from the reincarnation ancestor.

"Master Qing Guan, this divine sword and divine armor are for you!"

Qin Feng waved his hand, and the divine sword and divine armor all flew towards Qingchengzi.

"Ah... this!"

When Qingchengzi saw the Divine Sword and Divine Armor, he was a little stunned.

He took it numbly.

Then he reacted and exclaimed: "City Lord, the middle page was given to you voluntarily by subordinates, not exchanged with you. How did you give these two artifacts to subordinates?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "How can I want your things for nothing?!"

Qingchengzi panicked: "Then...then do you still count the matter of accepting your subordinates as messengers?"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Of course I count! The city owner does what he says!"

Qingchengzi was overjoyed: "Thank you City Lord! By the way, City Lord, the things you gave to your subordinates are too precious! A mid-grade sword is enough, no need to give this low-grade divine armor!"

Qin Feng said with a smile: "Take it all! There is no reason to take back what I gave!"

"This... okay! This subordinate thanked the city lord!"

Qingchengzi put away the treasure respectfully, and was grateful.

He felt that this time he exchanged, as if he had earned it.

Before, he had the pages of the book in the present world, and could only feed back 400,000 star combat power.

Now, he has obtained a mid-grade divine sword and a low-grade divine armor, and he can gain a total of 600,000 star combat power back!

I really didn't expect that the city owner was so open and upright that he didn't want to take advantage of his subordinates at all, but instead took care of his subordinates like this.

0････････････････････････････････

Thinking of this, Qingchengzi's respect for Qin Feng has soared, reaching a very high level.

Qingchengzi naturally didn't know that, in Qin Feng's eyes, the value of the pages of the book in this world was much more precious than the combination of the middle-grade sword and the low-grade divine armor.

"Tsk tsk!! Master Qing Guan, you made a lot of money this time!"

"Yeah! The old man is so envious when he sees it!"

"The old man is also extremely envious!"

At this moment, Liu Xuan, Elder Qishan, and Granny Feng Qi were amazed.

The three of them unabashedly expressed their envy.

You know, the three of them don't even have a low-grade artifact.

Qingcheng got two artifacts at once, and one of them was a mid-level artifact. It can be said that his strength has skyrocketed!

Qingchengzi was a little embarrassed.

Then, he looked at Qin Feng with great respect.

"City Lord, please sign a contract for your subordinates, and your subordinates will recognize you as the master!"

"it is good!"

Qin Feng didn't use any ink, he directly broke the blood and drew a blood talisman in the air, exuding an amazing and mysterious atmosphere.

Then, with a flick of his index finger, he smashed the blood talisman into Qingchengzi's eyebrows, and disappeared in a blink of an eye.

Boom~!

In the next second, Qingchengzi's body trembled violently, and a throbbing came from the depths of his soul.

Deep in his heart, he also gave birth to the supreme respect for Qin Feng.

At the same moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

【Soul contract signed successfully! Your subordinate Qingchengzi has recognized you as the master! 】

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Qingchengzi also opened his eyes with joy and looked at Qin Feng with respect.

Qin Feng looked at him with a smile.

"Master Qing Guan, the recognition of the master has been successful! Next, I will recruit you as a 'human messenger'!"

Qingchengzi rejoiced: "Many city masters love it!"

"Okay! Close your eyes!"

"Yes!"

Qingchengzi closed his eyes respectfully.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was also full of expectations.

......0...

The laws and strengths that Qingchengzi masters are indeed the best candidates to become a 'human messenger'.

If Qingchengzi is successfully recruited, his 'Six Prisons Suppressing the Sky' will be able to open two prisons, namely the illusion of the heavens and the illusion of the world.

By then, his overall strength will skyrocket again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng pressed a finger to Qingchengzi's eyebrows.

Om~!

In the next second, the 'human seal' that had been condensed for a long time, along his fingertips, slowly merged into Qingchengzi's eyebrows...

Boom~Long~Long!

A shocking move!

The laws of heaven trembled slightly!

The divine seal in the world is slowly melting into Qingchengzi's eyebrows......Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

But in the next second, a mutation will occur!

Om~!

The divine seal in the world suddenly lit up with golden light and trembled violently!

Kacha~!

In the next second, the Divine Seal suddenly shattered, turned into starlight, and slowly dissipated!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[The trial solicitation failed! The target Qingchengzi was detected, and the talent of the dragon blood in the body has reached the S level, so it is impossible to become your messenger on earth! 】

[Reminder: Those with S-rank or higher dragon bloodline are respected and can only be judges, not messengers....]

Boom~!

The news is out!

Qin Feng and Qingchengzi were dumbfounded at the same time!

They all heard the same prompt...

The two couldn't help but look at each other on the ground!

The three of Liu Xuan on the side were also a little dumbfounded.

"Boss, what's going on? Failed?!"

Liu Xuan asked with concern.

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

Granny Feng Qi was surprised: "Master, how can you fail? Didn't you say that anyone who recognizes you as the master can be recruited as a messenger as long as you recognize it?"

Before Qin Feng could speak, Qingchengzi smiled bitterly: "Tiandao just reminded me that my dragon blood talent is above S rank, and I can't be a messenger, only a judge!"

"There is such a thing!"

As soon as these words fell, Granny Feng Qi and the others were surprised!

Qin Feng quickly comforted: "Qing Guanzhu, you don't have to be disappointed! Although you can't become a messenger, you have the hope of becoming a judge. The identity of the judge is more noble than the messenger. What you lack at present is just a chance. !"

Hearing this, Qingchengzi's eyes lit up, secretly thinking that it was indeed the case.

Thinking of this, he felt better.

At this time, Qin Feng muttered: "It's weird! Weird! Why can't you become a messenger when the talent of the dragon bloodline reaches the S level, but can only become a more honorable judge? Is it possible that the Judgment God Domain has something to do with the dragon family?"

Hearing this, Qingchengzi seemed to have thought of something.

"By the way, city lord, this subordinate has thought of one thing. The subordinate's talent for the bloodline of the dragon family reached S rank, and the seal of "Book of Changes" was broken. Before this, the existence of the seal was not even discovered!"

Qin Feng pondered: "That's it! By the way, you mentioned before that the author of this "Book of Changes" is the Emperor, who is known as the head of the five dragons. My Longbi people use dragons as totems, and it is from him."

"Besides, this "Book of the Present World" was originally the treasure of Judgment God's Domain. Could it be that our ancestors are related to Judgment God's Domain?"

Qingchengzi and Liu Xuan were a little confused when they heard this.

Granny Fengqi and Elder Qishan were even more at a loss.

"By the way, that mission order should reveal some information!"

Qin Feng thought of something again, and quickly took out two golden tokens from the storage ring.

It was two and a half pieces of SS-level mission orders!

At the moment, Qin Feng wants to integrate the token and get the completed mission order.

Perhaps the appearance of the complete token will reveal more information.

After all, these two tokens were obtained from the Six Path Old Ancestor and the Samsara Old Ancestor respectively.

Those two guys are both traitors of Judgment God Domain!

That got the SS-level quest, and the high probability is related to Judgment God's Domain.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to fuse the two residual orders......?