Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 634: SS-level chance! Hongmeng Supreme!

Click~!

A soft sound!

Two residual orders in one!

A complete golden mission order was suspended in front of Qin Feng.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[The task is to complete the synthesis of fragments! Congratulations, you got a SS mission order! 】

[Reminder: You can activate this order and get an SS-level mission opportunity when you recognize the master with a drop of blood]

SS-class mission opportunity!

If done, there will be great rewards!

Qin Feng looked at the task order, and his heart was hot.

Qingchengzi and several others were also surprised, but they held their breath and did not dare to disturb Qin Feng.

As soon as Qin Feng beckoned, he sucked the token into his hand.

Then, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, dripping to the token!

Pa~!

A soft sound!

The fragrant blood essence, as soon as it landed on the token, was completely absorbed by the token at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Om~!

The next second, the token vibrates!

Exudes a faint red light!

huh~!

Then, it will turn into a golden light and pour into Qin Feng's body.

The next second, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【Use the SS-level mission order to succeed! Congratulations, you have obtained an SS-level peak mission opportunity! 】

Qin Feng was shocked!

This is actually the mission opportunity of the SS-level peak level!

That difficulty is ten times that of ordinary SS-level tasks!

However, the difficulty is ten times greater, and the chance benefits obtained will be more than ten times that of SS-level tasks!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders...Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

[SS-level peak task name: The Truth of God's Domain]

[Task content 1: Put away the 'books of the present', 'books of the past', and 'books of the future']

[Task content 2: Solve the "May 27" mystery of the disappearance of Longbi's ancestors, and obtain the ancestor's order. 】

[Mission content three: The vocation is promoted to judge the venerable Hongmeng. 】

[Reminder: There will be powerful enemies above the main **** realm in this mission, so be careful! 】

[Reminder: The mission period is three years. Within three years, if the task is not completed, it will be judged that the task has failed and the opportunity will be automatically lost. 】

[Reminder: If you complete this task within one year, the task reward will be doubled. 】

[Reminder: If you complete this task within three months, the task reward will be doubled. 】

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and was filled with emotion.

Judging from the task content, this SS-level peak task is extremely difficult!

Plus, it has a time limit and must be completed within three years.

Otherwise, the mission will be regarded as a failure and the opportunity will be lost!

Even more exaggerated, if completed within a year, the reward will be doubled.

Complete it within three months, and the reward will be doubled!

Seeing the last two prompts, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

How could he have completed such a difficult task in one year, let alone three months.

The double reward is likely to be missed.

In fact, it is hard to say whether he can complete the task within three years.

Not to mention the content of the first two tasks, just the last one, it is extremely difficult to be promoted to Judgment Hongmeng Supreme.

He is still the Supreme Judgment of the primary level, and then the Supreme Judgment of the intermediate level, the Supreme Judgment of the high level, and the Supreme Judgment of Hongmeng.

Judgment value is extremely difficult to obtain!

It's all about chance!

In this Blue Star Realm, he does not know where to get the judgment value?

Now it seems that the place where he is most likely to get the judgment value is the second floor of the Holy Land. . . .

"Master, is the mission activated?"

At this time, Feng Qi's mother-in-law's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Activated!"

Granny Feng Qi asked curiously, "Master, what tasks are there?"

"There is a lot of content, one is my vocation promotion requirements, and the other is to solve the mystery of the disappearance of my ancestor Longbi."

Qin Feng said roughly.

"Hey! It really has something to do with our ancestors Longbi!"

"Boss, this task is not only related to your vocation, but also related to our ancestors. Could it be that our ancestors have a lot to do with Judgment God's Domain?"

Qingchengzi and Liu Xuan were surprised.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "There should be a great relationship! It is estimated that our ancestors Longbi have a high status in the Judgment God's Domain. Otherwise, when I recruited Qingchengzi before, I would not have failed in recruiting."

"It is estimated that the dragon bloodline is above S rank, and in the judgment domain, you can directly become a judge!"

As soon as these words fell, Qingchengzi and Liu Xuan nodded slightly.

Then, the two seemed to think of something and became excited again.

"City lord, in this way, our ancestors of Longbi are not ordinary! Then you say, will we be treated well when we go to Judgment God's Domain?"

"Yeah! Boss, I also think I'll be well-received?"

Qingchengzi and Liu Xuan said excitedly.

Qin Feng shook his head slightly: "No! If I didn't expect it to be bad, the Judgment God's Domain has changed, so there will be traitors like the Sixth Dao Patriarch and the Reincarnation Patriarch!"

"What's more, the content of the quest prompt is, let me solve the mystery of the disappearance of the ancestor Longbi, and get the order of the ancestor Longbi!"

"This is enough to show that our ancestor Longbi has disappeared and is not in the judgment domain. They are likely to be in danger, or even fallen. It can be seen that our ancestors had some extremely terrifying powerful enemies!"

As soon as these words fell, Qingchengzi and Liu Xuan were all moved and nodded slightly.

They know that Qin Feng is right!

Qin Feng continued: "So, before we know the truth, we must not expose the things of those ancestors and descendants. Otherwise, we will be doomed, and even all the compatriots of Longbi will suffer!"

"With the strength of our ancestors, they all disappeared strangely. How can we, each of our small Longyuan City, resist such a powerful enemy?"

Hearing these words, Qingchengzi and Liu Xuan's expressions changed, and an invisible sense of crisis filled their hearts.

Afterwards, Qingchengzi took a deep breath: "It's still the city owner's wisdom! Pin Daobai has lived for such a long time, but no city owner can see it thoroughly! The subordinates admire it! Now it seems that the subordinates want all the children of Wuzhuangguan to come. Recognize the Lord of the City."

"In this way, these compatriots Longbi can be kept tight-lipped and will not easily expose the affairs of our Longbi ancestors, so as not to put our Longyuan City into a disadvantageous predicament!"

As soon as these words fell, Feng Xi, who had been standing behind Qin Feng, finally spoke.

"Master Qing Guan, that's how it should be!"

Liu Xuan also said: "It really needs to be done!"

No one dares to underestimate the safety of Long Yuan.

Everyone knows that only by recognizing Qin Feng as the master can everyone's loyalty be guaranteed.

At the moment, Qingchengzi hurriedly said: "City Lord, this subordinate will go and call those children!"

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "Alright! By the way, Master Qing Guan, there is another content in the task I received this time. That is, I need to collect the 'books of the present', 'books of the past', and 'books of the future'. Three gods of heaven and earth."

"Now, I have the book of the present world. There are no signs of the 'book of the past' and the book of the future. Do you have some relevant information here?"

Qin Feng asked casually.

The pages of the present book were obtained from Qingchengzi.

Its sect has a very deep connection with the ancestors of Longbi!

Therefore, Qin Feng wanted to inquire to see if he could get some useful information.

"This......"

Qingchengzi fell into deep thought.

Later, his eyes lit up: "City Lord, Pindao has thought of one thing. Back then, our ancestor, the Emperor, wrote the "Book of Changes", and the Book of Changes is divided into three parts, namely "Lian Shan Yi", "Return to the Mountains" Tibetan Book of Changes and Book of Changes, all of them are extremely miraculous."

"It is rumored that "Book of Changes" is good at deducing the current personnel numerology. "Guizang Yi" can deduce some truth about personnel that happened thousands of years ago. "Lian Shanyi" is good at predicting what will happen thousands of years later."

"Now, we already know that "Book of Changes" is the page of the book of the present world. And "Book of Changes" and "Book of Changes to Lianshan" are as precious as "Book of Changes", and they must be related to books of the past and future!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "It's true! There are three pages in the Book of the World. The first page controls the number of 'Tian Dao', the next page controls the number of 'Heavenly Dao', and the middle page controls the number of 'Humanity'. "Book of Changes" is transformed from the middle page , so he is good at divination of human affairs."

"It can be seen that the "Lianshan Yi" is likely to be transformed from the pages of the future book, and the "Guizang Yi" is transformed from the pages of the past book. If I get these two books of changes, I want to collect the future book and the past. Books are so much easier!"

"After all, the pages of the same divine book are related to each other. Lord Qing Guan, do you now know the whereabouts of "Lian Shan Yi" and "Guizang Yi"?"

Qingchengzi smiled bitterly: "It's true! In the process of inheriting "Book of Changes", "Lian Shan Yi" and "Gui Zang Yi" were inexplicably lost, and only "Zhou Yi" was handed down in my Longbi! "

"That's it! That's a pity!" Qin Feng showed regret.

Liu Xuan also looked regretful: "Yeah! My ancestor Longbi left behind such a precious classic, but I lost two books. It's really...hey!"

Xiao Luan'er also said: "Yes! If there are those two classics, it will be much easier for Dad to search for the books of the past and the future."

At this time, Qingchengzi seemed to think of something, and said again: "By the way, City Lord, Pindao has heard some rumors, I don't know if it is true?"

"What rumor?"

"As far as the ancestors of my sect have heard rumors, the loss of the ancient books of our Longbi may have something to do with the white skin of the West. Many years ago, there were also some people with extraordinary means in the West, such as Cain and Satan. Of course, these are just rumors! "

Qin Feng nodded slightly, and couldn't help but look at the map 0 of the sixth division......

On that map, there was a green light spot that caught his eye.

That's Pope Paul of Bright Town!

This guy is a white guy!

I don't know if I can get the news of "Gui Zang Yi" and "Lian Shan Yi" from him?

"Master, look at the light spots on the map, the green camp and the blue camp have fully cooperated!"

Feng Xi also looked at the map of the sixth division.

She found that the light spots representing Yuanchu and Taishi had gathered together and were heading to the Tiance Clan.

Seeing their location, they have already rushed to the vicinity of the Tiance Clan.

It is estimated that within a quarter of an hour, the two sides will start a war!

In addition, the two forces in the eighth and tenth divisions have also converged, and they have landed in the sixth division and are on their way to the Tiance Clan.

So far, the blue and green parties have fully cooperated to encircle the Tiance Clan together!

Looking at the situation, the Tiance Clan seems to be a little bad!