Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

However, Qin Feng is not worried!

His Moon Spirit clone has arrived at the Tiance Clan.

As long as his mind moves, he can rush over through the space call.

Of course, he can't be careless.

Thinking of this, he said: "Everyone, hurry up and finish the trivia in the fifth division! The battle in the sixth division is waiting for everyone to take action! That battle may be the last battle of this round of hegemony!"

Hearing this, the high-level executives were excited!

"City Lord, Pindao is going to organize the children of Wuzhuangguan to come to you to recognize the Lord!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I don't need to come forward in the matter of recognizing the master, and my avatar can also sign a contract!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand, and the Mirage clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone appeared one after another.

Immediately, the three avatars left with Qingchengzi and began to recognize the master plan...

When the disciples of Wuzhuangguan have all completed their recognition of their masters, Longyuan City will become more united!

"Liu Xuan, how are things handled here?"

Qin Feng looked at Liu Xuan again.

Liu Xuan said: "The battlefield here is almost dealt with, and the site of the Wuxiang Nine Clan is left, and it has not been stored yet!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Well, you, Granny Feng Qi, Elder Qishan, and Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, Jumang, and Qiyue. The seven of you will go and collect all the territory of the nine clans, the sooner the better. it is good!"

"After a while, the sixth division will start! This will be the last time for everyone. Don't miss the feast of harvesting attributes and points!"

Liu Xuan and others were overjoyed and agreed.

In the next second, Jumang was divided into three parts and rushed towards the nests of the three mysterious forces.

This little guy is the strongest, and can transform into three thousand.

Even if it turned into three sentences, each strength has reached the middle stage of False God.

Qin Feng is very relieved to let him go to the storage site!

Afterwards, Liu Xuan and the others hurried towards the remaining six clan nests.

As for Liu Xuan, Qin Feng is also very relieved!

Liu Xuan, the weakest of the six, has broken 1 million stars in combat power.

Even if there are still some children left in Wu Xiangjiu's 2.9 clan's lair, they are not their opponents, and they can kill them all in minutes.

For the same reason, Qin Feng is looking forward to them being able to collect the site sooner.

In this way, the number of sites in Longyuan Town will reach 345.

When the number of lands reaches 400, he will be able to unlock the 200,000-star combat power feedback.

200,000 stars is the threshold of the demigod realm!

Today, the number of people who have broken through 200,000 stars in Longyuan City is close to 500.

If Qin Feng can unlock it successfully, it will greatly enhance his combat power.

In this way, his new title task can be completed sooner.

His title of 'Supreme Sky Surveyor' requires a combat power of 70 million stars, so he urgently needs to improve his combat power.

Besides, the SS-level God Realm truth mission he received clearly indicated that there would be powerful enemies above the main God realm.

Lord God Realm!

That is an extremely powerful existence!

The threshold for the combat power of the Lord of Light is 200 million star combat power.

Qin Feng is far from that goal.

The mission reminded me that there will be strong enemies above the main **** realm, which means that it is much stronger than the threshold of the main **** realm.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that his strength was far from enough!

What's more terrible is that the time limit for completing the task is three years. If you want to double the reward, it must be within one year.

If it is completed within three months, the reward will be multiplied five times!

Such a time limit made Qin Feng feel a sense of urgency.

never mind!

Think no more!

He should return to the zero-dimensional space, look at the newly born Dijiang, and integrate the world book.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared in place......

Chapter 635: Talent Fusion! The power of the Lord!

The next second, Qin Feng returned to the zero-degree space and saw Di Jiang.

One of his fission variants is feeding the little guy energy pills.

Energy Dan can speed up the level up!

During this period of time, Di Jiang has eaten more than a dozen energy pills, and his level has risen to level 11, and even his appearance has grown to about 2 years old!

Its combat power has been increased to 4.3 million stars.

Such a speed of progress makes Qin Feng extremely satisfied!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

And when Di Jiang saw Qin Feng, he behaved very intimately!

However, Qin Feng is pressed for time, and he still has a lot of trivial matters to deal with.

After appeasing the little guy, he hurriedly came to the training room.

At this moment, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng is planning to deal with his trivial matters.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, his whole body qi and blood suddenly swelled, his body roared constantly, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way!

[Your fission body has successfully refined the blood of the gods (low-grade gods)! Your bloodline talent has been greatly enhanced, and your basic combat power has increased by 200,000 stars...]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he smiled.

The blood of the gods has finally been refined!

His basic combat power has thus been increased to 52.2 million stars, a big step closer to the goal of 70 million stars.

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked up at a corner of the secret room, where there was a fission variant, opening his eyes with joy.

Just now, it was this fission variant that refined the blood of the gods.

The blood of the gods is refined!

He should also digest other gains!

Thinking of this, white light flashed on Qin Feng's body, and a dozen fission bodies were separated from his body.

Afterwards, those fission bodies sat cross-legged, each took out an artifact, and began refining.

Those artifacts were obtained in previous battles, and it is time to refine them now.

One of the fission variants even took out the top, middle, and bottom pages of the Book of the World, ready to fuse the Book of the World.

Qin Feng also took out a **** card.

As soon as the divine card came out, it bloomed with nine-colored rays of light, and the breath was extraordinary!

[Talent Fusion Card: The Peak of Low Grade Divine Rank]

[Using this card, two related SS-level talents can be merged into SSS-level talents! 】

Seeing this card, Qin Feng took a deep breath.

Next, he will use this card to combine the SS-level Hunyuan talent and the SS-level Shio-09 talent into an SSS-level Chaos Law talent!

Chaos law talent ah!

One of the top SSS-level talents!

If he condenses, his strength will skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot.

In the next second, he broke the blood and started to activate the **** card......

At the same moment, in the sixth division, over a jungle.

I saw a large army all the way, killing the Tiance Clan in a mighty way!

There were nearly 700,000 troops on that road!

In front of the team, there are three False God realm powerhouses, who are Yuan Chu, Tai Shi, and Teng Kui ancestors.

At this moment, Yuan Chu looked ahead.

"Brother Taishi, in a few minutes, we will be able to reach the Tiance Clan! Look at the sky above the Tiance Clan's station, there are already tens of thousands of people gathered! They should have been waiting for a long time!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly, showing disdain.

He is full of confidence in this time to encircle and suppress the Tiance Clan.

That day, there were only more than 50,000 people in the Ce clan.

Such a number of people is considered rare among the top-ranked mysterious forces.

However, the Tiance Clan took the elite route.

The strength of the children is extremely powerful, and all of them have reached the seventh level of the heaven level, which is absolutely not to be underestimated!

But even so, 50,000 of them are against their own 700,000 people, that is a judgment!

Among their 700,000 army, there are 100,000 people who have reached the seventh level of the sky, which is twice that of the Tiance Clan.

In addition, they also have three illusory gods, Yuanchu, Taishi, and Tengkui ancestors.

Moreover, the comprehensive strength of these three people has reached the mid-stage False God level!

However, the Tiance Clan only has Yu Xuanji, a mid-stage False God master!

In this comparison, who is strong and who is weak can be argued at a glance!

At this time, the ancestor Teng Kui also said proudly: "Yes! It is estimated that Yu Xuanji and the others have been scared by this time!"

Ancestor Teng Kui's tone was full of schadenfreude.

As long as the Tiance Clan is destroyed, his Tengkui Clan will become the first strong clan in the sixth division.

Therefore, he was eager to destroy the Tiance Clan as soon as possible!

Taishi frowned slightly: "Brother Yuanchu, what do you plan to do with Yu Xuanji when you take down the Tiance Clan?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled coldly: "What? Brother Taishi is reluctant?"

Taishi hesitated for a while and said, "I feel that this woman has always been arrogant, so it's too cheap to kill her like that? Or capture her alive, take her back, and torture her to death!"

Yuan Chu frowned: "Brother Taishi, are you joking? What are you thinking, don't think that Yuan is not clear! If you have to capture her alive, Yuan can also take her back and serve her well!"

As soon as these words came out, Tai Shi's face changed slightly.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he also looked cold.

The atmosphere in the field was suddenly a little wrong.

The two of them coveted Yu Xuanji's beauty.

This has not yet started, and I was thinking about how to take Yu Xuanji as my own.

Seeing this scene, Ancestor Teng Kui suddenly felt bad!

If the two of them continue to make trouble like this, I am afraid that they will have internal strife before they cooperate.

He hurriedly rounded the field.

"Two people, this old man thinks that beauty is a disaster! That Yu Xuanji is indeed the number one beauty in my Blue Star Realm, but it's also the number one disaster. We don't have to be soft-hearted about such an existence, it's better to just kill it!"