Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Ancestor Teng Kui also really wanted to kill Yu Xuanji.

If Yu Xuanji were alive, even if their Tengkui clan became the chief strong clan in the sixth division, there would still be hidden dangers.

"Humph! Fellow Taoist Teng Kui, what do you know?!"

Taichi grumbled angrily.

This surprised Dracula on the side.

How beautiful is that Jade Xuanji, even Taishi and the young master are jealous of him.

At this time, Taishi looked at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty again.

"Daoist friend at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, then what are you going to do to give me that jade mystery?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the eyes lit up!

This is what he was waiting for.

At the moment, he smiled coldly: "Brother Taishi, if you have to want that woman! That's not impossible!"

Tai Shi was stunned!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He didn't expect that Yuan Chu would let go.

"Oh? How do you say this?"

Yuan Chu smiled slightly: "If you want Yu Xuanji, I can give it to you. But I also want to ask you to be alone, can you give it to me?"

"Who do you want?!"

"I want....."

Halfway through the words, Yuan Chu moved his lips slightly and sent a sound transmission to Tai Shi.

After Tai Shi heard it, he was surprised.

Then, he glanced at the back of the team intentionally or unintentionally.

It turned out that what he asked him at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty was Paul from Guangming Town!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, Paul was still very unfamiliar. He only knew that the challenger was born, and he came from the same world as Qin Feng. There is indeed something extraordinary!

But to say that he has any friendship with Paul, it absolutely does not exist.

However, Paul supported the Age Clan and joined their green camp.

As the leader of the green camp, he naturally couldn't watch others deal with Paul.

However, if Paul was exchanged for Yu Xuanji, he would naturally have a hundred willingness in his heart.

"Strange! Brother Yuanchu, why do you want that person?"

Tai Shi did not answer.

He was quite surprised by the abnormal behavior at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

Yuan Chu smiled slightly: "It's true! I want that person, just for this subordinate. They come from the same world and have some grudges!"

Yuan Chu glanced at Dracula with his eyes.

Dracula quickly echoed: "Lord Taishi, my young master is right! He did that for me!"

"Oh~!"

Taishi answered suspiciously.

Obviously, he didn't quite believe the words of Yuanchu.

However, that Paul is also the strength of the peak of the demigod, no matter how you look at it, there is nothing surprising.

That being the case, he might as well sell it!

At the moment, his lips moved slightly, and the sound was transmitted.

"Okay! I promise you! However, this matter cannot be carried out until the Tiance Clan is resolved!"

Yuan Chu smiled: "Okay! That's it!"

In this way, the two made a deal in secret.

Then Paul was betrayed by Taishi to Yuanchu!

Compared with Tai Shi's fascination with Yu Xuanji, the Yuan Dynasty was obviously shallower.

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, Paul wanted Paul just for the original Bible in Paul's hands.

Of course, this is just the self-righteousness of the two.

Before the battle started, the two thought that the Tiance Clan had been settled, and they thought that they had settled for Paul!

They didn't know that the real hidden boss was Paul.

However, after the two people traded, the atmosphere between the two sides became more harmonious.

"By the way, Brother Yuanchu, when you say my father and your father join forces, when will they be able to kill Qin Feng?"

Tai Shi suddenly thought of Qin Feng.

Yuan Chu smiled slightly: "It should be soon! Although Qin Feng is very strong, how can he be the opponent of my father and the seniors of the years? It is estimated that when we arrive at the Tiance Clan, the battle situation there will be over. ended!"

Yuan Chu said confidently.

But just after these words fell, the exclamation of the ancestor Teng Kui sounded in the field.

"You two, look at the map! The little red light spot representing Qin Feng suddenly appeared in the fifth division!"

"what?!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the two were startled and quickly opened the map to watch.

Looking at it, I really saw the little red dot representing Qin Feng in the fifth division.

The two Taishi suddenly felt bad!

"What's the matter? How did Qin Feng go to the fifth division? Is my father alright?"

Taishi felt a little uneasy for the first time.

Yuan Chu also frowned.

But in the next second, he smiled and said, "Brother Taishi, Qin Feng should have lost! He fled to the fifth division!"

Taishi wondered: "How do you say this?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled and said: "You think! If something happens to my father and the seniors of the years, Tiandao will definitely make an announcement. Have you heard the announcement?"

Taishi suddenly said: "Yes! There is indeed no announcement!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he continued: "Think again! Although Qin Feng appeared in the fifth division, the Longyuan City nest is still in the second division."

"This shows that he was beaten away by my father and the seniors of the years, and he doesn't even want his old nest. It can be seen that he must be very embarrassed when he escapes!"

Tai Shi nodded slowly: "It makes sense!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he smiled smugly again: "If I didn't expect it to be bad, that Qin Feng must have been severely injured. At this moment, he is being chased by my father and senior years. It is estimated that he will not live long!"

Hearing this, Tai Shi's eyes lit up, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he smiled and said: "Let's go! Brother Yuanchu, we strive to destroy the Tiance Clan before the two elders kill Qin Feng. In this way, this round of hegemony can end soon!"

"Haha! This is exactly what I mean!"

Laugh out loud at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!

At the moment, the two of them led the army with self-righteousness and accelerated to the Tiance Clan.

At the same time, the last side of the army.

Paul and Jin Erzhong also discovered that Qin Feng's trace appeared in the fifth division.

"Sir Pope, Qin Feng has appeared in the fifth division. Did the ancestors of the years fail?"

Paul was also surprised: "Oh! According to the Lord's oracle, Qin Feng has only a 10% chance of defeating the old ancestor of the years! Did he really achieve that 10%? If so, that guy is too scary!"

At this moment, Paul admired Qin Feng a little.

From Qin Feng's appearance in the fifth division, he can basically conclude that Qin Feng should have won that battle.

Jin Erzhong frowned: "Sir Pope, so to speak. The last enemy the Lord will face is not the ancestors of the years, but Qin Feng!"

"By the way, the Pope, you once said that if Qin Feng's strength reaches the limit of the true god, it may threaten the Lord. You said, can Qin Feng reach the limit of the true god?"

Paul's mouth curled slightly: "Oh! Dear Mr. Jin Erzhong, do you think this is possible? Qin Feng and we are the same group of challengers, no matter how good and talented he is, he will never reach the limit of true God's strength. ."

Jin Erzhong nodded again and again: "I also think it is impossible! He can have the strength of the peak of the true god, that is the limit. In my opinion, his 247 is at most the strength of the middle of the true god!"

Paul smiled proudly: "That's right! How can a person who can't even reach the limit of true God threaten the Lord?"

"Besides, the Lord has also reminded that even if Qin Feng has the ultimate strength of the True God, he may not be able to win! The strength of the Lord is even stronger than that of the True God!"

As soon as these words fell, Jin Erzhong and Anna were pleasantly surprised!

It was not until this moment that they knew the true strength of the 'Lord'.

"I bought it! It turns out that the Lord is stronger than the limit of the true God! Anna is so excited!"

Jin Erzhong also said with great joy: "Sir Pope, it seems that we have won this time!"

Paul smiled proudly: "Oh! That's of course! In fact, the Pope really hopes Qin Feng will appear. I want to witness with my own eyes that Qin Feng was killed by the Lord!"

Jin Erzhong said with a smile: "Pope Smecta, Qin Feng has the most power at the peak of the true god. The main thing is to kill him, just one finger!"

Paul laughed. "Yeah! It must have been fun back then!"

At the moment, the three of them with a happy mood, followed the army to kill the Tiance Clan.

They don't know that Qin Feng is not the pinnacle of the true god, but the limit of the true true god...

At the same moment, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky!

Yu Xuanji led tens of thousands of clansmen and was already arrayed in the air.

They have already seen from a distance, the figure of the coalition forces of Yuanchu and Taishi.

Looking at the 700,000 army, covering the sky and the ground, they kept approaching.

The entire Tiance Clan was extremely nervous!

Some timid children showed panic.

It is true that the number of their Tiance clan is too small, and only Yu Xuanji is the master.

With such strength, how could they deal with the opposing coalition.

"Patriarch, the army of Yuanchu and Taishi will be here soon! Looking at the journey, it will only take a minute or two!"

Behind Yu Xuan's fuselage, Granny Yusang's voice sounded.

There was a hint of apprehension in his tone.

"I didn't expect that the green camp and the blue camp would join forces! This time, it's a little troublesome!"

Yu Xuanji also muttered.

There was also a trace of anxiety on her extremely beautiful face.

Granny Yusang sighed: "Yes! If the faction is one-on-one, we are not necessarily afraid of them. It's just...hey! By the way, did Master Qin Feng not send a clone to support this time?"

When it comes to Qin Feng's avatar, Yu Xuanji's face shows a complicated look.

She has been expecting Qin Feng's clone to come.

But now, the enemy army is about to overwhelm, and Qin Feng's clone has not yet appeared.

Is it......

Yu Xuanji seemed to have thought of something, so he smiled bitterly: "I think it should be that the number of avatars of the Qin Feng City Lord is limited, and there are no extra avatars coming. I'm afraid this time, it's up to my family to face it alone!"

Hearing this, Granny Yusang felt a sense of loss.

She was about to speak when a sudden change occurred in the field!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and a stalwart and handsome figure appeared in front of everyone out of thin air.

The person here is the Moon Spirit clone! ............