Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 636 Future Book Clues! The power of chaos!

The appearance of Yueling's avatar immediately alerted the audience, and many people showed their vigilance!

"He...he is from Longyuan City!"

In the next second, someone spied out his details and couldn't help exclaiming.

"Hey! He's really from Longyuan City!"

"Great! Longyuan City finally sent someone!"

After discovering the identity of Yueling's avatar, everyone in Tiance was pleasantly surprised!

Yu Xuanji also looked at Yueling's clone in surprise.

At first glance, she was amazed by the Moon Spirit clone!

It was the first time she had seen such a handsome and noble young man.

At that moment, a strange brilliance lit up in her beautiful eyes!

But the next second, she frowned slightly.

isn't it?

This young talent is at the realm of heaven!

It seems that this person is not Qin Feng's clone.

Qin Feng's avatar can kill even the False God's ultimate powerhouse, how can it be in the heaven-level realm!

Yu Xuanji didn't believe it at all, that an existence of the heaven-level realm could kill the ultimate power of the False God by leaps and bounds.

Not to mention the heavenly realm, even in the demigod realm, she still thinks it is impossible!

In her opinion, Qin Feng should be in the False God realm just like her.

This can also explain the fact that Qin Feng killed the ancestor of Beiming.

Ancestor Beiming is a great power in the early days of True God, how could a heavenly realm kill him?

At least one must be in the realm of the False God Realm before it is possible to kill him.

"Patriarch, this person doesn't seem to be a clone of Lord Qin Feng!"

At this moment, the voice of Granny Yusang rang from behind Yu Xuan's body.

Yu Xuanji did not answer.

Granny Yusang continued: "Master Qin Feng can kill the existence of the true **** in the early stage, and his avatar can never be in the realm of heaven. This point, the old man can be 100% sure!"

Granny Yusang's tone was very positive.

At this moment, there was also a discussion around.

"Everyone, this talent is at the realm of heaven! He should not be the avatar of Qin Feng's city master!"

"Yes! He didn't come to deliver the letter, did he?"

"Uh~! The messenger?! Then... what should I do?! The combined army of the blue-green camp is about to be killed!"

"Yeah! I thought it was the avatar of Qin Feng's city master, which made me happy for nothing! Hey!"

At this moment, many Tiance disciples showed disappointment.

Many of them saw that the crisis was approaching, and they all looked forward to Qin Feng's clone to come to the rescue.

But I didn't want to, only a disciple of Long Yuan who was in the heaven realm came.

And the realm of heaven is in their Tiance clan, and they are so ordinary that they can no longer be ordinary children.

Thinking of this, everyone is inevitably a little disappointed!

For those discussions, Yueling's clone naturally heard clearly.

He doesn't care!

At this moment, he just wanted to find the manager of the Tiance Clan so that he could explain his purpose.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone looked at the Tiance people.

Soon, he discovered that 60% of the children of the Tiance clan were women.

In addition, he also spied that every Tiance clan's children have the talent of Xuanwu bloodline.

It seems that the Tiance Clan are descendants of Xuanwu!

Thinking about it, he found it interesting.

I think they are all descendants of the dragon race, and they all have the blood of the dragon in their bodies.

The children of the Qi clan all have the Qilin bloodline, and the children of the Feng clan all have the phoenix bloodline.

The Tiance Clan they encountered now had the bloodline of Xuanwu in their bodies, and they were about to gather the bloodlines of the five divine beasts.

The five mythical beasts are the Eastern Blue Dragon (Shenlong), the Southern Suzaku (Phoenix), the Northern Xuanwu, the Western White Tiger, and the Central Kylin.

Yueling's clone thought for a while, and then his eyes fell on Yu Xuan's body.

This woman is the only False God realm power in the audience, and the small red light spot representing Yu Xuanji is also in this position.

It seemed that she was the Yu Xuanji she was looking for!

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone showed a kind smile to Yu Xuanji.

His smile was as if Master Mo was like jade, and the son was unparalleled in the world.

In the crowd, many female disciples glared at them, secretly thinking about a handsome boy.

Even Yu Xuanji was quite surprised!

This young man really sells well!

At the same time, she also sensed that the young man's eyes looking at her were pure and natural, without the slightest blasphemy.

Unlike other men, when they saw her for the first time, they would be amazed by her beautiful face, and even lost their minds.

There are some exceptions to this young man!

Yu Xuanji was quite surprised!

She didn't know that Feng Xi beside Qin Feng was also the most beautiful in the world, not below her.

Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er are also great beauties.

Qin Feng is accompanied by beautiful women every day, and is used to beauty.

What's more, Qin Feng knows what Feng Xi thinks of him.

He can take it whenever he wants.

Of course, if you want to compare carefully, Yu Xuanji is indeed more beautiful.

But just that point can't impress Qin Feng.

Of course he didn't feel anything.

At this moment, in Yu Xuanji's ear, Granny Yusang's whisper sounded.

"Patriarch, having said that, this young man is really good-looking. What a pity! He is too low-level to be worthy of you!" "

Granny Yusang's tone was somewhat regretful.

Yu Xuanji said angrily: "Mother-in-law, what are you talking about? What's the use of a good-looking man? A man must have strength and talent, and then he is more attractive. Compared with Qin Feng, this man is far worse! "

When Yu Xuanji mentioned 'City Lord Qin Feng', there was some admiration in his tone.

Granny Yusang nodded, "That's right!"

In this world where strength is respected, when women look at men, they care more about their strength and talent, and their appearance is second.

Even Yu Xuanji is no exception!

Of course, if there is strength and appearance, it is the best.

Yu Xuanji thought to himself.

If Qin Feng grows like this, she will be overjoyed.

Even after she recognizes the master, Qin Feng will have a hard time rejecting what Qin Feng thinks of her.

Can that woman refuse, a man with strength, talent, and good looks?

pity!

What in the world is the best of both worlds!

Yu Xuanji sighed inexplicably in his heart.

It was at this moment that the Moon Spirit clone took the initiative to walk over.

Everyone's eyes fell on him.

At this moment, he became the focus of the audience.

Everyone is very curious, what is the purpose of this Long Yuan disciple?

"Is this the Jade Patriarch?"

Yueling clone smiled politely.

The whispers between Yu Xuanji and Granny Yusang were naturally hidden from his ears.

That made him feel like laughing.

Obviously, Yu Xuanji thought that he was just an ordinary Long Yuan disciple.

"It's the deity! Excuse me, this friend, did your city master ask you to bring a message?"

Yu Xuanji was also quite polite.

However, there was a hint of pride in his tone.

After all, she is a high-ranking False God, and it is considered polite to treat a Heaven-level realm like this.

Besides, she is the number one genius in the Blue Star Realm and the most beautiful woman in the Blue Star Realm.

She didn't even look down on Yuanchu and Taishi, how could she look down on ordinary men, the arrogance in her heart was evident.

Yueling's clone smiled slightly: "My city lord wants to say that he is very grateful for the support of the nobles. My city lord is also very curious. At the beginning of this round of hegemony, the situation was very unfavorable for our Longyuan City. Why would the nobles risk their support?"

Qin Feng was full of doubts about this matter.

Yu Xuanji took a deep breath: "As of now, the deity will not hide it from you. The reason why my clan will support Qin Feng's city lord is a prophecy left by our ancestors, and let my clan act like this."

"Prophecy? That is?"Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"It's a prediction of the future!"

Yueling's clone was surprised: "Prediction? So, your ancestors predicted today's events hundreds of years ago?"

Yu Xuanji smiled proudly: "More than a few hundred years? That's the prediction that my ancestor left behind more than 7,000 years ago!"

The Moon Spirit clone was shocked!

Seven thousand years ago, today's events could be predicted.

This method is incredible!

what!

This method looks a lot like the method of the pages of the book in the future!

In the pages of the book of the future, the number of human beings who are good at the future can spy on the personnel changes in the future thousands of years, or even tens of thousands of years.

Could it be that…..

Thinking of this, Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up, and there was a hint of joy in her eyes.

One of his tasks in the future is to find the books of the present, the past, and the future.

He has found the book of this world!

Next, is to find future books and past books!

He was worried that there was no clue.