Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Now it seems that he has found a clue to the pages of the future book.

"By the way, the deity looks at the avatar of Qin Feng's city master and fights everywhere. Why did not send a avatar to my clan to rescue this time? Now, the situation of our clan is not good!"

Yu Xuanji expressed his worries.

Everyone also looked at the Moon Spirit clone.

That's what they care about the most!

Right now, the Tiance Clan crisis is approaching.

What they need is Qin Feng's avatar to save them, instead of sending an ordinary Long Yuan disciple to bring a message.

Yueling clone smiled slightly: "Isn't this coming?"

Hearing this, Yu Xuanji was slightly taken aback.

Everyone was also puzzled.

But in the next second, Yu Xuanji reacted and looked at Yueling's clone in astonishment.

"Are you saying that you are Qin Feng's avatar?"

Yueling clone smiled and said, "Exactly!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was in an uproar!

Everyone looked at the Moon Spirit clone in shock!

Oh my God!

Could this person be the avatar of the Qin City Lord?

But in the next second, Yu Xuanji shook his head slightly.

"It's impossible! City Lord Qin is someone who can kill even the ancestor of Beiming. How could his clone be in the heavenly realm! Friends, the situation is critical at this time, it's not the time to be joking!"

At the end, Yu Xuanji's tone became serious.

She thought it was the Moon Spirit clone joking!

She couldn't believe that an existence of a heaven-level realm could kill the early stage power of a true god.

This is completely beyond their cognition!

Don't say it's her, everyone present can't believe it!

At this moment, everyone muttered.

".'The patriarch is right! The realm of the avatar and the main body are synchronized. If this person is the avatar of the Qin Feng city master, then the realm of the Qin Feng city master is the realm of heaven. Do you think it is possible?"

"The old man also thinks that this is absolutely impossible! Not to mention the heaven-level realm, even if Qin Feng's city master is a demigod, I don't think it is possible!"

"Yeah! The old man also thinks that Qin Feng's city lord is at least an existence in the False God realm!"

"It seems that this kid is joking with us!"

"It's very possible!"

"Hey! This guy is really... Right now, the situation of our clan is extremely critical, and everyone is going crazy. He even came to joke, it really doesn't matter!"

"Let's just say it! Good-looking men can't be trusted. You women, you just kept praising this man for his good looks. Look at it now, this kid has no sense of measure, and dares to joke about it!"

In the crowd, there were still some male disciples talking sour.

Hearing the discussions around, Yueling's clone smiled, not angry!

He knew very well in his heart that these were human feelings!

After all, the realm of his body is too low, and everything he has done is far beyond the cognition of ordinary people!

The children of the Tiance Clan would have such a reaction, he can understand!

However, he was too lazy to explain.

Right now, he is about to release his aura to shock the audience, so that these guys know the truth!

But at this moment, an exclamation sounded in the field!

"Patriarch! Look! They are here at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!"

Hearing this, everyone was shocked, and they turned their heads to look, and saw that the army of Yuanchu and Taishi was approaching.

The two sides are only ten miles away!

Seeing this, everyone changed their color and their expressions panicked.

Yu Xuanji did not dare to neglect, and hurriedly flew to the front of the team.

Granny Yusang and other elders followed closely behind her.

After a while, Yu Xuanji and other senior officials of Tiance came to the front of the crowd, and they were ready for it!

It was at this moment that Yu Xuanji suddenly discovered that Yueling's clone had followed her and stood beside her.

She opened her mouth and hesitated.

You know, the dozen or so people (Nuo Li's) beside her are all elders in the demigod realm.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Yueling's avatar is in a heaven-level realm, and it also stands in it, which is somewhat abrupt.

Yu Xuanji hesitated for a while, but did not stop...

At this moment, the enemy army is approaching and the situation is critical, and she has no time to argue with the Yueling clone.

At the crux of the matter, fighting the enemy with all your heart is the top priority!

At this moment, Tian Ce was in a state of unease and was extremely nervous.

The atmosphere in the field is also very depressing!

In the crowd, only Yueling's clone was very calm, with a calm expression from beginning to end.

At this moment, he calmly looked at the army ahead, waiting for Yuan Chu and Tai Shi to come to the door.

Both of these guys have the divine artifact in their hands, which is exactly the treasure he wants!

But this thought only came to him, and in his sea of ​​consciousness, there was a reminder from the Dao of Heaven...

[Your main body uses the talent fusion card successfully! Its SS-level space-time talent and SS-level Hunyuan talent are automatically merged into SSS-level chaos talent....]

[Congratulations to your main body awakening the SSS-level chaos talent, the power of various vitality in its body has begun to fuse, and it is transforming into the power of chaos...]

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the Moon Spirit clone was pleasantly surprised to sense that the power of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth in his body were all fused together, and then automatically transformed into the power of chaos...

The power of chaos!

That's a few big grades higher than ordinary vitality power!

At this moment, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng's body is roaring constantly, and his momentum is soaring wildly.

The power of vitality is transformed into the power of chaos, which will bring him a huge increase in combat power!

The clone and Qin Feng are different and concentric.

The Moon Spirit clone will naturally change synchronously!

Because of this, the combat power of the Moon Spirit clone is also quietly increasing.

Yu Xuanji and the others were watching the enemy's situation nervously, but they didn't notice the abnormality of Yueling's clone......

Chapter 637 The persuasion to surrender failed! Accidental enemy!

At this moment, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

Qin Feng's body roared constantly, and the momentum on his body was soaring wildly all the way!

It lasted for a full quarter of an hour before those visions slowly disappeared!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

【Congratulations on the successful conversion! The Yuan force in your body has been transformed into the power of chaos, and your basic combat power has been raised to 60 million stars! 】

After a long time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, full of ecstasy.

This SSS-level chaos talent is really powerful!

As soon as he woke up, he had mastered the power of chaos!

This made his basic combat power skyrocket from 52.2 million stars to 60 million stars in one fell swoop!

It's so powerful!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

His current basic combat power has reached 60 million stars.

If you count the power of the Tao, the power of equipment feedback, and the power of various sacrifices, it will be even more terrifying!

Before Qin Feng was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Congratulations on awakening the SSS-level Chaos Law, your space skills, time skills, and space-time skills have been greatly improved]

[Space teleportation: The cooldown of teleportation is reduced to 0.5 seconds. 】

[Space Summoning: The power is enhanced, and the isolated planet enchantment can also be summoned]

[Qiankun Shift: You can launch Shift on five targets at the same time]

[Breaking the world: The power of breaking the world is increased by twenty times. 】

[Time is still: The cooling time of the skill is shortened to 3 minutes. 】

[Back in time: The cooldown time of the skill is shortened to 3 minutes. 】

[Time and Space Shuttle: Skill cooldown, shortened to half a year (originally one year)]

End of tip!

Qin Feng once again showed a satisfied smile!

The awakening of the chaotic talent not only improves the basic combat power, but also greatly strengthens the time and space skills!

This greatly improved his overall strength!

"The talent fusion is complete, and the next step is to solve the sixth division!"

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked towards the sixth division.

He and the Moon Spirit clone are of the same mind, and naturally know everything that happened in the sixth division!

The army of the beginning and the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty is about to arrive.

It's time for him to assemble the Longyuan army, ready to fight!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked around, and the dozen or so fission variants were still refining artifacts.

The fusion of the present book has not yet been completed!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and two more fission variants were released, and there were other special arrangements.

After doing this, he turned into white light and disappeared into the secret room.

He is going to the fifth division to gather the Longyuan army...

At the same moment, in the sixth division, the sky above the Tiance Clan.

Yueling clone slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

The speed of time in the zero-degree space is fifteen times that of the outside world.

Qin Feng spent a quarter of an hour in the space to complete the fusion of the power of chaos.

In addition, the 620 world has only passed for more than a minute!

At this moment, the Yueling clone is extremely happy!

The basic combat power of his body has been increased to 60 million stars, and if he adds the power of the way, it is equal to 61.2 million stars.