Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Because only those who have obtained the title of 'Novice King' are qualified to do that task.

It had seen some novice kings a long time ago, and those people were all thirteenth and fourteenth level.

But this human is only level 10.

If you want to get the title of 'Novice King' at level 10, it is as hard as the sky.

It seems that this person is definitely not a novice king, and most of them broke in by mistake.

At the same time, Qin Feng was also looking at the strange dog...

[Evil Object]: Hell Three-Headed Dog (King Class)

[Level]: Level 12

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 28 stars

[Characteristics]: Evil, bloodthirsty, eat carrion, protect the territory.

【talent】:? ?

【Skill】:? ?

[Explosion rate]: 100%

what!

This was actually a level 12 king-level monster.

Talents and skills are unavailable.

Strange!

The same level 12 king-level monster, the three-headed hellhound's combat power is 3 stars higher than that of the mammoth king.

It seems that the monsters of the evil species are stronger than the beasts of the same rank!

Woo~!

At this moment, the three-headed dog let out a low cry, and murderous intent appeared in his eyes.

Regardless of whether the human in front of him entered by mistake or not, it will kill it.

Its duty is to kill all intruders!

Whoo~!

In the next second, its figure flashed, and it turned into a gust of wind, killing Qin Feng.

Swish~!

A cold light lit up in the dark night!

The sword is soaring into the sky!

puff~!

Blood splashes!

A terrifying roar!

The three-headed dog of **** was split in half!

Thump~! Thump~!

Two muffled beeps!

The two dog corpses fell heavily!

With just one knife, Qin Feng instantly killed a level 12 king-level evil!

[Successfully killed the level 12 Cerberus Three-Headed Dog (King level) and gained +4 reputation. 】

[Successfully killed the level 12 Cerberus Three-Headed Dog (king level), and obtained +5000 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 12 Cerberus Three-Headed Dog (king level), and obtained +100 Judgment Points]

[Successfully killed the 12th-level Cerberus Three-Headed Dog (King-level), and the quest item was released - quest guide scroll]

[Killing the level 12 Cerberus three-headed dog (king level) successfully, the silver treasure chest burst out. 】

good! good!

Out of the treasure chest again!

Qin Feng was delighted.

He quickly picked up the silver treasure chest and put it in the storage ring.

As a result, he has four silver treasure chests in his hand.

As long as you get another silver treasure chest, you can synthesize a gold treasure chest.

what!

This is... a mission guide scroll!

Is it to guide how to do the task of 'future village chief'?

Qin Feng quickly picked up the 'quest guidance scroll' and sentenced.

As soon as he got the scroll, Tiandao sent a reminder

Chapter 82 Blue Star Realm! Village Chief Appointment Letter!

Qin Feng quickly picked up the 'mission guide scroll'.

As soon as he got the scroll, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement: The novice Qin Feng has obtained the 'Task Guidance Scroll', and the D-level public quest 'Future Village Chief' in 911 Village is fully activated! 】

[Reminder: The progress of the task can be viewed at any time in the public task channel. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the entire 911 village was a sensation.

Everyone can't wait to enter the public task channel and check it excitedly.

My goodness!

Boss Qin Feng is too awesome!

They were still discussing how to find the location of the 'Lost Village'.

Boss Qin Feng has already found it and has activated the task.

Thinking of this, everyone admires Qin Feng more and more.

At the same time, Qin Feng was also a little surprised by Tiandao's announcement.

On second thought, he understood.

This is a public task, and naturally there will be some information in common.

After thinking about this, he couldn't wait to check the scroll.

[Quest Guidance Scroll: Enter the depths of the village, get seven dark spar from the resentful spirit messenger, use the dark spar to open the demon sealing altar, release the resentful demon, kill it, and completely purify the village. 】

[Reminder: Kill the resentful demon and drop the blood of its heart on this scroll, and this scroll can become the 'Village Chief Appointment Letter'. 】

[Reminder: This task is a time-limited task. Before dawn, if the task is not completed, the task is judged to be failed, and the scroll automatically disappears. 】

[Reminder: The resentment demon is extremely powerful, those with insufficient strength should proceed cautiously. 】

Finally know what to do to get the appointment letter.

Qin Feng was delighted.

Having a clue is much better than having no clue.

That's a big improvement!

[Reminder: You are the seventh person in the Blue Star Realm to get the scroll, reminding you to hurry up and complete the task. 】

[Reminder: The initial attributes of the initial villages established by the top 100 people who complete the mission will increase by 50%. 】

[Reminder: The initial attributes of the initial villages established by the top ten people who complete the task will increase by 100%. 】

263 [Reminder: The top 100 people who complete the task, those who perform the task can get personal rewards: 100 attribute points, a silver treasure chest. 】

[Reminder: The top ten people who complete the task will receive personal rewards: 200 attribute points and a golden treasure chest. 】

Tiandao sent another reminder.

Fuck it~!

The top ten who complete the task will be rewarded with 200 attribute points and a golden treasure chest!

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

It would be great if he could get this reward.

By the way, Tiandao reminded him that he was the seventh person in the Blue Star Realm to get the scroll.

Blue Star Realm?

It should refer to the tens of billions of Blue Stars who descended on this world.

It turns out that the Tao of Heaven has divided all the Blue Stars into one world!

Today, there are as many as seven people in the Blue Star Realm who have obtained the scrolls.

It can be seen that there are tens of billions of people in the world, and there are definitely many people who are Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.

He has to hurry up and finish the task.

Otherwise, he wouldn't be in the top ten.

The top ten not only have generous personal rewards, but also increase the initial attributes of the villages they build by 100%.

Such a great benefit, he must not miss it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

At the same time, relevant information was also displayed in the public task channel.

The chat channel has long been completely fried.

"Wow! The top ten people who complete the mission will build a village with 100% more initial attributes! This is a huge benefit!"

"Yeah! If it can become the top ten villages, it will definitely develop into the top ten major forces in the Blue Star Realm in the future."

"Haha! Our boss Qin Feng is the seventh to get the scroll, and he will definitely be able to finish in the top ten."

"Of course it is!"

"Ten million villages in the world! It's amazing to be in the top ten!"Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Hee hee! When I think of Qin Feng's boss, completing the task in the top ten, I'm so excited! I'm so excited that I want to marry him!"

"Sister upstairs, don't fight with your sister! Boss Qin Feng is mine!"

"Haha! Everyone, wait for our 911 village to become a big force in the top ten. We will definitely be able to unify District 1 under the leadership of Boss Qin Feng."

"There are millions of people in each district, and there should be 10,000 districts in the Blue Star Realm. Boss Qin Feng will definitely lead us to sweep the ten thousand districts and unify the Blue Star Realm!"

"That's right! That's right! When the time comes, we will unite all the people of the Dragon Kingdom and sweep the Wan District! Unify the Blue Star Realm!"

"Unification! Unification! We want to unify the Blue Star Realm! Haha!"

Everyone's blood was boiling, and the more they talked, the more excited they became.

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, Boss Qin Feng is so powerful, but he was only the seventh person to get the scroll. Are there six more people who are stronger than Boss Qin Feng?"

"Hey! Yes! There are six people who got the scroll before Qin Feng's boss!"

"Haha! It's not necessarily better than Boss Qin Feng. It depends on luck."

"That's right! Boss Qin Feng is the strongest in the hearts of little women!"

"I also think that the boss Qin Feng is the strongest. However, we can't underestimate others. Those six who got the scrolls must have awakened S-level, SS-level, and even peerless powerhouses with SSS-level talent! "

"Yes! There are also vampires like Edward, the monks of our Dragon Kingdom, the ascetic monks of the Asami Kingdom, the werewolves of the Fulu Kingdom, and the ninjas of the Sakurajima Kingdom. These are not ordinary people, and their starting point is much stronger than us. already."