Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, the combat power of the Moon Spirit clone is equivalent to about 49 million stars, which is infinitely close to the threshold of the true god's limit!

Such a huge improvement was unexpected for him!

With Qin Feng's current strength, even if it is a clone, he can easily kill the ancestors of the years...

"Coming! Coming! They are coming!"

At this moment, there was a nervous murmur from the crowd!

Yueling's clone looked up, and saw Yuanchu, Taishi, Tengkui ancestors and others had arrived.

When the distance was ten thousand feet, the army of Yuan Chu and others stopped.

The two sides confronted each other in the air!

The atmosphere in the field instantly became tense!

At this moment, the children of the Tiance Clan clenched their weapons one by one, and their expressions became extremely nervous, and they didn't even dare to breathe!

There are only 50,000 of them in total, and the False God is only one of Yu Xuanji.

On the other hand, the 700,000-strong army was arrayed in the air, and the army was extremely powerful!

Looking at the front of the team, there are also three illusory gods, Yuanchu, Taishi, and Tengkui ancestors.

In this comparison, the Tiance Clan looks vulnerable!

At this moment, the blue-green coalition all looked at Tiance's disciples with schadenfreude, each with a relaxed and calm expression, as if they had settled for the Tiance clan.

This is clearly a battle of great disparity in combat power!

In their opinion, they are sure to win!

"Miss Xuanji, long time no see!"

Yuan Chu looked at Yu Xuanji with a smile on his face.

"Long time no see indeed!"

Yu Xuanji replied indifferently.

For the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, she did not like it.

This person is very old, and in order to pursue her, he has done a lot of outrageous things, which makes her quite disgusted.

"Miss Xuanji, I didn't expect that you and I would meet with each other one day. This is really not what Yuan wants to see!"

Early Yuan pretended to sigh.

At this time, Taishi took over the words and said: "Miss Xuanji, I really can't figure it out. The other forces in your sixth division all support my Suiyue Clan, but your Tiance Clan wants to support Longyuan City. Why do you want to support Longyuan City? Such a choice?"

"Could it be that Taishi offended Miss Xuanji. Or is it my Suiyu clan who offended Miss Xuanji?"

For this matter, Tai Shi has always been brooding.

This time, he naturally wanted to ask clearly.

Yu Xuanji frowned: "It's my personal matter to choose who to support, do I have to explain it to you?"

She doesn't like Taishi either!

This guy was shameless at the beginning, not under the Yuan Dynasty.

Taishi frowned: "Miss Xuanji is right! You can explain it to me without (baec), but I really don't understand, even if you don't choose my Suiyue clan, you can choose to support Brother Yuanchu. Why did you choose that? Qin Feng who is not at all?"

When he mentioned 'Qin Feng', Tai Shi's tone was a little sour.

He couldn't accept it, and he and Yuan Chu pursued so much, but nothing came of it.

But the goddess in my heart actually chose a challenger born 'Qin Feng'.

Qin Feng's latecomer, He De He Neng, made Yu Xuanji so favored!

Yu Xuanji said in surprise: "Fellow Daoist Taishi, you actually said that Qin Feng is nothing?! You are too self-righteous! Then Qin Feng's city master can even kill the ancestor of Beiming! Can you do it?"

As soon as he said this, Tai Shi's face turned red, and he felt embarrassed.

In this comparison, he is indeed much worse than Qin Feng!

But then, he said stubbornly: "So what? Even if Qin Feng is strong personally, the red camp has few forces and weak strength! They are destined to lose!"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he also echoed: "That's right! Qin Feng and you in the red camp are also strong. In our blue-green camp, there are many False Gods, and there are more than one true God, which can be called soldiers. More generals!"

"So, the red camp is doomed to fail! Miss Xuanji, your choice is very unwise!"

Yu Xuanji sneered: "How do you know that the red camp will lose? Judging from the current situation, it is the red camp that has the upper hand. Both your blue and green camps have suffered heavy losses!"

These words stabbed the sore spot of Yuan Chu and others!

Their faces changed slightly!

yes!

Since the start of the third round of hegemony, the Suiyue Clan has successively lost all the factions in the second and fourth divisions.

The Samsara Clan lost their faction forces in the third and fifth divisions successively.

The two tribes suffered heavy losses!

On the other hand, Longyuan City has not lost a single one!

At this thought, Yuan Chu and Tai Shi felt embarrassed!

Even the children behind them looked weird.

yes!

Since the start of the war, it seems that they are all at a loss!

But in the next second, Yuan Chu sneered: "Miss Xuanji, I knew you would think so. To tell you the truth, Qin Feng alone can achieve such a victory in Longyuan City! But now, Qin Feng can't die. Far."

"You said, once Qin Feng dies, is there any hope for your red camp?"

Yu Xuanji's expression changed slightly.

Immediately, she said angrily: "At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, you have no ability to deal with Qin Feng's city lord, but you curse him behind your back, and what's the point of being so quick?"

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he sneered: "I'm not trying to be quick, but telling the truth. Don't you realize that Qin Feng's position has changed! He has appeared in the fifth division. But his nest is still in the second division. !"

Hearing this, Yu Xuanji calmly observed the map and found that it was indeed the case!

Afterwards, she sneered: "How about that? By the way, Qin Feng has already arrived in the fifth division, which means that he will soon arrive in the sixth division. The people who are panic should be you! Aren't you afraid of Qin Feng? City Lord?!"

Yu Xuanji's tone is always full of respect for Qin Feng, but also full of disdain for Yuanchu and Taishi!

Such a tone made Yuan Chu and Tai Shi feel uncomfortable!

Both of them are getting more and more annoyed!

At that moment, Yuan Chu sneered: "Miss Xuanji, I'm afraid you will be disappointed this time!"

"The reason why Qin Feng appeared in the fifth division was that my father, the seniors of the years, and the Wuwang seniors joined forces to chase down to the fifth division! It is estimated that Qin Feng is at the end of the game at this time, and he is not far from death. It's gone!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the audience was in an uproar!

Yu Xuanji's expression changed greatly!

OMG!

Qin Feng, the city lord, was chased and killed by the three great gods in the middle stage. The situation is definitely not good!

At this moment, her heart sank!

The disciples of the Tiance Clan also panicked, muttering one by one.

"Everyone, the situation is not good!"

"Yeah! Lord Qin Feng was chased and killed by the three real gods in the middle stage, I'm afraid it's more fortunate!"

"I didn't expect that the Wuhuang ancestor also shot!"

"The three great true gods are in the middle stage, and the reincarnation ancestors and the old ancestors of the years are not ordinary middle stage true gods! Even if Qin Feng has the peak strength of the true gods, I am afraid that they will be defeated!"

"This... How can this be good? If there is an accident with Lord Qin Feng, our red camp will be finished!"

At this moment, the Tiance Clan panicked.

Even Yu Xuanji became uneasy.

Seeing the panic of the Tiance Clan, Yuanchu and Taishi looked at each other and smiled, their eyes showing pride.

Afterwards, Taishi said: "Miss Xuanji, the situation is very clear! Your red camp will definitely lose! As long as you choose to surrender, we will not embarrass your Tiance clan. Of course, You personally want to follow me back to the Years Clan!"

surrender? !

Yu Xuanji sneered in his heart!

In the third round of hegemony, surrender is allowed, and the forces that can surrender will be punished by heaven, and they will often fail to recover!

Besides, this Tai Shi is not at ease!

Not only did he want the Tiance Clan to surrender, but he also wanted to follow him back to the Suiyue Clan.

Once you reach the Suiyu Clan, all that is out of your control.

She didn't have to guess to figure out what Taishi wanted to do to her.

Thinking of this, Yu Xuanji sneered,

"You think too much! My Tiance Clan has no habit of surrendering! If you want to fight, why don't you talk nonsense! Do you think that with just a few provocative words from you, you can mess up our clan's military heart?!"

As soon as these words fell, the children of the Tiance Clan agreed.

"That's right! Our Tiance Clan will never surrender!"

"If you want to fight, fight! Do you really think that our Tiance people are afraid of you?"

At this moment, the Tiance ethnic group was excited and showed no fear at all.

This made the Moon Spirit clone, who had been watching, a little surprised.

Taishi and Yuanchu frowned.

"Miss Xuanji, it seems that you won't die until the Yellow River. Do you have to hear the news of Qin Feng's fall before you choose to surrender?"

Tai Shi was a little unwilling.

If he can get this woman without fighting, he is naturally very willing.

Who can guarantee that there will be no damage between the two sides if there is a fight?

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he also said: "Miss Xuanji, your choice is extremely unwise! I wanted to wait for Qin Feng to fall, and then look at your choice. But time waits for no one! Miss Xuanji, I will give you one last chance. You Will it go down or not?"

Yu Xuanji sneered: "This deity will never surrender!"

As soon as these words fell, Yuan Chu and Tai Shi were a little disappointed.

That Tengkui ancestor had long been impatient.

Immediately, he said, "You two, this woman is stubborn! Let's just do it and catch her alive!"

Yuan Chu nodded helplessly: "That's the only way!"Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

The words just fell, the sky shook, and a series of announcements came from Heaven...

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the fifth division, the Naro tribe has been destroyed, and the number of blue camp forces has dropped to: 19....]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: In the fifth division, the Wuxiang clan has been wiped out, and the number of blue camp forces has dropped to: 18...]

........

When the news came out, the audience was shocked!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, the complexion was even more difficult to look at in an instant!

He is the leader of the blue camp forces!

The number of his forces is decreasing one by one, how can this not make him annoyed!

In the crowd, Yueling clone sighed in relief when he heard the news.

He finally got it!

It turned out that he was waiting for Feng Xi and others to store the site in the fifth division.