Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When were they so insulted in public by a small heaven-level realm!

If they don't slaughter this kid into scum, how much face will they have to face the world in the future!

In the blink of an eye, the five people at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty were killed!

"not good!"

Tiance everyone exclaimed in surprise!

Yu Xuanji was even more anxious!

She didn't even think about it, and with a flash, she rushed over to rescue the Moon Spirit clone.

But before she can arrive, the attack of the five Taishi has already fallen!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The five False Gods are powerful, all punched with all their strength, and slammed into the Moon Spirit clone!

The momentum of each punch is shocking!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Where those fist winds passed, the void shattered, and the heavens and the earth cracked!

The momentum of the five attacks, connected together, suddenly reached the limit of the virtual god, and the power was terrifying!

In the blink of an eye, the five powerful men joined forces to reach the sky above the head of the Moon Spirit clone!

But Yu Xuanji has not arrived yet!

She was too late to rescue her!

At this moment, her eyes are full of despair and helplessness!

Among the disciples of the Ce Clan that day, many of the young disciples closed their eyes, as if they could not bear to see the Moon Spirit clone being bombarded to pieces!

On the other hand, the disciples of the blue-green camp all showed schadenfreude.

They were expecting the Moon Spirit clone to be bombarded to pieces!

If you dare to insult the False Gods in public like that, you should be killed on the spot!

In the crowd, Dracula opened his eyes with excitement.

Before that, he hadn't noticed the Moon Spirit clone, and his attention was also on the Jade Profound Body.

It wasn't until Yueling's clone suddenly appeared and insulted the Taishi five people in public that he discovered that there was still a Longbi person here!

As soon as he saw that Long Yan was about to be killed, he was very excited!

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

Seeing that, the combined attack of the Taishi five people will all fall.

It was at this moment that Yueling's clone made a move!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Boom~!

I saw him take a palm and directly meet the terrifying five punches!

With that palm shot, his whole body burst out!

In just a moment, the imposing manner that was infinitely close to the limit of True God instantly enveloped the audience!

Kacha~! Kacha~! Kacha~!

Wherever his palm winds pass, all voids, all laws, are like a piece of paper, all shattered!

At this moment, the palm containing the law of chaos is extremely powerful, and it has completely reached the limit level of the true god, and its momentum is devastating!

Before everyone could react, the attacks from both sides collided!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Five consecutive loud explosions!

It's like the sky is falling apart!

The next second, blood splattered again and again!

The shrill screams echoed in the void!

With just one palm of Yueling's avatar, he smashed Taishi's five people into slag, and even shattered the soul body with one palm, leaving only five blood mists, as well as several low-quality artifacts and storage rings.

Boom~!

This scene suddenly made everyone dumbfounded, and they all stared at the boss!

Yu Xuanji's beautiful big eyes were about to fall.

She almost thought it was her hallucination!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

But before she could think about it, a few white lights flew into the blood mist and poured into the body of the Moon Spirit clone......

There was also an announcement from Tiandao. . . .

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', who killed the hider Teng Kui's ancestor (the middle-rank False God), got +2 gold points. 】

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng' killed the hider Dan Zhu Laozu (the peak of the False God), and obtained +3 gold points. 】

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', who killed the hidden ancestor Ba Snake (the peak of the False God), got +3 gold points. 】

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', who killed the Heaven Suppressor Taishi (the early stage of the False God), gained +1 gold points. 】

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The clone of Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng', who killed Taishi (the early stage of the False God), the slayer of the sky, and got a chance to refine his sacred artifact, with a time limit of 3 minutes... 】

Boom~!

At this moment, the audience was dead silent, not even a breath was heard!

Everyone was completely shocked!

Yu Xuanji looked at the back of Yueling's clone in shock!

Until this moment, she didn't know that what Yueling clone said before was true.

At the same moment, after hearing the reminder of Heavenly Dao, Yueling's clone hurriedly looked at the blood mist formed by Tai Shi, and his eyes fell on a long knife in the blood mist.

The long sword was engraved with several innate divine patterns, and its imposing manner was extremely extraordinary.

According to Tiandao's hint, that is the divine weapon that Taishi possessed - the divine sword of the heaven-scanning god, which is of the middle-grade **** rank.

His body has 3-minute refining authority!

If the refining is not completed within 3 minutes, it will be taken back by Heavenly Dao.

Thinking of this, a white light flashed in front of Yueling's clone, and a stalwart figure appeared out of thin air.

The aura of that figure is more unfathomable than the Moon Spirit clone, and its aura is even more noble!

He is Qin Feng!

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, he immediately waved at the divine blade, sucked it into his hand, and sent it into the zero-degree space.

In his zero-dimensional space, there has been a fission variant waiting for a long time.

As soon as the Heavenly Surveying Divine Blade was sent in, the fission body began to refine with all its strength.

The three-minute refining time given by Tiandao refers to the time in the Blue Star Realm.

The time flow rate in zero-degree space is fifteen times that of the outside world.

That is to say, Qin Feng's fission body has a refining time of forty-five minutes, and it is still very hopeful that it can refine the divine blade.

·0 Seeking flowers

Just when Qin Feng put away the divine blade, the Yueling clone also put away the low-grade artifacts and storage rings left by Teng Kui and others.

Suddenly, Qin Feng realized that something was wrong!

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

I saw the blood mist from the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, and suddenly a yellow ancient talisman floated out, illuminating the sky and the ground with silver light!

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, the blood mist that had been transformed at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, as well as the fragments of its soul body, were all sucked into the ancient talisman.

Then, the white light flashed!

That ancient talisman turned into the appearance of the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!

At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty was resurrected!

It turned out that the ancient talisman was a 'reincarnation talisman' of the low-level god-level, a one-time consumption item.

That is the life-saving card given by the ancestors of reincarnation to the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty. Even if the soul body is broken, it can be resurrected once.

That talisman is extremely precious, even the reincarnation ancestor did not have a second one, and the only one was given to the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!

But saying that the resurrection at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he looked at Qin Feng and Yueling's avatars in horror.

In the next breath, a white light flashed in his hand, and there was an extra golden long sword, which was his divine artifact—the Heavenly Surveying Sword!

Om~!

Then, as soon as his mind moved, the Heaven Surveying Divine Sword lit up with a dazzling golden light, wrapping it up!

Swish~!

In the next second, Yuan Chu disappeared out of thin air!

The whole audience was stunned!

Qin Feng suddenly raised his head and looked above the starry sky.

He sensed that at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he escaped to the starry sky by using the "Surveying the Sky" on the "Suppressing Heaven Artifact".

Obviously, the guy realized that the ancestors of reincarnation and the old ancestors had suffered, and he wanted to escape from the Blue Star Realm!

He must not let Yuan Chu escape!

Otherwise, it will leave a hidden danger to Longyuan City!

.............0

Boom~!

Qin Feng only thought about it, and a pair of golden wings suddenly unfolded behind him. It was the divine wings that surveyed the sky!

huh~!

In the next second, he also launched a sky survey to move, escaped out of the starry sky, and chased after the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty...

It all sounds complicated, but it actually happens in seconds!

Seeing that the main body was chasing after Yuan Chu, Yueling's clone beckoned, and white light flashed in the field!

The 50,000 Longyuan disciples, like heavenly soldiers, descended from the sky one after another!

Mirage, Mu Ling, Bing Ling, Jumang, Feng Xi and others were all present!

"dad!"

"Master (boss)!"

When the disciples saw the Moon Spirit clone, they were all overjoyed!

"Go!"

The Moon Spirit clone pointed at the blue-green army!

As soon as these words fell, the disciples of the blue-green camp finally reacted.

"Quick! Run away!"

"God! Run!"

The children of the blue-green camp exclaimed!

It is changing too fast, far beyond their understanding.

Only at this moment did they react.

But all this has come to an end.