Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the three avatars of the Mirage had already taken all the children and rushed into the enemy army.

Suddenly, the shrill screams came one after another!

A feast of harvest, once again open!

"What are you still doing?"

Yueling's clone looked back at Yu Xuanji.

This reminder, Yu Xuanji and Tian Ce everyone reacted.

The next second, she excitedly shouted, "Kill me!"

"kill!"Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

At the moment, the people of Tiance, under the leadership of Yu Xuanji, also rushed into the enemy army.

The screams of the blue-green camp were even more miserable!

The alliance between Longyuancheng and Tiance Clan killed 700,000 troops of the other side, disintegrating and screaming!

In just a moment, corpses were scattered all over the field, and the air was filled with a thick smell of blood, like an Asura hell!

The Moon Spirit clone smiled slightly and was about to join the battle.

"Huh! This is..."

He suddenly saw a strange figure that turned into a pair of bat wings and wanted to escape...

The Moon Spirit clone took a closer look, it was Dracula!

This guy, he noticed it before.

He recognized at a glance that this was a Western white-skinned.

Thinking of this, his back to Dracula is a world shift!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and the moon spirit clone pulled Dracula from a distance, and instantly pulled it to the front.

Before Dracula could react, he smashed it with one palm, killing it instantly!

As soon as Dracula died, a quaint scripture appeared in the blood mist - "Diffusion scriptures"...

The first time I saw the "Missionary", Yueling's avatar felt a sense of familiarity.

He sensed a sense of humanity from it!

Yueling's clone picked up the scriptures curiously and read them...

At the same moment, the rear of the blue-green coalition.

Kim Er-jung and Anna leaned beside Paul in incomparable horror.

At this moment, Jin Erzhong said anxiously: "Sir Pope, he... they are about to kill them! Quick! Please come out and save us!"

Paul was also very panicked!

At this moment, his fat face was trembling with fear.

"Don't...don't panic! The Lord said to wait! He has to wait for enough soul fragments, enough blood essence! There are not enough people who died now..."

Paul's voice trembled, and his mood was extremely uneasy!

They are still waiting, just for the last moment of eruption.......spoon.

Chapter 639 Even the blood of God! Bible Variation!

But on the other side, Qin Feng moved to the sky with a survey and reached the starry sky.

At this moment, there is an azure planet under his feet, a dark starry sky all around, and bright stars in the distance.

He didn't see Yuan Chu's figure!

Surveying the sky and moving is equivalent to teleporting over a long distance.

The location of the teleportation is determined by the caster's mind.

Everyone has different ideas, and Qin Feng naturally doesn't know where he will teleport to at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

However, no matter how he fled at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he would eventually flee to Qingyuexing.

Because there is an interstellar teleportation array on Qingyue Star, it is the only way to escape from the Blue Star Realm.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flew towards Qingyuexing, trying to intercept the back road at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

He didn't fly for a long time when he saw a figure flying from the back of the planet in the Blue Star Realm, also rushing towards Qingyuexing.

Qin Feng took a closer look, it was the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty!

At the same moment, Yuan Chu also saw Qin Feng, and his face turned pale with fright!

In the next second, he turned around and fled, daring not to flee towards Qingyuexing.

Qin Feng dodged and chased away!

In this way, the two sides chased and escaped, chasing in the starry sky.

Qin Feng doesn't dare to be careless!

The distance between the two sides is a million miles, and he must catch up with the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty within ten minutes and kill him!

Otherwise, as soon as the ten-minute cooldown expires, at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, he would be able to use the Sky Survey to move and escape!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng accelerated and chased away at the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty.

At the same moment, in the sixth division, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky.

After Yueling clone killed Dracula, he was looking at the "Missionary" in his hand with surprise

[Mission Book: Classics of the Blood Family, Low-Grade Divine Rank]

[Refining this thing, you can get the 'primitive first embrace' ability, which can develop the descendants of the blood race. 】

[The descendants who have obtained the 'primitive first embrace' also have the ability to have the first embrace, and can continue to develop their descendants with this skill, but the descendants who develop their descendants will have their upper limit of ability gradually weakened. 】

[Reminder: Only by mastering the S-level bloodline talent (blood monster bat) can this item be refined. 】

Seeing this, Yueling's clone showed a sudden look.

He remembered that when he was at Blue Star, it was rumored that Western blood races could use their first embrace to develop their own descendants.

Cain is the ancestor of the blood family, and it has developed thirteen blood family descendants, the strongest.

In the end, the thirteen blood races also developed more descendants in the way of first embrace.

And those descendants use the first embrace to develop their own descendants.

It is only the descendants of the descendants, and the strength will become weaker and weaker.

The blood clans are divided into princes, dukes, earls, etc. according to their strength.

It turned out that the source of this first-hand ability came from the 'mass scriptures', no wonder there was a humane aura on it.

The number of human beings is not only the divination prediction and the destiny number, but also the soul contract, the descendant blood and so on.

Such a method of first embracing to obtain one's own descendants and influence personnel changes is a humanitarian method.

"God-level humanistic books are extremely rare! The pages of the books in the present world can be turned into "Book of Changes", and the pages of the past and future books can also be turned into humanistic books of the gods. The Classics, is one of them?"

Yueling clone's eyes lit up.

He thought again that Qingchengzi had mentioned that the "Book of Changes", "The Book of Changes" and "The Book of Changes in Guizang" left by the ancestors of Longbi, now only "Book of Changes" still exists.

"Lian Shan Yi" and "Guizang Yi" are inexplicably lost!

That "Lian Shan Yi" is likely to be transformed from the pages of future books!

That "Gui Zang Yi" is likely to be transformed from the pages of the past book!

Qingchengzi also mentioned that the disappearance of "Lianshan Yi" and "Guizang Yi" may have something to do with the Western world.

Could it be that this "Missionary" was transformed by one of these?

By the way, it is most likely transformed by "Guizang Yi".

"Guizang Yi" is likely to be a page from the past, and it is good at manipulating the number of people in the past.

The first embrace of a blood clan can turn a stranger into a descendant of one's own blood.

Simply put, it does not change the future, but the ancestral relationships of the past!

With this figured out, Yueling's avatar's eyes lit up!

He seems to have found a clue to the pages of the past book, which is the "Missionary" in front of him.

Of course, if you want to know the truth, you still need to refine the Missal.

But the refining requirement of this "Missionary" actually requires the bloodline of the S-level blood demon bat, and he does not have the bloodline of such a divine beast in his body.

The blood demon bat is also a kind of divine beast, but it is a relatively low-end divine beast, far inferior to the divine dragon, phoenix, unicorn, and basalt.

In short, if he wanted to refine the "Missionary", he had to find a way to get the blood of the beast of the blood demon bat first.

"By the way, this white-skinned old man can refine the "Mission Book", and he must have the blood of the blood demon bat in his body!"

The Moon Spirit clone quickly looked up and looked at Dracula's wreckage.

Up to now, he has guessed that the descendants of the blood race on the earth are the descendants of blood demon bats.

Those blood clans are pretentious, claiming to be of noble bloodline, and after a long time, their bloodline grade is not as good as the Longbi people at all.

However, the Longbi people reproduce naturally, and the inheritance is very fast.

The more people there are, the thinner the blood of the Dragon God in the body.

And the blood race develops descendants by means of first embrace, which can make the descendants elitist, but the number is extremely rare.

So far, there are not many blood clans on Blue Star, and they will never grow.

Figured this out, the Moon Spirit clone stepped forward and began to extract Dracula's corpse

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of blood of the blood demon bat (low-grade god-level)]

【Endless extraction failed! The divine blood in the target body has been extracted by you]

Got a drop of blood from the blood demon bat!

It's still inferior!

The harvest is very good!

The Moon Spirit clone showed a satisfied smile.

With this drop of blood monster bat blood, it is enough for his body to obtain the bloodline concentration of S-level blood monster bat!

At that time, his body will be able to refine the Missal and learn the truth.

The Moon Spirit clone satisfactorily put away the scriptures and divine blood.

He looked up at the battlefield in front of him again. The blue-green army had already killed more than 300,000 people.

The three clones of Mirage, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit were killed the most, which allowed the main body to harvest a lot of attributes and points!

Yueling's clone smiled, instead of going to kill it, she looked at a few corpses not far away.

Those are the corpses of Tengkui ancestors, Danzhu ancestors, Ba Snake ancestors, and Taishi.

These four people are all illusory gods, and they are very valuable for extraction!

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone walked towards the corpses.

After a while, he came to the corpse of ancestor Tengkui and began to extract it.

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the blood of the snake **** (low-grade god-level)]

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the blood of the snake **** (low-grade god-level)]

【Endless extraction success! You have obtained a drop of the blood of the snake **** (low-grade god-level)]

【Endless extraction failed! The divine blood in the target body has been extracted by you]

This time, I actually got three drops of snake blood, and they were all low-rank gods!

The Moon Spirit clone smiled again!