Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He suddenly thought that the bloodline talent of the main body is the peak level of SSS level.

If you let the body refine some more divine blood, there is hope to sprint to the limit of SSS.

When the bloodline talent of the main body reached the peak of SSS level, he awakened the world of the law (primary).

If the bloodline talent reaches the SSS level limit, it is estimated that it can be upgraded to the intermediate level!

At this thought, Yueling's clone looked forward to it.

The strength of Faxiang Tiandi to Qin Feng is still huge.

If it can be upgraded to the intermediate level, the power will naturally be greater.

At the moment, the Moon Spirit clone continues to extract

It didn't take long for him to extract the corpses of Old Ancestor Danzhu, Old Ancestor Ba Snake, and Tai Shi, and obtained another 60,000 attribute points, as well as three drops of Ba Snake God's Blood (Low-Rank God Rank).

In this way, he only had seven drops of the divine blood in his hands, and the harvest was very good!

After he put away the blood of God, he turned several powerful corpses into ashes.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Yueling clone looked at the blue-green army again, and there were only hundreds of thousands of people left.

The speed of this slaughter is very fast!

Immediately, he smiled and flashed away, joining the slaughter.

At the same time, among the blue-green army that fled in all directions.

Paul, Jin Erzhong, and Anna had long been slaughtered by the surrounding slaughter, and they were dumbfounded!

The three of them hid in the corner, shivering, but they didn't run away!

"Pope Smecta! Everyone is dead! Everyone is dying!"

At this moment, Jin Erzhong was so scared that he wet his pants

"Sir Pope, most of our people in Guangming Town have also been killed! You... Please ask the 'Lord' to come out and save us!"

Anna's face turned pale with fright!

"The lord said, wait a little longer! Wait a little longer!"

At this moment, Paul was holding the Bible, his face pale with fright.

He had already communicated with the "Lord" in the Bible, but the Lord just didn't take action.

"Axi! Lord Pope, all of us in Guangming Town are about to be killed! Why hasn't the 'Lord' come out to rescue our loyal servants of Guangming?!"

At this moment, Jin Erzhong finally couldn't take it anymore, and he couldn't help but curse.

Anna also wondered in her heart, isn't 'Lord' God?

Isn't God omnipotent and loving to his followers?

Why didn't God save them?

Paul's voice trembled: "The Lord is not willing to come out! There is nothing I can do. The Lord said that he needs to have enough blood sacrifices so that he can improve enough strength."

Jin Erzhong was anxious: "Sir Pope! You once said that the Lord will bless all his believers. Now, all of us in Guangming Town are almost killed! Why doesn't the Lord take action?"

Paul smiled bitterly: "The Lord said that things have changed a lot. He originally speculated that the old ancestor of the years would win 90% of the time, but it turned out that Qin Feng won. Things have changed, and he must improve his strength to deal with Qin Feng. !"

"It turns out Lord Assi!"

Curse in the center of Jin Er.

Anna's face instantly turned ugly.

At this moment, she suddenly realized that the 'Lord' is not as great as they thought.

For the sake of himself, the "Lord" can abandon the believers without hesitation, and even enjoy the blood of the "believers" to offer sacrifices to himself.

What is the difference between this approach and Satan?

At this thought, Anna's faith was shaken a little.

However, she had signed a contract with the 'Lord', no matter how shaken she was, she could not change her position.

Those who have been educated by the "Lord" are like brainwashing, they can only believe in the "Lord" and cannot betray

Just when Anna was thinking about it, the blue and green army around had been killed to the point where only tens of thousands of people remained.

The townspeople of Guangming Town are almost killed!

"Hey! There are three more over there!"

"It's a stick and two white skins!"

At this moment, there were several exclamations all around.

Finally, Long Yuan's disciples found Paul and the three hiding in the corner.

"Kill them!"

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Immediately after that, dozens of air-breaking sounds started 2.2!

Dozens of Long Yuan's disciples came to attack the three of them.

The three leaders were Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan.

This made the three of Paul's faces change greatly!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Lord Pope, they killed him!"

Jin Erzhong screamed in fright!

"I buy it! Lord! Help us!"

Paul held up the Bible in horror!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, the three of Liu Xuan came to the front.

Boom~!

Liu Xuan shot Paul directly!

That million-star combat power burst out in an instant, crushing Paul directly.

Boom~! Boom~!

Granny Feng Qi also smashed Anna with a scepter!

Elder Qishan stabbed Jin Erzhong with a sword!

The momentum of the two has also broken the million star!

At this moment, the three of them shot at the same time, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

The three Paul screamed in fright!

Among the three of them, Paul is the strongest.

But even if Paul had the help of the "Bible", his comprehensive strength would have reached the peak of a demigod, and he was not Liu Xuan's opponent at all.

Not to mention Jin Erzhong and Anna. Facing Elder Qishan and Granny Feng Qi, they could only be killed in seconds.

Seeing that the three terrifying attacks were approaching, Paul was planning to leave Jin Erzhong and Anna behind and run away by himself.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

Om~!

A clear sound of heaven and earth!

The "Bible" in Paul's hand suddenly lit up with a dazzling white light, which instantly turned into a huge mask, covering the three of Paul.

Chapter 640 Endless Holy Light! Believe me forever!

In the blink of an eye, all of Liu Xuan's three attacks landed on the mask.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Three muffled beeps in a row!

All three of Liu Xuan were thrown out!

That mask can actually bounce back attacks!

This scene made all the disciples dumbfounded.

Inside the mask, the three of them cheered when they saw this scene.

"It's the Lord! It's the Lord who protected us!"

Just after these words came to an end, Liu Xuan and the others had already stabilized their bodies and slaughtered towards the mask again.

Seeing this, the rest of the children also besieged them.

But in the next second, Liu Xuan and the other disciples were bounced out one by one.

Liu Xuan and others were not reconciled and continued to besiege them frantically.

In the blink of an eye, Liu Xuan and the others besieged them more than a dozen times, and the mask was still intact.

This made Liu Xuan and others feel helpless!

At this time, the blue-green army had been killed, and only three Paul were left in the field.

At this moment, everyone's attention turned to the three of Paul.

Everyone saw that Liu Xuan and other hundreds of people were frantically besieging a mask that could not be breached.

huh~!

At this moment, Yueling's clone teleported to Liu Xuan and the others.

"Boss!"

Liu Xuan and others stopped when they saw Yueling's clone!

"what happened?"

Yueling clone asked curiously.

Liu Xuan smiled bitterly: "Boss, the scriptures in Baipi's hands are very strange. The mask released by so many of us can't break through it!"

Yueling's clone nodded slightly: "You all step back!"

"Yes!"

Liu Xuan and the others quickly returned.

Suddenly, only the Moon Spirit clone was left in the field to confront the mask.

At this moment, Yueling's clone looked at the three of Paul.

When the three Paul saw him, their expressions changed drastically.

"Sir Pope, Qin Feng is here!"

"What should I do with this?!"

Jin Erzhong and Anna panicked.

Paul was also so frightened that he didn't dare to look at Yueling's clone.

It turned out that they regarded Yueling 14 clone as Qin Feng!

They saw with their own eyes that Yueling's clone slapped the five False Gods to death with one palm.

Such a terrifying strength, I am afraid that it has surpassed the peak of the true **** and reached the threshold of the limit of the true god!

In their opinion, it is only Qin Feng who can have such a powerful strength.

The Mirage clone, Ice Spirit clone, and Wood Spirit clone didn't show any strength when slaughtering the blue-green army.

In their opinion, those three are Qin Feng's clones.

Of course, Qin Feng's body appeared once, but he soon chased after Yuan Chu and left.

As soon as it appeared, it disappeared.