Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The three of Paul thought that it was also Qin Feng's avatar.

After such an analysis, the three Pauls regarded Yueling as Qin Feng himself.

This is naturally an underestimation of Qin Feng's strength!

Qin Feng's strength is much stronger than Yueling's clone!

Just when the three of Paul were terrified, the mutation regenerated!

Om~!

I saw the "Bible" in Paul's hand, suddenly let go and fly up, hanging in the air, and again, it was more dazzling than before!

Everyone was shocked and looked up!

Yueling's avatar also showed surprise, and peeped out to the "Bible"

[Bible: Holy Book of Light, the pinnacle of low-grade gods]

[Reminder: Only by mastering the A-level light talent can this thing be refined. 】

"Huh! It's actually a white-skinned Bible from the West!"

Yueling clone's eyes lit up.

The refining requirements of this Bible are not high, you only need to master the A-level light talent, which is easier to refine than the Missal.

However, its rank is higher, reaching the peak of the low-grade **** rank.

That "Missionary" is only a god-level sublime!

In other words, the Bible is more powerful than the Missal.

"Strange! This "Bible" even has a strong sense of humanity, isn't it?

Yue Ling's mind and body moved.

He remembered that Qingchengzi had said that the disappearance of "Lianshan Yi" and "Guizang Yi" was probably related to the Western world.

If the "Missionary" is related to "Guizang Yi".

Is the "Bible" related to "Lian Shan Yi"?

If this is the case, then the Western world is too shameless!

They repeatedly steal the classics of the ancestors of Longbi, and then become theirs.

Thinking of this, Yue Ling felt annoyed in her body and mind.

Of course, these are just his guesses.

He had to check what was going on, so he had to get the Bible first.

"Huh! That is"

Suddenly, Yueling's clone narrowed her eyes,

He sensed that there was a powerful aura hidden in the "Bible", and it was about to come out at this moment.

It seemed that it was that powerful aura that was protecting the three of Paul.

And if he wants to get the "Bible", he must destroy the powerful existence in the "Bible"!

Boom~!

With this in mind, Yueling's avatar dodged and slaughtered towards the "Bible"

Om~!

With his movement, the "Bible" was also completely activated, bursting out with endless white light, illuminating the entire world!

In the next breath, a middle-aged man with blond hair and blue eyes, wearing a white robe, with golden light all over his body, slowly rose from the Bible, looking extremely sacred!

When he appeared, the infinite golden light suddenly illuminated the whole world!

Below, the disciples of Long Yuan were in an uproar!

"God! That's God!"

Many compatriots in Long Pi exclaimed!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

It turned out that the man who rose up in the "Bible" was exactly the same as the God in Western legends.

"Haha! God! Really God! So 'Lord' is God!"

"It's saved! We're saved!"

At this moment, the three of Paul saw the appearance of "God" and cheered.

For them, 'God' is omnipotent.

No matter how strong Qin Feng is, he can never be God's opponent!

The three of them had no doubts about their belief in God.

The Moon Spirit clone was also surprised!

He also did not expect that the powerful existence hidden in the "Bible" turned out to be God.

On the Blue Star, God is the existence of the God of Creation.

However, without any hesitation, he continued to attack violently.

In the blink of an eye, Yueling's clone killed God in front of him.

At this time, God opened his eyes,

He looked at the Moon Spirit clone with arrogance, like a **** looking down on all living beings, full of arrogance and disdain.

At that moment, the aura of his body burst out instantly, suddenly reaching the limit of the true god, more than one step stronger than the moon spirit clone!

"Human! You are guilty! Let me forgive you!"

As soon as the voice fell, God slapped the Moon Spirit clone with a palm.

That palm seemed to be light and light, but when it was taken with one palm, the world was shaking, the laws of the Great Dao were all disordered, and the power was terrifying to the extreme.

Seeing this scene, those Long Bi compatriots opened their eyes one after another and were extremely nervous!

They know that this is a battle between the boss and God!

God!

Although it is not a **** that the Longbi people believe in, its prestige has been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people.

Especially under the advocacy of Westerners, he has long since become the level of the creator god.

How can this not worry them?

Just when the compatriots of Longbi were worried, the three Pauls were extremely excited, and their eyes widened in excitement.

In their opinion, as soon as God made a move, the Moon Spirit clone was dead!

In the blink of an eye, God's palm patted the Moon Spirit clone in front of him!

Where the wind of his palm passes, the void is calm, but all the laws are turned into powder!

Confidence in God's eyes!

He could sense that the human being in front of him did not even reach the threshold of the true god's limit.

He can injure it, or even kill it, with just one palm!

Om~!

Thinking of this, his palm lit up with a dazzling golden light, filled with endless light and divine power, and then slapped the Moon Spirit clone fiercely!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Beside the Yueling clone, white light flashed!

Mirage clones, wood spirit clones, and ice spirit clones appeared out of thin air at the same time!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the next breath, the four avatars shot at the same time, and the four fists met the palm of God.

As soon as these four punches came out, the terrifying power of chaos erupted in an instant.

"Hey! The power of chaos!"

God was amazed.

He did not expect that a human being in the realm of heaven could actually master the power of chaos.

The quality of the power of chaos is much stronger than his divine power of light!

Without waiting for him to think about it, the two sides attacked and collided in an instant!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

In the next second, in a radius of 100 miles, the sky and the earth burst!

With them as the center, a terrifying explosion shock wave swept all around!

The disciples of Long Yuan and Tiance Clan who were watching were so shocked that they vomited blood and flew out!

Only some disciples in the demigod realm could barely stand in place.

And the three Paul, who were under the center of the explosion, were extremely miserable!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask that protected them burst instantly!

Afterwards, the three of Paul were killed by the aftermath of the explosion and turned into three blood mists!

The shrill screams echoed in the field.

The three of them never thought that they would be killed by the aftermath of the explosion!

In the next second, the Moon Spirit clone, the Mirage clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone were shaken back tens of thousands of feet by that palm.

And God stood there, motionless!

Clearly, God has the upper hand!

But Qin Feng's four avatars were not injured.

In such a comparison, God suffered a great loss.

Because of his three believers, all three of Paul were killed by the aftermath.

On the Longyuan City side, although many people were injured, none of them died.

Seeing such a result, God was slightly taken aback, obviously not expecting it.

He was also careless. He really underestimated the strength of Yueling's four clones to cause such a big shock wave, which indirectly killed Paul and the three.

This immediately annoyed God!

"Oh! Human! You are so sinful!"

God looked sullen.

"However, I can still forgive your sins! Come on! Believe in me!"

As soon as the words fell, God raised his chin slightly, spread his hands, and made the appearance of embracing the world!

Om~!

In the next second, he activated his skills!

Countless pure white holy lights descended from the sky and landed on the heads of everyone in the field.

Even the Moon Spirit clone, the Mirage clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone were shrouded in four holy lights.

Covered by the holy light, everyone's faces showed a sacred aura.

Those injured disciples, the injuries on their bodies were repaired by the Holy Light at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Just when everyone was in doubt, the voice of God echoed from the sky.