Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Believe in me! After you die, you can go to a beautiful paradise!"

"Those who believe in me! Have eternal life!"

That recitation sounded like a lullaby!

In all people's minds, the picture of heaven emerges, and the beauty is extremely beautiful!

Everyone's faces showed a look of longing.

It turns out that God is forcibly brainwashing everyone in the audience and turning them into his own faithful believers!

At this moment, the children of the Tiance Clan showed yearning, as if enjoying God's transformation, and willingly accepted brainwashing one by one, preparing to become God's believers.

Only Yu Xuanji's face showed a painful struggle.

She wanted to get rid of Holy Light's forcible brainwashing, but under the shroud of his Holy Light, she couldn't move at all.

Looking at the disciples of Long Yuan, they were all struggling in pain, not wanting to be brainwashed by the Holy Light.

They have all signed contracts with Qin Feng, and naturally they are not easily transformed by the Holy Light.

But under the shroud of those holy lights, they couldn't move very much.

At this moment, there are only four avatars of Qin Feng in the field, and they are not affected in the slightest.

But seeing this scene, Yueling was shocked.

He could see that God's Holy Light was brainwashing, and this is a humane method!

That is to use humane numbers to build a better future for believers, such as heaven and the Garden of Eden.

Let the believers feel that by believing in him, they can enjoy endless happiness and eternal life, and they believe in him.

This kind of fictitious future personnel, and can make people believe it, is the means of the pages of the future.

The pages of the book of the future are good at manipulating the numbers of humanity in the future.

This also makes the Moon Spirit clone more certain that the Bible is related to the pages of the future book.

However, now is not the time to think about that.

God is forcibly brainwashing everyone, he has to stop it!

Otherwise, the children of the Tiance clan will all become faithful believers of God.

Even the disciples of Long Yuan will become believers of God.

He must never let such a thing happen!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

With this in mind, the Moon Spirit clone, the Mirage clone, the Wood Spirit clone, and the Ice Spirit clone slaughtered to God again.

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

"I need blood!"

God speak slowly!

The whole world trembled slightly!

On the ground, the blood of countless war dead turned into blood mist, rushing frantically into God's body.

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

In an instant, God's fighting power has soared wildly all the way!

In a blink of an eye, his combat power has reached 100 million stars.

At this time, God cheered again.

"I need soul fragments!"

The world trembled again!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

The soul fragments of countless war dead poured into God's body frantically again.

In the next second, his combat power and momentum instantly broke through 100 million stars, and continued to increase crazily.

Chapter 641 Bright God Realm! The realm of the **** king!

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

In just an instant, God's aura reached 200 million stars, suddenly reaching the threshold of the main **** realm, extremely terrifying!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

It was at this moment that the Moon Spirit clone, the Mirage clone, the Ice Spirit clone, and the Wood Spirit clone had already arrived, and they all punched and blasted away at God.

Suddenly, the four chaotic forces, breaking the sky and the earth, swept the monsoon, and attacked God!

God still has his hands outstretched and embraces the world.

Facing the attack of the four clones again, he raised his chin slightly, and his eyes were full of disdain and contempt.

He has recovered to the combat power of the threshold of the main **** realm!

How can you put the four clones in your eyes!

At this moment, he overlooked the four clones, like a **** overlooking four strong ants!

"Human! You are sinful!"

God spoke slowly, with a high tone.

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

A golden mask lit up around God, exuding an extremely divine light!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The next second, the attacks of the four clones slammed into the golden mask!

The mask only trembled slightly, and it blocked the joint strike of the four clones!

The corner of God's mouth pursed slightly, showing a smug smile!

The strength gap between the two sides is too great!

The comprehensive combat power of each clone of Qin Feng has not yet reached 50,000 stars.

And God's fighting power has reached 200 million stars.

If God takes action, the four clones can be easily destroyed.

It's just that he is using 'Light Comes' and cannot be interrupted!

Otherwise, his holy light brainwashing will be ineffective, and the efforts just now will be in vain!

It turned out that the brainwashing effect of the coming of the Holy Light needs to be done overnight, and directly brainwash those who accept the Holy Light into believers who are extremely loyal to themselves.

If you are interrupted, you can only start over!

God thought that Qin Feng's four avatars were only at the heaven level. Although their attack power was extremely strong, the strength of their soul body must be weak.

Under the illumination of his holy light, he will definitely be imprisoned in place.

But he did not expect that Qin Feng's four avatars were not affected by his holy light at all.

This shows that the soul strength of the four avatars has reached the true **** realm or higher.

Only when you reach that level can you get rid of the confinement of the Holy Light.

This makes God a little surprised!

However, he wasn't worried.

Even if the four avatars are freed from the confinement of the Holy Light, they cannot break the protection of his 'Holy Cover of Light', and still cannot interrupt his display of the 'Sacred Light'.

After he turns all those human beings into believers, he will take action and deal with these four **** human beings!

"Oh! Humans! You attack a merciful God! You are unforgivable!"

God spoke slowly, with ridicule and disdain in his tone.

The four clones are too lazy to pay attention.

It's just that at this moment, the children of Tiance below all showed excited expressions, and their eyes looking at God became more and more fiery.

Seeing this, the four deities became anxious in their minds and bodies.

Looking at some of Long Yuan's children, the struggles on their faces became weaker and weaker, and their eyes began to become confused.

Even Jumang, Xiaoluan'er, Feng Xi, and Qiyue showed painful struggles on their faces.

Seeing this, the four deities became even more anxious in their minds and bodies!

They must stop God, otherwise all the disciples of Long Yuan will become believers of God, and the consequences will be disastrous!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Thinking of this, white light flashed in the hands of the four avatars!

The Sword of Execution, the Sword of Jue Xing, the Sword of Trapped Star, and the Sword of Slaughtering Star appeared one after another!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

In the next second, four divine swords came out!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky!

Four sword lights shot down from the sky, and they all slashed above the mask!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A series of muffled noises!

The mask still trembled slightly, and there was no sign of cracking!

"Oh! Humble human beings! Please don't do it in vain! With the strength of the four of you, there is no way to break through my 'Holy Shroud of Light' 々 "."

God's tone was mocking and disdainful.

He still maintains the posture of embracing the world, and continues to cast the Holy Light!

The four clones were extremely annoyed and continued to attack the mask frantically.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, there was an uninterrupted bombing sound in the field!

But the 'Holy Cover of Light' still shows no signs of breaking!

In the sound of the bombing, the voice of God could be heard faintly.

"Oh! Humans! One minute! Just wait another minute, and I will be able to accept these believers. At that time, I will use the Holy Light to cleanse your sins and turn you all into light!"

There was a hint of cruelty in God's tone.

The four avatars are extremely anxious!

Listening to God's will, he can turn all the people below into his faithful believers in just one minute!

They must do their best to stop it!

With this in mind, the four avatars increased their attack power and bombarded the mask frantically!

That earth-shattering explosion!

It resounded throughout the world!

At the same time, something was happening on the starry sky in the Blue Star Realm.

I saw that in the dark starry sky, Yuan Chu was desperately flying away!

At this moment, he just wanted to escape from the Blue Star Realm far away and escape Qin Feng's pursuit!

huh~!

But at this moment, a white light flashed in front of him!

Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!