Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Reminder: It is detected that your basic combat power reaches 70.4 million stars, reaching the promotion standard of ‘Supreme Sky Surveyor’]

【Your title is being promoted】

[Title promotion is successful! 】

[Congratulations on your new title - Supreme Sky Surveyor! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Supreme Sky Surveyor' and a 30,000-star combat power blessing! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Supreme Sky Surveyor', and get 10 times the luck value reward. 】

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Supreme Sky Surveyor', your 'Sky Surveyor' can be used three times in a row within ten minutes. 】

[Congratulations on obtaining the title 'Supreme Sky Surveyor', your 'Land Survey Chance Order' will be automatically promoted to the 'Supreme Sky Survey Chance Order'. 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the reminder ended, the void 453 shook!

A golden beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's body

In the next second, his momentum began to soar wildly!

After a while, the golden light dissipated, and the reward was over!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Qin Feng opened his eyes excitedly.

With this reward, his basic combat power soared to 73.4 million stars again!

The luck value has also skyrocketed from 52 times that of ordinary people to 62 times!

This also enhances his strength invisibly!

In addition, the 'Sky Survey Chance Order' in his storage ring was also quietly promoted to the "Supreme Sky Survey Chance Order".

That means his chance level has increased!

However, the Sky Survey Chance Order can only be activated after entering the second floor of the Holy Land.

At this moment, Qin Feng is in a hurry to go back to the rescue and has no time to check.

As soon as the combat power was improved, he quickly waved his hand.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, white light flashed in front of him!

The Ice Domain Magic Spear, Ice Domain God Boots, and Cold Sky Battle Armor appeared out of thin air!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, he put on divine armor boots and held a divine spear in one hand, which was extraordinary!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the Heavenly Surveying Divine Wings, the Heavenly Storage Divine Ring, the Cold Sky Battle Armor, the Ice Territory Spear, and the Ice Territory Divine Boots all gave him back his combat power.

Today, Qin Feng is a complete set of artifacts!

This feedback actually gave him 1.6 million star combat power!

Coupled with the power of 1.2 million stars, his comprehensive combat power reached 76.2 million stars!

Afterwards, his mind moved again, a white light lit up on his body, and his combat power soared by 30,000 stars again.

It was Di Jiang who sacrificed his fighting power to him!

It turned out that Di Jiang had been eating energy pills in the zero-degree space, so he avoided the catastrophe controlled by the Holy Light of God, and he could sacrifice his fighting power to Qin Feng.

As a result, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power reached 79.2 million stars.

huh~!

In the next second, he disappeared out of thin air!

At the same moment, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky.

The Moon Spirit clone, the Mirage clone, the Ice Spirit clone, and the Wood Spirit clone are still frantically bombarding the protective mask of God.

I don't know how many times the mask has been bombarded, but it is still dazzling and not damaged in the slightest.

This made the four clones extremely anxious!

Because, God is about to complete the coming of the Holy Light!

As long as God's Holy Light Brainwashing Ceremony is completed, the disciples of Long Yuan and the Tiance Clan will probably become his followers.

"Oh! Pathetic human beings! There are 10 seconds left before I can complete the ritual of the Light. You are running out of time!"

The corner of God's mouth pursed slightly, revealing a playful smile.

At this moment, he is still posing, holding the world in his arms, which is a gesture of releasing the baptism of the Holy Light.

And there was a faint smile on his face.

In his opinion, he is sure to win!

In 10 seconds, with the strength of Qin Feng's four clones, he would never be able to break his mask, so he could not interrupt his ceremony.

As soon as his ritual is completed, he will free up his hands and use holy light to purify these pesky humans!

With this thought, he was full of confidence and could not help narrowing his eyes, waiting for the dawn of victory.

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

huh~!

Above his head, a white light flashed!

Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

God was slightly taken aback!

Why is there one more person?

Boom~!

Before he could think about it, Qin Feng rose against the wind and turned into a giant, standing tall in the sky!

The magic spear in the ice area in his hand also swung into the wind and turned into a magic spear!

The law of heaven and earth, display it!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At that moment, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power soared to 870,000 stars!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, an illusion of heaven appeared behind Qin Feng.

A prison to control the sky, open!

Attack increased by 30%!

Boom~!

Then, Qin Feng shot and attacked with all his strength!

The attack power of that shot suddenly reached 113 million stars, which was extremely terrifying!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At the same moment, Yueling and other four clones shot together, and the target attacked towards the same point!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

At that moment, the Ice Region Divine Spear lit up with golden light!

The law of chaos, the law of opening the sky, the law of destruction, and the law of killing are superimposed on it.

There is also the looming power of luck, which is also superimposed on it!

This made the power of that shot invisibly raised a level, and its momentum was devastating!

In the same way, the four avatars of Xing Zhu, Jue Xing, Xing Xing, and Xing Xing also lit up with golden light, and they were also blessed with the power of various laws and luck!

At this moment, the attack power of Qin Feng and the four clones has far exceeded the attack of the same combat power!

In the blink of an eye, five attacks fell together!

Bombard one point on the mask together!

This is equivalent to five attacks, the combined force is attacked at one point, and the destructive power is stronger!

Boom~Long~!

A loud explosion!

The entire mask shook violently, and the light also dimmed!

Where it was attacked, there was a trace of invisible cracks left behind!

God was startled and opened his eyes wide!

The combined blow of this guy and the clone can actually shake his protective mask.

Of course, in order to cast the 'Light of the Light', he needs to put on the posture of embracing the world and cannot stop, so he cannot continue to replenish the ability of the mask.

Before, the four clones had been bombarding the mask frantically, which had consumed a lot of the energy of the mask.

Now, it has been attacked by Qin Feng and the clone again, and a crack has appeared!

"Oh! Human! You shook my mask! Your actions have angered me! You will pay for your crimes!"

God opened his mouth slowly, his eyes were contemptuous, containing sullen anger!

Qin Feng is too lazy to pay attention to him!

When he saw that the attack had failed, he became anxious.

Boom~!

In the next breath, he fired again!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The four clones also shot at the same time!

Five attacks once again, attacking the last target!

Boom~Long~!

Another loud bang!

The mask shakes violently!

Click~!

A light to!

With that attack point as the center, the crack expanded a little!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, secretly thinking that there is hope!

Boom~!

At the moment, he fired a third shot again!

The four clones followed closely behind!

Boom~Long~! Boom~Long~! Boom~Long~!

Suddenly, there was a loud bang in the field!

The mask was shaking!

The cracks on it are also increasing!

"Oh! Damn man! You are unforgivable! You can't stop me!"

God is angry!

If he hadn't been performing Holy Light Baptism and couldn't spare his hands, how could Qin Feng be so arrogant!

However, he will soon be able to free up his hands.