Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Now, he is only 8 seconds away from completing the ritual.

If he runs the ceremony with all his strength, he can even complete the Holy Light Baptism ahead of schedule!

Thinking of this, God closed his eyes and ignored Qin Feng, but accelerated his speed and performed Holy Light Baptism!

Om~!

Suddenly, the holy light shrouded in the disciples became more dazzling and brighter!

As soon as those rays of light were strengthened, the brainwashing speed of the disciples was also accelerated.

Many people have closed their eyes and accepted the final transformation!

There was also a glimmer of joy in God's heart.

With his reinforcement, the ritual that originally took 8 seconds to end was estimated to be completed in 5 seconds.

Within 5 seconds, Qin Feng will never be able to break his mask!

When he completes the ritual, he will come to exterminate this nasty human being!

With this in mind, God pushed the Holy Light baptism with all his strength, speeding up the completion of the ceremony!

At the same time, Qin Feng also accelerated his attack speed and bombarded the mask frantically!

In just one second, he attacked seven or eight times in a row.

At this moment, both sides are racing against time!

It depends on who broke the mask first, or who completed the ceremony first!

In this way, the sound of explosions in the field continued, and the heaven and the earth trembled violently, as if the world would collapse in the next second!

And the holy light that descended from the sky became even more dazzling.

An invisible time competition has formed in the field, and it is very fierce!

Three seconds passed in a blink of an eye!

The mask around God is already covered with cracks, and it seems that it is not far from being broken.

But at this moment, God slowly opened his eyes and looked at Qin Feng with pride.

"Oh! Humans! Only the last 2 seconds left! You're not far from death!"

As soon as the words fell, the smile on the corner of God's mouth grew thicker.

These words made Qin Feng's face change greatly!

In just 2 seconds, he didn't have time to break through the mask!

what! This is?

Suddenly, he seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up.

Chapter 643 A blow to the sky! Blast the mask!

what! This is?

Suddenly, Qin Feng seemed to sense something, and his eyes lit up.

huh~!

In the next second, an ancient book flew out of his body!

As soon as the ancient book appeared, it shone for thousands of miles, exuding an earth-shattering aura, causing the whole world to tremble slightly!

"Hey! That's the book of the present world!"

God recognized the foundation of the ancient book at a glance, and his whole body was shaken.

He never thought that Qin Feng actually had a book of the present in his hands.

It turned out that in the zero-degree space, Qin Feng's fission body finally completed the fusion of the present book.

huh~!

Without waiting for God to think about it, the book of this world turned into a white light and automatically merged into Qin Feng's body!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the world trembled!

Countless powers of heaven and earth poured into Qin Feng's body frantically!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, another milky white light beam of luck descended from the sky and shrouded Qin Feng's head!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's luck has increased by 20 times, and his basic combat power has skyrocketed by 50,000 stars!

And the basic combat power of 50,000 stars, under the double increase of Faxiang Tiandi and Yi Jail Zhentian, is equivalent to an increase of about 70,000 stars in comprehensive combat power.

This huge improvement surprised Qin Feng!

Boom~!

In the next breath, he shot with all his strength and slammed into the mask!

At the same moment, the four clones also shot together!

Four lightsabers flashed in a row, and the swords shot up to the sky, slashing at the mask at the same time!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang!

The whole world is shaking violently!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask shattered, turned into a little starlight, and dissipated everywhere!

This time, Qin Feng actually broke the mask!

God was stunned!

He didn't expect that at this last moment, Qin Feng broke through his mask!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Boom~!

Before he could think about it, Qin Feng shot again!

The power of that shot is devastating!

At the same time, the four clones also shot at him together!

"Damn!"

At this moment, God is furious!

But he didn't dare to underestimate Qin Feng's attack, so he had to interrupt the Holy Light baptism ceremony!

"roll!"

In the next second, he roared and slapped his palm out, meeting the attack of Qin Feng and the four clones!

Boom~Long~!

Another loud bang!

In a radius of 100 miles, the world collapses!

Qin Feng was blown away by the palm of his hand, and rolled tens of thousands of feet away!

His four avatars were bombarded on the spot and turned into starlight!

Wait for the divine light that fills the world to dissipate!

Between heaven and earth, there is only God alone, hanging in the air.

After Qin Feng flew tens of thousands of feet upside down, he barely stabilized his body.

It was only at this moment that he realized the true strength of God!

This is the combat power of the threshold of the main **** realm!

Before, God could not spare his hand, and he was passively besieged all the time.

It's different now!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

At the same moment, God looked over with incomparable anger.

But without waiting for God to think about it, Qin Feng's mind moved, and four human figures gathered around him with starlight.

In the next second, the Moon Spirit clone, Mirage clone, Ice Spirit clone, and Wood Spirit clone were all resurrected.

Seeing this scene, God was stunned for a moment.

At this time, he found out that the disciples of Long Yuan and Tian Ce below had escaped the imprisonment of the Holy Light one by one, and they all looked up at him in horror.

Seeing this scene, God was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood!

Don't look at how he slammed Qin Feng into the air just now, and blasted Qin Feng's four clones.

But in fact, Qin Feng was not injured, and at the same time resurrected the four clones, which means that there is no loss.

On the contrary, the Holy Light baptism ceremony that he was about to complete was forcibly interrupted.

Now, the disciples of Long Yuan and Tian Ce have all come to their senses.

His previous efforts were all in vain!

In such a comparison, he is the one who suffers!

This thought, God is very angry!

At this moment, Qin Feng waved his hand, and white light flashed in the field.

More than 50,000 Long Yuan disciples turned into white light and disappeared in place.

That was summoned by Qin Feng into the zero-dimensional space, not giving God a second chance to control.

Immediately afterwards, white light flashed on Qin Feng's body, and his combat power and momentum increased wildly again!

The sacrifice of the combat power of Jumang, Fengxi, Xiaoluaner, and Qiyue also came at this moment.

Today, the combat power of Jumang has reached 3.7 million stars

Feng Xi's combat power reached 2.8 million stars, Xiao Luan'er reached 2.4 million stars, and Qiyue reached 2.1 million stars.

The total combat power of the four is 110,000 combat power, which can give Qin Feng back 7.7 million star combat power.

With the increase of Heaven and Earth Law and One Prison Suppression, it is equivalent to an increase of about 10,000 stars in combat power.

In short, Qin Feng's combat power at this moment has reached about 130 million stars, which has exceeded the upper limit of the true god's limit.

In addition, he has mastered a variety of top-level laws, as well as the power of super luck, and his attack power is not trivial.

But even so, compared with the threshold of the main god, he is still too different!

In other words, he is not yet God's opponent!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath and looked at God solemnly.

The four avatars also clenched the hilt of the sword and looked at God with full alertness.

Since Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed, the comprehensive combat power of the four avatars has reached the limit of true gods.

But even so, Qin Feng and avatar teaming up are not God's opponents.

At this moment, God is also staring at Qin Feng coldly.

The anger in his heart kept surging.

This **** human!

It made him suffer a big loss!

He must destroy this human being and regain the lost face just now.

Having said that, the reason why this Humanity 1.5 can turn over at the last moment is all relying on the mysterious "Book of the Present World".