Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Boss Qin Feng started from an ordinary person, and it is already very remarkable to have the strength he has today."

"Brothers, when you say this, I start to feel uneasy again. I'm so worried that Qin Feng won't make it into the top ten!"

"Upstairs, don't worry! When has boss Qin Feng let us down?"

"That's right!"

But at this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: 911 Village has won five bets and obtained rich resources, so the difficulty of some tasks in 911 Village will automatically increase. 】

[Reminder: The difficulty of this 'Future Village Chief' task has been doubled, and the combat power of all the corresponding evil things has been greatly improved. 】

[Reminder: If this task is completed, all rewards in 911 Village will also be doubled! 】

[Reminder: In this mission, 911 Village is the only village whose difficulty has been raised. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news was announced, the entire village was stunned.

There was an uproar in the chat channel.

"Fuck~! The difficulty of the tasks in our village has doubled!"

"This is not good!"

Liu Yuan: "It's over! It's over! Boss Qin Feng was the seventh to get the scroll, and now the difficulty of the task has doubled, it is almost impossible for him to enter the top ten."

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, your old problem has happened again! How do you know that Qin Feng's boss won't be in the top ten?"

Lei Jue: "That's right! Liu Yuan, your rude mouth, when you are under pressure, you like to sing bad!"

Liu Yuan: "Hey! I'm not talking bad, I'm analyzing rationally. Think about it! How many of those who can get the scrolls in the top 20 are weak? It's safe to say that all of them are peerless powerhouses. what!"

Liu Yuan: "What's irritating is that our village is the only village that has been upgraded. That is to say, the difficulty of Qin Feng's boss completing the task is much more difficult than other peerless masters!"

Liu Yuan: "Let me see, it's impossible for Boss Qin Feng to enter the top ten this time. It is dangerous to enter the top 100. Hey! It's not that Boss Qin Feng is weak, but Tiandao deliberately makes things difficult for us! "

As soon as these words came out, everyone panicked!

Because they know that Liu Yuan's analysis is somewhat reasonable.

"How can this be done?"

"Woo! Woo! Woo! I really hope Qin Feng's boss can enter the top ten!"

"Yeah! I think so too! But according to Liu Yuan's analysis, I think it's a little bit hanging in the top 100."

"Hey! If you can't even enter the top 100, then there will be no additional rewards."

"Brothers, do you know where Qin Feng's boss is doing the task? I'm going to help him!"

"I want to help him too! This is a public task and the responsibility of the whole village. We can't let Boss Qin Feng do it alone!"

"That's right! Everyone, go and help Boss Qin Feng and let him complete the task smoothly!"

Liu Yuan: "Hey! Calm down! Don't be naive! Although this is a public task, in theory, everyone can do it, but it requires the title of 'novice king' to be qualified to do it!"

Liu Yuan: "Ask yourselves, how many of you are novice kings? Let alone kings, they are not even elites, and they are not qualified to connect to tasks at all. How can you help Qin Feng boss?"

Liu Yuan: "Besides, you need a dark seal to enter the 'Lost Village', do you have one?"

"This...this...then what should we do? Can we just watch it?"

"Hey! Seeing Boss Qin Feng carrying the task alone, I feel so sad and anxious!"

"Yeah! I really want to help Boss Qin Feng, but I don't know how to help him?"

"Woo~woo~woo! My little sister is dying!"

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, if you want to help Boss Qin Feng, it's not impossible. The boss has been buying the corpses of level 8 and level 9 beasts, as well as all kinds of spirit flowers, plants, and fruits!"

Liu Yuan: "The only thing we can do is to collect these things and trade them to Boss Qin Feng, even if it is given to Boss Qin Feng. Only in this way can we provide a little help to Boss Qin Feng!"

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, what you said this time has some truth!"

Liu Xuan: "I agree!"

Lei Jue: "I agree too!"

Gu Ming: "I agree too!"

This time, all the bigwigs joined in.

The whole village also joined in.

Liu Yuan was overjoyed.

This feeling of being recognized makes him very happy.

Immediately, he excitedly said: "Brothers, what are we still hesitating about? Everyone, take action! Kill the 8th and 9th level beasts! Find the spirit grass and spirit fruit!"

"Haha! I'm going to level 8 beasts!"

"I'll go as well!"

"Hey! I'm going to the level 9 beast zone!"

At this moment, the entire village was mobilized, and the chat channel was full of enthusiasm.

At the same moment, Qin Feng heard Tiandao's prompt and just wanted to vomit blood.

Fuck it~!

After working for a long time, the difficulty of the task he did was actually twice that of others!

Under such circumstances, let him compete with the world's peerless powerhouses for the top ten?

This is too embarrassing for him!

In this difficult situation, even if he won the tenth place, the gold content is not inferior to the first place.

But can he get tenth?

Qin Feng has nothing in his heart.

However, if he can really enter the top ten, he will get more benefits than the first place.

In short, strength determines results.

It all depends on strength.

If he wants to enter the top ten, he must improve his strength.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more anxious he became.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your vocation progress has reached Level 2 Judge (205/200), and you still need to realize the C-level talent—the true meaning of darkness, before you can be promoted to Level 3. 】

what!

Oh yes!

He also has a hidden vocation that can improve his strength!

Others can only improve their strength through normal upgrades.

However, he can upgrade his dual careers, which gives him another channel to improve his strength.

Right now, the vocation is about to be upgraded.

He can also increase his strength.

Qin Feng was surprised.

He killed the three-headed hellhound just now and gained 100 Judgment Points, which greatly increased his vocation progress.

In addition, the three-headed hellhound also provided him with 5000 energy points.

Thinking of this, he looked at his level progress again.

Fuck it~!

It has reached level 10 (229,800/230,000), and it is just one line away from level 11.

Ha ha!

One more way to increase strength.

Qin Feng was ecstatic.

It was at this moment that a mutation arose.

The yellow mud ground wriggled strangely, and then slowly swallowed the corpse of the three-headed dog at a speed visible to the naked eye...

Fuck it~!

He hasn't picked it up yet!

Qin Feng was in a hurry, he stepped forward quickly, pressed his palm on the dog's corpse, and began to extract

Chapter 83 Resentful spirit messenger, the former king!

Qin Feng was in a hurry, stepped forward quickly, pressed his palm on the dog's corpse, and began to extract...

Om~!

His palm lit up with a dazzling white light!

【Endless extraction success! Get the D-level talent again - Dark Manipulation! 】

[The two talents are automatically superimposed and strengthened, and they are evolving independently...]

[Talent evolution is successful! Your dark talent has been promoted to C rank - the true meaning of darkness. 】

[Your dark talent is promoted to C rank, reaching the conditions for vocation promotion. 】

【You have been promoted to level 3 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases ~ 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! -】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

Fuck it~!

The vocation has been upgraded!

Good luck!

What do you really want!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Tiandao sent another reminder.

[It is detected that your flame talent and darkness talent have reached C rank, your skill Hellfire (Tier 2), automatically evolves into Hellfire (Tier 3), and the power increases tenfold! 】

[Hell Flame: Tier 3 talent skill, its power increases with the increase of fire talent, dark talent, and energy index. 】

good! good!

Hellfire is also advanced!

Qin Feng glanced at his combat strength assessment and suddenly soared to 51 stars.

Sure enough, the upgrade of his vocation has increased his strength a lot!

Now, he has another advanced skill, and his strength is stronger.

This allowed him to compete for the top ten, which gave him more confidence.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

What's more, he is only 200 energy points away from level 11.

As long as he kills another monster at random, his strength can be greatly improved.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

This feeling of continuous progress is wonderful!

At this time, the body of the three-headed dog of **** had been completely swallowed into the ground.