Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

correct!

The Book of the World!

Thinking of the book of the present world, God's eyes lit up, and there was a hint of surprise in his eyes.

Book of the present!

Isn't that the treasure he is searching for?

This is a major discovery!

He has to tell the body quickly!

Thinking of this, the anger in God's heart was actually calmed down a lot.

Then, he looked in the direction of the Bright God Realm, and used the power of telepathy to convey information to the body.

PS: The website requires that a single chapter cannot exceed 3 words. This is because the previous chapter exceeds the number of words. It can only be sent in 2 chapters, which will cause trouble to parents. I can't help it, sorry! .

Chapter 644 The Gate of Eternity! Holy Light Judgment!

At the same time, in the faraway Bright God Realm, in the secret room of a certain temple.

Lucifer and **** were chatting.

At this moment, Lucius smiled and said: "Lord Yeshen, you already have the upper and lower pages of the Book of the Future in your hand, plus the half of the middle page of the Book of Future that you brought back this time in your incarnation, You'll be able to incorporate Future Books very soon."

Yeshen sighed: "If you want to open the 'Gate of Eternity', you need the Book of Gods of the Three Ages. Just one Book of Future~Coming to the Future is not enough."

Lucifer nodded slightly: "Indeed! We still need to look for the Book of the Past and - Book of the Present World."

Yashen sighed again: "These things are still far away. Next, our goal is to wait for me to incarnate! This is"

Halfway through the words, Ye Shen's expression changed.

He received a message from God!

Ye Shen was stunned for a moment, and then his eyes lit up with joy.

"Lord Yeshen, what's the matter?" Lucius asked hurriedly.

Ye Shen did not speak, but turned to look in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

After a while, he slowly retracted his gaze and looked at Lucius with a look of joy.

"Lucy, I have good news for you!"

"what news?"

"My avatar has discovered the whereabouts of the complete Book of the Present."

Lucifer's eyes lit up: "Where is the book now?"

Ye Shen smiled and said: "It's in the hands of a human being in the heaven-level realm in the Blue Star Realm of the Azure Dragon Star Region. At this moment, my avatar is confronting him!"

Lucifer was overjoyed: "This is great! With the strength of your incarnation, you should be able to kill that person very soon. In this way, the Book of the Present World will be in our hands."

Ye God smiled without saying a word.

Afterwards, the two continued to chat while waiting for the good news from God.

They have absolute faith in 'God'.

After all, it is the incarnation of Ye Shen, with the strength of the threshold of the main **** realm.

A human being in the heaven-level realm can never be an opponent of the threshold of the main god-level realm.

At the same time, in the Blue Star Realm, the Tiance Clan was stationed in the sky.

After God finished the message, he turned his head slightly and looked at Qin Feng.

His eyes are still looking down at the world, with an arrogant look overlooking all living beings.

"Human! You are guilty!"

God spoke slowly.

"If you are willing to hand over the 'Book of the World' and choose to believe in me, I can forgive your sins!"

God's voice is full of magnetism, as if he were merciful.

Qin Feng is listening!

This guy is so shameless!

Both want his treasure, but also want to enslave him.

What's even more hilarious is that this guy said that others were guilty, gave them a personality, and then let others take the initiative to pay, playing others as fools!

So shameless, quite the style of Western white skin!

"Human! Bring it!"

God slowly spread out his hand, actually wanting to ask for the Book of the Present World.

Qin Feng sneered: "Sand sculpture!"

God frowned slightly: "Human, how dare you blaspheme the gods! It seems that your heart has been occupied by selfishness and greed, and is full of disgusting sins!"

Qin Feng frowned: "The real greedy person, shouldn't it be you? You are so shameless!"

God was furious: "Damn human beings! Courting death!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, God suddenly slaughtered Qin Feng.

With this move, his vitality rolled, and the sky was shaking!

In the blink of an eye, he came close, and slapped Qin Feng wildly!

Om~!

At that moment, the palm lit up with golden light, reaching the sky and the ground!

Endless power of light!

Filled the whole world!

The power is terrifying!

Boom~!

Qin Feng directly raised his gun to meet him!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The four clones also shot at the same time, and the sword light kept flashing!

Suddenly, Qin Feng and the four avatars joined hands again to greet God's palm.

The corners of God's mouth are slightly upturned, showing disdain!

The power of his palm is more than three points stronger than the previous palm!

In the last palm, he blasted Qin Feng, and also blasted Qin Feng's four clones, but failed to injure Qin Feng.

This made him extremely annoyed, and he felt that he had lost all face!

After all, he is also a threshold-level existence of the main **** realm, how can he not hurt a heaven-level human being with one palm!

Therefore, the power of his palm is strengthened, that is, to hit Qin Feng severely, or even kill him on the spot!

Therefore, this humble human being is doomed this time!

Thinking of this, God's eyes were full of vicious colors, and he slapped it with all his strength!

hum~!

At that moment, the golden light in his palm was prosperous again!

The divine power of light fills the world!

The momentum is shocking!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom~Long~!

Another loud bang!

Kacha~!

In the center of the explosion, a huge black hole exploded!

Thousands of miles around, the sky is falling apart!

Qin Feng was blown away 300,000 feet by that palm.

His four avatars were also exploded on the spot!

Seeing this scene, God was surprised!

Being blasted 300,000 feet by his palm must have been severely injured!

The distance Qin Feng was blown away this time was several times longer than the last time!

This thought made God even more proud in his heart.

But the next second, God was stunned!

After Qin Feng stabilized his body, he stood proudly in the air, and he was completely unscathed!

"Damn!"

God is angry!

He really couldn't figure it out, how could Qin Feng be all right?

The palm of his hand just now was a full-strength palm, which was more than 30% stronger than the previous one!

He naturally didn't know that Qin Feng had just obtained the sacrificial power of Fengxi's three daughters and Jumang, and his comprehensive strength had skyrocketed.

More importantly, Qin Feng's whole body is full of defense, so he can withstand that violent palm!

That was a full blow at the threshold level of the main **** realm!

It's a miracle that he can hold it!

At this moment, Qin Feng's thoughts moved, the stars gathered around, and the four avatars were resurrected again.

Seeing this scene, God is extremely depressed!

The palm of his hand just now had no merit.

It seems that he underestimated this human being!

No wonder a kid in the heaven-level realm can actually get the "Book of the Present World".

However, that's all!

"Human! Your soul and body are full of unforgivable sins! Next, I will use real means to purify your body and soul!"

God spoke slowly, his tone extremely cold.

This time, he will use a big move.

As soon as the words fell, God made a seal.

Boom~Long~Long~!

A shocking move!

Above God's head, a huge white cross slowly emerged, reaching a height of ten thousand feet, exuding a holy white light.

God slowly raised his head and looked at Qin Feng coldly.

This time, he is going to use the high-grade god-level skill - Holy Light Judgment!

High-grade god-level skills!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Powerful!

Often only the strong in the main **** realm can master it.

This little heaven-level human is absolutely unstoppable!