Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

With this in mind, God slowly closed his eyes and began to launch judgment!

Om~!

The next second, the giant cross lit up with a dazzling golden light, extremely sacred!

In an instant, golden light filled the whole world!

The energy momentum contained in it is also soaring wildly all the way!

230 million stars 250 million stars 270 million stars

In the blink of an eye, the energy level of the cross has reached 300 million stars, and it continues to improve.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's face changed greatly!

He could feel that the giant cross was accumulating energy.

When he has enough energy, he will hit him with a sky-shattering blow, killing him on the spot!

The energy level of 300 million stars!

He couldn't even handle a 200 million star attack, so he could only rely on the Tongtian Tyrant Body to barely endure it without getting hurt.

As for the attack power reaching 300 million stars, he absolutely cannot handle it.

I am afraid that under that blow, he will be bombed on the spot!

What's even more terrifying is that the energy storage of the cross is still continuing, and it has reached 330 million stars at this moment!

no!

He has to avoid it!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng didn't dare to face the blow at all, thinking about avoiding it.

But the next second, he was horrified to find that his breath was locked by the 'giant cross'.

No matter where he fled, he could not avoid the next blow.

Even if he escaped above the starry sky, the cross would send a blow to the sky, break through the starry sky, and still hit him.

This feeling is very clear in Qin Feng's heart.

How can high-grade god-level skills be so easily avoided!

In short, in heaven and earth, he has nowhere to escape!

Are you going to die here this time?

Qin Feng was extremely anxious!

340 million stars 350 million stars 360 million stars

The energy of the holy cross continues to climb

At this moment, not only Qin Feng was anxious, but the Tiance disciples who were watching the battle from a distance were even more frightened!

"Patriarch, the power of that cross has reached 370 million stars. This is too terrifying!"

At this moment, Granny Yusang was so frightened that her lips trembled.

"Yes! Lord Qin Feng is in danger now! How can this be good?!"

Yu Xuanji was so anxious that his forehead sweated.

She is really worried about Qin Feng.

The whole person has been overwhelmed with anxiety!

She really did not expect that in the third round of hegemony, a threshold-level existence of the main **** realm appeared.

The threshold of the main **** realm!

That is a powerful person who can obtain the fourth-class star-lord.

Like their Blue Star Realm, they don't even have a fifth-class Star-Lord, how could they be a fourth-class Star-Lord's opponent.

Such a battle is so unfair to Mr. Qin Feng!

Yu Xuanji's beautiful face was anxious, angry, and unwilling!

Unconsciously, Yu Xuanji had a different kind of affection for Qin Feng, and naturally he didn't want Qin Feng to have an accident.

Geniuses always sympathize with geniuses.

What's more, Qin Feng's talent is far beyond her, making it difficult for her to compare.

This also made her recognize Qin Feng even more.

At a critical juncture, she naturally cares about Qin Feng's life and death!

But at this moment, the energy level of the cross had accumulated to 380 million stars.

At this moment, Qin Feng was so anxious that his forehead was sweating!

380 million stars!

There is absolutely no way he can resist it!

Did he this time

what! correct!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

He thought of a way to break the game and knew **** God again.

Chapter 645 Kill God! Harvest against the sky!

At the moment, Qin Feng moved the seal with both hands.

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

The next second, the void behind him began to roar continuously!

Immediately afterwards, a huge mysterious matrix slowly emerged behind him, engraved with innate divine patterns, exuding an extremely mysterious atmosphere.

The shape of the matrix is ​​like a circular clock, with a diameter of one million zhang, which is much larger than a cross that is ten thousand zhang tall.

This scene is amazing!

Let Yu Xuanji and others look stunned!

That is the age matrix!

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

Immediately afterwards, the matrix of years slowly rotated, making a rumbling sound!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes and looked at God in front of him.

At the same moment, God slowly opened his eyes.

His Holy Light Cross is already full of energy, reaching 400 million stars.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

In other words, his Holy Light Cross, the one-shot Holy Light Judgment, can reach 400 million stars!

Such a powerful attack power can hit a threshold-level existence of a main **** in an instant, let alone Qin Feng!

In his opinion, Qin Feng will definitely be killed in one blow.

With this thought, God looked at Qin Feng confidently, as if he was looking at a dead man!

However, the time matrix behind Qin Feng made him frown slightly, and he couldn't understand it.

Obviously, he hadn't seen it before.

However, he didn't care at all.

What kind of means can a 15-day-level human being come up with, I'm afraid it's just a joke.

The corners of God's mouth twitched slightly, thinking self-righteously in his heart.

"Human, let me purify your evil soul!"

As soon as the voice fell, God began to seal the formula.

Om~!

Suddenly, the Holy Light Cross lit up with a divine light!

God is about to attack!

Seeing this scene, the Tiance Clan held their breaths one by one, their hearts in their throats.

Yu Xuanji clenched his fists even more, his palms covered in cold sweat.

They are all worried about Qin Feng!

At the same moment, Qin Feng also quickly moved the seal!

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

He finally launched a big move!

Years sacrifice!

start up!

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The matrix of years behind Qin Feng lit up with azure light, one after another, illuminating the whole world!

Immediately afterwards, an invisible force blessed God.

The next second, God was amazed to find that there was an invisible thing missing from his body!

And with the loss of that kind of thing, his combat power is actually falling madly!

190 million stars 180 million stars 170 million stars

"This is"

God is terrified!

This strange change caught God by surprise!

It turned out that Qin Feng activated the time skill - the sacrifice of years!

However, the sacrifice power of his years is stronger than that of the ancestors of the years.

Its minimum sacrifice life yuan has been reduced to 1 year, but the effect is doubled!

Om~!

In just a split second, Qin Feng sacrificed his one-year lifespan.

His Shouyuan is 3 years old, and now he is only 22 years old. It is nothing to him to sacrifice only 1 year.

At this moment, Qin Feng's appearance has not changed, and there is no trend of aging.

But God's momentum is falling madly!

In the blink of an eye, his aura plummeted to 60,000 stars, just reaching the limit of a true god!

This is exactly what he was in five years ago!

Five years ago, he was still on the Blue Star in the parallel universe, where he couldn't absorb any spiritual energy, and he had to fall asleep in the "Bible".

That was when he was at his weakest!

This time, God was completely stunned!

Bang~!

But before he thought about it, the Holy Light Cross above his head burst into pieces, turned into starlight, and dissipated automatically!

It turned out that the highest-grade divine skill, the Judgment of Holy Light, requires a minimum combat power of 200 million stars.

With less than 200 million star combat power, it cannot be used!

In this scene, God was caught off guard again!

But before he thought about it, Qin Feng teleported to the sky above his head.