Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, Qin Feng's four avatars also teleported over.

Boom~!

In the next breath, Qin Feng bombarded God with a shot!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The four clones also shot at the same time!

Four sword lights, straight to cut God!

The five attacks joined forces, and the momentum was devastating!

"No~!"

God screamed in horror!Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

He never imagined that things would turn around like this!

At this moment, he wanted to avoid the attack, but it was too late.

In panic, he held up a protective mask!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is blasted!

Five attacks hit God in an instant!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering explosion!

"Ah~~~~!"

Terrible scream!

Echoing in the void!

That blow actually blew up God, turning it into white light on the spot.

This scene made Yu Xuanji and others stunned!

Oh my God!

Lord Qin Feng actually blew up a master **** realm!

At this moment, Yu Xuanji and the others opened their mouths so wide that they couldn't believe their eyes at all.

But in the next second, the mutation regenerates.

In the white light, another white ball of light emerged, absorbing the power of light between heaven and earth, and squirming quickly.

In the blink of an eye, a human-shaped light body gradually took shape!

God is not completely dead, but still thinking of resurrection!

Boom~!

Qin Feng shot directly and blasted the light body away again, leaving behind a white ball of light.

At this time, the roar of God came from the ball of light!

"Kid! You dare to kill me? My body will not let you go! My body is the existence of the king of the gods! You can't afford it!"

Even now, God's tone is still extremely strong!

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it and bombarded the white light ball wildly!

His four avatars are also slashing wildly!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Suddenly, the sound of explosions in the sky continued!

The roar of God continued to come out from that ball of light!

He is struggling!

But no matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't escape the fate of being besieged!

The soul aura contained in its light ball is falling madly.

In the blink of an eye, the intensity of the soul breath dropped to the level of the False God realm.

It was at this moment that the divine pupil of Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened!

huh~!

A divine light of punishment shot out!

In just a split second, the ball of light penetrated!

puff~!

A soft sound!

The ball of light completely shattered!

The terrifying roar came out again!

"Human! My body won't let you go! Ten days later, you have to die! All of you humans in the Blue Star Realm have to die!"

The roar of God reverberates in the void!

The white ball of light also shattered inch by inch, turning into white starlight that filled the sky and dissipated between the heavens and the earth.

At the same time, another dazzling golden light flew out from the stars and poured into Qin Feng's body.

[You succeeded in killing the Heaven Defying (the primary god), and you obtained +1 billion attributes]

[You succeeded in killing the Heaven Defying Man (the primary god), and you obtained +9 trillion energy points]

[You succeeded in killing the Heaven Defying Man (the initial stage of the main god), and you got +300 million points. 】

[You succeeded in killing the Heaven Defying Man (the primary god), and you gained +1 reputation. 】

[You succeeded in killing the Heaven Defying Man (the initial stage of the Lord God), and you got +10 gold points. 】

[You successfully killed the anti-sky (the primary god) and obtained +5 gold judgment value. 】

[Mention 713 Awakening: Beheading an incarnation can obtain judgment points, but beheading a clone has no judgment value. 】

Boom~!

After hearing Tiandao's prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

It turns out that existences like 'God' are considered to be the existences of the gods in this third round of hegemony

The harvest of beheading it is too rich!

For light attribute points, 1 billion points were obtained.

Even better, it also provides 5 gold judgment points!

Judgment points are too difficult to obtain, but getting 5 gold judgment points is a big chance!

Up to now, Qin Feng has also discovered a secret.

That is to kill all kinds of incarnations, and you can also get judgment points.

This is because the 'avatar' is an abnormal existence, which violates the laws of heaven and earth and can be judged.

The clone is normal, and there is no judgment value for beheading!

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with the harvest this time!

It was at this moment that an upgraded white light lit up on his body!

【Your level has been promoted to level 70! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2 points! 】

【You get 1 free attribute! 】

Qin Feng laughed!

Finally got to level 70!

This is equivalent to saying that he is qualified to participate in the first-class Shenwu assessment.

But before he was happy, the light of upgrade lit up on him again.

[Congratulations on your promotion to Level 54 Judgment Supreme (Elementary)! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2 points! 】

[Congratulations on your promotion to Level 55 Judgment Supreme (Elementary)! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2 points! 】

His vocation!

Two levels in a row!

Qin Feng showed a happy smile! .

Chapter 646 The True Form of the Bible! Mystery Box!

In the next second, Qin Feng's figure shrank rapidly, releasing the law of the world.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, there was another soft sound from below!

He looked down and saw that the Bible was lit up with a faint white light, and there was a constant sound from the inside, as if some kind of seal was disintegrating.

Kacha~!

The last bang!

The Bible shines brightly!

Afterwards, it wriggled on its own, turned into a half-thin book page, suspended in the air, and bloomed with dazzling golden light!

I saw that half of the page was full of divine scriptures, each word had its own divine light, and the atmosphere was extraordinary!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he snooped away.

[Page in the book of the future (1/2): The peak of low-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

Qin Feng smiled!

Sure enough!

It turned out that the "Bible" was transformed into a half-page "Book of the Future", no wonder it contains a strong humane atmosphere.

No wonder, its rank is the pinnacle of the low-rank **** rank.

The complete middle page should be the middle grade **** level.

However, this is already a huge gain.

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

One of his SS-level mission opportunities is to collect the "Book of the Present World", "Book of the Past", and "Book of the Future".

"Book of the Present World", he has already got it!

Only "Past Book" and "Future Book" are left.

Now, he has got another half of the "Future Book" pages, which is a good start.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng made a random move, and the **** page automatically flew into his hands.

At the same moment, the disciples of the Tiance Clan also came to their senses, and they were all amazed!

Until this moment, they still can't believe what happened before.