Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The blue-green army of more than 700,000 people left behind an extremely rich treasure, so naturally they couldn't miss it!

In this way, Qin Feng and Yu Xuanji went to the forbidden area of ​​the Tiance Clan.

The children began to clear the battlefield

At the same time, in the faraway Bright God Realm, in the secret room of a certain temple.

Jesus and Lucifer were chatting.

"By the way, Lord Yeshen, it's been a quarter of an hour. Hasn't there been news about your avatar yet?"

Lucifer brought up the business.

The two chatted so deeply that they almost forgot their business.

Ye Shen smiled slightly: "The Azure Dragon Star Region is too far away. If my avatar doesn't take the initiative to send messages, I can't sense his condition synchronously."

It turns out that telepathy is limited by distance.

Even Yeshen in the 020 God King Realm is no exception.

If they are in the same star field, what happened to the incarnation, Ye Shen can sense it simultaneously.

In a different star field, he can't do it.

That requires him to concentrate all his strength in order to sense the situation over there.

This is also the reason why he did not know at first after God appeared in the Blue Star Realm.

He didn't know that his incarnation was back until God came out of the Bible and sent him a message.

"However, counting the time, my avatar should have already eliminated that human being."

Yes God believes in himself.

Lucifer also smiled and said: "Of course! A human being in the heaven realm, how could he be the opponent of your incarnation. I think it must be your incarnation who got the "Book of the World". you!"

Ye Shen smiled: "I will communicate with him now and see how it turns out!"

As soon as the words fell, Ye Shen closed his eyes slightly and started telepathy.

Om~!

In the next second, a faint white light lit up between his eyebrows, almost invisible.

Lucifer looked at him expectantly.

Sanshi Divine Book!

That is the secret key to open the 'Gate of Eternity'!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

How could he not look forward to it? !

At this thought, Lucifer's heart was hot.

But the next second, he saw that Ye Shen opened his eyes in shock and anger.

Lu Xishen's heart "squeaked" and suddenly felt bad.

"Lord Yashen, what's wrong?"

"My avatar was destroyed!"

"what?!"

Boom~!

Lucius was shocked, and his eyes were full of unbelievable colors.

"How is this possible! Lord Yeshen, your incarnation has the strength of the threshold of the main **** realm. How can anyone kill him on that last-class planet that doesn't even have a star master?"

Ye Shen took a deep breath: "I also feel strange! But my avatar was indeed destroyed, and I didn't even have time to send out the message for help!"

It turned out that God was suddenly bombarded by Qin Feng.

As a result, God did not even have time to issue his final cry for help.

In the final state of the ball of light, Qin Feng had been bombarded wildly, causing God to be unable to ask for help, and was finally extinguished by the divine light of punishment.

In this way, from the beginning to the end, Ye Shen did not know who destroyed his avatar!

"Lord Yeshen, who would destroy your clone? Could it be a main **** who passed by the Blue Star Realm?!"

"Humph! No matter who it is! Dare to kill the incarnation of the deity! The deity must pay the price!"

Ye Shen looked in the direction of the Blue Star Realm angrily.

"Lord God, what should we do next?"

"You personally take someone to the Blue Star Realm! Find out the truth!"

"Yes!"

Lucifer quickly took the order.

"By the way, the heaven-level human who confronted my incarnation must know the truth and must not let him go! Of course, if he is still alive!"

"My subordinate understands!"

"This is what he looks like!"

As soon as the voice fell, Ye Shen waved his hand.

Om~!

When the space in front of him shook for a while, a projection appeared, and a handsome and extraordinary young man appeared on it, it was Qin Feng!

Lucifer looked at Qin Feng's portrait and frowned slightly.

"Lord Yeshen, this young man has yellow skin and black hair, and he really misses the dragon on the blue star."

With this reminder, Ye Shen raised his eyes slightly and looked at Qin Feng's portrait carefully.

After a while, he nodded slightly: "It really looks like the Longbiren! The Longbiren is the descendant of the Three Queens, and has a great relationship with the Judgment God Realm!"

Afterwards, he sneered again: "However, the life and death of the Three Emperors are unknown now, and the Judgment Divine Realm is in chaos. Even if he is a descendant of the Three Queens, there is no need to worry. If he should kill, he must kill!"

"This subordinate understands! Time is running out, I'll take someone to the Blue Star Realm!"

"Okay! If it wasn't for the opening of the God-King Alliance, this king would not be able to escape. Otherwise, this king will definitely go to the Blue Star Realm this time to find out the truth."

Lucifer also said angrily: "Don't worry, Lord Yashen! After I find out the truth, I will definitely wash the entire Blue Star Realm with blood and destroy all the creatures above to comfort your incarnated spirit!"

"Presumably, even if we destroy the entire Blue Star Realm, the people in the Azure Dragon Star Region will not dare to talk much. After all, it is only a last-class cultivation planet, and the high-level officials of the Azure Dragon Star Region will not pay too much attention."

Ye Shen said with a gloomy face: "Then do it like this!"

They actually turned their incarnations to be destroyed, and angered the entire Blue Star Realm.

This is the law of the jungle!

No reason needed!

"By the way, Lucy, do you think that my incarnation was destroyed, could it be the work of this heavenly human?"

Ye Shen looked up at Qin Feng's portrait.

Lucifer shook his head again and again: "This is absolutely impossible! How could a person in the heaven-level realm destroy the existence of the threshold level of the main **** realm! This is not in line with common sense at all!"

"For your subordinates to see, it is likely that the Lord God who passed by shot it. Of course, this kid can't get rid of it. If you want to know the truth, you must first find him!"

Ye Shen also nodded slightly: "Indeed!"

Up to now, the two of them don't know that God was killed by Qin Feng.

It is because Qin Feng's realm is too low, making it difficult for them to doubt!

They couldn't believe that a human in the heaven-level realm could kill the threshold of the main god-level realm.

Of course, God's message to Yeshen did not describe Qin Feng's strength in detail.

That's why **** and Lucy don't know the truth yet.

"Not much to say! The Azure Dragon Star Territory is far away. When you arrive at the Blue Star Territory, it will be ten days and a half later. You go to find out the truth! By the way, there is also that Book of the World! "

As soon as the "Book of the Present World" was mentioned, Ye Shen thought of the half-page of the gods in the avatar's hand, and felt depressed.

Now you don't have to think about it to know that half of the divine page is probably lost.

He thought that this incarnation battle would give him a lot.

Unexpectedly, he lost his wife and lost his army!

This made him have the urge to vomit blood!

"Sir, I'm going right now!"

Immediately, Lucius gave a little salute, turned into white light, and disappeared out of thin air.

Looking at the direction in which Lucifer disappeared, Yeshen fell into contemplation.

He has absolute confidence in the strength of God Lucy.

Lucifer is a quasi-god king who can easily crush those main gods.

What's more, God Lucifer will bring some powerful men over.

Presumably, after ten days and a half months, he will be able to know the truth.

Thinking of this, Ye Shen closed his eyes and continued to retreat.

At the same time, the Blue Star Realm, the forbidden land of the Tiance Clan.

In that forbidden area, there is a palace.

At this moment, the Forbidden Palace, a secret room.

Yu Xuanji held a secret box in his hand and handed it to Qin Feng respectfully.

"Master, this is the secret box left by my ancestors!"

Qin Feng took the secret box and looked carefully.

I saw that the secret box was all black, with a five-square talisman engraved on it.

On the five array eyes, the portraits of the five mythical beasts of Qinglong, Suzaku, White Tiger, Xuanwu, and Qilin are engraved respectively.

Qin Feng looked at it for a while, and found that the energy level of the five-square talisman, which is also the level of the true god, could be forcibly broken.

Seemingly seeing Qin Feng's thoughts, Yu Xuanji quickly explained.

"Master, the five-square rune formation on this secret box cannot be forcibly destroyed. Otherwise, once it is forcibly broken, it will automatically destroy the divine page in the box."

Qin Feng suddenly said: "So it is! It seems that the only way to break the five-square talisman formation is the correct way. Do you have a way to break the formation?"

Yu Xuanji replied: "Yes! However, this method is too difficult to say, I wonder if the master can do it?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Can you tell me first?"

Yu Xuanji said: "According to the legacy of our ancestors, only one person who has the blood of the Azure Dragon, Suzaku, White Tiger, Xuanwu, and Qilin from the five directions of Heaven's Path can decipher this formation and open the secret box."

Qin Feng was puzzled: "Why are those who have those five bloodlines called those of the five directions of the heavens and the five directions of luck?"

Yu Xuanji smiled and said: "The master doesn't know anything. It is rumored that at the beginning of the birth of this universe, the Tao of Heaven had asked Zulong, Yuanfeng, Shiqilin, Tiger Emperor, and Xuanwu Emperor to inherit the luck of one side and guard the five sides of the universe."

"The descendants of these five ancestral-level divine beasts are naturally blessed by one's luck."

"For example, the descendants of Qinglong have their own oriental luck. If their descendants live in the eastern region, it is easier for monks to achieve great results, and it is easier for mortals to create brilliant civilizations."

Hearing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

He thought about it for a while, as if that was the case.

On that blue star, it seems that only the civilization established by the Longbi people has lasted for five thousand years, splendid and uninterrupted.

The rest of the nations are incomparable!

And the place where the Longbi people live is in the east, so it has always been called a great country in the east.

In this dark place, it seems that there is a protection of heaven and luck! .

Chapter 648 The Complete God Page! Human messenger!

At the moment, Qin Feng said with a smile: "So, if someone can possess the blood of the five divine beasts, it means that they have the luck of the five directions. Between heaven and earth, let him roam. No matter where he goes, he will have the luck of the heavens. Sheltered?"

Yu Xuanji took a deep breath: "That's true! But in this world, how could someone possess the blood of the five divine beasts at the same time? Most of the bloodline talents are born, not anyone who wants to have it!"