Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

At the end, Yu Xuanji sighed.

Qin Feng showed a secret smile.

Because in his body, all the gods and blood of the five parties have long been complete.

That is to say, he bears the luck of the five directions, and he can roam freely in the world.

"By the way, master, I didn't know you could have the blood of these top-level mythical beasts"

Having said that, Yu Xuanji looked at Qin Feng with some trepidation.

She naturally hopes that Qin Feng can have the blood of the five parties!

But this is so hard!

The five-party mythical beasts are all top-notch mythical beasts.

It is extremely rare to have one bloodline, let alone five.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and was about to speak.

Yu Xuanji took a deep breath and said, "Master, during the previous battle, my concubine has vaguely felt that some of your Longyuan children have the blood of the dragon, some have the blood of the phoenix, and some have the blood of the unicorn."

"It is estimated that you also have these three bloodlines. However, the concubine did not detect the aura of the Xuanwu bloodline and the Baihu bloodline on the body of Long Yuan's children. I'm afraid that you probably do not have these two bloodlines, right?"

"That white tiger bloodline, concubine body can't do anything. But if you need Xuanwu bloodline, concubine body has a secret method that allows you to have Xuanwu bloodline."

Qin Feng was surprised!

He knew that all the disciples of the Tiance Clan possessed the bloodline of Xuanwu.

But blood is born, and the possibility of acquiring it the day after tomorrow is extremely small.

Immediately, he was curious: "Most of the bloodline talents are born, but it is extremely difficult to obtain the day after tomorrow. What can you do?"

Yu Xuanji's pretty face blushed slightly: "This method is a bit embarrassing. It is to find a perfect woman from our family and let the master draw a drop of the purest Xuanwu blood from her body."

"Of course, the woman's basaltic bloodline talent must reach the S rank in order to take effect. Otherwise, she will not be able to help the master to obtain the basaltic bloodline talent. The specific operation secret method is in this jade talisman."

As soon as the words fell, Yu Xuanji blushed slightly, took out a jade talisman and handed it over.

Qin Feng took it curiously, released his consciousness, infiltrated the jade talisman, and checked the secret method.

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes with a strange look on his face.

Then, he looked up at Yu Xuanji.

Yu Xuanji's pretty face was already flushed, and she didn't dare to look at him.

It turned out that the secret method actually asked Qin Feng to absorb the purest basalt blood essence from the body of a perfect woman.

It's just that the process is somewhat indescribable, requiring women to sacrifice the most precious things.

Of course, everything works together!

This method is not limited to the Xuanwu bloodline, other bloodline talents can also be tried.

For example, women of Phoenix bloodline and Qilin bloodline can also help Qin Feng acquire bloodline talents.

At the same time, that secret method can not only be used to acquire bloodline talent, but also strengthen bloodline talent.

However, it is of no use to Qin Feng.

"This method is a bit biased!"

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he threw the jade talisman back to Yu Xuanji.

Yu Xuanji was taken aback: "Master, you don't want to use this method?"

Qin Feng was noncommittal.

Yu Xuanji was anxious, thinking that Qin Feng wanted to give up opening the secret box.

Immediately, she said: "Master, are you worried that this method is difficult to perform?"

Qin Feng smiled and didn't speak.

Yu Xuanji continued: "The difficulty is indeed not small! The biggest difficulty is to find a woman who has the talent of S-rank Xuanwu bloodline and is perfect. Such a person is indeed extremely difficult to find! In fact,"

Having said that, Yu Xuan hesitated.

Then, she said a little shyly: "Actually, there is such a person in front of you, that is, a concubine!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng was stunned and couldn't help looking at her.

Yu Xuanji didn't dare to look at each other even more, and her pretty face turned even redder.

Her words have made it clear that as long as Qin Feng needs it, she is willing to help Qin Feng.

Seeing Yu Xuanji's shy and pleasant appearance, Qin Feng felt inexplicably interesting, so he looked at her.

Having said that, this woman has fair complexion, a slender figure, and beautiful facial features. She is indeed a rare peerless beauty.

Even more beautiful than Feng Xi!

but

Qin Feng smiled and didn't speak.

But Yu Xuanji became more and more nervous under his scrutiny, with some inexplicable apprehension and some unspoken expectations.

At this moment, Qin Feng withdrew his gaze, directly broke the blood and dripped the blood to the five-square talisman on the secret box.

pop~!

Blood is dripping!

That talisman dries up the blood essence at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Om~!

In the next second, the five-square rune formation was activated!

Send out a dazzling aura!

Yu Xuanji was alarmed, he looked up quickly, and saw the five-square talisman formation, shining brightly!

Ow~! Boo~! roar~!

The next second, the dragon roars and the phoenix sings, the unicorn roars and the tiger roars!

In the light of the talisman, the illusions of Qinglong, White Tiger, Suzaku, Xuanwu, and Qilin appeared, and the imposing manner was extraordinary!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the lid of the secret box slowly opened under Yu Xuanji's surprised gaze!

Yu Xuanji was dumbfounded!

It turns out that the owner has already possessed the 'Five Divine Blood'!

Then she just

Yu Xuanji's pretty face immediately flushed, shy and happy.

To her delight, the master actually opened the secret box!

She was ashamed that she had just taken the initiative to be the master

Click~!

A soft sound!

The secret box is completely open!

Half a thin book page floated out of the box automatically, bursting with dazzling golden light!

I saw that it was full of divine scriptures, and the words had their own divine light, and the weather was extraordinary!

[Page in the book of the future (1/2): The peak of low-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

It was indeed what he was looking for!

At the moment, he turned to look at Yu Xuanji.

"This thing is useful to me, I want to take it, I don't know if I can?"

Yu Xuanji smiled and said: "Master, this is my ancestor, and it was given to someone who is destined. As long as someone can bear the luck of the five directions and open this secret box, this thing will belong to that person. Since it is the master who opens it, This thing is naturally the owner's."

Today, Yu Xuanji has recognized Qin Feng as the master.

The two have souls bound together.

She has long since given up on Qin Feng.

Even if Qin Feng does not have the blood of the five parties, she will find a way to help Qin Feng obtain the blood of the five parties.

To this end, she was willing to give even her most precious perfection.

Qin Feng smiled happily: "Your ancestor is mysterious! Then Qin Mou is disrespectful!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he took out the other half of the middle page of the Book of the Future from the storage ring.

Om~! Om~!

As soon as the two and a half pages of the gods saw each other, they resonated at the same time, and the inspiration came out!

In the next second, the two and a half pages of the gods will automatically meet, and the fracture will merge by itself.

In just a moment, a complete **** page is perfectly integrated!

[Pages in the book of the future: middle-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

Qin Feng looked up at the **** page with a look of joy.

He also got the middle page of "Future Book"!

That SS-level mission opportunity, there is some progress!

Next, he has to look for the previous and next pages of the Book of the Future.

I just don't know, where are the previous and next pages?

At this thought, Qin Feng was a little confused.

He didn't know that the upper and lower pages of the Book of the Future were in the hands of Jesus.

Naye God is the body of God, and at this moment, he has sent his first warrior, Lu Xishen, to kill the Blue Star Realm.

Of course, when Lucius arrives at the Blue Star Realm, it will be ten days and a half later.

In short, Qin Feng is in a good mood after getting the complete middle page of "The Book of the Future".

"Master, what's going on here, let me go out and see what's going on outside!"Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Yu Xuanji felt somewhat embarrassed when he thought of the previous incident.

At this moment, she only wanted to talk to Granny Yusang outside, and didn't want to be embarrassed all the time.

But not wanting, Qin Feng stared at her with a smile on his face.

"Don't worry! I still need you!"

"Oh!"

Yu Xuanji responded subconsciously.

But then, she seemed to think of something, and her heart trembled.

Does the master want to take her away?

Thinking about it, even if the master already has the Xuanwu bloodline, he can still use that secret technique to strengthen the Xuanwu bloodline.

Besides, there is only her and the master here, and there is no one else.

The master asked her to stay, it must be

Thinking of this, she blushed slightly, and said in a voice as weak as a gnat, "Master, do you want to strengthen your Xuanwu bloodline? If so, this place is a bit inconvenient. There is a bedroom over there!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "You don't have to go to the bedroom! It's here!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he walked towards Yu Xuanji.

"Oh!"

Yu Xuanji responded obediently, and when he saw Qin Feng coming, he was a little nervous.