Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, he sighed: "It seems that I will go all out to improve my strength next, and I can't be complacent, let alone relax!"

Yu Xuanji hurriedly said: "Master, the next thing we need to do is to do everything possible to help you improve your strength. I don't know, is there any way you can improve your strength?"

Feng Xi said: "Patriarch Jade, the master needs to unlock 200,000-star combat power back-feeding, which requires 4 sites. At present, the number of sites in Longyuan City is 346. We will remove those remnants and collect their sites. It is estimated that we can achieve Require."

Qi Yue also said: "Also, if we want to upgrade Longyuan City to level 12, we also need 4 sites. The matter of this site can be said to kill two birds with one stone! If we upgrade Longyuan again, the master's strength will increase greatly."

Xiao Luan'er said with a look of anticipation: "Then let's hurry up and clean up the remaining sins and occupy those territories!"

"Yeah! We need to act quickly on this matter! Boss' time is very precious!"

Liu Xuan also urged.

As soon as these words fell, there was a sense of urgency in everyone's heart.

Qin Feng also felt that the time was urgent and could not be delayed.

At the moment, he waved his hand, and a white light flashed in front of him.

A cute little baby with black hair and big eyes, about two years old, appeared in front of everyone.

"Dad! Daddy!"

As soon as Xiao Nenwa appeared in 453, she happily ran to Qin Feng's side, hugging his thigh and acting like a spoiled child.

"Hey! Dad, who is this?"

Xiao Luan'er looked at the little guy curiously.

Jumang was also full of curiosity.

Now, Jumang is four or five years old, more sensible than before, and no longer as ignorant as before.

"This is Di Jiang!"

Qin Feng fondly touched Di Jiang's cerebellum.

This little guy has finished his energy pills, his level has risen to level 47, and his combat power has reached 4.7 million stars, which is extremely powerful!

Qin Feng is very satisfied with him!

"Wow! So this is Di Jiang's younger brother!"

Xiao Luan'er was very happy.

"younger brother!"

Jumang also ran over happily and took Di Jiang's little hand.

Di Jiang looked at the two of them curiously, and felt inexplicably cordial.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was quite happy.

These are the children hatched by his blood.

He naturally hopes that their sister and brother can love each other.

"Okay! I asked Di Jiang to come out, just want you to take him to clean up the remaining evil, so that he can be promoted!"

"Don't worry, Dad! I will take good care of Di Jiang's brother!"

Xiao Luan'er took the initiative to promise.

Qin Feng smiled.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

At the moment, after he arranged some tasks for everyone, he turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Then, under the leadership of Qin Feng's four avatars, the army of 100,000 Longyuan began to clear the remaining evil.

On the other side, after Qin Feng returned to the zero-degree space, he separated eight fission bodies and let them refine eight drops of lower-level divine blood.

Those are what he got from the ancestors of Ba Snake, Dracula and others.

Now, as long as he can improve his strength, he will do it.

The most urgent thing for him now is to improve his strength.

After dealing with the essence and blood, Qin Feng opened the panel and checked it.

The attribute points he got from killing God have not been added yet!

[Free attribute]: 1 billion

[Golden Points]: 54 points

【Reputation】: 133 points.

After reading this, Qin Feng laughed!

1 billion attribute points!

This time, his strength will skyrocket!

Chapter 651 The strength is skyrocketing! I wish Rongling eggs!

In addition, Qin Feng's gold points have reached 54 points, and his reputation has reached 133 points!

Seeing these gains, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Then, he cheered up

Before long, the points will be added!

Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed to 93.4 million stars, which has exceeded the limit of true God's combat power.

The true God's limit's combat power range is 50,000 to 80,000 stars.

Of course, individual outstanding people will go beyond this category!

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with this improvement!

However, there is still some gap between his combat power and the threshold of the main god.

The combat power of the main **** threshold is 200 million stars!

From 80,000 stars to 200 million stars, it is a huge leap, and this is also an equal barrier from the limit of the true **** to the threshold of the main god.

Because of this, it is almost impossible for the True God Limit to surpass the threshold of the Lord God.

Of course, nothing is absolute!

Some monster-level geniuses can still achieve leap-forward challenges.

And Qin Feng is an evildoer among evildoers. Only in the heaven-level realm, he dares to fight against the threshold-level powerhouse of the main god.

His current basic combat power is 93.4 million stars, if combined with the power of the way, the power of equipment, and the sacrifice power of the six messengers.

Its comprehensive combat power can reach about 110 million stars.

What's even better is that he also has 'Fa Xiang Tian Di' and 'Er Prison Suppressing Heaven'.

Faxiang Tiandi has increased by 10% in all directions, that is, about 120 million combat power.

The Second Prison Suppresses the Sky, and the attack power increases by 60%, so there is an attack power of 190 million stars.

Of course, this is just an increase in attack power!

As soon as he figured out this result, Qin Feng was shocked!

Then, he showed a happy smile!

190 million attack power!

The attack from the threshold-level powerhouse of the Lord God is almost the same!

If he were to meet an opponent like God again, even if there was no sacrifice of time, he would be able to fight on a par with him.

With the same attack power, Qin Feng can suppress his opponent.

After all, he has mastered many top-level laws, as well as the invisible power of luck.

And luck is part of strength!

Even if he only has 190 million star attack power, he is not afraid of the 200 million star attack powerhouse.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng feels that it is not impossible to obtain a third-class Star Lord!

After all, there is still a lot of harvest waiting for him!

Just like this third round of hegemony rewards!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart is hot, and he is full of expectations for the hegemony reward!

correct!

Years sacrifice!

Qin Feng's heart moved, as if he remembered something, he took out a magic pill from the storage ring.

The elixir was red all over, exuding a heart-warming elixir, with ten brilliance, and it was actually a half-god rank elixir.

Qin Feng took a breath and swallowed the medicine pill.

When the medicinal pill entered his throat, countless strange energies flowed into his limbs, even his sea of ​​consciousness, and penetrated into his soul...

At the same time, there was also a reminder of the Tao of Heaven in the sea of ​​​​knowledge.

【Successful taking Bu Shou Dan! Congratulations, you have made up for the lost 1-year lifespan, and your lifespan limit is still 3 years old. 】

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, full of joy.

Shou Yuan is back!

Then he killed God before, and there was no loss.

It turned out that the Bushou Pill was obtained from the storage ring of the old ancestor of the years.

He still has two of these Bushou Pills.

Thinking of the ancestors of the years, Qin Feng couldn't help but take out a storage ring and look at it.

This longevity supplement is too practical. He wants to see if the old ancestor of the years has other treasures!

After looking through it for a while, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his face showed surprise.

Then, he looked up at the ninth division, the old nest of the Years Clan.

"I didn't expect it! In the old nest of the Suiyue Clan, such treasures are actually treasured! This time, it's cheaper for me'!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

In the next second, his mind moved, and the Yueling clone tens of thousands of miles away directly left the Longyuan army and flew towards the old nest of the Suiyue Clan alone.

It turned out that Qin Feng learned from the storage ring of the ancestors of the years that the ancestors of the years also had a spiritual egg of the peak of the low-grade god-level-Zhu Rongling egg.

Battle pet eggs are extremely precious!

What's more, it's still the pinnacle of low-grade gods!

Qin Feng takes this very seriously!

What's more, as the Supreme Judge, he can have ten messengers, and he only has six messengers at present.

Of course, if Gonggong hatches, there will be seven.

In addition to this Zhu Rong, that's eight.

At that time, he will be able to open the four prisons, and his comprehensive strength will skyrocket!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was full of expectations for the Zhu Rongling egg.

All in all, the chores are pretty much dealt with.

He picked up the "Book of the Present World" and began to study.

This "Book of the Present World" grasps the number of human, authentic, and heavenly ways in the current world, and he still doesn't understand it.

He was not familiar with even the prediction technique in humanity, so it was time to study it.

In this way, Qin Feng sat cross-legged and began to study

At the same time, in the sixth division, somewhere above the jungle.

A team of millions is fleeing from the sixth division in a panic.

These people are the coalition forces of the eighth and tenth divisions. Among them, there are 200,000 people who are children of the Suiyue clan, and the total number has suddenly reached 1.3 million!