Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, the team is at the forefront.

The two middle-aged men looked gloomy along the way, and looked back from time to time, as if they were worried about being chased and killed.

These two are both peak demigods!

They were the Bashe Patriarch of the No. 1 Power Clan in the Eighth Division, and the Danzhu Clan Head of the No. 1 Power Clan in the Tenth Division.

"Brother Ba, I didn't expect it! The ancestors of you and me were all killed by Qin Feng's clone!"

There was hatred in the tone of the Danzhu patriarch.

If it were not too weak, he would definitely go back for revenge.

It turned out that Yueling clone killed five False Gods with one palm, and there was an announcement from Heaven.

"Hey! Don't talk about the ancestors of you and me, even Yuanchu and Taishi were killed. I didn't expect that Qin Feng, a character born as a challenger, would be so strong!"

The tone of the patriarch Ba Snake is also a little unwilling!

The Danzhu patriarch said coldly: "Humph! Don't look at Qin Feng's pride now, it's hard to say whether he can have the last laugh!"

The patriarch of Ba She was stunned: "How do you say this?"

The Danzhu patriarch sneered: "Qin Feng killed Yuanchu and Taishi, how could the reincarnation ancestor and the old ancestor of the years let him go? The strength of the two ancestors is not comparable to the middle stage of ordinary true gods."

"If they join forces to fight against the enemy, even if Qin Feng has the peak strength of the true god, it will be unlucky!"

The patriarch Ba Snake's eyes lit up: "Yes! Ba almost forgot the existence of those two! Now that Qin Feng killed Yuan Chu and Tai Shi, those two ancestors must be with him forever!"

The Danzhu patriarch smiled coldly: "This is not right! As long as they kill Qin Feng, they will also avenge the fall of your ancestors!"

The patriarch of Ba She nodded slightly: "Next, let's wait for the good news from the ancestors of Samsara and the ancestors of the years! Look at the map, the light spot representing Qin Feng has been staying at the Tiance Clan's residence."

The Danzhu patriarch sneered: "Just wait and see! Those two ancestors will definitely chase after them! Qin Feng's good days are coming to an end!"

"Exactly!"

Up to now, these two people don't know that the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation have been killed by Qin Feng!

They also thought that Qin Feng had completely offended those two ancestors by killing Yuanchu and Taishi, and their fate would be even worse.

After all, when Qin Feng killed the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation, Tiandao did not issue an announcement.

Even if Qin Feng killed God, Tiandao did not issue an announcement!

This made the two of them feel a little bit self-righteous.

"Brother Dan, should we stop and watch again!"

The Patriarch of Ba Snake suddenly proposed.

The Danzhu patriarch hesitated: "." Let's escape from the sixth division first! I don't know now whether the old ancestors of the years and the ancestors of reincarnation have arrived in the sixth division. If Qin Feng wants to chase and kill us, it will be bad! "

The patriarch of Ba She nodded slightly: "It makes sense! However, I see that Qin Feng's light has not moved, and he has no intention of chasing and killing us, and I don't know what he thinks?"

"Everyone knows that weeds need to be eradicated, but Qin Feng doesn't know that! Isn't he a little stupid?!"

It turned out that the light spot representing Qin Feng could be seen on the map, but the light spot representing Qingchengzi and Yu Xuanji could not be seen.

After all, those two people have joined Longyuan City, and they are not the leaders of one side, so there is no point of light.

As a result, the Ba Snake Clan Chief and the Dan Zhu Clan Chief did not know the movements of the Long Yuan army.

At the moment, the Danzhu patriarch sneered: "If Qin Feng was smart, he would not have attacked Yuanchu and Taishi. I think he is mostly stupid!"

As soon as these words fell, the two smiled at each other.

They all have hatred for Qin Feng and can't help but want to belittle Qin Feng!

But as soon as the two of them finished speaking, a mutation suddenly occurred!

I saw the front, the white light flashed!

Mirage clones, wood spirit clones, and ice spirit clones appeared out of thin air!

This surprised the two of the Ba Snake Patriarchs!

The millions of troops behind them were also stunned!

"This is! It turns out to be three children of the heavenly realm!"

The Danzhu patriarch saw through the realm of Qin Feng's avatar at a glance, and sneered at the corner of his mouth.

The Patriarch of Ba Snake looked at the three clones proudly.

"Three children! You guys"

huh~! huh~!

Before the words were finished, the wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone raised their hands impatiently.

Two white lights shot out and instantly bombarded the Ba Snake Patriarch and Dan Zhu Patriarch, killing them on the spot!

Even the soul body was bombarded with one blow, and it couldn't die any longer!

Before the millions of troops could react, the Mirage clone waved again!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw the white light flashing in the air, and the army of 100,000 Longyuan was summoned.

When everyone in Long Yuan saw the millions of coalition troops, their eyes immediately became excited!

For them, this is the harvest!

"Go!"

The phantom avatar waved his hand, and the army of 100,000 Longyuan hurriedly rushed towards the millions of coalition forces!

Kill it~!

Suddenly, the sound of killing in the field is shocking!

In just a split second, Long Yuan's army rushed into the coalition camp, directly killing the coalition to the uttermost!

Terrible scream!

One after another!

There is blood everywhere!

At the same moment, the Mirage Clone, Wood Spirit Clone, and Ice Spirit Clone were also killed!

As soon as they started, Qin Feng's attribute points began to skyrocket!

The blessing of ten times the reward is activated again!Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

A harvest feast has started again!

This is the battle for Long Yuan to clear the remnants, and it is also the last battle for the complete unification of Blue Star.

At the same time, far away in the Bright God Realm, on a huge planet.

Lucifer brought five super-powerhouses from the peak of the main **** to an interstellar teleportation array.

They are going to the Blue Star Realm to deal with Qin Feng

Chapter 652 Continuous evolution! Double the reward!

At this moment, Lucius looked back at the five people beside him and frowned slightly.

"Rapha, what about Gabriel? Why hasn't he arrived yet! Didn't you tell me?"

Lucifer's tone was somewhat dissatisfied.

"Lord Luxi, Gabriel is not in the Bright God Realm. He is on a mission near the White Tiger Star Realm. I just contacted him with a communication rune. He said that he would go to the Blue Star Realm alone and join us there!"

Rafi reports truthfully.

Lucius nodded slightly: "That's fine! The White Tiger Starfield is closer to the Azure Dragon Starfield, and Gabriel should arrive at the Blue Star Realm earlier than us. By the way, did he say when he can arrive?"

Raphael replied: "About fifteen days later!"

Lucifer nodded: "It's one day earlier than us! Then let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the group walked towards the Interstellar Teleportation Array.

At this time, Raphael asked again: "Lord Lucy, will it be dangerous for Gabriel to go to the Blue Star Realm alone?"

Lucifer sneered: "Gabriel's strength has reached the limit of the main god. The Blue Star Realm is a last-class planet that doesn't even have a star master. Who can threaten him?"

Raphael smiled: "So it is! By the way, who destroyed the incarnation of Lord Yeshen?"

Lucifer took a deep breath: "This is the truth we are going to find out this time! I guess it is a passing powerhouse! The strength of that person is at least above the middle stage of the Lord God, otherwise the incarnation of Lord Yeshen cannot be destroyed. "

Raphael smiled coldly: "Haha! The Lord God dares to take action against Lord Yeshen's incarnation in the mid-term, he really doesn't know whether to live or die!"

Lucifer also sneered: "Yeah! Not everyone is qualified to own the Book of the Present World! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, the group walked towards the Interstellar Teleportation Array.

Up to now, Lu Xishen and others have not doubted that 'God' was killed by Qin Feng.

They also felt that it was killed by a master **** who passed by the Blue Star Realm.

After all, Qin Feng is in the realm of heaven, so it is hard to believe that the 503 Luxi God was killed by Qin Feng.

In this way, Lucifer and his party entered the teleportation formation and began to rush to the Blue Star Realm.

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm.

Qin Feng is studying the "Book of the Present World" in the zero-degree space.

And the disciples of Long Yuan are wiping out the remnants and occupying the territory of various forces!

The development of everything is in order!

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, five hours have passed!

Five hours outside, seventy-five hours have passed in the zero-degree space, which is equivalent to three days and three nights.

That is to say, Qin Feng studied the "Book of the Present World" for three days and three nights.

Today, the time force field in zero-degree space is fifteen times that of the outside world.

At this moment, in that secret room.

Qin Feng put down the "Book of the Present World" in his hand, and his face showed joy.

After this research, he finally figured out the effect of "Book of the Present World" by 30%.

The Book of the Present World is extensive and profound, and he understood 30% of it.

Among these 30%, his main research is humanitarian application.

That divination ability is only one aspect of humane application.

Today, Qin Feng's ability to solve hexagrams has skyrocketed, and I am afraid that it is already above Qingchengzi.

This is also an amazing gain.

"It turns out that the way of prediction is actually related to the strength of the soul! If it is a matter of mortals, there is no threshold. If it is a cultivator, then there is a requirement for soul power."

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

It turned out that the higher the realm of the strong, the more difficult it was to predict his whereabouts, and the more difficult it was to foretell his fortunes and fortunes.

According to the rules of heaven, if the strength of the soul body of the person who started the hexagram is two levels lower than the predicted target, it is impossible to predict.

Today, Qin Feng's soul strength belongs to the mid-level true god.

At most, he can predict the main **** realm powerhouse.

If it is a quasi-god king and a **** king, he can't predict, or even predict the whereabouts of the other party.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

The ontology of God is the realm of God King!

Then his previous time prediction, I am afraid it is the time when his subordinates arrive.

He has not figured out when God's essence will come.

No wonder, the hexagram he obtained before, the six lines did not move, but the static hexagram.