Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Even the blood on the ground was swallowed up.

The smell of blood in the air gradually dissipated.

The surrounding atmosphere became more gloomy.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the street ahead.

His current task is to collect seven dark spar.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Reminder: Ten people in the Blue Star Realm have obtained the 'Task Guidance Scroll' (this progress is reminded every ten minutes). 】

Fuck it~!

In just a short while, three more people got scrolls!

Sure enough, among the tens of billions of Blue Star people, there are quite a few people who are Crouching Dragons and Hidden Tigers.

Qin Feng felt the pressure and hurriedly walked to the street ahead.

The more people who get the scrolls, the greater the competitive pressure and the more difficult it is to get into the top ten.

At the same time, in the chat channel, everyone also saw the same information.

"Fuck~! The number of people who got the scrolls has reached 10!"

"Oh! The situation is not good!"

"There are ten people, can Qin Feng still enter the top ten? The task he faces is twice as difficult as everyone else!"

"Upstairs, getting the scroll does not mean that the task can be completed. Only by killing the resentful demon can the task be completed. Boss Qin Feng still hopes to enter the top ten."

"Yes!"

"However, the more people there are, the greater the pressure on competition!"

"Upstairs, we don't care about that. Let's take action and provide the most powerful backup for Boss Qin Feng!"

"That's right! Everyone, act!"

There was a lot of discussion, and everyone was full of energy.

Of course, deep in their hearts, they were still full of apprehension.

According to the current situation, no one is sure that Qin Feng will be able to enter the top ten.

After a while, Qin Feng had entered the depths of the street.

At this moment, the night is like ink and the air is cold.

The street is quiet.

The broken wooden houses on both sides reveal old pieces of wood and broken stones in the foundation.

Qin Feng scanned the wood and stone.

[Wood: Tier 0 resources, which can be used for the construction of novice villages. 】

[Stone: Tier 0 resources, which can be used for the construction of novice villages. 】

These are actually Tier 0 resources!

There are thousands of dilapidated wooden houses in this village.

If you dismantle them all, you can get a lot of wood and stone.

This will be of great help to the future development of 911 Village.

Qin Feng thought while walking towards the depths of the village.

Da~! Da~! Da~!

The night is quiet!

The sound of his footsteps echoed in the empty village.

Appears extra loud.

Before he knew it, he walked to the very center of the street.

That's when a mutation arose.

A wisp of black mist rose from the ground.

Qin Feng's heart tightened and he quickly held his breath.

After a while, black fog filled the entire street.

As soon as those black mists touched Qin Feng's skin, they turned into thousands of invisible filaments, quickly penetrated into his body, and formed a strange cold energy...

Dark erosion!

Familiar with the scene, Qin Feng smiled slightly.

He has mastered the dark talent, and is the true meaning of the C-level darkness.

Dark erosion could not harm him in the slightest.

On the contrary, the icy energy made him feel refreshed, as if immersed in a clear spring.

If it were someone else, their strength would have plummeted under the erosion of darkness.

This should be the first test of this task!

Unfortunately, it is invalid for Qin Feng!

In just a moment, the entire village was shrouded in thick black fog, and visibility was greatly reduced.

Qin Feng found that he could only see things within ten meters.

Da~! Da~! Da~!

At this moment, the sound of footsteps came from the depths of the thick fog ahead.

Qin Feng couldn't help clenching the handle of the knife and looked intently, but his heart was full of expectations.

No matter what monster comes, as long as he kills it, he will definitely be able to rise to level 11.

After a while, a tall human-shaped shadow appeared in the depths of the black fog, walking slowly...

Da~! Da~! Da~!

The people in front are getting closer.

Footsteps echoed in the empty streets.

Qin Feng's hand holding the handle of the knife tightened.

Thirty meters...twenty meters....fifteen meters...

The figure is getting closer.

The atmosphere is also getting tense.

Da~! Da~! Da~!

Thirteen meters...Eleven meters....Ten meters...

The figure finally walked within ten meters.

Qin Feng also saw his appearance clearly.

It was a big fat man in broken iron armor, with a rusty machete on his shoulders, his body exuded a monstrous corpse aura, and a strong smell of blood.

This is…?

Qin Feng scanned away.

[Evil Object]: Resentful Spirit Messenger (King Level)

[Level]: Level 13Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

[Combat evaluation]: 43 stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: The former "novice king"; after his death, he was transformed by the evil demon with the power of darkness, and his combat power was greatly enhanced.

what!

Qin Feng was slightly surprised.

It turned out that this big fat man was also a novice king.

To get the title of "Novice King", you need more than 30 prestige points, and you are definitely the strongest among the newbies.

This guy should have been level 13 before he died.

After his death, he was transformed by the evil demon, and his combat power skyrocketed, reaching 43 stars.

Qin Feng doesn't care about such combat power.

His current combat power is 51 stars.

The only thing he is afraid of is the resentful demon who controls this resentful messenger.

If I accidentally die here, I am afraid that I will also be transformed into a resentful messenger by the resentful demon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

At this moment, the big fat man slowly raised his head, revealing a pair of green eyes.

He looked at Qin Feng coldly, and the corners of his mouth curled slightly, revealing a contemptuous sneer.

Ha ha!

A novice king who is only level 10, not as good as before his death.

He was a level 13 novice king before his death.

Now, under the transformation of the Resentful Demon, his combat power has been enhanced by 15 stars, which is much stronger than before his death.

Therefore, he can easily kill the human beings in front of him.

He will present the human body to his master.

Let this human being, like himself, become a resentful spirit messenger, or the lowest level resentful spirit messenger.

The fat man grinned.

In the next second, he flashed his figure and came towards Qin Feng.

0

Boom~Long~Long~!

That fat body brought a gust of wind, stirring the black mist around him.

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Qin Feng.

Swish~!

Fatty slashed at Qin Feng's face.

That knife actually inspired a zhang Xuchang knife!

what!

Knife gas!

This fat man has knife energy!

Then he must have mastered the C-level talent - the true meaning of power.

Qin Feng was surprised.

At this moment, Fatty is a moving treasure house in his eyes.

It was at this moment that the knife fell.

huh~!

Qin Feng's footsteps made a mistake, and his figure slanted slightly.