Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

For those who are quiet, the good and the bad are unknown, and the calamity is unknown!

This shows that there are things he can't predict, so he can't give good or bad.

no!

He had to quickly find a way to raise the strength of his soul body to the main **** realm.

As long as he reaches the main **** realm, he can predict the whereabouts of the **** king.

Without being able to account for the whereabouts of the powerful king of the gods, Qin Feng naturally finds it difficult to feel at ease.

He was also not at ease, and when the situation was unknown, he went to participate in the Star Master assessment.

At this time, Qin Feng was thinking about how to increase the strength of his soul body.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Your Moon Spirit clone is successfully integrated with the title deed card of the 'Suiyue Clan'! The number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 399]

Good news again!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing joy.

During this period of time, both he and the disciples of Long Yuan have achieved great results.

First of all, Long Yuan has wiped out the army of 1.3 million evildoers, and all the children have gained a great deal.

Qin Feng also gained a lot of attribute points and points.

Secondly, the fission variants have refined all the artifacts that have been harvested recently.

Even the Heavenly Surveying Divine Sword from the early Yuan Dynasty and the Taishi Heavenly Surveying Divine Blade have been refined one after another.

Now, his fission body is integrating the divine wings, the divine sword, and the divine blade.

If this fusion is completed, it will be a great harvest!

In addition, those fission bodies of Qin Feng have already refined the eight drops of lower-level divine blood.

This made Qin Feng's bloodline power soar, and his basic combat power soared to 950,000 stars, and his strength increased a lot!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

In the end, Long Yuan had already collected all the sites in the sixth, seventh, and eighth divisions.

Eight mysterious forces in the sixth division provide 8 sites.

Challenge the force of Bright Town, providing 17 sites.

So accumulated, is 25 sites.

In the seventh competition area, there is only one Suppressing Heaven force from the Samsara clan.

A Suppressing Heaven force can have ten sites, which is the ten mysterious forces that it unified before.

In this way, the Samsara clan has provided 10 more sites.

The eighth division is ten mysterious forces, and also provides 10 sites.

Now, the Moon Spirit clone has also integrated the land deed cards of the Suiyue Clan (the ninth division), giving Longyuan City another 10 sites.

As a result, the total number of sites in Longyuan City has reached 399!

399 seats!

Only 1 away from 4!

He will be able to unlock the 200,000-star combat power feedback right away!

At that time, his strength will skyrocket again!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a burst of heat in his heart.

At present, what he needs most is to improve his strength!

Whether it is to obtain a third-class star, or to fight against the powerful gods, you need to have enough strength.

What's more, with the improvement of combat power, the strength of the soul body will also increase.

This will also help him predict the whereabouts of the God King.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up in the direction of the tenth division.

Mirage clones, wood spirit clones, and ice spirit clones are flying to the tenth division.

The tenth division has the last ten sites.

After collecting those sites, Qin Feng will not only break through 4 sites, but also the third round of hegemony will end ahead of schedule.

"Hey! That's true!"

At this moment, Qin Feng seemed to sense something and turned to look at the ninth division.

Then, he turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in a hall.

The Moon Spirit clone is also in the hall.

It turned out that this palace was a forbidden place for the Suiyue Clan.

As soon as he entered the hall, Qin Feng looked at the blood pool in front of him.

I saw that in the blood pool, there was a spiritual egg soaked in a person tall, the whole body was fiery red, emitting a faint red light.

[Zhu Rong Ling Egg: Slightly damaged, the peak of the lower-level divine grade, the fire attribute, can be evolved, and cannot be recognized as the master due to damage. 】

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, it can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and it is loyal to the owner. 】

Qin Feng smiles!

Finally found the spirit egg he wanted.

Only slightly damaged!

It is precisely because of this that Zhu Rongling Egg has been unable to recognize the master.

This is also cheaper Qin Feng!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng stepped out one step and came to Ling Egg out of thin air, hanging above the blood pool.

Afterwards, he checked carefully and found that there was a crack on the left side of the spirit egg.

At this time, the crack was slowly absorbing the surrounding blood and repairing the crack.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned!

It turned out that this Blood Pond Altar was used to repair the 'Zhu Rong Spirit Egg'.

In other words, high-quality blood essence should be able to speed up the repair of spirit eggs.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and dripped it into the spirit egg!

pop~!

A drop of divine blood emitting golden light fell on the spiritual egg.

Silk~! Silk~! Silk~!

In the next second, the spirit egg drained the blood essence at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the crack of the spirit egg healed at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Om~!

In just a moment, the spirit egg was completely repaired, and the joyful earthquake sounded!

Qin Feng clearly sensed that the little guy inside woke up and was expressing his gratitude to him!

Qin Feng showed a relieved smile and continued to drip blood into the egg.

pat~! pat~! pat~!

Qin Feng dropped three drops of blood in a row!

Om~!

The spirit egg released a dazzling red light, illuminating the entire hall!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, a new innate divine pattern appeared on the red spirit egg shell!

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Zhu Rongling Egg (the pinnacle of low-grade gods) has taken the initiative to recognize you as the master! 】

[Your pet, Zhu Rongling, has successfully absorbed high-quality blood and has automatically evolved into a mid-level **** rank]

[Your pet, Zhu Rongling, has successfully absorbed high-quality blood essence, and has automatically evolved to the peak of the mid-grade **** order]

Qin Feng showed a relieved smile again.

Got another spiritual egg at the peak of the mid-grade **** rank!

This Zhurong Spirit Egg and Gonggong Spirit Egg are of the same grade.

If these two little guys hatch together, he will have two more messengers.

At that time, he can directly open the Four Prison Suppression!

If he had the Four Prisons Suppressing Heaven in his hands, he would dare to fight against the Lord God in the early stage!

Qin Feng was very satisfied, and as soon as he waved his hand, he put Zhu Rongling egg into the zero-dimensional space.

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Heaven.

[Your mirage avatar has successfully merged with the Danzhu tribe's land deed card! The number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 4]

[Reminder: It is detected that the blue camp has been completely destroyed, and there are still 9 green camp sites left]

[Reminder: If all the sites of the blue and green camps are destroyed, the red camp will win early in this round of hegemony]

[Reminder: If you win within 24 hours, you will get the highest winning rating, and the competition reward will be doubled! 】

[Reminder: The game is currently 24 hours away, 27 minutes away! 】

Boom~!

Double the reward!

Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were full of surprises!

Chapter Five Hundred and Sixty-Three Emperor Jiang Escape! Rewards in hand!

At this moment, not only Qin Feng was surprised!

Long Yuan was cheering from top to bottom!

The reward is doubled!

This is unheard of!

No one thought that the third round of hegemony would be such a good thing!

Obviously, this is the hidden-reward of Heaven's Way!

Long Yuan's performance was so good that he accidentally triggered it!

Right now, with 27 minutes to go, the game is 24 hours away.

Get double rewards, and there is still a chance!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng and Yueling's avatars flashed at the same time and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, in the tenth competition area, the Danzhu tribe was stationed in the sky.

The Mirage clone is full of surprises.

As soon as he merged the Danzhu Clan's land deed card, he heard a reminder from Heavenly Dao.

huh~! huh~!

It was at this moment that white light flashed in front of him.

Qin Feng and Yueling's clones appeared out of thin air.