Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

It turned out that Qin Feng and Yueling clones were summoned through space and teleported directly to the tenth division.

In the next second, the Moon Spirit clone and the Phantom Mirage clone each rushed towards a mysterious force's nest.

Now, Long Yuan has only 27 minutes left to get double rewards. They must race against time to accommodate the remaining 9 forces.

And Qin Feng and the clone are different bodies and concentric, and they don't need to communicate at all.

Seeing the two avatars leave, Qin Feng began to think about it.

The wood spirit clone and the ice spirit clone are rushing to the other two old nests, and they will be there soon, and they will definitely be processed within 27 minutes.

The two old nests that the Mirage clone and the Moon Spirit clone went to can also arrive within 27 minutes.

As a result, there are still five old nests left, and five people are required to rush to them at the same time.

You must not go to one old nest alone, and then continue to go to the second old nest,

That way, 27 minutes won't be enough.

Looks like he needs help.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him!

Di Jiang, Jumang, and Yu Xuanji were summoned by him.

"dad!"

"Owner!"

The three of them were very excited to see Qin Feng!

"Master, I just heard Tiandao's reminder that after collecting the blue-green camp site within 24 hours, we will get double rewards!"

Yu Xuanji said excitedly.

The third round of hegemony rewards is already very generous!

If it doubled, it would be even more unimaginable.

How could she not be excited!

Qin Feng said eagerly: "I'm looking for you just for this! Time is running out now. Take this land deed card and go to the Serpents to accept the land!"

As he spoke, Qin Feng handed over a land deed card.

"Oh~!"

Yu Xuanji quickly took the title deed card.

Then, she hesitated again: "Master, I don't have the authority to integrate the title deed card!"

"You can hurry! I will arrange it!"

"My concubine understands!"

Yu Xuanji no longer hesitated, turned around and hurried in the direction of the Snakes.

"Little sentence! You take this land deed card and go to the Wind Clan!"

"Okay! Dad!"

Jumang took the title deed card and hurried towards the meanders.

"Dad! Daddy! What about me?"

Di Jiang raised his little face and said in a milky voice.

He is still two or three years old now, but his level has risen to level 57, and his combat power has reached 60,000 stars, which is extremely powerful!

Having said that, after destroying the remnants of the 1.3 million people, Long Yuan's strength skyrocketed.

Now the weakest Tiance clan's children have reached 100,000 stars in combat power.

Those with a combat power of over 200,000 stars have also skyrocketed to a thousand or so.

Jumang's combat power also reached 5.4 million stars, and Yu Xuanji reached 4.7 million stars.

In short, Di Jiang, Jumang, and Yu Xuanji are the three most powerful among Qin Feng's six messengers.

"Little guy, you go to the Lei people station!"

Qin Feng handed over a title deed card.

"Okay! Dad!"

Di Jiang took the title deed card with a milky voice.

huh~!

In the next second, he turned into a beam of light and rushed towards the Lei clan.

At that moment, Qin Feng was stunned!

Oh my God!

This little guy's combat power is only 60,000 stars, but his speed is comparable to the middle stage of True God.

You must know that the mid-term combat power range is 20,000 to 30,000 stars!

This little guy is too fast!

Qin Feng thought about it for a while, and then he understood!

Di Jiang has mastered the SS-level space-time talent and the S-level escape talent.

These two talents complement each other, which makes the little guy extremely fast!

Qin Feng was quite pleased when he figured it out.

The faster the little guy is, the more helpful it will be to Longyuan's storage site!

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't dare to waste time, and hurriedly took out two 'Noble God Cards' and started to activate

[Longyuan Announcement: City Lord Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Jue' on Yu Xuanji]

【The award is complete! Congratulations to the city lord Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

[Longyuan Announcement: The city lord Qin Feng is conferring the title of 'Human Jue' on Dijiang]

【The award is complete! Congratulations to the city lord Qin Feng, get +20 reputation! 】

Whoo~!

The knighthood is complete!

So far, both Yu Xuanji and Di Jiang have the authority to integrate land deed cards!

The number of lords in Longyuan City has also reached 17.

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he looked up in the direction of Ji and Si people.

The two clans are the farthest, so he will handle them.

With this in mind, Qin Feng was divided into two parts, forming the very positive body and the very negative body.

In the next second, the extreme yang body rushes towards the Ji clan, and the extreme yin body rushes towards the Si clan.

Of course, Qin Feng also thought about using fission variants to deal with this matter.

The fissionable variant does not belong to a complete individual, and he does not have the integration authority of the land deed card, so he had to ask the three of Dijiang to help.

In this way, Qin Feng is all arranged!

A race against time begins!

At the same moment, the Long Yuan chat channel was completely fried!

"Haha! Brother, double the reward! I really didn't expect that this point competition can actually double the reward!"

"Yeah! I've lived for so many years, and this is the first time I've heard of this!"

"Haha! This is really our Longyuan City, and we have performed so well that we triggered such an opportunity!"

"That's the truth! It's the first time in our Blue Star Realm that we can win the third round of the competition within 24 hours!"

At this moment, everyone is excited and emotional!

Especially the elders of the Tiance Clan.

They are also very knowledgeable.

But this is the first time they have seen such a special situation.

It was at this moment that Granny Yusang's head jumped.

Granny Yusang: "Everyone, according to Tiandao's prompt information, the master's mirage has just merged with the Danzhu clan's land deed card, and there are still nine clan nests to deal with. But there are only 25 minutes left, is this too late?"

This reminder made everyone nervous.

"Yeah! There are only 25 minutes left! This time is too short!"

"I see on the map that the nine clans are very far apart. Can we still have time? Besides, there are remnants of the nine clan nests. They will definitely hinder us from taking over the territory!"Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Upstairs, don't worry! You didn't see the light spot on behalf of the boss, you are already in the tenth division! As long as the boss makes a move, the problem is not big."

"Yes! This matter can only depend on the master!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone in Long Yuan watched the map nervously.

I saw that on the map, the red light spot representing Qin Feng had been divided into two parts, and they were rushing towards the Ji clan and the Si clan at a very fast speed.

In this way, Long Yuan nervously waited for the result.

Time passed by every second!

The hints of Heavenly Dao also came one after another.

[Longyuan Announcement: Wood Spirit clones successfully merged with the land deed card of the 'Yu Clan'! The number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 401]

[Longyuan Announcement: The Ice Spirit clone successfully merged with the 'Gambling' land deed card! The number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 402]

In the blink of an eye, twenty-three minutes passed!

24 hours left, only the last two minutes left!

Nine of the ten sites in the tenth division have been accommodated, and only the last one is left, and that is the Lei clan!

At this moment, in the residence of the Lei people.

Di Jiang stood on the resident square.

Around him, there were thousands of corpses lying in a row.

Those were the remnants of the Lei clan killed by him!

At this time, Di Jiang looked at the title deed card in his hand, and was at a loss.

It turned out that he was too young and lacked awareness of many things, so he didn't know how to integrate the land deed card.

This makes the little guy anxious!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed in front of him, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

"dad!"

As soon as Di Jiang saw Qin Feng, he was overjoyed.

"Dad, how do you use this card?"

The little guy raised the title deed card in his hand and asked in a milky voice.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was angry and funny.

In fact, the little guy arrived at the Lei Clan ten minutes ago and wiped out the remaining forces.

Then, the little guy has been in a daze in the square.

He didn't know how to use the title deed card and wasted ten minutes in vain.

However, Qin Feng didn't blame the little guy.

This little guy is too young to understand that it is normal!

However, the little guy also helped him a lot.