Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Just because the little guy arrived at the Lei clan, Qin Fengcai had a thought and teleported over.

"Bring it!"

Qin Feng fondly touched Dijiang's little head.

"Oh!"

Di Jiang obediently handed over the title deed card.

"Look! This kind of **** card needs to be activated with blood essence before it can be merged."

Qin Feng broke the blood on his finger and dripped it directly to the land deed card

Om~!

The next second, the title deed card was activated, turned into a ball of light, and merged into his body.

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Longyuan Announcement: The city lord Qin Feng successfully integrated the land deed card of the 'Lei'! The number of Longyuan City sites has increased to 409]

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The blue and green camps have all been wiped out! Congratulations to the red team for winning this round of hegemony! 】

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The red team wins within 24 hours and gets the highest winning rating, and the rewards for this round of hegemony are doubled! 】

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: After ten minutes, the rewards for this round will be issued! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan cheered up and down!

The entire Blue Star Realm was even more shocked!

There are not only mysterious forces in the Blue Star Realm, but also tens of thousands of defeated guardian forces, as well as a large number of remaining challenge forces.

The third round of points hegemony is beyond the reach of those forces!

They are not even qualified to participate!

However, at the beginning of the competition, those forces were basically not optimistic about Longyuan City!

But they did not expect that Longyuan City would destroy the blue-green faction so quickly, and won double the reward, setting a new record in the Blue Star Realm!

This surprised all the forces!

Especially those guardian forces that have existed for thousands of years are extremely shocked! Nine.

Chapter 654 Strength soars! Supreme opportunity!

At this moment, the Lei resident square.

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

He finally completed the task in time!

Double rewards are here!

"Dad! We got double the reward!"

Dijiang on the side is also happy.

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

【It is detected that the number of your site has reached 4】

[Your breaking 200,000-star combat power feeds back and unlocks it successfully! Start feeding back now]

Boom~Long~Long~!

The sky shakes!

The next second, one after another, incomparably dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body

[Reminder: Your servant Liu Xuan's combat power has exceeded 200,000 stars, and you have received a 1-star combat power back-feeding]Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan has a combat power of 200,000 stars, and you have obtained a 1-star combat power

Suddenly, Qin Feng's whole body was shrouded in the white light that fed back, like a white light man!

His momentum has skyrocketed all the way!

Di Jiang was stunned!

After a while, the white light dissipated, revealing Qin Feng's figure!

He slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Just now, he received a thousand backfeeds, increasing his combat power by about 10,000 stars.

In this way, his basic combat power also reached 960,000 stars.

However, he is the son of destiny, and the upper limit of feeding back is 4,000 people.

This time, only a thousand people came.

It is because the battle strength of Longyuan City has broken through 200,000 stars, and there are only 1,000 people.

If the combat power exceeds 200,000 stars, it means that the combat power breaks through the demigod realm!

Longyuan City can have more than 1,000 demigod powerhouses, which is extremely terrifying!

In the past, the total number of demigods in the entire Blue Star Realm was less than 500.

But now, there are a thousand people in Guanglongyuan City alone.

Before you know it, Longyuan City has become extremely powerful!

Qin Feng's wish to make Long Yuan be like a dragon has been further realized.

"It's still 3,000 people away!"

Qin Feng murmured, a little unfinished.

"Dad, what three thousand people?"

Di Jiang asked in a milky voice.

The white and tender little face was full of curiosity.

The little guy was just born and felt new to everything in the outside world.

Qin Feng touched his little head and said with a smile, "That's my father's back-feeding privilege. As the city owner of Longyuan, as long as Longyuan develops to a certain level, I can get some back-feeding of combat power."

"At present, the upper limit of my feedback is 4,000 people. I only got 1,000 people just now, so there is still 3,000 people."

Di Jiang nodded, seemingly understanding but not understanding: "Oh!"

Afterwards, he raised his face again and asked, "Dad, there are still 3,000 trips left, so what should we do?"

Qin Feng took a deep breath!

Three thousand people!

One person-time can feed back 1-star combat power.

Three thousand people is 30,000 star combat power.

This is not a small amount!

"Next, let's see what rewards will be in this round of competition. If the rewards are rich, more people in our Longyuan will reach the 200,000-star combat power."

"By then, I should be able to get enough feedback! Of course, it depends on the level of reward this time."

Di Jiang nodded obediently: "Oh! I understand! Dad, let me talk to everyone, so that they must work hard to improve their combat power, so that they can give back to Dad's combat power!"

As soon as the voice fell, the little guy entered the chat channel.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng smiled.

This little guy was so young, he started to worry about his father.

Having said that, he is very much looking forward to this reward!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Longyuan Announcement: It has been detected that the number of Longyuan City sites has reached more than 4, and the population has reached more than 100,000. It has reached the **** conditions for promotion to level 12. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan rejoiced again!

Qin Feng's eyes also lit up, showing surprise.

If Long Yuan rises to a level 12 city again, Long Yuan's strength will skyrocket again, and his strength will also be greatly improved.

At this time, Tiandao came to remind again

[Reminder: Longyuan City is promoted to level 12 city, and the realm of the city owner needs to reach the demigod realm or above. 】

[Reminder: Qin Feng, the city owner, is currently in the heaven-level realm, and Longyuan City cannot be upgraded for the time being! 】

what!

There are even realm requirements!

Qin Feng could not help frowning slightly.

Now that he is level 70, he is not only qualified to participate in the lower-level Shenwu assessment, but also qualified to participate in the upper-level Shenwu realm assessment.

The Shenwu assessment is the assessment of the Half-God Realm and the False God Realm.

Could it be that he has to complete the Shenwu assessment first?

But he had previously obtained an order of chance to survey the sky, which required a heaven-level realm to complete it.

At the same time, that token must enter the second floor of the Holy Land to activate!

correct!

His title has been promoted to 'Supreme Sky Surveyor'!

That chance order was also promoted to the Supreme Xuantian chance order.

He's been too busy during this time, and hasn't had time to check the changes in the chance order. It's time to take a look.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out a purple-gold token from the storage ring.

[Supreme Sky Survey Chance Order: Enter the second floor of the Holy Land, activate this order, and you can get a Supreme Sky Survey Chance. 】

[Task reminder: Only the demigod realm or above can activate this order! Below the demigod realm, it cannot be activated. 】

what!

Token activation requirements have changed!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

This is definitely a good thing for him!

He has long been able to break through to the demigod realm, but he is just reluctant to give up this opportunity of surveying the sky, so that his realm is stuck in the realm of heaven.

Now that Sky Survey Chance has advanced and become a more advanced Supreme Sky Survey Chance, there is no need to get stuck in the Heaven-level realm.

Then he can directly complete the Shenwu assessment and break through to the False God realm in one fell swoop.

In this way, his strength is bound to be greatly improved.

This will be very beneficial for him to enter the second floor of the Holy Land!

Because the players who can enter the second floor of the Holy Land are basically the great powers above the False God realm, and there are many of them in the True God realm and the main God realm.

And the stronger the person, the more opportunities they will get in the Holy Land!

Qin Feng naturally hopes that after his strength becomes stronger, he will go to the second floor of the Holy Land.

Thinking of this, he had a plan in his mind.

He decided to take part in the Shenwu assessment after obtaining this reward.

At the moment, Qin Feng put away the chance order happily.