Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The advancement of this chance order is really good.

It will neither delay him to upgrade Longyuan City nor delay his acquisition of chance tasks.

correct!

He should also inform everyone about something.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng entered the chat channel.

As soon as he entered the channel, he saw that everyone was chatting very hotly, and the scene was very lively.

"Haha! Everyone, we got a double reward this time!"

"Yeah! It's so exciting! I don't know what the reward content will be this time?"

"The reward for this third round of hegemony is much richer than the second round! What's even better is that we get double the reward!"

"Upstairs, what you said made my blood boil! Little sister can't wait to give out rewards sooner!"

"Speaking of which, I have to thank the boss for all this! If it wasn't for the speed of the boss, and within the last two minutes, we would have missed the opportunity!"

"That's right! Di Jiang mentioned just now that the master has broken through the 200,000-star combat power back-feeding, and only got 1,000 people, and he still lacks 3 people!"

"Yeah! It's all because our strength is too weak to help the boss to feed back to the upper limit!"

"Actually, we don't have to worry about it. When Tiandao issues the reward, there will definitely be many people in Longyuan City who can break through 200,000 stars, and the boss will be able to get more feedback."

"That's right! I hope that this time the reward will be rich enough to allow us to have more powerhouses at the demigod level in Longyuan!"

"Yeah! I really hope the rewards will be distributed sooner, I can't wait!"

At this moment, everyone is anxiously waiting!

Everyone wanted to break through the 200,000-star combat power as soon as possible, so as to feed Qin Feng back the combat power, and they didn't want to drag Qin Feng back.

At this moment, Qin Feng's avatar jumped.

Qin Feng: "Everyone, after Tiandao distributes the rewards, the Points Mall will be opened. In this Points Mall, remember to exchange energy pills!"

"Hey! It's the city owner!"

"It's the boss who appeared!"

"Owner!"

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, he immediately aroused cheers.

In the chat channel, the frying pan was instantly fried!

After a while, the excitement subsided.

At this moment, Feng Xi's head jumped.

Feng Xi: "Master, you just asked everyone to buy energy pills, did you have any plans?"

Xiao Luan'er: "Yes! Dad, do you want everyone to improve their level quickly?"

Qin Feng: "That's right! After Tiandao sends out the rewards, this round of competition will be over. Next, we will have a free period. During this time, everyone should seize the time to digest the resources of Tiandao rewards and improve their strength. "

Qin Feng: "After digesting those resources, all of us in Long Yuan will go to participate in the Shenwu assessment and raise the realm to the demigod realm."

Qin Feng: "In this way, the overall strength of our Long Yuan will definitely be improved several times. This will be of great help for us to deal with the attack of the powerful enemy in the fifteenth day!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone agreed.

"Yes! In fifteen days, the body of God will come. We really need to improve our strength, and we can't hold back the boss!"

"That's right! With our current strength, we can basically pass 1.4 in the Shenwu assessment."

"Of course! As long as the combat power exceeds 120,000 stars, you are eligible to participate in the inferior divine martial arts assessment. Now, more than 80% of our Longyuan children have broken the combat power of 120,000."

"Haha! This is only for now! Waiting for Tiandao to issue rewards, it is estimated that everyone's combat power can exceed 120,000 stars."

"Yes! At that time, everyone will be able to participate in the lower-level Shenwu assessment. It's amazing, and they can also participate in the upper-level Shenwu assessment!"

"No wonder the boss asked us to buy energy pills. Most of us have not reached level 60 and are not qualified to participate in the Shenwu assessment. The boss asked us to buy energy pills because he wanted us to upgrade to level 60 earlier so that we could qualify for the Shenwu assessment. !"

As soon as these words fell, everyone suddenly realized.

The atmosphere in the field is even more cheerful!

Everyone is looking forward to the Shenwu assessment.

Breaking through to the demigod realm increases not only strength, but also longevity.

Who doesn't want to live forever?

Who doesn't want to live the same life with heaven and earth?

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled and left the chat channel.

All he had to say.

Next, just wait for Tiandao to issue rewards.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the moment Qin Feng exited, the sky suddenly shook.

He immediately raised his head excitedly and looked up at the sky.

He knew that Tiandao was going to give out rewards! .

Chapter 655 Doubled again and again! Absolute overlord!

"Dad! Tiandao is going to give out rewards?"

At this moment, Di Jiang also looked at the sky excitedly.

The little guy is also looking forward to the next reward.

Qin Feng smiled and said, "Well! It should be distributed!"

At the same moment, the sky above the floating city.

The Mirage clone, Moon Spirit clone, Wood Spirit clone, and Ice Spirit clone all looked up at the sky.

Beside them, there are also high-level officials such as Jumang, Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi.

On the square below, there are 100,000 Longyuan disciples gathered.

It turned out that Qin Feng's clone had already summoned all Long Yuan's children to the headquarters floating city.

At this moment, all the children looked up at the sky with excitement.

From time to time there were excited discussions in the crowd.

"Everyone, the sky is shaking! It seems that Tiandao is going to release rewards!"

"Yeah! I hope this time the reward won't let us down!"

Boom~! Long~! Long~!

As soon as the voice fell, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded over the entire Blue Star Realm.

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The third round of points competition is over, congratulations to the red team Longyuan City for winning! 】

[Congratulations to Longyuan City Lord 'Qin Feng' for obtaining the qualification of this year's 'Star Lord Candidate' (the only one)! 】

[In view of this round of hegemony, there have been three powers to suppress the sky, the difficulty of the hegemony has increased, and the reward of this round has been increased by 20%]

[In view of this round of hegemony, the victorious faction was born from the challenging forces, and the rewards of this round have been raised again by 30%] 18

[In view of this round of hegemony, there is a heaven defying (God) spoiler, the difficulty of the hegemony has greatly increased, and the reward of this round has been increased by 50% again]

[Reminder: This round of rewards has been increased by 1% in total]

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan was amazed!

They did not expect that the reward was increased by 1%.

At the same time, the guardian forces who were watching in secret were all envious.

According to the past, in the third round of hegemony, there will only be two Heavenly Suppression Forces, and rarely three Heavenly Suppression Forces will appear.

Even if there are three Suppressing Heaven forces, the reward will increase by 20%.

How is it like this time, it has been raised by 1%!

It was also the first time that they knew that for the faction that challenged the faction, the reward would be increased by an additional 30%.

For the first time, they knew that in this competition for hegemony, there was a heaven defying person to disrupt the situation.

In short, the reward of Longyuan City this time has been increased by 1%, and it will be a bumper harvest!

Thinking of this, countless forces are envious!

Long Yuan is naturally very happy!

For them, this is an unexpected surprise!

Boom~Long~Long~!

The sky is shaking, and there is a reminder from heaven

[The current round of rewards will be distributed now]

The rewards are finally being given out!

The disciples of Long Yuan held their breaths and looked up nervously.

In the Blue Star Realm, the guardian forces in every corner are also listening silently.

Soon, the voice of Tiandao continued to sound!

[Reward Longyuan's children! 50,000-star combat power! 】

[Reward Longyuan's children! Nine Turns Divine Blood Pill (Demi-God Rank) 2 pieces! 】

[Reward Longyuan's children! Nine-turn Void Soul Pill (Demi-God Rank) 2 pieces! 】

[Reward Longyuan's children! Nine-turn hegemony pill (demi-god rank) 2 pieces! 】

Boom~!

The news is out!

Earth-shattering cheers erupted from Long Yuan up and down!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Haha! The 50,000-star combat power reward! This is much richer than the previous round of rewards!"

"Of course! The last round was a 27,000-star combat power reward!"

"Yeah! This way! My combat power will be able to break through 200,000 stars immediately! I will be able to feed back the combat power to the boss right away!"

"Haha! This time, we not only have combat power rewards, but also 6 demigod-level pills! Demigod-level pills! I never dared to think about it before!"

"Yeah! Refining those elixir of this god-level can greatly improve our strength!"

"Cool~! This time is too cool!"

At this moment, the disciples of Long Yuan were all excited!

At the same moment, the guardian forces hidden in every corner of the Blue Star Realm were already drooling with envy!

In particular, some veteran guardian forces are even more shocking!

They know a little bit about the content of the third round of rewards.

This time, the reward that Longyuan City received was indeed much richer than the rumored third round of rewards!

At this thought, those forces sighed in admiration!

But at this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[It is detected that Longyuan City wins within 24 hours, and the highest winning rating is obtained, and the reward is doubled! 】

[The rewards for the disciples of Longyuan are updated as follows]

[Reward Longyuan's children! 100,000-star combat power! 】

[Reward Longyuan's children! 4 pieces of Jiuzhuan Shenxue Dan (Demi-God Rank)! 】

[Reward Longyuan's children! 4 Rank Nine Void Soul Pills (Demi-God Rank)! 】