Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In just a moment, Qin Feng's whole body was enveloped by those white lights!

His combat power has skyrocketed all the way!

After a while, the white light dissipated!

Qin Feng opened his eyes again, his face full of joy.

The wave of backfeeding just now allowed him to increase his combat power by 30,000 stars.

As a result, his basic combat power reached 1.7 billion stars.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the sky shook, and two white beams of light descended.

One fell in front of Dijiang, 20 nine-turn divine blood pills, 20 nine-turn virtual soul pills, and 20 nine-turn hegemony pills, slowly falling along the beam of light!

Another one fell in front of Qin Feng, 12 God King Blood Pills, 12 God King Soul Pills, and 12 God King Body Pills, slowly falling along the beam of light!

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked at the 36 Divine Pills falling slowly, his eyes full of surprises.

36 pills of low-grade gods!

The value is extremely precious!

In the past, it was very difficult for him to get a low-grade god-level medicinal pill.

Now, he got 36 in one fell swoop!

Even better, among the 36 pills, 12 are God King Soul Pills, which are of great help in improving the strength of the soul body.

The most urgent thing for him now is to raise the strength of his soul body to the level of the main **** realm.

Otherwise, even if he has the book of the world, he can't calculate the whereabouts of the powerful **** king, or even the whereabouts of the quasi **** king.

This is a huge disadvantage to him!

After all, Longyuan City also hides a huge hidden danger, that is, God's body will come for revenge.

That is a god-king-level existence!

At this thought, Qin Feng couldn't help frowning.

He didn't know that the people who wanted to trouble him this time were not only Yeshen in the realm of gods, but also God Lucy in the realm of quasi-gods.

The quasi-god king can easily kill the limit of the main god!

Not to mention the God King Realm!

The limit of the main **** is in front of the king of the gods, and it is vulnerable to a single blow, and it is not a grade at all!

And Qin Feng's current strength is barely competing with the threshold of the Lord God, and even the Lord God can't deal with it in the early stage.

As for the middle stage of facing the main god, it was difficult for him to even escape.

For these gaps, Qin Feng is still unclear.

After all, the Blue Star Realm is too weak, and no one has ever seen a powerhouse above the Lord God, and they have no idea how strong they are.

Of course, Qin Feng's improvement potential is huge!

His opportunities are unfolding wave after wave, and his strength will inevitably explode!Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In just a moment, the thirty-six divine pills arrived in front of Qin Feng.

He put it away with satisfaction!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, the third beam of light fell in front of him!

Four Holy Land Access Orders and a Star Lord Challenge Order, slowly falling along the beam of light

Qin Feng looked up and his eyes were hot.

Holy Land Pass!

That is a great opportunity to enter the second floor of the Holy Land!

With the four in front of him, he has seven in total.

You must know that the second-level chance of the Holy Land, in the past, only Star Master candidates were eligible to enter.

This time, with seven pieces in his hand, he can bring in all his messengers.

With this in mind, he turned his gaze on the Star Lord's challenge order, and his eyes became even hotter.

Star Lord Challenge Order!

That was the admission certificate for him to obtain the Star Master assessment!

Again, that's a great opportunity!

If he can obtain the third-class Star Lord, he can control the Blue Star and roam the universe.

Of course, it would be even better if he could get a second-class Star-Lord, or even a first-class Star-Lord.

If he can obtain the first-class star lord, he can obtain a very high status in the entire Azure Dragon Star Region.

In the same way, he didn't have to flee with Blue Star, and directly waited for the King of God to attack, repel him, and even have the hope of killing him.

However, the third-class Star-Lord is too difficult, let alone the first-class Star-Lord?

In just a moment, the five tokens arrived in front of you!

Qin Feng happily took the token

Just when Qin Feng was collecting the reward, something was happening in a hidden corner of the Blue Star Realm.

It was a hidden valley.

In the sky above the valley, an old man with white hair and a frowning face was looking at the floating city from a distance.

Before, Tiandao dropped more than 100,000 reward beams of light, but he was clearly in the goal.

At that moment, in addition to envy, there was a strange look in his eyes.

Beside the old man, there was a middle-aged man with a slender figure and a sallow complexion.

This middle-aged man is the patriarch of the guardian force 'Jews' - Jusele.

And the white-haired old man is the ancestor of the Jewish people, a powerhouse in the early stage of demigods.

The Jewish people are a very powerful guardian force, but they are extremely low-key, even a little too low-key.

They clearly have the strength to become a mysterious force, but they have never been promoted to a mysterious force, and have always maintained their status as a guardian force in a low-key manner.

For this, the Jewish children did not understand.

Even the chief of the patriarch, Jusele, felt incomprehensible.

But all of this is the order of the ancestors of the Jewish people, and they dare not disobey.

At this moment, Yuseleh looked at the direction of the floating city from a distance, and was full of emotion.

"Old Ancestor, this Longyuan City is really strong! This time, those Longyuan disciples have all received 200,000 star combat power rewards ''!"

"In other words, Long Yuan's children are all above the strength of the demigod realm! Thinking about it, it makes people feel terrible!"

Speaking of which, Yusele sighed in dismay.

Deep down in his heart, he was extremely envious!

The Jewish ancestor asked in a low voice, "Xiao Lie, what kind of strength do you think that Qin Feng will be?"

Yusele pondered for a while and said, "Then Qin Feng was able to defeat the Suiyue Clan and the Reincarnation Clan, and occupied the territory of the two tribes. It can be seen that the old ancestors of the years and the reincarnations have fallen. It is just a special reason, the way of heaven. No announcement was made."

"It can be seen from this detail that Qin Feng's strength is at least the pinnacle of the true god. However, this time he has received a very generous reward. I am afraid that the comprehensive strength can be infinitely close to the limit of the true god, and even has reached the threshold of the true god's limit!"

The ancestor of the Jewish tribe nodded slightly: "¨ˇIt's similar to what the old man thinks! Then, what kind of realm do you think he will be?"

Yusele pondered: "There is a high probability that he is in the realm of true gods! Otherwise, how could he have the strength close to the limit of true gods? I don't believe that a person in the realm of false gods can have a comprehensive strength close to the limit of true gods!"

The ancestor of the Juzu smiled slightly: "No! That kid is very likely to be in the False God realm! Because the Blue Star Realm only has the Shenwu assessment, and the highest can only be promoted to the False God realm. If you want to be promoted to the True God realm, you can only go to the headquarters of the star field. examination."

"This Qin Feng child was born as a challenger, and he should have not been to the headquarters of the star field. Therefore, it is unlikely that he is in the real **** realm!"

The tone of the ancestors of the Jewish clan showed no respect for Qin Feng, and was even somewhat hostile.

Yewser heard something, but he didn't care.

However, when the Jewish ancestor reminded him, he was also stunned.

"Yes! Ancestor, you are right! In this way, Qin Feng is in the False God Realm! My God! A False God Realm has the strength close to the limit of the true God. That's too incredible!"

At this moment, Yusele was amazed.

"Yeah! Such a person is definitely a genius at the enchanting level!"

The Jewish ancestors were also deeply moved.

But then, he sneered again: "However, no matter how strong Qin Feng is, he is not far from death!"

Yusele was stunned for a moment: "Ancestor, what do you mean by this?"

The ancestor of the Jewish clan took a deep breath and turned to look at the forbidden area within the clan.

"Xiao Lie, for the past three thousand years, our family has been secretly collecting resources and secretly constructing a small interstellar teleportation array leading to the White Tiger Star Region. Do you know why?"

"This little column doesn't know!"

Yusele shook his head slightly.

The construction of a small interstellar teleportation array is the biggest secret of the Jewish people, and no one in the entire Blue Star Realm knows about it.

In fact, Jusele was also full of doubts in his heart.

Small interstellar teleportation array!

That is not something ordinary forces can master!

As far as the structure diagram of the teleportation array is concerned, it is a mid-grade god-level thing.

Ordinary true gods can't take it out, but their ancestors took it out.

There are too many secrets about their ancestors, he really wanted to know, but he didn't dare to ask.

At this time, the Jewish ancestor sighed: "Everything this old man has done is for the sake of the master."

"Owner?!"

Judah was surprised.

Does your ancestor still have a master?

The ancestor of the Jewish people did not answer, but looked up at the direction of the White Tiger Star Region.

"Three thousand years ago, the old man came to this barren Blue Star Realm with the master. Later, the master left, leaving the old man alone on this planet."

"Since then, the old man has been ordered by the master to secretly establish a small interstellar teleportation array, which is connected to the white tiger star field."

"According to the master's intention, when a challenger appears in the Blue Star Realm and becomes a star master candidate, it will be the day he returns to the Blue Star Realm. He will come back and kill the star master candidate!"

Boom~!

Hearing this secret news, Yusele's whole body was shocked!

Chapter 657 Cover up the secret! Three days are coming!

It took a while for Jussel to recover from the shock.

He was surprised: "Ancestor, then Qin Feng has the strength close to the limit of the true god! Your master is only afraid"

The Jewish ancestor sneered: "Haha! Not to mention the limit of the true god, even in the middle stage of the main god, in front of the master of this old man, it is still vulnerable!"

As soon as the voice fell, the ancestor of the Jewish people took out a yellow-colored talisman paper, with eleven rays of brilliance on it, which was extremely extraordinary!

It was actually a talisman of a low-grade god.

"Ancestor, this is"

Yusele looked at the talisman with a look of surprise.

"Heavenly Secret Talisman! Low-grade Divine Rank! Disposable consumables! Using this talisman can cover up the seven-day secret, and no one can figure out my motive for waiting!"

As soon as the voice fell, the machine talisman spontaneously ignited without fire, and finally turned into an invisible mysterious power, which enveloped the entire Jewish residence.