Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the body of the ancestor of the Jewish clan kept ringing, as if the seals had been broken!

In the next second, his momentum skyrocketed wildly!

The middle stage of the demigod, the peak of the demigod, the early stage of the false god

In a blink of an eye, the aura of the ancestors of the Jewish people reached the mid-level of a true god!

His entire body swelled even more, his white hair turned into black hair, and the wrinkles on his face gradually flattened without a trace!

In just a moment, he turned from a white-haired old man into a majestic middle-aged man.

Yusele was stunned!

Until today, he didn't know that his ancestor was actually a mid-stage true god!

"Finally breaking the seal! I, Judas, don't have to hide anymore!"

The Jewish ancestor showed a secret smile.

It turned out that the name of the Jewish ancestor was 'Judas'.

Then Judas looked at Jussel.

"Let's go! The secret talisman can only cover up the secret for seven days. We must complete the master's task within seven days."

"Oh!" 380

Judah calmed down.

Then, he was curious: "Ancestor, why do you want to cover up the secret? Can someone deduce our motive?"

Judas shook his head slightly: "I don't even know this deity! This is what the master has told me! Let's go!"

As soon as the words fell, Judas flew towards the forbidden land.

Israel followed

After a while, deep in the forbidden area of ​​the Jewish people.

Judas stood before a huge altar, groaning.

This altar is the small interstellar teleportation array that he secretly built after spending three thousand years.

"Ancestor, do you want to activate the teleportation array now?"

Behind Judas, the voice of Judah resounded.

Judas nodded slightly: "Well! This kind of small interstellar teleportation array needs to be continuously charged to be fully activated. During this time, the deity must continue to charge it, and you will protect the law!"

"Yes!" Yusele respectfully accepted the order.

Immediately, Judas stepped forward, put one hand on the altar, and began to move the altar

At the same time, on a desolate and uninhabited planet in the distant White Tiger Star Region.

The planet had no life, no air, and was cold and dark everywhere.

At this moment, in a valley on the planet, three figures appeared.

The head is one person, wearing a white robe, blond hair and blue eyes, with holy light all over his body.

He is Gabriel of the Bright God Domain, the ultimate power of a Lord God!

Behind him, there were two men, all dressed in white robes with golden hair.

These two people are his confidants, one is called Karu, the other is called Uriel, both are the mid-term powers of the Lord God.

This time, they were originally on a mission in the White Tiger Star Territory, but they received an order from Yeshen to let them go to the Blue Star Realm with Lucius.

It stands to reason that they should return to the God of Light first and meet with the God of Lucy.

But Gabriel didn't go back, excused the fact that the White Tiger Starfield was closer and had to rush to the Blue Star Realm first.

After communicating with the people of God Lucy, he did not rush to the Blue Star Realm with two henchmen, but came to this uninhabited planet.

Because he has other arrangements!

At this moment, Gabriel looked at the bottom of the valley ahead.

There was an altar there, and it was covered with dust, and it seemed that no one had touched it for thousands of years.

"Lord Gabriel, we have been here for a while. But there is no response from this altar! Is Judaism activated?"

Uriel muttered.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Gabriel looked in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

"Yes! Judas is prudent in his work and good at forbearance. Back then, before I left the Blue Star Realm, I told him to keep a low profile and not to cause trouble. Just build a teleportation formation silently!"

Gabriel muttered softly.

It turned out that he was the master of Judah.

Uriel nodded slightly and said no more.

Carew asked curiously: "Lord Gabriel, how did you know that one day, such a mutation will occur in the Blue Star Realm?"

Gabriel took a deep breath: "This is a long story! Three thousand years ago, there was a mysterious black-robed old man who left me a prophecy: Fifteen days, you will die; seven days, you can still live; If you live, you will be very happy!"

Carew wondered: "What's the meaning of this?"

Gabriel said: "In other words, if I go to the Blue Star Realm this time, if I go in fifteen days, I will only die. If I go within seven days, I still have a way to live. If I can survive, I will definitely get A great opportunity can even make me a king of gods!"

Karu was surprised: "Sir, so amazing? Could it be that Qin Feng, who appeared in the Blue Star Realm this time, has a peerless treasure on his body?"

Gabriel smiled slightly: "Most so! Otherwise, how could God be looking for him? Otherwise, how could the mysterious man in black robe be so accurate? After three thousand years, this kind of thing will happen?"

"In short, this time, we must rush to the Blue Star Realm within seven days and kill Qin Feng!"

Carew nodded slightly.

Then, he was curious: "Lord Gabriel, who is that mysterious man in black robe?"

Gabriel shook his head slightly: "I don't know! However, that person's breath gives me the feeling that it is much stronger than Lord Ye Shen!"

Karoo was shocked: "Better than Lord Yeshen? My God! Then why did he tell you that?"

Gabriel shook his head slightly: "I don't know! However, no matter what his purpose is, he must listen to his warning! On the fifteenth day, he will die!"

"If we go to the Blue Star Realm according to the usual method, it will take fifteen days. This is exactly in line with his calculation of fifteen days!"

"Because of this, I arranged Judas, where I arranged the teleportation array, just to prepare for these things to happen one day."

"Of course, all of this was also guided by the mysterious man. Unexpectedly, everything was expected by him. Just when we were carrying out the mission in the White Tiger Star Field, such a thing happened in the Blue Star Realm."

"At the beginning, the mysterious man asked me to establish a teleportation node in the White Tiger Star Region. I didn't care. Now it seems that I underestimated the mysterious man!"

As soon as the voice fell, Gabriel took out a yellow-colored talisman paper, which was also a celestial talisman!

In the next second, the talisman of that day spontaneously ignited without fire, forming an invisible mysterious power that enveloped the three of them.

Carew was surprised: "Sir, are you?"

Gabriel smiled slightly: "Heavenly Secret Talisman! It can cover up the secrets of the three of us. Within seven days, no one will be able to figure out the motive of my waiting!"

"Of course, if the opponent's soul power reaches the main **** realm, he can spy on it. However, forgive that Qin Feng doesn't have that kind of soul power!"

Carew suddenly said: "So it is! Lord, this talisman is extremely rare, how can you have it?"

Gabriel took a deep breath: "It was also given by the mysterious man. Two gifts in total! One is with me, and one is given to Judas!"

Om~!

The voice just fell, and the front altar lit up with white light!

"Hey! The teleportation node is on!"

"Great! Judas activated the teleportation array!"

This movement immediately alarmed Karu and Uriel.

Both showed excitement.

Gabriel's eyes also lit up, showing a look of relief.

Judas certainly did not let him down!

"Sir, let's hurry up to the teleportation formation and go to the Blue Star Realm!"

Carew couldn't wait.

Gabriel shook his head slightly: "Interstellar teleportation is not easy! This teleportation array established by Judas needs to be continuously charged. Only when the energy reaches a certain level can I wait!"

Om~!

At this moment, the altar shook, white light flashed on it, and a white jade talisman appeared out of thin air.

That's a message sign!

As soon as Gabriel beckoned, he sucked the jade talisman into his hand and watched the message inside.

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes and smiled.

Carew curiously said: "Sir, this is"

Gabriel smiled slightly: "This is a message from Judas. He told us in the amulet. After three days, the energy level of this teleportation array will allow the mid-term powerhouse of the Lord God to pass, and the seventh day to allow the Lord God to pass the limit. "

Karu's eyes lit up: "That is to say, Uriel and I can take the teleportation array to reach the Blue Star Realm in three days. You can go to the Blue Star Realm on the seventh day?"

Gabriel smiled and nodded: "Exactly!"

It turns out that interstellar teleportation is too difficult. The stronger the person, the greater the transmission energy required!

Afterwards, Gabriel said again: "The seventh day is coming, and it happens to be stuck on the seventh day of the prophecy, which is wonderful! However, there is even better news from Judas."

Carew was curious: "What news?"

Gabriel smiled and said: "He said that Qin Feng's strength is estimated to be close to the limit of the true god, at most it is the limit of the true god!"

"It turns out that it is the limit of God! I thought that Qin Feng was so strong!"

"My lord, after that three days, Karu and I will go to the Blue Star Realm first and kill Qin Feng directly, waiting for you to get the chance!"

"Yes! My lord, we can destroy Qin Feng without your help this time. It seems that you are destined to become the king of gods this time."

At this moment, Karu and Uriel were both excitedly complimenting.

If Gabriel can become the King of God, the two of them will naturally benefit greatly.

Gabriel smiled and said: "Wait! It's just three days later, Judas's actions. Having said that, if I can become the king of gods, you and Judas have contributed greatly, and this deity will naturally not treat you badly!"

As soon as these words fell, Karu and Uriel were all overjoyed!

"My lord, these are what we should do!"

At this moment, they all felt that Qin Feng had been settled!

What is there to worry about as a star master candidate who cannot even reach the limit of a true god?

The weakest one of them is the middle stage of the main god, and the limit of killing the true **** is a matter of one finger.

Because of this, they didn't take Qin Feng seriously at all!

Even Gabriel looked at the starry sky and muttered in his heart, did the mysterious man in black robe overestimate Qin Feng?

"By the way, don't let God know about this!"

Gabriel ordered again.

"Sir, we understand!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of them showed secret smiles.

Chapter 658 Holy Land Chance! Shenwu evaluation!

Gabriel has his own little abacus.

Likewise, **** had reservations about Gabriel.

For example, Gabriel didn't know about the destruction of the incarnation of God, "God", and the appearance of the "Book of Present Worlds".

Because of this, Gabriel will naturally underestimate Qin Feng, thinking that Qin Feng is at most the limit of true God's strength.

For a star master candidate to have the strength of the true god's limit threshold, it is already extremely remarkable.