Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In fact, Qin Feng's strength far exceeds the limit threshold of the true god.

Even his four avatars have exceeded the limit threshold of the true god, not to mention Qin Feng himself!

In this way, the three of Gabriel were at the altar, waiting silently

At the same time, the Blue Star Realm, the square where the Lei people reside.

Qin Feng has received the reward!

Di Jiang held a pile of divine pills in both hands, and his face was full of smiles.

This time, he got 60 demigod-level divine pills, which made him very happy.

When he finishes refining the medicinal pill in his hand, his combat power will definitely increase greatly.

At that time, he will be able to feed his father more combat power.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just then, the sky shook!

The voice of heaven resounded again!

[Blue Star Announcement: This round of rewards has been distributed! Ten minutes later, open the points store! 】

[Blue Star Announcement: After seven days, the entrance to the second floor of the Holy Land will be opened. Please be prepared for those who have the 'Holy Land Token'. 】

Hearing the news, Qin Feng smiled.

He has seven holy land pass orders in his hand, and this time he can let many confidant disciples enter and enjoy the opportunity of holy land.

"Dad, in seven days, the Holy Land will be opened! Can I go in?"

At this time, Di Jiang asked in a milky voice.

"Of course it's yours!"

Qin Feng fondly touched the little guy's head.

"Let's go! Let's go to the floating city! Let's see how everyone is doing!"

"Um!"

In the next second, the father and son turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, deep in the forbidden land of the Jewish people.

Judas is charging the interstellar teleportation array.

Jusher was silently guarding him.

It was at this moment that the two heard the announcement of Tiandao.

Yusherel couldn't help showing a look of envy.

"Old Ancestor, the second floor of the Holy Land will be opened in seven days! That's the chance that only Star Master candidates can enjoy!"

Yusele's tone was full of admiration.

Judas also sighed while recharging his energy: "Yeah! The opportunities on the second floor of the Holy Land are extremely rich! Not to mention the star master candidates, even a true **** powerhouse like this deity is envious!"

Yusele nodded: "Yes! The ancestors of the years and the ancestors of the reincarnation are the same as you. Why don't they want to go to the second floor of the Holy Land? Unfortunately, they are already right, the ancestor, it seems that Qin Feng just got four Pass award!"

Judas smiled and nodded: "I was about to mention this! In fact, Qin Feng has not only four yuan, but six yuan. Don't forget, in the second round of hegemony rewards, he also got two yuan!"

Yusele suddenly said: "Yes! I almost forgot about this! Hey! I really envy that guy! He has a six-dollar pass."

"In this way, not only can he enter the Holy Land by himself, but he can also bring five confidants in and enjoy the opportunity that others dream of! After all, the Holy Land recognizes orders and does not recognize people."

The corners of Juda's mouth were slightly raised, and he smiled coldly: "Silly boy! What's there to envy? Do you think Qin Feng can live to enter the Holy Land?"

"Uh~! What do you mean"

"After seven days, the master of this deity will arrive. At that time, my master will be able to kill that kid. At that time, the six tokens of that kid will belong to my master."

Having said this, Judas looked proud.

Afterwards, he added: "My master will definitely reward me with one after he gets the pass. When that time comes, I will say something nice to him, maybe he will reward you with one!"

Boom~!

Hearing this, Jusele's eyes lit up: "Old Ancestor, I can have it too!"

Judas smiled and said, "The Holy Land Pass will be invalidated automatically if it is out of date. If my master gets the six passes, he will not keep it, and he will definitely reward it! As long as the deity speaks, he will definitely reward you with one! "

Yusele was overjoyed: "Old Ancestor! When the time comes, I hope you have a few words with the master!"

"Haha! You are the best descendant of this deity, and I will naturally fight for your welfare! Besides, you are also credited with protecting the Dharma today!"

Hearing this, Yusele became more active.

Then, he was a little worried: "By the way, ancestor, your master will come on the seventh day. The entrance to the Holy Land will also be opened on the seventh day. Is it too late?"

Judas smiled confidently: "It should be in time! This great formation can be fully charged before the early morning of the seventh day, and the entrance to the Holy Land usually opens after sunrise. Just give my master a few minutes, and he will be able to Kill Qin Feng!"

"After all, Qin Feng's child has the strength of the limit of the true **** at most. In front of my master, he can only be killed in seconds!"

Om~!

Just after those words fell, a white light lit up in the center of the altar, and a communication jade talisman appeared out of thin air!

"Hey! The master has replied! Xiaolie, look at what was said!"

"Oh!"

Yusele quickly got up, took out the jade talisman from the altar, and checked it.

At this moment, Judas was charging with all his energy and could not spare his hands, so he asked Jussiel to check the information.

The interstellar distance is too far to communicate with each other.

The communication between him and Gabriel can only use this small interstellar teleportation array to transmit jade talismans to each other.

In just a moment, Yusele finished reading the contents of the jade talisman.

"Old Ancestor, your master said that Uriel and Karu will reach the Blue Star ahead of schedule in three days!"

Judas' eyes lit up: "That's great! It turns out that Lord Uriel and Lord Karoo are right next to the master!"

Yusele said curiously, "Ancestor, are Uriel and Kalu very powerful?"

Judas smiled and said, "Of course! They are all powerful men in the middle of the Lord God!"

Yusele was overjoyed: "That's great! It's easy to kill a true **** with the mid-term action of the main god. Besides, there are still two! Then Qin Feng is dead!"

Judas laughed happily: "Haha! That's natural! The range of combat power in the middle stage of the main **** is 400 million to 800 million stars. Lord Uriel and Lord Karoo are not the general middle stage of the main god. Killing Qin Feng is definitely an instant kill. !"

Yusele said excitedly: "Ancestor, it seems that we will be able to get the pass in three days!"

"Haha! Indeed!"

At this moment, the two of them laughed cheerfully in the field!

In their opinion, the opportunity of the Holy Land is already beckoning to them

At the same time, in the floating city square.

The disciples of Long Yuan cheered excitedly.

In the air, Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi and other high-level executives were also full of joy.

Yueling's clone looked at all this with a smile on her face, a gratifying smile on her face.

After some rewards just now, Long Yuan's children are the weakest, and their combat power has reached 280,000 stars.

The combat power has exceeded 500,000 stars, and it has reached more than 1,000 people!

And there are more than a dozen people who have broken through 1.5 million stars and reached the level of False God.

As for these messengers such as Jumang, their combat power exceeded 50,000 stars.

In addition, Qingchengzi's combat power has also broken 50,000 stars!

In short, Long Yuan's overall strength has soared!

This makes Yueling clone very gratified!

huh~! huh~!

At this moment, white light flashed in the sky!

Qin Feng and Di Jiang appeared out of thin air!

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they immediately surrounded him with great joy.

"Dad, the reward this time is too generous. Luan'er's combat power has reached 5.5 million stars. When I refine the medicinal pill rewarded by Heaven, the combat power should exceed 60,000 stars!"

When Xiao Luan'er saw Qin Feng, she said happily.

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "Very good! In a few minutes, the Points Mall will be opened. At that time, remember to buy energy pills and level up to level 70!"

Xiao Luan'er was curious: "Dad, why did you rush to level 70?!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Level 70 is the threshold for the assessment of the False God realm. This time, you will all raise your level to 70. Let's go to the Shenwu assessment together and break through the False God realm in one fell swoop! This is the next step for our trip to the Holy Land. , will be of great benefit!"

As soon as these words fell, Feng Xi and the others were overjoyed.

Xiao Luan'er was even more excited: "Dad, I have long wanted to break through to the False God realm. With my current strength, it is absolutely no problem to pass the False God assessment!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Generally speaking, if your combat power reaches 800,000 stars, you are eligible to participate in the False God assessment. With your 5.5 million-star combat power, it is no problem to pass the False God assessment, and you will get a very high score. High-level evaluation!"

Xiao Luan'er said proudly: "Hee hee! When I refine the medicinal pill reward, and then reap some rewards in the points store, my strength will increase greatly. Maybe, I can get a special evaluation in the Shenwu assessment!"

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

The Shenwu assessment is the same as the Tianwu assessment. According to the assessment results, various evaluations are also divided.

The higher the rating, the more benefits you get and the more generous the rewards.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The worst of them is the inferior rating, which is also the one with the largest number of people.

Then there are the evaluations of medium, superior, special, god-level, super **** and other levels.

Of course, the evaluation of the Shenwu assessment is much harsher than that of the Tianwu assessment.

Even with Xiao Luan'er's excellence, he only dared to think about the special-class evaluation, and dared not consider the god-level evaluation.

At this time, Qin Feng looked at Qingchengzi again.

"Master Qingguan, this time, you will also raise your level to level 70. Come with us to participate in the Shenwu assessment! When you break through to the False God realm, and then go to the Holy Land with me, you will also get more opportunities!"

Qingchengzi was flattered: "Thank you City Lord! By the way, City Lord, it seems that you only have seven pass orders. If you count the poor road, you need eight pass orders! Your tokens are not enough!"

Qin Feng smiled and said, "It doesn't matter! At that time, Xiao Luan'er and I will be psychic and we can share a token!"

As soon as these words fell, Yu Xuanji hurriedly reminded him.

"Master, no! As far as my concubine knows, on the first floor of the Holy Land, if you use a psychic fusion, you can share a pass. But on the second floor of the Holy Land, the monitoring of souls will be stricter, and the psychic fusion cannot be mixed in. of."

Qin Feng was surprised: "There is still this matter!"

Then, he smiled slightly: "That doesn't matter! I have a lot of gold points in my hand, just exchange one more!"

Qingchengzi was grateful: "Thank you for the love of the city lord!"

At this moment, his loyalty to Qin Feng became more and more firm.

"By the way, the city owner, I and other high-level executives are going to participate in the Shenwu assessment. Then, who will guard this Longyuan City?"

Qingchengzi expressed his concerns.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "There will be my clone to guard! Besides, we will be able to complete this assessment within three days, and it won't take long."

As soon as these words fell, the high-level officials nodded.

Within three days, they should be able to complete the assessment! what.

Chapter 659 Golden interface! Top grade god!

As soon as he thought that he would be able to break through to the False God realm in three days, Qingchengzi was full of expectations.

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er and others were even more passionate in their hearts.