Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

They are eager to break through the False God realm as soon as possible, so that they can feed Qin Feng more combat power.

Qin Feng is also looking forward to it!

His current basic combat power is 1.7 billion stars. After breaking through to the False God realm, what level will his basic combat power be improved to?

I wonder if after breaking through to the False God realm, can I compete with the Lord God in the middle stage?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that the possibility was not very high.

The mid-term threshold of the main **** has 400 million star combat power, and his current basic combat power is only 1.7 billion.

Even if he has the power of combining the Tao, the power of artifact feedback, and the power of sacrifice, his comprehensive combat power has not reached 150 million.

Of course, if Fengxi and the others performed well in the Shenwu assessment, their strength has improved enough.

He can also get the top evaluation in the Shenwu assessment, there is still a glimmer of hope, and his comprehensive combat power can be raised to the threshold of the middle stage of the main god.

As long as he can reach the mid-term threshold of the main god, he will dare to compete with the mid-term main god.

In other words, the next point mall opportunity is also very important to them!

If they can get enough resources from the mall, he and Feng Xi and the others will be able to increase their strength again, then they will be able to get a higher evaluation of Shenwu, and their strength will be improved even more.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the next points mall!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and the ethereal voice of Heavenly Dao sounded!

[Blue Star Realm Announcement: The Points Mall will be opened soon! 】

[Reminder: Only members of the winner of this round, Longyuan City, in this mall have permission to enter and purchase]

[Reminder: This mall is only open for three hours! 】

[Reminder: The points in this round are out of date and will be cleared! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there were cheers from Long Yuan's disciples in the Floating City Square!

In the air, Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Qi Yue and others were also smiling!

"Dad! The mall is about to open! This time, we got a lot of points! It should be able to exchange for a lot of resources!"

Xiao Luan'er was even more excited.

"Sister, don't forget to buy energy pills, we have to rush to level 70, and we have to go to the Shenwu assessment with my father!"

Xiaojumang did not forget to remind.

"I know! The little sentence is so cute!"

Xiao Luan'er pinched her brother's little cheek dotingly.

The siblings are very close.

Seeing this, Di Jiang was a little disdainful, and then hugged Qin Feng's thigh tightly.

In his opinion, his father is the best.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

At this time, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again!

[Points Mall has been activated! Those who have shopping rights can enter and browse immediately! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the audience was completely boiling!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Haha! The mall is finally open!"

"Brothers, go to the mall and browse! Let's see what treasures are there this time!"

"Haha! I have already opened the interface!"

"Wow! There are so many treasures this time! It's so cool!"

At this moment, the crowd cheered from time to time!

Qin Feng smiled and opened the mall interface.

At the same time, in the depths of the Jewish forbidden area!

Yuseleh looked up into the sky and sighed.

"Ancestor, the Points Mall has opened, and only people from Longyuan City are eligible to enter. That's a big chance!"

Judas sneered: "No matter how big the opportunity is, you have to enjoy it with your life! When my master kills Qin Feng, Longyuan City will definitely be destroyed! The opportunities they have today will be ours in the future."

"That's right!"

As soon as these words fell, both of them smiled.

"By the way, Ancestor, the points mall is all about how many points you have. The more points you have, the more chances you will get. I wonder how many points Qin Feng has?"

Judas pondered for a while and said: "According to the past, the leader of the Suppressing Heaven can get 50,000 points, even if it is very good. If you want to see the deity, that Qin Feng is like this at most!"

Judas has been hidden in the Blue Star Realm for three thousand years, so he is naturally knowledgeable.

Yusele couldn't help but sigh: "50,000 points! That's a lot! This time, Qin Feng can get a lot of resources again!"

His tone was still undeniably envious.

It's just that he and Judas didn't know that Longyuan City received ten times the reward this time!

Qin Feng's points are more than 50,000 points?

At this moment, the sky above the floating city.

Qin Feng has opened the mall interface.

When he entered the mall, he was dazzled.

This time, there are too many treasures launched in the mall, which are several times richer than the previous two.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

However, he was quickly drawn to another interface.

【Gold Points Commodity Interface】

[Reminder: Only if you have gold points, you have permission to enter this interface]

[Reminder: Gold points products are all resources above the low-grade **** level, and the number is limited]

[Reminder: Ordinary points can also be exchanged for gold points. 50,000 points = 1 gold point]

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

It turns out that ordinary points can be exchanged for gold points.

That's great!

Qin Feng looked at the mall before. There are many treasures in it, but the best ones are demigod-level resources.

But demigod-level resources are no longer attractive to Qin Feng, and they don't even have much effect.

What is useful to him now is at least the resources above the low-grade **** rank.

That gold points commodity is more in line with his needs!

In this case, he might as well convert all his ordinary points into gold points for those resources above the low-grade **** rank.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened his personal panel and checked his points.

[Free attribute]: 1.1 billion

[Ordinary points]: 93.6 billion points

[Golden Points]: 54 points

【Reputation】: 13340 points.

After reading this, Qin Feng was a little surprised!

His ordinary points reached 93.6 billion!

I have to say this, I'm afraid no one will believe it!

If Judas and Jussleel had known the result, their jaws would have dropped in shock.

Come to think of it, Qin Feng not only won 10 times the reward and blessing this time, but also killed so many real gods, and the gods of the main gods, it is difficult to think that the points are not high!

In the previous third round of hegemony, it was rare to lose a few False God realm bigwigs.

As for the existence of the True God Realm, those are the ones who control the game behind the scenes, and they will basically not fall.

And the appearance of Qin Feng completely disrupted the pattern of the Blue Star Realm, killing all those who controlled the situation and all the bigwigs!

Therefore, Longyuan City has become a unique giant force in the Blue Star Realm!

There is no second force that can match one ten thousandth of it!

After reading it, Qin Feng was immediately excited.

Then, his eyes fell on the free attribute again.

He still has 100 million attributes that he has not added.

That is the 1.3 million evil army, and the accumulated attribute points obtained by killing the remnants of the major sites.

It's just that he was too busy before and had no time to watch the harvest.

Unexpectedly, this has accumulated to 1.1 billion points!

This is an unexpected surprise!

What Qin Feng needs most now is to improve his strength.

The threat of God's body, like a sharp sword, has been hanging over his head, which makes him always have a sense of urgency in his heart, and he needs to improve his strength quickly.

In fact, Qin Feng's intuition is right!

Not to mention the identity of God, but to say that the arrival of Gabriel's subordinates is also a great threat to him.

If Qin Feng wants to eliminate the threat, he must improve his strength as soon as possible.

At the moment, he did not hesitate to add the starting point.

In just a moment, the 1.1 billion attributes were added.

His basic combat power also skyrocketed to 1.9 billion stars in one fell swoop.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Then, he converted the ordinary points in his hand into 186 gold points.

With the extra 60,000 points, he converted all of them into energy pills and several prestige cards, adding another 60 prestige points to himself.

In this way, his reputation value has reached 134 points, and his gold points have reached 240 points.

Then, he opened the gold commodity interface with great anticipation.

[Sacred Land Pass (Second Floor): Low Grade God Rank]

[Exchange Points: 20 Gold Points]

【Inventory: 1 piece】

[Passing order for entering the second floor of the Holy Land, a chance item for one-time consumption]

In the first line of the mall, the pass Qin Feng wanted appeared, but unfortunately there was only one piece in stock.

He chose to exchange without hesitation!

[Successful exchange: You spent 20 gold points to exchange for 1 Holy Land Pass (Second Floor)]

Token in hand!

In this way, Qin Feng has 8 pass orders in his hand, which is just enough for him and the six messengers, as well as Qingchengzi.

Then, he continued to browse

[Sanguang Shenshui: Low-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders]

[Exchange Points: 5 Gold Points]