【Inventory: 2 drops】

[This divine water can be used to cultivate the World Tree, which can speed up the growth of the World Tree by ten million times. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

His World Tree had grown to 67.3%, but when Sanguang Shenshui was used up, the growth slowed down.

He was worrying about where to get the Sanguang Shenshui to accelerate the growth of the World Tree.

The World Tree must be fully mature before it can be used.

And once it matures, it is a high-grade god.

What's even better is that the World Tree is a wonder of the world, and it is more valuable than a high-grade artifact. 4

If he can make the World Tree mature earlier, it will be of great help to his next Shenwu assessment.

With this in mind, he quickly chose to exchange

After the exchange, he continued to browse

Along the way, he saw Divine King Blood Pill, Divine King Soul Pill, Divine King Body Pill, etc.

These divine pills are of great help to Qin Feng's strength improvement.

Even better, each one only costs 2 points.

Both are low-grade god-level treasures, and their value is high and low!

In order to increase his strength, he chose to exchange without hesitation.

This time, he spent 1 gold point to exchange for a total of 50 low-grade god-level elixir!

In this way, Qin Feng browsed and exchanged all the way, as long as it was useful, he would not miss any.

In a blink of an eye, he only had the last treasure left, and he hadn't browsed it yet!

With the golden points in his hand, there are only 52 points left.

"It's time to see the last treasure!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

Generally speaking, the last treasure is the finale-level treasure, which is the most precious.

He left 52 points, which should be redeemable.

With this in mind, Qin Feng opened the interface of the last treasure.

what!

It was actually a high-grade god-level treasure!

Boom~!

After seeing the treasure clearly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with ecstasy in his eyes! .

Chapter 660 Heavenly Fate Divine Sword! Create a treasure chest!

A high-grade god-level treasure!

Qin Feng only has two pieces in his hands!

One is the "Book of the Present World", and the other is the three Heaven-suppressing artifacts that are being fused, and the fusion has not yet been completed.

Unexpectedly, the last treasure in this mall turned out to be a high-grade god-level treasure.

Even better, he just happened to be able to redeem it

At the moment, Qin Feng browsed carefullyReêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

[Sword of Fortune: High-grade God Rank (with triple seal)]

[Exchange Points: 50 Gold Points]

【Inventory: 1 handle】

[Reminder: Part of the divine power of this sword has triple seals, which can be unlocked with the power of luck]

[Reminder: Every time a seal is unlocked, the quality of the Divine Sword can be increased by a notch, and its power can also be increased by a notch]

[Reminder: Only those who have the title of luck have the right to exchange this sword]

[Reminder: 50 Gold Points are required for the exchange of the Master of Fortune; 30 Gold Points are required for the exchange of the Son of Fortune; 10 Gold Points are required for the exchange of the Son of Destiny]

After reading this, Qin Feng was elated!

It turns out that only those who have the title of luck have the right to exchange this divine sword!

The magical effect of luck title, once again demonstrated!

What's more, the exchange of 'Child of Destiny' only requires 10 gold points!

And he is the son of destiny!

This is simply tailor-made for him!

At the moment, Qin Feng happily chose to exchange!

[Successful exchange: You spent 10 gold points to exchange for the Heavenly Fate Sword (high-grade god-level)]

The sword is here!

Qin Feng was so happy!

As a result, he still has 42 gold points left!

Qin Feng pulled back to the top of the interface again, and exchanged all the god-level treasures that had not been exchanged before.

In just a moment, all the god-level items on the entire golden interface were exchanged by him, and none of them remained. 08

Not only that, but there is still 1 gold point left, which cannot be used.

However, Qin Feng is already very satisfied!

The harvest this time is really too rich, it can be said that it is full of pots! !

When he uses up this harvest, his strength will skyrocket again!

This is extremely beneficial to his divine martial arts assessment!

According to rumors, the highest evaluation of the divine martial arts assessment is the super divine evaluation.

It is difficult for each star field to produce one for tens of billions of years.

Since the history of Qinglong Starfield, only two people have received super god-level evaluation.

One of them is the current Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

As for who the other person is, it is unknown.

Qin Feng feels that he is very hopeful to become the third.

Of course, on top of the super god-level evaluation, there is no more advanced evaluation, it is unknown.

In fact, the evaluation of the Shenwu assessment is extremely harsh!

Many people who have obtained high-level divine grades in the Tianwu assessment can only get high-level evaluations in the divine artifact evaluation, and they can't even reach a special-level evaluation.

And those middle-level gods who are in the Tao, and those who are low-level gods, are basically medium evaluations.

Most of the high-quality ones are inferior.

Most of the high-ranking people who are in harmony with the Tao have no chance to break through to the demigod realm, and they are basically stuck in the heaven-level realm in this life.

Only a very small number of people have a first-line chance to break through to the demigod realm.

As for the combination of the middle grade and the lower grade, there is no need to think about it.

Heaven-level realm is basically the point of their life.

And under the training of Qin Feng, Long Yuan's children are all above the top grade.

High-level people like Liu Xuan are also inferior gods.

Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue are even more superior gods.

Di Jiang and Jumang were born extraordinary, and they were born together with the gods.

A god-level combination can basically get a special evaluation.

As for the god-level and super god-level evaluations with higher evaluations such as Bit, it is difficult to achieve.

And Qin Feng's goal is super **** level!

For god-level evaluation, he is confident that there is no problem.

For the super god-level evaluation, he was still a little worried in his heart.

Therefore, he needs to improve more strength, so as to improve his grasp of winning the super god-level evaluation!

"Finally redeemed!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart, and a white light flashed in front of him, and a long sword with a gold handle and a silver blade appeared!

As soon as the divine sword appeared, it exuded a monstrous sword intent, causing the world to tremble!

At this moment, the entire floating city was shocked!

All the disciples raised their heads one after another, looking up at the Divine Sword, in amazement!

At the same moment, Qin Feng also peeped away excitedly

[Sword of Heavenly Fate (Triple Seal): High-grade God Rank, Unidentified Master]

[Incidental Skill: Luck Absorb]

[Air Luck Absorption: Killing the main god-level target can absorb half of the opponent's Luck value to improve its own Luck]

[Reminder: Only those who have the title of luck can obtain the Divine Sword and recognize the master]

[Reminder: Refining this sword can feed back 50,000 star combat power. If you unlock the seal, you can get more feedback power]

[Conditions for unlocking the first seal: the luck value reaches 80 times that of ordinary people, and the first seal can be unlocked by pouring in the power of air luck. 】

[Reminder: The first seal needs to be unlocked before the conditions for unlocking the second seal will appear]

Seeing this, Qin Feng once again showed a satisfied smile.

The Sword of Fortune is really unusual today!

Not only is it powerful, it also has its own luck skills!

That 'Luck Absorption' is extremely powerful!

Luck is illusory and subtle, making it hard to guard against, but it is extremely difficult to improve it!

This skill of 'air fortune absorption' provides a channel for the rise of air fortune.

The only difficulty is that it will be effective only if you kill the Lord God!

With Qin Feng's current strength, he can't even kill the threshold of the Lord God.

At the beginning, he was able to kill 'God', that was a trick.

However, as long as he breaks through to the demigod realm, he should have the strength to kill the threshold of the main god.

If you break through to the False God realm again, it is possible to kill the Lord God in the early stage.

Of course, these are all Qin Feng's own conjectures.

Specifically, we will not know until he breaks through to the False God realm.

In addition, the power of the Heavenly Fate Sword is also extraordinary!

When the seal is not broken, it can feed back 5-star combat power.

If the first seal can be unlocked, the power will skyrocket again!

However, to unlock the first layer of seal, the air luck needs to reach 80 times the value of ordinary people, and his air luck only reaches 62 times the value.

The difference is not small!

It seems that he can't unlock the first seal for the time being!

Qin Feng felt a little regret.