Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"dad!"

"Owner!"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er, Feng Xi, Yu Xuanji and others all gathered around.

They all looked at the ‘Sword of Heaven’s Fate’ in amazement!

"Dad, your sword seems to be a high-grade artifact!"

Xiao Luan said with a look of amazement.

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "It is indeed a high-grade artifact, not an ordinary high-grade artifact. It should belong to the high-grade artifact of the titled profession. There are three seals in it, and each time one is broken, the power increases greatly!"

"Wow! So strong!"

"Master, then you have a big harvest this time!"

Xiao Luan'er and others were pleasantly surprised!

They are all really happy for Qin Feng!

After all, they are all envoys of Qin Feng, and their fate is tied to Qin Feng.

Qin Feng is not dead, they are not dead!

And the stronger Qin Feng is, the stronger they will become!

They naturally hope that Qin Feng will get better and better.

Qin Feng smiled and put away the sword with satisfaction.

Then, he looked at Feng Xi and the others.

"Are all your points redeemed?"

"Well! It's all redeemed!"

The girls nodded.

"Dad, I have exchanged a lot of energy pills, and I will rush to level 70 in a while!"

"Dad, I'm going to rush to level 70 too!"

Jumang and Di Jiang were scrambling to speak.

Qin Feng nodded with relief: "Okay! Okay! According to the rules of heaven, there will be extra huge rewards for breaking through the demigod realm and the virtual **** realm continuously. If you all rush to level 70, you can participate in two consecutive assessments and get such rewards. already."

As soon as these words fell, Di Jiang, Jumang, Feng Xi, Xiao Luan'er, and Qi Yue all showed joy.

Even Qingchengzi showed joy.

They are all in the Heaven-level realm, and this time they all have to rush to level 70, just for the extra reward of continuous customs clearance.

The threshold for the assessment of the demigod realm is level 60, and those who take part in the assessment of the inferior gods and martial arts.

The threshold for the False God realm assessment level is 70, and he is participating in the first-class Shenwu assessment.

If you want to continue the assessment, you will naturally have to raise your level to level 70.

Among the crowd, Yu Xuanji couldn't help showing envy.

That extra huge reward is no match for her.

She is already in the demigod realm, and can only participate in the first-class Shenwu assessment, and there is no additional reward for consecutively passing the test.

"Since the points have been redeemed! Everyone has entered the zero-degree space, hurry up and digest this harvest! I will arrange a clone and immediately take everyone to the Blue Moon Star to participate in the assessment!"

860 Qin Feng made another arrangement.

Xiao Luan'er was pleasantly surprised: "Dad, are you leaving now?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Now the enemy's situation is unknown. With my humanistic deduction ability, I can't calculate the whereabouts of the king of the gods. It is in danger! Therefore, the sooner we complete the assessment, the better."

All the girls nodded, a sense of urgency in their hearts.

At the moment, Qin Feng didn't say any more, and with a wave of his hand, all seven Feng Xi were taken into the zero-degree space.

After doing this, Qin Feng was also preparing to return to the zero-degree space, but Tiandao sent a reminder

[Reminder: Check the gold interface products, which have been redeemed, and you have 1 gold points left]

【Congratulations on activating the extra lucky draw chance! 】

[Lucky Draw Chance: Spend 1 gold point to draw treasure chests from the lottery roulette]

【Would you like to participate in the lottery? 】

what!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

He didn't expect that the remaining point could trigger such an opportunity.

This is a great thing!

His 1 gold point, even if it is not used, is wasted.

At the moment, his mind moved, and he chose to be willing to draw a lottery.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, he knew that there was a constant roar in the sea, and a huge roulette projection appeared.

There is a huge pointer in the center of the roulette, and there are more than a dozen small grids around it. Mythical Treasure Chest', 'Open Heaven Treasure Box', 'Fortune Treasure Box'

The lower-level treasure chest, the larger the area of ​​the grid, the easier it is to be selected

[Reminder: In this lottery roulette, the treasure chests that can be drawn range from bronze treasure chests to good luck treasure chests]

[Reminder: For each lottery draw, select the lowest-level bronze treasure chest, the probability is 70%, and the highest-level Fortune-level treasure chest is selected 5%]

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng took a deep breath.

The best Fortune-level treasure chest has only a 5% probability of selection, which is 1 in 200!

It seems that it is not easy to get the best rewards!

Chapter 661 Break the seal! The pinnacle of top grade!

However, Qin Feng's 1 gold point was originally going to be wasted.

Since Tiandao gave a lottery chance, he just used the waste to maximize the benefits.

Thinking of this, he was going to use the 1 gold point to start the lottery.

"Hey! By the way, the best treasure chest is the fortune-telling treasure chest. The lucky draw rate of the treasure chest is only 5%, which should be an ordinary luck person."

"I am the son of destiny, and my luck is 62 times that of ordinary people. With this calculation, my lottery rate can reach 31%!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

31% probability, nearly one-third of the lottery rate.

The probability of this is not small!

correct!

Luck can increase the draw rate!

With that temporary boost in luck, the draw will be even higher!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's mind flashed, and he seemed to think of something.

The next second, when he flipped over in his hand, a white light flashed in the palm of his hand, and there was an ancient book released by divine light, which was the "Book of the Present World".

huh~!

Then, the book of the present world turned into a white light and merged into Qin Feng's body!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Then, the sky trembled!

A milky white light beam of air descended from the sky and poured directly into Qin Feng's head.

At the same time, Tiandao's reminder sounded in Qin Feng's mind

[Integration of "Book of the Present World" succeeded! You get 20 times the value of luck blessing! Your luck is temporarily increased to 82 times the value! 】

Luck temporarily increased!

Qin Feng smiled!

The air luck has been increased to 82 times, which is equal to the probability of his drawing the 'good luck treasure chest', which has increased to 41%.

The odds are not small!

However, he was not in a hurry to draw the lottery, but turned his palm over, a white light flashed in the palm, and there was an extra long sword with a gold handle and a silver blade!

It was the Sword of Fortune that day!

The next second, Qin Feng stroked the sword body with one hand, and a faint white light lit up in the palm of his hand.

Then, a looming power of luck was madly poured into the sword from his palm.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Suddenly, a crisp explosion sounded from the sword body, as if some seal was being cracked!

Kacha~!

The last bang!

Om~!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The divine sword roared, and the aura was released!

Absolutely divine light! Brightness!

Light up the whole world!

Shocked countless children!

Everyone in Long Yuan raised their heads in astonishment!

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Congratulations on breaking the first seal of the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword! 】

[The quality of the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword is automatically promoted to the peak of the high-grade god-level. After the master is recognized, it can feed back the 10,000-star combat power]

[Conditions for unlocking the second seal: The luck value reaches 1 times that of ordinary people, and the second seal can be unlocked by pouring in the power of luck.]

[Reminder: The second seal needs to be unlocked before the conditions for unlocking the third seal will appear]

It was successfully unblocked!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

It turned out that he borrowed the "Book of the World" to increase his luck value by 82 times, so he tried to break the first seal of the Divine Sword.

Unexpectedly, his attempt was really successful!

It seems that the air luck value of the loan also counts!

In this way, he actually obtained a long sword at the peak of the high-grade **** rank, and his comprehensive strength has skyrocketed!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng broke the blood of his fingers and dripped to the Divine Sword!

Om~!

A burst of joyful jingling!

The Divine Sword drained the blood essence, and the spiritual light was released!

At the same time, Qin Feng can clearly sense that there is a telepathy between himself and Divine Sword.

【Recognize the Lord successfully! Congratulations, you have become the owner of the Heavenly Fate Sword (Double Seal)! 】

Whoo~!

Recognize the Lord successfully!

Very smooth!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!