Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Afterwards, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword turned into white light and merged into his body.

After doing this, Qin Feng closed his eyes, sank into the sea of ​​consciousness, and saw the huge lottery roulette again.

It's time for the draw!

[Reminder: You have spent 1 gold point to start this lottery]

Boom~Long~Long~!

Qin Feng thought about it, and the last 1 gold point was consumed.

The next second, the huge roulette wheel slowly turned!

Looking at the roulette wheel spinning in front of him, Qin Feng was inexplicably nervous and couldn't help holding his breath.

41% chance of winning!

Still a little too small!

Having said that, if you can't draw the treasure chest of good fortune, you can draw an open treasure chest, that's not bad.

The probability of winning the opening treasure chest is 1%!

With the blessing of his luck, it is 82%.

And with Qin Feng's luck value, opening the treasure chest can definitely open low-grade god-level treasures, which is also very cost-effective.

Of course, if he can draw the treasure chest of good fortune, it will be better.

Boom~Long~~Long~~~!

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the huge roulette turned slower and slower!

Click~!

The loudest sound!

The huge pointer stopped in a red area as thin as a hair!

【Congratulations for winning the 'Good Fortune Grade Treasure Box'】

Boom~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

Haha~!

With a 5% chance of drawing the lottery, he actually won!

The identity of the Son of Destiny is really useful!

huh~!

In the next second, a white light flashed in front of him, and there was an extra milky white treasure chest with several innate divine patterns engraved on it, exuding an amazing aura!

[The Treasure Chest of Fortune: 90% probability to open low-grade god-level items, 9% probability to open low-grade god-level peak items, and 1% probability to open medium-grade god-level items. 】

Qin Feng's current luck is 82 times the value, that is, 82% probability, he can open a middle-grade god-level treasure!

With this in mind, he opened the treasure chest without hesitation!

Om~!

The treasure chest opened, turned into white light and dissipated out!

Afterwards, a drop of golden divine blood appeared out of thin air, with the rays of light shining on it, a hidden dragon emerging, and exuding a refreshing fragrance!

[Golden Dragon God Blood: Middle Grade God Rank]

[Only those with true dragon blood talent above S rank can be refined]

Seeing this divine blood, Qin Feng's eyes showed joy!

It really is a middle-grade god-level treasure!

It was the divine blood he needed the most!

His bloodline talent is just a line away from the SSS-level limit.

But it was that line that kept him from breaking through!

I wonder if this drop of middle-grade divine blood can make his bloodline talent break through to the extreme limit of SSS?

If the bloodline talent breakthrough is successful, his Dharma Vision World will definitely be able to break through from the primary level to the intermediate level!

That will greatly enhance his overall strength!

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations!

Then, he put away the golden dragon blood and showed a satisfied smile.

Having said that, he used 1 gold point this time to bet a drop of middle-grade blood, which is really a big profit!

The value of mid-grade divine blood is equivalent to 20 gold points per drop.

Qin Feng has obtained a lot of **** blood, but the best quality is the low-grade god-rank, and he has not even obtained the peak of the low-grade god-rank.

This time, he actually got a drop of divine blood of the mid-rank **** rank, which was a big surprise!

However, he should go too!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

He returned to the zero-degree space, leaving a white spot of light the size of a soybean, which was the node of the zero-degree space.

Seeing this, the Mirage clone took a breath and swallowed the node.

Then, as soon as he waved his hand, a pair of huge golden wings appeared in front of him.

The wings spread out, and they will be ten feet wide, covering the sky and earth with their aura, causing the heaven and the earth to tremble slightly!

[Shentian Divine Wing: High-grade God Rank, made from the fusion of three heavenly survey artifacts]

[Can feed back 50,000 star combat power]

[Incidental skills: God Feather Arrow Formation, group attack type]

[Incidental skills: surveying the sky and moving, mobile type. 】

It turned out that this Heavenly Suppressing Divine Wing was made from the fusion of the Heavenly Surveying Divine Wing, the Heavenly Surveying Divine Sword, and the Heavenly Surveying Divine Blade.

In the next second, Zhentian Divine Wing merged into the Mirage's body, and spread its wings on its back!

Swish~!

The wings shook!

The Mirage clone turns into white light and disappears out of thin air!

He has moved beyond the stars

Looking at the direction where the Mirage clone disappeared, Long Yuan's disciples were amazed!

They know that Qin Feng and others are going to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

In the crowd, Liu Xuan, mother-in-law Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan were filled with emotion.

"'" Two, the boss went to participate in the Shenwu assessment. You said, can he get the top super god-level evaluation 々. ? "

Liu Xuan couldn't help muttering.

Granny Feng Qi shook her head slightly.

Elder Qishan even smiled bitterly.

He is even more ignorant of the Shenwu assessment.

At this moment, an old woman with white hair came over.

"Three, I know a little bit about the Shenwu assessment."

The person who came was Granny Yusang.

To say that she is well-informed, Granny Yusang knows more than the three of them.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

She is a veteran demigod peak powerhouse.

This time, Long Yuan won a big victory, she made a huge profit, and her comprehensive combat power has reached the level of False God.

At the moment, Liu Xuan was curious: "Mother Yusang, do you think our boss can get a super god-level evaluation?"

Granny Yusang smiled bitterly: "I want to get a super god-level evaluation! It's too difficult! Over the years, two people in the Azure Dragon Starfield have received a super-god-level evaluation. One of them is the first powerhouse in the Azure Dragon Star Field— Azure Dragon Domain Lord."

"If the master can get a super god-level evaluation, he will become a peerless power like the 'Blue Dragon Domain Master' in the future! It's a pity! This is too difficult!"

Speaking of which, Granny Yusang was filled with emotion.

Liu Xuan was surprised: "It's so difficult! How can it be possible to get a super god-level evaluation?"

"As far as I know, it is possible to get a super-god-level evaluation if at least the god-killing level is combined, but there is only a 10% chance. Do you know, what level of combined Tao is the master?"

Granny Yusang looked at Liu Xuan.

Liu Xuan frowned: "This is not clear! However, I heard some people say that the boss seems to be a golden anti-god-level co-ordinator!"

Granny Yusang immediately regretted: "Hey! Gold is a god-defying level, which is just one level worse than a god-killing level. It seems that the master is afraid that he will not be able to get a super-god-level evaluation."

Liu Xuan said unwillingly: "That's not necessarily! Our boss is still the son of destiny!"

"Son of Destiny? My God! It turns out that the master is a fortune-teller! That being the case, even if the master is a golden anti-god-level combination, it can still be compared with a god-killer-level combination!"

Liu Xuan's eyes lit up: "You mean, the boss has a 10% chance of getting a super god-level evaluation?"

"exactly!"

Hearing this, Liu Xuan smiled.

He didn't know that his information was wrong.

Qin Feng is not a gold-defying god-level combination, but an emperor-killing god-level combination!

That is a level higher than the god-killing level, not to mention that Qin Feng is still the son of destiny who is favored by heaven!

Chapter 662 Mutation and regeneration! Bright Unicorn!

At this time, Granny Yusang said again: "Actually, even if the master can't get the super **** evaluation, he can definitely get the **** level evaluation!"

"Those star field elders were born with god-level evaluations. All star field elders are super powerful, and they are definitely not comparable to star masters."

Speaking of which, Granny Yusang was filled with emotion.

From her point of view, Qin Feng's ability to obtain a god-level evaluation is already extremely powerful!

Hearing this, Liu Xuan, Granny Feng Qi, and Elder Qishan nodded slightly.

Afterwards, Liu Xuan said: "Whether the boss is a god-level evaluation or a super-god-level evaluation this time, let's wait for his news! It is estimated that within three days, the news will come out."

Elder Qishan also said: "Yeah! Let's not waste time! This time, Tiandao has rewarded us with a lot of resources, let's hurry up and refine it!"

Liu Xuan also said: "Yeah! The boss went to participate in the assessment in advance, just wanted to break through the demigod realm earlier, so that our Longyuan City could be promoted to level 12. In this way, everyone's strength can be greatly increased, and they can be promoted to half-deity. The probability of God Realm will also greatly increase!"

Granny Yusang suddenly said: "So it is! The master is really interested! Then I can't hold back the master, so hurry up and digest those resources!"

"As it should be!"

At the moment, Liu Xuan and others went to retreat one after another.

The same goes for those Longyuan disciples!

Everyone knows that when Qin Feng returns, it will be their turn to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

At the same time, above the starry sky.

The Mirage clone looked at the blue moon star in the distance!

In the next second, his wings shook, and he flew towards the blue moon star.

The orbit of the blue moon star is farther than the red moon star, that is to say, the blue moon star is further away from the blue star realm.

The closest moon star to the Blue Star Realm is the Red Moon Star, on which is the Lingtian Temple, which is the place to participate in the Tianwu assessment.

The second is the Blue Moon Star, on which there is the Temple of Creation, which is the place to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

The farthest is Qingyuexing, on which there is a large interstellar teleportation array, which can lead to the headquarters of Qinglong Starfield.

At the speed of the phantom clone, in just an hour, you can reach the Temple of Creation on the Blue Moon Star.