Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, Mirage 460 clone flew towards the blue moon star

At the same moment, the body of the phantom clone, the zero-degree space, was in the cultivation room.

Qin Feng's mind moved, and more than a hundred fission bodies were separated from his body.

Afterwards, those fission bodies took out various low-grade god-level medicinal pills, sat cross-legged, and began refining.

One of the fission variants even took out the drop of "Golden Dragon Divine Blood" of the middle grade **** rank and started refining.

The rewards he got from Tiandao this time, plus the god-level treasures acquired by the points mall, have reached more than one hundred.

When he consumes all these resources, his strength will definitely increase greatly.

This will be of great benefit to his next divine artifact assessment!

In fact, Qin Feng still has a question in his mind, that is, the evaluation of the Shenwu assessment, is the highest really only the super god-level evaluation?

Shouldn't there be a higher rating?

Just like the martial arts assessment that day, maybe some people know that there is a god-killing-level combination, but it is hard to say whether they know the emperor-battle-god-killing combination.

At this moment, Qin Feng has an idea in his mind, that is, he wants to break everyone's cognition and get a higher evaluation.

In fact, for a peerless existence like the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, it takes tens of billions of years for a star domain to produce one or two.

Tens of billions of years, waiting for the age when the universe was born!

If Qin Feng can surpass the Azure Dragon Domain Master and get a higher evaluation, his future achievements are absolutely unimaginable.

Of course, these are all Qin Feng's own ideas. Whether it can be realized or not depends on the specific assessment.

Right now, the most urgent thing for him is to quickly digest those resources.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng exuded an invisible force field, which instantly enveloped the entire zero-degree space.

His time field is on!

Fifteen times the time flow rate!

Afterwards, he took another seal with his hand!

Om~!

A burst of chirping!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Behind Qin Feng, a huge ghost of the divine book appeared, which was the "Book of the Present World".

Woo~!

Immediately afterwards, the phantom of the divine book cast an invisible force of time and space, which once again blessed the entire zero-degree space.

After a while, the time flow rate of the zero-degree space doubled again, becoming thirty times that of the outside world!

This is equivalent to saying that thirty hours have passed in the zero-degree space in the past one hour from the outside world!

Such a long time was enough for him to digest all the resources.

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

As soon as he thought about it, he put away the phantom of "Book of the Present World".

The Book of Existence not only controls the power of humanity, but also the power of heaven and earth, that is, the power of time and space.

In other words, "Book of the World" has special effects to strengthen Qin Feng's time skills, space skills, and space-time skills.

This is also the result of Qin Feng's latest research.

huh~!

Then, Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he was outside the palace.

What caught his eyes were all kinds of spirit flowers, spirit grasses, spirit trees, and spirit spring wells, and six pavilions.

This is Qin Feng's zero-degree space!

The scenery of the whole space is picturesque, and the concentration of aura is dozens of times that of the outside world, which is very suitable for retreat and practice.

Qin Feng stepped out and came to a huge spiritual tree.

The spiritual tree was as high as 100 zhang, as thick as a bucket, and the spiritual light flowed through the sky, looming twelve rays of brilliance, and gave birth to nine branches.

There is only one leaf on each branch, and there are nine leaves in total, as big as the palm of your hand, green and dripping.

And on each leaf, the illusion of a world emerges, with mountains, rivers, rivers, flowers, fish, birds and beasts.

Nine leaves, holding the nine worlds, are extraordinary!

This is the magical world tree!

Today, the World Tree has changed significantly, it is dozens of times taller than before, and the world manifested on the nine leaves is more clearly visible.

At this moment, Qin Feng observed with joy

[World tree (growth period): the threshold of the high-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth. 】

[Growth progress: 67.3%]

"It has only grown to 67.3%, and it is already the threshold of the high-grade **** rank. If it is fully mature, I am afraid it is the peak of the high-grade **** rank!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and the smile on his face became stronger.

The wonders of heaven and earth at the peak of the high-grade god-rank are more powerful than the artifacts at the peak of the high-grade god-rank.

If the World Tree is fully mature, it will definitely help him a lot!

What an unexpected discovery!

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more satisfied he becomes!

Having said that, the growth of the World Tree has been slow for a long time, because the Sanguang Shenshui has been used up.

Fortunately, this time he bought two drops from the points store.

According to the current growth progress, two drops of Sanguang Divine Water will definitely make the World Tree fully mature.

With this in mind, Qin Feng took out a white jade bottle from the storage ring, and poured out a drop of Sanguang Shenshui.

As soon as the divine water appeared, the rays of light were released, and illusions such as the sun, moon, and stars appeared in it.

With a flick of his index finger, Qin Feng flicked the Shenshui into the root of the tree.

Silk~! Silk~! Silk~!

In the next second, the drop of divine water penetrated into the ground at a speed visible to the naked eye and was absorbed by the roots of the tree.

Om~!

At the same moment, the World Tree lit up with a faint spiritual light, and it actually exuded a faint spiritual fluctuation, which seemed very pleasant.

This divine tree is getting more and more spiritual!

At this time, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded the reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Your World Tree is absorbing Sanguang Shenshui, growth length +1%]

[Your World Tree is absorbing Sanguang Shenshui, growth length +1%]

Qin Feng smiled and turned to leave.

He wants to continue to study the "Book of the Present World"!

So far, he only knew 30% of the Book of the Present World.

Both are wonders of heaven and earth, but there are also high and low points.

Obviously, the Book of the Present World is the most advanced of the wonders of the same order.

It was born from the heaven and the earth, and it can also appear in writing, which is extremely unusual!

In this way, Qin Feng also began to retreat....

At the same time, the White Tiger Star Region, on that barren planet.

Gabriel, Uriel, and Karu were waiting silently beside the teleportation node.

At this moment, Gabriel seemed to sense something, looked up into the distance, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

The person he was waiting for has finally arrived!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Gabriel only had this idea, and there was a huge roar in the starry sky!

Uriel and Karu are shocked!

The two quickly looked up and saw a slender man in the distance coming towards them.

"Sir, someone is here!"

"It won't be our teleportation node, has it been discovered?"

Uriel and Karu were a little flustered.

Their teleportation node is very secretive, on a barren uninhabited planet, it stands to reason that no one should find it.

How can someone appear in such a remote place?

Seeing the two panicked, Gabriel smiled slightly: "Don't be nervous! It's an acquaintance!"

As soon as these words came out, the two of Uriel were slightly taken aback.

Without waiting for them to think about it, someone came to the three of them.

When Uriel and Karu saw the person, they suddenly felt familiar.

"Hey! You... are you Kaxiu?!"

Uriel looked at the person who came!

Karoo also opened his eyes in astonishment!

I saw the appearance of a middle-aged man, dressed in a white robe, with a golden horn on his forehead, and his whole body exuded a holy white light.

From this point of view, the person here is not a human being.

But the aura of combat power it exudes has suddenly reached the initial stage of the main god!

At this moment, the visitor also saw Uriel and Karu.

He smiled and nodded to the two of them.

Then, he respectfully came to Gabriel and bowed.

"Master, Kaxiu is late!"

Gabriel smiled slightly: "You came at the right time! Over the past three thousand years, you have worked hard for you!"

After hearing these words, the two of Uriel were even more surprised.

The person here is really Kaxiu!

It turned out that the man who called himself Kaxiu was a bright unicorn and Gabriel's pet.

Three thousand years ago, Gabriel declared to the public that his pet 'Kaxiu' had disappeared.

At that time, this matter caused quite a stir in the Bright God Realm.

Unexpectedly, it actually showed up today!

At that moment, Uriel asked in shock, "Master Gabriel, didn't you say that Kaxiu was missing?"

Gabriel smiled slightly: "If you don't say that, how can I arrange Kaxiu to guard this teleportation node?"

As soon as these words fell, the two of Uriel suddenly realized.

In other words, if there is no one to guard, this transmission node will inevitably be discovered.

Mr. Gabriel is really thoughtful!

At this time, Gabriel looked at Kaxiu again.

"Kaxiu! Your arrival is just right. With the strength of your Lord God in the initial stage, it is estimated that after a day and a half, you can pass the teleportation node and resist the Blue Star Realm first!"

Hearing this, Uriel's eyes lit up.

They know what Gabriel is planning