Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 663 SSS-level talent! The law of creation!

Immediately, Uriel said: "Master Gabriel, do you want Kaxiu to rush to the Blue Star Realm first?"

Gabriel nodded: "According to that prophecy, the sooner my people arrive at the Blue Star Realm, the better!"

Uriel nodded slowly, expressing understanding.

Then, he smiled and said: "Qin Feng is only at the limit of true gods, let Kaxiu take action, maybe he will have completed the task without us arriving!~"

Gabriel took a deep breath: "That said, I can't be careless about waiting. In short, let Kaxiu arrive first, it's great for me to wait - great benefit!"

Uriel nodded slightly: "That's right! My lord, then I have to say hello to Judas on this matter."

"It's natural!"

As soon as the voice fell, Gabriel took out the message jade and began to input information to it.

At the same time, deep in the forbidden area of ​​the Jewish people.

Judas is still fully recharging the teleportation array.

Jusher was on the side, silently protecting the Dharma.

"Ancestor, what do you think Qin Feng will do in these three days?"

Yusele asked casually.

Judas sneered: "What else can I do? He must be digesting the rewards given by Heavenly Dao! As for his subordinates, it is estimated that many people will participate in the Shenwu assessment!"

Yusele nodded slightly: "That's right! This time, Long Yuan's children have all received 200,000 star combat power rewards. Everyone is qualified to participate in the demigod realm assessment.

"As for Qin Feng, he has already been in the False God realm, and naturally he will not participate in the assessment. By the way, ancestor, what kind of evaluation did you say when Qin Feng was promoted to the False God realm?"

Judas sneered and said, "If you want to see the deity, that kid will be rated as special at best!"

Speaking of this, Judas' eyes showed jealousy.

A special evaluation made him jealous.

He didn't know that Qin Feng was on his way to the Shenwu assessment.

And with Qin Feng's talent, is it more than a special evaluation? !

Om~!

It was at this moment that there was movement on the altar in front.

I saw a white light lit up, and a communication jade talisman appeared in the center of the altar.

"Hey! The master has a message! Xiaolie, see what it is?"

"Um!"

Yusele hurried forward and picked it up to examine it.

After a while, he was surprised.

"Ancestor, your master said that his pet 'Kaxiu' will come early. That Kaxiu is the great power of the Lord God in the early stage!"

Judas was immediately overjoyed: "That's great! One and a half days is enough for the Lord God to come over in the early days. The deity thought that Qin Feng could live three more days. Unexpectedly, he could only live one and a half days!"

Yusele also smiled and said, "Yeah! I'm afraid Qin Feng didn't expect that he would perish before he could finish refining the reward!"

As soon as these words fell, the two of them smiled secretly.

Just when Gabriel and others were operating in the dark, the phantom clone also arrived near the blue moon star.

At this point, the Mirage clone was only a few minutes away from the Temple of Creation.

In that zero-degree space, 29 hours have passed.

At this point, in zero-degree space.

Qin Feng opened his eyes from the meditation, and his face was full of joy.

In these 29 hours, he has gained a lot!

More than a hundred fission bodies have refined more than a hundred pills of low-grade gods.

This made his basic combat power soar to 129 million stars in one fell swoop.

If you count the power of the way, the power of equipment, and the power of sacrifice, it will be even more terrifying.

Of course, this time he went to participate in the Shenwu assessment, and the power of sacrifice is no way to use it.

Having said that, his basic combat power has broken through to 129 million stars, and the combat power of the clone has also reached about 100 million stars, all exceeding the upper limit of the true god's limit.

Of course, the clone does not have the means of Six Prison Suppression and Fa Xiangtiandi, and the overall strength is much worse.

But even so, the three avatars of Moon Spirit, Wood Spirit, and Ice Spirit joined forces, and they were invincible under the Lord God!

"I don't know if the three avatars of Yueling join forces after I break through to the demigod realm, can it be compared to the initial stage of the main god?"

With this in mind, Qin Feng looked at Longyuan City from afar.

He left Longyuan City and left the three clones of Yueling, Wood Spirit, and Bingling to stay behind. Naturally, he hoped that the stronger the three clones, the better.

Qin Feng is also confident that he can break through to the demigod realm in a day.

When he breaks through to the demigod realm, the strength of the three avatars will inevitably skyrocket.

At that time, the three avatars will join forces, I am afraid that they can really be comparable to the initial stage of the main god.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled slightly, and he had some expectations in his heart.

Then, he got up and put away the "Book of the Present World".

After participating in the research for 29 hours, his understanding of "Book of the Present World" has reached 50%, and he has gained a lot.

As soon as the "Book of the Present World" was collected, Qin Feng stepped out and disappeared into the secret room.

The next second, he appeared outside the palace and came to the World Tree again.

Today's World Tree is as high as a thousand feet, as thick as a house, with divine light shining through the sky, and it is extremely majestic!

Looking at the leaves of the World Tree, each piece is as big as a playground, and the illusion of the world on it is becoming more and more real.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was amazed!

In the past twenty-nine hours, the World Tree has undergone such a huge change.

He found that the further the World Tree grew, the greater the changes, and even the speed of absorbing the Sanguang Divine Water was much faster.

The previous drop of Sanguang Divine Water had already been absorbed, and it was the last time to irrigate.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng went to the World Tree...

[World tree (growth period): high-grade gods, heaven and earth wonders. 】

[Growth progress: 97%]

[SSS-level talent is being nurtured - the talent of creation! 】𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

[Reminder: When the growth rate reaches more than 90%, the talent of good luck begins to breed...]

[Reminder: After the World Tree matures, its owner can simultaneously obtain the SSS-level fortune-telling talent! 】

what!

Creation talent!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise.

The World Tree has finally changed again, and it turns out that he can obtain SSS-level fortune-telling talent.

Of course, the role of the World Tree is more than that!

It also has many magical uses, which Qin Feng doesn't know for the time being.

However, he was extremely satisfied that this would allow him to obtain the SSS-level fortune-telling talent.

SSS level talent!

All are extremely powerful!

Qin Feng has few SSS-level talents in total, such as the Six Paths of Reincarnation and the Law of Chaos.

Now, he is about to get the Law of Creation again.

Of course, there are many SSS-level rules that Qin Feng has never seen before.

For example, the law of cause and effect, the law of destiny, the law of creation, etc., all of them are extremely powerful!

"It's only 9.3% short of maturity! This last drop of Sanguang Divine Water should be enough."

Qin Feng looks more and more satisfied!

Then, he took out a white jade bottle, poured out the last drop of Sanguang Divine Water, and bounced it into the root of the tree...

Silk~! Silk~! Silk~!

The last drop of divine water was absorbed by the roots of the tree...

The World Tree lit up with a dazzling white light and emitted cheerful and clear mental fluctuations, as if it was about to come alive!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Your World Tree is absorbing Sanguang Shenshui, growth length +2%]

[Your World Tree is absorbing Sanguang Shenshui, growth length +2%]

...

Knew it!

The further back this divine tree is, the faster it grows!

Before, after World Tree absorbed Sanguang Shenshui, the growth rate per second was 1%, but now it has become 2%.

According to this progress, it is estimated that after ten hours, it will be fully mature!

Of course, these ten hours are the time of zero-degree space.

Converted to outside time, it is about half an hour.

Perhaps, this time he participated in the Shenwu assessment, just in time to use the 'World Tree'!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was even more looking forward to it.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body suddenly roared continuously, his body's blood and blood rapidly soared, and his momentum soared even more!

[Your fission body has refined the blood of the Fire Phoenix God (the peak of the low-grade god-level), and your basic combat power has increased to 130 million stars! 】

[Congratulations on your great progress in bloodline talent, which has reached 99.7% of the peak SSS level...]

[Reminder: When the bloodline talent progress reaches 1%, you can be promoted to the SSS level limit]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng raised his head in surprise and looked at his palace.

This time, he had basically finished digesting the resources, and there were only two drops of divine blood left.

A drop is the blood of the fire and phoenix gods at the peak of the low-grade **** order!

One drop is the golden dragon blood of the middle grade **** rank!

Now, the Fire Phoenix God's blood has been refined, and his bloodline talent has reached 99.7%, and he is only a last inch away from breaking through to the SSS level limit.

If his bloodline talent breakthrough is successful, Faxiang Tiandi will definitely go a step further.

This will be of great help to his next assessment.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand, a white light flashed in front of him, a fission body appeared, and took the initiative to integrate into his body.

Then, he looked up at the palace with anticipation in his eyes.

Now, there is only the last fission variant left, which is still refining the golden dragon blood.

huh~!

Also at this moment, a white light flashed beside him, and a beautiful and slender figure appeared out of thin air.

The person here is Yu Xuanji!

"Owner!"