Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Yu Xuanji smiled when he saw Qin Feng.

She has fair complexion and beautiful facial features!

That smile, like a hundred flowers blooming, is pleasing to the eye.

"You're out too!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly and looked at the woman in front of him.

Seeing this, his eyes showed a look of relief.

This time out of the retreat, Yu Xuanji's combat power broke through to 6.5 million stars, reaching the peak level of False God, which made him very satisfied.

Such strength, in the Shenwu assessment, should be able to get a very high evaluation.

"Master, the concubine has already left the customs! Just now, the concubine sensed that your blood has skyrocketed, and your breath is covering the sky. Could it be that the master's blood talent has broken through?"

Obviously, Yu Xuanji was very concerned about this issue.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "It's still a little bit worse!"

"Oh!"

Yu Xuanji felt a little regretful.

Afterwards, she blushed slightly and said, "Master, my concubine's talent in the Xuanwu bloodline has been upgraded to SS rank this time, which will help you even more. If the master needs it, you can always do it."

Having said that, Yu Xuanji's pretty face turned even redder.

That secret technique is a secret that she and Qin Feng tacitly know.

Qin Feng smiled: "Next time! It's not suitable now! If you use that secret technique, it will damage your bloodline talent. Now, you are also assessed soon, so don't damage it!"

In fact, even if Qin Feng did not have the help of Yu Xuanji, his bloodline talent would definitely be able to break through.

His golden dragon blood is about to be refined.

Yu Xuanji blushed and wanted to say something.

But at this moment, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and smiled: "Finally arrived at the Temple of Creation!"

As soon as the voice fell, he turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air.

Chapter 664 The first star field! Road Guard Seal!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in the outside world.

I saw lush greenery all around, full of towering ancient trees!

Blue Moon Star is also a vibrant little planet.

Qin Feng looked up and looked forward, a towering temple with a height of hundreds of millions of feet, shrouded in endless white mist, only the top of the temple could be seen, but not all of its appearance.

However, the top of the temple was shrouded in rays of light, shining brightly, making it extremely sacred!

"That should be the Temple of Creation! Why is it shrouded in white mist?"

Qin Feng was puzzled.

Then, he waved his hand, and the white light flashed in front of him!

Di Jiang, Jumang, Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi appeared one after another.

"Owner!"

"dad!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they were all delighted.

Afterwards, they looked around and found that they had reached Blue Moon Star.

"Hey! Dad, the temple of creation should be ahead, right? Why is the temple surrounded by white fog?"

Xiao Luan'er looked at the white fog in front of her with a puzzled face.

Qin Feng shook his head slightly.

He doesn't know either!

At this moment, Yu Xuanji's voice sounded.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Master, these are phantom fogs! As long as you enter the fog, you will fall into a phantom realm, and only your divine sense can break it! Only we emit divine sense, and all illusions will fade away!"

Qin Feng suddenly said: "So it is! It seems that this is the first assessment of the Heavenly Dao. If there is no spiritual consciousness born, you are not qualified to step into the Temple of Creation."

Yu Xuanji smiled and nodded: "That's true! Although the strength reaches the limit of the peak of the sky, and the level reaches 60, you have the authority to participate in the lower-level divine martial arts assessment, but in fact, you still need to have divine sense."

"If you don't have spiritual awareness, you are not qualified to step into the temple. You also don't have the right to participate in the assessment."

As soon as these words fell, everyone suddenly smiled and smiled.

They all have divine consciousness, and this level is not a problem for them at all.

Afterwards, Xiao Luan'er frowned again: "As far as I know, most of the peak heaven-level powerhouses are not born with divine consciousness. So, wouldn't those people be able to participate in the divine martial arts assessment in their entire lives?"

Yu Xuanji nodded: "Indeed! In this world, there will eventually be some people who will never be able to break through to the demigod realm, and will always be stuck in the heavenly realm!"

As soon as the voice fell, everyone nodded slightly.

Feng Xi looked sad and said, "Master, the strength of our Long Yuan's children is above the demigod realm, but there are still one-third of the children who have not been born with spiritual consciousness. So, if they don't, they will participate. Can't the Divine Martial Examination?"

Qin Feng pondered: "I will find a way! Don't think about those first, let's go to the hall!"

"Yes!"

The people took orders.

At this time, Yu Xuanji reminded again: "Master, concubine, say another word. From the moment you step into the illusion, until you enter the temple passage, the shorter the time spent, the greater the benefits."

Qin Feng was taken aback: "What's the benefit?"

Yu Xuanji smiled bitterly: "I don't know about the concubine body! It's just a rumor, and I don't know if it's true or not. When the concubine body entered, she did her best and rushed in at the fastest speed, but she didn't get any benefit."

"However, since there is this rumor, I'm afraid it's not the wind, you can try it."

Qin Feng suddenly became interested: "Then try! Maybe, there will be some surprises! Let's go!"

With a wave of Qin Feng's hand, he retracted the phantom mirage into the zero-degree space, and then flew directly into the phantom fog.

Feng Xi and the others followed closely behind!

huh~!

In just a moment, Qin Feng got into the magic fog!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as he stepped into the phantom fog, the surroundings were shocked.

Heaven also sent a reminder...

【You have stepped into the phantom fog formation! Time to start now:]

At the moment of prompting, the scene around Qin Feng changed, the white fog disappeared, and the temple in the distance was also invisible.

The surroundings turned into a starry sky, with endless darkness everywhere, no stars could be seen, let alone Feng Xi and others.

At this moment, the phantom formation was activated!

Om~!

Qin Feng only thought about it, and his consciousness exploded instantly!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a moment, the surrounding illusions were shattered, and the thick fog dissipated.

At that moment, Qin Feng saw a white door of light in the depths of the thick fog, which was the entrance to the Temple of Creation.

What surprised him was that when he looked outside, the temple didn't seem to be far from the white fog border.

But after entering the illusion, the entrance to the temple he saw was thousands of miles away from him.

And his current teleportation limit is 6 miles. If he wants to teleport, he will rush to the entrance, which is almost impossible.

He needs to teleport twice in a row!

However, the teleportation skill has a cooling time, and it cannot be teleported continuously, which is a waste of his time.

but…

Om~!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and a huge projection of the divine book suddenly appeared behind him, which was the book of this world.

The present book is out!

The power of space law is doubled!

Qin Feng's space skills were instantly strengthened!

huh~!

A white light flashed!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he teleported thousands of miles away, and directly got into the entrance of the temple!

roar~!

As soon as Qin Fengcai stepped into the entrance of the temple, there was a huge beast rushing towards him.

That is the guardian spirit beast of the temple!

The momentum it exudes suddenly reached the limit of the peak of the sky!

Obviously, it takes two levels to break into the temple.

The first level is a test of consciousness!

The first level is that the combat power reaches the peak limit of the sky!

roar~!

In the blink of an eye, the spirit beast rushed forward!

Qin Feng raised his eyes slightly, looked over with one look, and an invisible spiritual force was crushed away!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The guardian spirit beast burst into flames!

It was instantly crushed by Qin Feng's look.

The next breath, Tiandao will send a reminder

[Killed the guardian spirit beast of the temple successfully! Congratulations on passing the entrance examination! 】

[From now on, you can freely enter and exit the Temple of Creation. 】

A golden light descended from the sky and fell into Qin Feng's body, which seemed to have opened the qualification for entering the hall.

huh~!

In the next second, Qin Feng will turn into white light and disappear into the entrance hall.

Qin Feng only felt that the sky was spinning for a while, and the surrounding white light was not spinning for a short time.

he is being teleported

Moments later, he was on his feet and found himself entering a huge hallway.

On both sides of the corridor are hundreds of millions of feet of high walls, which are engraved with various patterns of nebulae, galaxies, black holes, and the origin of the universe!

What is even more shocking is that there are also carvings of various gods, whose bodies are as large as a galaxy, and their mouths swallow stars.

There are even some patterns, which are towering giants, holding slowly rotating galaxies in the palm of their hands, and some are even an initial universe!

Those murals are amazing and shocking!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Longyuan Announcement: The city lord Qin Feng has entered the Temple of Creation, becoming the first challenger in the Blue Star Realm to enter the temple, and has received a +1 reputation reward. 】

[Reminder: The top three challengers in each astral world who enter the Temple of Creation will have prestige rewards. 】