Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[The examiner Qin Feng was detected, and it took 1.3 seconds to complete the challenge to enter the hall. Become the fastest assessor who has completed the entrance examination in the history of the Blue Star Realm. 】

[Congratulations to the examiner Qin Feng, who won the first place in the Blue Star Realm entrance examination, 5 points of prestige, and 3 points of Shenwu evaluation points. 】

[Shenwu evaluation score: the score in the Shenwu assessment; the higher the total score, the higher the evaluation level obtained]

[Reminder: You can only get rewards if you enter the top three in the history of the Blue Star Realm]

Boom~!

Hearing this news, Qin Feng was surprised!

Before he officially started, he got 3 points for the evaluation of the fetish, which is really an unexpected gain!

No wonder Yu Xuanji said that the sooner you enter the temple, the better.

Unexpectedly, this is indeed the case!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Thinking about it, this ranking is the ranking since the birth of the Blue Star Realm, not the ranking of millions of years, tens of millions of years.

With such a calculation, the number of people who come to participate in the entrance examination is probably in the hundreds of millions, or even billions.

It is not surprising that he can win the first place in so many assessments, and Tiandao will reward him!

It's just that Qin Feng didn't expect that he would get points before he took part in the formal assessment.

This is really a good start!

But before Qin Feng was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Detecting the examiner Qin Feng, it took 1.3 seconds to complete the challenge to enter the hall, becoming the fastest assessor to complete the entrance examination in the history of the Azure Dragon Starfield]

[Congratulations to the examiner Qin Feng, who won the first place in the Qinglong Starfield entrance examination, +1 prestige, +10 Shenwu evaluation points]

[Reminder: You can only get rewards if you enter the top ten in the history of the Azure Dragon Starfield]

Uh~!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

He didn't expect that there would be a reward!

Even better, he took 1.3 seconds to win the first place in the star field.

Still the first ever!

In other words, the Azure Dragon Domain Master was not as good as him back then!

At this thought, Qin Feng was amazed!

Before this assessment began, he received an additional 13 points of Shenwu evaluation.

According to this rhythm, he is very hopeful to get a higher evaluation than the super **** level!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the next assessment.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[It is detected that you are the 'Supreme Sky Surveyor' and your reputation has reached 15,000. 】

[Congratulations on meeting the conditions, automatically activate the new title task! 】

[New Title - Dao Protector]

[Promotion requirements: The basic combat power reaches 150 million stars. 】

[Reminder: If the new title is promoted successfully, you will get a very generous reward! 】

[Reminder: In the Shenwu assessment, the higher the level of various titles, the more additional evaluation points you can get! 】

What a joyous event!

A previous reward made his reputation reach 15,000 points without realizing it, and actually activated the new title quest!

This makes Qin Feng very happy!

At the same time, he discovered an even more surprising thing.

That is, in the Shenwu assessment, those who have titles will receive additional evaluation points.

He not only has a title, but also has two titles.

One is the Supreme Sky Surveyor!

One is the Son of Destiny!

Looking at it like this, the Shenwu assessment is too beneficial to him!

This is simply God's special favor for him!

I'm afraid that the Azure Dragon Domain Master doesn't have this half of the treatment!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sigh of relief!

huh~!

At this moment, a white light flashed beside him!

A white and tender little cute baby, who appeared out of thin air, is that Dijiang!

Di Jiang has mastered the SS-level space-time law, and mastered the S-level escape law, and he is known for his speed!

Its comprehensive combat power has reached 90,000 stars, and its strength ranks first among the messengers.

He will appear second, Qin Feng is not surprised at all!

"dad!"

Di Jiang smiled when he saw Qin Feng.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

Chapter 665 Score again and again! People are amazed!

[Longyuan Announcement: Renjue Dijiang has entered the Temple of Creation, becoming the second challenger in the Blue Star Realm to enter the temple, and has received a +1 reputation reward. 】

[Detecting the assessor Di Jiang, it took 3.7 seconds to complete the challenge to enter the hall. Become the second examiner to complete the entrance examination in the history of the Blue Star Realm. 】

[Congratulations to the examiner, Di Jiang, who won the second place in the Blue Star Realm entrance examination, gained 3 reputation points, and obtained 2 Shenwu evaluation points. 】

Boom~!

The news is out!

Dijiang is full of surprises!

Qin Feng also heard the prompt and couldn't help showing a relieved smile.

He could hear the prompt, and that was because he was the master of Dijiang.

"Dad! Dad! I got 2 Shenwu points?"

Di Jiang said in a milky voice, his tone full of excitement.

"Well done little guy!"

Qin Feng pinched the little guy's face dotingly.

The little guy is about three years old, with collagen on his face, cute and cute.

"Thank you dad!"

Being praised by Qin Fengyi, Di Jiang was very happy.

"Little Emperor, didn't you get a star-level ranking reward?"

Qin Feng asked curiously.

Di Jiang looked at a loss: "No! Dad, there are also star-level rewards?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly, secretly thinking that Dijiang should not have entered the top ten of the star field, so there is no star field reward.

Having said that, Di Jiang's strength is extremely strong, and his speed is also extremely fast. It only took 3.7 seconds to complete the entire entrance examination.

This result has been excellent!

But even so, he failed to enter the top ten in the star field!

It seems that the players who can enter the top ten of Starfield 08 are extremely unusual!

huh~!

At this moment, the white light flashed again!

There is another little cute baby next to Qin Feng!

Jumang is here too!

As soon as Jumang appeared, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Longyuan announcement: Renju Jumang has entered the Temple of Creation, becoming the third challenger in the Blue Star Realm to enter the temple, and has received a +1 reputation reward. 】

[Detecting the examiner Jumang, it took 5.4 seconds to complete the challenge of entering the temple. He became the third examiner to complete the entrance examination in the history of the Blue Star Realm. 】

[Congratulations to the examiner, Jumang, who won the third place in the Blue Star Realm entrance examination, 2 points of prestige, and 1 point of Shenwu evaluation points. 】

"dad!"

When Jumang heard Tiandao's prompt, he was both surprised and excited.

Qin Feng also looked at him with a smile.

Today, Jumang's comprehensive combat power has reached 8.2 million stars, and he has grown up a lot, and he looks like a five- or six-year-old cute baby.

"Dad, I've got 1 Shenwu point!"

Jumang said happily.

"You and Di Jiang are doing well!"

Qin Feng petted his little head and felt relieved.

Although Di Jiang and Jumang didn't get the star field ranking, both of them entered the top three in the Blue Star Realm.

In other words, in the history of the Blue Star Realm, apart from him, no one has ever been better than these two little guys.

Even without Qin Feng, these two little guys have the potential to become star masters.

The star master is equivalent to a prince, controlling a planet is a remarkable existence.

You must know that the Blue Star Realm has not yet been able to give birth to a true star master before Qin Feng appeared.

"Dad, where's my sister?"

Jumang looked around with concern.

He is worried about Xiao Luan'er.

"Wait! She's not here yet!"

Qin Feng smiled.

Before long, a white light flashed in the field.

Feng Xi appeared.

This time, there is no hint of heaven.

Feng Xi spent more than 10 seconds and did not get the Shenwu points.

But this result, really ranked, has been able to rank fourth in the Blue Star Realm, surpassing all the testers of the Blue Star Realm.

"Owner!"

When Feng Xi saw Qin Feng, she hurriedly saluted.

That beautiful face has a dignified temperament.

It's just that the way she looked at Qin Feng always contained an unspoken love.

Having said that, Feng Xi's current combat power has reached 6.9 million stars, which is also extremely powerful.

"Master, you are indeed the first to arrive. There are also Di Jiang and Xiaoju, who are much faster than me!"

Feng Xi looked at Di Jiang with admiration again.

The two little guys suddenly showed a smug look.