Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Their minds are children, and when they are praised, they are delighted.

Di Jiang said proudly: "Sister Fengxi, I got 2 points of Shenwu!"

Feng Xi was surprised: "Hey! There are still Divine Martial Points in this hall entrance examination?"

Shenwu points are Shenwu evaluation points!

That is extremely difficult to obtain.

Generally speaking, it can only be obtained when the formal examination is carried out.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "As long as you enter the temple and get the first place in the Blue Star Realm, you will get 3 points of Shenwu. If you are the first in the star field, you will get 10 points of Shenwu."

Qin Feng briefly recounted his previous experience!

After Feng Xi heard it, she was both surprised and delighted!

"It turns out that what Sister Xuanji said is true! Congrats to the master! You have just entered the temple, and you have already obtained 13 points of divine martial arts. According to such a progress rule, you are very hopeful to get a super god-level evaluation!"

Having said that, Feng Xi looked at Qin Feng with more admiration.

"Wow! Dad! You are amazing! You won the first place in the Star Region!"

Di Jiang and Jumang are even more full of admiration.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Next, the four continued to wait.

It didn't take long for Xiao Luan'er, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi to arrive one after another.

Today, Xiao Luan'er's combat power has reached 6.6 million stars, and Qiyue's has reached 630, all of which are not weak.

There is also Yu Xuanji's combat power, which has also broken 7.5 million.

That is to say, the combat power of Qin Feng's six messengers has accumulated about 30,000 stars, which can give Qin Feng a combat power of about 20,000 stars.

20,000 stars!

This is a huge improvement!

Of course, if Feng Xi and others are promoted to the False God realm, then the battle power to sacrifice to Qin Feng will be more.

This is what Qin Feng is very much looking forward to!

Soon, he will fight against God's body, and he needs to improve his strength urgently.

The breakthrough of Feng Xi and others will also be very crucial for him to win that battle.

"Is everyone here?"

Qin Feng asked casually.

"Dad, Sister Xuanji didn't come!"

Xiao Luan'er looked around.

Just then, footsteps came from the end of the corridor.

Everyone followed the sound and saw a beautiful figure, coming from the end, it was Yu Xuanji.

"Master, you came in so soon!"

Yu Xuanji quickly approached.

It turned out that she was already a demigod contestant, and she did not need to enter the hall for assessment, she was teleported to the end of the hall corridor when she entered.

"It seems that everyone is here! Let's go!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng took the lead and walked towards the main hall.

The girls followed.

Yu Xuanji approached Qin Feng intimately.

"Master, you can hurry up and get there, can you gain anything?"

Qin Feng turned to look at her: "Thank you for your reminder! It's really rewarding!"Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Master, what's the harvest?"

Yu Xuanji looked curious.

Qin Feng smiled without saying a word.

Feng Xi leaned forward and said with a smile, "Master this time won the first place in the Star Region!"

At the moment, she said what happened before.

The girls were amazed!

Yu Xuanji was even more elated!

really!

Her master is not ordinary!

According to such a rhythm, the master really has hope, like the Azure Dragon Domain Master, to get a super god-level evaluation.

Not only did she think so, but Long Yuan had the same wish.

But Qin Feng's idea is that he wants to win a higher evaluation than the super **** level!

Soon, the group reached the end of the corridor, and Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Reminder: You have entered the Hall of Creation Hall, and fighting is prohibited here. 】

Qin Feng looked up and saw an incomparably magnificent hall!

The hall was very lively, with people of all ages, men and women, and the number of people reached hundreds of thousands, like an incomparably huge square!

If you look more closely, you will find that most of them are powerhouses at the peak of the sky, a small number are powerhouses in the demigod realm, and very few are powerhouses in the virtual **** realm.

As for the appearance and skin color of those people, they are all kinds of strange, and even monsters with animal heads and human bodies.

As soon as a peerless son like Qin Feng appeared, it attracted the attention of many female players.

Behind Qin Feng, Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, and Qi Yue are all beautiful women, and they also attract a lot of attention.

However, the most eye-catching ones were Di Jiang, Jumang, and Xiao Luan'er.

"Hey! Look at those people! Why did they bring three children in?"

"Yeah! One looks like three years old, one looks like five years old, and one looks like ten years old. How did these children come in?"

"Is it possible that these three children also have a strength of 610 at the peak of the sky?"

"Haha! Without such strength, can they come in?"

"Yes! It seems that these three children are very difficult!"

"That's for sure!"

At this moment, most people's eyes fell on the three of Di Jiang, all of them looked a little unnatural.

Some people even showed a trace of respect when they looked at the three of them.

There was no contempt for them because of their young age.

Can the contestants who can pass the entrance examination and enter the Creation Hall be comparable to ordinary heaven-level powerhouses?

What's more, these three little guys are so young, they are peerless geniuses at first sight!

This made the players have to pay attention to the three of Dijiang!

On the contrary, many fewer people pay attention to Qin Feng.

In these many killing worlds, strong strength is more attractive and respected than handsome appearance.

"Dad! Dad! There are so many people here!"

At this time, Di Jiang said in a milky voice.

He was rendered by the lively atmosphere in front of him, and he was inexplicably excited!

"Dad, look at that man with two heads! So ugly!"

Kumang said without hesitation.

Qin Feng is a little embarrassed. His children are too young, so he just doesn't pay attention when he speaks.

"Small sentence, don't say that! Impolite!"

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly spoke out to educate.

"Oh! Got it, sister!"

Jumang nodded obediently.

Seeing this scene, many people showed a sudden color.

"It turns out that this good-looking young man is the father of these three children!"

"Then this young man who is a father is not very good! You can see that his realm is only heavenly. He actually participated in the assessment with three children, which shows that his qualifications are not as good as his own children!"

"Yes! The talent and talent are compared by their own children. It's too shameless to be a father!"

The crowd in front murmured.

Many people looked at Qin Feng with inexplicable contempt.

In their opinion, fathers are inferior to children, and they lose face somewhat.

Hearing those gossip, Qin Feng was speechless.

Those people naturally don't know that among the group, Qin Feng is the most terrifying existence, and it is so terrifying that they can't imagine.

Chapter 666 Change of direction reward! Shenwu Treasure Pavilion!

Qin Feng is naturally too lazy to pay attention to those people.

"Master, there are so many people here! There are more people than in Lingtian Temple!"

At this time, Feng Xi couldn't help but sigh.

As soon as these words fell, Yu Xuanji took over with a smile.

"Sister Fengxi, the Lingtian Temple is shared by three star regions. This creation temple is shared by a hundred star regions, so there will naturally be more people. Here, you can see all kinds of people. You can see all kinds of geniuses, and don’t underestimate anyone!”

Feng Xi suddenly said: "So it is! By the way, why are there so few False God realm powerhouses here?"

Yu Xuanji smiled and said, "This is the Hall of Creation, the place where the demigod realm is assessed. Only when you are promoted to the demigod realm are you eligible to enter the Hall of Fortune."

"And the Hall of Fortune is the place where the False God realm is assessed. There are many False God realm powerhouses there, and there are even true gods."

As soon as these words fell, everyone was stunned!

Qin Feng's heart moved: "Miss Xuanji, if you want to go to the assessment, you are going to the Hall of Fortune?"

Yu Xuanji nodded: "Yes, master! However, the concubine is not in a hurry. I will wait for the master to complete the assessment, and then go to the Hall of Fortune. After all, the master is here for the first time, and all the unfamiliar places can be introduced by the concubine!"

Yu Xuanji's mind has been completely put on Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "We can see the rules of the temple from the monument. If you stay here and wait, it will also waste your time. Besides, the sooner you complete the assessment, the better. Longyuan City is still waiting for us to go back and wait. !"

"My concubine understands! I'll go to the temple of good fortune!"

At the moment, Yu Xuanji smiled and retired.

At this moment, there were some muttering sounds from the crowd not far away.

"Look at the young man, there are three stunning beauties. They look at the young man with some admiration. It seems that the relationship is very close!"

"Yeah! That guy is the father of those three children, why did he hook up with three stunning beauties. Could it be that those three children were born to those three women?"

"What do you mean, the three women are the wives of the young man, and then the three women each gave birth to a child?"

"Yeah! Don't you think this is just right!"

In the crowd, many female players were chewing their tongues.

They seem to be very interested in this gossip.

It's just that their voices were very low, but they couldn't hide from Qin Feng and others' ears.

Yu Xuanji, Feng Xi, and Qi Yue all blushed slightly after hearing this, thinking that those people were really gossip.