Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Especially Qiyue, she has grown up now, but she is about nineteen years old, with the breath of a young girl, where does it look like she has given birth to a child?

Those long-tongued women can really make up!

Inexplicably, she was called the mother of the child!

However, she didn't dare to be disgusted at all when she said that she was one of the master's wives.

"Let's go! Let's go and see the assessment rules!"

At this time, Qin Feng urged.

He didn't want to stand at the entrance of the hall and be talked about by some boring people.

No way, their group is too unique.

The men are handsome, the women are all beautiful, and the children are even more beautiful. It is difficult not to attract attention.

Immediately, Yu Xuanji retreated and went to the Temple of Fortune alone.

Qin Feng and his party walked towards a **** monument not far away.

That is the God of Rules!

There is an introduction to the Shenwu assessment!

At this moment, there are a bunch of people around the stele, all of them are peak heavenly powerhouses, obviously all of them are players who have come to participate in the assessment.

Looking at the appearance of those people, half of them looked like old people, and most of the rest looked like middle-aged people.

As for young people, less than 10%! There is not even a child.

The arrival of Qin Feng and his party naturally caused a commotion.

This group is too young, especially Di Jiang's three children.

Thinking about it, it is also possible to cultivate to the peak of the sky and awaken the consciousness. Most of them can only do it after practicing for many years. It is rare to achieve such an achievement when you are young.

However, those people just turned their attention back to the stele with a slight disturbance.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Shenwu assessment is what they focus on!

Qin Feng and others ignored the crowd and looked carefully at the information on the tablet.

I saw that on the stele, there were all mysterious and complicated divine inscriptions, but it could make people understand the meaning at a glance...

The more Qin Feng looked at, the more delighted he felt. He felt that the assessment rules this time had some meaning and were really suitable for him.

There were some complaints in the crowd.

"Hey! What's going on with this Shenwu assessment? You need to obtain Shenwu points before you can go to the 'Shenbao Pavilion' to buy treasures!"

"Yeah! This is different from the Tianwu assessment! During the Tianwu assessment, you can go to Lingyun Pavilion to buy treasures before the assessment. In this Shenwu assessment, you must have a certain level of Shenwu points before you can buy it!"

"Yeah! You still need 10 Shenwu points to have one purchase right!"

"If I have 10 Divine Martial Points, I can get a low-level evaluation and be promoted to the demigod realm. Do I still need to watch here?"

"Yeah! Ninety percent of the contestants who came to participate in the assessment won't get 10 points of divine artefacts, and they won't reach the lower grades. They are destined to be stuck at the top of the sky for a lifetime. This is good. Not even a single treasure can do it!"

"Hey! It seems that the treasures of the Shenbao Pavilion are destined to be enjoyed by the demigods!"

"Yeah! This is so frustrating!"

"However, having said that, the treasures in the 'Sacred Treasure Pavilion' are all god-level treasures! The worst are demigods."

"My God! Is it so good? My friend, if you say that, this old man really wants to buy it! Unfortunately, this old man only got 5 points in this assessment, and he is destined to be stuck in the heaven-level realm for the rest of his life. !"

As soon as these words fell, the crowd sighed.

Many people are showing a sad look!

The divine artifact assessment is too difficult!

Ninety percent of the players can't even get ten points, that is, they can't get a low-level evaluation.

If you can't get the evaluation of the lowest price level, it means that the assessment has failed, and naturally you will not get any benefits.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up when he heard this.

He now has 13 Shenwu points!

In other words, he now has the authority to go to the ‘Shenbao Pavilion’ to buy treasures.

Listening to what these people mean, there are so many treasures in the 'Sacred Treasure Pavilion'!

"Dad, we've finished reading the rules!"

"Master, where are we going next?"

At this time, Xiao Luan'er and others had already read the rules.

Qin Feng pondered for a while: "You guys go to the assessment first! I'll go to the 'Shenbao Pavilion' to see!"

"Okay, Dad!"

"Yes! Master!"

Xiao Luan'er and the others happily agreed.

They couldn't wait to go to the examination.

"Luan'er, take care of Dijiang and Xiaoju, they are still young, don't let them run around."

"Got it, Dad! I'll take care of my two younger brothers!"

Xiao Luan'er agreed.

After a while, Xiao Luan'er and his party left happily

Seeing several children leave, Qin Feng also showed a relieved smile.

Afterwards, he planned to go to Shenbao Pavilion to have a look.

At this moment, the voice of a white-haired old woman sounded beside him.

"Young man, those three are your children?"

"Yeah!" Qin Feng responded casually.

"Young man, you are really amazing! You are so young, and you have three such excellent children. Are you not afraid of being compared by your children?"

Qin Feng smiled, did not speak, and walked directly to the direction of Shenbao Pavilion.

"Hey~! Young man. That direction is Shenbao Pavilion. You haven't been assessed yet. What are you going to do in Shenbao Pavilion? You have to get 10 points of Shenwu before you can buy it."

The white-haired old woman kindly reminded.

Qin Feng smiled: "I know!"

As soon as the voice fell, he walked away without looking back.

"This young man is really"

The white-haired old woman shook her head slightly, unable to understand Qin Feng's behavior.

She can be sure that Qin Feng has not participated in the Shenwu assessment, because Qin Feng does not have an assessment token in his hand.

The Shenwu assessment is divided into many items.

If during the assessment process, if the points reach 10 points, you can take the token at any time and go to the ‘Shenbao Pavilion’ to buy treasures.

A lot of players do this!

After all, when you buy treasures, you will not lose any points and will not affect any evaluation in the later stage. Instead, you can buy god-level treasures and greatly improve your strength.

This will greatly benefit their subsequent assessments!

Therefore, as long as the points are in place and they have the right to buy, those players will go to the Shenbao Pavilion to buy treasures.

In fact, those who can achieve this level are all excellent players.

The vast majority of players, until all the assessment items are over, can't collect 10 points, let alone buy treasures.

In other words, this is Tiandao changing directions to reward outstanding players!

And Qin Feng is the best of the best. Even if he hasn't been assessed, he has the right to buy treasures.

That being the case, why didn't he choose to get some treasures, improve his strength, and then go to the assessment.

In the same way, it will greatly benefit his assessment results.

Just now, he read the assessment rules.

One of the tests is the title test.

Those who have the title will be able to get the Shenwu points.

The higher the title level, the more points you get.

And he just activated the new title task - Dao Protector!

That is a more advanced title than 'Supreme Sky Surveyor'!

Naturally, he must be promoted to the title first, and then go to the test, so that he can get more Shenwu points.

To be promoted to Guardian, you need a basic combat power of 150 million stars.

He is currently only 130 million stars.

This is going to the 'Shenbao Pavilion' to see if there are any treasures that can quickly improve their strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards Shenbao Pavilion

Soon, he arrived at a door of light, which led to the Shenbao Pavilion.

Qin Feng raised his foot and stepped in!

After a while, his feet were firm, and he entered a huge hall.

There are only hundreds of people in front of them, far fewer than the people outside.

Obviously, the players who have the right to buy treasures are in the minority after all.

Looking closely at these buyers, 90% of them are demigod players, and only 10% are heaven-level players.

And those Heaven-level players, each holding an assessment token.

As long as you participate in the first assessment, Tiandao will automatically issue an assessment token.

After all project assessments are over, Tiandao will take away the tokens and give corresponding evaluations and rewards based on the points in the tokens.

As for those demigod players, they are all empty-handed and have no tokens.

These people have completed all the assessments of the inferior gods and martial arts, and the tokens have been taken away by Tiandao, so naturally there are no tokens.

However, as long as they press the rune array on the altar with one hand, Tiandao can also count their assessment points and give them the corresponding purchase authority.

In the same way, Qin Feng doesn't have a token. As long as he presses the rune array with one hand, he can also count his points.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to a nearby altar.

Chapter 667 Unexpected joy! The source of divine power!

At this moment, next to the altar, there is a heaven-level player who takes his assessment order out of the rune array on the altar.

The contestant was a white-faced and beardless man in a green robe, with a refined temperament and a hint of pride in his expression.

At this moment, he had a smile on his face.

Just now, he bought the treasure he wanted, and he was overjoyed.

After picking up the token, the man in green robe was about to turn around and leave...

It was at this moment that he saw Qin Feng standing behind him.

what!

This person is also in the realm of heaven!

The man in green robe looked at Qin Feng curiously and slowed down.

Those who could score 10 points without participating in the last assessment were the top players among the players.

Contestants who participated in the final assessment had to hand over their tokens to enter the final examination room.

At the end of the last assessment, there are only two results, one is promoted to the demigod realm, and the other is eliminated.