Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Those who are promoted to the demigod realm can naturally come to shop for treasures.

Those who were eliminated meant that the total points did not reach 10 points, and naturally they were not eligible to shop for treasures.

In short, less than one percent of the contestants who can get 10 points without participating in the last assessment.

The man in green robe in front of him is one of them!

As players who pride themselves on being excellent, there is a sense of comparison between them.

At this moment, the man in green robe is very curious, Qin Feng has assessed several items and got 10 points!

He only got 10 points after only three items were assessed, which is very good!

I wonder if the young man in front of him can compare to himself?

Thinking of this, the man in green robe stopped and waited for Qin Feng to take out the assessment token.

It can be seen from the assessment token that Qin Feng has completed several assessments.

At this moment, Qin Feng walked to the altar.

The white altar is only half a person high, and there are two rune 363 formations on it!

A rune array with a groove in the center, which can be put into the assessment token, which is used by the sky-level players.

A rune formation with a palm print in the center, which is used by demigod players without tokens.

Qin Feng hesitated for a while, then stretched out his right hand and pressed it on the palm print rune array...

Seeing this scene, the blue-robed man was a little stunned!

Isn't this guy a heavenly player?

How did he choose the palm print rune formation?

Shouldn't it be a grooved rune array?

Just when the man in Qingpao was puzzled, another footstep sounded!

I saw a bearded, dark-faced, rude-looking strong man walking over.

Shockingly, the black-faced brawny is a demigod player.

As soon as he approached, he saw Qin Feng, who was about to press the palm print rune array.

The strong man hurriedly stopped him angrily: "Hey! Friends, you chose the wrong rune array. You heaven-level players, you should take out the assessment order and put it into the groove rune next to it."

The man in green robe also echoed: "Yeah! My friend, you did it wrong!"

Qin Feng couldn't help looking at the two and said, "I don't have a token!"

As soon as these words came out, the two were stunned!

Then, the black-faced strong man frowned: "You don't have a token? Haven't you participated in the assessment yet?"

Qin Feng nodded casually.

The strong man suddenly said annoyed: "You didn't even participate in the assessment, so why are you running to join in the fun! Hurry up and let it go! The deity wants to buy treasures, don't delay the deity's time!"

Having said that, he waved his hand with disgust, and asked Qin Feng to make way for him!

Qin Feng felt unhappy: "I came first, why should I let you?"

The strong man was annoyed: "Do you have Shenwu points? You don't even have any points, so what are you shopping for?"

Qin Feng sneered: "How do you know that I don't have Shenwu points in my hands?"

The strong man sneered: "It's still guessing? The Shenwu points can only be obtained by participating in the assessment! You didn't even participate in one assessment, where did you get the points?"

Naturally, this strong man didn't know that Qin Feng got 13 points of Shenwu in the entrance examination.

That is also the highest score that can be obtained in the entrance examination!

But such a situation can only be seen in tens of billions of years!

And the person who can do it is definitely the first enchanting genius in the history of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

Who would have thought that he could meet such an enchanting genius!

The strong man never thought of it.

The blue-robed man didn't expect it either.

At this moment, the man in green robe looked at Qin Feng and shook his head slightly.

In his opinion, Qin Feng is here to make trouble.

You don't have any points, what team are you running to?

This is not to waste everyone's time!

Immediately, he said to Qin Feng: "My friend, this is your fault. As we all know, only by participating in the assessment can you get the points of Shenwu. You haven't been assessed, so what are the points? You should give others a place! "

Seeing someone agreeing with him, the black-faced strong man became even more energetic.

"Boy! Did you hear it? It wasn't the deity who said you, even the onlookers thought you were wrong! You still won't let go?!"

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth were slightly raised: "That's what you think! Who said that if I didn't take the assessment, I would have no points?"

Hearing this, the man in green robe shook his head repeatedly, expressing his speechlessness.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The black-faced strong man was about to laugh angrily.

"Without the assessment, you can still get points for the divine martial arts? Boy! Even if you want to brag, you have to look at the rules of the temple!"

As soon as the strong man's voice fell, Qin Feng reached out and pressed the rune array...

Seeing this scene, the strong man sneered.

The blue-robed man also shook his head.

Afterwards, the two looked at each other and showed understanding.

Immediately afterwards, the two watched Qin Feng's operations silently, just like watching a play.

It turned out that they were waiting to see Qin Feng's joke.

When Qin Feng can't activate the rune formation, they want to see how Qin Feng ends?

After a while, Qin Feng's right hand fell on the center of the rune formation.

Seeing this, the schadenfreude in the eyes of the two became even stronger.

They seem to imagine that Qin Feng can't activate the rune formation, that embarrassing appearance.

At that time, they must be sarcastic, so that this stubborn boy will be wiped out!

Thinking of this, the corners of their mouths were slightly raised, and both showed the look of watching a good show.

But the next second, the mutation suddenly occurred!

Om~!

Qin Feng's hand was on the center of the rune array, and after a while, the rune array lit up with a dazzling white light.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, the entire altar trembled slightly!

Seeing this scene, the two of them opened their eyes wide!

activated!

This kid actually activated the rune formation!

This time, the two strong men were completely dumbfounded!

This... how is this possible? !

They couldn't believe their eyes at all!

This guy hasn't been tested yet!

How could he activate the rune formation?

But before they thought about it, Qin Feng turned back to look at the two of them, and the look in his eyes was self-evident.

The two of them also reacted, and their faces turned red all of a sudden!

After a long time, the clown turned out to be themselves!

"Sorry! I was the one who misunderstood!!"

Leaving this sentence behind, the two walked away in a daze.

They really have no face to stay.

Of course, they really can't understand, Qin Feng has not participated in the assessment, how can there be more than 10 points of Shenwu?

This is really incomprehensible!

Of course, they didn't have the face to ask Qin Feng.

Looking at the dingy backs of the two, Qin Feng seemed to be looking at two ants.

It was at this moment that a reminder from Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

[Check that your Shenwu points reach more than 10 points, you have successfully activated Shenbaoge Mall]

[Your thoughts are connecting with the Shenbaoge shopping mall interface...]

[Reminder: This pavilion is only open to those who have more than 10 points of Shenwu points]

[Shenwu points reach more than 10 points, 1 purchase right; 20 points, 2 purchase rights; 30 points, 3 purchase rights.

[By analogy, for every 10 points of Shenwu points, the purchase authority will be increased by 1 time. 】

[It is detected that your Shenwu points are 13 points, and you have obtained a purchase right! 】

【Detected that your reputation has reached 15,000 points! Gives you 3 trading points. 】

[Reminder: The trading point is the currency for purchasing the treasures of this pavilion, which is presented by Tiandao. The higher the personal reputation, the more trading points will be awarded. 】

[Gift rules: For every 50 reputation points, one trading point will be given. 】

Hearing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

It turned out that the trading points used to buy treasures were donated by Tiandao.

And how much to give is determined by the level of personal prestige.

Qin Feng's reputation has reached an astonishing 15,000 points.

Therefore, he gains 3 trading points.

Qin Feng still doesn't know that the trading points given to other players are only a dozen or so.

He has 3 trading points, dozens of times more than the others.

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

[Your idea and the mall are connected successfully! 】

[Now open the store interface for you...]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, a roar sounded in Qin Feng's mind!

A shopping mall interface slowly emerged!

He couldn't wait to enter the mall interface and began to browse...

Just a glance, he was surprised...

There are indeed many treasures in the mall, all of which are above the semi-god rank, and there are also low-grade **** rank...

What surprised him even more was that one transaction point could be exchanged for a demigod-level treasure.

5 to 10 trading points, you can exchange for low-grade god-level treasures!

In this way, he has 3 trading points, which is the rhythm of making a lot of money!

However, Qin Feng was not in a hurry to buy it.

He only has one purchase right now and can only buy one treasure, so he buys the treasure that he needs most.

At the moment, Qin Feng carefully browsed with a happy mood.