Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Soon, he was attracted by a treasure, and his eyes showed surprise...

[The source of divine power: the pinnacle of middle-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

【Price: 1 trading point】

[Inventory: 3 groups]

[Reminder: absorbing this thing can increase the basic combat power of 50,000 stars. 】

[Reminder: This substance is easy to absorb, and it can be absorbed within an hour. 】

[Reminder: If you have the title of "Child of Destiny", the price will be halved! 】

The pinnacle of the middle-grade **** rank!

Wonders of heaven and earth!

This is an extremely rare treasure!

Of course, its price is also extremely expensive, reaching 1 trading point, and few players can afford it.

Qin Feng can naturally afford it.

Even better, if the Son of Destiny buys, the price will be halved!

This is Heaven's blessing to the 'Son of Destiny'!

And Qin Feng is the son of destiny!

He only needs 50 trading points to buy!

Today, Qin Feng's most urgent task is to promote his title to 'Dao Protector'.

As for the promotion of Dao Protector, the basic combat power needs to reach 150 million stars.

At present, his basic combat power is still 20,000 stars.

This 'source of divine power' can help him increase his combat power by 50,000 stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng chose to buy without hesitation

Chapter 668 Bloodline Evolution! Soaring strength!

【Successful purchase! You purchased a mass of 'Source of Divine Power', which consumed 50 trading points]

[Reminder: The number of times your purchase permission has been used up! 】

Whoo~!

Treasure is here!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and slowly opened his eyes with joy.

Om~!

At this moment, a beam of light descended from the sky and landed in front of him.

Immediately afterwards, a 'golden light group' slowly descended along the beam of light!

The golden light group, with its twelve dazzling brilliance, exudes an amazing breath, and even the laws of heaven and earth are disturbed.

And when it appeared, it immediately shocked the surroundings!

Everyone turned their heads and looked over.-

"Hey! Look! Someone has bought a treasure over there!"

"My God! It's twelve rays of brilliance! That's the sign of a mid-grade god-level treasure!"

"Look at the brightness of those twelve brilliances! It is definitely a treasure of the pinnacle of the middle-grade god-level!"

"Tsk tsk! It's really the pinnacle of the mid-level **** rank! It takes about 1 trading point to be able to afford it!"

"Yeah! Treasures above the middle-grade **** rank in the Shenbao Pavilion have existed for so many years, and no one can afford it! At least, the old man has never heard that someone can afford it!"

"I didn't expect that the old man saw it with his own eyes today. Someone can afford a middle-grade god-level treasure, and it's still at the peak of the middle-grade god-rank! This is really rare!"

"Yeah! This man has such a high reputation!"

"That's right! If this item is worth 1 trading point, it will cost 5 reputation points!"

"Those who can shop at Shenbao Pavilion are either Heaven-level players or those who have just been promoted to the demigod realm. If such a player can have 2 reputation points, it is already one in millions. It is almost impossible to achieve 5 points of reputation. possible!"

"Tsk tsk!! This man is amazing!"

"Yeah! He still looks so young!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed!

It turns out that shopping in Shenbao Pavilion has realm restrictions.

Or the realm of heaven.

Or a player who has just broken through the demigod realm and has not more than three hours.

Those players who have broken through to the demigod realm for a long time are not qualified to buy treasures.

It is precisely because of this that the black-faced brawny man hurriedly urged Qin Feng to give up his position, because he was afraid of delaying the purchase time.

In this way, it is difficult for players who can buy treasures to have more than 2 reputation points.

There are almost no players with 5 reputation!

Because of this, the treasures above the middle-grade **** rank in the Shenbao Pavilion are almost never bought.

Therefore, Qin Fengcai exchanged a "source of divine power" at the peak of the middle-grade god-level, which caused a huge sensation!

This makes everyone have to be amazed that Qin Feng's reputation is so high!

And the level of prestige reflects a person's strength and talent on the side!

How can a character with a reputation of more than 5 points be weak!

That's definitely a genius among geniuses!

Thinking of this, everyone looked at Qin Feng with awe.

At this moment, in the crowd, the man in green robe and the strong man with black face were also there.

When they saw the scene in their eyes, they were all shocked.

In the next second, the two looked at each other with fear in their eyes.

They also realized that they almost provoked a character just now, who they can't afford to offend at all!

This character is likely to be a big man in the future!

Of course, everyone present did not know that Qin Feng's reputation was not only 5 points, but 15,000 points!

They don't even know that the treasures that Qin Feng bought are actually half price!

This is the comparison between people and people, maddening people!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In just a moment, the group of 'source of divine power' arrived in front of Qin Feng.

Then, in the eyes of everyone's envy, he put it away.

After collecting the treasures, Qin Feng looked back and found that everyone in the hall was looking at him.

Unconsciously, he became the focus of the audience.

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention and walked directly to the exit.

At this moment, the hall was very quiet.

Everyone watched Qin Feng silently and watched him leave.

There was awe in the eyes of those people!

This young man is definitely an invisible boss!

In just a moment, Qin Feng passed through the gate of light and left the Shenbao Pavilion.

Everyone in the field came back to their senses, and they were still amazed.

In the crowd, the men in green robes and the strong men with black faces have more complicated expressions...

But he said that Qin Feng passed through the door of light and returned to the main hall!

In that hall, there were still people coming and going, it was noisy!

Qin Feng calmly came to a remote corner, preparing to deal with the 'source of divine power'...

Right now, in the corner.

Qin Feng looked at no one around, and was about to summon the Mirage clone.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, his body was shaken, his blood was churning, and an earth-shattering roar sounded in his body...

In the next second, his momentum began to skyrocket wildly!

At the same moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven also sounded...

[Your fission body, refining the golden dragon blood (middle grade **** rank) successfully! You get a lot of bloodline energy, and your basic combat power increases to 133 million stars…]

[Congratulations on your great progress in bloodline talent, you have reached the peak 1% of the SSS level, and you are advancing to the next level...]

【Advanced success! Your bloodline talent reaches the SSS level limit of 17%]

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the SSS level limit! Your base combat power has increased to 137 million stars. 】

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the SSS level limit! Your inheritance skill 'Tongtian Tyrant Body' has advanced to the pinnacle level of the middle-grade god-level]

【Congratulations on your bloodline reaching the SSS level limit! Your 'Fa Xiangtiandi' has been promoted from primary to intermediate]

[Fa Xiangtiandi (intermediate): It can be transformed into a giant body of 100,000 zhang, standing upright. When fighting in this state, the attack power and defense power will each increase by 20%]

Breakthrough!

Finally broke through!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

His Fa Xiangtiandi has finally broken through to the intermediate level, which can increase the attack and defense by 20%, which is twice as strong as before!

Even better, his basic combat power has also increased to 137 million stars.

Coupled with the fact that he just got a ball of 'Source of Divine Power', he will soon be able to reach 142 million stars.

In other words, he is only 80,000 stars away from the title of 'Dao Protector'.

"Then there are still two groups of 'Source of Divine Power' in stock in the Shenbao Pavilion, which can increase the combat power of 10,000 stars. As long as I get two more purchase permissions, I can buy them."

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart burst into flames.

Refining a group of "source of divine power" can increase the combat power of 50,000 stars.

This product is also very easy to absorb, and it can be absorbed within an hour!

And Qin Feng has a time force field and the "Book of the Present World", and the time flow rate in the zero-degree space is thirty times that of the outside world.

That is to say, within two minutes, he can absorb the 'source of divine power' without delaying his assessment.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out the 'source of divine power' and sent it directly into the zero-dimensional space, allowing his fission body to absorb it.

Then, with another wave of his hand, he summoned the phantom avatar.

As soon as the Mirage clone appeared, it rushed to the edge of the hall!

At the edge, there are many sky-level players and demigod players setting up stalls, similar to Lingtian Temple.

As for the players in the False God realm, it is rare that they come out to set up stalls.

After all, the False God realm is a powerful person with a head and face, and few people are willing to come out and set up a stall.

The Mirage clone went to those street stalls to Taobao, and the main task was to buy rare items that could increase prestige.

The treasures in the Shenbao Pavilion are not only the 'source of divine power', but also some other middle-grade god-level treasures.

For example, the 'source of soul power' can greatly increase the strength of the soul body.

In short, he wants all the treasures above the middle grade **** rank.

Therefore, he needs more prestige to exchange for trading points.