Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The greater the number of people, the greater the competitive pressure!

It can't be said that the person who gets the scroll in the back must be weaker than the person in front.

There's also a bit of luck involved.

Some people may be very strong, but they are just a little bit luckier and get the scroll a little later.

However, the final completion of the task depends on the true strength!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode deep into the street.

His tasks are twice as difficult as others!

He has to speed up his progress, otherwise his chances of entering the top ten are slim.

Not long after he went deep into the street, there were footsteps in front of him again.

Qin Feng stopped involuntarily and held his hand on the handle of the knife.

Da~! Da~! Da~!

With the sound of empty footsteps, a tall black shadow appeared in the thick fog.

It didn't take long for the shadow to walk into Qin Feng's line of sight.

It was a mighty and majestic man with a rusty spear in his hand.

[Evil Object]: Resentful Spirit Messenger (King Level)

[Level]: Level 14

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 50 stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: The former "novice king"; after his death, he was transformed by the evil demon with the power of darkness, and his combat power was greatly enhanced.

It's a level 14 Wraith Messenger!

The combat power has reached 50 stars!

7 stars higher than the previous big fat man.

However, Qin Feng's combat power is only 53 stars.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It seems that the resentment hidden behind his back is a little impatient.

This time a stronger presence was dispatched.

At this moment, the majestic man approached.

He stared at Qin Feng coldly, his green eyes full of killing intent, and some doubts.

It turns out that this human is a level 11 novice king, how could Fatty lose?

Fatty was a level 13 novice king before his death!

After being transformed, it is stronger.

But the fat man was defeated by this human being, what a waste!

However, it doesn't matter.

His strength is much stronger than that fat man.

This time, let him harvest this human life!

The man grinned and walked towards Qin Feng.

With every step he took, the temperature around him plummeted.

Just like that, the man approached step by step.

The surrounding temperature dropped gradually.

Gradually, hoarfrost condensed on the ground and on the wooden houses by the street.

At this moment, Qin Feng also felt the chill everywhere, and kept invading his body.

In the blink of an eye, the man was only three meters away from him.

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

Wow~!

The man suddenly shot, and the spear pierced Qin Feng's chest.

That shot stabbed, and the cold waves were terrifying.

Before the tip of the gun arrives, the cold hits first.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng was enveloped in the cold air, and his whole body formed a layer of ice, turning into an ice sculpture!

There was ecstasy in the man's eyes.

It turned out that his innate ability was to control ice.

At this moment, Qin Feng was frozen by his ice and couldn't move, so he could only be slaughtered by him.

Swish~!

A blast of gunfire!

The tip of the spear lit up with a cold light, and it bombarded directly at the ice sculpture transformed by Qin Feng.

He wants to smash Qin Feng into pieces

But at the moment of crisis, a mutation suddenly occurred.

Boom~!

A shocking explosion!

The ice sculpture suddenly burst!

Qin Feng broke out of the ice, and his whole body was lit with blue-black **** flames.

Immediately afterwards, instead of retreating, he advanced, one sideways avoiding the shot.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

Kacha~!

Blood splashes!

The knife slid across the man's waist, severing him in two.

Thump~! Thump~!

Two muffled beeps!

The two corpses landed one after another!

The smell of blood filled the air.

Another kill!

Qin Feng's eyes showed joy.

roar~!

But at the moment when the man fell, a shocking roar came from the end of the street.

The entire village shook violently.

Qin Feng was shocked and quickly looked up at the end of the street.

That roar?

Is it a grudge?

It was at this moment that the surrounding mutation regenerated.

A wisp of black mist rose from the ground, the temperature of the air continued to decrease, and the cold atmosphere was also increasing...

In the blink of an eye, the black fog doubled in thickness.

The visibility all around was reduced to within seven meters.

Just when Qin Feng was startled, a white light flew from the man's body and poured into his body...

[Successfully killed the 14th-level Wraith Messenger (king level), and obtained +8000 energy points. 】

[Successfully killed the 14th-level Wraith Messenger (King-level), and obtained +120 Judge Points. 】

[Killing the 14th-level Wraith Messenger (King-level) successfully, the quest item-dark spar is exploded. 】

Qin Feng came forward with joy and quickly picked up the dark spar.

[Task reminder: Novice Qin Feng got the second dark spar. 】

The crowd received the message again.

The channel was cheering again.

Qin Feng ignored those, and he began to extract the corpse.

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the C-level talent - the true meaning of ice! 】

Ha ha!

Got another C-level talent. ,

It's so cool!

It can be seen that it is not easy to become a novice king.

Whether it's Fatty or this man, what awakened before his death was a C-level talent.

This is also greatly cheaper for Qin Feng.

If such a spirit messenger can kill as many as he can, then he will get more and more C-level talents.

His overall strength will also skyrocket.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very relieved.

He liked the feeling of getting stronger.

Now, he also realizes a problem.

Although the endless talent is extremely powerful at 3.5, it is not a combat talent.

If he wants to become stronger, he must have more powerful fighting talents, so that he can improve his strength in all directions.

At this moment, the ground wriggled, and the man's body was engulfed, leaving only the rusty spear.

Qin Feng picked up the spear.

[Rusty spear: Tier 2 item, +18 attack power, penetration +50%. 】

【Endless extraction success! You have extracted the rust and residue from the 'Rusty Long Gun', and the 'Rusted Long Gun' has been promoted to a 'Point Steel Gun'. 】

[Point Steel Gun: Tier 3 item, attack power +47, penetration +100%. 】

Got another Tier 3 equipment.

Qin Feng felt dark in his heart.

But at this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder that twenty-seven people had already obtained the 'Task Guidance Scroll'.

The number has increased significantly.

Qin Feng was in a hurry.

So many competing for the top ten!

He has to hurry up!

At the moment, he strode to the end of the street.