Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Of course, what he lacks the most is the number of times he has purchased permissions.

"It's time to participate in the assessment and increase the number of purchase permissions!"

Qin Feng pursed his lips slightly and smiled.

At this moment, he is very happy!

This time, before the start of the test, he got 13 points of Shenwu, which was very smooth.

Next, as long as he gets 7 more points, he can collect 20 points and get the second purchase right.

At that time, he will be able to purchase the second group of 'Source of Divine Power'.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked to the side of the hall.

I saw hundreds of test monuments in that direction.

Next to each **** monument, there is a long test team.

There were many onlookers around.

In the crowd, exclamations and regrets erupted from time to time.

The scene is very lively!

Qin Feng smiled slightly and walked in that direction.

Where is the first test of the inferior Shenwu assessment - the qualification test.

Only after passing the qualification test can you obtain an assessment token and proceed to the next assessment.

Of course, the qualification assessment will also give Shenwu points.

Those Shenwu points are what Qin Feng wants most!

The more Shenwu points, not only can it increase his purchasing authority, but also determine the final evaluation evaluation he gets.

That's the most important thing!

Qin Feng wants to know how many points can he get in his qualification test?

Thinking of this, he quickened his pace and walked in that direction.

It didn't take long for him to come to the No. 37 test monument...

I saw that there were hundreds of people on the sidelines of the monument, and many of them were also onlookers from the demigod realm.

Looking directly in front of the God Monument, there are thousands of people standing in rows waiting for the test.

At this moment, a middle-aged man has just completed the test.

On the white jade tablet in front of him, a line of golden divine inscriptions is emerging.

[Judgment result: inferior qualifications! 】

[Shenwu evaluation: 1 point]

【Test passed! Qualify for the exam! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the man blushed with excitement.

"Haha! I passed! My qualifications passed!"

Surrounding is also amazing!

"Not bad! Not bad! Finally another one passed!"

"Yeah! Only one person is qualified for the assessment after five consecutive tests. It's really not easy!"

Om~!

At this moment, a beam of light descended from the sky, and a golden assessment token fell towards the man.

The man was full of joy, and in the envious eyes of many people, he accepted the assessment token.

At this moment, there was an exclamation from the crowd.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Everyone! Look! There are actually three children in the test at No. 39!"

"Child assessment?"

Everyone was startled and looked at the sound.

Qin Feng also turned to look.

Sure enough, at the test site No. 39, he saw Di Jiang, Jumang, and Xiao Luan'er.

The three little guys are at the front of the line, and it's almost their turn to test.

Qin Feng smiled slightly and walked to the No. 39 test site to die.

Chapter 669 Continuous God Level! Gold gods!

Those three little guys are Qin Feng's children, so he naturally cares about the little guys' grades.

After a while, Qin Feng came to the test site No. 39, stood in the crowd, and watched silently.

At this moment, everyone is looking at Di Jiang, Jumang, and Xiao Luan'er.

The crowd murmured.

"These three children look so young!"

"Yeah! The older one is only about ten years old, and the younger one is only two or three years old."

"To pass the entrance examination at such a young age, the qualifications should be good!"

"That's hard to say! At a young age, I can only say that the aptitude is likely to be high, but not necessarily high!"

"Yeah! The Shenwu assessment is much more difficult than the Tianwu assessment."

"You said, what level of qualifications can these three children obtain?"

"I want the old man to see, among the three of them, it is estimated that there can be one with medium qualifications!"

"Medium aptitude? That's not easy! You have to know that one out of a thousand heaven-level peak powerhouses is possible!"

"Anyway, this Divine Martial Arts assessment is too difficult! Even if you get a low-level Divine Grade in the Tianwu Assessment, you may not be able to get a high-level qualification in the Divine Martial Arts Assessment Qualification Test!"

Speaking of which, everyone was once again full of emotion.

In the crowd, Qin Feng's mouth was slightly upturned and he smiled.

Obviously these guys underestimate his kids!

His three children, Xiao Luan'er, are of the highest quality.

Jumang's birth is a god-level union.

Di Jiang is a gold-defying god-level combination.

Their foundations are one stronger than the other.

Of course, Qin Feng was also a little worried.

What he expects is that the three little guys can get a god-level evaluation.

In this way, after the three little guys break through to the demigod realm, their strength will be greatly improved, and the more battle power they will sacrifice to him.

And the little guys want to get a god-level evaluation, then the qualification test of this first level, it is best to reach the god-level level.

Otherwise, it would be difficult for them to get a god-level evaluation.

The follow-up assessment is a difficult one.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and waited for the assessment of the little guys to start.

Om~!

It was at this moment that the test monument in front made a clear sound!

The contestant in front of Xiao Luan'er finally finished the test.

Everyone's eyes moved away from Xiao Luan'er and the three of them, and looked at the monument.

I saw a golden light on the monument.

A piece of information slowly emerged.

[Judgment result: insufficient qualifications! 】

【The test failed! You are not eligible for the assessment! 】

"Hey~!"

The player looked at the results on the monument, shook his head and smiled bitterly, and walked down with a look of decadence.

There was an uproar all around!

"Hey! Another lack of qualifications!"

"Yeah! It's been seven in a row!"

"This is the first level! It's already so difficult, and the next test will be even more difficult!"

The crowd was overwhelmed with emotion!

When the player walked down with a look of decadence.

Xiao Luan, who was at the front of the line, took a deep breath.

Finally it's her turn!

At this moment, she was also a little nervous.

Her goal is a god-level evaluation!

Therefore, she must obtain divine qualifications in this one.

Only in this way, she is more likely to get a god-level evaluation.

"Sister, come on!"

At this moment, the voice of Jumang sounded behind her.

"Sister, you can definitely do it!"

Di Jiang also cheered her up with a milky voice.

Xiao Luan'er turned back and looked at the two younger brothers with a doting face.

"Don't worry! My sister will definitely succeed! I won't hold my father back!"

"Um!"

Jumang and Dijiang nodded again and again, with extremely sincere expressions.

At the moment, Xiao Luan'er strode towards the test bench

She wants to be a good example to her two younger brothers.

"Look! It's finally the little girl's turn!"

At this moment, everyone's eyes fell on Xiao Luan'er.

In the crowd, Qin Feng watched silently.

Soon, Xiao Luan'er stepped onto the test bench and came to the side of the monument.

She took a deep breath, looking a little nervous.

In the next second, she broke the blood clot on her finger and bounced towards the stele.

pat~!

With a soft sound, blood beads fell on the monument.

Om~!

In the next second, the stele vibrated and burst into light!

Everyone opened their eyes and watched nervously.

Xiao Luan'er even held her breath, too nervous to breathe.