Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In the crowd, both Jumang and Dijiang clenched their fists.

The two little guys are nervous about their sister.

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The golden light flashes on the monument!

Lines of test information appear

【The test starts】

【Age: Pass, Excellent】

【Under 30 years old, excellent】

【Under 1 year old, good】

【Under 3 years old, qualified】

【Over 3 years old, eliminated】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

It turns out that if you are over 3 years old, you are not eligible to participate in the assessment.

Om~!

The stele vibrated again, and new information emerged

[Grade: Pass, Excellent]

[Below level 70, excellent]

[Below level 80, good]

【Below level 1, pass】

[Over 1 level, eliminated]

Seeing this item, Qin Feng smiled.

This time, he and his subordinates were all stuck at level 70, and they could get the best score.

Om~!

At this time, the stele vibrated, and the information emerged again...

[Joint level: Excellent]

[Low-grade Harmony: Inferior]

[Middle-grade Hedao: poor and so on]

[Top-grade Hedao: Qualified]

[Best Harmony: Good]

[Spiritual Combination: Excellent]

[Anti-God Harmony: Super Excellent]

[Talent: Excellent]

[Have three talents of S grade or above]

【End of this test】.

Om~!

The monument shook!

Finally the test is over!

Everyone held their breath and looked at the monument nervously...

Swish~!

A burst of golden light lit up, and the test results slowly emerged...

[Judgment result: divine quality! 】

[Shenwu evaluation: 14 points]

【Test passed! Qualify for the exam! 】

Boom~!

When this result came out, the audience was in an uproar!

"My God! This little girl is actually a genius!"

"This is too awesome!"

The audience looked at Xiao Luan'er in shock.

Divine Qualification!

Rarely seen in a thousand years!

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed

Jumang and Dijiang also cheered.

In the crowd, Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief.

Xiao Luan'er did not disappoint him, and won the divine qualification.

According to the assessment rules, with the same qualifications, Shenwu points are also high and low.

Shenwu points for inferior qualifications: 1 to 2 points.

Medium Qualification: 3 to 4 points.

Advanced Qualification: 5:00 to 7:00.

Need for Qualification: 7:00 to 10:00.

Divine Qualification: 11:00 to 15:00.

Xiao Luan'er got 14 points of Shenwu, which is considered good in the qualifications of gods.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this result!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a white light fell on Xiao Luan'er.

Then, a golden assessment order slowly fell in front of Xiao Luan'er along the beam of light.

Finally got the test order!

On the front of the token, the word 'Sacred Grade' is suddenly engraved, which is particularly dazzling, attracting envy all around.

Xiao Luan'er happily put away the token and walked off the test bench.

"elder sister!"

Di Jiang and Jumang greeted him happily.

"Sister, I knew it, you can do it!"

The two little guys hug Xiao Luan'er happily.

Everyone looked at this warm scene with a smile on their faces, and no one dared to disturb them.

Especially those players who are queuing for the test, obviously in a hurry to test, but no one dares to urge.

By now, they already knew that the three children were siblings.

Those two little boys have such a powerful sister, how dare they offend.

The white-haired old man who was standing behind Di Jiang had a smile on his face and did not dare to urge him.

At this moment, Jumang and Dijiang have left the team.

But those people didn't dare to overstep or urge them, still waiting for Jumang and Dijiang.

In this world where strength is respected, that is the case.

Only with strength and potential can people be respected and respected.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng smiled and shook his head.

These three little guys were so happy, they forgot that there were people waiting in line behind them!

He couldn't let the little guys mess around anymore.

"Luan'er!"

Qin Feng called softly.

When the three little guys heard the familiar voice, they turned around quickly and saw Qin Feng at a glance.

"dad!"

When the three little guys saw Qin Feng, they rushed over happily.

Some were holding Qin Feng's thighs, while others were pulling Qin Feng's arms.

Qin Feng also happily touched the heads of the little guys.

The scene is very warm!

Seeing this scene, everyone knew that this incomparably handsome young man was actually the father of these three children.

However, this young man's realm is a bit low, and he is just like his three children, and he is also in the realm of heaven.

However, no one dared to despise Qin Feng.

This young man has a daughter with divine quality, who would dare to offend easily.

"Dad! Dad! My sister got the divine qualification and got 14 points!"

Di Jiang came to Qin Feng, and his milky voice was authentic.

Qin Feng smiled and pinched his fleshy little face.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Dad saw it! Also, hurry up and test the two of you! There are still many people lining up behind!"

"Oh!"

With this reminder, Jumang and Di Jiang only remembered the business.

"Dad, then let's go to the test!"

"Well, let's go 5!"

At the moment, Jumang walked towards the test bench.

Di Jiang also obediently went to line up.

Seeing this scene, those who were in the queue breathed a sigh of relief.

Fortunately, the boy's father is here!

Otherwise, these three children will not know when they will think about the test.

They dare not disturb!

As soon as those people breathed a sigh of relief, Jumang had already walked to the **** monument.

The little guy directly broke his finger to blood clot and bounced towards the monument!

pat~!

With a soft sound, blood beads fell on the monument.

Om~!

In the next second, the stele vibrated, and the aura burst forth!

Everyone can't help but look up...

Qin Feng also looked over with concern.

Soon, the golden light flashed on the stele, and lines of test information appeared...

【The test starts】