Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

【Age: Pass, Excellent】

[Grade: Pass, Excellent]

[Joint level: super excellent]

[Talent: Super Excellent]

【End of this test】

Swish~!

Another golden light lit up, and the test results slowly emerged.

[Judgment Result: Golden God Product Qualification! 】

[Shenwu evaluation: 19 points]

【Test passed! Qualify for the exam! 】

Boom~!

As soon as the result came out, the audience was a sensation!

Everyone's eyes widened!

Chapter 670 Shocked the audience! Strength increases again!

Gold God Product Qualification!

Oh my God!

This... this child is even more powerful than that little girl!

Everyone was completely shocked!

One by one with their mouths wide open!

They never thought that Jumang was actually a legendary golden god, one level stronger than Xiao Luan'er!

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er and Di Jiang's cheers rang out from the crowd!

"The little sentence is great!"

"Brother is great!"

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng also showed a relieved smile.

Divine Martial Points for Gold Divine Qualification: 16 to 20 points.

Jumang scored 19 points, which is very good!

He is very happy with it!

Om~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a white light fell on Jumang.

Then, a purple-gold assessment order slowly fell in front of Jumang along the beam of light.

On the front of the token, the words 'Golden Divine Grade' were suddenly engraved, exuding an extraordinary charm!

Everyone was so jealous!

After Jumang put away the token, he happily walked off the test bench.

"Dad! I got the golden **** product!"

As soon as Jumang came, he ran to Qin Feng's side and happily raised the token.

"Nice sentence!"

Qin Feng fondly touched his little head, feeling very relieved.

This little guy is very nice!

This time, I got 19 Shenwu points, which will be extremely beneficial to the subsequent assessment!

According to the assessment rules, 10 points of Shenwu points can get a lower evaluation.

This kind of evaluation can obtain the transformation of the Tao of Heaven, transform the Taoist base into the primordial spirit, and be promoted to the demigod realm.

But such a demigod realm is no longer qualified to be promoted to the virtual **** realm, and will always be stuck in the demigod realm.

8 Those who want to qualify for the False God Realm assessment must obtain a moderate rating or above in the Demigod Realm assessment.

To get a medium rating, Shenwu points must reach 30 points.

Top rating is 50 points

The top rating is 1 point.

God-level evaluation is 2 points.

The super **** rating is 5 points.

The Divine Martial Points obtained in the Demigod Realm assessment can be accumulated in the False God Realm assessment.

The super-god evaluation obtained by the Azure Dragon Domain Master is the super-god evaluation obtained after all the demigods and virtual gods have been assessed, and the total score exceeds 5 points.

In other words, only after being assessed in the False God Realm can you get the final huge reward!

If you are promoted to the demigod realm, you can only get periodic rewards, and the benefits are much less.

If you are promoted to the demigod realm, within three hours, you will continue to participate in the virtual **** realm assessment, and you will be rewarded with an additional 20 Shenwu points.

This is a special reward for continuous assessment!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng fondly touched Jumang's little head.

He is full of expectations for the little guy's next assessment.

Everyone watched this scene silently and cast envious glances at Qin Feng.

This young man is so lucky!

Even if he has a daughter with divine quality, there is actually a son of gold divine quality!

This is really enviable and jealous!

"Dad! Dad! This time it's my turn!"

At this time, Di Jiang screamed in a milky voice.

The little guy looks so excited!

Qin Feng raised his head and looked at him with a smile.

"Go ahead!"

"Um!"

Di Jiang nodded obediently and walked towards the test bench.

Seeing this scene, everyone looked at Di Jiang again...

There were also some murmurs in the crowd.

"Everyone, the youngest child of the young man will also play. What do you think will happen to this child? Isn't he also a genius?"

"That's not possible! One of his two children is a god, and the other is a golden god. This is an exaggeration! There must be an ordinary one!"

"Yes! The old man also thinks it is unlikely!"

In the crowd, some people's voices were sour.

Especially the older ones.

They are all people with children, but their own children are basically not very good.

It's not like Qin Feng, among the three children, there is one **** and one golden god, which is really enviable!

"Everyone, don't say it's impossible! The brothers and sisters of this child are all excellent! I always feel that the children of that young man are not simple!"

"Then you don't know! Even the Azure Dragon Domain Master can't guarantee that all his children are excellent. As far as the old man knows, among the three children of the Azure Dragon Domain Master, only two have attained divine quality, and the other is very good. Just ordinary!"

"It makes sense! Two of the young man's three children are so good, it's already very good. The third one should be average. The old man has never heard of anyone's children, all of them are excellent."

"That's right! This young man shouldn't be able to do things that even the Azure Dragon Domain Master can't do."

The crowd murmured.

The voices of those people were very small, but they could not hide from Qin Feng's ears.

Even Xiao Luan'er and Jumang heard it.

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly and he was too lazy to pay attention.

These guys who came to participate in the Shenwu assessment are not very young, and basically have children.

Seeing that Qin Feng's children are so excellent, they will inevitably feel jealous when they think about their own children who are incompetent.

This is also normal!

Qin Feng didn't care.

But Xiao Luan'er was a little upset!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

She muttered in Qin Feng's ear.

"Dad, these guys actually said that the little emperor has no divine qualifications, and they look down on the little emperor too much."

"That's right! Brother Di Jiang is stronger than me!"

Jumang also muttered in dissatisfaction.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Don't worry! After the Dijiang test, they will know it's amazing."

Xiao Luan'er's eyes lit up: "Yes!"

As soon as the words fell, she showed a secret smile.

At the same moment, Di Jiang had already walked to the test monument.

"Look! That kid is about to start!"

The murmurs of the crowd stopped one after another, and they looked at Di Jiang nervously.

Many people's eyes showed worry.

They do not hope that Di Jiang is also a divine talent.

In that case, it will appear that they are too wasteful, not even a few children!

Having said that, if Qin Feng's third child is also divinely qualified, it is simply better than the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!

After all, only two of the three children of the Azure Dragon Domain Master have attained divine quality!

At this moment, Di Jiang took a deep breath and stretched out his white and tender fingers.

The little guy is a little nervous!

After all, he is too young!

After a while, Di Jiang pierced his fingertips, squeezed out a drop of blood, and bounced towards the monument!

Everyone also held their breath and watched nervously.

Om~!

Soon, the stele absorbed the blood essence and burst into a dazzling aura!

Immediately afterwards, golden light flashed on the stele, and lines of test information appeared...

【The test starts】

【Age: Pass, Excellent】

[Grade: Pass, Excellent]

[Joint level: super excellent]

[Talent: Super Excellent]

【End of this test】

[Judgment Result: Golden God Product Qualification! 】