Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[Shenwu evaluation: 20 points]

【Test passed! Qualify for the exam! 】

Boom~!

OMG!

It turned out to be a golden **** again!

It's still a golden **** product with a full score of 20 points!

This kid is even more powerful than the previous two!

At this moment, everyone almost split on the spot!

They couldn't believe their eyes at all!

They never thought that Qin Feng's three children are all above the gods, and one is better than the other!

As far as the children's excellence is concerned, even the Azure Dragon Domain Master can't compare to Qin Feng!

Seeing how everyone is about to split, Xiao Luan's heart is very happy!

These guys have seen the power of her brother!

Om~!

At this time, the sky shook, and a white light fell.

A purple-gold assessment token, along the beam of light, slowly fell in front of Di Jiang.

The front of the token is also engraved with the words 'Golden Divine Grade'!

Di Jiang put away the token with a look of joy, and ran to Qin Feng's side.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Dad! Dad! I also got the gold **** product!"

"Little Emperor did a good job!"

Qin Feng also pinched the little guy's face happily.

He was really pleased!

Everyone silently watched this warm scene with complicated eyes!

There are those who are envious and those who are jealous, but most of them are unpleasant in their hearts!

"This guy is so lucky!"

"Yeah! Three children are better than one!"

"Hey! If only he had such good luck and gave birth to three such excellent children, that would be great!"

"Hey! It's all fate! Not everyone has such good luck!"

There was another murmur in the crowd, and the tone was sour.

In the eyes of those guys, Qin Feng has such excellent three children, it's just luck.

Human nature is like this, always think that the achievements of others are all based on luck.

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er's voice rang in the field.

"By the way, Dad, you haven't tested yet, have you?"

With this reminder, Qin Feng remembered his own business.

yes!

He's been watching the kids' tests, and his own hasn't started yet!

Thinking of this, he was about to speak, but there was a reminder from Heavenly Dao in his mind...

[Congratulations to your fission body for successfully absorbing the 'Source of Divine Power'! Your basic combat power has increased to 142 million stars...]

At the same time, an invisible divine power spread out from his body and flowed to his limbs!

His basic combat power has quietly increased!

The joy of the greatly improved strength filled his heart.

It's finally absorbed!

At this moment, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

His basic combat power has reached 142 million stars.

As long as he buys two more sources of divine power, he can break 150 million stars and be promoted to guardian.

Then, it is time for him to earn purchasing rights.

He now has 13 Shenwu points.

As long as you earn another 17 Shenwu points, you will be able to increase 2 purchase rights.

And the test in front of him is the beginning of his scoring!

Thinking of this, he said, "I haven't tested it yet! I'm going to line up now!"

Xiao Luan'er hurriedly said, "Dad, it takes a lot of time to line up."

As soon as she finished speaking, she ran to the front of the team and looked at the white-haired old man at the front.

"Grandpa, can you let my dad take the test first? He tests very quickly!"

The old man was flattered: "Little girl, as long as the adult is willing, the old man is willing to let him test first!"

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head: "This is not good!"

But these words just fell, and there was a sound of agreement all around.

"This lord, it is very suitable, you should test it first!"

"Yes! My lord, don't waste your daughter's thoughts!"

In fact, people are not so kind!

They just want to know, this lucky guy, the children are all excellent, what is his own aptitude?

Qin Feng couldn't see everyone's thoughts.

He smiled and strode forward.

He also wants to collect points early to buy the source of divine power

Chapter 671 The Supreme God King! Challenge activated!

Seeing Qin Feng agree, many people breathed a sigh of relief.

It seems that this time they can satisfy their curiosity.

In the crowd, many people looked at Qin Feng's back and began to mutter.

"You said, what kind of qualifications will this lucky guy be?"

"If the old man sees it, there should be no divine qualifications!"

"That's right! It takes 10,000 years to see the qualifications of a divine product! It takes a hundred thousand years to see a golden divine product. There have been three in a row today, and it is impossible for a fourth to appear."

"That's natural! Besides, this person is also in the realm of heaven, the same as his three children. If he was as good as his own children, he would have come to the assessment long ago, so why delay it until today?"

"It makes sense! By the way, have you found a pattern?"

"What rule?"

"The younger the three children, the better. As the father of these three children, the oldest is probably the worst."

"Hey! It's true! So, this guy with good luck is probably a lot worse than his daughter, and he may not even be able to achieve the best qualifications!"

"The old man doesn't know if he has the best aptitude. However, one thing is certain. This guy has three children, and the oldest of them is about ten years old. Then he is definitely over thirty years old."

"Yes! If you are over 30 years old, you won't be able to get excellent results in the first test, and the evaluation will be greatly reduced!"

"Hey! Maybe, not only more than thirty years old, but even more than a hundred years old. A hundred-year-old heaven realm looks very young!"

"That's right! So, I'm afraid this guy's grades won't be as good as that."

At this reminder, everyone's eyes lit up.

Some people even looked like they were watching a good show.

Under the mischief of jealousy, these guys all hope that Qin Feng's grades are average.

The whispers of those people were very small, but they couldn't hide from Xiao Luan'er's ears.

Jumang and Dijiang also heard it.

"Sister, they all said that Dad can't even reach the top aptitude!"

Di Jiang whispered, his tone full of worry.

The little guy is too young to understand anything.

When others said it, he really believed it.

"Don't believe them! Those guys are too ignorant to look down on Dad!"

Xiao Luan'er muttered in dissatisfaction.

Jumang also nodded again and again: "Yes! They also said that Dad is over a hundred years old! It's just nonsense!"

"Oh!"

Di Jiang nodded as if he didn't understand, but his eyes were still a little worried.

At this time, Xiao Luan'er whispered again: "Little Emperor, just wait and see! When Dad's results come out, the expressions of these guys will be very exciting!"

Having said this, Xiao Luan'er's mouth showed a smug smile.

"Oh!" Di Jiang nodded obediently.

He only cares about his father's grades, and he doesn't understand people's intrigue.

At this moment, Qin Feng had walked to the test monument.

I saw that he broke his fingers and coagulated, squeezing out a drop of dark red blood.

As soon as the blood bead appeared, it actually had its own golden light and exuded a faint fragrance!

"Everyone, that guy is about to start!"

Someone said excitedly.

Everyone couldn't help holding their breath, staring at Qin Feng closely, watching his every move.

I saw Qin Feng flick his index finger, and the red blood drop fell on the white jade monument, splashing the shape of a plum blossom.

hiss~~!

In the next second, the tablet absorbed the blood and essence at a speed visible to the naked eye.

As soon as the God Monument sucked up the blood essence, it gradually lit up with white light, becoming more and more dazzling!

"Everyone, the first age test is coming out ¨"! "

Om~!

As soon as the voice fell, the monument lit up with a dazzling golden light, and a line of information slowly emerged.

【The test starts】

"It's finally starting! Look! This guy might be over a year old!"

An old man said expectantly.

But his words just fell, and the test results came out!

【Age: Pass, Excellent】

What? !

Excellent age!

This guy is not even 30 years old!

This time, the audience was dumbfounded!