Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Every eyeball is about to fall out.

Many people frowned, feeling very uncomfortable.

"I didn't expect this guy to be so young!"

"Yeah! It's true to have three children at such a young age."

"Humph! Being young doesn't mean he has good aptitude!"

"Yeah! He came with his own children, maybe he's over level 70!"

"That's right! His three children are all over level 60, and his level is definitely over level 70!"

Om~!

As soon as the voice fell, the stele vibrated again!

[Grade: Pass, Excellent]

Everyone frowned again, and their hearts were even more uncomfortable!

"This is true! This person's level is not more than level 70!"

"I can't figure it out! It's really hard to figure out! By the way, it is estimated that the strength is not as good as the child's, so the upgrade is slow!"

"It makes sense! The next third item is the key to determining aptitude! Let's see his grade evaluation!"

"Haha! If you want me to see, this guy should be inferior to his daughter!"

Om~!

As soon as the words fell, the monument lit up with golden light again!

[Joint level: Supreme level]

Oh my God!

Supreme class? !

What level of evaluation is this? !

They have never heard of it!

This time, the audience widened their eyes in horror!

They vaguely feel bad!

As we all know, it is the third and fourth items that determine the qualification evaluation.

No matter how you look at this 'Supreme Grade', it is much stronger than the 'Super Excellent'!

Om~!

But before they could think about it, the stele vibrated again, and a golden light lit up again!

A line of information slowly emerged, and the key fourth test also came out

[Talent: Supreme Level]

OMG!

Another supreme class!

Everyone just saw their scalps go numb!

【End of this test】.

Om~!

The monument shook!

Finally the test is over!

At this moment, everyone held their breath, looked at the monument with great tension, and didn't even dare to breathe...

They vaguely felt that they were about to witness an extremely terrifying existence.

Om~!

The monument shook!

A golden light shines!

The final test results are slowly emerging

[Judgment result: Supreme Divine King Qualification! 】

[Shenwu evaluation: 50 points]

【Test passed! Qualify for the exam! 】

[Reminder: Supreme Divine King Realm points 40 to 50 points]

Boom~!

Full marks of the supreme **** king level!

Oh my God!

What kind of qualification is this? !

They are unheard of!

But the 50 points of Shenwu points are too violent!

At this moment, everyone stared blankly at Qin Feng's back, and stayed on the spot!

The whole place was dead silent!

It was as if time stood still at that moment!

But it's not over yet, the mutation regenerates!

Om~!

The stele vibrated again, and a golden light lit up on it!

After the golden light dissipated, lines of information appeared again!

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng', in the qualification test, he created the best result in the history of the Azure Dragon Starfield, and the reward is +5 points]

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng', in the qualification test, he has created the best result in the history of the Qinglong star field, rewarding combat power + 20,000 stars]

OMG!

The best result in the history of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

This person actually surpassed the Azure Dragon Domain Master in the qualification test!

Everyone's breathing almost stopped!

But don't wait for them to think about it, the mutation will start again!

Om~!

The monument shook!

Another golden light appeared!

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng', in the qualification test, he has created the best result in the history of this temple, and the reward is +1 point]

[Congratulations to the contestant 'Qin Feng', in the qualification test, he has created the best result in the history of this temple, and the reward is +50,000 stars.]

Click~!

This time, everyone is completely split!

Standing in the same place, one by one!

They were absolutely stunned!

The strongest ever in this hall!

You know, this temple is shared by a hundred star fields!

That is the strongest talent in the star field of a hundred miles!

Om~!

At this moment, the sky above the hall shook!

A dazzling golden beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's head!

In the next second, his combat power and momentum will soar all the way!

Qin Feng is accepting Tiandao's reward!

He closed his eyes involuntarily, enjoying it comfortably.

Long time, the reward is over!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

With this reward, his basic combat power has reached 149 million stars, and his reputation has also reached 16,500.

Great harvest!

Om~!

Another sound of heaven and earth!

The sky was shocked, and a white beam of light fell on Qin Feng.

Afterwards, an assessment order with red stripes on a black background slowly landed in front of Qin Feng along the beam of light.

On the front of the token, the four golden characters of 'Supreme Divine King' were suddenly engraved, exuding a heaven-shattering charm, mighty, shocking the audience!

Everyone can only see the soul tremble!

In just a moment, the token fell in front of Qin Feng,

He took the token with satisfaction.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At the moment when he touched the token, Qin Feng could clearly sense that he and the token were connected by heart and soul.

There is a drop of his own blood in that token!

As soon as he thought about it, he browsed to the information in the token

[Player: Qin Feng]

[Admission assessment: first in history, 13 points]

[Qualification Test: Supreme God King, 50 points]

【Total score: 63 points】

good!

63 points!

His purchase rights increased 5 times in one fell swoop!

He can immediately buy the source of divine power and complete the title promotion task.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is about to put away the token.

Om~!

But at this moment, the token vibrated slightly, and a line of information automatically appeared in it.

[Congratulations on getting the 'Supreme God King' full-point qualification evaluation, you have automatically activated the 'Supreme Grade' evaluation challenge of the Shenwu assessment]

[Supreme-level evaluation: one level higher than the super-god-level evaluation, it can only be obtained if the divine martial evaluation score reaches 1 point or more]

[Challenge rules: complete within one day, you can get the high-level supreme; if you complete it within two days, you can get the intermediate supreme; if you complete it within three days, you can get the junior supreme]

[For more than three days, the Shenwu evaluation score has not reached 1 point, and the challenge has failed! ]

【Failed to challenge! No penalty! 】

【Complete the challenge, you can get extremely rich rewards】

【Do you accept the challenge? Please choose within a minute, outdated tasks will be invalid]

what!

He actually activated a challenge mission!