Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise!

On top of the super god-level evaluation, there is indeed a supreme-level evaluation! kill.

Chapter 672: High-grade God Rank! Back Earth Spirit Egg!

However, in order to reach the Supreme Grade evaluation, 1 point of Shenwu is required, which is too exaggerated!

Qin Feng has only 63 points in Shenwu so far.

However, this is a great opportunity!

Either way, he's going to try it once.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng thought.

Om~!

The next second, the token vibrates!

The information in it has changed!

【Congratulations for accepting the challenge of "Extreme Rating"】

【Start timing immediately::…:01…:02…】

This is how the challenge begins!

Qin Feng didn't dare to delay, and quickly put away the token and walked off the test bench.

Everyone watched Qin Feng's every move silently, and their expressions were a little nervous!

At this moment, they didn't even dare to breathe, for fear of disturbing Qin Feng!

Full marks of the Supreme Divine King qualification!

They can't imagine it at all, let alone offend one point!

The young people in front of them are destined to become peerless powers, and they are definitely not something they can afford to offend.

In this way, Qin Feng walked off the test bench under the nervous gaze of everyone.

The whole place is still quiet!

The atmosphere was inexplicably tense!

Everyone's expressions were trembling, and no one dared to speak, not even to breathe loudly.

"dad!"

At this moment, Xiao Luan'er, Di Jiang, and Jumang all gathered around happily.

"Dad, you are amazing! You actually got the supreme **** king level!"

Xiao Luan was excited.

Di Jiang and Jumang also showed a look of admiration.

Qin Feng also smiled: "Let's go! Let's go to the next project!"

"Um!"

The three children nodded happily.

At the moment, the father and son left.

Until the four Qin Feng disappeared from everyone's sight, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.

The tense heart also relaxed a little.

However, they still looked at the direction in which Qin Feng disappeared, and couldn't come back to 547 in a daze.

After a long time, someone sighed!

"Supreme God King! This is the first time this old man has heard of it!"

"This temple has the highest qualification in history! How many temples like this are in the entire universe? I can't imagine it!"

"Yeah! Perhaps we have witnessed the birth of a legend!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone sighed!

At this moment, they also understood why Qin Feng's children are better than each other!

With such a legendary father, where will the child be?

Of course, there is no more jealousy in their hearts, some are just deep awe!

When a person is so good that no one can match it, he will be admired and respected by people! …

But on the other hand, Qin Feng and the four left the sight of everyone and came to a remote corner.

"Dad, which one should we measure next?"

Xiao Luan asked with concern.

Di Jiang and Jumang also looked up to Mengmeng's little face, waiting for Qin Feng to arrange.

Qin Feng pondered for a while and said, "Luan'er, take your two younger brothers with you! Dad is going to Shenbao Pavilion again."

"Oh!"

Xiao Luan'er nodded obediently and didn't ask any further questions.

She knew that her father was going to Shenbao Pavilion, and she must have her own plans.

At the moment, after Qin Feng asked a few more words, Xiao Luan'er left with two younger brothers.

Looking at the backs of the three little guys leaving, Qin Feng took a deep breath and turned to walk towards the Shenbao Pavilion...

The Shenwu assessment is divided into many items!

In addition to the qualification test, which must be the first test, the tests of the middle items can be tested in any order.

Qin Feng plans to test the 'Title Project' next!

Therefore, he must first buy the source of divine power, be promoted to the title of 'Protector of the Dao', and then complete the test!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace and rushed towards Shenbao Pavilion...

He must hurry up!

The supreme challenge quest he just accepted has a time limit!

And his ambition is to get 1 point of Shenwu in one day and get a high-level supreme evaluation!

This difficulty is too great!

Qin Feng didn't know if he could finish it or not, and he was very uncertain.

However, everything is man-made!

He just has to work hard.

In short, in each of his next assessments, he must exert his strength to the extreme and get the highest evaluation score.

Only in that way can he have a chance to complete the challenge!

1 point Shenwu points!

It's scary to think about!

If others knew about this challenge, they would definitely consider it impossible.

In fact, don't say 1 point of Shenwu points.

Even if it reaches 5 points of Shenwu, only two people have done it in the entire history of the Azure Dragon Starfield.

One of them is the Azure Dragon Domain Lord!

The difficulty of Qin Feng's challenge is far greater than that of the Azure Dragon Domain Master, and it can even be said that it is more than ten times larger.

Of course, this tenfold refers to tasks completed in three days!

If it is done in one day, it is dozens of times!

At this thought, Qin Feng felt a little guilty!

"By the way, there are too many people here for assessment! There are long queues for many projects. I can't waste my time in the queue!"

Qin Feng's heart moved, and another very crucial question came to his mind.

Now, time is too precious to him!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

He can't waste time in line.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's body flashed with white light, and several fission variants were separated.

Then, those fission bodies rushed in several directions...

They are queuing up for Qin Feng.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng continued to rush to the Shenbao Pavilion...

A quarter of an hour later, in the Shenbao Pavilion.

Qin Feng came to a deserted altar.

He took out the assessment order, put it into the rune array on the altar, and activated the mall again...

In the next second, a reminder of Heavenly Dao came from his sea of ​​consciousness...

【Your remaining purchase rights: 5 times】

[Your remaining trading points: 280 trading points]

[Your thoughts are connecting with the interface of Shenbaoge shopping mall...]

【Successful pairing! Now open the store interface for you...]

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't wait to enter the mall...

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, there was a fission of Qin Feng.

At this moment, the fission body sat cross-legged, eyes slightly closed.

In front of him, there is a quaint book floating, exuding a dazzling aura!

That is the "Book of the Present World"!

It turned out that during the test, Qin Feng still asked the fission body to participate in the research of the "Book of the Present World".

Now, with the participation of this fission variant, Qin Feng's understanding of the "Book of the Present World" has reached 60%, and the harvest is not small.

It was at this moment that the fission body seemed to sense something, and slowly opened his eyes with joy in his eyes.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

The next second, white light flashed in front of him, and five light groups appeared out of thin air.

Those five light groups, two golden and three silver.

The fission body first looked at the golden light group...

[The source of divine power: the pinnacle of middle-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

[Price: 1 trading point (Child of Destiny, the price is halved)]

[Reminder: absorbing this thing can increase the basic combat power of 50,000 stars. 】

[Reminder: This substance is easy to absorb, and it can be absorbed within an hour. 】

The corners of the fission body pursed slightly, revealing a satisfied smile.

Then, he looked at the silver light group again...

[The source of soul power: the pinnacle of middle-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

[Price: 1 trading point (Child of Destiny, the price is halved)]

[Reminder: Absorbing this substance can greatly increase the strength of the soul body. 】

[Reminder: This substance is easy to absorb, and it can be absorbed within an hour. 】

It turned out that the golden light group was the source of divine power! The silver light group is the source of soul power!

These are extremely rare heaven and earth wonders!