Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Just now, Qin Feng spent 250 trading points and 5 purchase rights to trade these wonders of the world.

In this way, the source of divine power and the source of soul power of the Shenbao Pavilion were all exchanged by him.

And Qin Feng's purchase permissions have been exhausted, and there are only 30 trading points left, which can no longer be exchanged.

However, Qin Feng did not leave immediately, and was still browsing the mall to see if there were any treasures he needed, ready to exchange for the next time.

As for the task of refining the 'source of divine power' and the 'source of soul power', it is left to the fission body in zero-dimensional space.

Thinking of this, the fission body put away the "Book of the Present World".

In the next second, he was divided into five, turned into five fission bodies, and then each picked up a light group and began to refine...

At the same time, in the Shenbao Pavilion.

Qin Feng continued to browse the mall!

The treasures in the mall are too rich!

Especially the treasures above the middle grade **** rank, he wants all of them.

With Qin Feng's current strength, the treasures of the demigod level have no effect on him.

The effect of low-grade gods is weakened!

The middle grade **** is the most suitable!

Qin Feng found that there are nine kinds of middle-grade god-level treasures in the Shenbao Pavilion.

He has already redeemed two kinds, that is, the source of divine power and the source of soul power.

There are still seven types left, which he cannot exchange.

Because he has no purchases, trading points are not enough.

He has to earn Shenwu points and prestige.

Of course, the high-grade god-level has the greatest effect on him!

correct!

Are there high-grade god-level treasures in this mall?

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he quickly pulled the mall interface to the end!

In general, the finale treasures of the mall are placed at the end.

Soon, he browsed to the last page.

There is actually a high-grade god-level treasure on the last page, and it is one of the treasures he wants most!

That is also the only high-grade god-level treasure in the entire Shenbao Pavilion.

[Back Earth Spirit Egg: High-grade God Rank, Earth Attribute, Unidentified Master]

[Price: 2 trading points (Child of Destiny, the price is halved)]

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, which can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and is loyal to the owner]

A top-grade god-level spirit egg!

As long as you are born, you will be in the demigod realm, and may even be in the virtual **** realm.

And at the mature stage, there is the strength of the main **** realm.

Seeing this, Qin Feng's heart is hot!

If he gets this spirit egg, he will get another powerful pet!

Having said that, he only opened two prisons in his six prisons, because his messengers were still four short of them.

Gonggong Spirit Egg and Zhu Rong Spirit Egg can be two messengers.

If you get this back earth spirit egg again, then there will be a ninth messenger!

pity!

He has no purchases.

However, the number of purchases is worth it!

As long as you get another 10 Shenwu points, you can get one-time purchase permission.

Trading points are not easy to earn!

Back Earth Spirit Egg, worth 2 trading points.

Qin Feng is the son of destiny, and he can buy it at half price, which also requires 1 trading point.

But he only has 30 trading points left, and he is still 70 short of it!

And 50 reputation points can be exchanged for a trading point.

In other words, Qin Feng had to gain 35 more reputation before he could buy the Houtu Spirit Egg.

"It seems that I have to figure out a way to earn prestige!"

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and exited the mall

Chapter 673 Special abilities! Bonus test!

Back Earth Spirit Egg!

Qin Feng must get it!

He knew in his heart that if he missed this time, he might not have this opportunity in the future.

In fact, he still has a doubt in his heart.

He successively obtained spiritual eggs such as Jumang, Dijiang, Zhurong, and Gonggong.

The names of these pets are the same as some of the mythical characters of Longbi - the same surname!

You must know that these pets are not named by him, but are brought by spirit eggs, born from heaven and earth.

Why is it the same name?

Will there be any connection between the two?

After pondering for a while, Qin Feng couldn't think of a reason.

He faintly felt that this universe was inextricably linked with the dragon in the parallel universe.

The truth of all that will have to wait for him to dig out slowly.

Right now, one of his most important goals is to get the Houtu Spirit Egg.

That is the spiritual pet with the same name as the Twelve Ancestral Witch!

According to the ancient mythology of Longbi, the most accomplished one of the twelve ancestor witches finally became holy.

With just one point, he couldn't miss the back soil.

"By the way! My Zhurong Spirit Egg and Gong Gong Spirit Egg have reached the peak of the mid-level **** rank, and my bloodline talent has been raised to the SSS rank limit not long ago. Will my blood be?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he seemed to think of something.

The next second, he picked up the token on the altar and hurried away.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to leave the Shenbao Pavilion and came to an uninhabited corner of the hall of the Creation Hall, and summoned the phantom avatar.

As soon as the Mirage clone appeared, it threw a storage ring to Qin Feng.

Qin Feng took the storage ring and looked at it a little, and his eyes showed joy.

It turned out that there were a lot of treasures in the storage ring, and it was the phantom avatar that was scouring the stalls.

Among them, there is one thing that he needs the most right now.

In the next second, Qin Feng flashed and disappeared out of thin air, leaving only a space node the size of a soybean.

That is the space node of zero-dimensional space.

The Mirage clone opened its mouth and took a breath, swallowing the space node into its belly.

Then, he walked into the hall and continued to Taobao

The phantom avatar and Qin Feng are different and concentric, and there is no need for communication between the two.

At the same time, in the zero-degree space, in a certain secret room.

I saw a flash of white light, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

Then, he looked up and looked forward.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

There were two half-human-high spirit eggs.

A whole body is like white jade, exuding an amazing white aura, and the power of the majestic water law.

A whole body is like ruby, exuding a dazzling red aura, and the power of the majestic fire law.

The light of the two spirit eggs reflected each other and illuminated the entire secret room.

That is Gonggong Spirit Egg and Zhu Rong Spirit Egg!

"Look at these two spirit eggs, they are about to hatch!"

Qin Feng looked at Ling Egg eagerly.

Afterwards, he walked quickly to the Gonggong Spirit Egg, broke his fingers and dripped blood into the Spirit Egg.

pat~!

A drop of divine blood emitting golden light fell on the white egg shell.

Silk~! Silk~! Silk~!

In the next second, the spirit egg drained the blood essence at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Om~!

Afterwards, the spirit egg released a brighter white light, illuminating the entire secret room, and the light overwhelmed the Zhu Rong spirit egg on the side!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, a new innate divine pattern appeared on the red spirit egg shell, and its aura began to soar.

Tiandao also came with a prompt.

[Reminder: Your pet 'Gonggong Spirit Egg' has absorbed high-quality blood essence and is evolving]

【Successful evolution! Gonggong Spirit Egg has been promoted from the level of 'the pinnacle of the middle-grade **** rank' to the level of the 'high-grade **** rank'. 】

Whoo~!

It really evolved!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and looked at the Gonggong Spirit Egg in front of him with relief.

Today's Gonggong Spirit Egg has changed from having twelve brilliance to thirteen brilliance.

Thirteen beams of brilliance are the symbols of the top-grade gods!

It turns out that Qin Feng has long discovered that after each level of his bloodline talent is raised, he will use his essence and blood to feed the spirit eggs of battle pets, and there is a high probability that the eggs will evolve.

This time, the evolution really succeeded.

A top-grade god-level spirit egg!

When it reaches maturity, it will have the power of the main **** realm.

Even better, as soon as it is born, it will have the cultivation of the demigod realm to the virtual **** realm.

He was extremely satisfied with such a spirit egg.

Om~!

At this time, the Gonggong Spirit Egg vibrated, sending out pleasant and intimate mental fluctuations to Qin Feng.

The little guy is getting more and more spiritual.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, Zhu Rong's spirit egg on the side also made a mental vibration, which seemed a little rushed.

The little guy was awakened.