Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as it woke up, it sensed that the Gonggong Spirit Egg on the side had advanced, and immediately became anxious.

It also wants to advance!

Qin Feng smiled and came to Zhu Rongling egg and began to break his fingers and blood clot

After a while, Zhu Rongling egg will glow red!

Another reminder from Heaven

[Reminder: Your pet 'Zhurong Spirit Egg' has absorbed high-quality blood essence and is evolving]

【Successful evolution! Zhu Rongling Egg was promoted from the level of 'the pinnacle of the middle grade **** rank' to the level of the 'high grade **** rank'. 】

Qin Feng smiled again.

Another spiritual egg has evolved to the high-grade **** rank!

When these two little guys are born, he can get two powerful messengers.

Of course, after the two little guys have advanced to the high-grade **** rank, the time for them to hatch will also be greatly extended.

Now is not the time to think about those, though.

He has to hurry to complete those assessment items and earn prestige and points.

correct!

There is another treasure that he almost forgot to use!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out another storage ring, which was the storage ring given to him by the Mirage clone.

In the next second, he took out a divine card with gold patterns on a black background.

[Holy Prestige Card: Low Grade God Rank]

[Use this card to gain 1 reputation]

Prestige!

The current hard currency of Shenwu Temple!

On the stalls in the Shenwu Temple today, they are hot-selling treasures, and not everyone can afford them.

However, Qin Feng killed so many true gods and virtual gods, as well as hundreds of demigods, and plundered a lot of resources.

To a certain extent, Qin Feng's net worth is richer than some of the main gods.

This time, the Mirage clone used eleven pieces of demigod-level treasures in exchange for this low-level god-level holy-level prestige card.

If it were someone else, it would be very painful.

The value of eleven demigod-level treasures has exceeded that of a low-grade god-level treasure.

But for Qin Feng, this is a very good deal.

For him, the demigod-level treasure is useless, and it is very cost-effective to exchange for a low-grade god-level treasure that is useful to him.

Besides, it was the prestige he needed the most!

At the moment, Qin Feng broke the blood and dripped the blood on the card.

Om~!

The **** card absorbed the blood essence and turned into a golden light that poured into Qin Feng's body

[Successful use of the 'Holy Prestige Card'! You gain +1 reputation and your reputation increases to 175. 】

Whoo~!

Prestige increased!

Trading points have been increased to 50 points.

Qin Feng smiled slightly, quite satisfied.

However, if he wants to buy Houtu Spirit Egg, he still needs 50 transactions, which is also 25 reputation.

Next, it was time for him to earn fame.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's figure flashed and disappeared in the secret room...

At the same time, the Hall of Creation Hall, the western area, has a test point.

What is different from the popularity of other testing places, the popularity seems to be very thin, and there are very few people who come here to test.

On the contrary, there were onlookers, several times more than the contestants participating in the test.

At this time, in front of a test monument, Qin Feng's fission body was lining up.

He was silently watching the testing process.

At the moment, he is in second place.

In front of him is a young man, who has walked to the **** monument...

Around, there are hundreds of people watching curiously.

It turns out that here is a test for extra points.

Only players with special abilities can obtain Shenwu points in this test item, such as players with titles.

Of course, not only has a title, but also other abilities, you can also add extra points,

And there are too few players with special abilities, so not many players come to test.

Among these special abilities, there are more players with titles.

Of course, even if there is more, there is a limit to how much.

"Another one to test!"

"Yeah! I wonder what special abilities this player has?"

"Mostly it's a title! Come to this extra point test, more than 90% of the test is because you have a title."

"That's right! I don't know what level of title this player has? If the title level is too low, you won't get any points."

"Yeah! Look at it, you'll know in a while."

At this moment, the crowd in the audience kept muttering.

The fission body also watched curiously.

At this time, in front of the monument, the young man participating in the test seemed a little nervous.

After he took a deep breath, he put his assessment order into the card slot of the test tablet...

Click~!

A soft sound!

The assessment token was stuck in the groove.

Om~!

Suddenly, the monument was activated, and a faint aura lit up!

In the next second, a golden light lit up on the stele, and lines of information appeared.

[This 'extra bonus' test begins]

[Item 1: SSS-level talent bonus item]

[The player has not been detected to have SSS-level talent]

[The score for this item is 0 points]

[Reminder: With an SSS-level talent, you can get 5 Shenwu points]

Seeing this scene, the fission body's eyes lit up.

It turned out that if you have an SSS-level talent, you can get 5 Shenwu points!

His body is more than one SSS-level talent!

Looking at it this way, his body is going to make a lot of money.

Om~!

At this time, the golden light lit up again on the stele.

[Item 2: Extra points for supernatural powers]

[The player has not been detected to possess any magical powers]

[The score for this item is 0 points]

[Reminder: If you have a magical power, you can get 5 points of Shenwu points]Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

what!

Supernatural? ! what is that? !

The fission body is a little suspicious.

He suddenly thought that Jumang's 'incarnation three thousand' seemed to be a supernatural power.

This seems to be related to inheritance skills.

Om~!

The golden light lit up for the third time on the monument!

[The third item: title bonus item]

[Detected that the player has a title - the novice king]

[Title level is too low to score points]

[The score for this item is 0 points]

Seeing this, the fission body can understand.

It seems that not all titles can be rewarded with points.

The title level needs to reach a certain level in order to score points

However, he is full of confidence in the title level of the main body.

Thinking of this, the fission body can't help but smile and.

Chapter 674 Title promotion! The world is made!

Om~!

At this time, the stele vibrated again

The fission body can't help but look up

I saw the golden light appearing on the stele, and the final test results appeared.

【End of this round of testing】

[Three accumulated points: 0 points]

hey~!

The young man shook his head and smiled wryly when he saw the test results.

He thought that he had the title of 'Novice King' and should be able to get some Shenwu points, but he didn't expect to get a 0 point!

It seems that he thinks too much of his title.

The title of "novice king" actually counts as nothing in this divine martial arts assessment!

The young man shook his head helplessly, and walked down the test bench angrily.

Seeing this scene, everyone sighed.

"Hey! Another 0!"

"This is already the thirty-seventh zero point!"

"Yeah! This extra point test is not something you can score if you want to score. Only some extremely good players can get extra points."

"That's right!"