Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Speaking of which, I've been watching for an hour. I've seen a lot of players with titles, but none of them can score points. What level of titles can I get points for?"

"I don't know about this either! However, as long as we keep watching, we will eventually see players who can score points by title!"

Someone in the crowd sighed, but the tone was somewhat uncertain.

After all, there are very few people who can get extra points!

Soon, the young man walked down.

Next, it was the turn of the fission to test.

The eyes of everyone could not help but fall on the fission body.

The fission body was a little hesitant.

There is no assessment order in his hand, so he cannot conduct the test, because the assessment order is in the hands of the main body.

But the body hasn't arrived yet!

Of course, the main body didn't come because the title task of 'Guardian' has not been completed.

If the task was not completed, I ran to the test, and naturally I could not get the best result.

So, he has to wait!

"Friend, it's your turn!"

At this moment, an old man's voice sounded behind the fission body.

It was a red-faced white-haired old man with a kind demeanor.

The white-haired old man was also lining up, just behind the fission body.

And behind them, there are more than a dozen people lined up.

At this moment, everyone is waiting for the fission.

The onlookers were also waiting.

Many of these onlookers have completed the assessment and have even been promoted to the demigod realm.

They came here to watch the fun just out of curiosity.

At this moment, the fission body became the focus of everyone's attention.

He hesitated for a while, then looked at the white-haired old man.

"This friend, why don't you invite me first! I'll wait!"

When these words came out, everyone was stunned!

How could anyone have worked so hard to line up, and it was their turn to let the people behind them take the test first?

The white-haired old man was also stunned!

Then, he smiled and said, "Friend, why are you doing this?"

The fission body smiled slightly: "I have to prepare! In order not to waste your time, let you test it first!"

The white-haired old man stroked his beard and smiled: "Alright! That old man is welcome!"

As soon as the voice fell, the white-haired old man walked towards the test bench.

He was eager to get tested sooner!

It's just that he doesn't understand, does he have special abilities, doesn't he understand?

What else is there to be prepared for!

This young man actually said to get ready!

Of course, he won't ask, that's someone else's private matter.

But when the audience saw this scene, they couldn't help but murmured.

"What the **** is that kid doing? He's already in the queue. Instead of taking the test, he lets the person at the back take the test first!"

"Yeah! It's so weird!"

"Could it be that he saw that the person in front had scored 0 points, and he began to have no confidence in himself, so he didn't dare to take the test, right?"

"Yeah! That person's title just now is not bad! That's the 'novice king', and I didn't expect it to get 0 points. It is estimated that this person was hit when he saw that scene!"

"In this way, this person's title level is not very good! Otherwise, he would not be so stage fright!"

"Hehe! I think so!"

Speaking of which, many people looked at the fission body with strange expressions, and many of them looked down upon it.

Those people's voices were small, but they couldn't hide from the ears of the fission body.

Hearing those words, the corners of the fission body's mouth twitched slightly, thinking that these people were a little funny!

He just gave up his position, which led to so many speculations.

If it weren't for the fact that the title of the body hadn't been promoted, he would have gone to the test long ago.

Of course, he didn't bother to pay attention to those gossip.

What he is most concerned about now is to hope that the main body will complete the promotion as soon as possible, so that he can come over for the test.

Boom~Long~Long~!

The fission body just had this idea, and the sea of ​​​​knowledge continued to roar, and there was a reminder from the heavens.

[Congratulations to your main body... successfully absorbed a group of 'source of divine power'! The basic combat power of your body has been increased to 154 million stars]

[Congratulations to your main body... successfully absorbed a group of 'source of divine power'! The basic combat power of your body has been increased to 159 million stars]

[Your basic combat power has reached 159 million stars, reaching the promotion standard of 'Guardian']

[Your title is being promoted]

[Title promotion is successful! 】

[Congratulations on your new title - Dao Protector! 】

[Congratulations to your main body for obtaining the title 'Guardian of the Way', you have been blessed with 10,000-star combat power, and your basic combat power has been increased to 169 million stars. 】Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

[Congratulations on getting the title 'Guardian' on your body, and you will receive 15 times the luck value reward. 】

[Congratulations to your body for obtaining the title 'Dao Protector', and 'Surveying the Sky' is transformed into the body's supernatural power, which can be used unlimited times. 】

[Congratulations to your body for obtaining the title 'Guardian of the Dao', and its 'Supreme Sky Survey Chance Order' was automatically promoted to the "Guardian Chance Order". 】

Boom~!

The fission body shook violently, and there was ecstasy in his eyes!

Ha ha!

The title task of his body has finally been promoted!

Promotion this time. It's so powerful!

The basic combat power of his body has soared to 169 million stars in one fell swoop, his luck has also skyrocketed to 77 times the value, and his comprehensive strength has soared!

In addition, that 'Surveying the Sky' has actually become the magical power of the main body.

In this way, Ontology can get some more points in this test.

The more you think about the fission, the more excited you are!

correct!

Title promotion complete!

The body should be coming soon, right?

Om~!

The fission body only had this idea, and there was movement in front of it!

The test monument lit up with a dazzling golden light

The fission body looked up quickly, and saw that the white-haired old man had finished the test, and the test results appeared on the tablet.

[Item 1: SSS-level talent bonus item]

[The score for this item is 0 points]

[Item 2: Extra points for supernatural powers]

[The score for this item is 0 points]

[The third item: title bonus item]

[The player has the title - Human-level Medicine King]

[Saint-level Medicine King - inferior title. 】

[The score for this item is 5 points]

[Title grades: low, medium, high grade, top grade, holy grade, supreme grade]

[For every level higher in the title, the score will be increased by 5 points]

【End of this round of testing】

[Three accumulated points: 5 points]

Boom~!

As soon as the result came out, the audience was a sensation!

"Look! The title has been scored! This person's title has been scored!"

"Yeah! The old man finally saw a person and scored on the title"

"I was rewarded with 5 Shenwu points at one time, which is not low!"

"It's really not low! The 'human-level medicine king' is only a low-level title, so you can get 5 points. If it is a medium title, it will be 10 points, and a high-level title will be 15 points."

"However, even if it is a low-level title, it is only seen among hundreds of millions of people! Of course, there are more than these people who have titles, but those people's titles are not in the stream, and they don't get points at all!"

"Yeah! This person can have the title of 'Human-level Medicine King'! It's amazing!

At the same time as they spoke, everyone cast a look of admiration at the white-haired old man.

At this moment, the old man was also flushed with excitement!

5 points of Shenwu points!

For him, it was a huge gain!

After a while, he calmed his excitement, picked up the assessment order, and walked off the test bench.

Everyone looked at him with admiration!

5 points Shenwu points!

For these onlookers, it was a huge gain.

The points of the Shenwu assessment, even if you get 1 point, is not easy!

After a while, the old man came straight to the fission body.

"Little friend, thank you for letting me know the test results earlier!"

The old man's tone was somewhat grateful, but more of a show.

So many people test this item with 0 points, and he can get 5 points, which is indeed something to be proud of.

However, his name for the fission body has also quietly changed.

Before that, he called the fission body a 'friend', but now it has become a 'little friend', as if he had an elder's tone.

Of course, he will have such a change, but also because of these 5 points, it is not a big problem for him to get a medium rating.

As long as he gets a medium evaluation, he is qualified to participate in the False God realm assessment.

The fission body can naturally hear the change in the old man's semantics.

When people are proud, it is inevitable that they will get carried away. That is human nature.

He didn't feel anything.

Immediately, he smiled slightly: "Your Excellency is polite! Next, congratulations on your successful score!"