Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Little friend has won the prize! The old man is just lucky!"

The old man stroked his beard and smiled, with a smile on his face, everyone could see his proud mood.

"By the way, little friend, now it's your turn to test!"

The old man kindly reminded again.

Everyone also looked at the fission body.

yes!

This time, it's time for this guy to test!

"this"

The fission body hesitated for a while, then looked up in a certain direction in the hall.

That's exactly the direction his body is in!

His body hasn't arrived yet!

Are you still waiting for that

Boom~Long~Long~!

Only when this thought came to mind, an earth-shattering roar sounded in the Sea of ​​​​Consciousness of the Fission Body.

[Congratulations to your main body's 'World Tree', which has been cultivated and matured, and is automatically promoted to the peak of the high-grade **** rank (world and earth wonders)]

[The World Tree is merging with your Ontology Sea of ​​Consciousness]

【Fusion is successful! The world tree becomes the natal tree of your body]

[Congratulations to your main body, you have obtained a 10,000-star combat power feedback (permanent feedback), and its basic combat power has been increased to 179 million stars]

[Congratulations to your body, you have obtained the SSS-level talent - the law of creation]

It's finally over!

The fission body's eyes lit up, revealing a hint of joy.

The 'Law of Creation' is finally here!

He knew that his body was coming

Chapter 675 The Holy Lotus emerges! Nine petals bloom!

"Little friend, everyone is waiting for your assessment!"

The white-haired old man reminded again kindly, with a gentle smile still on his face.

The fission body retracted his gaze, looked around, and sure enough, everyone was looking at him.

He smiled slightly: "Wait a moment! I"

Before he finished speaking, the green-robed man who was in line behind him frowned and interrupted him directly.

"Little brother, before you said you wanted to prepare, let this old man take the test first. This time, you have to wait?"

"If you want to wait, that's fine! You just let the deity test first! The deity is still in a hurry!"

Obviously, the man in the green robe is an impatient person, and some can't wait.

The white-haired old man didn't understand: "Little friend, do you still need to prepare?"

When the audience saw this scene, they were also puzzled.

Many people even whispered.

"What's the matter?! This guy has to wait?!"

"It is estimated that his title level is too bad, and he is hesitating whether to give up the test!"

"Haha! Isn't this stage fright!"

"I don't think so! This girl looks calm and has no stage fright at all. Maybe he's in trouble!"

"If you want me to see, his calmness may be faked!"

A man with a full beard said self-righteously.

But his voice fell, and the field changed suddenly!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and an extremely handsome young man appeared beside the fission body out of thin air.

When everyone saw the person, they were a little stunned.

Because the coming and the fission body look exactly the same.

The person here is naturally Qin Feng!

Before everyone could think about it, the fission body stepped out in one step and automatically merged into Qin Feng's body.

Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned.

No wonder, this young man said before 08 that he wanted to prepare, but it turned out that only his avatar was in the queue.

At this time, the white-haired old man also suddenly realized: "It turns out that the incarnation of Xiaoyou is lining up, no wonder Xiaoyou has to wait."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I made you laugh!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he walked towards the test monument.

Seeing this scene, the green-robed man breathed a sigh of relief, secretly thinking that this guy finally went to the test.

When he finishes the test, it will be his turn.

At the same moment, the audience members also muttered.

"It turns out that the person in line before is the incarnation of this guy!"

"Anyway, he's finally getting tested! You say, does this guy get extra points?"

"It's hard to say! This extra point assessment is extremely difficult, and not everyone can get it."

"Yeah! The old man watched for more than an hour, and saw that the Yaowang brother just scored a score, and the rest were all 0 points! It can be seen that this test is too difficult!"

The voice was not small, and the white-haired old man naturally heard it.

The corners of his mouth were slightly raised, and his eyes were full of pride.

In his opinion, he got 5 points in this one, which is really a remarkable result.

Having said that, he is also very curious, what is the achievement of this young man who gave way to himself?

Thinking of this, the old man became curious and paid attentionTôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

At this moment, Qin Feng has already stepped onto the test bench and beside the monument

When he was about to take out the assessment order, a mutation suddenly occurred!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, there was a sudden roar!

Soul power aura skyrocketed wildly all the way!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Congratulations to your fission body for successfully absorbing the 'source of soul power'! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and the basic combat power has increased by +1.9 million stars]

[Congratulations to your fission body for successfully absorbing the 'source of soul power'! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and the basic combat power has increased by +2.1 million stars]

[Congratulations to your fission body for successfully absorbing the 'source of soul power'! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and the basic combat power has increased by +20,000 stars]

[Congratulations on the strength of your soul body, which has been upgraded to the limit of true gods]

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

The three sources of soul power were finally refined.

As a result, his basic combat power has skyrocketed to 185 million stars!

What's even better is that the strength of his soul body has been raised to the limit of the true god, and he is only a small realm away from the realm of the main god.

As long as the strength of his soul body reaches the level of the main **** realm, he can use the book of this world to calculate the whereabouts of the powerful **** king, that is, the whereabouts of the **** body.

At this thought, Qin Feng was very much looking forward to it.

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Congratulations on your soul body breaking through to the limit of a true god! Your skill 'Infinite Fission' automatically evolves into the supernatural power 'Three Thousand Avatars']

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was surprised again!

At this critical moment, he advanced the 'Infinite Fission' into a magical power.

Having said that, his 'Three Thousand Avatars' is stronger than Jumang's.

Because he can first divide into the extreme yang body and the extreme yin body, and then cast three thousand incarnations from the two major bodies, then six thousand fission variants can be separated.

Jumang can only make three thousand statues!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Congratulations on your soul body breaking through to the limit of a true god! The 'Sacred Lotus of Mind (flower bud)' that you have nurtured has absorbed enough soul power and is blooming]

Ka~! Ka~! Ka~!

In the next second, Qin Feng could clearly sense that the looming red line between his eyebrows was slightly inflated.

That red line is the hidden place of his Divine Punishment Eye.

And the holy lotus (flower bud) of consciousness has been fused with the divine pupil of punishment.

Now, the holy lotus (bud) of the mind is blooming

He closed his eyes involuntarily!

In the next second, he could clearly see inwardly, within the pupil of the God of Punishment, a white lotus bud as white as jade, exuding a holy light, was slowly blooming.

At the same time, the audience was waiting for Qin Feng to test, but found that Qin Feng suddenly closed his eyes.

They were puzzled and frowned involuntarily.

But before they thought about it, a huge lotus bud phantom appeared strangely behind Qin Feng's head, emitting a holy white light!

Then, an invisible spiritual force field emanated from the phantom and instantly enveloped the audience!

Everyone's eyes widened in horror!

They sensed in horror that their soul body trembled slightly under the suppression of the force field.

The atmosphere in the field became a little depressing at that moment!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the phantom of the lotus bud slowly bloomed in the eyes of everyone's astonishment!

Open nine petals!

Every petal emits an extremely holy white light!

The Holy Lotus of Consciousness has fully bloomed!

The nine petals represent eye consciousness, ear consciousness, nose consciousness, tongue consciousness, body consciousness, consciousness, mana consciousness, alaya consciousness, and amara consciousness.

At the same moment, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, a reminder from the Tao of Heaven came

[Your 'Sacred Lotus of Mind (flower bud)' has absorbed enough soul power and has fully bloomed]

[Your 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' has bloomed with nine petals, your Divine Punishment Pupils have automatically evolved to the top-grade **** rank, and you have obtained a permanent feedback of 50,000-star combat power]

[Your God of Punishment has successfully evolved into a high-grade god! Its accompanying skill 'God Punishment Divine Light' is automatically promoted to the supernatural power 'God Punishment Divine Light']

Om~!

At this moment, the looming vertical red line between Qin Feng's eyebrows shot out a supremely holy white light.

At the same time, his combat power is also quietly increasing.

After a while, the phantom of the lotus flower slowly disappeared, and all the strange force fields disappeared!