Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Golden treasure chest!

He's set!

Immediately, he quit the chat channel and accelerated towards the end of the novice plain...

When he was about to approach the end of the original, he encountered a fierce beast.

It was a two-meter-tall giant wolf, similar in appearance to the prairie gray wolf, but a full circle larger than the prairie gray wolf, with a long silver stripe from the back of the head to the tail.

At the moment of True Sight, he also saw the essence of the giant wolf.

[Ferocious beast]: Silver-backed gray wolf (mutation)

[Level]: Level 1

[Combat evaluation]: 4 star limit

[Characteristics]: Brutal, bloodthirsty, cunning, and will call the same kind.

[Skill]: None

[Explosion rate]: 1%

After reading the data, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a breath.

This is actually a level 1 mutant beast, and its combat power has reached the 4-star limit, which is stronger than a level 2 beast.

The combat power of a level 2 beast is only 4 stars.

Qin Feng's assessment of his comprehensive strength is from 4 stars to the limit of 4 stars.

In this comparison, he may not be able to deal with the giant wolf in front of him.

This giant wolf is an extremely tricky guy.

However, its explosion rate is 1%, which is ten times that of ordinary level 1 beasts.

Kill it, maybe something good will come out.

Besides, his assessment of his comprehensive strength is all speculation.

It really needs to be verified.

Now is the time to test his strength.

At this thought, Qin Feng's fighting spirit broke out and he was ready to give it a go.

Chapter 11 Upgrade! Soaring strength!

At this time, several hundred meters away, the silver-backed gray wolf also found Qin Feng.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

One man and one wolf confronted each other.

Woo~woo~woo!

There was a strange sound in the throat of the silver-backed gray wolf, and the green wolf eyes stared at Qin Feng coldly, and there was contempt in his eyes.

It can be seen that Qin Feng is only a level 1 human.

A small level 1 human is no match for it at all.

Not to mention level 1, even a level 3 human is not necessarily its opponent.

The funny thing is that this little level 1 human actually broke into its territory.

It will tear this human to shreds!

Ow~!

A low cry!

The silver-backed gray wolf dodged and rushed towards Qin Feng.

The speed was terrifyingly fast, leaving only an afterimage.

In just a few seconds, the silver-backed gray wolf rushed out hundreds of meters and killed Qin Feng.

That speed is ten times faster than the most powerful sprinter on Blue Star, and much faster than Qin Feng.

Whoo~!

The wind was blowing, with a stench.

The silver-backed gray wolf opened its **** mouth and bit Qin Feng's neck directly.

Qin Feng was horrified!

At the moment of crisis, his footsteps made a mistake, and his figure slanted slightly.

The speed can not be compared, it is slower than the response.

In just a moment, Qin Feng narrowly avoided the bite.

At the same time, the white light flashed, and the knife fell from the hand.

He slashed the wolf's head with a knife.

Under the madness of power, the power of that knife is terrifying.

When~!

A symphony like a golden iron!

That knife only left a white mark on the wolf's head, but it didn't break the defense.

Instead, Qin Feng's arm was numb, and the whole person was shocked to take a few steps back.

Fuck it~!

Is this wolf head so hard?

It's just a big iron block!

Qin Feng was greatly surprised.

The silver-backed gray wolf was also dizzy from the slash, and he stepped back a few steps, his whole head buzzing.

It shook its head, and it took a long while to regain clarity, and then looked at Qin Feng with a look of horror.

The human beings in front of them are very different from those of the past!

Obviously only level 1, the strength is actually stronger than many level 3 humans, even stronger than the first line!

Thinking of this, his expression was solemn, and he no longer dared to take it lightly.

In this way, one man and one wolf confronted each other again.

Qin Feng is also cautious.

This wolf's head is so hard, he can't break the defense with a single knife, so how do you kill it?

By the way, it is often said that the wolf is a tofu waist with a copper head and an iron back.

The hardest part is the head, followed by the back,

Then its weak point is the waist.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes suddenly lit up.

Ow~!

At this moment, the giant wolf slaughtered again, more ferocious than the last time.

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, the giant wolf pounced in front of Qin Feng, his mouth was bloody, and the stench came out of his nostrils.

Qin Feng hurriedly turned to the side, avoiding the bite, and at the same time got close to the giant wolf's side, looking for the weak spot in his waist...

The giant wolf didn't pounce at first sight, and when he looked back, he grabbed Qin Feng's chest.

The claw wind is coming in an instant!

It's too fast to make people react!

With the claws of the giant wolf, it can completely disembowel people.

At the critical moment, Qin Feng's figure slanted.

呲 La ~!

There was a sound of shredding cloth!

That claw left three shallow scratches on Qin Feng's chest, which were burning hot.

Qin Feng also took this to go around to the side of the giant wolf, the cold light flashed, and the knife fell in his hand.

Poof~chi~!

Click~!

Blood shot!

The knife cut in easily from the lower waist, and finally got stuck in the gap between the vertebrae of the giant wolf.

Ow~!

The giant wolf was in pain, screamed miserably, and struggled forward.

Qin Feng also stepped back, and the steel knife was pulled down, widening the wound.

The blood shot, the internal organs rolled out, and the scene was very bloody.

The giant wolf roared bitterly, dragging its intestines and trying to escape.

"Bastard! Can you escape?"

Qin Feng chased after the victory.

When the giant wolf saw Qin Feng chasing, he was so frightened that he roared in the sky.

Ow~~ woo~~~!

That long roar spread out for several miles, anxious and indignant.

Soon, within a radius of several miles, in four or five directions, there were also howls of wolves.

Qin Feng was shocked.

It turned out that this guy was calling out for his companions.

He suddenly remembered that when he checked the information of the giant wolf earlier, there was a characteristic of calling out the same kind.

Ow~ Ooo~!

At this time, the howling of the wolf in the distance was getting closer.

Obviously, those wolves are coming to help.

He had to get rid of the silver-backed gray wolf before the pack of wolves arrived.

Thinking of this, he accelerated and chased away.

The silver-backed gray wolf was seriously injured, and his limbs were weak, and he could escape there.

In just a moment, Qin Feng caught up with the giant wolf, and slashed it with a mad knife...

Om~!

Then, a dazzling white light flew from the wolf corpse and poured into his body...

[Succeeded in killing a level 1 silver-backed gray wolf (mutation), and obtained +100 energy points. 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 2! 】

【Your strength index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 10 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 10 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 10 points! 】

【You get 5 free attributes! 】

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with white light, and the warm feeling spread throughout his body, making him extremely comfortable.