Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

He initially judged that the place where the resentment was sealed was at the end of the street.

The previous roar should have been issued by the resentful demon.

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng reached the end of the street.

There is a square.

In the center of the square, there is a huge altar!

Magnificent! Spectacular!

Could it be that this is the altar that seals the grudge?

Qin Feng was curious and wanted to go forward to check.

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred.

The thick fog on one side of the field suddenly rolled over

Chapter 85 Five messengers, besieged and killed!

Qin Feng was startled and quickly turned to look.

He saw footsteps sounded in the depths of the thick fog, and a tall, thin shadow came towards him.

Da~! Da~! Da~!

After a while, the shadow entered his line of sight.

It was an old man with a gloomy face, holding a rusted machete in his hand.

[Evil Object]: Resentful Spirit Messenger (King Level)

[Level]: Level 15

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 54 starsCheckk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: The former "novice king"; after his death, he was transformed by the evil demon with the power of darkness, and his combat power was greatly enhanced.

Huh~!

The combat power is 54 stars!

Even stronger than himself by a star.

Qin Feng looked at the old man solemnly and did not dare to be careless.

This old man is a level 15 resentful spirit messenger, one level higher than the previous man, and his combat power is much stronger.

At this moment, the old man looked at Qin Feng coldly, with mockery in his green pupils.

At this moment, the thick fog on Qin Feng's left also rolled up.

Then, footsteps sounded in that direction.

Is there another one?

Qin Chuan was surprised and turned to look again.

Soon, as a thick fog rolled, a young man walked out from that direction, holding a rusty long sword in his hand.

Qin Feng stared at it.

Another level 15 Wraith Messenger!

The combat power is also 54 stars.

Fuck it~!

two!

Qin Feng frowned slightly.

But this idea came to me, and the thick fog rolled violently in front of me.

Then, a middle-aged man and a middle-aged beautiful woman walked out in that direction.

The man was wearing heavy armor and carried a rusty double-edged axe in his hand.

The beautiful woman held a long whip in her hand.

These two are also level 15 resentment envoys, and their combat power has reached 55 stars, which is 2 stars higher than Qin Feng.

hiss~!

Suddenly, four resentful spirit messengers appeared, and their combat power was stronger than his.

Qin Feng suddenly felt troubled, and his hand holding the handle of the knife became even tighter.

But before he could think about it, the sound of ethereal footsteps rang out from behind him.

Huh~!

There is another one behind!

Qin Feng was shocked and turned back quickly.

I saw the black mist rolling over behind me, and a woman in a white dress walked out.

She was a curvaceous and stunningly beautiful woman.

She has delicate features and a snow-white complexion.

A pair of eyes are black and white, full of spirituality and soul-stirring, different from other resentful spirit messengers.

The other resentful spirit messengers have green eyes and lack spirituality.

Looking at the woman's hands, she didn't have any weapons.

This woman is so special!

Qin Feng didn't dare to be careless, and secretly scanned the woman away.

[Evil Object]: Resentful Spirit Messenger (King Level)

[Level]: Level 16

[Combat Strength Evaluation]: 60 stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Status]: Controlled

[Origin]: The former "novice king"; after his death, he was transformed by the evil demon with the power of darkness, and his combat power was greatly enhanced.

Fuck it~!

It was actually a level 16 resentful spirit messenger!

The combat power has reached 60 stars!

7 stars higher than myself.

Qin Feng's brows furrowed even tighter.

This time, he was at a loss for himself.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder that 48 people had obtained the 'quest guidance scroll'.

Fuck it~!

So many people!

Qin Feng felt anxious.

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was extremely anxious.

"Brothers, it's been 10 minutes, why hasn't Qin Feng got the third spar?"

"Yeah! I used to get a spar every ten minutes. This time, after ten minutes, there is still no movement. It makes people anxious to wait!"

"Everyone, boss Qin Feng will be fine, right?"

"Upstairs, shut your crow's mouth!"

"That's right! How could something happen to Boss Qin Feng? Please wait patiently! I believe that Boss Qin Feng will surprise us."

"I also believe that Boss Qin Feng will definitely surprise us!"

"Although that is said, the number of people holding scrolls has soared to 48. The competitiveness is getting bigger and bigger, and it is getting harder and harder to enter the top ten!"

"Everyone, let's stop talking too much. If there is a corpse of a beast, please provide the corpse of the beast to Boss Qin Feng, and if there is a spirit grass, quickly trade the spirit grass. We can't sit and wait, and we must do our bit!"

"That's right! That's right! Everyone, keep working hard!"

At this moment, everyone became more and more uneasy.

They didn't know that Qin Feng had fallen into a major challenge.

Right now, in that square.

Qin Feng was surrounded by five envoys of resentful spirits.

He gripped the hilt of the knife tightly, fully alert.

Especially the woman in the white dress at the head made him the most fearful.

But at this moment, the woman in the white dress pursed her red lips slightly and showed him a sweet smile.

That smile was full of confidence and calm.

She knew that Qin Feng was strong and comprehensive.

It is this human who has defeated the fat dragon, who is known for his strength, and the Bingchen, who can control the ice, and is not afraid of the erosion of the power of darkness.

At least so far, she has not found Qin Feng's weakness.

However, there will never be anyone in this world who is omnipotent.

No one can master all talents.

Humans must have weaknesses!

May be restrained!

Even God is no exception to this.

And the five of them have different talents, each with their own means, and there is always a talent that can suppress this human being.

Thinking of this, the woman smiled more confidently and sweetly.

Qin Feng frowned.

He felt the woman's contempt.

At this moment, the woman's eyes suddenly lit up with silver light.

An invisible power of thought spreads out in an instant...

Qin Feng felt a shock, only to feel that the surrounding scenery changed and turned into a valley full of flowers.

The woman is standing in the middle of the sea of ​​flowers.

At this moment, she is surrounded by countless colorful butterflies, stepping on flowers under her feet, and walking towards Qin Feng with a smile.

She was already beautiful, but now she is even more immortal and amazing against the backdrop of the beautiful scenery.

At this moment, Qin Feng also felt that this woman was simply too beautiful.

One step.... Two steps.... Three steps...

The woman is getting closer.

Qin Feng's heartbeat accelerated, and his eyes gradually became confused...

At the same time, outside the illusion.

The old man, the young man, the beautiful woman, and the middle-aged man all found Qin Feng's eyes confused.