Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The audience suddenly felt that the invisible sense of depression disappeared, and everyone could not help but breathe a sigh of relief.

But the eyes they looked at Qin Feng had become awe-inspiring.

The means this young man showed just now made them incredible!

"What happened just now?"

"I don't know! However, this young man's methods are indeed a bit weird!"

"Yeah! That means is really extraordinary! It seems that this young man is a bit difficult! I wonder if he can score this time?"

"Speaking of which, the old man is a little optimistic about him now. Maybe he can score 5 points!"

"Just wait and see! We'll find out soon!"

At this moment, no one dared to underestimate Qin Feng anymore.

The tone of those people also changed.

Many people called Qin Feng 'boy' before, but now they have become 'young people'.

Even the somewhat proud white-haired old man's expression became serious.

Everyone is also more curious, Qin Feng's test results are now.

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Unexpectedly, the absorption of the "source of soul power" by the three groups actually made his "God Punishment Eyes" evolve, reaching the level of a high-rank god.

Before he knew it, he had another magical power!

It seems that his test results this time will be some amazing 673!

In addition, his basic combat power has also been unconsciously raised to 190 million stars, which is not far from the threshold of the main **** realm.

If he were to meet God again, he would be able to kill him easily even without the sacrifice of years or the power of sacrifice.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled slightly, took out the assessment order, and put it into the card slot of the test tablet.

Click~!

A soft sound!

The assessment token was stuck in the groove.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the stele of God was activated, and a faint aura lit up!

"It's started! He's finally started!"

Everyone is excited!

They finally waited!

Om~!

In the next second, a golden light lit up on the monument

They knew that the test was about to begin, and everyone was staring at the monument

[This 'extra bonus' test begins]

[Item 1: SSS-level talent bonus item]

"Right! Do you think this person has SSS-level talent?"

"It shouldn't be possible! SSS-level talent is too difficult to obtain! Those who come here to test basically rely on titles to score points!"

As soon as these words fell, a line of information appeared on the monument.

[It is detected that the player has SSS-level talent - the awakening of the nine senses, and obtains 5 points of Shenwu points]

Boom~!

As soon as this information came out, the audience was in an uproar!

OMG!

This young man really has an SSS-level talent!

This is too great!

right!

The lotus projection method that this young man showed just now seems to be the spirit power of the nine senses. No wonder the spiritual force field is so terrifying!

Everyone was amazed!

Among the crowd, the white-haired old man was even more unexpected!

He didn't expect that Qin Feng only got 5 points in the first test.

Looking at this situation, there is a great tendency to surpass him!

But before he thought about it, the golden light lit up on the monument again, and the second line of information appeared.

[It is detected that the player has SSS-level talent - bloodline talent, and obtains 5 points of Shenwu points]

Boom~!

The audience was extremely sensational!

Chapter 676 Shattered! Lord of the universe!

My goodness!

It turns out that this young man has two kinds of SSS-level talents!

This is too exaggerated!

Everyone looked at Qin Feng in shock!

Om~!

But before they thought about it, a third message appeared on the tablet...

[It is detected that the player has SSS-level talent - the law of chaos, and obtains 5 points of Shenwu points]

Boom~!

This time, everyone's eyeballs are about to fall out!

Three!

There are three!

Om~!

But before they could take a sigh of relief, golden light appeared again on the stele!

[It is detected that the player has SSS-level talent - the law of creation, and obtains 5 points of Shenwu points]

Boom~!

Everyone was shocked!

Everyone's mouth is wide open!

God~~!

It turned out to be four!

This...isn't this an illusion? !

Om~!

But before everyone could take their breath away, gold light appeared on the monument again!

[It is detected that the player has SSS-level talent - Six Paths of Reincarnation, and 5 points of Shenwu points are obtained]

Boom~!

This time, everyone is dumbfounded!

They couldn't believe their eyes at all!

How can one person have five SSS-level talents? !

Look at them, absolutely no one in this world can do it, a person can have five SSS-level talents!

But at this moment, the golden light lit up on the monument again!

Om~!

[Detected that the player has SSS-level talent - endless extraction, get 5 points of Shenwu points]

Boom~~!

This time, everyone's brains are shut down!

They can't think at all!

Six!

There are six!

hallucinations!

Absolutely an illusion!

This can't be true!

Om~!

At this time, the divine monument once again lit up with golden light!

【End of this test】

[The player has a total of six SSS-level talents, with a total of 30 points]

Boom~~~!

This time, everyone was completely dumbfounded!

Six SSS-level talents!

30 Shenwu points!

This is completely beyond their comprehension!

Testing continues

Om~!

The monument roared, and golden light emerged!

[Item 2: Extra points for supernatural powers]

At this time, everyone finally came to their senses, swallowed hard one by one, and watched with great nervousness!

Om~!

The golden light emerges again...

Everyone knows that the second test is about to begin!

Everyone held their breath and dared not take a breath!

Om~!

[It is detected that the player has supernatural powers - Xuntian Momo, and obtain 5 points of Divine Martial Arts]

[Detected that the player has magical powers - incarnates 3,000, and gets 5 points of Shenwu points]

[It is detected that the player has magical powers - divine punishment holy light, and obtains 5 points of divine martial arts]

[It is detected that the player has magical powers-Faxiang Tiandi, and obtains 5 points of Shenwu points]

[It is detected that the player has magical powers - Six Prisons and Heaven, and obtains 5 points of Shenwu points]

One after another golden light dissipated!

A piece of information emerges!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Everyone's eyes are getting bigger and bigger, they are about to suffocate!