Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Five supernatural powers!

There are five supernatural powers!

Om~!

The monument roared, and golden light emerged!

【End of this test】

[The player has a total of five magical powers and a total of 25 points]

The whole place was dead silent!

Everyone feels their throats are dry and some are out of breath!

The air seemed to freeze at this moment!

At this time, the golden light lit up on the monument again!

[The third item: title bonus item]

The golden light appeared again...

The final test is about to begin!

Everyone forcibly pulled back their attention and looked at the monument again!

Om~!

The monument shook!

Lines of information slowly emerge!

[Detected that the player has the title - Son of Destiny]

[Child of Destiny: Supreme Title]

[Get 30 Shenwu points after selection]

Boom~!

OMG!

Even the title is supreme!

Everyone was completely stunned!

Everyone has forgotten to breathe!

But just when everyone thought that this had come to an end, the divine monument once again lit up with golden light!

Om~!

[Detected that the player has a title - protector]

[Guardian of the Dao: Holy Dao Title]

[Players get 35 Shenwu points]

Boom~!

Oh my God!

There is even a higher-level title!

The audience was dumbfounded!

Everyone froze!

Like a statue!

It was as if time stood still at that moment!

【End of this round of testing】

[Player SSS talent score: 30 points]

[Player's supernatural ability score: 25 points]

[Player title score: 65 points]

[Three cumulative scores: 120 points]

Seeing this result, everyone looked numb!

They were already shocked enough!

If you continue to be shocked, you will be shocked!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Om~!

The monument lit up with a golden light again!

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of Qinglong Starfield in this test, rewarded with +5 points of prestige and +20,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of this hall in this test, rewarded with +1 prestige point and +50,000 stars in combat power]

Click~! chah~!

Everyone was completely shocked!

One by one, it broke on the spot!

At the same moment, Qin Feng put down his palm on the tablet with satisfaction.

The results of this test are very good!

It actually gave him 120 points!

Om~!

At this moment, the sky above the hall shook, and a dazzling golden beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of his head!

In the next second, Qin Feng's battle power, momentum and prestige are soaring all the way!

He closed his eyes with joy, and once again accepted the reward of Heavenly Dao comfortably!

After a while, the rewards are over!

He slowly opened his eyes and smiled.

At this moment, his basic combat power has reached 197 million stars, which is only 30,000 stars away from the threshold of the main god's combat power.

In addition, his reputation has reached 19,000 points.

Another big gain!

However, he should hurry up and go to the next assessment...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took out his assessment order from the card slot.

The assessment order with the red pattern on the black background has another golden divine pattern.

Every time an assessment is completed, there will be one more Divine Rune.

Qin Feng has completed two assessments, and there are two golden patterns.

The four big characters "Supreme God King" engraved on the front are also more dazzling, and the rhythm is also more intense!

Qin Feng put away the token with satisfaction and walked off the test bench...

Everyone watched his every move silently, their expressions were extremely nervous, and there was an undisguised awe in their eyes!

That's awe from the heart!

That is absolute awe of the strong!

In this way, Qin Feng walked off the test bench under the awe of everyone...

The whole place was silent from beginning to end!

Everyone's heartstrings are tight!

For fear of disturbing Qin Feng!

Until Qin Feng disappeared from everyone's sight, they still stared blankly at the direction Qin Feng was leaving, and they couldn't calm down for a long time! …

A quarter of an hour later, Qin Feng stayed away from the test point.

He came to a remote place, took out the assessment order, immersed himself in the token, and checked his assessment information...

[Player: Qin Feng]

[Admission assessment: first in history, 13 points]

[Qualification Test: Supreme God King, 50 points]

[Additional points: the first in history, 120 points]

【Total score: 183 points】

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

The progress is very good!

After completing the two assessments, he scored 183 points.

According to this progress, it is not a problem for him to get a super god-level evaluation.

However, his goal is a supreme-level evaluation, and he needs to break 1 point!

This is still very dangling!

Especially when done in one day!

So, he needs to keep working hard!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, still a little guilty!

Reach 1 Shenwu point in one day!

It's so hard!

He can't relax!

Having said that, he just got 120 Shenwu points, and the purchase authority of Shenbao Pavilion has been increased by 12 times.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Just now, the reputation has increased by 15 points, and the reputation has also reached 19,000 points.

In this way, his available trading points reached 80 points.

"｀" is still 20 trading points away, so I can collect 1 trading point, and then I can afford the Houtu Spirit Egg ¨〃! "

Qin Feng smiled and put away the token.

Now, he doesn't worry about the number of times he buys permissions, but he doesn't worry about the lack of prestige.

If he wants to get 20 more trading points, then he has to get 1 more reputation.

It depends on whether he can set another record in his next test.

If it is successful, he will be able to buy Houtu Spirit Eggs.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode to the next test point...

At this moment, in his sea of ​​knowledge, there was a reminder from the heavens...

[Detected that you are the guardian and the 'child of destiny']

[It is detected that you own the wonders of heaven and earth - World Tree (the peak of the high-grade gods)]

[Detected that you have your own independent space - zero degree space (ninth order)]

[It is detected that you own the wonders of heaven and earth - the book of the present world (high-grade god-level)]

[Detected that you have mastered the Law of Chaos, the Law of Creation, and the Six Paths of Reincarnation]

【Congratulations on your potential to become the 'Master of the Universe'】

[The Lord of the Universe: You can create your own universe and become a supreme existence]

Boom~!

Hearing this news, Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were full of ecstasy!

Lord of the universe!