Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This sounds much more powerful than the Lord of the Star Field!

You can create your own universe!

However, Tiandao only reminds him that he has potential, not that he can become the master of the universe.

This thought came to me, and Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: You need to achieve the following points to activate the SSS-level 'Master of the Universe' growth mission...]

[Condition 1: Reputation reaches 20,000 points. 】

[Condition 2: The combat power exceeds 300 million stars]

[Condition 3: Air transport reaches 1 times the value]

[Condition 4: Zero-degree space is promoted to high-grade god-level]

[Condition 5: Awakening SSS-level Talent - The Law of Creation]

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng was enlightened for a while!

It turned out that he inadvertently activated an SSS-level mission—the Lord of the Universe growth mission.

However, he still needs to complete five conditions to fully activate the mission.

At present, his reputation is about to reach the standard, because it is only 1 point away.

Maybe in the next test, he can complete a condition!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart burst into flames.

Lord of the universe!

That is the supreme existence in a universe!

If he can become the master of the universe, why would he treat those star masters, domain masters, and various **** kings softly?

In his eyes, these great powers are all ants!

Chapter 677 Soul Power Test! Accidentally interrupted!

Of course, if Qin Feng wants to activate the mission of the 'Master of the Universe', he must first complete those hard-core conditions.

Thinking of this, he accelerated to the next assessment point.

He needs to hurry up and earn fame!

At the same time, in the Hall of Creation Hall, in the southern area, there is a test point.

It's very lively there!

A long queue was lined up in front of hundreds of test monuments.

Each team has thousands of people!

At this moment, in the test team in front of a test monument, a fission variant of Qin Feng is lining up.

He's in third place at the front of the line.

There are two more people in front of him, one is an old man in black robe with gray hair and the other is a young and beautiful woman in red dress.

The woman in the red dress turned back from time to time and chatted with the fission body.

It turned out that because Qin Feng's appearance was too outstanding, the woman in the red dress was amazed when she saw the fission body for the first time, so she always struck up a conversation with the fission body intentionally or unintentionally.

"Brother Qin Feng, this soul strength test is not good for our young people!"

The woman in the red dress said with a depressed expression.

The fission body looked puzzled: "Why is this?"

The woman in the red dress smiled bitterly: "As we all know, the longer you practice, the more concentrated your spiritual power will be, and the stronger your soul power will naturally be.

In fact, most of the people who can score high on this test are old monsters who are close to 3 years old! "

Speaking of which, the woman in the red dress looked helpless.

The fission body nodded if he understood.

If you are over 3 years old, you will be eliminated directly and will not be able to participate in the Shenwu assessment.

Nearly 3 years old, it is already the upper limit of age to participate in the assessment.

Having said that, he lined up and observed until now, and he did find that those with high scores were basically old people.

Players who are young in appearance generally do not score very high.

"Brother Qin Feng, you look younger than me. Can you take the liberty of asking, how old are you this year?"

The woman in the red dress suddenly asked in a low voice.

When she asked, several people in the queue nearby also perked up their ears.

These people seem to be very interested in the age of the fission variants.

Speaking of which, the fission body looks about twenty years old, and looks the youngest among these people.

But a cultivator's appearance can't tell his true age!

Regardless of the fact that the fission body is only in his twenties, it may be close to a hundred years old.

This is what everyone thinks.

The fission body smiled slightly: "22 years old!"

As soon as these words fell, several people around showed a look of astonishment.

The woman in the red dress was even more surprised: "What?! You are only 22 years old!"

Her eyes were wide open, as if she couldn't believe it.

At the age of 22, he has cultivated to the peak of the sky, and that talent is too terrible!

You know, she looks like she is only twenty-five or six years old, but in fact she is close to a hundred years old.

Even so, she was already considered an absolute genius in the star realm where she was.

Then, she sighed: "Brother Qin Feng, if you are only 22 years old, your training time is too short. This test is very bad for you!"

The tone of the woman in the red dress was a little worried.

She was inexplicably concerned about this man who was very close.

But after a few nearby players listened to it, they showed schadenfreude.

This kid is so young, his soul power is definitely not good, and he may be eliminated in a while!

huh~!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At this moment, a white light flashed next to the fission body, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

A few people around were stunned for a moment.

Before a few people could react, the fission body stepped out and merged into Qin Feng's body.

Seeing this scene, the woman in the red dress was a little stunned.

At this moment, there was a commotion in the front!

It turned out that the black-robed old man who was standing in front of the woman in the red dress had already walked to the test monument, ready to test.

Everyone's attention turned to the old man.

The woman in the red dress and Qin Feng couldn't help looking at it.

I saw the black-robed old man put his assessment order into the card slot of the **** tablet.

Om~!

The monument is activated, and it vibrates slightly!

In front of the monument, there is a half-human-high altar with a transparent crystal ball.

At this moment, the crystal ball lit up with a faint white light, which seemed to be activated.

The old man glanced at the crystal ball and put one hand on the crystal ball with a very calm expression...

Then, he closed his eyes and poured an invisible soul power into the crystal ball...

As soon as the soul power was poured in, the crystal ball lit up!

Om~!

At the same time, the stele vibrated, and golden light floated on it!

Line by line information begins to show!

Everyone looked up at the monument!

[Soul strength test begins]

[Age of the player: 297 years old]

【Soul Strength: Testing... 】

"Hey! This person is 297 years old! Then the test results should not be bad!"

"Yes! At least 1 point! If this test is 0 points, it belongs to a single test failure and will be eliminated on the spot!"

"Don't worry! Those who are over 100 years old have never seen this item get 0 points. It's a pity that there are many 0 points for those younger than 1 year old!"

The crowd kept mumbling!

It turned out that the spirit strength test was different from the extra points test.

This is a must pass item.

If you score 0 points, you will be eliminated and you will not be able to continue to participate in the assessment!

The extra points can be scored as 0!

At this moment, the black-robed old man began to pour his soul power into the crystal ball with all his strength!

Om~!

Suddenly, the crystal ball roared!

The white aura it emits is getting brighter and brighter!

The stronger the soul power poured in, the brighter the light emitted by the crystal ball!

In just a moment, the crystal ball was bright like a beacon!

On the test monument, there was finally a change...

[Soul Strength: Level 1]

[Score statistics: 1 point]

Finally, the strength of the soul power changed from the test to level 1...

A score statistic also appeared in the next second: 1 point.

It turns out that 1st level of soul power can get 1 point.

The higher the soul strength, the more points.

Seeing this scene, the crowd murmured.

"Look! I said this old man can pass the test!"

"Yeah! Being older also has the advantage of being older!"

Om~!

The old man continued to pour his soul power into it!

The light of the crystal ball is getting brighter and brighter!

However, the data on the monument remains unchanged for the time being. 1

After the old man continued to input for 20 seconds, the data on the tablet jumped a bit...

[Soul Strength: Level 2]

[Score statistics: 2 points]