Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The crowd murmured...

"Level 2 soul power! Not bad! Not bad!"

"Yeah! It's rare to get 2 points!"

"Don't look at how long people have been cultivating? 297 years old! After so many years of suffering, there will always be a difference!"

As soon as the voice fell, people continued to watch!

In a blink of an eye, the old man continued to input his soul power for 50 seconds, and the brightness of the crystal ball doubled!

The golden light lit up on the stele, and the numbers changed again...

[Soul Strength: Level 3]

[Score statistics: 3 points]

There was an uproar all around!

"Wow! Level 3 spirit strength! This is equivalent to the spirit strength of the threshold of the demigod realm!"

"Tsk! Tsk!! This is the pinnacle of heaven, and the strength of soul power can reach the threshold of demigod realm! This person is amazing!"

"Yeah! It's really amazing!"

At this moment, everyone was amazed and looked at the old man with admiration!

Om~!

After a while, the crystal ball chirped!

It exudes aura and quickly dims!

Even the rune aura on the test bench is rapidly dimming!

It turned out that each contestant could continuously input soul power for no more than 1 minute.

The old man has entered for a minute!

His test time is over, and his results are finalized!

At this moment, the old man slowly opened his eyes and looked at the monument, the final result had already appeared on it...

【This round of testing is completed】

[Soul Strength: Level 3]

[Score statistics: 3 points]

Seeing this result, the old man showed a satisfied smile.

The strength of soul power was 3 points, which was one in a thousand players.

This is definitely a good result!

Thinking of this, he stepped forward with a smile on his face, took the token, and walked off the test bench...

Everyone looked at his back with admiration.

No matter where you are, the strong will be respected!

It's not about age, it's about strength!

Seeing this scene, the woman in the red dress looked back at Qin Feng.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Brother Qin Feng, it's my turn!"

"come on!"

Qin Feng smiled and encouraged.

The woman in the red dress smiled and nodded, then walked forward

"Another one!"

"This looks so young!"

"Yeah! I'm so young, I'm afraid my grades won't be good there!"

"It's hard to say whether you can pass the test or not!"

The crowd murmured!

Women are also very nervous.

She walked nervously to the monument, stuck the token in the slot, and started the test

Soon, her test came out.

【Age of player: 91 years old】

[Soul Strength: Level 1]

[Score statistics: 1 point]

Seeing the test results, the woman finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Good thing I got a point!

She finally passed this level and was not eliminated!

There was also a chatter all around.

"Look! This is only 91 years old, so it only gets 1 point!"

"Yeah! This test is good for older people! It's not good for young people!"

"Hey! Only 91 years old! Still too young!"

"Everyone, look at the next one, it looks younger!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone's eyes fell on Qin Feng.

Qin Feng saw that he was the youngest in the test team, and it was hard not to attract attention.

At the moment, many people frowned slightly.

"This is indeed too young! I wonder if it is 70 years old?"

"Maybe, he's not even 50 years old! Judging from his handsome face, he should have broken through to the prefecture-level realm very early, so his appearance is well maintained!"

"In short, the old man is not optimistic about him! He is too young, and he will suffer a big loss in this test!"

At this moment, everyone was talking.

It was at this moment that the woman in the red dress walked off the test bench.

Qin Feng also strode up.

Finally it's his turn!

Just as the two passed by, the woman looked at Qin Feng and whispered a word of encouragement.

"Little brother! Come on!"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile and strode up.

The woman looked at his back, but was full of worry.

This guy is only 22 years old!

Can he make it through?

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

A proud voice suddenly came from behind the crowd.

"Hey! Boy! Please stop for a moment! Let my young master test first! We will give you a benefit!"

Those words were clearly said to Qin Feng.

Everyone was startled and looked at the sound.

Seeing a group of people, they came over with arrogance.

Chapter six hundred and seventy-eight of the powerful force! Rejected!

I saw more than a dozen people in that group, all wearing white robes with gold embroidery edges, and their white robes had their own holy white light.

Looking at the realm of the group, they are all False God realm powers.

The blond old man headed by him has reached the realm of true gods!

Seeing the realm of the blond old man, the audience was greatly moved, and they all showed great awe.

Heaven-level players are like ants in front of True God, how dare they not be in awe!

Some people were so scared that their expressions changed slightly, and they didn't even dare to breathe!

There was also a look of surprise in Qin Feng's eyes.

True God Almighty generally does not appear in the Creation Hall, and it is extremely rare to see True God Almighty here.

However, other heaven-level players are afraid of the power of God, but he is not afraid.

There is more than one true God who he has killed.

What's more, his current comprehensive strength has completely reached the primary level of the main god, and it is easy to kill the true **** in seconds.

In this way, how could he put the True God in his eyes?

And the person who told him to stop just now seemed to be this blond old man!

However, Qin Feng's eyes did not stop on the old man, but looked behind him.

I saw behind the blond old man, followed by a young man wearing a golden silk white robe.

The young man was blond, blue-eyed, fair-skinned, and looked a bit like Western white skin, but the bridge of his nose was not high.

However, his expression was extremely arrogant. He didn't glance at the players around him from beginning to end, let alone Qin Feng, but only looked at the test monument in front of him.

At this moment, he walked directly to the test monument, without any intention of queuing.

Qin Feng frowned slightly!

This time it's your turn to test it!

What does this guy mean by walking directly to the monument?

Are you going to join your own team?

Immediately, he quietly walked towards the monument, directly blocking the young man's path.

The blond young man frowned slightly and looked at Qin Feng with some disgust.

The blond old man was even more displeased: "Boy! Didn't you hear what this old man said before? Let my young master test it first! We will benefit you!"

The old man's tone was a little unpleasant, and there was a sense of blame.

The implication of that is that Qin Feng is ignorant and does not make way for his young master.

Obviously, the blond young man is the young master in his mouth!

Qin Feng almost laughed angrily!

This old guy is so self-righteous!

He said to let it go, so he has to let it go?

At the moment, Qin Feng said lukewarmly: "Sorry! Did I agree to let it go?"

As soon as these words came out, the old man was slightly taken aback.

He never thought that Qin Feng would say such a thing.

You know, he is really powerful!

In other words, the Heavenly Realm didn't even have the qualifications to talk to him.

This time, if it wasn't for the young master to get a chance to jump in the queue, he wouldn't even bother to talk to the heavenly players.

But he never imagined that the heavenly boy in front of him would dare to speak out against him!

This thought made the blond old man angry.

If it weren't for the ban on fighting here, he would have slapped this ignorant boy to death!