Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing this scene, everyone around was surprised and looked at Qin Feng in disbelief.

This kid is so daring, he even dares to offend the true god.

Even the woman in the red dress was shocked!

She just passed Qin Feng and was about to leave, but she didn't want such a thing to happen.

At the moment, her lips moved slightly, and she anxiously communicated to Qin Feng.

"Little brother, this old man is really powerful! Don't offend him!"

The woman in the red dress thought that Qin Feng didn't see the realm of the old man, so she kindly reminded him.

Qin Feng naturally knew that she was worried about herself.

Immediately, with a slight movement of his lips, he secretly transmitted his voice back.

"I know!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he continued to look at the blond old man calmly.

The woman in the red dress was stunned!

She couldn't understand why Qin Feng dared to do that when he knew that the other party was a true **** and almighty?

At this moment, the atmosphere in the field was a little weird.

Everyone looked at Qin Feng in surprise.

After the old man was annoyed, he seemed to have thought of something.

He sneered: "Boy, are you worried that the old man won't give you any benefits? Here~! This medicine pill will reward you!"

As soon as the voice fell, the old man turned his palm over, and there was a milky white medicine pill in the palm, emitting ten rays of brilliance!

Wow~!

As soon as the medicinal pill appeared, there was an uproar all around!

"Wow~! It's actually a demigod pill!"

Everyone was amazed!

For these heaven-level players, demigod-level pills are extremely rare treasures.

At this moment, everyone cast envious glances at Qin Feng!

This kid is so smart!

He actually knew that he wanted benefits first, and then gave up his position.

Otherwise, after the young master has finished the test, there is really no way to cheat again.

Hearing the exclamations and envy around him, the old man's mouth curled slightly, showing a smug look.

He knew it would be so!

These heaven-level players who have never seen the world will be moved when they see the demigod-level pills.

Thinking of this, he raised his chin slightly and looked at Qin Feng with high eyes.

In his opinion, this young boy will definitely be more tempted.

The younger the sky-level players, the less the world they have seen, and the fewer treasures they have seen.

The old man thought self-righteously.

The blond young man on the side also looked at Qin Feng proudly, but there was a hint of contempt hidden in the depths of his eyes.

He has seen a lot of low-level players like this who stretch their hands for benefits.

As long as there is a little sweetness, it will obediently let go.

It's just the face of this kind of person, he is a little disgusted.

Thinking of this, the blond young man looked at Qin Feng coldly.

The old man looked at Qin Feng from the top!

At this moment, he was holding the medicinal pill in his hand, but instead of throwing it away, he waited for Qin Feng to take it himself.

He thought that Qin Feng would happily take the medicine pill and thank him a lot.

But he waited for a while, Qin Feng still stood still, but there was a sneer at the corner of his mouth.

For Qin Feng, the demigod-level medicinal pill is useless, why would he care?

Not to mention the demigods, even the pills of the low-grade gods would not be of much use to him.

Now, what can make him tempted is the treasure above the middle grade **** rank.

The old man waited for a long time, but did not see Qin Feng coming to pick up the medicine pill.

He has been maintaining the posture of handing out the medicine pill, but instead it seems that he is begging for someone.

This made him unable to hold back.

"Boy! Why didn't you take the medicine pill?"

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "Sorry! I'm not interested in this medicine pill!"

Wow~!

There was an uproar all around again!

What? !

This kid doesn't want a demigod-level medicine pill?

Did they hear it right? !

Everyone is a little confused!

Even the woman in the red dress looked at Qin Feng with amazement.

In her opinion, Qin Feng's exchange of a position for a demigod-level medicinal pill is too cost-effective.

If it was her, she would have been moved.

But Qin Feng didn't want it!

The blond young man is also surprised!

The old man is even more confused!

Afterwards, he hurriedly said: "Boy, this old man is a Rank 9 Void Soul Pill. After refining it, it will greatly help you improve your soul power."

"I see that you are young, you will suffer a big loss in this soul power test, and you may even be eliminated. If you have this Void Soul Pill, your pass rate will be greatly improved!"

The old man patiently explained, for fear that Qin Feng would not know the benefits of the medicinal pill in his hand.

·

Qin Feng wanted to laugh when he heard it!

The Rank Nine Void Soul Pill, which he has refined in the past, has long been ineffective against him!

But after listening to the four players, they were moved again!

Nine-turn Void Soul Pill!

That's exactly what they need!

Even the woman in the red dress looked at Qin Feng anxiously.

She was worried that Qin Feng was too young and had insufficient soul power, so she was afraid that this round of tests would be eliminated.

If Qin Feng can get the help of this medicine pill, the pass rate will be greatly increased.

Thinking of this, she frequently winked at Qin Feng, and asked Qin Feng to quickly accept the medicinal pill, don't miss this opportunity.

But he didn't want to, Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Sorry! I'm not interested!"

As soon as the words fell, he turned around and walked towards the test monument, ignoring the old man.

The old man was stunned!

This kid is not interested in his medicine pill!

Is it...

"Hey!...Hey~! Boy, do you think one pill is too little?"

There was disdain in the old man's tone.

He thought that what Qin Feng was doing was asking for a price.

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it, and still walked towards the monument.

The old man frowned: "Boy, how about this old man who gave out two Void Soul Pills?"

Qin Feng still ignored it.

Don't say two, even if you give him a hundred, he is not interested.

The Void Soul Pill is of no use to him at all.

"Boy, this old man gives three!"

The old man spoke again.

But Qin Feng still didn't look back.

This immediately annoyed the old man.

In front of everyone's eyes, Qin Feng ignored him so much, it really didn't give him face.

As for other heaven-level players, as long as he speaks, even if he doesn't take advantage, he will enthusiastically give up his position.

This **** boy is so ignorant!

Immediately, he said coldly: "Boy, this old man advises you not to have too much appetite!"

Up to now, he still thought that Qin Feng's behavior was asking for a price.

However, his tone became cold and somewhat unkind.

The atmosphere in the arena also began to feel a little wrong.

The woman in the red dress, who was watching, suddenly became nervous.

She is worried about Qin Feng!

Qin Feng also frowned slightly, and couldn't help but turn his head and looked at the old man coldly.

"I'm asking for a price? Sorry! I just don't like your medicine pill!"

"You~!"

The old man choked with anger!

A heaven-level player actually said in front of him that he didn't like the demigod-level pills, and the ghost believed this.

Immediately, he sneered: "Boy, don't say that the old man can't see your mind. You are not good at soul power, you want to take this opportunity to corrupt a few more virtual soul pills! The old man tells you the truth, three is the limit! Change it, change it, don't change it!"RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Up to now, the old man is still self-righteous.

Qin Feng sneered and ignored it at all, turned around and walked towards the monument.

The old man is angry!

This kid is really insufferable!

"Boy, you really don't want Void Soul Pill? Just look at your young appearance, without the help of Void Soul Pill, can you pass this test?"

Qin Feng couldn't help but look back: "You can't pass this level when you are young? Your young master is also very young!"

The old man sneered: "Just you can compare with my young master?"

As soon as he mentioned his young master, the old man's face showed a look of pride.

The blond young man also showed a proud look.

He knew that next, the old man would show off his achievements.

Sure enough, the old man said proudly: "Boy, do you want to know what qualifications my young master is?"

"Not interested in!"