Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked towards the monument.

The old man's face turned black, and those who wanted to show off had no choice but to hold back.

The blond young man looked sullen.

Qin Feng's behavior made him angry for a long time.

Chapter 679 The temptation of gambling! Cast yourself in the net!

The blond young man looked at Qin Feng's back coldly!

This kid actually said 'no interest', that's clearly not taking him seriously.

When was he so ignored?

Not to mention in this crowd!

He is a person who wants face very much, how can he bear this sullen breath.

At the moment, he faced Qin Feng's back and said coldly.

"This friend, listening to your tone, it seems that you are very confident in this test, and you don't even think about three Void Soul Pills!"

Qin Feng couldn't help but stop and look back.

When he turned around, he could see the unkindness in the eyes of the blond young man.

He frowned slightly.

For this blond young man, he did not have any good feelings in his heart.

From start to finish, this guy looked like he was aloof.

Before, there was contempt for him in his eyes, others didn't notice it, but he was keenly aware of it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said coldly, "What's the matter with you?"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, everyone was shocked!

The woman in the red dress was even more frightened and looked at Qin Feng in astonishment!

Everyone knows that the blond young man is the young master in the old man's mouth, and even the old man is in awe of him.

Qin Feng is so disrespectful to him!

I'm afraid...

Sure enough, as soon as Qin Feng's words fell, the old man looked at Qin Feng angrily.

"Boy, do you know the identity of my young master? How dare you be so disrespectful to him!"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At the same time, more than a dozen False God followers behind the old man also glared at Qin Feng one by one!

This kid is so ignorant, he is really courting death to attack their young master like that!

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "What kind of identity is your young master, and what is your relationship with the young master? It's ridiculous!"

"you!"

The old man was so angry that his face was flushed, and the veins on his forehead were violent!

He is so powerful!

When was a heaven-level ant so maddened!

If it weren't for the ban on fighting here, he would have slapped Qin Feng into meat dregs!

The False God followers behind him were also furious one by one.

"Boy! My young master is the God of Light..."

The old man was about to tell the background of his young master, so that the little thief who didn't know what to do in front of him could be a little more acquainted.

"Elder Sakya! Needless to say, this young master doesn't like to use the background to press people!"

Before the old man could finish speaking, the blond young man raised his hand slightly to stop the old man from speaking.

Qin Feng's heart moved when he heard it.

Bright God Realm? !

After he killed God, he also got some useful information from his legacy.

For example, God's body is a person in the realm of light.

Unexpectedly, the guy in front of him is also from the Bright God Realm. No wonder he has blonde hair and blue eyes, which is somewhat similar to the white skin of the West.

At this time, the young master spoke again.

"Boy, this young master doesn't want to use your identity to oppress you. However, this young master sees that you are so arrogant, and thinks that you have some ability."

"Especially in this soul power test, you seem to be very confident. Otherwise, you wouldn't even look down on the Void Soul Pill. That being the case, how would you and I bet a game?"

The young master Yexi looked at Qin Feng proudly.

He is waiting for Qin Feng to take the bait.

The surrounding audience looked puzzled!

Qin Feng frowned: "Why should I bet with you? Besides, what's the benefit of gambling?"

Ye Xi smiled proudly: "Of course there are benefits! As long as you agree to bet with this young master. If you win, this young master will give you the same treasure of low-grade gods!"

"Low-grade god-level?!"

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly, revealing a touch of disdain.

With his current net worth, he is no longer interested in low-grade gods.

"Sorry! Not interested!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked towards the monument.

He didn't want to play any gambling game with this young master for a low-grade god-level treasure.

Jessie frowned.

He didn't expect that he made a bet on the low-grade **** level, and the other party ignored it.

"Boy! Don't you dare to gamble with this young master?"

Ye Xi's tone was very cold.

He couldn't hold back the anger in his heart.

Qin Feng turned back and sneered: "Is the young master obliged to gamble with you?"

"You~~!"

Ye Xi's blood was surging with anger, and the blue veins on his forehead were also throbbing violently.

Qin Feng didn't take it seriously: "Besides, the bet of the mere low-grade **** rank, the young master has not paid attention to it!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, there was an uproar around again!

Oh my God!

Low-grade god-level treasure!

This guy actually said that he didn't like it!

Could this guy also be the descendant of some peerless power?

But it doesn't look like it!

Generally, the descendants of the peerless great powers will have some followers of the False God realm beside them, and even the followers of the true God realm.

Just like Ye Xi, who is clearly in the realm of heaven, there is an elder in the realm of true gods and more than a dozen followers of the realm of false gods.

As soon as this pomp came out, I knew that it was the descendant of some super-powerful!

Looking at Qin Feng again, he is alone, and he doesn't even have a follower in the demigod realm, not to mention the followers in the virtual **** realm and true **** realm.

No matter how you look at it, Qin Feng is not like the descendant of the peerless power!

But why is this guy so loud?

Thinking of this, everyone was surprised.

And Qin Feng has already walked near the test bench.

Seeing this scene, Elder Sakya murmured in Yehi's ear.

"Young master, I think this guy doesn't dare to gamble with you, so he made an excuse to say that he can't see the treasures of the upper and lower ranks. It makes him also the descendant of some peerless power."

"But look at him, there is not a single follower, it is obviously a loose cultivator born at the bottom!"

Although Elder Sakya was muttering, his voice was not small, and everyone around him heard it.

Qin Feng naturally heard it too.

Obviously, Elder Sakya deliberately told Qin Feng to taunt Qin Feng in public, thus piercing Qin Feng's disguise.

Qin Feng felt funny when he heard those.

This hometown is so self-righteous!

And the audience around was thoughtful.

Obviously, they felt that the words of Elder Sakya were very reasonable.

Maybe, Qin Feng was really afraid, so he made such an excuse.

Nayashi is angry.

Hearing those words, his eyes lit up, and he thought to himself that it made sense.

Immediately, he opened his mouth to stop Qin Feng.

"Boy, you said that low-grade god-rank treasures don't look good, how about middle-grade god-rank treasures?"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the audience was shocked!

One by one, they looked at Yexi in astonishment!

Oh my God!

In order to bet against the young master, he actually wanted to bet on the middle-rank **** rank.

Qin Feng was also shocked.

A middle-grade god-level treasure!

That would be of great use to him too!

But before he thought about it, Elder Sakya's laughter sounded behind him.

"Young master, don't worry about it! This kid just doesn't dare to bet with you, what kind of rank bet does he care about. Don't talk about the middle-rank god-rank bet, even if you take out the high-rank god-rank, he won't agree. !"

Elder Sakya's tone was full of ridicule!

As soon as his voice fell, those False God followers also joined in.

"Young Master, I think Elder Saga is right! This kid doesn't dare to bet against you at all, it's just an excuse!"

"That's right! Young Master, this guy dared to be so arrogant because he couldn't kill each other in the temple! Do you think he would dare to be so arrogant when he left the temple?"

"Haha! No matter if he can't leave the temple, we will remember him today. In the future, in the major star fields, it is best not to let us run into him!"

The sarcasm and threats of those followers are already very blatant.

The faces of the people around him changed slightly!

This is already a naked clamor!

If Qin Feng has not responded, it means that Qin Feng is really looking for an excuse.

In the crowd, the woman in the red dress was angry and worried when she saw this scene.

She was annoyed with Yexi and his party, and some of them were too deceiving, so she forced Qin Feng to gamble.