Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

What she was worried about was that if Qin Feng really agreed to gamble, I'm afraid it wouldn't be a good thing?

At this moment, everyone's eyes fell on Qin Feng.

Everyone wanted to see how Qin Feng would respond.

If Qin Feng pretended not to hear it, it would be tacitly acquiescing to the words of the elder Sakya, which would be a shame.

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly turned around and looked at Yexi under everyone's attention.

"It seems that you have to bet with the young master. You said just now that you will bet on the middle-rank **** rank. I don't know what it is?"

Ye Xi's eyes lit up, thinking to himself that this kid finally responded!

It seems that Elder Jessa's aggressive method is very effective!

Immediately, he sneered: "You ask what it is, that means, as long as this young master takes out the bet of the middle grade **** level, you are willing to bet?"

Qin Feng smiled lightly: "Then it depends on how you gamble?"

Qin Feng did not agree!

But such a performance, in the eyes of the elders of Yehi and Sakya, is a guilty conscience!

The two looked at each other with a knowing smile in their eyes.

This little thief really doesn't dare to gamble!

That being the case, he did it thoroughly.

Thinking of this, Yexi said: "The gambling method is very simple! You and I will bet on the results of this soul power test! If you can surpass this young master, then you will win. This young master will send you a middle-rank god. tier treasure!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up: "What if I lose?"

Yexi smiled coldly: "It's very simple! If you lose, just apologize to me in public!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words came out, the whole audience was shocked!

Oh my God!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This gambling condition is too beneficial to Qin Feng!

Even if Qin Feng loses the bet, he has nothing to lose, just lose face.

Obviously, this young master is gambling for face!

Elder Sakya and the followers of the False God Realm also all showed a sudden look.

It turned out that the second master made this bet just to slap that kid in the face, and didn't want to win the other party's thing.

Thinking about it, this kid looks like the pheasant force was born, and what treasures are there.

If you don't use this method to stimulate the generals, how can you find face for your own side?

Now, the young master has opened the conditions so well!

If the kid doesn't agree to bet again, it will prove that he has been pretending, and he has lost all face.

Even if the kid agreed to bet against him, he would only lose even worse, and in the end he had to apologize to them and lose face in public!

This move, young master, is absolutely amazing!

Sakya and others admired Yehi's strategy.

To put it bluntly, they were full of confidence in Yexi's soul power and never thought that Yexi would lose.

"how do you feel?"

Jessie asked again.

"Can you show the middle-grade god-level treasure?"

Qin Feng also wanted to confirm the bet.

But when Ye Xi heard this, his heart became even more proud.

He felt that Qin Feng just didn't dare to gamble!

As long as he can't make a bet, Qin Feng has another excuse not to bet.

pity!

This kid's abacus is wrong!

Thinking of this, he turned his palm over, and there was a golden treasure in his hand!

When Qin Feng saw the treasure, his eyes were full of surprise!

That was one of the treasures he wanted!

Chapter 680 Cut off the way back! Supreme prestige!

I saw that the treasure in Yehi's hand was a golden **** card with twelve brilliance, which was the symbol of a mid-grade god-level treasure!

When the people saw the divine object, they immediately spied out.

[Supreme Prestige Card: Middle Grade God Rank]

[Use this card to get 3 reputation points]

[Reminder: You can use this card only if your own reputation exceeds 3 points]

After seeing this, everyone was stunned!

OMG!

It's a prestige card!

This is the hard currency in the Shenwu Temple!

The God Card is the lowest value existence among the treasures of the same rank.

But in this Divine Martial God Temple, the value of the Prestige Divine Card is comparable to that of the same-level artifact.

Because many people want to go to the Shenbao Pavilion to buy treasures after they arrive at the Shenwu Temple.

But most people will not be able to buy high-level treasures because of their lack of prestige.

And this supreme prestige card can add 3 prestige points, which can be exchanged for 60 trading points.

As a result, the hope of buying middle-grade god-level treasures has greatly increased.

The value of middle-grade god-level treasures is generally 80 to 1 point.

Nowadays, what Qin Feng lacks the most is prestige.

He wants to exchange for that high-grade god-rank Houtu Spirit Egg, and there is still 20 trading points left.

If he got this divine card, he would have enough immediately.

Even better, one of the five **** conditions for him to activate the Lord of the Universe can also be completed.

So, this bet, he bet!

However, he can't be too straightforward!

Otherwise, this young master finds something wrong and backs down halfway through, then the bamboo basket will be empty.

He must make this matter a reality and cut off this young master's retreat!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put on a very surprised and tangled expression, and looked at the divine card in surprise.

Yexi kept staring at Qin Feng's every move.

Seeing Qin Feng's surprised and tangled expression, he suddenly breathed a sigh of relief!

As expected, this guy didn't care because he didn't dare to gamble with him, so he pretended to be a low-rank god-level treasure.

Now, he took out the prestige card of the mid-rank **** rank, and this guy showed the expression of riding a tiger!

Ha ha!

It's up to you now!

If you don't let your face be wiped out today, he is not worthy of being the young master of the Divine Realm!

Thinking of this, the corners of Ye Xi's mouth twitched slightly, and his heart became more and more proud.

Elder Sakya also saw Qin Feng's dilemma.

He was instantly determined!

It seems that this kid is not pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger!

To be honest, when the young master took out the 'Supreme Prestige Card' as a bet, he was still a little scared.

This supreme prestige card, but the master has exhausted his efforts to get it for the young master.

The purpose is to allow the young master to buy the only high-grade god-level treasure in the Shenbao Pavilion—the Houtu Spirit Egg.

After that, the earth spirit egg was worth 2 trading points, and even if the young master used this divine card, it would still be 10 trading points less.

Because of this, the young master did not rush to use the prestige card, but thought about earning a little more prestige in the Shenwu assessment, and then going to the Shenbao Pavilion after gathering enough trading points.

With the strength of their young master, they can also earn some prestige in the assessment.

Their young master is the first genius in the history of the Bright God Realm!

Because of this, he is full of absolute confidence in the strength of his young master!

He didn't believe that in this temple, there were more geniuses than his young master.

As for the boy in front of him, it was even more impossible.

The only merit of this kid is that he is better-looking than his younger master, and there is no comparison in other aspects.

At this moment, both Yehi and Sakya elders were full of confidence.

The people around were amazed!

They were all shocked by the 'Supreme Prestige Card'!

"Boy, this treasure, my young master has already taken it out. Can you bet on it?"

Elder Sakya looked at Qin Feng arrogantly, as if he had settled for Qin Feng.

"this this"

Qin Feng pretended to hesitate.

It looked so delusional.

Seeing this, the corners of Yexi's mouth twitched slightly, and there was a hint of contempt in his eyes!

Ah!

What to wear?

Can't stand it now!

Then, he sneered: "Friend, if you don't dare to gamble, then speak up in public! This young master will not embarrass you!"

Having said that, he stared at Qin Feng with a playful look on his face, watching how this kid dealt with the embarrassment in front of him.

Qin Feng took a deep breath: "Who said I don't dare to gamble? I just feel that there is no guarantee for this gamble! If I win and you don't give me the treasure, what should I do?"

"you win?!"

The corners of Yexi's mouth were slightly raised in disdain.

Elder Sakya and the followers of the False Gods shook their heads and laughed without saying a word.

That look seems to have heard a big joke!

Their young master is the Bright God Realm, the first genius in history, how could he lose to a boy born from a pheasant force!

I don't know where this kid got his confidence.

Of course, this kid must be stubborn, making excuses and not wanting to compare.

At this moment, Ye Xi and all the subordinates all had the same idea.

However, they have already settled on Qin Feng, and this game has to be played no matter what.

At the moment, the corners of Yexi's mouth curled slightly: "Then tell me, what should I do? Do you dare to bet?"