Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng pretended hesitantly and said: "This statement has no basis, the contract is proof! You and I make a soul contract. If you lose, you have to give me treasures, and if you breach the contract, you will be punished! Of course, if I lose, I will apologize to you. Breach of contract is also condemned.”

"It's a pity! I don't have the contract scroll in my hand. If you can't get the contract scroll, then this bet can't be played. I think it's still."

Having said that, Qin Feng pretended to pause.

Ye Xi was dying of laughter!

This kid was really playing tricks and deliberately made a contract scroll to jam him.

If he can't take out the scroll, the kid has an excuse not to gamble.

How could he let this kid get his wish!

When he saw him, he turned his palm over, and there was a blank scroll in his palm, which was the contract scroll.

Then, he looked at Qin Feng with a proud face.

"I'm so sorry! This young master happens to have a contract scroll in his hand. It seems that this bet is really a sure bet!"

As soon as the words fell, he broke the blood and blood on the blank scroll, quickly wrote the contract content, and signed the contract oath.

After signing this, he threw it to Qin Feng.

"My friend, this young master has finished signing! Next, it's up to you! Don't dare not sign, and waste my scroll!"

Yexi looked at Qin Feng with a playful look on his face.

Qin Feng took the scroll and quickly looked at the contents of the contract, and saw that the contents were consistent with the description of Yexi.

Seeing this, there was a hint of joy in his heart!

This guy finally got a suit!

Afterwards, he couldn't help but look up and saw that everyone was looking at him, as if waiting for him to sign a contract.

Qin Feng pretended to hesitate for a while, then he bit his head, broke his fingers and dripped blood on the contract scroll.

Seeing this scene, everyone nodded slightly, secretly thinking that this kid is a bit bloody, and he didn't even dare to sign.

When Yexi saw Qin Feng bite the bullet and signed the contract with a bitter expression, his heart blossomed with joy.

He thought that he had driven Qin Feng to a dead end!

After a while, he must use the test results to slap Qin Feng in the face frantically, and humiliate this ignorant boy!

It was at this moment that Elder Sakya looked at him.

The two looked at each other and smiled knowingly.

They seem to have seen Qin Feng being crushed by Yexi's performance, and he is extremely embarrassed.

Today, they will let Qin Feng know what the desperate gap is!

Om~!

It was at this moment that the contract scroll was activated, it automatically floated up, and the whole body lit up with golden light!

In the next second, it turned into two **** of golden light, pouring into Qin Feng and Yexi respectively!

At the same moment, the reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded in their minds.

[The signing of the gambling contract was successful! The loser cannot break the oath, otherwise he will be punished by heaven! 】

Hearing this news, Qin Feng's expression gradually calmed down, and he breathed a sigh of relief.

The contract is finally signed!

It's too late for this young master to regret it!

Next, as long as he wins this young master, he can get the 'Supreme Prestige Card'.

"Friend, the contract has been signed! Do you test first, or do I test first?"

Jessie asked with a relaxed face.

Up to now, he still thought he had settled on Qin Feng!

In fact, he does have the capital to be proud of!

After all, he is the first genius in the history of Bright God Realm!

In the aptitude test, what he obtained was the evaluation of 'God King Qualification'.

Qin Feng is also confident in his heart.

He whispered: "I don't care!"

Ye Xi smiled coldly, he thought Qin Feng was being tough.

"That being the case, the young master will test it first!"

As soon as the words fell, he strode towards the test monument.

750 Now he just wants to slap Qin Feng in the face early, and doesn't want to delay with this kid.

"Look! The young master has started the test!"

As soon as Ye Xi was dispatched, the audience's emotions were instantly mobilized.

Everyone was watching Ye Xi's every move closely.

They are also very curious, what is the strength of this young master's soul power?

Soon, Yexi walked to the **** monument and put his assessment order into the card slot.

Then, he pressed the crystal ball on the altar with one hand.

Om~!

The next second, the stele vibrated, and golden light floated on it.

Everyone looked at the monument

[Soul strength test begins]

【Age of player: 77 years old】

[Soul Strength: Testing]

Seeing this, the audience suddenly muttered.

"Wow! Only 77 years old! This young master is too young!"

"Yeah! 77 is really too young!"

"Then this soul power test is not good for him!"

"That's not necessarily! This young master was born with a great power. At first glance, he is the descendant of a peerless power. Naturally, his soul power cannot be judged by common sense!"

"That's right! Maybe, his soul power has already reached the level of a demigod!"

"Probably!"

The crowd kept mumbling, and they were all very curious about Yexi's soul power achievements...

Qin Feng also watched silently.

He was also full of curiosity.

This is about his chance to obtain treasures!

Of course he is concerned!

At the same moment, when Elder Sakya heard the discussion of the audience, the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, and his eyes showed contempt.

These bottom-born players have really never seen the world!

He actually said that the strength of his young master's soul power only reached the demigod realm.

These people underestimate his young master!

Om~!

It was at this moment that there was a crystal roar from the front!

The test has finally started!

From the very beginning, Yexi put all his soul power into the crystal ball!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The test value on the tablet began to jump frantically.

Chapter 681: God's Domain Number One! Genius fight!

[Soul Strength: Level 1, Level 2, Level 3]

[Score statistics: 1 point 2 points 3 points]

At this moment, above the stele, the golden light is dazzling!

Test the value, beat like crazy!

In a blink of an eye, Yexi's soul power has reached level 9!

The points have also increased to 9 points at the same time!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

"Oh my god! Soul power level 9? This is the soul power level of the pinnacle of a demigod!"

"Yeah! Too strong! Too strong!"

"This young master is amazing!"

The crowd exclaimed!

Elder Sakya's mouth was slightly upturned, and he thought it was a little funny!

These bottom players have never seen the world!

The strength of his young master's soul power is more than that!

It's all just an appetizer!

Om~!

Sure enough, the crystal ball shines again!

The milky white aura it bloomed gradually turned into silver!

hum~~!

The test monument also vibrated again!

The values ​​on it have also changed𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

[Soul Strength: Level 10]

[Score statistics: 10 points]

Boom~!

This time, the audience was shocked!

Level 10 soul power!

That is the soul power level of the threshold of the False God realm!

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, the brightness of the crystal ball will increase again!

Om~!

The value on the stele jumped again!

[Soul Strength: Level 11]

[Score statistics: 12 points]

Wow~!

There was an uproar again!

The strength of soul power has increased again!

It went from level 10 to level 11!