Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

And the points have been raised from 10 to 12!

It turned out that after the strength of spirit power reaches level 10 or above, the points will increase by 2 points for each level of spirit power!

At this moment, everyone was stunned!

This young master's soul power is too terrifying!

But the test is not over yet, and Yexi is still instilling his soul power with all his strength!

After a few seconds, the brightness of the crystal ball increases again

Om~!

The monument also vibrated again!

The value on it has also changed again!

[Soul Strength: Level 12]

[Score statistics: 14 points]

Oh my god~!

The soul power level has been raised again!

Everyone's mouths are wide open!

But all this is not over yet, Yexi is still trying his best to instill his soul power

[Soul Strength: Level 13…Level 14…Level 15…]

[Score statistics: 16 points...18 points...20 points...]

In a blink of an eye, Yexi's soul power reached level 20, and his points reached 30 points!

Everyone was completely dumbfounded!

Level 20 soul power!

That is the level of the threshold of the True God Realm!

A player in the heaven-level realm, his soul power can actually reach the level of the threshold of a true god!

Those players can't even imagine it!

But it's not over yet!

Yexi continued to pour his soul power with all his strength!

Om~!

The crystal ball vibrates!

The silver aura it exudes has gradually turned into pale gold!

Om~!

The monument also vibrated again!

[Soul Strength: Level 21]

[Score statistics: 34 points]

Wow~!

The audience was in an uproar again!

The soul power level has been raised again!

From level 20 to level 21!

Points increased from 30 points to 34 points!

It turned out that after the spirit power reached level 20, the points would increase by 4 points for each level of spirit power.

At this moment, everyone was so shocked that they were speechless!

This young master's soul power is already terrifying to the point where they can't imagine!

Om~!

In a blink of an eye, the one-minute test time is over!

The crystal ball hummed for a while, and the light quickly dimmed!

The test results on the tablet are also finalized

【This round of testing is completed】

[Soul Strength: Level 24]

[Score statistics: 46 points]

Boom~!

See the results of this test!

Everyone's brains were buzzing with shock!

Level 24 spirit strength!

That is equivalent to the soul strength of the mid-level true god!

This is too scary!

Everyone looked at Yexi in shock, with awe in their eyes.

Even the elders of Sakya stroked their beards in amazement!

The young master is truly a peerless evildoer!

On top of soul power, he is actually stronger than him!

His soul power is around level 23.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

In any case, the young master's performance was so dazzling that he completely stunned everyone.

It is estimated that the kid was already scared to pee!

Thinking of this, Elder Sakya looked at Qin Feng with a proud face!

Seeing this, he was surprised.

I saw Qin Feng looking at the monument indifferently, but he didn't show the slightest shock.

what happened?

Why is this kid so calm?

Elder Sakya frowned slightly, somewhat confused.

But immediately, he sneered in his heart: "Haha! Pretend! This kid can really pretend! When you test it later, let's see how you can pretend? At that time, your kid will be disgraced 〃~!"

Thinking of this, Elder Sakya's eyes showed a look of pride.

He thought that Qin Feng's calmness was just pretending.

Afterwards, he didn't bother to look at Qin Feng anymore, and continued to look at his young master.

At the same time, Qin Feng was also looking at the monument.

He was slightly surprised.

This young master is really not weak!

The strength of its soul power has reached the mid-level of a true god!

However, this is still two levels worse than him.

His soul power has reached the limit level of a true god.

correct!

He also has some special tricks.

I don't know if those means can make him go a step further in the soul power test?

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he seemed to think of something, but he was not sure.

No matter what, he should have won the bet this time!

True God Limit vs True God Middle Stage!

There's no reason to win!

At that time, the Supreme Prestige Card will be his!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes flashed with a hint of joy!

Om~!

It was at this moment that the test monument rang again!

A dazzling golden light lit up on it, and another line of information appeared.

[Congratulations to contestant Yexi, who achieved the best result in the history of Bright God Realm in this test, rewarded with +5 points of prestige and +20,000 stars in combat power]

Boom~!

The audience was shocked again!

Oh my God!

It was actually the first genius of the Star Territory!

No wonder this young master is so strong!

At this moment, the whole place was dead silent!

Everyone looked at Ye Xi in awe, and didn't even dare to breathe.

Qin Feng also showed a look of surprise.

It turned out that this young master was called Yexi, and he really came from the God Realm of Light!

Having said that, this Yexi is indeed very powerful, and is actually the first genius of the Bright God Realm!

No wonder he is so proud!

pity! He met himself.

The corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly!

Speaking of which, he can be regarded as the first genius of the Azure Dragon Star Region!

Unknowingly, the first genius of the two star fields met here.

It's just that those people don't know, only Qin Feng knows it.

Of course, Yexi's first genius, in many respects, was under the shadow of his family's power.

Everything about Qin Feng is done by himself!

There is still a big difference between the two!

It was at this moment that Yexi retracted his palm on the crystal ball with satisfaction.

He glanced at the results on the monument, showing satisfaction.

Om~!

At this time, the sky shook, and a dazzling beam of light fell, pouring into his body

Ye Xi couldn't help closing his eyes!

After a while, he received 20,000 combat power rewards and 5 reputation rewards!

Ye Xi slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of pride.

Afterwards, he slowly walked down the test bench under everyone's attention.

At this moment, the whole place is quiet!

Everyone held their breath and looked at him in awe, not even breathing, and even looking a little nervous!

This is no ordinary young master!

He is the first genius of the Bright God Realm!