Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He relied on his own strength to shock everyone, not his background strength!

Such people are even more terrifying!

Feeling the awe around him, Yexi raised his chin slightly, and his expression became more and more arrogant.

Soon, he walked to Qin Feng!

"'" friend, it's your turn! "

As soon as these words fell, everyone thought of Qin Feng, and their eyes fell on Qin Feng again.

Just looking at Qin Feng's expression, there is some pity!

In their opinion, Qin Feng is destined to lose face this time!

I'm afraid this kid didn't expect that this time he kicked the iron plate, and it was a super hard iron plate!

Why!

This kid is destined to lose face!

Everyone shook their heads with a wry smile!

In the crowd, the woman in the red dress sighed deeply!

She has a good impression of Qin Feng, and naturally she doesn't want Qin Feng to lose face, but the fact is in front of her eyes!

The woman sighed helplessly in her heart!

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, Qin Feng smiled slightly and walked directly to the test monument

Seeing this scene, Ye Xi frowned slightly.

This kid's calmness is somewhat unexpected!

Does this kid really have some trump cards?

But before he could think about it, Elder Sakya brought his subordinates and walked over with a look of joy.

"Congratulations, Young Master! Congrats Young Master! You really won the first place in the Divine Realm of Light in this one! The old man admires it extremely!"

"Yeah! The talent of the young master is beyond my reach!"

All the subordinates are flattering enthusiastically!

Of course, they also sincerely admired Yeshi.

Hearing the flattery made Yehi happy.

He smiled and said, "This is not the time to talk about those things, I'll wait to see the results of that kid first!"

Sakya stroked his beard and said with a smile: "Young Master, how can he compare with the Young Master just because he was born from a pheasant power? Look at it or not! It is destined to lose! The old man has already thought that when he apologizes later The embarrassing appearance!"

As soon as these words fell, several people smiled knowingly.

At this moment, Qin Feng stepped onto the test bench and put his token into the card slot!

The monument was instantly activated, and a faint aura lit up.

Then, Qin Feng pressed the crystal ball on the altar with one hand.

Om~!

In the next second, the stele vibrated, and golden light appeared!

Everyone looked at the monument...

Yehi and the others also looked up...

[Soul strength test begins]

【Age of player: 22 years old】

[Soul Strength: Testing]

Boom~!

When this information came out, the audience was shocked!

What? !

This kid is only 22 years old? !

Done! Done!

Then this kid is completely done!

22 is too young!

I'm afraid that even this test will not pass!

Everyone shook their heads!

In the crowd, the woman in the red dress even smiled bitterly!

She knew deeply that the worse Qin Feng's grades were, the more embarrassed he would be in the future. Seven!

It's just that she doesn't know that Qin Feng's soul power is much stronger than Yexi! .

Chapter 682 Amazing results! Crow's Mouth!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"Young Master, it turns out that this kid is only 22 years old! Then his soul power is definitely not high! This time, he is completely finished!"

At this moment, the elder Sakya showed a schadenfreude.

Ye Xi also smiled knowingly.

Afterwards, they stared at the monument expectantly, waiting for Qin Feng to lose face.

At the same moment, the onlookers all shook their heads.

It can be said that no one in the field is optimistic about Qin Feng, and basically everyone thinks that Qin Feng will be eliminated on the spot.

Om~!

It was at this moment that the crystal ball in front of the test monument sounded a vibrating sound!

The test has finally started!

Everyone also held their breath and stared at the monument!

At the same moment, in Qin Feng's mind, a reminder of Tiandao sounded

【Test time 60 seconds! Countdown starts: 659]

Om~!

As soon as the timing started, Qin Feng's mind moved, and he directly input a soul power into the crystal ball!

Om~!

The stele suddenly vibrated, and the golden light on it was released, and the test value changed directly...

[Soul Strength: Level 1]

[Score statistics: 1 point]

"Hey! It broke 0!"

"So fast!"

Everyone's eyes widened, a little surprised!

They thought Qin Feng was going to be eliminated!

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng broke 0 as soon as he came up!

Nayashi and Sakya were even more astonished!

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, the mutation suddenly occurred!

At this moment, Qin Feng began to inject soul power into the crystal ball with all his strength!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Suddenly, the stele vibrated frantically, and the golden light kept flashing!

The test value on it jumped wildly.

[Soul Strength: Level 2, Level 3, Level 4]

[Score statistics: 2 points, 3 points and 4 points]

In a blink of an eye, the strength of the soul power reached level 10!

Everyone was stunned!

Yehi and Saga were even more dumbfounded!

Level 10 493 Soul Power!

That is the threshold of the False God Realm!

This kid's soul power has reached the threshold of False God Realm?

Ye Xi looked at Qin Feng's back in surprise!

hum~~!

But don't wait for him to think about it,

The milky white aura that the crystal ball blooms has turned into the color of pure silver!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the stele vibrated frantically again!

The test value on it jumped wildly again...

[Soul strength: Level 11...Level 12...Level 13...]

[Score statistics: 12 points...14 points...16 points...]

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng's soul power reached level 20!

Points reached 30 points!

Wow~!

There was an uproar!

"My God! This young man's soul power has reached level 20!"

"Level 20 is the threshold level of the True God Realm!"

"Genius! It turns out that he is also a soul power genius!"

The crowd exclaimed!

In the crowd, the woman in the red dress was so excited that her eyes lit up!

Level 20 soul power!

Now, even if Qin Feng loses, he is still proud!

Only a heavenly realm has reached the soul power of the threshold of a true god. How many people in this world can do it?

Only those monster-level geniuses can achieve such a terrifying level!

Yehi and Saga were also dumbfounded!

Cold sweat broke out on the foreheads of the two of them, and they couldn't help but look at each other face to face!

Those False God followers were even more shocked and speechless.

At this moment, the silver aura emanating from the crystal ball has gradually turned into pale gold!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the stele vibrated again, and the values ​​on it changed again!

[Soul Strength: Level 21…]

[Score statistics: 34 points...]

The crowd exclaimed again!