Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The four corners of their mouths pursed slightly, revealing a hint of mockery.

It turned out that the weakness of this human being is the energy attribute.

The weaker the energy, the easier it is to fall into the illusion of a woman.

At this moment, this human being has been completely bewitched by illusion, and has become unaware of resistance.

Now is the perfect time for them to take action!

With this in mind, the four resentful spirit messengers shot at the same time.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The sound of breaking the air is continuous!

The middle-aged man was the first to kill Qin Feng and slashed at Qin Feng's head with an axe.

He wants to split this human being in half alive!

Whoo~!

Axe wind howls!

In the blink of an eye, the axe blade was close to Qin Feng's head.

At the same time, beautiful women, young men, and old men were also killed.

At this extremely critical moment, Qin Feng suddenly slanted slightly, easily avoiding the slash of the giant axe, and at the same time a cold light flashed in his hand.

Swish~!

The sword is soaring into the sky!

The cold light pierced the night sky!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The knife light went from top to bottom, splitting the man in half, and even the armor he was wearing was split in half.

This sudden scene shocked the audience.

But before they could react, the cold light flashed again in the field.

Swish~!

Qin Feng split the second knife.

The head of the middle-aged woman flew up.

roar~! roar~!

The old man and the young man roared in shock, and slashed at Qin Feng's back with a knife and a sword.

When~! When~!

Qin Feng turned around abruptly, and the horizontal knife responded, attacking the two of them.

With two golden and iron symphony!

The old man and the young man were slashed and flew out.

At this moment, Qin Feng brought the profound meaning of B-level power into full play.

Thump~! Thump~!

It was at this moment that the two halves of the middle-aged man's body sank to the ground.

The head of the beautiful woman rolled far on the ground, her eyes were wide open, full of disbelief.

Not far away, the woman in the white dress was completely dumbfounded.

It was at this moment that Qin Feng slowly raised his head, revealing a pair of clear eyes.

There's no such thing as an illusion.

It turned out that Qin Feng had disguised the illusion before.

The purpose is to confuse these resentful spirit messengers, so as to be unexpected and come to a sudden counter-kill.

Facts have proved that his strategy is quite powerful!

Besides, his four-dimensional index is the most energetic.

He has mastered the talent of mind again, how is it so easy to be confused by illusion.

At this moment, the corpse on the ground continuously lit up with white light.

[Killing the 13905-level Wraith Messenger (King-level) successfully, obtaining +130 Judgment Points and +9000 Energy Points. 】

[Successfully killed the 15th-level Wraith Messenger (king level), obtaining +130 Judgment Points and +9000 Energy Points. 】

[Killing the 15th-level Wraith Messenger (King-level) successfully, the quest item - dark spar is exploded. 】

[Killing the 15th-level Wraith Messenger (King-level) successfully, the quest item - dark spar is exploded. 】

Ha ha!

Two dark spars burst out in a row.

Qin Feng was secretly delighted.

However, he didn't have time to pick it up.

Because there are still three resentful spirit messengers staring at them.

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was extremely anxious.

"Brothers, 20 minutes have passed, and the number of people who got the scrolls has risen to 67. Why hasn't there been any movement from Boss Qin Feng?"

"Yeah! It's been 20 minutes, and Qin Feng hasn't gotten the third spar, so worrying!"

"Brothers, hold your breath! Boss Qin Feng must be fighting hard!"

"When you say that, I'm even more panicked. I hope boss Qin Feng is all right!"

"Yeah! I'm afraid that Qin Feng will have an accident. If he is gone, the Optimus Pillar of our village will be destroyed!"

"Woooooo! Please don't scare me, okay?"

"Everyone, there's no information for 20 minutes, you're just so pessimistic, aren't you just adding to the chaos!"

"That's right! Everyone shut up, kill the monsters quickly, find Lingcao quickly, and make a little contribution to the boss of Qin Feng!"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Exactly!"

At the moment, everyone held back their apprehension and continued to fight.

At the same time, above the square.

The woman in the white dress recovered from the shock for a while.

roar~!

The next second, she made a strange roar, like a beast roar.

That beautiful face has also become extremely hideous.

She finally understood that the humans in front of her had deceived them all.

This human has no illusions at all.

anger!

Incomparable anger!

She is going to tear this cunning human to shreds!

roar~!

With another roar, the woman slaughtered Qin Feng.

At the same moment, the old man and the young man also got up from the ground and killed them together......

Chapter 86 Beheading! Seven spar!

Whoo~!

A gust of wind hit, stirring the thick fog in the field to roll rapidly.

In the blink of an eye, the woman was in front of Qin Feng, her slender hands turned into sharp claws, and she digged directly towards Qin Feng's chest.

Qin Feng hurriedly dodged and slashed away.

"die!"

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Knife gas vertical and horizontal!

puff~!

Qin Feng split the woman in half with one knife.

Before he could be happy, the woman's body collapsed and turned into countless petals, wrapping around him.

Fuck it~!

Is this illusion?

Or skill?

At this time, the old man and the young man also killed at the same time.

Swish~! Swish~!

A sword and a sword came to Qin Feng at the same time.

Qin Feng quickly turned to face him.

Wow~la~la~!

But at this moment, the petals flying all over the sky swirled around him, and in the blink of an eye, they turned into green vines full of thorns, binding his whole body.

Qin Feng was shocked.

This woman is so weird!

She should have the dual talents of illusion and wood, and the means are hard to guard against.

At this moment, Qin Feng was so tightly bound that he couldn't move.

The attack of the old man and the young man followed closely.

At this moment, Qin Feng's hands and feet were tied and he could no longer resist.

The eyes of the old man and the young man were full of joy.

They thought that Qin Feng was going to die under their swords.

But at this moment, a mutation arose.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng activated the mysterious crystal armor, covering his whole body with a layer of crystal armor.

Like a **** of war, with extraordinary momentum.

When~! When~!

Two golden and iron symphony-like sounds!

Crystal fragments, flying everywhere!

That knife and sword slashed on top of the crystal armor, splitting Xuanjing, but it was blocked by the inner dragon elephant king armor.

The Dragon Elephant King Armor is Tier 4 equipment, and its defensive power is extremely amazing, completely blocking the remaining power of the sword.

Ha ha! !

He wasn't hurt!