Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Ye Xi's face changed slightly, and he could no longer be calm.

His soul power level is only 24!

This kid is now level 21 and is about to catch up with him.

Seeing this, Saga quickly comforted him: "Young master, don't worry! Forgive this kid's soul power, it's only level 21!"

Om~!

His voice just fell, and the test value on the stele jumped!

[Soul Strength: Level 22…]

[Score statistics: 38 points...]

Soul power level has increased!

Qin Feng has reached level 22!

Saga is embarrassed!

This is too fast!

Ye Xi's face is even more gloomy!

That kid is level 22!

Only 2 levels worse than him!

Now, even if he wins this bet, it's only a slight victory, and he can't win it!

What's more, he is a young master born with great power.

At first glance, that kid was born from the bottom forces!

In such a comparison, even if the kid loses, he is still honored!

Damn it!

Jehi cursed in anger

This is not the result he wants at all!

"Young master, don't be angry! This kid is level 22! He has to apologize to us after all!"

When Sakya saw that Yehi's face was wrong, he quickly comforted him in a low voice.

Om~!

As soon as his words fell, the stele vibrated again!

[Soul Strength: Level 23…]

[Score statistics: 42 points...]

Wow~!

The audience was shocked!

Oh my God!

This young man's soul power is level 23!

Only one level worse than Young Master Yehi!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Sakya blushed with embarrassment!

Damn it!

He was slapped in the face again!

And Yexi opened his eyes even more, staring at the numerical value on the monument!

This kid is only one level worse than him!

Going to catch up with him soon!

If this kid is also level 24, what face does he have?

You know, he is 77 years old, 55 years older than Qin Feng, and he has already taken advantage of his age!

In this way, even if he and Qin Feng are both level 24 and they are tied, he will lose face.

What's more, he is still a young master with a big power background!

If you are tied with a low-level power kid, what else is there to be proud of?

But the more you don't want to come, the more you come!

Om~!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again, and the test value on it jumped again!

[Soul Strength: Level 24…]

[Score statistics: 46 points...]

Boom~!

This time, the audience was completely shocked!

"My God! Level 24! This young man is also level 24!"

"My God! It's a tie! He's actually tied with Master Yexi!"

"Yeah! Master Yexi belongs to the number one genius in the star field! I didn't expect this young man to be so powerful!"

At this moment, everyone saw their blood boil!

They didn't expect to see two peerless monster-level geniuses in a row today!

What a feast for the eyes!

In the crowd, the woman in the red dress was even more pleasantly surprised!

Qin Feng's performance really surprised her!

And the faces of Yexi and his party are ugly!

They didn't expect it to be like this!

not good!

Suddenly, Ye Xi thought of something, and his face changed greatly.

He remembered something very important.

That is the post-earth spirit egg!

It turned out that the Houtu Spirit Egg was worth 2 trading points.

He was only 10 trading points away from buying it.

In the test just now, he got 5 reputation points, which is exactly 10 trading points.

With such a calculation, he was able to buy the rear earth spirit eggs.

Of course, that was only after he used the 'Supreme Prestige Card' to reach 2 trading points.

But from the current situation, he may lose the 'Supreme Prestige Card'!

Thinking of this, Ye Xi was completely panicked.

That prestige card was obtained by his father after spending a lot of energy!

If he's going to lose, then...

The more she thought about it, the more uneasy she became!

But with the Heavenly Dao contract, he didn't dare to breach it!

At this moment, Yexi realized that he had no way out!

At this moment, he suddenly felt that he might have been tricked by Qin Feng!

Before he could think about it, Sakya's voice sounded in his ears.

"Young Master, don't worry! Both are level 24, so it's a tie! Your Supreme Prestige Card can be kept!"

Sakya looked sincerely consoling.

He was like a roundworm in Jesse's stomach, and he knew what Jesse was worried about.

But his voice fell, and the mutation regenerated!

hum~~!

Test the stele, and vibrate again!

Both Yehi and Sakya raised their heads in horror, and saw the golden light on the monument!

The value on it jumped again!

[Soul Strength: Level 25…]

【Score statistics: 50 points…】

Boom~!

Ye Xi was shocked!

His eyes widened in disbelief!

Lost!

He lost!

You know, he is the number one in the Bright God Realm!

He actually lost!

Sakya is also completely stunned!

He was completely slapped in the face!

Why does this kid get a level up every time he finishes speaking?

Instead of upgrading before he said it!

Made him look like a crow's mouth!

And the audience is completely boiling!

"My God! He actually won!"

At this moment, everyone looked at the value on the monument in disbelief!

Om~!

But before they could breathe a sigh of relief, a golden light lit up on the monument again...

[Soul Strength: Level 26…]

[Score statistics: 54 points...]

OMG!

It has been upgraded again!

Everyone was shocked again!

Damn it!

Ye Xi was even more shocked and angry!

He would have lost!

Qin Feng is one level stronger than him!

Why is it upgraded now?

As a result, Qin Feng's soul power is 2 levels higher than his!

This made him extremely angry!

The higher Qin Feng's soul power is, the louder he will be hit in the face!

Now, he only hopes that Qin Feng's soul power will stop here and not upgrade any more.