Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Even if he wants to lose, he has to lose decently, not too much!

But this thought only came up, and Sakya's voice sounded in his ears.

"Young Master, this old man thinks..."

Om~!

Before he could finish speaking, the monument changed again, and a golden light lit up on it!

[Soul Strength: Level 27…]

[Score statistics: 58 points...]

Boom~!

Saga was dumbfounded!

He only opened his mouth, and he didn't have time to say it, why did he escalate it again?

Ye Xi's eyes were burning with fire!

Immediately, he thought of something, turned his head slowly, and looked at Sakya angrily.

"you shut up!"

That tone was full of endless resentment!

At this moment, Ye Xi's reason was about to be swallowed up by anger.

He now has 10,000 reasons to suspect that Saga is a crow's mouth.

As long as he opens his mouth, there is absolutely nothing good!

Sakya was both frightened and aggrieved.

"Master, I"

Sakya wanted to defend himself a few words.

But his mouth opened, and the mutation regenerated!

Om~!

The divine monument once again lit up with golden light!

[Soul Strength: Level 28…]

[Score statistics: 62 points...]

Boom~!

This time, Ye Xi was completely angry!

With red eyes, he stared at Sakya angrily!

It is this crow's mouth, as long as it makes a sound, there is absolutely no good thing! .

Chapter 683 Extraordinary performance! Stunning the audience!

Seeing the incomparably angry eyes of the young master, Sakya was completely frightened!

He tried his best to open his mouth, subconsciously trying to justify a few words!

But he only opened his mouth, and Yexi's eyes were about to pop out.

This old thing wants to speak again!

At this moment, Yexi couldn't wait to block Saga's mouth~ba!

Sakya also realized something, he swallowed hard what he was about to say, and held it back abruptly.

Seeing this scene, Yexi let out a sigh of relief.

He looked back again, and the spirit power value on the monument was stuck at level 28, no longer changing!

It looks like it's all over!

This kid's soul power is level 28!

Why! Level 28!

4 levels higher than him, 16 points more!

This gap is too big!

Ye Xi's face was extremely gloomy!

For him, the 16-point gap is already hitting him hard in the face!

But he is not reconciled!

At the same moment, everyone was shocked and speechless!

The eyes that looked at Qin Feng were full of incomparable awe!

Level 28 soul power!

This has reached the limit level of a true god!

It was two small realms higher than Young Master Yehi!

It's incredible!

At this moment, everyone was amazed!

Their admiration for Qin Feng has completely surpassed that of Yexi!

This is not only because Qin Feng's soul power is stronger, but also because Qin Feng sees that the bottom forces were born.

With such a birth, it is truly amazing to be able to surpass Yexi in one fell swoop, which makes people feel revered!

In fact, since Yexi appeared on the stage, he always looked down on the lower-level forces, and they all saw it.

For this, they neither dared to be angry, nor dared to speak!

Now, they are inexplicably happy when they see Qin Feng win against Yexi!

Of course, they dare not show it on their faces.

At this moment, Sakya also saw that the value on the tablet finally stopped.

"Hoo~!"

He couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief, thinking that it was finally over.

But just as he let out a long breath, there was also a small voice.

That is, this voice fell, and the mutation regenerated!

Behind Qin Feng's head, a phantom of a huge lotus flower suddenly appeared, with nine petals blooming and exuding an extremely holy white light!

That is the Holy Lotus of Mind!

Om~!

As soon as the phantom of the holy lotus appeared, the monstrous spiritual force field instantly enveloped the audience!

The souls of everyone in the audience throbbed inexplicably!

Even Jessie is no exception!

He suddenly opened his eyes in horror, and looked at the Saint Lotus of Heart Consciousness in shock!

What is this?

Why does it affect his soul throbbing?

It turns out that the holy lotus of mind is formed by the fusion of nine consciousnesses including eye consciousness, ear consciousness, nose consciousness, tongue consciousness, body consciousness, consciousness, mana consciousness, alaya consciousness, and amara consciousness!

It has the effect of pulling the nine senses of all beings!

Similarly, it also has the miraculous effect of condensing the host's soul power!

Om~!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

When Qin Feng thought about it, the holy lotus phantom burst out with endless holy light, illuminating all directions!

In just a moment, Qin Feng was enveloped by the holy white light, looking extremely dignified!

At the same moment, his soul power was really condensed!

Qin Feng quickly poured soul power into the crystal ball.

Om~!

In the next second, the aura emanating from the crystal became even more dazzling!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the monument trembled and lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The test value on it also jumped a bit...

[Soul Strength: Level 29]

[Score statistics: 66 points]

Boom~!

This time, the audience exploded!

Gosh!

Upgraded again!

Level 29 soul power!

Ye Xi was completely dumbfounded!

He thought that level 28 was Qin Feng's limit!

Unexpectedly, this kid has risen to level 29 again!

Nasaka was even more stunned!

isn't it?

He just took a long breath and made a small noise, and this guy immediately upgraded!

Could it be... Could he really be a crow's mouth?

Can't even make a sound?

At this moment, Sakya has fallen into deep self-doubt.

Suddenly, he thought of the young master. I wonder if the young master would blame him?

Thinking of this, he looked at his young master nervously.

At this moment, I saw that Yexi was completely stunned, standing there blankly, looking at the monument in disbelief.

He breathed a sigh of relief and carefully swallowed his saliva!

"Gudong~!"

The saliva was swallowed, and another small sound was made!

Om~!

The stele immediately vibrated again, and the data on it jumped again!

[Soul Strength: Level 30]

[Score statistics: 70 points]

Saga was also completely stunned!

Done!

He really is a crow mouth!

As long as he makes a sound, no matter how small, that kid will be promoted to a level!

At this moment, Saga himself was a little desperate!

Those onlookers were completely stunned!