Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Upgraded again!

Level 30 soul power!

This has reached the threshold level of the main **** realm!

A soul power of the heaven-level realm can actually reach the threshold level of the main god, which is much stronger than Yexi!

This is completely beyond their imagination!

At the same moment, next to the test bench.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and looked at the monument with surprise!

good!

Level 30!

Opening the mind of the holy lotus is really useful!

It turned out that the upper limit of Qin Feng's spirit strength was level 28.

He knew that the Holy Lotus of Mind could condense the strength of soul power in a short period of time, so he thought of using it to try it out.

Unexpectedly, he actually succeeded in the test, and his spirit power level rose by 2 levels in a row, which helped him gain 8 more Shenwu points!

However, the help of the Heart-born Saint Lotus has ended here!

It is impossible for him to improve any further.

It seems that his soul power score is level 30.

He is very satisfied with this result.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng wanted to end the test.

At this time, he glanced at the test time again, and there were still 3 seconds left!

what! correct!

He still has a trick he hasn't used yet!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he seemed to think of something.

In the next second, his mind moved, and a looming white light was poured into the crystal ball with all his strength.

That white light is his power of luck!

Luck is invisible and intangible, but it is omnipotent!

Qin Feng also didn't know whether the blessing of the power of luck could strengthen the soul power a little more.

But he knows that with the blessing of the power of luck, the combat power will be improved!

Anyway, he just wanted to try it!

This attempt, the endless power of luck, was madly poured into the crystal ball by him.

The crystal ball that was originally bright to the extreme has changed again at this moment...

The pale golden aura it exudes gradually turned into pure gold, which is extremely dazzling!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the stele of the gods sang, and a dazzling golden light also lit up!

The test value on it has changed again!

[Soul Strength: Level 31]

[Score statistics: 78 points]

That soul power level has risen from level 30 to level 31!

But the points have risen from 70 points to 78 points!

It turns out that after the spirit power reaches level 30, the points will increase by 8 points for each level of spirit power!

Boom~!

This time, the field became dead silent!

The air also became extremely solidified!

Everything is eerily quiet!

As if time stood still at this moment!

Level 31!

That has crossed the threshold of the main **** and stepped into the initial level of the main god!

The early days of the Lord God!

That is an existence that no living being can imagine!

At this moment, everyone held their breath, like a statue, standing there dumbfounded!

At the same time, Qin Feng also sensed that his luck blessing had reached the limit and could no longer be improved.

Om~!

At this moment, the one-minute test time is over!

The crystal ball hummed for a while, and the aura quickly dimmed!

The test results on the stele are thus finalized...

【This round of testing is completed】

[Soul Strength: Level 31]

[Score statistics: 78 points]

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, and the shadow of the holy lotus behind his head disappeared.

He also withdrew his hand on the crystal ball, looked up at the monument, and showed a smile.

This result completely exceeded his expectations!

He is very satisfied!

Om~!

At this time, the monument lit up with a golden light again!

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of Qinglong Starfield in this test, rewarded with +5 points of prestige and +20,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of this hall in this test, rewarded with +1 prestige point and +50,000 stars in combat power]

The reward is here again!

Seeing this scene, everyone was completely numb!

In fact, this is already what they expected!

Yeshi can become the number one in the Light God Domain!

It is not surprising that Qin Feng has become the first in the history of this hall.

Of course, it is terrible that this hall has the first in history!

That is equivalent to the first genius in a hundred star fields, and the gold content is much higher than that of the first star field!

Om~!

Just then, the sky shook!

A dazzling golden beam of light fell on Qin Feng's head!

In the next second, his combat power and prestige skyrocketed!

The Heavenly Dao Reward has begun!

He closed his eyes comfortably and accepted the future...

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes, his eyes full of joy.

After some rewards just now, his basic combat power has reached 2.4 billion stars, which has reached the threshold of the main **** realm.

His reputation has also reached 250,000 points.

The trading points have accumulated to 110 points again, and they can afford the Houtu Spirit Egg.

After other people buy the earth spirit eggs, they need 2 trading points.

He is the son of destiny, and shopping at Shenbao Pavilion is half price, and only 1 transaction point is enough.

correct!

He also has a huge catch!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked at Yexi!

At this moment, Ye Xi's face was lost, obviously he had not recovered from the shock.

Qin Feng smiled and walked off the test bench.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

【Congratulations on breaking 20,000 reputation points! Completed the **** conditions for activating the 'Master of the Universe' quest. 】ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

【You still have four **** conditions to complete! 】

Qin Feng smiled slightly, secretly thinking that there was finally progress.

He then continued walking towards Yehi

Seeing this scene, everyone also relaxed!

The test is finally over!

The betting is over too!

Qin Feng won!

Win very thoroughly!

Soon, Qin Feng came to Yexi.

Ye Xi finally recovered.

Seeing Qin Feng in front of him, he was extremely angry and unwilling!

In this game, he scored 46 points, but Qin Feng scored 78 points, 32 points more than him!

This completely crushed him!

Slap his face!

But he is not reconciled!

"Bring it!"

Qin Feng didn't talk nonsense, and directly asked for the Supreme Prestige card.

Chapter 684: Earth, Fire, Water, Wind! Fire Origin Crystal!

At this moment, Ye Xi's face was extremely ugly.

But he didn't dare to violate the contract!

What's more, the audience was silently watching him and Qin Feng!

He was embarrassed to lie in front of everyone's eyes.

Thinking of this, he took out the 'Supreme Prestige Card' with a painful face, and angrily threw it to Qin Feng!

"Give you!"

huh~!

The Supreme Prestige Card instantly turned into a golden light and shot towards Qin Feng.

As soon as Qin Feng stretched out his hand, he caught the card.