Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Then, he glanced at the divine card in his hand, and showed a satisfied smile.

This time the harvest is really good!

3 points of prestige is coming!

Now, one of the resources he needs most is prestige.

There are also seven kinds of middle-grade god-level treasures in the Shenbao Pavilion!

He wanted it all, but the trading points in his hand were insufficient.

According to the value of each middle-grade god-level treasure, it is worth 1 transaction point, and seven kinds of middle-grade artifacts require 7 transaction points.

He is the Son of Destiny and can be purchased at half price, but also requires 350 trading points.

Currently, he has 110 trading points in his hands.

After deducting the 1 point of the purchased earth spirit egg, there are 10 trading points left.

Now I have this Supreme Prestige Card, which can be exchanged for 60 trading points.

In this way, he can allocate 70 trading points, which is still a long way from 350 trading points.

Qin Feng has great ambitions!

He wanted to wipe out all the mid-grade god-level treasures in the Shenbao Pavilion.

pity!

His reputation is not enough!

However, he is very satisfied with the current harvest.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the Supreme Prestige Card with satisfaction.

Seeing this scene, Ye Xi's fair skin twitched, and he seemed very distressed!

That was the prestige card that his father had spent a lot of effort to get him. The purpose was to let him buy the 'Hour Earth Spirit Egg'.

Now, he has lost!

no!

He can't just lose in vain!

What's more, the Supreme Prestige Card was extremely important to him, and he couldn't just lose it.

Without the prestige card, he can't afford the Houtu Spirit Egg!

According to what his father said, the Houtu Spirit Eggs in the Shenbao Pavilion are innate spiritual pets, and they are accompanied by great luck.

As long as you mature, you can grow into the main **** realm, and even have the opportunity to cultivate into the **** king realm.

How could he miss such a potential spiritual pet?

But if he wants to buy Houtu Spirit Egg, he has to win back the Supreme Prestige Card!

"Qin Feng! Let's bet one more game!"

Jessie spoke coldly.

By now, he already knew Qin Feng's name.

Before, it has been shown on the stele that Qin Feng won the first place in the Azure Dragon Star Region and the first place in the history of the temple!

The Azure Dragon Star Region is number one, and he has no objection.

After all, the Qinglong Starfield has declined, and the strength of the starfield that belongs to the bottom of the hundred starfields is far inferior to their Bright God Realm.

He hasn't put the Azure Dragon Starfield in his eyes yet!

As for the number one in the history of this hall, Yexi is very unconvinced!

He thought that Qin Feng could win because Qin Feng was good at soul power, so he was lucky to win him.

And he is not good at soul power, so unfortunately he lost!

"One more bet?"

Qin Feng looked at Yexi in surprise!

He could see that this guy was not reconciled!

"That's right! One more game!"

Yeshi's tone was firm.

He must win back the Supreme Prestige card.

That's so important to him!

Qin Feng sneered: "Do you want to lose again?"

Ye Xi was furious: "Boy! You just won a game by luck, and you really think that the young master is weaker than you? To tell you the truth, the weakest item of the young master is soul power. If it were replaced by other items, it would definitely be You lose!"

Yeshi has always been strong!

How could he admit that he is not as good as Qin Feng!

Qin Feng smiled slightly.

All he wants is to provoke Jesse!

As soon as this guy saw it, he had quite a few treasures on his body, so he could continue to dig.

Of course, he did not underestimate Ye Xi!

This guy is really strong!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng asked, "Tell me! How do you want to bet?!"

Yexi took a deep breath: "Just bet on the 'Supreme Prestige Card' in your hand!"

Qin Feng smiled: "So you want to win back the Supreme Prestige Card!"

Then, he asked again: "Then what do you take as a bet?"Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Betting?" Ye Xi was stunned.

Qin Feng frowned: "What? Since you want to bet, don't you want to bet?"

Yexi said angrily: "You didn't put out your bet in the last bet. What this young master meant, we followed the same rules as before. If you win, this young master apologizes to you in public. If you lose, Just return the Supreme Prestige Card to me!"

"Haha! Young Master Yexi, you think so beautifully! Unfortunately, I don't have any interest in your apology! If you want to bet, then take out the equivalent treasure and make a bet, otherwise we won't talk about it!"

After saying this, Qin Feng is about to leave.

Jessie was furious!

Damn little thief!

After cheating to win his Supreme Prestige Card, he turned his head and ignored the previous rules.

But if this little thief is let go, he really has no hope of winning back the prestige card.

no!

He must win the prestige card back!

That's so important to him!

Immediately, he shouted to Qin Feng's back: "Boy! This young master will bet with you on a mid-grade fetish!"

Qin Feng stopped and turned back: "Oh, what treasure? By the way, this supreme prestige card is not only a mid-grade god-level treasure, but also a hard currency in the temple. If the value of your treasure is too low, I have no interest in talking with you again. Take a gamble!"

Hearing Qin Feng asking for a price, Yexi was extremely angry.

He sneered: "Oh! Qin Feng! It can be seen that your Qinglong Starfield is poor in resources. I'm afraid you haven't seen a few middle-grade artifacts."

"Looking at you getting a Supreme Prestige Card, it's like getting a huge treasure. Then the young master will let you increase your knowledge! How do you look at this treasure?"

As soon as the voice fell, Yexi turned his palm over, and a red spar suddenly appeared in the air!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the spar came out, it emitted a sky-high red light, making the world tremble!

Everyone around was moved, and they all spy out!

Oh my God!

That is actually a heaven and earth wonder of the middle grade **** rank!

Seeing this, everyone was amazed.

Qin Feng also spied out curiously...

[Original Crystal of Fire: Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Using this strange object can make the space possess all fire attribute laws. 】

what! It is this thing!

After reading this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy.

He wants to activate the 'Master of the Universe' mission, one of the conditions is to promote the zero-dimensional space to the high-grade god-level space.

And if the zero-dimensional space wants to be promoted to the high-grade god-level space, it needs to use the source crystal of fire, the source crystal of water, the source crystal of earth, and the source crystal of wind, these four wonders of heaven and earth, to determine the fire, water and wind.

Qin Feng did not expect that Yexi had a fire source crystal in his hand.

This is really nowhere to go after breaking through the iron shoes, and it takes no effort to get it!

"Qin Feng, what do you think of this thing?"

Ye Xi proudly looked at Qin Feng with a little pride in his eyes.

The wonders of heaven and earth of the middle grade **** rank, not everyone can come up with it.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "Not bad!"

Yexi sneered: "My 'Original Crystal of Fire' is a middle-rank god-level wonder, and it is much more valuable than that supreme prestige card. If you use it for betting, you need to raise it!"

"Raise?" Qin Feng frowned

Immediately, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly: "Yeshi, don't forget it. You are begging me to bet, not me! I agree to bet with you, that is to win you back the reputation card. Chance. If you let me raise again, then I won't bet!"

"You~!"

Jessie was furious.

The value of his 'source crystal of fire' is more than twice that of the Supreme Prestige Card, and it should be necessary to ask the other party to raise.

I didn't expect Qin Feng to be so rude, but he didn't agree.

"If you want to bet, just bet, and if you want to raise, forget about it! By the way, I'm still in a hurry, so farewell!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng turned around and left, very simply!

Ye Xi was in a hurry: "That's it! That's it! Don't raise! Then don't raise!"

At this moment, he actually compromised.

Now, Yexi just wants to gamble with Qin Feng again to win back the treasures and face he lost before.

If Qin Feng is not willing to gamble, he will not even have this chance.

After all, fighting is forbidden here, Qin Feng doesn't gamble, he really can't do anything about it.

When everyone saw this scene, they all showed strange colors.

They can all see that Qin Feng has been pinching Yexi to the death.

At this time, Yexi said again: "However, I have an additional condition!"

Qin Feng frowned: "What conditions?"

Yexi said coldly: "Since you want to bet, let's bet more freely! In addition to the Supreme Prestige Card and the Fire Origin Crystal, let's give 2 Prestige points each, how about a bet?"

Qin Feng was surprised: "Prestige can also be used as a bet?"

Yexi sneered: "Of course! As long as we sign the Tiandao contract, all resources can be used as bets. After the bet ends, Tiandao will automatically preside over the agreement."

Qin Feng's heart moved, thinking that this is not bad!

He lacks prestige now!

If you can gain 2 more reputation from Yexi, that's definitely a good thing!