He pondered for a while and said, "Adding 2 prestige can be considered!"

Seeing Qin Feng let go, Ye Xi's eyes showed joy.

It turned out that he not only wanted to win back the Supreme Prestige Card, but also wanted Qin Feng to bleed!

2 o'clock reputation!

This is not a decimal!

If it is exchanged for trading points, it is 40 points, which can be exchanged for several low-grade god-level treasures.

Of course, Yexi wanted to bet more prestige, but considering that Qin Feng was from the Qinglong Star Region, the prestige resources on him were probably not high.

If you bet more than 2.9, you will be scared away!

"Boy, will you bet?" Yexi continued to ask.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "What do you want to bet about first?"

Ye Xi sneered: "Continue to bet on the test! I wonder if you have done the blood test?"

Since he had lost the soul power test, he had to find face in other tests.

The blood energy test is the blood energy test.

His blood energy is much stronger than soul power.

Besides, he has a special method

Yexi is confident that he will definitely defeat Qin Feng this time!Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

And Qin Feng also smiled after listening.

His bloodline energy is even more remarkable!

Not to mention anything else, he has reached the limit of SSS level due to his light-blood talent.

Immediately, he smiled: "Okay! I'll bet with you!"

Ye Xi was overjoyed: "Okay! There is no proof, the contract is the proof! You and I have to sign a contract of the heavenly way first!"

This time, he actually offered to sign a contract, for fear that Qin Feng would go back on it.

"As it should be!"

Qin Feng readily agreed.

Immediately, Yexi took out a contract scroll from the storage ring.

Seeing this scene, the audience immediately became excited!

Oh my God!

The first genius of the two star regions!

They meet again!

It seems that there is another good show to watch!

Chapter 685: All the people follow! Bloodline confrontation!

At this moment, the crowd was talking excitedly.

"Everyone, there will be another good show soon!"

"Yeah! The first day of the Azure Dragon Star Domain will be against the first day of the Bright God Domain. You say, who will win this time?"

"I think it's Mr. Qin Feng!"

"That's not necessarily! Young Master Yexi is the first genius of the Bright God Realm. He will lose this level, maybe it's just bad luck!"

"That's right! Next, they are going to test the blood energy. It is rumored that some people in the Bright God Realm have special methods for blood energy. Just like Lord Qin Feng, he also showed special methods in the soul power test."

"Yes! Master Qin Feng created a mysterious white lotus projection in the soul power test, and his soul power has skyrocketed by several levels, which is extremely powerful! Could it be that Young Master Yexi also has it in the blood power test? Something like that?"

"It should be! Otherwise, why would he ask for a blood test? There must be a certain degree of certainty!"

"So, Mr. Qin Feng is at risk next time!"

"There are indeed risks! However, Lord Qin Feng is also very strong. It's hard to say who they will win and who will lose!"

"It seems that the next test will be even more exciting!"

The more people talk, the more excited they are!

This kind of confrontation between monsters and geniuses is a visual feast, but it is not something you can see if you want to see it.

Saying it out in the future is a kind of bragging capital!

At this moment, everyone is looking forward to the second bet between Qin Feng and Yexi!

On the other side, Sakya and his followers also whispered.

"Elder Sakya, the young master is going to gamble with Qin Feng again! This time, they gambled too much!"

"Yeah! The young master actually took out the source crystal of fire! That is the key to his cultivation of water and fire supernatural powers! If the young master loses this, his water and fire supernatural powers will not be able to be refined!"

8 "Yeah! If the young master loses only the source crystal of water, how can he refine water and fire supernatural powers?"

All the followers were worried about Yehi.

Sakya sneered: "You don't have to worry! The young master will not lose!"

"Elder, what do you say?"

The corners of Saga's mouth twitched slightly: "Oh! Don't think that Qin Feng won the soul power test and think that he is better than the young master. Among our young master's several abilities, soul power is the weakest, while blood power is his strong point. "

"Besides, Qin Feng is from the Azure Dragon Star Region! The Azure Dragon Star Region has long since fallen, and now in the Hundred Star Regions, the Azure Dragon Star Region is at the bottom of its strength. Do you think that such a Star Region can be cultivated? genius?"

"I want to see, Qin Feng was able to win the young master in terms of soul power, and it was entirely by luck. In other words, his strongest item was soul power, which happened to match our young master's weakness, so he just happened to win. !"

After listening to this, all the followers lit up and felt that it was very reasonable.

Their Bright God Domain ranks in the top ten among the hundred star domains.

How could the first genius cultivated by such strength be weaker than the Azure Dragon Star Region?

Now it seems that Qin Feng can win his own young master, it is a complete coincidence!

At this time, Sakya sneered again: "Look at it! This time, the young master will definitely win against Qin Feng. By the way, the old man will tell you another secret!"

Having said this, Saga lowered his voice mysteriously.

All the followers were full of curiosity, and they all pricked up their ears and moved closer.

Sakya took a deep breath: "To tell you the truth, the young master raised his bloodline talent to the peak SSS level not long ago!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, all the followers were shocked!

Then, all of them showed ecstasy!

"My God! It turns out that the young master's bloodline talent has reached the peak of the SSS level! Then the young master will win!"

"Haha! It's definitely a win! As far as I know, the highest bloodline talent in this temple's blood energy test record is only in the mid-SSS level. Now that the young master has reached the peak of the SSS level, he can definitely get the first place in the temple's history. one!"

"Yeah! No wonder Elder Sakya is so confident. It turned out that he knew the secret!"

"That's great, the young master can win back the prestige card this time!"

"More than a prestige card? He has to win back 2 prestige points from Qin Feng! This time, Qin Feng is going to be in bad luck!"

As soon as these words fell, several people smiled knowingly, and there was even more gloating in their eyes.

In their opinion, their young master is sure to win!

Om~! Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng and Yexi signed the contract!

The contract scroll immediately turned into two groups of golden lights, which poured into the bodies of the two of them.

Since then, Ye Xi's heart has been settled, and he can't help but secretly breathe a sigh of relief!

Now that the contract has been signed, Qin Feng can't help it.

This kid's retreat has been cut off by himself!

Blood test!

He has won!

His bloodline talent has reached the peak of SSS level, how could he lose?

This time, he not only has to win back what he lost, but also make Qin Feng bleed.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also smiled.

He heard all kinds of murmurs around him.

After all, he has the talent of SSS-level Nine Consciousness Awakening, and no matter how small the voices are, they can't hide from his ears.

Therefore, he also heard the muttering of Saga and others.

It turns out that Yexi's bloodline talent has reached the pinnacle of the SSS level!

Unfortunately, his bloodline talent has reached the limit of SSS level, which just overwhelmed Yexi.

Of course, he didn't dare to underestimate Ye Xi.

Listening to the discussions of the surrounding people, some people in the Bright God Realm have some special enhancement methods in terms of blood energy talent.

So, he still can't take it lightly!

If he loses this time, it will be a big loss.

Of course, if he wins, he will make a lot of money!

"Qin Feng, the contract has been signed! Let's test the blood energy!"

"Let's go then!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked to the blood energy test point first.

Yeshi sneered and followed.

Nasaka and the others quickly followed.

And when they left, thousands of onlookers quickly followed.

Even the thousands of players who were in line gave up the line and went to watch.

The duel between the first geniuses of the two star regions!

This is a grand event of the ages!

How could they miss it?

Even if they give up the test temporarily, they will have a feast for the eyes!

In this way, Qin Feng and Yexi took the lead, followed by a team of thousands of people, rushing to the blood energy test point.

Going all the way, those players who didn't know the reason were shocked.

One by one, they looked at the huge team in astonishment.

Some people stood by and watched, while others followed curiously.

Gradually, the number of people in the team increased!

Before you know it, the team behind Qin Feng and the others has reached tens of thousands of people, and the movement is getting bigger and bigger!

A quarter of an hour later, the group arrived at the east of the temple.

There is the blood test!

At this time, thousands of people were lining up in front of a test monument.

Hundreds of people gathered around the monument.

At this moment, an old man with gray hair walked down the test bench with a look of decadence.

Just now, he scored 0 points and was eliminated in this project.

When everyone saw this, they sighed!