Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey! This blood test is really difficult! This is the 21st one to be eliminated."

"Yeah! Blood energy test, the younger you are, the better! Young people's qi and blood are strong! When they get older, their qi and blood are somewhat worse."

"Having said that, as long as the age is not more than 2 years old, this blood test can still pass the test. However, if you have the bloodline talent, even if you reach the age of 3, you can pass the test!"

"That's right! This blood energy test is so beneficial to those with bloodline talent!"

"Yeah! A person with S-rank bloodline talent, even if the realm is only heavenly, his blood energy can be compared with that of a demigod! Unfortunately, bloodline talent above S-rank is too rare, and not everyone can do it. some."

"It's true! With S-rank bloodline talent, it's so powerful. I wonder how powerful those with SS-rank and SSS-rank bloodline talent will be?"

"Haha! These are not what I can guess!"

At this moment, the crowd murmured constantly.

The old man who was eliminated has already walked off the test bench.

The man in green robe at the front of the line is eager to try.

As soon as he saw the old man coming down, he was ready to go for the test

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

Behind the crowd, suddenly there was a huge commotion.

Everyone was alarmed, and they followed the sound and saw two young people walking over.

And behind them, there was a team of 30,000 to 40,000 people, a mighty force with an amazing momentum!

This suddenly shocked everyone in the field!

They don't know what's going on?

Why did so many people suddenly appear, rushing directly to them!

The two young people in 903 are naturally Qin Feng and Yexi!

After a while, Qin Feng and the two rushed to the front of the test team.

The crowd was still a little stunned.

The blue-robed man who was at the front of the line was even more at a loss.

When he saw Yexi, he walked directly to him, but he didn't know what was going on, so he felt a little flustered for no reason!

It was at this moment that Yexi walked in front of him.

"You! And you!"

Yexi pointed directly at the man in the green robe, and then at the woman in the palace dress behind the man.

"Give up your two positions! Let me and this one test first! These two medicinal pills are worth the price of your position!"

As soon as the words fell, Yexi waved and threw out two blood-red elixir.

The man in green robe and the woman in palace attire subconsciously took the medicine pill.

Seeing this, the two of them were ecstatic!

Oh my God!

It was actually a nine-turn **** blood pill in the demigod realm!

This is a great help for their blood test!

"This lord! Please! Please!"

"Little girl, thank you for your reward!"

The man in green robe and the woman in palace attire quickly moved away enthusiastically.

When everyone around saw this scene, they were envious!

These two guys are so lucky!

Just giving up his position, and changing to a demigod-level medicinal pill, it is really cost-effective.

such a pity!

Why haven't they encountered such a good thing?

Having said that, it is definitely not easy for this young man to be so generous!

At the moment, many people looked at Ye Xi curiously.

And the spectators who followed Qin Feng and Yexi had already surrounded the test point!

The atmosphere in the field became very lively.

Naturally, Yexi didn't bother to pay attention to those.

Now he just wants to get back the Supreme Prestige Card and get back the lost face.

"Qin Feng, the test location is already in hand! Should you test first, or me?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "You change the position! Then you test it first!"

"it is good!"

Ye Xi didn't talk nonsense, and walked directly to the test monument.

He couldn't wait.

Because he has absolute confidence in the blood energy test!

Chapter 686 Angels and Beasts! Shocking blood!

Just like that, Yehi strode towards the Test God Monument.

The audience immediately became excited.

They know that the exciting competition is about to begin again!

Those who didn't know the situation, after asking the insiders, also understood what was going on.

They get excited right away!

Oh my god~!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

This is actually a gamble between two super geniuses!

And these two are the first geniuses of the star field!

This is so worth seeing!

At the moment, those people watched with excitement too!

In this way, a wonderful gambling game that was watched by tens of thousands of people started like this!

At this moment, the atmosphere in the field is very hot!

In the crowd, Sakya and his party were nervous and looked at their young master expectantly.

Qin Feng also watched silently.

He also wanted to see how strong this Yexi blood was!

correct!

He just completed the soul power test, how many points are there?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quietly took out the assessment order and secretly checked it.

[Player: Qin Feng]

[Admission assessment: first in history, 13 points]

[Qualification Test: Supreme God King, 50 points]

[Additional points: the first in history, 120 points]

[Soul Power Test: No. 1 in history, 78 points]

[Total score: 261 points]

not bad!

He has scored 261 points!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

However, he is still a little far from the goal of 1 point!

He has to work hard!

With this in mind, Qin Feng quietly put away the assessment order.

It was at this moment that Yexi had already stepped onto the test bench, put the assessment order into the card slot of the tablet, and activated the tablet.

And in front of the stele, there is an altar with a crystal ball on it.

I saw Yexi put one hand on the crystal ball on the altar and began to prepare.

Om~!

In the next second, golden light lit up on the monument, and information began to emerge.

[Blood energy intensity test starts]

【Age of player: 77 years old】

[Blood energy intensity: under test]

Seeing this, everyone was excited.

"Everyone, the test is about to start, and the exciting time is coming!"

"Yeah! You said, how much the blood energy strength of Young Master Yexi can reach!"

"It is estimated that it can reach the level of the True God Realm!"

"True God Realm? This is too exaggerated! He is in the Heaven Realm!"

"Hey! Friends, have you ever seen Young Master Yexi test his soul power? You don't think he is at the heaven level, but he is the first genius of the Light God Realm and belongs to the monster level. How could his blood power be bad?! "

"That's right! Young Master Yexi's soul power has reached the mid-level of a true god! Blood power will definitely not be bad!"

"My God! Is it that strong?"

"Of course! Just wait and see!"

The crowd murmured one after another!

Of those tens of thousands, only a few thousand had witnessed Yehi's test, and the rest had never.

After hearing the talk of those insiders, those people became more interested, and one by one, their eyes widened with excitement, and they wanted to witness the history with their own eyes!

Qin Feng also watched curiously.

It was at this moment that Yexi began to pour blood energy into the crystal ball with all his strength.

Boom~!

This input of his is the churning of qi and blood, and a monstrous blood qi burst out all over his body!

The transparent crystal ball also lit up with a pale red aura!

That is the light of blood energy!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the stele continued to vibrate, and the golden light flashed!

The test value on it began to jump wildly

[Blood energy intensity: Level 1, Level 2, Level 3]

[Score statistics: 1 point 2 points 3 points]

Wow~!

There was an uproar in the audience!

So strong!

Those who were shocked were, of course, those who had seen the Yeshi test for the first time.