Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Moreover, these people make up the majority of the crowd.

In a blink of an eye, Yexi's blood energy intensity reached level 10, which was the threshold of the False God realm.

The audience exclaimed!

Gosh!

It has actually reached the threshold of the False God Realm!

It was not until this moment that the new crowd of onlookers really realized the power of Yeshi!

But all this is not over, the monument continues to tremble, and the values ​​on it are still beating wildly!

[Blood energy intensity: Level 11…Level 12…Level 13….]

[Score statistics: 12 points...14 points...16 points....]

The integral statistics of blood energy intensity are the same as that of soul energy intensity.

After level 10, if you level up again, the added points will double.

Similarly, after level 20 and 30, the points will be doubled!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The stele vibrated constantly!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

The numbers are jumping wildly!

The exclamations in the field are also wave after wave!

In a blink of an eye, the forty-second test time passed!

Yexi's blood energy level has reached a very high level!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 24…]

[Score statistics: 46 points...]

Seeing this data, the audience was extremely shocked!

Even those who had seen the Yeshi soul power test were shocked.

"My God! Blood can reach level 24! This is already equal to his soul power!"

"Yeah! It's terrifying! Level 24! That's already the mid-level of a true god!"

"This young master Yehi is too powerful!"

"You said, will the blood power of Young Master Yexi exceed his soul power and reach level 25?"

These words just fell, and the field changed suddenly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Ye Xi's body roared constantly, his skin gradually turned red, his muscles soared, and his blood soared.

Immediately afterwards, his whole body lit up with golden light, and a huge white light and shadow appeared behind him!

Its tall, human-shaped body has six pairs of white wings on its back, but its facial features cannot be seen clearly, only a pair of silver pupils can be seen, slowly opening, exuding monstrous divine might, contemplating the world!

Seeing this scene, someone immediately exclaimed!

"Oh my god! That...that's the top-level divine beast - the bright angel beast!"

"It's still an angel beast with six pairs of wings!"

"It's the bloodline talent! Master Yexi has activated the bloodline talent! The projection of the six pairs of wings of the angel beasts means that his bloodline talent has reached the early stage of S rank!"

"Unbelievable! Incredible! With the blessing of S-rank bloodline talent, Young Master Yexi's blood energy intensity will increase!"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 25…]

【Score statistics: 50 points…】

really!

Yexi's blood power is stronger than soul power!

The whole place was a sensation!

"My God! Young Master Yehi's blood power is stronger than soul power!"

"Yeah! No wonder he took the initiative to ask for a blood test!"

"This time, Mr. Qin Feng's situation is not good!"

"Yeah! The old man is very suspicious. Lord Qin Feng is good at soul power, so he is fortunate to win Young Master Yexi. But in this blood energy test, it is hard to say!"

The crowd murmured!

Qin Feng was also surprised!

At this moment, he stared closely at the phantom of the angel beast behind Yexi, and countless thoughts emerged in his heart.

This Jehi must be inextricably linked with God!

The angel beast in the mouths of the people is not the angel mentioned on the blue star!

strangeness!

This angelic beast is clearly in human form, why is it called a divine beast by everyone?

Qin Feng was quite puzzled!

Om~!

At this moment, the mutation regenerates!

The phantom of the angel beast behind Yexi gave birth to a pair of wings again, becoming an angel beast with four pairs of wings!

Boom~Long~Long~!

His qi and blood skyrocketed again!

The crowd exclaimed again!

"Oh my god! Four pairs of wings are unfolded! That's a mid-stage S-rank bloodline talent!"

"Yeah! Young Master Yexi's blood power is going to increase again!"

Om~!

The voice just fell, and a golden light lit up on the monument!

The test value on it really jumped!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 26…]

[Score statistics: 54 points...]

Really upgraded!

Qin Feng was a little surprised!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

The phantom of the angel behind Yexi spread out a fifth pair of wings!

The bloodline talent has reached the pinnacle of S rank!

Om~!

In the next second, the golden light will be released!

The value on the tablet has changed again!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 27…]

[Score statistics: 58 points...]

But all this is not over, the angel beast behind Yexi continues to spread its wings pair by pair...

Sixth pair... Seventh pair... Eighth pair...

SS rank early...SS rank middle...SS rank peak...

Blood Power Level 28...Level 29...Level 30...

In a blink of an eye, the angel beast behind Yexi spread out nine pairs of wings, and his bloodline talent reached the early stage of SSS level!

Its blood energy intensity has reached level 31!

Points reached 78 points!

Boom~!

This time, the whole place is boiling!

"."Oh my god! The blood energy intensity of level 31! This has reached the initial level of the main god!"

"Too...too scary! This is so scary!"

"Yeah! Young Master Yexi's blood energy intensity is on par with Qin Feng's soul energy intensity!"

"So this is the strength of Young Master Yexi!"

"Hey! This time, Lord Qin Feng may lose!"

Everyone was muttering constantly, and many people began to worry about Qin Feng.

In the crowd, the woman in the red dress who had always held Qin Feng's heart changed her face slightly and her eyes showed worry.

Om~!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

The phantom of the angel behind Yehi, once again unfolded the tenth pair of wings!

Boom~!

This time, the audience is completely fried!

Ten pairs of wings!

SSS-level mid-term bloodline talent!

really!

The value on the stele jumped!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 32…]

[Score statistics: 86 points...]

The strength of the blood energy of the young master Yexi actually exceeds the strength of the soul power of Lord Qin Feng!

The situation is getting more and more unfavorable for Mr. Qin Feng!

Om~!

But without waiting for everyone to think about it, the angel beast has spread its eleventh pair of wings again!

The crystal ball lit up with a purple-gold light, which was extremely bright!

The values ​​on the monument have also changed again!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 33]

[Score statistics: 94 points]

Boom~!

This time, the whole place was dead silent!

Eleven pairs of wings!

The bloodline talent of the peak SSS level!

This is completely beyond their cognition!

Om~!

At this moment, the one-minute test time has finally arrived!

The light of the crystal ball quickly dimmed!