Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The achievements on the monument are also finalized.

Sakya and his party cheered excitedly!

At the same moment, Qin Feng was also amazed.

It turned out that the bloodline talent of the peak SSS level can reach level 33!

Then his SSS level limit level, can it reach a higher level decoration?

It seems that he is going to make a lot of points this round!

At this thought, Qin Feng's eyes showed expectations.

Chapter 687: Bloodline Talent! Beasts appear frequently!

Of course, in addition to earning big points!

He should have won this gamble!

Qin Feng's mouth pursed slightly, revealing a smile.

He thought of Yexi's Fire Origin Crystal!

At the same moment, Yexi also slowly opened his eyes, and the phantom of the angel behind him disappeared automatically.

Afterwards, he looked at the results on the stele with a satisfied smile.

Blood energy level 33!

This is two levels higher than Qin Feng's soul strength!

He has won!

This time, he can not only win back the Supreme Prestige Card, but also make Qin Feng bleed and lose 2 Prestige.

The more you think about it, the more exciting it is!

Om~!

At this moment, the stele vibrated again, and a dazzling golden light lit up on it!

Immediately afterwards, lines of information emerged...

[Congratulations to contestant Yexi, who achieved the best result in the history of Bright God Realm in this test, rewarded with +5 points of prestige and +20,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to contestant Yexi, who achieved the best result in the history of this hall in this test, rewarded with +1 reputation and +50,000 stars in combat power]

This hall is the first in history!

Sure enough!

The crowd was silent!

Especially those new spectators, one by one, they were completely shocked, and they didn't even dare to breathe!

Om~!

Just then, the sky shook!

A dazzling golden beam of light fell on the top of Yexi's head, and the reward of heaven came...

Soon, after accepting the reward, Yexi slowly walked off the test bench under the watchful eyes of all the people...

After a while, Yeshi walked back to the crowd.

Sakya and his party happily greeted them,

"Congratulations to the young master for winning the first place in this hall!"

"Number one in this hall! That's the number one in the Hundred Star Regions! No one can surpass you in this blood energy test."

"Young Master! You are sure to win this time!"

The subordinates were excited.

Yeshi also smiled.

He also felt that he had won.

At this moment, there was a commotion in the group of 730 people.

"Look! Lord Qin Feng has gone to test!"

Hearing this, Yexi and the others followed the sound and saw Qin Feng walking towards the test monument...

Looking at Qin Feng's back, the corners of Yexi's mouth were slightly raised, and his eyes were full of disdain.

This kid is really positive!

However, no matter how active this kid is, it is useless.

This time, he won the first place in the history of the temple.

In other words, the most powerful genius of blood energy in history is him!

He doesn't believe that Qin Feng can surpass himself!

It was at this moment that Sakya's voice sounded in his ears.

"Young master, I want the old man to see that this Qin Feng is struggling to the death!"

At this moment, Saga also looked at Qin Feng's back with contempt.

He has confidence in the achievements of his young master this time.

The followers also joined in.

"That's right! The young master is the number one in this hall! No matter how much this kid jumps, he will not be able to catch up with the young master."

"Of course! This kid is also good at soul power. I'm afraid it will be a lot worse than the blood power test. Even if it is not bad, it is only level 31 like his soul power. The blood power of the young master is Level 33! Can he compare?"

"Haha! He still wants blood energy level 31? Go for it! As we all know, the blood energy intensity at the peak of the sky level wants to reach level 30 or above. At least master the bloodline talent above the early stage of SSS level. Do you think that kid might have it? ?"

As soon as these words fell, the followers nodded again and again.

They also think it is impossible!

Bloodline talent is rare!

If a person can have S-rank bloodline talent, it is already extremely remarkable.

Wanting to have SSS-level bloodline talent is simply a fool's dream!

Even if their young master can have SSS-level bloodline talent, it is also closely related to their birth status.

At this time, Yexi also sneered: "A child born from the bottom forces can have S-level bloodline talent, that is the limit. Even me, it was only by great luck that I obtained SSS-level bloodline talent. !"

Speaking of this, Ye Xi's tone was full of pride.

For millions of years, among the children of the same clan, he was the only one who could reach the SSS-level bloodline talent.

At this time, Qin Feng had already walked near the test monument.

The attention of the audience also fell on him again.

Various discussions followed.

"Everyone, Master Qin Feng is about to test it!"

"Yeah! You said, can Lord Qin Feng defeat Young Master Yexi?"

"Hey! It's hard to say! This time, the old man is not optimistic about Qin Feng!"

"Indeed! It's not that Lord Qin Feng is weak, but that Young Master Yexi's blood energy is too strong!"

"The bloodline talent at the peak level of the SSS level! Can anyone compare? I really can't imagine that the bloodline talent of Young Master Yexi is so strong!"

"It can be seen that the young master of Yexi definitely has a great relationship with the master of the light domain!"

"Hey! It seems that Mr. Qin Feng is going to lose! I hope he doesn't lose too ugly, he can have a level 30 blood energy."

"Level 30? This is too difficult! It requires SSS-level bloodline talent to do it! Master Qin Feng doesn't look like a big power born, and it's unlikely that he has such a high bloodline talent!"

At this moment, the crowd sighed endlessly!

Many people feel sorry for Qin Feng.

In fact, many people expect Qin Feng to win.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

After all, Qin Feng was also born from the bottom forces. If he wins, it will be easier to arouse everyone's sympathy.

But the fact is in front of them, they can't be optimistic about Qin Feng!

Just as everyone was worried, Qin Feng had already stepped onto the test bench and activated the stele.

At this moment, he had already pressed the crystal ball with one hand.

A golden light lit up on the stele, and information began to emerge...

[The blood energy intensity test begins...]

【Age of player: 22 years old】

【Blood Energy Strength: Testing... 】

The test is about to begin!

Everyone held their breath and stared at the monument!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's mind also sounded the reminder of Tiandao...

【Test time 60 seconds! Countdown starts: 60…59…]

As soon as he heard the timer sounded, Qin Feng poured blood energy into the crystal ball with all his strength!

Boom~Long~Long~!

With his input, his qi and blood exploded instantly!

hum~~!

The crystal ball vibrated with a long sound, and the blood-red aura lit up one after another!

Its momentum is fiercer than the start of Yexi!

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The next second, the stele flashed with golden light, and the numbers on it jumped wildly...

[Blood energy intensity: Level 1...Level 2...Level 3...]

[Score statistics: 1 point...2 points...3 points...]

So strong!

The crowd exclaimed!

Especially those new spectators, they are even more pleasantly surprised!

It's a visual feast!

Lord Qin Feng is indeed a monster-level genius!

In a blink of an eye, 30 seconds passed!

The numerical value on the monument has launched a huge change!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 28…]

[Score statistics: 62 points...]

Seeing this data, the audience was shocked!

"My God! It's level 28!"

"Master Qin Feng is indeed the first genius of the star field!"

"However, he seems to have reached his limit! His level is stuck at level 28, and he has not melted for five seconds!"

"It seems that he is no match for Young Master Yexi after all!"

"Yeah! Master Yexi's blood energy has reached level 33, which is five levels away!"

"Hey! It's a pity!"

The people are in awe!