Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone was overjoyed!

In the crowd, the woman in the red dress who was always concerned about Qin Feng was even more ecstatic!

Level 34!

This suddenly surpassed Master Yehi!

Young Master Yehi's blood power is only level 33!

This Lord Qin Feng surprised her too much!

Always create unimaginable miracles!

And Yexi and his party were hit by five thunders!

Standing there one by one!

Nayashi was so angry that his eyes were red with blood!

He couldn't believe the facts in front of him!

how is this possible?

how can that be!

How could one person possess more than a dozen divine beast bloodlines at the same time!

What made him even more unacceptable was that Qin Feng's bloodline talent was only at the peak SS level, and the blood energy intensity surpassed him!

You know, his bloodline talent is the pinnacle of SSS level!

Could it be that his blood energy foundation is a whole grade worse than Qin Feng's!

impossible!

He is the first genius of the Bright God Realm!

It is the first in the history of this hall!

Even if he is weaker than Qin Feng, he can't be weaker by one grade!

Ye Xi roared with incomparable anger!

He has always been strong, how can he accept that he is not as good as Qin Feng, and he is not as good as him!

But before he could think about it, a bigger blow came again!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Behind Qin Feng, four super mythical beasts appeared in a row again!

Kirin, Xuanwu, White Tiger, Suzaku!

Each one is as high as a million feet!

Above the dozen or so divine beasts!

These four are the top divine beasts!

Qin Feng's bloodline talent aura has also skyrocketed!

Early SSS class… Mid SSS class… SSS class peak…

The test values ​​on the tablet are also changing synchronously...

[Blood energy intensity: Level 35...Level 36...Level 37...]

[Score statistics: 116 points...124 points...132 points...]

This time, Yexi's last trace of pride was also hit hard!

He thought that after all, he had one thing stronger than Qin Feng, and that was the level of bloodline talent!

Unexpectedly, Qin Feng's bloodline talent has also reached the peak of SSS level, which is not weaker than him at all!

What's even more frightening is that Qin Feng's points reached 132 points, a full 38 points more than him!

Another complete crush!

At this moment, Yexi is about to collapse!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the mutation happened again!

Behind Qin Feng, the breath is surging!

A five-clawed dragon with a length of tens of thousands of feet appeared floating in the air, above the unicorn, the basalt, the white tiger, and the vermillion bird.

As soon as the dragon appeared, he slowly opened and closed his eyes!

The golden pupils exude monstrous dragon power, with the potential to look at the world, instantly crushing the audience!

For a moment, everyone was stunned, their eyes widened, and they didn't dare to blink!

At this moment, the five divine beasts finally appeared together!

The mighty, the earth-shattering!

Qin Feng's bloodline talent has finally reached the limit of SSS level in one fell swoop!

Above the stele, a golden light shines through the sky!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 38…]

[Score statistics: 140 points...]

Ka~cha~!

Seeing this result, Ye Xi's eyes widened in despair!

The last trace of pride in his heart was completely shattered!

SSS class limit!

Qin Feng has completely surpassed him in terms of bloodline talent, and there is not even a chance for a tie!

Everyone was shocked!

A visual feast!

This is a super visual feast!

However, it's time to end it!

SSS class limit!

That should be the upper limit of bloodline talent!

This thought popped up in everyone's mind!

But this idea came to me, and the mutation happened again!

Om~!

A mysterious white light lit up on Qin Feng's body again!

Immediately afterwards, his mind moved, and the mysterious white light poured into the crystal ball!Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Om~!

The crystal ball vibrated violently!

It radiated light, getting brighter and brighter, turning into a purple-gold color like glass!

Even the golden light on the stele has turned purple-gold!

The test value on it also jumped a bit!

[Blood Energy Strength: Level 39…]

[Score statistics: 148 points...]

This time!

Choking all over the place!

The shattered dignity of Jessina was completely shattered into dust!

Qin Feng's blood energy has risen again!

No one knows how Qin Feng did it.

It is clear that Qin Feng's bloodline talent has reached the limit, and he can't increase it any more!

But his blood energy intensity has been raised by another level!

No one dares to ask!

Naturally, they didn't know that it was the result of the blessing of Qin Feng's luck!

This operation has given Qin Feng a deeper understanding of the power of luck.

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The light of the crystal ball gradually dimmed!

It's time to test!

The phantoms of the beasts behind Qin Feng gradually faded away until they disappeared!

Everything is calm again!

At this moment, everyone looked at Qin Feng silently, and there was no longer pure awe, but infinite reverence in their eyes!

Now, in their eyes, Qin Feng is a god-like existence!

That is the existence of genius beyond enchanting!

Qin Feng slowly retracted his hand on the crystal ball!

At this moment, a golden light lit up on the monument!

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of Qinglong Starfield in this test, rewarded with +5 points of prestige and +20,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of this hall in this test, rewarded with +1 prestige point and +50,000 stars in combat power]

Qin Feng smiled slightly!

Everything is as he expected!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the sky above the hall shook, and the ethereal voice of Tiandao suddenly sounded...

[The player Yexi is detected, and his main hall has the first achievement in history, and the holding time is less than three minutes, which is suspected of cheating! So get back its first-ever reward! 】

Boom~!

What?

Rewards can be recovered!

This sudden news!

Let the audience listen dumbfounded!

Qin Feng was also stunned!

Immediately, he wanted to understand!

He and Yexi are contemporaries!

Obviously, he is the first ever!

If someone deliberately lets the weaker score first take the first prize in history, and then the stronger person takes the first prize in history, isn't it cheating!

At this time, Yexi just recovered from his heart ashes!

Om~!

But before he could figure out what was going on, a black beam of light descended from the sky and enveloped him!

In the next second, his combat aura and reputation will plummet all the way!

In just a moment, he lost 50,000 star combat power and 1 reputation!