Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng was overjoyed, the B-level strength talent was fully stimulated.

I saw him struggling.

Pa~! Pa~! Pa~!

In just a split second, he broke the shackles of the ivy, and at the same time raised his hand and slashed at the old man with a long knife.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

The knife is soaring!

The old man was frightened and raised his knife to resist.

The young man was in a hurry, knowing that the old man could not resist, he also offered to help.

When~! When~!

Two golden and iron symphony!

The next second, the two old men were slashed and flew out.

With Qin Feng's strength and talent, even if these two join forces, they can't resist Qin Feng's blow.

You must know that the combat power of these two people has reached 54 stars, which is one star higher than Qin Feng.

Unfortunately, Qin Feng's strength cannot be calculated by common sense.

But he said that Qin Feng smashed the two of them with a knife, and then he flashed and chased the old man away.

At this moment, the broken green vines turned into countless petals, chasing after Qin Feng.

Whoo~la~la~!

In just a moment, those petals caught up with Qin Feng, wrapped around him, and had to repeat the old trick.

Boom~!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's whole body was filled with hellish flames, which ignited violently.

"Ah~!"

Suddenly, a shrill scream came from the flames.

Countless petals turned to ashes in the fire.

Some of the remaining petals rushed out of the fiery flames of hell, flew not far away, and reassembled in human form, taking the appearance of a woman.

It's just that at this time, her whole body was charred and her combat power plummeted.

Ha ha!

You are right by your own calculations!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The flame can restrain this woman's skills.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

Swish~!

He quickly dodged and turned to kill the woman.

The woman was frightened and quickly confronted it.

Boom~!

Qin Feng's long knife burst into flames.

Swish~!

Knife light flashed!

With a terrifying flame, it specializes in the skills of women.

The woman dodged again and again.

A few seconds later, her arm was slashed by a knife, leaving a deep wound with visible bone, as well as scorch marks under the scorching flames, causing her to scream in pain.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Qin Feng chased after the victory, and the sword light flashed.

puff~! puff~! puff~!

The slicing of meat goes on and on!

The woman screamed incessantly.

Finally, there was a shrill scream.

She was split in half by Qin Feng and fell to the ground.

[Successfully killed the 16th-level Wraith Messenger (king level), obtaining +140 Judgment Points and +10000 Energy Points. 】

[Killing the 16th-level Wraith Messenger (King-level) successfully, the quest item - dark spar is exploded. 】

Ha ha!

Finally killed it!

Another dark spar burst!

Cool!

Qin Feng was secretly happy!

It's a pity that he didn't have time to pick it up, because the old man and the young man had already been killed.

At the same moment, Tiandao also sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Your vocation progress has reached Level 3 Judge (635/500), and you still need to comprehend the B-level talent—Dark Profound Truth before you can be promoted to Level 4. 】

what!

The vocation can be promoted again!

Qin Feng was surprised.

Unfortunately, he still needs to upgrade his dark talent to B-level.

But this does not prevent him from absorbing the judgment value.

At this moment, the old man and the young man killed him.

Qin Feng quickly confronted him.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

puff~! puff~! puff~!

Knife light flashes!

Flesh keeps flying!

After a while, Qin Feng killed the two resentful spirit messengers.

[Successfully killed the 15th-level Wraith Messenger (king level), obtaining +130 Judgment Points and +9000 Energy Points. 】

[Successfully killed the 15th-level Wraith Messenger (king level), obtaining +130 Judgment Points and +9000 Energy Points. 】

[Killing the 15th-level Wraith Messenger (King-level) successfully, the quest item - dark spar is released. 】

[Killing the 15th-level Wraith Messenger (King-level) successfully, the quest item - dark spar is released. 】

Dark spar!

Finally got seven!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

At this moment, under the altar in front, there was an earth-shattering roar.

The whole village was shaking violently, and there was more movement than the last time.

Boom~Long~Long!

Immediately afterwards, countless black mist spewed out from the ground.

In the blink of an eye, it was pitch black as ink, making it impossible to distinguish between heaven and earth.

Obviously, Qin Feng killed five resentful spirit messengers in a row, which has completely angered the resentful demon.

After a while, the angry demon's roar subsided.

"Look at the aura of this grudge! It's too strong!"

Qin Feng calmed down from the shock.

Immediately, he did not dare to waste time and hurriedly cleaned up the battlefield.

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was waiting extremely anxiously.

"Brothers, it's been twenty minutes, and the boss Qin Feng hasn't moved. He won't really have an accident, will he?"

"Yeah...it shouldn't be!"

"Hey! I'm so worried now!"

"Yeah! Now I just hope that the boss of Qin Feng is safe and sound, even if the boss can't make it into the top ten, it doesn't matter!"

At this moment, Liu Yuan's avatar jumped.

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, after my rational analysis, Boss Qin Feng must be in big trouble. According to the previous progress, he can get at least five spar stones. Now, he has been stuck at two, and there is no movement. already."

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, you stinky mouth, you have come to sing bad again."

Liu Yuan: "Hey! I'm not in a hurry! So I'll analyze it a lot. I'm thinking, maybe it's because we were too loud before, and we always wanted the boss Qin Feng to enter the top ten, so we let him take the risk. And then... hey!"

"Boss Liu Yuan, when you analyze it like this, I'm scared! I don't want boss Qin Feng to have an accident!"

"Woo! I don't want boss Qin Feng to have an accident! I don't want to be a widow so early!"

"Sister upstairs, please be serious, you haven't married Qin Feng yet!"

Liu Yuan: "Hey! Everyone, stop gossip. I think this time, Qin Feng is really hanging."

But just after these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, a novice, got the third dark spar. 】

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, a novice, got the fourth dark spar. 】

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, a novice, got the fifth dark spar. 】

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, a novice, got the sixth dark spar. 】

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, a novice, got the seventh dark spar. 】

When this continuous reminder came out, the audience was shocked.

After a while, the whole village was in a frenzy.

Liu Yuan was the one who called him the most, making people a little confused about what to say about him.

At the same time, above the square.

Qin Feng has cleared the battlefield.

This time, in addition to collecting seven spar, he also got four third-order equipment and a storage ring.

The harvest can be described as huge, which makes him very satisfied.

At this moment, Qin Feng is racing against time to extract the corpse dragon of the spirit messenger.

I'm afraid that if one step is slow, those corpses will be swallowed up and disappeared.

Chapter 87 Amazing talent upgrade!

At this moment, Qin Feng is racing against time to extract the body of the spirit messenger.

He was afraid that if he slowed down a step, those corpses would be swallowed up and disappeared...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the C-level talent - The True Meaning of Speed. 】