Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Tiandao really took back the previous rewards!

Poof~!

Jessie was so angry that she wanted to vomit blood!

The whole person's face is ashen!

Om~!

At the same moment, a dazzling golden beam of light fell on Qin Feng...

In the next second, Qin Feng's combat power and prestige skyrocketed!

The rewards of Heavenly Dao are here!

After a few moments, the reward is over!

Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

This time, his basic combat power has reached 211 million stars, and his reputation has also reached 22,000.

In other words, his available trading points have reached 140 points.

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao's prompt came again!

[Athlete Qin Feng has won four consecutive No. 1s in this Shenwu assessment, setting a record for the highest number of times the hall has won No. 1 in history]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who won the special award - record breaking award! Reward its reputation +2 points, combat power +10,000 stars]

Om~!

Another dazzling beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng again! corpse.

Chapter 689 SSS-level talent - the law of creation!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, Qin Feng's combat power, momentum and prestige began to soar wildly!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

He closed his eyes involuntarily, enjoying it comfortably.

That feeling of getting stronger and stronger is really wonderful!

After a while, the beam of light of the reward dissipated!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

After some rewards just now, his basic combat power has reached 221 million stars, and his reputation has reached 24,000 points.

With this calculation, his available trading points reached 180 points!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

Ye Xi's eyes were red, and his heart was full of infinite jealousy!

But he didn't think about it too much, the sky shook again, and there was a reminder from Heaven.

[Betting announcement: The betting is over, and the winner is Qin Feng! The loser - Yeshi! 】

[Qin Feng gains 2 reputation! 】

[Yeshi deducts 2 reputation points! 】

Hearing the prompt, Yexi was furious!

Wow~!

He was so angry that he spat out a mouthful of blood!

Everyone around was dumbfounded!

"Young Master! Young Master!"

"Young Master! Are you alright?!"

The faces of Sakya and his party changed greatly, and they stepped forward in fear and supported Yehi, who was swaying.

Om~! Om~!

At this moment, two beams of light, one white and one black, fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng and Yexi respectively!

In the next second, Qin Feng's reputation skyrocketed, reaching 26,000 points in an instant!

His available trading points have thus reached 220 points!

At the same time, a black beam of light enveloped Yexi, causing him to lose 2 reputation.

Obviously, Qin Feng's reputation was transferred from him.

He used to have 75 reputation points, and now he has 55 points left.

Thinking of this, he looked at Qin Feng angrily!

It was the appearance of this nasty little thief that made him frustrated again and again!

What made him even more unacceptable was that Qin Feng's performance completely overwhelmed him in every test bet!

You must know that in front of his ancestors and fathers, he is the most outstanding genius in the history of Bright God Domain.

He carries the expectation of bringing the Light God Domain into the top three of the hundred star domains.

But he didn't think so, he hadn't really displayed his ambitions, and he shrunk again and again in front of Qin Feng!

Not reconciled!

He is really not reconciled!

How could a genius born in the Azure Dragon Star Region be better than him!

At this moment, Qin Feng had walked off the test bench and came to him.

"Bring it!"

Qin Feng didn't talk nonsense, he directly reached out and asked for his spoils!

"You~!"

Jessie looked at him resentfully.

But under the pressure of the Heavenly Dao contract, he had to take out a red spar, which is the 'source crystal of fire'!

"Give you!"

Jessie threw it away.

Seeing this scene, Sakya and his party all twitched, and they all felt pain.

That is the heaven and earth wonders of the middle grade **** rank!

Lost by the young master again!

I don't know what kind of anger the owner will be when he finds out about the incident? !

I'm afraid they can't escape punishment!

At the same moment, Qin Feng caught the 'source crystal of fire' and watched with joy.

The Origin Crystal of Fire is here!

As long as he gets the source crystal of water, the source crystal of wind, and the source crystal of earth, he can set the fire, water and wind in the zero-degree space and promote it to the high-grade god-level space.

At that time, he will activate the hard-core condition of the 'Master of the Universe' and complete one more.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the 'source crystal of fire' with satisfaction.

At this moment, Yexi slowly wiped away the effort from the corner of his mouth and looked at Qin Feng with a resentful expression.

"Qin Feng! Let's bet the last game!"

Ye Xi's voice was a little hoarse, as if suppressing a great deal of anger!

Qin Feng was surprised: "You still have to bet!"

"Young Master! No way!"

"Yeah! Young Master! You can't gamble any more! You've already lost two treasures!"

Sakya and his party were even more panicked, and they stepped forward to persuade them.

Jehi is furious!

He turned his head suddenly and looked at Saga and the others with red eyes.

"What do you mean?! Do you even think I'm inferior to him?"

"No! No! That's not the case! Young master, you must never gamble again! Otherwise, otherwise"

Sakya was already a little incoherent.

But the more he persuaded, the more annoyed Jesse got!

Now, even his subordinates think he is inferior to Qin Feng.

How could he bear it!

"Don't talk nonsense! This young master has made a bet with him this time!"

As soon as the words fell, he looked at Qin Feng fiercely.

"Qin Feng! Do you dare to bet on the last game?"

Qin Feng glanced at Yexi in surprise.

This guy obviously lost the red eye.

However, this guy has no reason to refuse!

At the moment, he smiled slightly: "How to bet?"

"Just bet on your Supreme Prestige Card and Fire Origin Crystal! I want to win them all back!"

Ye Xi hoarse voice, but his tone is full of resentment.

This guy really lost his eyes!

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "Then what do you take out to gamble? My Supreme Prestige Card and Fire Origin Crystal are both middle-rank god-rank treasures. If you want to bet, you have to take out two middle-rank god-rank treasures. treasure!"

"This young master has this!"

As soon as the voice fell, Yexi turned his palm over, and there was a white spar in the palm of his hand!

As soon as the spar came out, it emitted a sky-high white light, which made all the laws of the water system between heaven and earth tremble!

Qin Feng was surprised and quickly peeped away

[Original Crystal of Water: Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Using this strange object can make the space have all the laws of water attributes]

what! Isn't this the source crystal of water he wanted!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, revealing surprise.

If he also gets this 'Water Origin Crystal', the upgrade of the zero-dimensional space will be a big step forward!

"Young Master! No way!"

When Sakya saw that Yehilai was real, he shouted in a hurry!

"Yeah! Young Master, you can't gamble any more! If you gamble again, this water source crystal will be gone. This is the treasure that the master has spent tens of thousands of years of hard work to find!"

All the followers are discouraged!

Ye Xi was so angry that he didn't fight!

damn it!

These guys actually said he would lose!

This is clearly implying that he is inferior to Qin Feng in every aspect!

But he didn't believe that Qin Fengneng was better than him in every aspect.