Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

He firmly believes that he can always beat Qin Feng on one hand!

Besides, he was really desperate.

The Supreme Prestige Card and the Fire Origin Crystal are extremely important to him.

He must win it back!

In any case, he has to gamble again!

"Young Master, calm down! Let's stop betting! Even if"

Sakya continued to persuade him hard.

"To shut up!"

But before he could finish speaking, he was brutally interrupted by Yehi!

"From now on, whoever dares to persuade this young master again, after returning, I will kill him!"

Jessie's voice was icy cold.

Sakya's group shivered in fright and dared not speak any more.

One can only sigh helplessly!

Why!

The young master is too strong!

Too stubborn!

Whatever he decides, it is useless for anyone to dissuade him.

I don't know what will happen to him next?

Unknowingly, Sakya and others thought that their young master was inferior to Qin Feng!

It's really that Qin Feng's performance is too good, which has created a great shadow in their hearts, making them have an inexplicable fear!

"Qin Feng, how about this water source crystal?"

Jessie asked in a hoarse voice

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "It's not bad! The value of this thing is equivalent to the source crystal of fire. But you still have to bet on my supreme prestige card, so only the source crystal of water is not enough!"

"Of course! This young master still has this treasure! Look at this again!"

As soon as the words fell, Yexi turned his hands again, and there was another purple card in the palm of his hand, emitting twelve rays of brilliance!

It is another treasure of the middle grade **** rank!

Qin Feng quickly snooped away

[Talent Fusion Card (SSS-level Creation Law): Middle Grade God Rank]

[Those who have SS-level space-time laws and SS-level creation laws can use this card to fuse the two SS-level laws into SSS-level creation laws! 】

what!

This is what you need again!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up again!

He wants to activate the mission of the 'Master of the Universe', and one of the **** conditions is to awaken the SSS-level law of creation.

He is clueless!

Unexpectedly, Ye Xi sent treasure again!

Having said that, he has mastered the SS-level space-time law, and if he awakens the SS-level law of creation.

As long as he uses this God Card again, he can immediately obtain the SSS-level Law of Creation.

[SS-level Creation Law: It is a fusion of S-level Open Heaven Law, S-level Life Law, and S-level Promise Law]

In other words, Qin Feng is only one S-level Promise Law away from the SS-level creation law.

Wuji begets Taiji, Taiji begets all things!

The infinite law is the beginning of the creation of all things!

Qin Feng has no clue about the Promise Law.

However, in the Divine Martial Arts assessment of the False God Realm, there is a huge opportunity that is open to all players.

In that assessment, Qin Feng had a great chance to realize the Law of Promise.

In short, this creation talent fusion card is extremely important to him.

"Little Lord!"

At the same moment, Sakya saw that Yexi took out the creation talent fusion card, and his face was pale with anxiety!

Gosh!

The young master actually took out this divine card and gambled!

That was the master who spent countless efforts to get it!

The purpose is to hope that the young master can awaken the SSS-level creation law in the special assessment of the False God realm and obtain the greatest benefits.

If the young master loses this divine card, the assessment will be in vain!

He can't look at it like this anymore, he must stop it!

"Young Master! You must not! This is but"

"To shut up!"

Yeshi was flushed with rage!

He's already on the horns!

The more Sakya discouraged, the angrier he became!

That is to prove that Sakya thinks that he is not as good as Qin Feng!

"Master, I"

Sakya still wants to make one last effort!

"Elder Sa, I will say this one last time! If you persuade me again, I will lose this time! You will die!"

Ye Xi's face was extremely gloomy.

"Ah~~!"

Sakya was so frightened that she quickly shut up!

The young master is too domineering!

That sentence has two meanings!

The first layer is that no matter how Sakya persuades, Yexi will bet!Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The second level is that if Sakya persuades him again, as long as Yexi loses, he will kill Sakya to vent his anger!

That being the case, he might as well not persuade, anyway, the young master can no longer listen to persuasion.

If he didn't persuade him, he could save his life.

Thinking of this, Saga finally closed his mouth

hey~! It's hard to persuade the damned ghost!

He has tried his best!

Chapter 690 All bets! Turn over and fight!

Seeing that Sakya shut up, Yehi stopped talking!

Then, he looked at Qin Feng: "How about this 'Water Origin Crystal' and the Creation Talent Fusion Card, and bet on your 'Fire Origin Crystal' and Supreme Prestige Card?"

"Can!"

Qin Feng agreed very simply!

The corners of Ye Xi's mouth twitched coldly.

He knew that Qin Feng would agree.

The sum of his two treasures is worth more than Qin Feng's bet, Qin Feng could not disagree

Of course, Yeshi is also gambling!

He is betting that he always has an ability that surpasses Qin Feng.

This is also his last chance to turn around.

Since it was the last one, he had to bet a little bigger and win everything back!

With this in mind, Yexi said again: "Qin Feng, since it's the last bet, let's bet bigger! How about adding some more bets?"

Qin Feng was surprised: "You still want to raise? What do you want to increase?"

The corners of Yexi's mouth curled up: "Just add 55 reputation points! This is all the reputation of this young master!"

Hearing this, the faces of Sakya and his party turned pale!

The young master is betting on everything!

If he loses again, the young master will lose his reputation.

That would have a huge impact on the future development of the young master!

Sakya wanted to dissuade him, but when he thought of Yehi's previous threat, he swallowed and swallowed the words that came to his mouth.

Seeing this, the corners of Qin Feng's mouth twitched slightly.

This Jessie really doesn't give up!

I always want to **** him off!

Yexi bet on these 55 reputation points, not only to win back the 2 lost reputation points, but also to win some reputation away from him, so that Qin Feng would be heartbroken!

It can be said that this is the last madness of Yexi!

Of course, Qin Feng will not be used to him!

19 Besides, prestige is the hard currency to create the temple, Qin Feng needs it!

That 55 reputation points is 110 trading points!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng said: "Okay! Then raise 55 reputation points! This time, what are you going to bet on?"

Yexi took a deep breath: "Continue to bet on the test! How many items do you have yet to test for this demigod test?"

Qin Feng pondered: "Only the combat strength test and the comprehensive martial arts assessment are left."

Jessie's eyes lit up.

He still has three items left to be assessed, namely: extra points test, basic combat strength, and mixed martial arts.

Extra points, that's his weakness.

Combat strength assessment is his strength, not worse than blood energy at all.

As for mixed martial arts, it is the last test in the demigod assessment, and it is difficult to compare it because it needs to go to the assessment space.

In this way, the combat strength test is the best.

Thinking of this, he said: "Then we will test the combat power!"

"Okay~!"

Qin Feng readily agreed.

Saga on the side heard this, and his expression eased a little.

If it is compared to combat power, the young master still has hope of winning.

The combat power of his young master has reached 100 million stars!

Although Qin Feng's soul power and blood power are extremely excellent, it does not mean that his combat power is also excellent.

After all, the improvement of combat power requires a little accumulation, which is much more difficult than soul power and blood power.