Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Sakya and the others felt that they saw hope again.

They didn't know that Qin Feng's basic combat power reached 221 million stars, more than twice that of Yexi.

At this time, Ye Xi's voice sounded again in the field!

"Qin Feng, before signing the gambling contract, I have one more condition!"

Qin Feng frowned: "What conditions?"

Ye Xi said solemnly, "I took the test first two times! This time, you test first!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng smiled!

It seems that this guy has a psychological shadow.

I'm afraid that after I finish the test, this guy will have to admit defeat on the spot!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled and said, "It doesn't matter! I'll test it first!"

Ye Xi's eyes lit up: "That's it!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he took out a contract scroll from the storage ring and began to sign a gambling contract.

Up to now, Yexi is extremely jealous of Qin Feng!

Even who is first and who is second, it is necessary to care about each other.

In Jessie's view, every time he takes the test first, and then loses.

This time, he does the opposite and may win.

It didn't take long for the two to sign the contract!

The scroll turned into two golden lights, which poured into the bodies of the two of them respectively.

"Qin Feng, the contract has been signed! Let's go!"

"Let's go!"

As soon as the words fell, the two walked towards the combat strength test point.

Sakya and others silently followed behind!

The audience couldn't help muttering.

"My God! Master Yexi is going to bet against Qin Feng again!"

"Yeah! Young Master Yexi is red-eyed when he loses!"

"You said, does Master Yehi have a chance to win this time?"

"It's hard to say! Lord Qin Feng is too strong!"

"Everyone, combat power is different from blood power and soul power. You can't rely on talent alone, but you need to accumulate it slowly. Mr. Qin Feng is 22 years old, and Yexi is 77 years old. Obviously, Mr. Qin Feng has a short accumulation time."

"Besides, in addition to accumulating combat power, it also needs the support of the forces behind it. Young Master Yexi is from the Bright God Realm, and he is much stronger than the Qinglong Star Realm of Lord Qin Feng, so it is not certain who wins and who loses in this round!"

When the man finished speaking, his face became worried.

He was also born from the bottom forces, and naturally hoped that Qin Feng would win.

And as soon as his words fell, everyone began to worry.

Then, another humane said: "Don't worry about it so much! Let's go over there and see! Whoever loses and who wins, you'll know if you haven't seen it!"

"Yes! Go! Hurry up and follow! You must feast your eyes today!"

At the moment, the crowd followed!

Such a great bet!

Of course they can't miss it!

At the moment, tens of thousands of spectators followed Qin Feng and his party.

The scene was mighty, even more spectacular than the last time!

Along the way, many people are naturally shocked, and more and more spectators join in.

A quarter of an hour later, the number of people in the team exceeded 100,000!

Everyone also reached the southern part of the temple.

There is the combat power test!

At this time, in front of a test monument, hundreds of people were watching.

In front of the monument, a beautiful woman has completed the test.

Everyone was completely stunned by the test values ​​on the tablet!

[Combat Strength: Level 17]

[Score statistics: 24 points]

"Level 17 combat power! This has reached the threshold of the False God's limit!"

"Yeah! Too strong!"

Everyone was amazed!

The woman looked at the results on the tablet and showed a satisfied smile.

Then, under the awe-inspiring eyes of everyone, she walked off the test bench.

At this moment, Qin Feng and others arrived!

The arrival of 100,000 people caused panic in the field!

The woman was also shocked.

Then, she saw Qin Feng and quickly greeted him with a look of surprise.

"Owner!"

It turned out that this woman was Feng Xi!

The previous spectators were a little dumbfounded, and looked at Qin Feng in surprise!

No way!

Is this young man the master of that beautiful woman?

This makes it difficult for many male players to accept!

In their eyes, Feng Xi is not only beautiful, but also terrifyingly strong.

How could such an excellent woman be the servant of a heavenly boy?

Those people don't know the details of Qin Feng, so they naturally have such thoughts.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Master, are you here to test your combat power?"

Feng Xi asked with a look of joy.

At this moment, she only has Qin Feng in her eyes, and can no longer tolerate anyone.

She didn't even glance at Yexi next to Qin Feng.

And the moment Ye Xi saw Feng Xi, a look of surprise flashed across his eyes!

There are such beautiful women in this world!

such a pity!

She is actually Qin Feng's servant!

Thinking of this, Jessie's heart suddenly surged with jealousy.

Qin Feng was also a little surprised when he saw Feng Xi.

"That's right! I'll test the combat power! However, is there a little accident here?"

"Accident? Master, what is the accident?"

Feng Xi's face was full of concern.

She didn't want the master to have any accidents.

Qin Feng said with a smile: "It's not surprising, it's just a gamble with others. Didn't you see that so many people were watching?"

"Uh~~!"

Only then did Feng Xi realize that there were a lot of people watching, and the number was no less than 100,000!

At this time, Ye Xi also waited impatiently.

For some reason, when he saw Feng Xi's concern for Qin Feng, he was inexplicably irritable, and he wanted to beat Qin Feng even more to prove that he was better.

Immediately, he said: "Qin Feng! The place has arrived! Hurry up and start!"

Feng Xi hurriedly looked at Yexi unhappy!

The tone of this man's speech to his master was too rude!

"Master, are you gambling with this person?"

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "That's right! According to the agreement, I will test first! You go and arrange the people in line 107! Make room for me!"

"Yes!"

Feng Xi quickly agreed.

Then, she walked to the front of the team.

At the top of the line was a young man.

Originally, after Feng Xi finished the test, it would be his turn to test.

But Feng Xi's results were so amazing that he was stunned.

When he was about to take the test, Qin Feng and others came again.

"This friend, can I ask my master to jump in the queue and let him test first?"

Feng Xi asked politely.

When the young man saw Feng Xi, his eyes showed awe.

Feng Xi's combat power just now made him feel deeply afraid.

Immediately, he smiled: "Your Excellency is polite, if your master wants to test first, let him test it! I am also curious, how powerful is your master?"

At the end, the man's tone was a little sour.

He really didn't understand how Feng Xi was so powerful and beautiful, how could she become that young man's servant?

"Thank you so much then!"

As soon as she won the position, Feng Xi quickly returned to Qin Feng's side.

"Master, it's alright!"

Qin Feng nodded slightly and walked towards the test monument ahead.

At this moment, the eyes of the audience all fell on him.

Ye Xi looked at Feng Xi, who was beside him, and suddenly muttered something.

"This friend, can your master's combat power level reach level 20?"

Jessie inquired feigning disdain.

Feng Xi frowned, feeling annoyed when she heard it.

This guy obviously doesn't look down on his master!

At the moment, she sneered: "Don't worry! My master's combat strength is at least around level 29! You can't win!"

Level 29?

Ye Xi's eyes lit up, and ecstasy suddenly appeared in the depths of his eyes.

His combat power is 100 million stars, which is about level 30, just one level higher than level 29!

Ha ha!

It seems that this game, he is going to win!