Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Ye Xi didn't know that Qin Feng had been in seclusion ever since he destroyed God.

Feng Xi's understanding of Qin Feng's strength was still a long time ago.

She thought that Qin Feng's combat power was only close to 100 million stars!

This creates an illusion for Jessie!

pity!

The greater the expectations, the greater the disappointment!

Chapter 691 Terrifying results! Gas dizzy on the spot!

Qin Feng! Qin Feng!

This time, you are doomed!

Ye Xi thought excitedly, and the smug look in his eyes became more and more intense.

He seemed to see the scene where Qin Feng lost a lot of prestige when he won everything back!

At this moment, Qin Feng had walked to the test bench.

He glanced back at Yeshi.

At that moment, he saw the smugness in Yehi's eyes.

Qin Feng smiled and continued to walk towards the test monument...

The whispers between Yexi and Feng Xi were small, but they couldn't hide it from his ears.

He has the talent of SSS-level Nine Consciousness Awakening!

Having said that, my progress is really fast!

Even as close as Feng Xi, the judgment of his strength is often wrong.

That's fine, let's make Jessie happy for a while.

After a while, there is his despair!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the test monument.

He took out the token and put it into the card slot.

Om~!

There was a roar, and the monument was activated!

The crowd watched expectantly.

They knew that Mr. Qin Feng was about to start the test.

Feng Xi held her breath even more, showing a concerned look.

She hoped that the master's score was as high as possible.

Everyone in Long Yuan is looking forward to the master being able to get a super god-level evaluation!

It's just a super god-level evaluation that requires 5 points of Shenwu, which is really difficult!

Having said that, everyone in Longyuan already knows that God has another body.

That body is still the existence of a **** king.

Therefore, there has always been a huge threat to Long Yuan, which made everyone very uneasy.

If the master can get a super god-level evaluation, then there is hope for breaking this threat.

Generally speaking, if you want to get a super god-level evaluation, you must get at least 80 points in a single test.

80 points!

This is very difficult!

Hope the owner can do it!

Feng Xi took a deep breath, her face nervous.

It was at this moment that Ye Xi glanced at Feng Xi.

With this glance, he saw that Feng Xi's beautiful eyes revealed infinite care for Qin Feng.

He was suddenly unhappy, and a nameless jealous fire rose in his heart!

"My friend, you look nervous!"

Yeshi took the initiative to strike up a conversation.

Feng Xi frowned, very unhappy.

She doesn't like being interrupted by others.

What's more, this person bet against the master, obviously there is a conflict with the master.

Any guy who has conflict with the master, she will not have good feelings, only disgust.

"What's with you?"

At the moment, Feng Xi replied coldly.

Ye Xi sneered: "My friend, I just want to tell you some bad news. Your master, you are about to have bad luck!"

Feng Xi was annoyed: "What do you mean?"

Yexi smiled proudly: "This time, your master will lose two middle-grade god-level treasures and 55 reputation."

Feng Xi was shocked: "The stake is so big?!"

Ye Xi sneered: "Do you think we are just playing a small game?! Look at it! After a while, you can see that your master is heartbroken."

Feng Xi said angrily, "It's like you've already won!"

Ye Xi smiled proudly: "I'm afraid I won this round. To tell you the truth, Ye's basic combat power has reached 100 million stars~々."

Boom~!

Hearing this, Feng Xi looked at Ye Xi in shock.

She did not expect that the man in front of her was so strong.

Seeing Feng Xi's shocked expression, Ye Xi became even more proud.

But then, Feng Xi said coldly, "Even if you have 100 million star combat power, you may not be able to win against my master!"

Her confidence in Qin Feng has never been shaken for a moment.

Ye Xi sneered: "I know you're tough! Then just wait and see!"

"Humph! Then wait and see!"

As soon as the voice fell, Feng Xi continued to look at the test bench.

Unknowingly, the two were **** for tat, and the smell of gunpowder was full!

Only this time, Feng Xi felt a little panic in her heart.

She did not expect that Yexi's combat power would reach 100 million stars!

This time, the master's situation is not good!

Thinking of this, Feng Xi became even more nervous.

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng pressed the crystal ball with one hand.

The stele lit up with golden light, and lines of information appeared on it...

[Combat Strength Test Begins...]

【Age of player: 22 years old】

what!

This man is 22 years old!

The new spectators were amazed.

But without waiting for them to think about it, Qin Feng began to put all his power into the crystal ball...

Suddenly, the crystal ball lit up with a bright light!

Om~! Om~! Om~!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

In the next second, the monument trembled violently, and the values ​​on it jumped wildly...

[Combat Strength: Level 1...Level 2...Level 3...]

[Score statistics: 1 point...2 points...3 points...]

In a blink of an eye, 40 seconds passed!

Qin Feng's combat power has soared to level 29, and his points have reached 66 points!

The spectators exclaimed!

Feng Xi was nervous.

The guy on the side has a 100 million star combat power, that is, a combat power of around 30!

If the master does not reach level 30, he will lose!

"Friend, this should be the limit of your master!"

At this time, Ye Xi muttered proudly.

But his voice just fell, and the test value jumped!

[Combat Strength: Level 30…]

[Score statistics: 70 points...]

Yeshi's face changed slightly.

Feng Xi's eyes lit up.

But don't wait for them to think about it, the mutation regenerates!

[Combat Strength: Level 31…]

[Score statistics: 78 points...]

Boom~!

Ye Xi was shocked, and his face was instantly pale!

Feng Xi opened her eyes in surprise.

But all this is not over yet, the values ​​on the monument are still beating constantly...

[Combat Strength: Level 32...Level 33...Level 34...]

[Score statistics: 86 points...94 points...102 points...]

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's combat strength has reached an extremely terrifying value...

[Combat Strength: Level 40…]

【Score statistics: 150 points…】

The whole place is completely boiling!

"My God! The combat power is level 40! This is equivalent to the basic combat power of 200 million stars!"

"It turns out that the strongest item of Lord Qin Feng is actually combat power!"

At this moment, when everyone looked at Qin Feng's back, they were already full of admiration, and they were about to pay homage!

Feng Xi's face flushed with excitement!

150 points!

The master won the super god-level evaluation, the problem should not be big.

On the other side, Yexi completely collapsed!