Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

With a pale face, he shook his head again and again!

impossible! impossible!

This is impossible!

This little thief is only 22 years old!

How could his combat power reach 200 million stars!

Om~!

He just had this idea, and the value on the **** tablet jumped again.

[Combat Strength: Level 41…]

[Score statistics: 166 points...]

It turns out that after reaching level 40, the points will increase by 16 points for each level up!

Boom~!

The audience exploded again!

Level 41!

The combat power has reached 210 million stars!

This is impossible!

hallucinations! Must be an illusion!

Yeshi kept talking!

He can't accept this reality!

Om~!

But his voice fell, and the mutation regenerated!

[Combat Strength: Level 42…]

[Score statistics: 182 points...]

Level 42!

The combat power has reached 220 million stars!

Kacha~!

Jessie's heart is completely broken!

Lost! Lost!

He lost completely!

But all this is not over yet, Qin Feng thought, the law of chaos works!

Om~!

The golden light from that crystal ball!

Dazzling again!

Under the blessing of the Law of Chaos, the strength of combat power has skyrocketed continuously!

Om~! Om~! hum~!

[Combat Strength: Level 43...Level 44...Level 45...]

[Score statistics: 198 points...214 points...230 points...]Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

230 points!

Everyone can't breathe!

Poof~!

Ye Xi directly snorted the blood in his heart, staggered and almost fell down!

".‖Little Lord!"

Sakya and the others rushed forward and supported him.

"Master, are you alright?"

Sakya asked anxiously.

If something happened to the young master, they would be finished.

Ye Xi slowly raised his head and looked at the monument with despair on his face.

It was not until this moment that he realized how huge the gap between himself and Qin Feng was!

How ridiculous his previous thoughts were!

"Master, are you alright?"

Sakya asked anxiously.

Jessie ignored it.

He looked at the numerical value on the monument with despair on his face, and he was still muttering in despair...

"Stopped! It finally stopped. It turns out that this kid's combat power is level 45!"

hum~!

But at this moment, the value on the tablet suddenly jumped again!

[Combat Strength: Level 46…]

[Score statistics: 246 points...]

Seeing this scene, Ye Xi's heart couldn't take it anymore!

Poof~!

He spit out a mouthful of hard work again, his eyes went black, and he fainted on the spot!

"Little Lord!"

The roar of Saga and others resounded in the field!

The crowd turned a deaf ear!

They have completely lost the ability to think!

Even Feng Xi was completely stunned.

She never thought that the master's combat strength had reached level 46!

The master's progress is far beyond her imagination!

Om~!

At this moment, the light of the crystal ball gradually dimmed!

The test is finally over!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

At the same moment, a golden light lit up on the monument!

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of Qinglong Starfield in this test, rewarded with +5 points of prestige and +20,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of this hall in this test, rewarded with +1 prestige point and +50,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who won five consecutive 'firsts in history' and refreshed the record in this hall again]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who once again won a special award! Reward its reputation +2 points, combat power +10,000 stars]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was surprised again!

Another special award!

It's so cool!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the Heavenly Dao Reward came!

A dazzling golden light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's body

In the next second, his combat power and prestige skyrocketed!

It won't take long for the rewards to be distributed!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Today, his basic combat power has reached 238 million stars, and his reputation has also reached 29,500.

In other words, his available trading points have reached 290 points!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

It's all over rubbish!

He should have reaped the spoils of the game.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the fainted Yexi

Chapter 692 The harvest is amazing! Sprint Supreme!

At this moment, the whole audience held their breath, and the air was a little frozen!

Everyone looked at Qin Feng with great respect!

Three tests!

Qin Feng's performance is stronger than ever!

Completely god-like existence!

Until this moment, everyone really understood the power of Qin Feng!

At this moment, everyone looked at Qin Feng and didn't even dare to blink, for fear of disturbing Qin Feng.

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly walked off the test bench and walked towards Yexi.

Seeing this, Sakya was terrified.

He is a true **** realm!

But at this moment, when he saw Qin Feng, he was extremely frightened.

Because he knows very well that even if Qin Feng is in the heavenly realm, he can easily kill him!

"Young Master! Young Master! Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!"

Sakya shook Yeshi anxiously, and was about to slap Yeshi a few times in the face.

Because Qin Feng is getting closer and closer to them, he has panicked!

A groan!

Under the violent shaking, Yexi woke up faintly.

He slowly opened his eyes with a look of depression on his face.

When he looked up, he saw Qin Feng approaching.

Sakya and the others shrank back in horror, as if they were afraid of Qin Feng.

Ye Xi also swallowed his saliva, feeling infinitely complicated.

"Jessie, it's your turn!"

Qin Feng spoke quietly.

Yeshi opened his mouth, his throat a little dry.

After a long while, he said dryly: "No need to test! I admit defeat! It's yours!"

After saying this, he took out the 'Water Origin Crystal' and the 'Creation Talent Fusion' card with a sad face.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he sucked the two treasures into his hands.