Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Feng Xi on the side, her beautiful eyes are shining!

Seeing that the master won the bet and got such a huge gain, she was extremely happy.

After confirming the treasure in his hand, Qin Feng put away the spoils with satisfaction. 840

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the sky shook, and there was a reminder from Heaven.

[Betting announcement: It is detected that Yexi voluntarily admits defeat, this betting is over, and the winner is Qin Feng! The loser - Yeshi! 】

[Qin Feng gains 55 reputation! 】

[Yeshi deducts 55 reputation points! 】

Om~! Om~!

Then, two beams of light, one white and one black, fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng and Yexi respectively!

In just a moment, Yexi was deducted 55 reputation points.

At this point, his reputation has been cleared!

Ye Xi's face instantly became extremely ugly, like a dead ash!

With zero prestige, it is extremely unfavorable for his future development!

At this moment, Qin Feng also opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Just now, he gained 55 reputation points, and his total reputation reached 35,000 points in an instant! (Thanks to the book friends for reminding me that I lost a lot of reputation before)

His available trading points have thus reached 4 points!

In this regard, Qin Feng is very satisfied!

"Owner!"

Feng Xi walked over with a look of joy.

Anyone can see her affection for Qin Feng.

However, no one dared to be jealous at this moment.

"Let's go!" Qin Feng smiled slightly.

This time, he didn't need to stay any longer.

At the moment, the two left immediately.

Everyone stared blankly at the back of the two leaving, unable to calm down for a long time.

In the crowd, Sakya and his party were also filled with emotion.

Only Yexi looked at Qin Feng's back angrily.

He is not reconciled!

this matter!

He can't just let it go!

He must take back everything he lost!

It wasn't until Qin Feng and the two disappeared from everyone's sight that the crowd sighed.

The shock in the bottom of my heart still can't be calm!

In Yehi's ear, Sakya's voice of consolation also sounded.

"Young Master, keep the green hills here, and don't be afraid of running out of firewood. You will definitely make a comeback!"

"Humph!"

Yehi snorted coldly: "Elder Sakya, let's go back!"

Sakya was startled: "Young Master, are you not going to continue the assessment?"

Ye Xi said with a dark face: "My treasure is lost! My reputation is cleared! I won't get good grades if I go on the test! Back to the God of Light, this young master will mainly re-integrate resources."

"In addition, after you go back, you can check Qin Feng's location. See that this kid is from the star realm of the Azure Dragon Star Region. When we find out, it will be his death date!"

Yexi looked at Qin Feng's disappearing direction with incomparable resentment.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

He is jealous of everything about Qin Feng!

Even envy Qin Feng, there is a stunning woman like Feng Xi.

"My subordinates understand!"

"Walk!"

At the moment, the group of people withdrew in despair.

But in another place, Qin Feng and Feng Xi soon came to a remote place with no one after they left the crowd.

"Master, how many items do you have left for this demigod realm's divine martial arts assessment?"

Feng Xi asked with concern.

Qin Feng smiled and said, "That's the last mixed martial arts game left!"

"Only the last item left! Master, how many points are you away from the super god-level evaluation?"

Feng Xi asked expectantly.

Whether Qin Feng can obtain a super god-level evaluation determines the future fate of Long Yuan, and it is the expectation of all the disciples of Long Yuan.

"Let me see!"

If Feng Xi didn't mention it, Qin Feng almost forgot about the points.

As soon as the words fell, he took out the assessment order, immersed himself in the token, and checked his assessment information...

[Player: Qin Feng]

[Admission assessment: first in history, 13 points]

[Qualification Test: Supreme God King, 50 points]

[Additional points: the first in history, 120 points]

[Soul Power Test: No. 1 in history, 78 points]

[Blood energy test: the first in history, 148 points]

[Combat test: the first in history, 246 points]

【Total score: 655 points】

After reading the information, Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Before he knew it, his points had reached 655 points.

"Master, how many points are there?"

Feng Xi's tone was a little nervous, as if worried that Qin Feng lacked too many points.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "655 points!"

Boom~!

Feng Xi's delicate body was shocked.

Immediately, she said very excitedly: "Great! Master, you have not yet completed the demigod realm assessment, but you have reached the super **** evaluation standard! If everyone knew about this, they would be crazy with joy!"

Qin Feng laughed without saying a word!

His goal is not a super god-level evaluation, but a higher-level supreme-level evaluation.

Judging from the current situation, he is very hopeful!

For the supreme-level evaluation, the points need to reach more than 1 point, and he still lacks 345 points.

In the demigod realm assessment, there is still one item that has not been completed.

As for the False God Realm assessment, there are only two assessment items.

Add up to three assessment items!

Adding up these three items, he wants to get 345 points, which does not seem to be a big problem.

After all, in the next three assessments, the upper limit of points will be higher.

Feng Xi was excited for a while before calming down.

Afterwards, she asked again: "Master, you have 655 points, which exceeds the standard of super **** evaluation. Before, I was worried about the master's lack of points, thinking about whether to use that secret technique to help the master improve his bloodline talent!"

Speaking of this, Feng Xi's dignified and delicate face was inexplicably rosy.

Qin Feng's heart moved: "Bloodline Secret Art? That's it?"

Feng Xi said shyly: "It was a secret technique that Sister Yu taught me in private, saying that it would help the master's blood talent. The concubine is also a perfect body, and she has the S-rank Phoenix bloodline, so she must be able to help the master!"

Qin Feng was stunned!

He did not expect that Yu Xuanji would actually tell Feng Xi about the bloodline secret technique.

He smiled and shook his head: "Miss Xuanji really is."

Feng Xi hurriedly said: "Master, please don't blame Sister Yu, this is voluntary by the concubine. If the master needs it, the concubine can be at any time... I am afraid that the master will dislike it"

At the end of the day, Feng Xi's face was flushed, but her eyes were full of anticipation, for fear that her master would refuse.

Qin Feng shook his head: "You are one of the people I am closest to, how can I dislike it. Let's talk about it when the time is right, it's not right at this time."

Hearing this, Feng Xi's eyes lit up, and she breathed a sigh of relief.

If she changed direction and confessed her mind, fortunately, the master did not refuse.

In fact, Qin Feng already knew her intentions.

If he needs it, he can pick it up at any time.

"By the way, master, your points have exceeded 5 points. I wonder if you have triggered a higher level of evaluation?"

In order to resolve a little embarrassment, Feng Xi began to change the subject.

Qin Feng didn't hide it: "It really does! If I reach 1 point of Shenwu, I can get a supreme-level evaluation. This supreme-level evaluation is divided into three grades."

"Complete the task within three days, and you will get the primary supreme. If you complete it within two days, you will get the intermediate supreme. If you complete it within one day, you will get the high-level supreme!"

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "Master, you really activated a new evaluation task! Supreme evaluation is something I have never heard of before. The rewards given will definitely be extremely generous."

"Master, with your current points, you have a high chance of obtaining a Supreme-level evaluation. However, if you need to complete it within one day to obtain a high-level Supreme Evaluation, it will be a little more difficult."

"The last assessment in the Demigod Realm and the two assessments in the False God Realm are extremely time-consuming. You have to hurry up!"

Feng Xi kindly reminded.

Qin Feng nodded slightly.

He has spent six or seven hours in the assessment so far.

Therefore, he needs to complete the last three assessments within the remaining ten hours.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng also felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

Immediately, he said, "Feng Xi, how many items do you have yet to complete the assessment of the demigod realm?"

"There are still three items left in the concubine!"

"It is estimated that the progress of Qiyue and Xiaoluan'er is similar to yours. You go to inform them and tell them not to rush to participate in the final assessment of the demigod realm. After I am promoted to the demigod realm, let them Go to the last one."

Feng Xi was puzzled: "Master, why?"

Qin Feng smiled and said: "After I am promoted to the demigod realm, I can promote Longyuan City to level 12. At that time, everyone's strength can be greatly improved. This will greatly improve your participation in the last assessment. For the benefit!"

Feng Xi's eyes lit up: "It's the master who thought it through! The concubine will inform you now!"

As soon as the voice fell, Feng Xi reluctantly left.

She has to hurry to inform Xiao Luan'er and others.

Looking at Feng Xi's slender back, Qin Feng's eyes showed anticipation.

When Longyuan City rises to level 12, and then one level up, it will be the Longyuan Sanctuary!

Promoted from Longyuan City to Longyuan Sanctuary!