Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

That is a qualitative leap!

Heavenly Dao is sure to reward great benefits!

However, he is short of time now, not the time to think about those trivial matters!

It's time to speed up the assessment process!

correct!

Before participating in the final assessment of the demigod realm, he had to go to the God Treasure Pavilion and get all the earth spirit eggs and seven middle-grade god-level treasures.

Chapter 693 Sweep the Treasure Pavilion! Come home full!

With this in mind, Qin Feng took out a golden divine card from the storage ring, which was the supreme prestige card.

Afterwards, he broke his fingers and blood clotted, dripping to the **** card!

Om~!

After a while, the divine light turned into a golden light~ and poured into Qin Feng's body.

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder from the Tao of Heaven-

[Successful use of the 'Supreme Prestige Card'! Congratulations, you have gained 3 reputation points]

Qin Feng smiled comfortably.

3 more reputation points!

His total reputation has reached 38,000 points, and his available trading points have reached 460 points. He should be able to buy all the treasures he needs.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to the Shenbao Pavilion.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, his Consciousness Sea roared, and Tiandao sent another reminder

[It is detected that you are a 'guardian', and your reputation has exceeded 30,000. 】

[Congratulations on meeting the conditions, automatically activate the new title task! 】

[New title - Supreme Road Protector. 】

[Promotion requirements: The basic combat power reaches 300 million stars. 】

[Reminder: If the new title is promoted successfully, you will receive extremely generous rewards! 】

[Reminder: Obtaining the title of Supreme Guardian can activate higher-level Shenwu evaluation tasks]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

Unexpectedly, he activated another title task.

What surprised him even more was that obtaining the title of Supreme Dao Protector could activate a higher-level Shenwu evaluation.

In other words, on top of that high-level supreme evaluation, there are still higher evaluation tasks.

If so, it would be terrifying!

As far as he knows, the super god-level evaluation, since the birth of the universe, there have been two people in the Azure Dragon Star Region, one of which is the owner of the Azure Dragon Region.

After the two received the evaluation reward, their strength far surpassed the same level!

In this way, the high-level supreme evaluation is three grades higher than the super **** level, and the reward is unimaginable.

If there is a higher evaluation above this, then the reward is terrifying!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's heart burst into flames, and his heart was full of infinite expectations.

It seems that he has to sprint the basic combat power quickly, and strive to obtain a new title before the completion of the Shenwu assessment.

Today, his basic combat power is 238 million stars, which is quite a distance from 300 million stars.

correct!

If he was promoted to the demigod realm, wouldn't his combat power be enough!

At this thought, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he hurried to the Shenbao Pavilion.

He has to hurry up to buy the treasures, and then go to participate in the final assessment.

As long as he completes the mixed martial arts assessment, he can be promoted to the demigod realm

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace.

A quarter of an hour later, the hall of Shenbao Pavilion.

Qin Feng stood beside an altar and entered the mall interface.

At this time, he looked at the information in front of him with joy

[Back Earth Spirit Egg: High-grade God Rank, Earth Attribute, Unidentified Master]

[Price: 2 trading points (Child of Destiny, the price is halved)]

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, it can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and it is loyal to the owner. 】

This is a high-grade god-level battle pet spirit egg!

As long as the opportunity is enough, he can cultivate it to the realm of the king of gods!

With this in mind, he quickly chose to buy!

【Successful purchase! You purchased a group of 'Source of Divine Power', which consumed 1 trading point, and you still have 360 ​​trades left.]

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

It's finally here!

As a result, he has three high-grade god-level spirit eggs in his hand, namely Zhu Rong spirit egg, Gonggong spirit egg, and Houtu spirit egg.

When all these pets are hatched, his strength will be greatly improved.

At that time, his six prisons will also be able to open five prisons.

Having said that, if he opened the five prisons now, even if he did not break through to the demigod realm, he would not be afraid of the power of the Lord God in the early stage.

In the early days of the main god, the range of combat power was 200 million to 400 million stars.

Of course, if he encounters the mid-term power of the Lord God, even if he opens the five prisons, he is not an opponent.

The range of combat power in the mid-term of the Lord God is 400 million to 700 million stars.

Qin Feng didn't know that Gabriel's two confidants, Uriel and Karu, were the mid-term powers of the Lord God.

The two will arrive at the Blue Star Realm in two and a half days.

In addition, Gabriel's pet Kaxiu will also arrive at Blue Star in a day.

Nakaxiu is the initial stage of the main god, and the combat power has exceeded 300 million stars.

Today, Qin Feng is still in the Temple of Creation, and he will not be able to go back for a while.

He was in Longyuan City, and only three clones were left behind.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The three avatars joined forces, and they were not necessarily Kaxiu's opponents.

This is the potential crisis of Longyuan City!

Of course, if Qin Feng breaks through to the demigod realm, the situation will be different.

Next, Qin Feng continued to browse the mall.

There are also seven kinds of middle-grade god-level treasures!

He can't stay either!

After he broke through to the demigod realm, more than an hour later, he would no longer have the right to shop in the Shenbao Pavilion.

He wants to use this opportunity to buy all the treasures inside.

[Daogu Pill: Middle Grade God Rank]

[Price: 80 trading points (Child of Destiny, the price is halved)]

【Inventory: 2 pieces】

[Reminder: Refining this pill can greatly strengthen the bones and increase the basic combat power of 30,000 stars. 】

[Shenmai Dan: Middle Grade God Rank]

[Price: 80 trading points (Child of Destiny, the price is halved)]

【Inventory: 2 pieces】

[Reminder: Refining this pill can greatly strengthen the meridians and increase the basic combat power of 30,000 stars. 】

These are all treasures that can strengthen themselves and improve their basic combat power!

What he needs now is to improve his combat power in order to obtain a new title as soon as possible.

Qin Feng chose to exchange without hesitation!

After a while, he exchanged 2 Daogu Dan and 2 Shenmai Dan, which cost 160 trading points.

Then, he continued to browse

There are five remaining middle-grade god-level treasures, four of which are **** cards, and one is heaven and earth wonders.

Qin Feng bought them all!

Four **** cards cost only 140 trading points.

The wonders of that day cost 60 trading points.

Having said that, the original price of the rare item that day was 120 trading points, which was the most precious treasure among the middle-grade gods.

So far, Qin Feng's trading points have all been used up, and all the artifacts above the middle grade of the Shenbao Pavilion have fallen into his hands.

Everything is perfect!

The Son of Destiny is unlucky!

Qin Feng exited the mall with satisfaction.

Then, the sky shook and the beam of light fell!

Heaven will drop all the treasures!

Qin Feng put away the treasure contentedly and turned to leave.

When he walked to the exit of Shenbao Pavilion, an exclamation suddenly sounded behind him.

"Hey! All the mid-grade artifacts in Shenbao Pavilion are gone!"

"Isn't it? I saw it a quarter of an hour ago, and it's still there!"

"My God! It's really gone!"

"Oh my god! That high-grade god-level battle pet spirit egg is gone too!"

"Who? Who is the exchange?!"

At this moment, the whole hall is boiling!

Everyone was shocked!

Over the years, the middle-grade god-level treasures of the Shenbao Pavilion have not changed, just a few players have the ability to exchange them.

But what happened today?

How come all the mid-grade fetishes are gone all of a sudden!

Even the top-grade god-level spiritual egg was gone.

This seems to have happened within a few minutes.

Could it be that someone redeemed them all in one go?

At this thought, everyone was speechless.

At the same time, Qin Feng had returned to the hall of the Creation Hall.

As soon as he thought about it, he sent the Houtu Spirit Egg, Daogu Pill, and Shenmai Pill into the zero-dimensional space.

Then, he continued to rush to the last test point