Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At the same time, in zero-degree space.

A fission variant of Qin Feng is sitting cross-legged in the secret room.

In front of him, there was a quaint book suspended, exuding a supreme Dao rhyme.

That is the "Book of the Present World"!

It turns out that this fission variant of Qin Feng has been comprehending the "Book of the Present World".

Now, he has comprehended 90% of the content.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At this moment, white light flashed in front of the fission body, and one spiritual egg and four divine pills appeared out of thin air!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The fission body slowly opened its eyes and showed a smile.

The main body sent the treasure in!

He has to act quickly!

With this in mind, the fission body is divided into six.

One fission variant continued to comprehend the "Book of the Present World", and the second one left with the back earth spirit egg.

The remaining four fission variants each picked up a divine pill and began refining

According to Qin Feng's plan, he has to refine these four divine pills, raise his strength to the strongest state, and then participate in the final assessment.

Only in this way can he get more evaluation points in the next assessment.

In this way, Qin Feng's fission body seized the time and closed down.

At the same time, the Blue Star Realm and Longyuan City also underwent great changes.

Under the blessing of the time force field of Qin Feng's three avatars, Long Yuan's disciples have already digested this Heavenly Dao reward.

After this digestion, Long Yuan's battle strength has reached 500,000 stars, which has reached 3,000.

Those with a combat power of 1.5 million have also reached a hundred or so people.

In other words, Long Yuan has more than 3,000 people, and his strength is above the demigod realm.

There are about a hundred people, and their strength has reached the False God realm.

The strength of the entire Longyuan City has increased a lot!

I am afraid that the power of the star masters of the fifth-class star realm may not be comparable to Longyuan City.

At this moment, in the Long Yuan chat channel, there is already a lively chat.

"Everyone, we have all digested the resources of this Heavenly Dao reward! When are we going to participate in the Shenwu assessment?"

"Didn't the boss say it! When he is promoted to the demigod realm, he will promote our Longyuan City to level 12, so that everyone's strength will be improved. This way, it will be more beneficial to our Shenwu assessment."

"Yes! The boss is still thoughtful! By the way, when do you think the boss can be promoted to the demigod realm?"

"It's almost time!"

"Yeah! By the way, after the boss is promoted to the demigod realm, he can automatically unlock the 500,000-star feedback, right?"

"It's true! However, the boss's feedback limit is 4,000 people. We only have more than 3,000 people who have reached 500,000 stars, and we haven't reached the upper limit yet!"

"Upstairs, as long as we are promoted to the 12th-level city, everyone's strength will increase greatly, and it is estimated that we will be able to gather 4,000 people. At that time, the boss will be able to get 4,000 people's combat power back, and the strength will be increased again. Soaring!"

"It's very beneficial for the boss to get a super god-level evaluation! I really hope that the boss will break through to the demigod realm soon!"

"Yeah! Little sister is also looking forward to it!"

"Don't worry girl upstairs! I believe that the boss will be able to break through soon!"

At this moment, Long Yuan is looking forward to Qin Feng's early breakthrough

At the same time, in the Temple of Creation, Qin Feng has arrived at the last assessment.

Chapter 694 The combat power rises again! The ultimate exam room!

That assessment office is also full of people!

I saw more than 200 gates of light in the field, and the gates of light were of different colors.

The white light door is the entrance to the low-level combat examination room.

To enter it, you need to score more than 5 points to be eligible to enter.

This is also the lowest level of fighting exams.

In other words, if the total score of the first five assessments is less than 5 points, they are not eligible to enter, then they will not be able to complete the last assessment, and they will not be able to advance to the demigod realm.

The number of white light gates is the largest. There are more than 100 seats in the field, and a total of more than 100,000 people are queuing.

After these people enter, if they pass the level successfully, most of them can get inferior evaluation.

The second is the silver-white light gate, which requires more than 10 points to enter.

Most of the passers can get a medium rating.

There are only thirty or so gates of light, with more than ten thousand people queuing up.

The third type is the silver light gate, there are more than ten seats, and the number of people queuing is only more than a thousand people.

This light gate requires more than 20 points to be eligible to enter.

Most of the passers can get top grades.

The fourth type of light gate is pale gold. There are only three gates, and there are only a hundred people in the queue. Only 40 points or more are required to be eligible to enter.

Most of the passers can get special evaluation.

The fifth type of light gate is pure gold. There is only one gate, and the number of people in the queue is less than a dozen people. You need to score more than 80 points to be eligible to enter.

Most of the passers can get a god-level evaluation.

The sixth type of light gate is purple-gold, and there is only one. There is no queue in front of the gate. You need to score more than 2 points to be eligible to enter.

Most of the passers can get super god-level evaluation.

At this moment, the dozen or so players who were in front of the fifth light gate raised their chins slightly and looked arrogant.

The players who were in front of the other four gates of light looked at the dozen or so people with envy and awe.

Those who can rank in front of the fifth type of light gate are all masters with more than 80 points, and they are the existences who have the hope of obtaining a god-level evaluation.

How could they not be envious and in awe!

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

I saw a young and handsome figure walking straight towards the sixth kind of light door...

Everyone was alarmed, and they all looked at the young man!

Even the players who were in front of the fifth type of light door were moved, and they all looked at the young man.

That young man is naturally Qin Feng!

"Look! That person is heading to the entrance of the super god-level examination room!"

The crowd murmured, their eyes full of curiosity.

The players in front of the fifth kind of light gate have different expressions.

Some are curious, some frown, some show jealousy, and some show disdain.

At the moment, the dozen people muttered.

"This guy is going to the super god-level examination room! Does he already have 2 points of Shenwu?"

"I don't think so! A young man like this is good to have 20 points in his hands! It is estimated that young people are curious, just go to the entrance and see!"

A middle-aged man in a green robe said in a sour tone.

He is a super genius of a star realm.

And he tried his best to get 80 points, just qualified to enter the god-level examination room.

He can't believe it, Qin Feng looks so young, he can have 2 points.

As soon as the middle-aged man's words fell, several people agreed.

"Your Excellency is right! I also think that this kid is just curious to see it!"

"Yeah! There are too many young people like this! They are curious and vain, so don't make a fuss!"

As soon as these words fell, the dozen or so people all nodded slightly.

These dozen people are all super geniuses!

And among geniuses, there is always jealousy!

Soon, Qin Feng walked to the entrance of the purple-gold light gate.

The dozen or so people couldn't help but wait and watch, with some worry in their eyes.

They were afraid that Qin Feng could enter the gate of light.

Most geniuses just can't see that others are better than themselves.

Even because the other party is better than himself, he wants to murder the other party.

Such cases are not uncommon!

However, Qin Feng said that when he arrived at the Guangmen, he did not directly enter the Guangmen, but looked at the monument beside the Guangmen.

Next to the entrance of each gate of light, there will be a verification monument.

There is a groove on the stele!

Players put the assessment order into the groove, and only after passing the points verification can they enter the gate of light.

In addition, there are some related instructions on the stele.

At this moment, Qin Feng is reading those contents...

[Entrance to the super god-level examination room: only those who have more than 2 points can enter]

[Reminder: In this test room, the maximum number of points that can be obtained is 2 points (under normal circumstances)]

[Reminder: In this examination room, the strongest guardian demon **** has reached the threshold level of the main god]

Seeing this, Qin Feng frowned slightly.

The strongest guardian demon **** is also the threshold of the main god!

It was not difficult for him.

In other words, he should be able to get 2 points of the upper limit!

For some reason, Qin Feng always felt a little unhappy!

He wants to get more than 1 point in one day, and naturally hopes that this level can get more points.

2 minutes!

For him, it still feels a little bit less!

After reading it, Qin Feng pondered.

Before that, he planned to wait for the fission body to refine the Daogu Dan and Shenmai Dan before entering the assessment.

If it is the guardian demon **** inside, the strongest is the threshold of the **** realm.

He seemed to be able to wait.

Just when Qin Feng hesitated, the geniuses at the fifth door of light couldn't help but show joy.

Especially the middle-aged man before, muttered proudly.

"Everyone, do you see it? This kid stood in a daze in front of the monument, and he didn't take out the assessment order, indicating that he was just curious to see it!"

"That's right! A normal qualified player has already taken out the assessment order and started to verify his qualifications. He is an unqualified person, and he doesn't even dare to take out the token, so he is too embarrassed to stand at the door!"

"Haha! Young people today! How vain! Do you have any qualifications, and you don't have a clue in your heart? It's really over your own power!"

There was even an arrogant man who looked at Qin Feng and shook his head with a look of disdain.

But before his voice fell, Qin Feng took out the assessment order.