Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The arrogant man was stunned for a moment!

But without thinking about it, Qin Feng put the token into the groove of the **** tablet!

Click~!

A little noise!

The token is stuck in the groove!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the stele vibrated violently, illuminating the sky and the earth!

Boom~!

Suddenly, the audience was shocked!

Not far away, thousands of exclamations sounded!

"Oh my god! That person has activated the super god-level assessment qualification!"

"My God! Someone really has the super-god-level assessment qualification that is rarely seen in tens of millions of years!"

"Amazing! It's really amazing!"

At this moment, the audience was amazed!

The dozen or so super geniuses are even the boss with their mouths open, and their eyes are full of disbelief.

This young man has reached 2 points?

The arrogant man before, his face is even more red!

This slap came too fast!

He just ridiculed Qin Feng for not being able to control himself, and he was slapped in the face!

But before he can react, the mutation in the field regenerates!

hum~~!

The sky trembled, and the voice of heaven resounded in the sky above the audience!

[Athlete Qin Feng is detected, and the challenge task of 'Supreme Grade Evaluation' has been activated, and the examination room of the Supreme Grade will be opened automatically]

Boom~!

The news is out!

Everyone was surprised!

Supreme exam room?

what is that? !

It sounds like it is more powerful than the super **** level!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the ground of the temple trembled slightly.

Near the sixth type of light gate, a golden stele slowly rises!

Boom~!

When the monument was completely raised, it suddenly lit up with a monstrous golden light, and the momentum was extremely extraordinary!

Om~!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Immediately afterwards, next to the God Monument, a door of light was opened, and the whole body was purple!

The seventh kind of assessment light gate has appeared!

Qin Feng was delighted, and quickly picked up his assessment order and came to the purple light gate.

Then, he looked at the stele, and saw a bunch of introductions on it...

[Entrance to the Supreme Examination Room: Only those who have more than 5 points can enter]

[Reminder: In this test room, the maximum number of points that can be obtained is 4 points (under normal circumstances)]

[Reminder: In this exam room, the strongest demon **** who guards the gates has reached the middle stage of the main god]

The middle stage of the Lord God!

That is the combat power of 400 million to 700 million stars!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath. This supreme-level assessment is much more difficult.

However, its income is also greater, and the upper limit of points can reach 4 points, which is incredible!

At this moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, there was a reminder from the Tao of Heaven...

[Congratulations on your successful refining of the 'Dao Gu Dan' with your fission body! Your whole body bones have been greatly strengthened, combat power +30,000 stars...]

[Congratulations on your successful refining of the 'Dao Gu Dan' with your fission body...

[Congratulations on the success of your fission body refining 'Shenmai Dan'! Your whole body muscles have been greatly strengthened, combat power +30,000 stars...]

【congratulations……

Huh~!

Finally refining!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise!

One minute outside, 30 minutes have passed in his zero-degree space.

He has spent ten minutes outside, and almost two hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

His fission body finally refined the four divine pills.

In this way, his basic combat power has reached 250 million stars.

It's time to take part in the challenge!

With this in mind, Qin Feng put the assessment order into the card slot of the tablet.

【Verification passed! Congratulations on your qualification to enter the supreme exam room! 】

2.8 咻~!

In the next second, a golden light was released from the tablet and poured into Qin Feng's body.

He happily took out the token and stepped directly into the purple light gate!

"My God! That man is in!"

"Go and see!"

At this moment, thousands of players flocked to the entrance of the Supreme Light Gate curiously.

They have never seen a door of light like this!

Even the more than a dozen geniuses from the God-level assessment office gave up the queue and ran to the entrance of the supreme level.

After a while, hundreds of people gathered around the entrance!

When everyone saw the contents of the entrance monument, they were completely stunned!

Break 5 points to qualify for entry!

It turned out that the young man's Shenwu points just now broke 5 points!

This makes them unable to imagine at all!

They didn't know that Qin Feng broke 6 points, not 5 points.

The dozen or so geniuses were also dumbfounded!

They can't help but look after each other!

It was not until this moment that they knew that the gap between them and Qin Feng was so great.

After a long time, the clown is actually themselves!

The geniuses sighed in their hearts, and could no longer arouse the slightest jealousy. In the depths of their hearts, only infinite shock and awe were left behind!

When a person is so good that it is hard to match, he will gain the admiration and admiration of others

Chapter 695 Supreme Relic! Angel God King!

On the other hand, Qin Feng entered a huge hall after crossing the gate of light.

In the hall, there was nothing but him!

The atmosphere in the field is somewhat solemn!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and looked around.

At this moment, over the hall, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded...

[Welcome to the supreme-level assessment space]

【You can choose 'Challenge Mode' or 'Challenge Mode' for the next assessment... 】

[Challenge Mode: The traditional assessment method takes a long time, and the upper limit of points is 4 points]

[Challenge Mode: Time-consuming, extremely difficult, and more rewarding. The upper limit of points is determined according to the performance of the players. 】

There are actually two test modes!

Qin Feng groaned.

He wants to achieve more than 1 point in one day and get a high-level supreme evaluation. Naturally, the less time it takes, the better.

In this way, the challenge mode is more suitable for you.

What's more, the challenge mode doesn't give an upper limit of points, maybe it can exceed 4 points...

Qin Feng knows very well that the more points he earns, the better.

Because after the False God Realm assessment is over, the points earned by the players are precious currencies.

Of course, players must be promoted to the False God realm to be eligible to use Shenwu points to buy treasures in the 'Tianbao Palace'.

There, maybe he can buy the treasures he wants, such as the source crystal of earth and the source crystal of wind.

It can be seen that the more Shenwu points you earn, the greater the benefits!

From the information given by Tiandao, it seems that the 'challenge mode' can earn more points.

Of course, all this has to wait for him to be promoted to False God Realm at 19 before he can have the right to purchase.

At this moment, over the hall, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again...

【Please make your choice! 】

"I choose challenge mode!"

Qin Feng made a choice without hesitation!

【Select "Challenge Mode" to succeed】

[Challenge Mode: Players only have three chances to challenge, points will be deducted if they fail, and the punishment will be severe. 】

[A player who dies during the challenge will be resurrected by Heaven. 】

[A player fails to challenge once, and the difficulty of the second challenge is automatically lowered by one level, and if he fails twice in a row, he will directly lose the qualification for the challenge]

[Challenge qualifications, players are directly demoted to the super god-level examination room]

[The challenge is successful, and the difficulty of the second challenge will automatically increase by one level, and so on]

[One minute later, the challenge will start, please prepare the players...]

【Countdown: 65958】

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

If you fail the challenge assessment, you will be deducted points, and the punishment is not small!

If it is a pass test, the big deal is that the pass fails, it will be counted as 0 points, and there is no punishment.

It seems that in the next three challenges, he cannot fail in one!