Otherwise, the points he has worked so hard to earn will go to waste!

Having said that, blessings and misfortunes depend on!

The bigger the punishment, the bigger the reward!

Besides, comprehensive combat ability is his strongest point!

With this in mind, Qin Feng no longer hesitated, and quickly prepared...

Boom~!

As soon as he thought about it, he released the power of joining the Tao and obtained 1.2 million star combat power!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Immediately afterwards, white light flashed on his body, and each piece of mighty artifact emerged one by one!

Heaven Storage God Ring, Crazy Thunder Gloves, Ice Domain God Boots, Space-Time God Armor.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, the four artifacts were worn, giving him 1.3 million star combat power back!

Boom~!

Afterwards, a pair of huge golden wings suddenly unfolded behind Qin Feng!

That is the Zhentian Divine Wing, the top-grade god-level!

He directly fed him a 50,000-star combat power!

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, a white light flashed in his hand, and a divine sword appeared out of thin air!

It was the Divine Sword of Fortune that day, the peak of the high-grade **** rank, which directly turned over and fed back the 10,000-star combat power!

Om~!

At this time, another divine book emerged from the sky, blooming with divine light!

"Book of the Present" appeared!

huh~!

In the next second, "Book of the Present World" entered the body and merged with Qin Feng!

He received another 50,000-star combat power back, and his luck skyrocketed by 20 times!

So far, Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power has reached 272.5 million stars, and his strength has skyrocketed!

Whoo~!

Everything is ready!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

According to Tiandao's tips, the challenge assessment is extremely difficult, and there will be penalties for failure.

He naturally wants to show his strongest state and strive for a smooth pass!

He is very satisfied with the current combat power!

Next, he waited for the challenge to begin.

According to Tiandao's tips, every challenge will be rewarded.

He hopes that he can clear all three levels and get all the rewards.

I just don't know, what will be the reward this time?

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations!

Soon, a minute passed.

Boom~Long~Long~!

【Countdown is over! The first challenge begins! 】

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

Qin Feng only felt that the sky was spinning, white light flashed around him, and he disappeared into the hall...

When the white light dissipated, he appeared in a huge alien space!

It was a white world with holy light everywhere!

In the center of the world, there is a huge spiritual pond, which is filled with milky white spiritual liquid.

Qin Feng was curious and peeped into the spiritual liquid in the pool...

[Bright Holy Water: Demigod Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

【It can heal all wounds and nourish all things】

It turned out to be bright holy water!

There are hundreds of millions of drops of holy water in such a large pool, and the combined value is no less than a high-grade sacred object!

Seeing this, Qin Feng swallowed his saliva and felt a little moved.

Then, he raised his head again and looked at the center of the Lingchi...

There is a bone bead that is as white as jade, the quality is like glazed jade, the surface is as smooth as water, and it has thirteen rays of brilliance.

[Supreme Relic Bone (light and dark): the pinnacle of high-grade gods]

[This relic bone is made from the bone of the **** king, and it contains a lot of light energy and dark energy, as well as the luck of heaven. 】

[Reminder: Anyone who becomes a king of gods can have great luck. After its fall, the corpse can also save a party's luck. 】

[Reminder: Refining this relic bone can increase the basic combat power of a thousand stars and increase the luck value tenfold]

[Reminder: Only those who possess both light and dark talents can refine this relic bone]

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes suddenly burst into a fiery light!

This relic is definitely a treasure!

He has mastered the two talents of light and dark, which is just right to refine this bone.

However, who in the end had soaked such a precious relic bone in the holy water of light?

He could see that the man soaked the relic bones in holy water to keep the spirituality of the relic bones intact.

However, this bone has dual attributes of light and dark, and only soaking in the holy water of light is not right.

At this moment, a mutation occurred!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw between heaven and earth, countless white lights, flocking to the top of the Lingchi.

When the light dissipated, the whole world suddenly became dim!

In the next second, those white lights gathered into a human shape, and the whole body radiated dazzling light, making people unable to see their facial features, and only a pair of golden pupils could be seen.

There are also twelve pairs of white wings behind it, and the momentum is shocking!

what!

This is clearly a twelve-winged angel!

The gods and demons guarding here have something to do with the Bright God Realm!

At the moment, Qin Feng peeped towards the twelve-winged angel...

[Evil Object]: Angel God King

[Boundary]: The initial stage of the Lord God

[Combat Strength]: 350 million stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

[Reminder: This is the guarding demon **** who passed the twelfth level of the test]

Seeing this, Qin Feng couldn't help shrinking his pupils, and he felt bad in his heart!

This is actually a Demon God with a combat power of 350 million stars, which is much higher than his combat power!

His strongest combat power is only 272 million stars!

Of course, this is a state of no combat sacrifice!

But in the Shenwu assessment, it is forbidden to use sacrifices!

We can only rely on Qin Feng's own strength to break through!

I didn't expect that the first challenge would be so difficult? !

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

Having said that, this Angel God King is a pass-through assessment, and the guarding Demon God in the twelfth pass is the second-to-last pass!

There are a total of thirteen levels to pass the test!

The problem came, and the guarding demon **** of the penultimate level appeared.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

If he passes this challenge, the next one should be the guardian demon **** of the thirteenth level.

If he passes the second challenge, who will send 963 to the third challenge?

Could it be that the guy who challenged for the third time is not in the pass assessment?

Qin Feng was a little confused.

However, if he kills this Angel God King, the benefits will be enormous.

Not to mention anything else, he made a lot of money just from the bright holy water in the pool and the relic bones at the peak of the high-grade gods.

Just when Qin Feng was looking at the Angel God King, the Angel God King was also looking at Qin Feng silently.

Those golden pupils, with the tendency to look at all living beings, did not have the slightest emotional fluctuations, and they were all cold!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, above the space, the voice of Heavenly Dao came...

[Welcome players to the Holy Light Realm (challenge the first level)]

[Challenge rules: Players need to kill the target within 30 minutes to be considered clear. 】

[Those who fail to kill in the timeout period will fail the challenge! Deduct 50 Shenwu points as punishment! 】

[Kill the target within 20 to 30 minutes, you can get 50 points of Shenwu points reward, as well as additional rewards for clearing the level. 】

[Kill the target within 10 to 20 minutes, you can get 1 point of Shenwu point reward, and double the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 3 to 10 minutes, you can get 150 Shenwu points reward, and three times the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 1 to 3 minutes, you can get 2 points of Shenwu points reward, and four times the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 10 seconds to 1 minute, you can get 250 Shenwu points reward, and five times the level of breakthrough reward]

[Kill the target in 10 seconds, you can get 3 points of Shenwu points, and six times the reward for passing the level]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Kill the target within 10 seconds, you can get 3 points of Shenwu reward!

This reward is too generous!

However, killing the target within 10 seconds, rather than defeating the target, is also ridiculously difficult.

If nothing else, in terms of total combat power, he is far inferior to the God King of Light.

He wants to kill it in 10 seconds, is that possible?

Qin Feng swallowed his saliva and began to think about countermeasures.

At the same time, Tiandao sent another reminder.