Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Your agility talent has been promoted from D level to C level! 】

The first extraction is complete!

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the C-level talent - the true meaning of the body! 】

[Your physical talent has been promoted from automatic D level to C level! 】

The second one has been extracted!

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the C-level talent - the true meaning of soil! 】

[Your soil talent is automatically promoted from D level to C level! 】

The third one has been extracted!

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the C-level talent - the true meaning of gold! 】

[Your gold talent is automatically promoted from D level to C level! 】

The fourth one has been extracted!

In less than a minute, Qin Feng extracted four corpses in a row, which can be described as a series of surprises.

His various talents have been fully upgraded, his strength has skyrocketed, and the harvest has been huge.

This is the greatest benefit brought by the Wraith Messenger.

Soon, he began to extract the body of the woman in the white dress, who was also the strongest messenger of resentment...

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the B-level talent - The Profound Truth of Wood! 】

Ha ha!

Class B!

It's actually a B-level talent!

Qin Feng was surprised.

No wonder this woman is so strong, she turned out to be a B-level talent.

[Reminder: During the process of awakening the Profound Truth of Wood (level B), you automatically awakened the third-order skill - Rejuvenation. 】

[Rejuvenation Technique: The third-order skill of the wood system, which means that withered trees meet spring. This skill can repair injuries in a short period of time and achieve the effect of returning to life. 】

Qin Feng was surprised again.

What he lacks most now is healing skills.

Unexpectedly, this time I woke up.

With this healing skill, he can quickly recover even if he is seriously injured in the future, which greatly improves his combat toughness.

Especially when the strength is comparable, he can slowly consume the opponent to death.

This skill greatly makes up for his deficiencies.

The more Qin Feng thought about it, the more cool it became.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: Eighty-nine people in the Blue Star Realm have obtained the 'Ren 643 Guidance Scroll' (this progress is reminded every ten minutes). 】

The number is approaching one hundred.

The competition for the top ten is getting fiercer!

Qin Feng suddenly felt that time was running out.

He is only one step away from killing the grudge now.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the altar in front with a solemn expression.

His tasks are twice as difficult as others.

Then the resentful demon he wants to kill will be stronger than other resentful demons.

Just now, he fought against the five resentful spirit messengers alone, and it was a little difficult to kill them.

With his current strength, can he really kill the Demon?

Qin Feng has no bottom in his heart.

correct!

You can improve your strength first, and then unlock the seal.

The stronger the strength, the more secure it is.

With this in mind, Qin Feng quickly entered the trading channel.

When he went in to check, he was dumbfounded.

The more than 30 novice knives that he hung up not long ago have now been sold out.

In the acquisition column, there were more than thirty corpses of level 8 and level 9 beasts.

In addition, there are as many as eleven tier 1 spiritual grasses and three tier 1 spiritual fruits.

He looked at the transaction records again, and the spiritual grass of a few people was actually given to him for free.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was moved.

He took down the list of those people.

One of them was actually Liu Yuan.

These favors, he will remember.

In short, the brothers in 911 Village are very supportive of him!

Everyone had high hopes for him.

He couldn't let these brothers down either.

At the moment, Qin Feng stopped dawdling, and from the trading channel, he proposed those corpses, spirit grass, and spirit fruits, and began to quickly extract them.

It took a full quarter of an hour before he finished extracting, and he got a total of 217 attributes, which made his strength skyrocket.

This made him happy for a while.

In addition, in his trading column, he acquired more than twenty novice knives.

After he processed it into a Tier 1 Steel Knife, he hung it all up in the trading channel.

After doing this, he entered the chat channel.

As soon as he entered, he saw everyone chatting nervously.

"Brothers, it's been twenty minutes. What's wrong with Boss Qin Feng?"

"He must have unlocked the seal and was fighting the evil demon!"

"I guess so! I'm so worried about him!"

"I hope he can successfully kill the grudge!"

"Hey! To tell the truth, I am very uneasy now. The task of our village is twice as difficult as others. In other words, if the boss Qin Feng wants to kill the resentful demon, his strength will be even more terrible!"

"Yeah! Even so, Tiandao has not yet prompted that someone has completed the task. It can be seen that that resentful demon is not easy to kill! Thinking of this, I am worried about Qin Feng's boss."

Seeing this, Qin Feng spoke.

Qin Feng: "Brothers, the corpses of level 8 beasts are no longer needed. At present, I only need level 9 beasts. In addition, various spirit grasses and spirit fruits will continue to be purchased."

When he appeared, the audience cheered.

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng! Boss Qin Feng has appeared!"

"Boss Qin Feng, are you okay now? Did you kill the resentful demon?"

"Yeah! We're so worried! You killed the grudge so quickly?"

Qin Feng: "No! I'm right next to the seal altar. I'll unlock the seal in a while. There should be a **** battle."

"Brother Qin Feng, you must be careful! My little sister has been nervous all night, and her urine is about to come out."

"Sister upstairs, please be gentle."

"Boss Qin Feng, tell the truth, if you find that something is wrong, run away as soon as possible. If you stay in the mountains, you won't be afraid of running out of firewood."

"That's right! We failed this time, we can try again next time!"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng, our 911 village depends on you. You must not have an accident! We are also counting on you to lead us to sweep across the ten thousand districts and unify the Blue Star Realm!"

Qin Feng: "Brothers, I appreciate everyone's kindness. I am here this time to ask for a purchase. Does anyone have a second-order or higher spiritual fruit? If there is, I will purchase it!"

As soon as these words fell, the head of a middle-aged man jumped.

That person was Yu Wen, the leader of the 911 village players, and he was not far from level 7.

Yu Wen: "Boss Qin Feng, I got a bronze treasure chest not long ago and opened a third-order spiritual fruit. I wonder if you are interested?"

Qin Feng: "Tier 3 Spirit Fruit? What's the use?"

Yu Wen: "It's called Baiweiguo. If you eat this spirit fruit, you can awaken your F-rank talent and strengthen your sense of taste."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was pleasantly surprised.

Taste talent!

This is one of his most in-demand talents.

As long as he awakens the taste talent, he can get the C-level six senses.

With the six senses connected, his Beast Control Technique and Phantom Clone Technique can all be used.

This taste talent has a great effect on him.

But without waiting for Qin Feng to reply, the people in the group were discussing a lot.

"Fuck! I thought it was some kind of powerful third-order spirit fruit, but it turned out to be a spirit fruit that awakens taste talents. Mr. Yu Wen, your spirit fruit is a bit tasteless!"

"Yeah! What's the use of awakening taste talent? Is it more exciting to eat after awakening? That's a fart!"

"I also think it's useless! It is estimated that among all talents, this F-level taste enhancement is the worst! It is almost equal to no!"

Yu Wen smiled bitterly: "Yes! I also think this stuff is useless. Otherwise, I would have eaten it long ago. Boss Qin Feng, do you need it?"

Qin Feng: "Need! What do you need?"

Yu Wen: "Boss Qin Feng, you can give it to me! Anyway, this spiritual fruit doesn't seem to be of much use. You can give me any second-order item."

As soon as these words fell, someone in the channel refuted.

"Boss Yu Wen, are you too greedy? With your broken spirit fruit, you can still exchange for second-order items? If you want me to see, you need a few first-order steel knives, so you can get it!"

Yu Wen smiled bitterly: "Brother, no matter how bad my Spirit Fruit is, it's still Tier 3!"

Qin Feng: "Yu Wen, come to the trading channel!"

Yu Wen: "Okay! Let's go!"

At the moment, the two entered the trading channel.

Qin Feng didn't talk nonsense, he took out a long whip and exchanged it with Yu Wen.

The long whip was obtained from the resentful spirit messenger. It was originally a second-order item, but he extracted it into a third-order item.

When Yu Wen saw that Qin Feng gave him a third-order long whip, he was completely moved.

So far, he has more respect for Qin Feng.

After the transaction, Qin Feng quit the channel.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

There was a green spirit fruit in his hand, exuding a faint fragrance.

That's it - Baiwei fruit!

[Baiweiguo: The third-order spiritual fruit, after eating, 100% of the F-level talent will be obtained—taste enhancement. 】

Gee!

There are some talents that can be obtained from the spiritual fruit.

The creation of heaven and earth is amazing!

Qin Feng sighed