Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Challenge Tip: Please prepare for both sides of the battle! After the countdown is over, the battle can begin! 】

[Countdown: 10…9…8…].

Chapter 696 Continuous counter-kill! Angel's Voice!

As soon as he heard the countdown, Qin Feng held his breath, and the whole person's fighting thoughts instantly reached the peak!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The Angel God King smiled coldly, and there was a hint of disdain in his golden pupils.

Ha ha!

A player in the realm of heaven!

He really didn't pay attention!

Having said that, hundreds of millions of years have passed, and someone has finally activated the supreme-level assessment!

This supreme-level examination room is not only shared by a hundred star fields, but a hundred thousand star fields.

This is equal to the number of players selected, which has been expanded by a thousand times!

Among these 100,000 star fields, since the establishment of the Temple of Creation, only 71 people have activated the supreme star field,

Evenly spread out, among the fifteen thousand star fields, only one person can activate the supreme-level assessment.

And the seventy-one people all chose to pass the test, and no one dared to choose to challenge the test.

After all, the difficulty of the challenge assessment is more than ten times that of the clearance assessment, and there will be a punishment mechanism!

Who dares to choose? !

Only the human beings in front of them didn't know how high the sky was and chose to challenge the assessment!

He will let this human know what regret is!

The Angel God King sneered in his heart!

Of course, the rewards for the challenge assessment will be even more generous.

pity! This human being has absolutely no chance to get it!

Thinking of this, he opened his mouth slowly and made a hoarse voice.

"Human! This deity was originally the guardian demon **** of the twelfth level. Before you, seventy-one people started the supreme examination, but only three people made it to the twelfth level!"

"Unfortunately! Those three people died in the hands of the deity, and no one could break through! The one who persisted the longest only lasted for 23 minutes. I hope you can last longer than that person! Don't let the deity down!"

The tone of the Angel King's voice contained a hint of playfulness.

Qin Feng's scalp was numb when he heard it!

If what this guy said is true, then no one can break through this guy's hands!

Could it be that he will lose the first challenge? !

It was at this moment that a reminder came from Tiandao!

【Prepare countdown is over! Challenge timer starts:]

Boom~!

As soon as the timer was over, Qin Feng went straight to the King of Angels!

In order to get higher points and rewards, he naturally has to seize every minute and second, and strive to kill the Angel God King in the shortest time!

Swish~!

In just a split second, Qin Feng came to the front!

"die!"

The Angel God King sneered and slapped Qin Feng with a direct palm!

Those white and slender palms turned into sharp claws as soon as they were slapped, like the claws of beasts, madly grabbing down!

sigh~!

Wherever the sharp claws passed, the claws were windy, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

The sharp claws directly tore the space, leaving five black space cracks, which seemed to tear apart the world and destroy everything!

In the blink of an eye, that claw was close to Qin Feng's face!

There was a hideous smile in the golden eyes of the Angel God King!

He wants to tear this human boy who doesn't know how to live and die to shreds with a single claw!

huh~!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared in an instant!

Boom~!

Click~! chah~!

That claw suddenly grabbed the air, directly grabbed a large area of ​​space, and grabbed a pitch-black space black hole on the spot!

huh~!

At the same moment, Qin Feng appeared strangely behind the Angel King.

It turned out that he used the space teleportation to arrive after the sound of the king of gods.

When this appeared, he slashed with all his strength and slashed towards the back of the Angel God King!

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky!

The combat power of nearly 273 million burst out in an instant, extremely terrifying!

"Huh'.!"

The King of Angels was shocked!

In an instant, he sensed Qin Feng's fighting power, and he was quite surprised!

This kid's combat power has reached about 273 million stars, and he is the most powerful player among the players he has encountered.

It seems that he underestimated this kid before!

However, that's all there is to it!

His combat power has reached 350 million stars, how can he be afraid of this combat power!

Om~!

Thinking of this, the Angel God King didn't bother to turn his head back, just a thought, and a light shield was propped up!

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng's sword was about to slash above the mask!

The Angel God King didn't care at all!

His mask is extremely protective!

The opponent does not have the combat power of around 350 million stars, and he can't break his mask at all. What else should he worry about!

Wow~!

In just a moment, the Angel God King turned around and grabbed Qin Feng's chest with one claw.

Kacha~!

That claw directly shatters the void!

Five sharp claws, like five sharp knives, directly pierce Qin Feng's chest!

At the same moment, Qin Feng's sword has fallen!

At the moment when it fell, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword lit up with a dazzling golden light!

Om~!

SSS-level Chaos Law is activated!

Spiritual power is transformed into the power of chaos!

Qin Feng's attack power has skyrocketed!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the invisible and invisible power of luck also turned into a looming white light, blessing on that sword!

The power of that sword has skyrocketed again!

Swish~!

That sword slashed above the mask!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Above the mask, countless cracks cracked in an instant, approaching the edge of shattering!

The King of Angels is horrified!

Those golden pupils trembled involuntarily!

He never expected that Qin Feng's sword could smash through his mask with just a sliver!

However, after all, that is a little bit worse!

He still resisted!

Swish~!

At this moment, his claw approached Qin Feng's chest!

The eyes of the Angel God King were full of pride.

He knew that Qin Feng had no time to dodge!

As we all know, space teleportation has a cooling time.

Qin Feng has just used space teleportation and can't use it for the second time in a row, so he can't avoid his claw!

He firmly believed that his claw would definitely pierce Qin Feng's chest!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Qin Feng did not avoid it, and his figure rose against the wind, constantly rising.

In a blink of an eye, he turned into a giant with a height of 100,000 meters!

The law of heaven and earth, display it!

Attack and defense, all skyrocketed by 20%!

At this time, the attack of the Angel God King also arrived!

His claw aimed at Qin Feng's heart and stabbed it fiercely!

puff~!

A soft sound!

Blood shot!

Those five sharp fingertips plunged into Qin Feng's heart!

But the angel only pierced a few inches, and could no longer pierce it!

The perverted defense of the Tongtian Hegemony was manifested at this moment!

The Angel God King was shocked, and there was an unbelievable color in the depths of his eyes.