Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This human being in the heaven-level realm, the physical defense is so terrifying, it is not under his protective mask at all!

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng slashed down with another sword!

Swish~!

The sword light flashed!

Ten thousand feet of sword energy, rising into the sky, one after another!

The power of this second sword, under the blessing of the body of the law, has skyrocketed by 20%, making the world tremble!

Before the Angel God King could react, the sword slashed down!

Click~!

A crisp sound!

The cracked protective mask shattered in response!

That sword continued to slash and fall!

Click~! chah~!

Another crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng split the Angel God King into two halves with one sword!

roar~!

The pitiful roar of the God King reverberated in the void!

But the next second, mutation regeneration!

The corpse of the **** king turned into white light and dissipated away, leaving only a golden core in place.

That is the life gate of the angelic beast - the heart of an angel!

As long as the Angel's core is immortal, the Angel God King will not die!

Om~!

As soon as the core appeared, it burst into the sky with white light, illuminating the entire space, making Qin Feng unable to open his eyes!

Wow~la~la~!

Immediately afterwards, the bright holy water in the spiritual pool below rose into the sky and gathered towards the angel's core!

Obviously, the King of Angels wants to reshape the flesh!

Qin Feng was in a hurry and wanted to stop it.

It took him three seconds before and after to split the body of the **** king, exposing the angel's core, how could it be possible to reshape the body.

If his remodeling is successful, all his previous efforts will be in vain!

With this in mind, Qin Feng is about to attack again!

"."Humans! Go to sleep! Enter into that blissful dream! Don't go against the will of God!"

But at this moment, the voice of the angel **** king came from the inner core of the angel.

That voice was extremely ethereal and lazy, with weird fluctuations!

Reverberates throughout the space!

Qin Feng felt that the voice seemed to whisper in his ears.

As the sound fluctuated, his soul body was also shaking, creating an extremely comfortable feeling that made him fall asleep.

That is the "Voice of Angels", one of the trump cards of the Angel God King, which can hypnotize all living beings in the world and control all living beings!

For a moment, Qin Feng's eyes were confused, and countless beautiful illusions began to appear in his mind!

At the same moment, countless bright holy waters rushed in, wrapping the 'angel core' and forming a liquid humanoid thing.

After the humanoid thing wriggled for a while, the body of the Angel God King was successfully remodeled!

He is resurrected!

Everything is intact!

The King of Angels was overjoyed and quickly looked up at Qin Feng, only to see that Qin Feng's eyes were still confused.

He is even more proud!

His angelic voice is a spiritual attack.

If the strength of the soul power is lower than the threshold of the main **** realm, it will not be able to resist his attack at all.

How could this human being in the realm of heaven be able to resist.

After all, this human is really strong!

He should be the strongest player he has ever seen, and he almost capsized himself in the gutter.

In the end, he forced himself to use his trump card - Angel's Voice, and only pulled back a round.

Thinking of this, the King of Angels will kill Qin Feng!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

Om~!

Behind Qin Feng's head, a sudden light burst forth!

A white lotus as white as jade, with nine petals blooming, appeared out of thin air!

The holy lotus of the mind, projected out!

As soon as the holy lotus appeared, Qin Feng's soul power increased greatly!

Om~!

In an instant, Qin Feng's eyes became clear!

The voice of the angel that filled his sea of ​​consciousness was instantly wiped out!

The king of gods was startled, and he thought to himself that this kid had so many tricks.

With this in mind, he will do it again!

But at this moment, Qin Feng raised a seal.

Go back in time, start the afternoon in an instant!

Om~!

An invisible force of heaven and earth instantly blessed the Angel God King!

The king of gods suddenly found in horror that the flow of time on his body began to flow backwards, and the fleshly body automatically turned into holy water, fading away.

Chapter 697 Kill the King of God! Divine Sword Broken!

In a blink of an eye, the body of the Angel God King all collapsed, turned into holy water again, and fell back to the spiritual pond, leaving only an angel's heart in place.

Everything is back to where it was a second ago!

The King of Angels was furious!

But without waiting for him to think about it, Qin Feng slashed at the heart of the angel with a sword!

Without the protection of the flesh, the angel's heart is equivalent to losing any defense.

Swish~!

Cold light flashes!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, slashing down!

Poof~!

A soft sound!

That sword easily split the heart of the angel!

But before Qin Feng is happy, the mutation will regenerate!

Om~!

I saw the angel's heart, which was split in two, suddenly burst into golden light and merged automatically!

In the blink of an eye, it merged into one and became complete again, without even a trace of breath being damaged.

It turned out that the angel's heart is a special existence between matter and consciousness, which is extremely difficult to destroy and is not afraid of ordinary attacks at all.

And the core of the angel is immortal, and the king of gods is immortal!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was a little surprised, thinking that the situation is a bit difficult!

If he can't destroy the angel's core, how can he kill the angel **** king? !

If he can't kill the Angel God King, his challenge in this level will fail!

At the same moment, the angel's core exuded violent mental fluctuations, and the strange laughter of the angelic **** king came from within it!

"Die~! Die~! Humble human beings! You can't kill this **** king! Just wait and die!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, the Lingchi below suddenly rioted!

Wow~! La~! La~!

Countless bright holy waters rose into the sky again, rushing towards the angel's core.

The King of Angels wants to be resurrected again!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly split, revealing a golden pupil, emitting a thrilling light!

That is the God of Punishment!

huh~!

In the next breath, a red-golden beam of light shot out from the pupils and directly slammed into the angel's core.

That 463 red golden beam of light is Qin Feng's new supernatural power - the Holy Light of Heaven's Punishment!

Seeing the Holy Light strike, the Angel God King felt disdain, and a disdainful voice came from his core.

"Humanity! The core of my core, tangible and intangible, can't be destroyed by your little one! You"

huh~!

Before these words were finished, the Holy Light of Heavenly Punishment penetrated the core!

Poof~chi~!

In the next second, the core suddenly shattered, turning into white light spots in the sky, and began to collapse!

"Oh~~`! No!"

Terrible scream!

Echoing in the void!

Under that blow, the angel's heart exploded!

Even the true spirit of the God King hidden in the core was wiped out!

It turns out that the Holy Light of Heavenly Punishment is the nemesis of all soul-like things, which just restrains the heart of an angel!

At this moment, where the core collapsed, a dazzling golden light flew into Qin Feng's body

[You successfully killed the Angel God King (the initial stage of the main god) and obtained +200 million attributes]

[You successfully killed the Angel God King (the initial stage of the main god) and obtained +1.5 trillion energy points]

[You succeeded in killing the Angel God King (the initial stage of the Lord God) and obtained +2 gold judgment points]ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Whoo~!

Finally killed it!