Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

In the next second, an upgraded white light lit up on him.

【Your level has been promoted to level 71! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 2 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2 points! 】

[Your vocation has been promoted to Level 56 Judgment Supreme (Elementary)! 】

【Your BMI increases by 2 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2 points! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2 points! 】

Qin Feng's rank and vocation have been upgraded at the same time!

It's a very good harvest!

Especially the promotion of vocation, Qin Feng has always wanted, and now he has another chance.

Having said that, in this challenge, there is no ten times the reward and blessing of the third round of hegemony.

But the realm of the Angel God King is high enough, and the rewards obtained by killing him are still extremely rich!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Om~!

At this moment, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand suddenly trembled.

Immediately afterwards, the Divine Sword produced a huge suction force, and swallowed it towards the place where the Angel God King fell...

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

An earth-shattering swallow!

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword seemed to be swallowing something, and the light from the sword body became brighter and brighter.

Then, an invisible force flowed into Qin Feng's body along the hilt of the sword, making his whole body warm and extremely comfortable!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Luck Divine Sword has swallowed half of the luck value of the 'Angel God King'! Congrats on getting 5x luck! 】

It turned out that the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword helped him absorb the luck!

How cool!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his eyes were full of joy.

He almost forgot that his Heavenly Luck Divine Sword also came with a skill - Luck Absorption!

[Air Luck Absorption: Killing the main god-level target can absorb half of the opponent's Luck value to improve its own Luck]

That Angel God King's luck value is 10 times, and half of the luck is absorbed, which is 5 times the luck value.

As a result, Qin Feng's luck value has reached 82 times the value.

In this regard, Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

You must know that luck is elusive, invisible and invisible, which is extremely rare!

It is a rare opportunity to be able to increase the line!

Having said that, the Angel God King is just the guardian of the devil in this level, and he will be resurrected by Heaven after he dies.

However, even if the Angel God King is resurrected, the loss of luck cannot be recovered.

Luck is elusive, even the will of God is unpredictable!

The resurrection of all things by the way of heaven will not compensate for their loss of luck.

In other words, even if the Lord God killed by Qin Feng can be resurrected, his strength will decline.

Because every time they die, they will lose half of their luck, which is irreversible!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

When the luck drops, the strength will naturally also drop.

All this is hard to see with the naked eye!

And luck is extremely important to existences above the main god.

Anyone who can become a king of gods will be accompanied by great luck!

If the luck is not enough, even if the strength is sufficient, it may not be able to become the king of gods.

However, all this is nothing to Qin Feng at all.

He is very lucky!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng fondly stroked the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand!

This sword is infinitely useful and powerful!

correct!

His luck has reached 82 times the value, plus the 20 times the blessing of "Book of the Present World", it is not 102 times the value.

Such a majestic atmosphere has reached the standard for cracking the second seal of the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword!

As soon as Qin Feng's eyes lit up, he stroked the sword body with one hand, and a faint white light immediately lit up in the palm of his hand.

Afterwards, the invisible and majestic power of luck was madly poured into the sword from his palm.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, a crisp explosion sounded from the blade, as if the seal was being cracked!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

hum~~!

The divine sword vibrated violently, and the spiritual light suddenly released, instantly illuminating the entire space!

Tiandao also sent a reminder

[Congratulations on breaking the second seal of the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword! 】

[Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword will automatically be promoted to the limit of the top-grade god-level, and the combat power will be raised to 20,000 stars]

[Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword has been upgraded successfully, with the skill 'Luck Absorption', and its power has been upgraded from primary to intermediate]

[Conditions for unlocking the last seal: When the luck value reaches 2 times that of ordinary people, the last seal can be unlocked. 】

Really unraveled!

Qin Feng was pleasantly surprised, and quickly looked at the divine sword in his hand

[Sword of Heavenly Fate (one seal remaining): the limit of the high-grade god-level, can feed back 2-star combat power]

[Incidental Skill: Luck Absorption (Intermediate)]

[Air Luck Absorption (Intermediate): Killing the main god-level target can absorb 70% of the opponent's air luck value to improve its own air luck]

what!

After the skill 'Luck Absorption' is upgraded to the mid-term, 70% of the Luck can be absorbed.

This harvest is huge!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a reminder from Heaven came

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, he successfully killed the Angel God King, it took 7 seconds to get the highest rating in this level. 】

[Reward player Qin Feng, Shenwu points 3 points! 】

[Reward player Qin Feng, six times the reward for passing the level]

Qin Feng laughed!

The real big reward is here!

As long as the time to clear the level is less than 10 seconds, you can get the highest level evaluation of this level and get the most rewards.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Heaven's Way's prompt continues to sound

【The rewards for this level are as follows】

[Bonus players twice the luck value! 】

[Reward the contestant with 1 Daogu Dan (middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward the contestant with 1 Shenmai Dan (middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward player 1 group of the source of divine power (the peak of the middle-level god-level)! 】

The rewards are so generous!

This time, Qin Feng was shocked!

But before he thought about it, the prompt sounded again

[It is detected that the player completes the level within 10 seconds, and has obtained the highest rating in this level, and the reward for passing the level is doubled]

【The content of the reward has been changed as follows】

[Reward players with 12 times the luck value! 】

[Reward the contestant with 6 Daogu Dan (middle grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 6 Shenmai Pills (middle grade gods)]

[Reward players for 6 groups of sources of divine power (the peak of the middle-level god-level)! 】

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

The richness of this reward is far beyond his imagination!

After he has digested these rewards, his strength will skyrocket!

Om~!

At this time, the sky shook, and a milky white light beam of air fell on Qin Feng's head.

He closed his eyes involuntarily, and accepted the reward of luck comfortably.

The next second, Qin Feng felt that the air was moisturizing his whole body, and his mood was inexplicably happy.

In just a moment, his own luck value increased by 12 times, reaching 94 times.

If you add the blessing of luck from the "Book of the Present World", it will be 114 times!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and looked happy!

Om~!

At this time, the second beam of light fell!

Six Dao Bone Pills, six Divine Vein Pills, and six sources of divine power slowly descended along the beam of light.

When the treasure was in front of him, Qin Feng put it away with satisfaction.

At this point, the reward is over!

However, Qin Feng's harvest is not over yet.

With this in mind, he looked up at the Lingchi in front of him.

There are also billions of drops of the bright holy water of the semi-god rank, and the supreme relic bone of the peak of the high-grade **** rank.

That relic bone is the biggest harvest of this level!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng walked to Lingchi

Chapter 698: The Origin of the Holy Bone! The temptation of chance!