Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Gabriel also took a deep breath and couldn't help but look up, looking in the direction of the Azure Dragon Starfield.

Even if he is the power of the ultimate level of the main god, he is still moved by the chance of the second level of the holy land.

Then, he turned around and looked at everyone with a smile on his face.

"The second floor of the Holy Land is indeed an extremely rare opportunity. It is rumored that someone has the opportunity to be promoted to the quasi-god king. It's just that the deity did not expect that Qin Feng actually has six or seven pass orders in his hands, which seems to be cheaper for us. what!"

As soon as these words fell, Uriel and the others all smiled knowingly.

As if those tokens, they have already taken it.

"By the way, Lord Gabriel, Judas also mentioned something. The entrance to the Holy Land will open in six and a half days. That's the day you arrive at the Blue Star Realm. Will it be a little rushed?"

Uriel expressed his concern again.

Gabriel frowned slightly: "It is indeed a little worrying to say that! If I miss the opening time of the Holy Land when I rush there, I will miss a big opportunity. It seems that the deity needs to make Judas charge up time faster. It's gone!"

At the moment, Gabriel showed a contemplative color.

After a while, he seemed to have made up his mind, took out a storage ring with a painful face, and put it on the teleportation altar.

Om~!

In the next second, the teleportation altar will automatically operate, and the storage ring will turn into a white light and be teleported.

Seeing this scene, the three of Uriel were amazed!

"Lord Gabriel, this is..."

Uriel asked curiously.

Gabriel took a deep breath and said, "The deity put a magic pill in the storage ring. That magic pill can temporarily double the strength of Judas for three days!"

Uriel's eyes lit up: "My lord, if Judas's strength is doubled, then the time he takes to charge the teleportation array can be shortened by more than two-thirds!"

Gabriel nodded slightly: "Indeed!"

As soon as these words fell, the three of Uriel were all overjoyed.

Then, Wu Lie said excitedly: "Sir, the time is so shortened, then Kaxiu will be able to rush to the Blue Star Realm in three or four hours. Karu and I will be able to rush in 20 hours later. You'll be there in two days."

"In this way, the Lord will never miss the opportunity of the Holy Land! By the way, Lord, what kind of medicine did you give to Judas? It has such a miraculous effect!" Gong.

Chapter 699 The Mountain of Bones! Nine-headed monster!

Gabriel took a deep breath: "A mid-grade god-level elixir!"

Wu Lie was surprised: "It's such a precious medicine pill! It's really... Hey! Sir, can that medicine pill be effective for me?"

Gabriel shook his head slightly: "It has no effect on the main **** realm, it is only useful for the true **** realm, and there are some side effects. After the effect of the medicine, it will be weak for seven days!"

Wu Lie sighed: "Even so! This medicinal pill is still extremely precious. The cost of the adult this time is not small!"

Gabriel smiled bitterly, and there was a touch of pain in his eyes.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

But then, he smiled and said, "A mere mid-grade god-level elixir, compared with the chance at the second level of the Holy Land, it is a drop in the bucket, and it is not worth mentioning!"

"That's true!"

Uriel nodded slightly in approval.

The value of the chance in the Holy Land cannot be compared even with a hundred mid-grade divine pills.

"Wait! I hope Judas waits to complete the teleportation charge sooner!"

After saying this, Gabriel looked expectantly at the Azure Dragon Star Region...

At the same time, inside the Temple of Creation.

Qin Feng is still in retreat.

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, nine minutes passed, and there was only one last minute left before the second challenge.

In the zero-degree space, great changes have also taken place.

At this moment, in the secret room, Qin Feng sat cross-legged, his whole body lit up with a faint white light.

He is refining the supreme relic bone with all his strength!

In addition, there is a fission body that is comprehending the book of this world.

Twelve fission variants are refining Daogu Dan and Shenmai Dan.

As for the source of the divine power of the six regiments, he has already refined it.

This allowed his basic combat power to reach 284 million stars in one fell swoop.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the twelve fission bodies lit up with aura.

Six fission variants, with white light all over their bodies!

The other six statues were all covered with red light!

At the same moment, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge, a reminder of the Tao of Heaven sounded...

[Your fission body refining 'Dao Gu Dan' successfully! Your whole body bones have been greatly strengthened, combat power +30,000 stars]

...

[Your fission body refining 'Shenmai Dan' succeeded! Your whole body muscles have been greatly strengthened, combat power +30,000 stars]

...

After a while, the twelve fission variants all opened their eyes and showed joy on their faces.

All the twelve divine pills were refined!

Qin Feng's basic combat power has skyrocketed to 320 million stars in one fell swoop, which is extremely terrifying.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's body suddenly heard a crisp sound, and the whole person's height was slowly rising...

Immediately afterwards, his momentum began to skyrocket wildly all the way!

At the same time, Tiandao also sent a reminder...

[Successful refining of the supreme relic bone (the peak of the high-grade god-level), you have obtained a 1-star combat power back-feeding]

[Successful refining of the supreme relic bone (the peak of the high-grade gods), you have obtained 10 times the luck value]

[Successful refining of the supreme relic bone (the peak of the high-grade **** rank), you have obtained the ability to refine the 'angel blood']

After a while, all the visions disappeared!

Qin Fengcai slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Supreme Relic Bone!

He finally finished refining!

So far, his basic combat power has reached 330 million stars, and his luck value has reached 104 times!

Even better, he also gained the ability to refine the 'angel blood'.

Angel blood and beast blood are still somewhat different.

Qin Feng can refine the blood of all kinds of divine beasts, which is the opportunity brought by the 'Beast God's Order'.

But the 'Beast God Order' has no effect on the angel blood, so he can't refine the angel blood.

It's different now. After refining the 'Supreme Relic Bone', he also has the ability to refine the blood of angels, and the scope of refining is wider.

This will be of great help to his future breakthrough in bloodline talent.

At the same time, this also proves that the supreme relic bone came from a fallen angel in the realm of gods.

Whoo~!

Finally finished!

At this moment, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and stood up contentedly.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Congratulations on breaking through 300 million stars! Completed a **** condition for activating the 'Master of the Universe' quest]

【Congratulations on your luck in breaking 1 times! Completed a **** condition for activating the 'Master of the Universe' quest]

[Reminder: You still have two **** conditions to complete]

Qin Feng couldn't help but smile.

With only two conditions left, he can activate the mission of the Lord of the Universe.

The two conditions are to awaken the SSS talent - the law of creation.

And the promotion of 'zero-dimensional space' to the top-grade **** rank.

Now, he has the 'Creation Talent Fusion Card' in his hand.

As long as he comprehends the S-level Promise Law, there is a way to obtain the Law of Creation.

In short, he is not far from completing this condition.

As for the promotion of 'zero-dimensional space' to the high-grade god-level space, he still lacks the source crystal of wind and the source crystal of soil, it seems that it is not far away.

With such a calculation, he has taken another big step forward in the task of awakening the master of the universe!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was in a good mood.

But at this moment, Tiandao once again sent a reminder...

[It is detected that your basic combat power has exceeded 300 million stars, reaching the promotion standard of the 'Supreme Dao Protector'...]

[Your title is starting to be promoted...]

[Congratulations on your new title - Supreme Dao Protector! 】

[Title promotion is successful! You have been blessed with 20,000-star combat power, and the basic combat power has increased to 350 million stars]

[Title promotion is successful! You have been rewarded with 20 times the luck value, and your luck value has reached 124 times the value]

[Title promotion is successful! Your Dao Protector Heaven Chance Order will be automatically promoted to the Supreme Road Protector Chance Order]

[Supreme Dao Protector Opportunity Order: Only when the realm reaches the False God realm can it be activated! The chance can be obtained in the second floor of the Holy Land]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was pleasantly surprised!

He got a new title again!

This made his basic combat power soar to 350 million stars in one fell swoop, which was on par with the Angel God King.

Of course, this is just the basic combat power.

If coupled with the power of his path and the power of equipment feedback, his comprehensive combat power will be close to 400 million stars, which has surpassed the King of Angels.

It seems that his next challenge will become easier!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the next challenge...

He didn't expect that his strength would increase so quickly.

Not only did he not expect it, but the four Gabriel who were far away in the White Tiger Star Region were even more unexpected.

Nakaxiu will arrive at the Blue Star Realm in three hours.

But even if he arrived at the Blue Star Realm, there would be no way to take Longyuan City.

With Qin Feng's current strength, the strength of his clone has properly reached the initial stage of the main god.

At that time, Yueling's three clones will join forces, and Kaxiu will not even have a chance to escape.

What's more, after three hours, Qin Feng is very likely to break through to the demigod realm.

By then, Kaxiu will be even worse!

Of course, Qin Feng didn't know about the arrival of Gabriel and others.

Perhaps after Kaxiu appeared, the fierce collision between the two sides was the official opening!

Only then can Qin Feng perceive the existence of the other party.