Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Reminder: It is detected that you have obtained the title of "Supreme Guardian", and you have obtained a mission opportunity to activate a higher evaluation of Shenwu. 】

[Reminder: It is detected that your Shenwu points are less than 1 point, and the opportunity cannot be activated temporarily]

what!

Sure enough!

Before, when Tiandao issued the title task of "Supreme Guardian of the Way", he reminded that after obtaining the title, a higher evaluation task can be activated

Unexpectedly, the new evaluation task is coming so soon!

However, he has not yet met the activation requirements.

His current Shenwu points are 955 points, and he is still 45 points away to get 1 full point.

It seems that he has to quickly complete the second challenge to meet the activation requirements.

Knowing that there is a higher chance of evaluation, Qin Feng was immediately excited.

The higher the rating, the greater the benefit.

Qin Feng naturally hopes to get a higher evaluation!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[One minute later, the second challenge will start, players please be prepared]

what!

The second level is about to begin!

Qin Feng quickly waved his hand and took the twelve fission bodies into his body, leaving only the last fission body, and continued to comprehend the "Book of the Present World".

Because he sensed it, the fission body's comprehension of the "Book of the World" has reached more than 99%, and he will soon be able to fully comprehend it.

At this moment, it is not good for him to interrupt forcibly.

After taking back the fission body, he disappeared into the secret room out of thin air.

The next second, Qin Feng returned to the assessment hall.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just an instant, Qin Feng finished wearing all kinds of artifacts and released the power of the way.

His comprehensive combat power has reached 358 million stars in one fell swoop.

Afterwards, a white light flashed in Qin Feng's hand, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword appeared out of thin air, and the 20,000-star combat power came back.

His comprehensive combat power has soared to 378 million stars!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!

This kind of combat power has greatly increased his confidence!

Soon, the one-minute countdown is over!

With a whirlwind, Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared into the hall...

In the next second, he appeared in a huge alien space!

It was a gloomy world, the sky and the earth were dark, and the air was filled with a thick stench of corpses.

Qin Feng looked up and looked forward, where there was a huge mountain of white bones, which looked like a human skull, with a gray body.

The breeze blew, and the stench of corpses drifted from the bone mountain, overwhelming and suffocating.

Qin Feng couldn't help holding his breath and peeped towards Nagushan 4.2...

[Sacred Bone Mountain: High-grade God Rank, transformed by the skull of the God King]

This mountain is really made of human skulls!

Qin Feng was slightly surprised.

Then, he continued to look towards a cave in Bone Mountain.

The huge cave is where the eye socket of the skull is, and there is a white lotus floating in it. The flower has nine petals, white as jade, and it emits an incomparably holy white light!

[Sacred Lotus of Mind: High-grade god-level, unowned thing]

[Origin: After the fall of the King of God, what was left over cannot be refined]

[Reminder: This object can be swallowed by other mind lotus]

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

He has the consciousness of Saint Lotus!

That is to say, he can devour this 'Sacred Lotus of Consciousness', thereby allowing his own 'Sacred Lotus of Consciousness' to evolve.

This is a great opportunity!

Looking at it this way, there are two huge treasures in this space.

One is the Bone Mountain of the high-grade god-level, and the other is the 'Sacred Lotus of Consciousness' of the high-grade god-level.

However, Qin Feng did not rush to the cave immediately, but turned to look at another cave.

Inside that cave is a huge bird's nest.

Inside the nest, a nine-headed monster bird with a body length of 10,000 feet, black feathers all over, and red gold claws was looking at him coldly.

The momentum exuding from his body suddenly reached 450 million stars! .

Chapter 700: The Coffin of Suppressing Corpse! The world overlaps!

The nine heads of that strange bird are all shaped like vultures, their heads are hairless, their pupils are like gold, their expressions are ferocious, their eyes are contemptuous, and they despise everything!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and spy on the strange bird

[Evil Object]: Ghost Car

[Boundary]: The middle stage of the main god

[Combat Strength]: 450 million stars

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Features]: Jedi guard.

[Reminder: This is the guarding demon **** who passed the thirteenth level of the test]

The guardian demon **** who passed the thirteenth level of the test!

That is the last stage of the Demon God in the examination!

Sure enough!

This is the second level of challenge, and the most powerful demon has emerged!

What will the third level be?

Qin Feng is quite curious!

Having said that, the combat power of this ghost car has reached 450 million stars. It is suddenly the middle stage of the main god, and it is extremely powerful!

However, such combat power is also within Qin Feng's prediction range.

He is not afraid!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked away and looked at the bottom of the bone mountain, where there was a larger cave, which was formed by the mouth of the skull.

This bone mountain has three caves!

One contains the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'.

One has a bird's nest, and a ghost car is stationed in it.

These two caves are formed by the eye sockets of the skull.

The third cave is the largest, formed by the mouth of the skull.

From a distance, the cave is gloomy and dark.

A strange oil lamp, suspended in a hole, with a bean-sized lamp burning on the wick, exudes a pale green and dim light, which looks extremely gloomy.

Qin Feng was surprised!

Before, he didn't look carefully, and almost didn't realize that there was a mystery hidden in this cave.

Immediately, he peeped out to the oil lamp

[Soul Soul Lamp: High-Grade Divine Rank]

[It can suppress the soul of all things in the world, and can contain fragments of the soul body]

what!

It was actually a high-grade god-level treasure!

Qin Feng was surprised!

Then, his eyes fell on the back of the soul-suppressing lamp again.

There was also a coffin lying there, 10,000 zhang long, completely black as ink, hidden in a dark cave and hard to see with the naked eye.

[Suppressing Corpse Coffin: High-Grade God Rank]

[It can suppress the corpses of all things in the world, so that the corpses will never rot]

Another high-grade god-level treasure!

Although there are two high-grade god-level treasures in the cave, Qin Feng always feels that the cave is eerie and strange, giving him an inexplicable feeling of discomfort!

It seems that there is something terrifying hidden inside!

Thinking of this, he couldn't help but take a deep breath and raised his vigilance.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of heaven came from the sky.

[Welcome players to enter the corpse demon world (challenge the second level)]

[Challenge Rules: Players need to kill the target within 30 minutes to be considered clear]

[Those who fail to kill in the timeout period will fail the challenge! 70 Shenwu points will be deducted as punishment! 】

[Kill the target within 20 to 30 minutes, you can get 70 Shenwu points, and additional rewards for breaking through the level]

[Kill the target within 10 to 20 minutes, you can get 120 Shenwu points, and double the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 3 to 10 minutes, you can get 2 points of Shenwu, and three times the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 1 to 3 minutes, you can get 3 Shenwu points, and four times the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 10 seconds to 1 minute, you can get 4 points of Shenwu, and five times the reward for breaking through the level]

[Kill the target in 10 seconds, you can get 5 points of Shenwu, and six times the reward for passing the level]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing surprise!

This time, if you kill the target within 10 seconds, you will get 5 Shenwu points.

The highest-rated points reward for this level is actually 2 points more than the previous level!

However, the Demon and Ghost Car was the mid-term existence of the Lord God, with a combat power of 450 million stars.

He wants to kill the target within 10 seconds, which is definitely not easy!

The most troublesome thing is that he still doesn't know the abilities and cards of the ghost car.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the ghost car!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The ghost car was also looking at him coldly!

In the eighteen strange pupils, all showed contempt.

Ha ha!

A human being in the realm of heaven!

It didn't pay attention at all!