Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At this moment, Qin Feng knew the sea, and the reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded again.

[Reminder: Your fission body has fully understood the "Book of the Present World", congratulations you have completely mastered the skills of "Book of the Present World"]

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

Sounds from within!

In the next second, a large amount of information poured into Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness.

He closed his eyes involuntarily, digesting the information.

After a while, he opened his eyes with surprise in them.

It turns out that the Book of the Present World can be used like that!

At the same time, it can also absorb the 'Number of Destiny' and upgrade itself.

This is a surprising discovery!

However, now is not the time for him to think about it.

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and a white light flashed beside him, and a fission body appeared out of thin air, and he still held the "Appearance Book" in his hand.

The next second, the fission body stepped out and merged into Qin Feng's body.

Since then, Qin Feng has become a complete state.

Only when he is in a complete state can he cast 'Fa Xiang Tian Di'.

This also made him secretly relieved!

Because the war is about to start, he naturally hopes that he can use the 'Fa Xiangtiandi' earlier.

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, the "Book of the Present World" turned into a white light and merged into Qin Feng's body.

Human-machine in one!

Done in an instant!

Qin Feng's combat power has also quietly increased to 383 million stars, and his luck has also increased by 20 times!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Challenge Tip: Please prepare for both sides of the battle! The countdown is over and the battle is on! 】

【Countdown: 10…9…8…】

The battle is about to begin!

Qin Feng quickly held his breath and looked at the ghost car with all his attention!

Seeing this scene, the ghost car is even more disdainful!

A little heaven-level human is really not worth mentioning!

Having said that, since the creation of the Temple of Creation, it has been at the last level!

But I don't know how many millions of years have passed, and it has never seen a player!

But no matter whether it is a pass test or a challenge test, no one can break through it!

The human in front of him is the first player it has ever seen.

However, this human being can break through this level, and it can be regarded as the strongest player in history!

pity!

This human being is the realm of heaven after all!

A heaven-level realm, no matter how strong it is, it is still limited!

"Human! You finally appeared! The deity has been waiting for countless years!"

It was at this moment that the head in the center of the ghost car slowly spoke, and the tone was a little excited.

Qin Feng was surprised: "Are you waiting for me?"

A playful smile appeared in the ghost car's eyes: "Forget it! According to the instructions of Heaven, as long as the deity kills a player, it will fulfill one of my wishes!"

Having said that, it lowered its head slightly and looked in the direction of the coffin intentionally or unintentionally.

It seems that its wish is related to the coffin in the cave.

Then, it raised its head slightly again: "What a pity! For so many years, no player has been able to break into the deity! The deity has no chance to complete the task."

"It's good now, finally a player has appeared! That's you! This deity will try to kill you within ten seconds!"

Speaking of which, the ghost car's eyes were full of killing intent.

According to Tiandao's hint, if it kills the player within 10 seconds, the benefit will be greater.

"Kill me in 10 seconds?!"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I'm afraid you will be disappointed!"

The ghost car sneered: "Maybe it doesn't take ten seconds! One second is enough!"

There was disdain in its tone!

At this moment, Ghost Car felt a little funny in his heart!

It can see the confidence in Qin Feng's eyes.

It's just that it can't figure it out. Where does the confidence in a small celestial realm come from?

Is this a common problem with super geniuses? !

Just because I have some talent, I dare to be arrogant!

Really do not know the heights of heaven and earth!

Today, it will tear this genius to shreds and completely shatter his self-confidence!

Thinking of this, the ghost car's eyes flashed with excitement.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

For suppressing genius, it thinks it is a very cool and interesting thing!

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent a reminder!

【Prepare countdown is over! Challenge timer starts:]

To the end of time!

Boom~!

As soon as the countdown ended, the ghost car suddenly spread its wings, rushed out of the cave, and rushed towards Qin Feng!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as it rushed out, its wings spread out, reaching tens of thousands of feet.

It rushed out, like a giant car in the sky, stirring the whole world, shaking violently.

In the blink of an eye, it was nearby, only a few dozen feet away from Qin Feng!

If it wants to kill Qin Feng within ten seconds, it will naturally use extremely fast means!

At this same moment, behind Qin Feng's head, a huge projection of an ancient book appeared, it was the "Book of the Present World"!

Om~!

In the next second, the divine book was projected and the golden light was released, covering the entire world!

Immediately afterwards, a looming fantasy world that was exactly the same as the corpse demon world emerged, overlapping with the entire corpse demon world.

The "Book of the Present World" controls the Tao of Heaven, the Tao of Earth, and the Tao of Humanity.

The way of heaven is related to time, and the way of earth is related to space.

The combination of the two can create an illusion of heaven and earth.

Om~!

In the blink of an eye, the fantasy world and the real world completely overlapped.

In just an instant, the laws of time and space in the entire world have quietly changed.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's heart moved, and he quietly displayed the time force field, covering the whole world.

It was at this moment that the ghost car had already been killed!

Before Qin Feng could move, a head in the center of the ghost car lit up with a strange silver light!

Om~!

Time stands still!

Skill activated!

In just an instant, an invisible force of time fell on Qin Feng, freezing him in place.

It turned out that this ghost car also mastered the ability of time!

Seeing Qin Feng's move, the ghost car was pleasantly surprised!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In the next breath, the nine sharp mouths of the ghost car pecked away at Qin Feng!

The attacking momentum of each sharp mouth has reached 450 million stars.

Nine mouths strike! The momentum is devastating!

Its power is comparable to the full blow of 600 million stars!

With such terrifying power, Qin Feng also changed slightly, thinking that he couldn't resist it.

huh~!

But in the next second, he disappeared out of thin air!

The ghost car is instantly stunned!

Its time skill expired?

It naturally does not know that the laws of time and space in this world have been completely controlled by Qin Feng.

That's the magic of "Book of the Present World"!

The time skill of the ghost car will naturally fail

PS: It's the beginning of the month, I beg the big guys to reward the monthly tickets, and the little author is thankful! .

Chapter 701 The Corpse of the Ancient God! Kill the ghost car!

huh~!

In the next breath, a white light flashed behind the ghost's body, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air!

It's teleportation!

The ghost car was terrified, and it was about to turn around and fight back.

But at this moment, Qin Feng started a seal, and the skill was activated!

Time stands still!

Om~!

In just an instant, the ghost car was frozen in place, unable to move.

Ghost car is terrifying!

It never expected that this human being has mastered both time and space capabilities.

It is even more puzzled. Before this human being clearly caught its time still, why is there nothing at all?

It seems that its time ability has suddenly failed.