Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

But before he could think about it, Qin Feng's aura suddenly exploded.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a split second, Qin Feng turned into a giant of a thousand feet!

His combat power has soared to about 460 million stars in an instant, which is even higher than the ghost car!

how can that be? !

The ghost car screamed inwardly!

Its eighteen golden pupils all showed horror!

It never expected that Qin Feng's comprehensive combat power was even stronger than his own!

Is this human being really in the realm of heaven?

But without waiting for it to think about it, Qin Feng slashed down with a sword and slashed directly at its back!

Swah~!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky, smashing the sky and cutting the ground!

"Damn!"L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The ghost car is furious!

At this moment, it wanted to split the sword, but was horrified to find that it was frozen in place, unable to move!

It turned out that the time period of standing still has not ended!

This makes it urgent!

In the blink of an eye, that sword is approaching!

The ghost car was ruthless, and the whole body lit up with a faint red light!

It is the body of a Demon God, and its physical defense is extremely powerful!

Especially the black feathers covering the whole body, like a layer of divine armor, extremely hard.

It firmly believes that even if Qin Feng's combat power is stronger than his own, it cannot break its defense!

When it survives the time limit, it will fight back!

Thinking of this, the ghost car's whole body vibrated with blood, and the red light became even more dazzling!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

Qin Feng thought about it, and the law of chaos was activated instantly!

Om~!

In just an instant, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword lit up with a dazzling golden light!

The power of that sword suddenly soared a lot!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, he poured the power of luck into that sword!

The light of the Divine Sword became more and more dazzling, illuminating the whole world!

The power of that sword has skyrocketed again!

Stronger luck!

The greater the increase in attack power!

Today, Qin Feng's luck has reached 124 times the value, plus 20 times the blessing of "Book of the World", that is 144 times the value.

Under the blessing of this 144 times the value of luck, the power of that sword has been enhanced to the extreme!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the sword edge passed, the void shattered inch by inch!

not good!

The ghost car is frightened, and it feels bad!

Swish~!

But without waiting for it to think about it, that sword has already fallen!

Ka~cha~!

A crisp sound!

Feather flying!

Blood splashes!

With just one sword, Qin Feng split the ghost car in half!

Terrible cry!

Echoing in the void!

At this moment, the time limit for standing still has passed, and the changes in the field are imminent!

Bang~! Bang~!

Just hear two pops!

The ghost car that was split in half burst into two blood mists, and actively merged together!

Then, the blood mist rolled violently!

The ghost car is ready to be resurrected!

Qin Feng snorted coldly, about to bombard the blood fog and completely kill the ghost car!

But at this moment, in the blood fog, the anxious roar of the ghost car came out!

"Master! Save me.~!"

Owner? !

Does this ghost car have an owner? !

Qin Feng was taken aback.

Before he could think about it, the field suddenly changed!

Om~!

I saw not far away, on the God Bone Mountain, in the largest cave, the soul-suppressing lamp suddenly lit up with a miserable green light!

huh~!

In the next breath, a green light flew out of it and poured into the corpse coffin.

Om~!

Suddenly, the corpse coffin was activated and lit up with a dazzling green light!

Swish~!

I saw a flash of white light, and the huge coffin that was ten thousand feet long disappeared out of thin air!

In the next moment, it appeared out of thin air in front of Qin Feng, and it was teleported!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the giant coffin appeared, it carried a monstrous momentum and slammed into Qin Feng directly!

The momentum was earth-shattering and terrifying!

Qin Feng was shocked, and the hidden feeling was not good!

He didn't dare to neglect, he quickly raised his sword and slashed towards the giant coffin!

Om~!

Suddenly, the divine sword roared, and the golden light was shining!

With the blessing of the law of chaos and the power of luck, that sword suddenly reached a full-strength strike of 500 million stars!

In the blink of an eye, the long sword collided with the giant coffin!

Bang~!

Kacha~!

A loud bang!

The black giant coffin burst into pieces and turned into countless pieces of wood, revealing a headless giant corpse with a length of ten thousand feet.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also groaned and vomited blood and flew out!

The power of the giant coffin's collision suddenly reached 700 million stars, which is the limit of combat power in the middle stage of a demigod!

Qin Feng couldn't bear the impact, and was hit so hard that he vomited blood and flew upside down, so he was traumatized!

After rolling and flying tens of thousands of feet, Qin Feng stabilized his body.

As soon as he thought about it, a blue light flashed on his body, and all the injuries recovered instantly, and the whole person recovered to the peak again.

Then, he looked at the headless giant corpse...

I saw the giant corpse, wearing a black armor, without a head, exuding this monstrous corpse aura.

However, the skin exposed on the outside of the battle armor was as fresh as usual, not like a mummified corpse.

Qin Feng thought about it, and quickly peeped...

【Corpse Puppet】: Corpse of the Ancient God

[realm]: the peak of the main god

【Combat Strength】:? ? ?

【talent】:? ? ?

【Skill】:? ? ? ?

[Feature]: Waiting for resurrection.

【Origin】: During his lifetime, he was an ancient **** (God King Realm) and the owner of a ghost car.

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

It turned out that the ghost car was actually the pet of this ancient corpse!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the mutation regenerates!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Not far away, the 10,000-foot-high God Bone Mountain rose slowly from the ground, making the world roar and the earth trembled!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In just a moment, the God Bone Mountain was disconnected from the ground and floated into the air!

huh~!

Then, it retracted into a white skull and fell directly on the neck of the headless giant corpse.

Click~!

A crisp sound!

Combine the two!

The giant corpse and the skeleton head were successfully combined, turning into a corpse puppet with a skeleton, exuding a gloomy and monstrous aura.

Its momentum has soared wildly, and it has reached 1 billion stars in a blink of an eye!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's face changed greatly!

With his current strength, he can deal with a target of 500 million stars at most, and he can deal with a corpse puppet with a combat power of 1 billion stars.

At this moment, the blood mist behind the corpse has gathered into the general shape of a strange bird.

The ghost car is coming back to life!

Qin Feng is in a hurry!