Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

If the ghost car is resurrected, all his previous efforts will be in vain!

correct!

When he thought about it, he hurriedly moved a seal!

Skill activated!

Back in time!

Om~!

In just an instant, the invisible power of the law of time fell on the corpse.

Turn back time now!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

The head and body of the corpse will automatically separate, making a 'kaka' sound, and its momentum is also plummeting all the way!

roar~!

But at this moment, the corpse puppet roared, and the whole body lit up with a dazzling red light!

Immediately, it was surrounded by thousands of feet, and the time and space began to twist strangely!

The speed of rewinding time suddenly slowed down, and then slowly stopped.

This corpse puppet can forcibly distort time and space, negating the effect of time skills.

Qin Feng was a little dumbfounded!

It was at this moment that the blood mist formed by the ghost car had aggregated into the shape of a complete nine-headed monster.

It's about to come back to life!

Qin Feng knows that he can't delay any longer!

But there is a corpse next to the blood mist, and he has no way to make a move!

Boom~!

At this moment, the corpse puppet suddenly slaughtered over, carrying the trend of destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

Its monstrous magic power, covering the sky and covering the ground, locked Qin Feng firmly!

At the same time, Qin Feng was horrified to discover that the corpse puppet had imprisoned the space, making him unable to teleport.

You know, he used the Book of the World to control the laws of time and space in this world.

How could this corpse puppet break through his control?

Obviously, this corpse puppet controls the SS-level space-time law, in order to break through the shackles of the S-level time law and the S-level space law, but can imprison one side of the world.

This guy deserves to be the owner of the ghost car!

The real God King Realm powerhouse is indeed incomparably powerful!

Even if it turns into a corpse after its death, it is not comparable to an ordinary Lord God.

In the blink of an eye, the corpse puppet was slaughtered to the front, and the sky-reaching giant palm shot wildly!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the palm wind passed, the heavens and the earth shattered!

At this time, in the blood fog, the ghost car is being resurrected.

It also saw the scene ahead, and it showed ecstasy in its heart.

It knows that the master has imprisoned the space, and Qin Feng can no longer use teleportation, so it cannot avoid the master's palm.

In this way, this little thief is dead!

And it can also be completely resurrected at this moment!

But the idea of ​​the ghost car only came up, and Qin Feng turned into white light and disappeared instantly.

Kacha~!

The palm of the corpse puppet was shot in the air, and the sky was cracked!

At this moment, white light flashed next to the ghost body, and Qin Feng appeared out of thin air.

Ghost car is terrifying!

It can't understand, the master has imprisoned the space, why did this human teleport over again?

The ghost car didn't know that Qin Feng was not using teleportation.

But the SS-level time and space skills - time and space shuttle!

Qin Feng shuttled back to 2 seconds ago.

Before that 2 seconds, he was beside the blood mist formed by the ghost car.

The space confinement of the corpse can block space teleportation, but it cannot block time and space shuttle!

Swish~!

At this time, before the ghost car could react, Qin Feng raised his hand and slashed towards the blood mist beast shape it condensed!

Poof~!

A soft sound!

Qin Feng smashed its animal shape with one sword and turned it into a blood mist again!

roar~!

Not far away, the corpse puppet reacted, turned around quickly, and killed Qin Feng again!

In the blood fog, the anxious cry of the ghost car was heard again!

"."Master! Save me!"

In the blink of an eye, the corpse puppet was killed, and the palm of the sky slammed directly on Qin Feng's back!

And at this moment, Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened, and the **** of punishment appeared!

huh~!

A red-golden light of divine punishment shot out, instantly penetrating the blood mist!

puff~!

A soft sound!

Soul body shattered!

A shrill roar came from the blood fog!

Under that blow, the ghost car's soul body was wiped out.

As soon as the ghost car died, the corpse puppet suddenly froze in place, as if it had lost control.

In the next second, a green light flew out of its body and flew towards the soul-suppressing lamp again.

Chapter 702 Super evaluation! The value of destiny!

At the same moment, the soul-suppressing lamp also took the initiative to fly!

huh~!

In the blink of an eye, the green light flew back into the soul-suppressing lamp.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, there was a strange sound like bone pulling from the neck of the corpse!

The next second, the white skull head separated from the corpse and slowly floated into the air.

The huge headless corpse slowly fell backwards!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

At this moment, the fragments of the giant coffin that were smashed by Qin Feng also flew over, and they were reconstituted into a complete giant coffin!

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

The headless giant corpse fell into the giant coffin!

Swish~! Bang~!

The coffin lid closes automatically!

At this moment, the soul-suppressing lamp also flew to the front, silently hovering over the giant coffin...

At the same moment, the huge skull also slowly fell to the ground, and automatically took root in the ground, turning into a huge bone mountain again.

At this point, all visions disappeared!

Whoo~!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

It turned out that this level only needs to kill the ghost car!

Without the ghost car, this corpse puppet's broken soul body would lose its target of attack.

Its broken soul body will automatically enter the soul-suppressing lamp and fall asleep.

After all, the soul body is broken, the intellect is incomplete, and only some instincts remain.

That green light was the broken soul body of the corpse puppet.

And the function of the soul-suppressing lamp is to store the fragments of the soul.

After thinking about this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

He passed the customs successfully!

If this level is aimed at killing corpse puppets, he is afraid that he will not be able to pass.

After all, the strength of the corpse puppet has reached the peak of the main god, surpassing the upper limit of the supreme-level assessment, and it is not something Qin Feng can deal with.

The main god's peak combat power range is 700 million to 1.2 billion stars.

The range of the main god's ultimate combat power is 1.2 billion to 2 billion stars.

Qin Feng didn't know that he had a potential strong enemy, that is, the existence of the limit of the main god.

That guy is Gabriel!

After 2080 days, Gabriel will rush to the Blue Star Realm to take his Book of the Present World and the Holy Land Pass.

huh~!

At this moment, a dazzling golden light flew out from the starlight of the ghost car, and poured into Qin Feng's body...

[You succeeded in killing the Demon and Ghost Car (mid-stage main god) and gained +300 million attributes]

[You successfully killed the Demon and Ghost Car (the initial stage of the Lord God) and obtained +2 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed the Demon and Ghost Car (the mid-term of the Lord God) and obtained +3 gold judgment value. 】

The harvest is finally here!

The next second, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light...

【Your level has been promoted to level 72! 】

【Your strength index increases by 2 points! 】

...

[Your vocation has been promoted to Level 57 Judgment Supreme (Elementary)! 】

【Your energy index increases by 2 points! 】

...

Level and vocation have been upgraded at the same time!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile!