Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Om~!

At this moment, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword trembled again, facing the place where the ghost car fell, swallowing wildly...

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed 70% of the ghost car's luck value! Congrats on getting 7x luck! 】

So far, Qin Feng's luck has reached 131 times the value, plus the blessing of the Book of the World, it is 151 times the value.

The improvement of air luck is the all-round improvement of combat power, soul power, blood energy, etc.

His overall strength has also improved a lot invisibly.

Qin Feng once again showed a satisfied smile.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, he successfully killed the devil and ghost car, it took less than 1 second]

What? !

Takes less than 1 second? !

Qin Feng was stunned!

He clearly spent about eight seconds, how could it be less than one second?

Is it...

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he thought of something, and there was surprise in his eyes.

It turned out that he used the "Book of the Present World" to create a fantasy world that overlapped with the real world.

He made the law of time in the fantasy world replace the law of time in the real world.

In this way, the "Book of the Present World" directly changed the flow of time in the entire world, 15 times.

But Tiandao's time calculation for the challenge is still calculated according to the time flow in the real world.

In this way, Qin Feng took 15 seconds, and Tiandao was calculated as 1 second.

Qin Feng also fully understands the "Book of the Present World", so that it can play such a magical effect.

In this way, it will be of great help to him in the next challenge!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders...

[It takes less than 1 second to detect the player, and his performance exceeds the highest level evaluation set in this level]

[Therefore, the challenge in this level is to give the player Qin Feng a unique super evaluation, and the reward will be improved]

【Super rewards are as follows】

[Reward player Qin Feng, Shenwu points 7 points! 】

[Reward player Qin Feng, eight times the reward for passing the level]

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and his eyes were ecstatic!

According to the original highest evaluation, the highest score for this level is 5 points, and six times the reward for clearing the level.

But he got 7 points in one fell swoop, and eight times the reward.

This is an absolute surprise!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the voice of Heavenly Dao sounded again...

【The rewards for this level are as follows】

[Reward players with 3 times the luck value! 】

[Reward the contestant with 2 Daogu Dan (middle grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 2 Shenmai Pills (middle-grade gods)]

[Reward player 1 group of the source of divine power (middle-level god-level peak)]

[Reward player 1 team source of soul power (middle-level god-level peak)]

The rewards of this level are indeed much richer than the previous level!

Then, the prompt sounded again...

[The player has obtained a super evaluation, and the reward for breaking through the level is eightfolded]

【The contents are changed as follows】

[Reward players with 24 times the luck value! 】

[Reward the contestant with 16 Daogu Dan (middle grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 16 Shenmai Pills (middle grade god-level)]

[Reward players for the source of divine power in 8 groups (the peak of the middle-level god-level)]

[Reward players for the source of soul power in 8 groups (the peak of the middle-level god-level)]

Qin Feng showed a pleasant smile.

This time, the reward is far more than the previous one, it is extremely rich!

His strength is about to skyrocket again!

At this moment, the sky oscillated, and a beam of qi luck descended, pouring directly into Qin Feng's body.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He closed his eyes and accepted it happily.

After a while, his luck skyrocketed to 155 times the value, and with the blessing of the Book of the World, it reached 175 times.

His overall strength has been improved invisibly!

Om~!

Another quake!

The second beam of light fell!

Sixteen Dao Bone Pills, sixteen Divine Vein Pills, the source of eight groups of divine power, and the source of eight groups of soul power slowly fell along the beam of light...

Qin Feng put it away with satisfaction.

Of course, his gains don't stop there.

Qin Feng raised his head slightly and looked at the God Bone Mountain beside him.

Then, he waved to him.

huh~!

A white, jade-like lotus flew out of the bone mountain and came to him in a blink of an eye.

It is the 'Sacred Lotus of Consciousness' of the high-grade god-level.

This thing is of great help to the evolution of his own 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put it away.

Then, he looked at the giant coffin on the side and took a deep breath.

This corpse coffin is also a high-grade god-level treasure. The headless ancient corpse hidden in it is also the corpse of a **** king, which always gives Qin Feng a very dangerous feeling.

Having said that, if he can control the broken soul body of this ancient corpse, then there is a way to refine it into a completed corpse puppet and obey his own orders.

This is equivalent to saying that he has one more subordinate of the peak level of the main god!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

Afterwards, he looked at the soul-suppressing lamp beside him!

The broken soul body of the ancient corpse was hidden in the soul-suppressing lamp.

How can he control his broken soul?

correct!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

In the next second, he made a random move, and in his hand there was a quaint divine book, the Book of the Present World.

When Qin Feng thought about it, "Book of the World" slowly floated into the air.

Afterwards, he pinched the seals with both hands and manipulated the Book of the World.

In the next second, the spiritual light of the book of the present world shines, and the pages of the book are slowly turned!

Om~!

As soon as the divine book was opened, the sky shook!

Immediately afterwards, from the opened page, a golden light burst out from the sky, and it produced an endless power of swallowing against the soul-suppressing lamp.

huh~!

In the next second, a green light was sucked out of the soul-suppressing lamp, directly into the book of the world, and disappeared.

Om~!

The "Book of the Present World" shook and closed slowly, and in a blink of an eye it changed back to its original appearance.

At this moment, in Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness, a reminder of Heavenly Dao sounded.

[Reminder: Your present book has absorbed a **** king soul body (broken), increasing +1 point of destiny]

[Evolution progress of "Book of the Present World: 1/1]

[Reminder: When the Destiny value obtained by the book of the present world reaches 1 point, you can automatically advance to the top-grade peak level]

what! Sure enough!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was full of surprises!

Then, with a wave of his hand, he took back the book of the present world.

He has now figured it out. Collecting various soul fragments with the Book of the World can increase its destiny.

When the Destiny Value reaches a certain level, the Book of the World can be advanced.

Of course, the role of the book of the present world is not only to absorb the fragments of the soul.

It can also nurture soul fragments and even reshape the soul.

According to his current understanding, if he can get all of the Book of the Future, Book of the Present, and Book of the Past, he can master the fate of all beings, and he can also resurrect all beings.

Even if the soul is broken, it can be easily resurrected.

Even as long as someone left a small imprint of their soul in his divine book, he could resurrect them based on that imprint.

Of course, that's all for later!

In short, this secular book has a very special ability in terms of humanity.

It can nurture all the residual bodies of the soul, and it can also educate the residual bodies of the soul, so that it can recognize Qin Feng as the master of creation, and only obey.

In other words, Qin Feng can cultivate the ancient corpse in front of him into a corpse puppet that obeys his orders with the help of the book of the present.

This corpse puppet has the worst strength, and can also reach the peak of the Lord God!

If he can repair its remnant soul, maybe he can restore the corpse to the realm of the king.

It turned out that the biggest gain in this level was the corpse of the ancient **** in front of him!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Then, he waved his hand and put the corpse coffin into the zero-dimensional space.

After doing this, he put the God Bone Mountain on the side into the zero-degree space.

It was the head of an ancient corpse!

Only the head and the corpse can be combined to form a complete corpse.

After collecting the God Bone Mountain, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and felt very comfortable.

This time, he got a lot of money