Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In this way, Qin Feng and the fission variants are closed again

At the same time, something was happening in the Blue Star Realm.

At this time, the Jewish people were in the forbidden area.

Judah looked at Judas in shock.

"Ancestor, what kind of medicine did your master give? It's incredible that your strength has been doubled!"

Judah was amazed.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

That Judas was charging the teleportation array with all his might.

Hearing this sigh, he smiled proudly: "My master is an existence at the extreme level of the Lord God, and he is a strong person in the limit of the Lord God. He is almost the same as the quasi-god king. As soon as he makes a move, he is naturally extraordinary!"

Yusele nodded again and again: "Yeah! With such a peerless power, it is no wonder that he can become the master of the ancestor."

He could hear that his ancestors highly respected and loyal to Gabriel.

"By the way, Old Ancestor. Your strength has skyrocketed now. Senior Kaxiu should be able to come over earlier, right?"

Judas smiled and said: "Of course! According to the master's estimate, after my strength has increased greatly, the charging speed will speed up, and Kaxiu should be able to arrive in three hours. But the actual situation is faster than he expected!"

Yusele's eyes lit up: "Ancestor, what can senior Kaxiu come here?"

Judas smiled slightly: "In another two hours, it will be almost there!"

Yusele was overjoyed: "That's great! As soon as Senior Kaxiu arrives, Qin Feng and Longyuancheng will be dead. At that time, the Holy Land Pass in Qin Feng's hands will also be ours."

Hearing this, Judas also smiled knowingly.

He is also very concerned about the chance of the second floor of the Holy Land.

And the Holy Land Pass in Qin Feng's hands has at least seven pieces.

Enough for their group to share, and even Jusher to get a piece.

With this thought, Judas's heart became hot, and he became more active in charging the teleportation array.

It's just that he doesn't know that Qin Feng's current basic combat power has reached 356 million stars.

As a result, the comprehensive combat power of Qin Feng's clone is close to 300 million stars.

What's more, Qin Feng's clones have mastered the law of chaos, and their combat power can crush opponents of the same combat power.

That Kaxiu's combat power has only broken 300 million stars!

The three clones joined forces, I am afraid that Kaxiu will not even know how he died.

What's more, Qin Feng is closing refining resources.

His strength will soon skyrocket again.

At that time, it will be easier to kill Kaxiu with the clone.

Chapter 704 Ten petals bloom! Lord of Destiny!

Just when Qin Feng was in retreat and Gabriel and others rushed to Blue Star, something was happening in another place.

At this time, in the depths of the universe, the headquarters of Fuzhu Star Region.

A group of people is rushing to the direction of the interstellar teleportation array.

The group of people were all blond and blue-eyed, dressed in white robes, and wore the badge of the Bright God Realm on their bodies.

The person at the head is Lucius, a quasi-god king.

Behind him, there are also five subordinates of the peak of the main god.

At this moment, they plan to go to the Azure Dragon Starfield through the Interstellar Teleportation Array.

"Rafa, has Gabriel got in touch yet?"

Lucifer asked as he was on his way.

"Sir, there is no contact!"

Behind Lucifer, a middle-aged man with a gloomy expression and a white face and beardless hurriedly stepped forward to report.

This man is Raphael.

He is the number one confidant of God Lucy, and the strongest among the top five subordinates of the main god.

After listening to Raphael's report, Lucius frowned.

He really didn't understand what Gabriel was doing, why he couldn't get in touch.

It was at this moment that Raphael approached and muttered in the ear of Lucifer.

"Lord Lucy, I have something to report to you!"

"What's the matter?"

"My lord, Gabriel has expressed in front of me more than once that he is very interested in the Book of the World. I'm afraid this time..."

Having said that, Rafa deliberately stopped talking.

Lucifer's expression changed slightly: "What do you mean, Gabriel may rush to the Blue Star Realm ahead of time. He wants to swallow the book of the present world for himself?"

"This... subordinates don't know!"

Raphael pretended to pause.

Lucifer frowned: "The Book of the Present World is something that Lord Yeshen likes. For this, he spent a lot of effort and got the first and second pages of the Book of the Future."

"Gabriel can't be more clear about this matter. If he wants to play the idea of ​​​​the world, it is a betrayal of Lord Ye Shen! It seems that the temptation of the eternal gate is too great, and even Gabriel is unreliable. Ah!"

Raphael whispered: "Sir, I have to guard against it!"

Lucius nodded slightly: "It seems that we have to use some special means to speed up and rush to the Blue Star Realm!"

Raphael agreed: "That's how it should be! Otherwise, let's break into the Dark Demon Realm. From the Dark Demon Realm, we can reach the Blue Star Realm within seven days. If we take a detour, it will take about fifteen days."

"Breaking into the Dark Demon Realm?" Lucius hesitated.

The Dark Demon Realm and the Light God Realm are hostile. If they are discovered in the Dark Demon Realm, the situation will be bad.

Raphael said again: "My lord, my subordinates are also worried. Gabriel has a different heart and swallowed the "Book of the World" alone, which is not good!"

"This..." Lucius groaned.

Afterwards, he sighed: "That's it! Then try it out!"

The "Book of the Present World" was too important, and he didn't dare to lose it.

Seeing Lucifer's agreement, Raphael's eyes flashed with joy.

"Come on! We have to hurry!"

Leaving this sentence behind, Lucius accelerated and rushed forward.

The subordinates quickly followed.

Raphael looked at Lucifer's anxious back and revealed a secret smile.

Then, he turned his head to look in the direction of the Blue Star Realm.

He seemed to have long known the location of the Blue Star Realm.

And Lucius had to arrive at the Azure Dragon Starfield, and then he could find the direction of the Blue Star Realm based on the information provided by Yeshen.

For this, Lucifer and others did not notice.

Afterwards, Rafa also quickened his pace and followed closely...

At the same time, inside the Temple of Creation.

Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, Qingchengzi and others' progress in the demigod assessment was very smooth, and the results were also very satisfactory.

Among them, Di Jiang and Jumang have exceeded 150 points, and it is inevitable that they will receive a god-level evaluation.

Even Xiao Luan'er got 117 points, and the possibility of getting a god-level evaluation is also very high.

At this moment, the three little guys, Xiao Luan'er, Di Jiang, and Jumang, have already completed the first few tests, and they are just short of the last mixed martial arts test.

However, they have to wait for Qin Feng to be promoted to the demigod realm before taking the final test.

As long as Qin Feng is promoted to the demigod realm, Longyuan City can be upgraded, and the three of them will also greatly increase their strength.

That was a great advantage for them to participate in the final assessment.

This is what Dad ordered, and the three little guys are very obedient.

Just like that, the three little guys were waiting anxiously at the last assessment...

Time flies!

In a blink of an eye, eight minutes passed.

Eight minutes have passed in the outside world, and four hours have passed in the zero-degree space.

In the past four hours, Qin Feng has gained a lot!

The sixteen Dao Bone Pills, the sixteen Divine Vein Pills, the source of the eight groups of divine power, and the source of the eight groups of soul power were all refined by him.

His basic combat power soared to 497 million stars in one fell swoop.

Such a crazy improvement far exceeded Qin Feng's expectations and made him very satisfied.

In other words, the super-evaluation's breakthrough income is too rich!

In addition, his fission body also refined the 'Thief God Armor'.

And Qin Feng's research on refining corpse puppets is also coming to an end.

Now, he has set up an altar in the secret room.

The corpse coffin was placed in the center of the altar.

"The soul body of this ancient corpse is too broken! If you want to refine the ancient corpse into a corpse puppet that can obey orders, you have to repair its soul body!"

Qin Feng looked at the corpse coffin and muttered in his heart.

The ancient god's soul body is too broken and difficult to drive, which is his biggest problem at present.

By the way, I wonder if the bright holy water can repair the broken soul?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

huh~!

Then, with a flash of white light, he disappeared into the secret room out of thin air.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared outside the palace, that is, the space world of zero-degree space.

In the world, there are hundreds of flowers everywhere, spiritual trees towering to the sky, and the spiritual energy between heaven and earth is very strong.

Today's zero-degree space has been made more and more like a fairyland by Qin Feng.

In the center of the world, there is a huge bone mountain, which is the head of the ancient corpse.

Next to the bone mountain, there is a huge spiritual pool, which is filled with bright holy water.

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and went to the Lingchi, looking at the spiritual water in the pool...

I saw a pool full of spiritual water, emitting a holy white light.

[Bright Holy Water: Demigod Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

【It can heal all wounds and nourish all things】

According to this information, this spiritual water can heal all wounds.

That being the case, it is estimated that the broken soul can be repaired!

Qin Feng took a deep breath and summoned the "Book of the World".

Divine book now!

Bright light!

Qin Feng pinched the seal in his hand, and the Divine Book slowly opened the page and sucked wildly at the Lingchi...

Wow~la~la~!