Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the center of the altar, there is a cyan battle pet spirit egg.

Seeing the battle pet spirit egg, Qin Feng suddenly came to his senses.

As soon as he thought about it, the eye of the peeping path detected it from a distance.

[Tian Wu Ling Egg: The pinnacle of high-grade gods, wind attribute, unidentified master]

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, which can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and is loyal to the owner]

It was actually a pet spirit egg at the peak of the top-grade **** rank!

Among the treasures of the high-grade gods, the battle pet spirit eggs are the most precious.

Having said that, a high-grade god-rank spirit egg is worth as much as a treasure at the limit of high-grade god-rank.

A spirit egg at the peak of the high-grade god-rank is even more valuable.

Today, there are still four of the six messengers under Qin Feng's command.

However, he still has Houtu Spirit Eggs, Zhu Rong Spirit Eggs, and Gong Gong Spirit Eggs that are hatching.

Those three are all high-grade god-level spiritual eggs.

The spirit eggs of the high-grade gods, as long as they are hatched, are in the demigod realm, but their comprehensive strength is not only in the demigod realm.

Spirit eggs at the peak of the high-grade **** rank, as long as they are hatched, they will be in the virtual **** realm, and their comprehensive strength will naturally be stronger.

The Tianwu Spirit Egg in front of him is one level stronger than the three Spirit Eggs in his hand!

If he can get it, it will be four spiritual eggs, which can just make up for the lack of four messengers.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was instantly moved.

Having said that, he has to find a way to improve his bloodline level, so that the three spirit eggs of Houtu, Gonggong, and Zhurong can also be promoted to the peak level of high-grade gods.

Qin Feng thought so in his heart, and continued to spy on the altar carefully.

If he wants to obtain the Tianwu Spirit Egg, he must break through the protection of this altar.

"Hey! This is..."

Soon, Qin Feng's eyes fell on a blue spar in the center of the altar.

[Original Crystal of the Wind: Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Using this strange object can make the space possess the laws of all the attributes of wind]

what!

It was actually the Origin Crystal of the Wind!

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

If he wants to promote the zero-dimensional space to the high-grade **** rank, he needs to use the source crystal of fire, the source crystal of water, the source crystal of wind, and the source crystal of earth to fix the fire, water and wind.

He already had the Origin Crystal of Fire and the Origin Crystal of Water, so he lacked wind and soil.

Unexpectedly, he saw the source crystal of the wind here.

It's really hard to find a place to step through the iron shoes, and it takes no effort to get it!

Obviously, the altar used the source crystal of the wind to gather the wind power between heaven and earth, and use it to nurture the spirit eggs of Tianwu.

Qin Feng felt a little rude.

The source crystal of the wind is a rare item of heaven and earth, extremely rare, and its value is no less than that of a high-grade god-level treasure.

Allowing it to cultivate spiritual eggs is also somewhat depleting.

It seems that he has to get the source crystal of the wind earlier, and can't let it wear down any longer.

correct!

Why didn't he see the gatekeeper demon?

Qin Feng is feeling strange, there is a sudden change in the field!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

I saw a white light flashing in front of me.

Thirteen stalwart figures appeared out of thin air!

Two of them, he actually knew, were the ghost car and the angel **** king.

Behind them, there are eleven demon gods standing, all of them with extraordinary imposing manners.

When the ghost car and the angel **** king saw Qin Feng, they were furious and roared loudly.

"Little thief! Return my master's bones!"

"Human! Return the supreme relic bead bone soon!"Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The two great demon gods are extremely angry!

They can't wait to rush over immediately and shred Qin Feng alive.

pity! Heaven restricts them!

Because it's not yet time to start.

Qin Feng was a little stunned when he saw the ghost car and the angel king appear.

How did these two guys come to this world?

"Brother Ghost Car, the player who passed your level before is this young human?"

At this moment, behind the ghost's body, a monster with a body of 10,000 zhang long, with a human head and a snake body, feathered wings on its back, and a blue body, asked curiously.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Qin Feng couldn't help but spy on the devil.

[Evil Object]: Transforming Snake

[Reminder: This is the guarding demon **** who passed the eleventh level of the test]

Qin Feng suddenly realized that this is the devil guarding the eleventh level!

Afterwards, he peeped at another demon **** with a height of ten thousand feet and a sheep-headed body...

【Evil Object】: Grave Sheep

[Reminder: This is the guarding demon **** who passed the tenth level of the test]

It's another Demon God of Suppression!

He continues to snoop...

Ghost, Herring God, Qu Ru, Hatching Rhino…

These are all demon gods in the early days of the main god, with combat power ranging from 200 million to 300 million stars.

They are the check-in assessment, the guarding demon gods from the first to the thirteenth pass.

Unexpectedly, Tiandao will transfer all the guardian demon gods of the thirteen gates at once.

Could it be that at this level, Tiandao wants him to join forces to kill thirteen demon gods with the power of one person?

If so, this level is definitely not easy!

These thirteen demon gods joined forces, and their comprehensive strength should be close to the peak of the main god.

He wants to destroy these thirteen demon gods, but there is hope.

But to kill all of them within 15 seconds, it would be a bit difficult.

The goals are too scattered!

His two fists were no match for his four hands, and he was unable to wipe out the thirteen demon gods in one breath.

If the demon gods ran away when they saw that the situation was not right, it would be even more difficult to kill them.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng frowned, secretly thinking that this level is not easy to get a super evaluation!

It was at this moment that the ghost of the ninth level also asked curiously.

"Yeah! Brother Ghost Car, is this human being who passed the level through your hands?"

When the ghost asked, all the demon gods looked at the ghost car.

They are all curious!

From their point of view, Qin Feng is a genius, and he doesn't look strong. How could he pass the level guarded by ghost cars?

You know, ghost cars are the strongest among them!

"This... is the deity's previous carelessness!"

The ghost car said hesitantly.

Both the snake and the ghost have asked, but it is not easy not to answer.

It was so humiliating to be defeated by a human being of the genius level, and it didn't want to admit it.

In fact, it was very unconvinced that Qin Feng could kill himself, and always felt that Qin Feng was relying on luck.

After all, it has sensed Qin Feng's combat power, and it is less than 500 million stars, so it shouldn't be much stronger than it.

As soon as the ghost car's words fell, all the devil gods looked at each other.

Then, they looked at Qin Feng strangely.

Hua Snake sighed even more: "Hey! Brother Ghost Car, if I expected it to be good, you fought hard for nearly thirty minutes before you failed carelessly, right?"

"this"

The tone of the ghost car was a little dodgy.

It was embarrassed to say that it was destroyed by Qin Feng in less than ten seconds.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of heaven came from the sky...

[Welcome players to the endless sea (challenge the third level)]

[Challenge rules: Players need to kill the fourteen demon gods in front of them within 30 minutes to be considered clear. 】

The fourteen in front of you?

Qin Feng was stunned!

This is clearly only thirteen!

Where is the fourteenth? .

Chapter 706 Surprise! Reinvent the demons!

Qin Feng quickly looked around, trying to find the location of the fourteenth demon god.

The more unknown, the more terrifying!

He must find the fourteenth Demon God!

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again

【If you fail to kill within the time limit, the challenge of this level will fail! Deduct 1 Shenwu point! 】

[Kill all the targets within 20 to 30 minutes, you can get 1 point of Shenwu, and additional rewards for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 10 to 20 minutes, you can get 170 Shenwu points, and double the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 3 to 10 minutes, you can get 270 Shenwu points, and three times the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 1 to 3 minutes, you can get 4 points of Shenwu, and four times the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 10 seconds to 1 minute, you can get 570 Shenwu points, and five times the reward for breaking through the level]

[Kill the target within 10 seconds, you can get 8 points of Shenwu, and six times the reward for passing the level]

Kill within 10 seconds and get 8 points!

How many points can you get for a kill in 1 second?

Heavenly Dao did not prompt!

However, Qin Feng believes that if you kill all the targets within 1 second, you should be able to get a super rating and more points.