Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

His current points are 1655 points, and the standard of supreme evaluation is more than 5 points.

He is far from this goal!

Therefore, he must do his best in the next assessment to get as many points as possible.

Only in that way can he get the no-superior evaluation.

But he didn't even find the location of the fourteenth Demon God, so how would he kill him?

If you can't kill the fourteenth demon god, this test will fail.

At that time, not only will he not get points, but he will also be deducted 1 point!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was a little anxious.

He looked around carefully, but found the aura of the fourteenth demon god

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Challenge Tip: Please prepare for both sides of the battle! After the countdown is over, the battle can begin! 】

【Countdown: 10…9…】

It's time to start!

Qin Feng quickly held his breath and looked at the thirteen demon gods in front of him with all his attention!

Since the fourteenth demon **** cannot be found, then kill all the thirteen demon gods first, and then slowly find the last one!

At the same moment, the thirteen demon gods also heard the prompt.

They also all focused on alert and looked at Qin Feng!

The atmosphere in the field was instantly tense!

At this time, the grave sheep seemed to think of something, and couldn't help but look at the ghost car.

"Brother Ghost Car, what kind of combat power is this human?"

As soon as these words came out, all the demon gods perked up their ears.

The ghost car pondered: "It's only about 460 million stars, which is slightly stronger than the deity!"

As soon as these words fell, the demon gods breathed a sigh of relief.

460 million star combat power!

Really powerful!

pity!

There is only one human being!

With their thirteen demon gods joining forces, even a 700 million star powerhouse can still fight!

With a mere 460 million stars, how could it be their opponent!

What's more, they also have a super powerful reinforcement that has been secretly watching!

It seems that they have won this level!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At this thought, the grave sheep smiled and said: "It's only 460 million stars, it seems that we are going to win this level!"

The ghost car also took a deep breath.

It wants to say something that its master has also done.

But it's about his own face, and it really doesn't have the face to say it.

The more powerful a Demon God is like it, the more he pays attention to his face!

It can't be said that he was killed by Qin Feng within 10 seconds when his master helped him!

However, it has to be reminded.

Thinking of this, the ghost car whispered: "Everyone, I can't be careless! Although this human's combat power is not very exaggerated, he has mastered the laws of time and space, which is very annoying!"

As soon as they heard the time and space capabilities, the demon gods changed slightly, and looked at Qin Feng with even more fear.

Hua Snake said disdainfully: "Brother Ghost Car, don't worry! The laws of time and space are strong, but can these two abilities be stronger than the laws of time and space? Don't forget, which adult controls the laws of time and space!"

This reminder, the ghost car's eyes lit up, showing a touch of joy.

really!

That adult has mastered the laws of time and space!

With it watching, they win!

Thinking of this, the ghost car's confidence greatly increased.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly when he heard this.

grown ups?

These demon gods actually claimed that there was an adult watching by the side!

The one who can make all the demon gods call adults is the existence of the pinnacle of the main god.

What's even more terrifying is that that guy has mastered the laws of time and space!

That guy should be the fourteenth Demon God!

This thought, Qin Feng suddenly felt bad!

At this moment, the Angel God King also muttered.

"Lord Ghost Car, according to the rules, if we kill this human in this level, his storage ring will fall. My supreme bone and your master's corpse should be in this human's storage ring. ."

The ghost car was delighted: "Yeah! As long as you kill this kid, you can take back everything we lost!"

The King of Angels smiled: "Don't worry! This human being doesn't even have a 500 million star combat power. If you want me to see, this time we don't need that adult to take action, we can destroy him with thirteen!"

The ghost car smiled and said, "Of course!"

As soon as these words fell, both of them had confident smiles on their faces.

They far underestimated Qin Feng's progress.

They also thought that Qin Feng's strength had not improved, and it was still the strength of the previous level.

After all, the rest time is too short, only ten minutes.

They don't believe that Qin Feng can digest the rewards of Heaven's Dao within ten minutes.

After all, ten minutes is too short, even refining a Dao Bone Pill is not enough.

The ghost car and the angel king do not know that Qin Feng has infinite fission.

With the rewards given by Tiandao, he can separate many fission bodies, and at the same time refine various rewards, greatly improving efficiency.

At the same time, under the combined effect of the time force field and the Book of the Present World, he can convert 10 minutes of rest time into five hours of rest time, which is enough for him to digest all the rewards.

This makes Qin Feng stronger and stronger, far exceeding the estimates of these gods and demons!

When the two sides fight for a while, he will definitely shock the audience!

However, Qin Feng still looks solemn!

He is afraid of the unknown fourteenth demon god!

It was at this moment that Tiandao sent a reminder...

【Prepare countdown is over! Challenge timer starts: 0…]

Om~!

As soon as the timing started, the projection of "Book of the World" appeared behind Qin Feng's head!

Immediately afterwards, a phantom world that was looming, like the endless sea, appeared, overlapping with the entire real world.

At that moment, Qin Feng replaced the real time and space laws with the time and space laws of the phantom world.

The flow of time between heaven and earth has quietly changed!

"kill him!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

At the same time, the ghost car, the angel **** king, the snake, the grave sheep and other demon gods slaughtered Qin Feng together.

Immediately, the auras of the demon gods were all released, and they were all imposing.

The dozen or so pairs of demon eyes all showed bloodthirsty and excited colors.

From their point of view, with their joint efforts, they will be able to seriously injure the human beings in front of them, and even kill them in one fell swoop!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the thirteen demon gods were killed in front of them, all of them tens of meters in length, and their demon flames were soaring to the sky.

Thirteen magic powers are connected, and they are infinitely approaching the threshold of the peak of the main god, which is extremely terrifying!

"Little thief! Go to hell!"

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

In the next second, the thirteen demon gods attacked Qin Feng at the same time.

It was at this moment that a sudden change occurred in the field!

I saw a flash of white light on Qin Feng's body, and it was suddenly divided into two...

The body of the two instruments is displayed!

The extreme yang body and the extreme yin body appeared at the same time, and the combat power on their bodies did not weaken in the slightest, and they were still 550 million stars.

In the next breath, white light flashed on the two main bodies.

The polar body fissioned six times and turned into six polar yang fission variants, each with a combat power of 420 million stars.

The extreme yin body fissioned seven times and turned into seven extreme yin fission variants, each with a combat power of 400 million stars.

The more fission times, the lower the combat power of the fission body.

Of course, that's when the combat power is evenly distributed.

Qin Feng's move made all the demon gods stunned!

They didn't expect that Qin Feng suddenly became thirteen!

The original joint attack strategy was suddenly disrupted!

Damn it!

The demon gods cursed in their hearts, and they could only find a fission variant and destroy each one!

Obviously, the combined attack is beneficial to them!

Such a scattered attack loses the advantage of siege.

With just one move, Qin Feng took the initiative in the field!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, the ghost car first found a polar yang fission variant, with nine sharp mouths, and pecked it wildly!

It sensed that after Qin Feng cracked into thirteen statues, their momentum plummeted, which should be due to a major drop in strength.

This kid does not use the 'Heaven and Earth Dharma' to improve his combat power, but instead reduces his strength by fission, it is really stupid!

It clearly remembered that this kid had a combat power of around 380 million stars before he cast the Heaven and Earth Dharma, and only approached 460 million stars after he cast the Heaven and Earth Dharma.

Now it's better, he split himself into thirteen statues, I'm afraid that each one's combat power is less than 300 million stars. ,

With a single blow, he will definitely be able to inflict heavy damage!

Thinking of this, the ghost car's eyes showed excitement, and nine sharp mouths pecked at it!

Om~!

At the same time, the polar yang fission body also displayed the power of chaos and luck.

Under the blessing of these two external forces, his combat power skyrocketed and improved a lot.

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!