Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The ghost car snorted and was blasted away by a sword!

The fission variant stood there, motionless.

At the same time, the other twelve fission variants also fought against the twelve demon gods at the same time!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

A loud bang!

Blood light shot again and again!

Screaming one after another!

The twelve demon gods were all bombed on the spot and turned into twelve blood mists, even the angel **** king was no exception.

This sudden scene made the ghost car completely dumbfounded!

This... how is this possible? !

This kid is fissioned, how can the combat power reach more than 400 million stars!

It also thought that every fission of Qin Feng was less than 300 million stars.

It is precisely because of the carelessness of these demon gods that they were all hit, and they were bombarded with twelve statues at once.

roar~!

But before Qin Feng was happy, a shocking roar came from the depths of the island!

The whole giant island trembled!

The hidden demon **** finally couldn't hold back anymore! .

Chapter 707 Time and Space Showdown! Mysterious devil!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the giant island trembled, and the world shook!

Qin Feng was shocked!

At this moment, the blood mist transformed by the twelve demon gods all rolled violently!

The demon gods are about to be resurrected!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's twelve fission variants took action one after another.

I saw those fission bodies, each moving towards a cloud of blood mist, and grabbed away!

Suddenly, the world changes, the situation changes!

Heaven and Earth move!

Instant start!L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

huh~! huh~! huh~!

The twelve blood mists were all moved to the thirteenth fission body!

The blood mists are all overlapping together!

The movement of the universe is a space skill!

Qin Feng rarely uses it!

This time, he just used it.

But it was said that after those blood mists overlapped, the eyebrows of the thirteenth fission body suddenly split open, and the divine punishment pupils appeared.

It turned out that among the fission variants, only this one had the divine pupil of divine punishment.

huh~!

In the next second, a red-golden light of divine punishment shot out, directly penetrating the heavy blood mist.

Poof~! Poof~! Poof~!

A series of soft sounds!

It was like a row of candles that were blown out in turn by the gust of wind!

The churning of blood fog!

It all came to an abrupt end!

All kinds of shrill screams echoed in the blood mist!

The soul bodies of the twelve demon gods were bombarded with one blow!

The ghost car was dumbfounded, and was extremely frightened in my heart!

Immediately afterwards, all the blood mist turned into little stars and began to collapse!

roar~!

At this moment, under the bottom of the island, the roar became even more earth-shattering!

That mysterious demon **** was completely furious!

Before it could make a move, Qin Feng even killed twelve demon gods, which was simply hitting its old face.

You know, those demon gods trust it very much!

It is precisely because of its existence that it dares to rush up without any scruples and besiege Qin Feng.

How could it watch those demon gods fall!

In the next second, an invisible force rose from under the island and instantly enveloped the entire time and space!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the sky shook, and the time and space changed!

The time flow of the whole world started to flow backwards to 063!

Those who were dispersing the blood mist retreated back at a speed visible to the naked eye, and then divided into twelve groups of blood mist and returned to their original places.

At the same time, on Qin Feng's thirteen fission bodies, the time also went backwards, and they returned to their original places one by one.

The thirteenth fission variant's divine punishment pupils closed involuntarily.

It's time travel!

Qin Feng was shocked!

Time travel and time travel are different!

Rewinding time can only target a single target, causing the phenomenon of time reversal to appear on its body.

Reversing time and space is to make the entire space reverse time.

Simply put, Time Back is a single skill.

Time travel is a group skill.

In the blink of an eye, the entire time and space rewind back to one second ago.

The twelve blood mists returned to their original positions, and they gathered into twelve demon gods.

The demon gods are resurrected!

"Haha! Resurrected! We are reborn!"

The devils are ecstatic!

The ghost car is also a big joy!

Qin Feng was shocked and angry.

How could he allow the demon gods to be resurrected.

That was the result he got by surprise!

Of course, the twelve fission variants all started to use their seals.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

Back in time!

Skill activated!

Twelve time skill attacks landed on twelve demon gods one after another.

Suddenly, the flow of time on the twelve demon gods began to flow backwards.

Their flesh gods began to decompose automatically, and they wanted to return to blood fog!

"not good!"

"Master Jin! Help!"

All the demon gods were so frightened that their faces changed greatly, and they all shouted in surprise.

Until this moment, they didn't realize Qin Feng's terror.

Om~!

It was at this moment that the heaven and the earth trembled!

Another invisible force rose from the bottom of the island and instantly enveloped the entire space.

Time and space imprisoned!

Another time-level skill!

At that time, the air confinement is activated!

Within the space, all time skills and space skills will be imprisoned for three seconds.

The disintegration of the bodies of the demon gods came to an abrupt end.

They are full of surprises!

They know very well that as long as this state lasts for one second, they are safe!

Because time goes back, you can only go back one second!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was anxious.

He also knows this situation!

He can't revive these demon gods, otherwise the next situation will become extremely troublesome.

But he went back in time and was restrained by the mysterious devil.

Time and space imprisonment, belonging to the SS-level time and space law ability.

Going back in time belongs to the S-level time law ability.

The two are one level apart!

How to do?

Could it be that watching these demon gods come back to life?

correct!

Qin Feng's mind flashed, and the twelve fission bodies held a seal and activated their skills again.

At the same moment, the thirteenth fission variant took the initiative to slaughter the ghost car.

It turned out that Qin Feng wanted to destroy the ghost car and others before the mysterious devil appeared.

Otherwise, with the help of these demon gods, it would be even more difficult for him to deal with the mysterious demon god.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

In just an instant, the twelve fission variants were completed!

Twelve skills, activate again!

At the same time fell on twelve demon gods.