Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the next breath, the twelve demon gods mysteriously disappeared.

When they reappeared, they appeared where they were a second ago, all in a state of blood fog, and began to turn into starlight, automatically collapsing!

Terrible scream!

Reverberating in the blood fog!

Those demon gods have tasted death again with great pain!

Seeing this scene, the ghost car was completely dumbfounded!

Even the hidden mysterious demon **** was instantly stunned.

The mysterious devil couldn't figure out how Qin Feng did it.

It clearly casts a time-space confinement, and it is the reverse of light that bans Qin Feng!

How did the grave sheep and others return to the tragic state of death a second ago? !

The mysterious devil did not know that Qin Feng did not use time backwards this time, but time travel.

Time and space travel is also an SS-level time-space law skill, and space-time confinement naturally cannot restrain it!

In the past, Qin Feng always imposed 'time and space' on himself.

This time, he blessed the demons with his skills, and he didn't expect the effect to be amazing!

roar~!

A thunderous roar!

Soon, the mysterious demon **** reacted.

It's furious!

At this moment, it wanted to reverse the time and space again to save those demon gods, but it was powerless.

Because time travel is cast once, the cooling time is 3 minutes.

It can't be cast continuously, and can only watch the demon gods collapse and die!

But without waiting for it to think about it, the mutation in the field regenerated.

The thirteenth fission variant has been killed in front of the ghost car.

The ghost car was horrified, and I was a little overwhelmed!

Now, it is extremely afraid of Qin Feng!

It no longer dared to think that Qin Feng killed it by luck before.

In the blink of an eye, the fission variant came to the front!

It's too late for the ghost car to escape!

Just when it panicked, a mutation suddenly occurred below!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The whole world is shaking!

The island with a radius of thousands of miles suddenly rose from the ground, bringing with it the stormy waves that filled the sky.

That monstrous demonic energy pierced into the nine heavens, covering the sky and the earth!

At this moment, Qin Feng was horrified to discover that the giant island was not an island at all, but a huge turtle back.

It turned out that the entire island was the body of the mysterious devil.

He has been fighting on the back of this devil, and he didn't notice it.

From this, it can be seen that this Demon God has a very strong ability to hide.

As for the whole picture of this Demon God, he had no time to take a closer look.

He wants to hurry up and destroy the ghost car.

Never give the ghost car and the devil a chance to join forces.

Otherwise, he won't get a higher-level evaluation.

With this in mind, the thirteenth fission variant is ready to attack the ghost car!

When the ghost car saw the mysterious demon **** appearing, he was overjoyed, and he was immediately confident.

What's more, it has played against the thirteenth fission variant once.

This guy can only repel it, but can't hurt it.

Thinking of this, the ghost car took the initiative to attack the fission body.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

In an instant, the nine sharp beaks pecked away wildly, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Beside the thirteenth fission, white light flashed.

The other twelve fission variants appeared out of thin air.

Space calls!

That was the thirteenth fission body, and the rest of the fission bodies were instantly summoned.

"This is…."

The ghost car feels bad!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

But without waiting for it to think about it, all the fission bodies will attack it together!

Bang~!

A loud noise like the destruction of the universe!

Kacha~!

Blood burst! Void burst!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The fission bodies joined forces to blow the ghost car into slag, and even the soul body was shattered on the spot.

The ghost car didn't even have time to let out its screams, and was instantly killed on the spot!

Ow~!

A terrifying dragon roar!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, a huge faucet rushed from below.

Two golden dragon horns, with the potential of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, rushed towards the fission bodies!

At this time, Qin Feng discovered that the mysterious devil below is a giant beast with a dragon head and a turtle god!

At this moment, the demon **** exuded a monstrous aura, locked all the fission bodies, and killed them.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and the fission variants merged one after another.

The very positive body and the very negative body are themselves!

At this moment, the attack of the mysterious devil has arrived!

Swish~! Swish~!

The two main bodies shot in succession!

Two sword lights shot up into the sky and met two huge dragon horns!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

The next second, the two main bodies groaned, and they vomited blood and flew out at the same time.

That Demon God is so powerful that even the two main bodies are not opponents!

It kept rolling and flying out of a million zhang, and the polar yang body and the polar yin body stabilized their bodies.

With a thought of the two main bodies, a blue light lit up on their bodies, and their injuries recovered instantly.

huh~!

Afterwards, the two main bodies merged automatically, and Qin Feng appeared.

To deal with such a powerful Demon God, he has to use the 'Fa Xiangtiandi' to reverse the situation.

huh~! huh~! huh~!

As soon as Qin Feng appeared, before he had time to take a closer look at the devil, thirteen golden lights flew towards him, pouring into his body...

[You have successfully killed the demon and ghost car, and you have obtained +300 million attributes, +2 trillion energy points, +3 golden judgment points….]

[You successfully killed the demon and ghost car, and obtained +200 million attribute points, +1.5 trillion energy points, +2 golden judgment points….]

[You successfully killed the demonic snake and gained +170 million attributes...

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

His harvest is here! .

Chapter 708: Golden Ao Dragon Turtle! The best artifact!

In just a moment, Qin Feng received thirteen golden lights to feed back.

His attribute points, energy value, and judgment value are soaring wildly all the way! .

Om~!

At this time, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand also vibrated, illuminating a dazzling golden light...

Immediately afterwards, an invisible force poured into his body along the hilt of the sword, making his whole body warm and extremely comfortable...

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword has absorbed 70% of the luck value of Hua Snake! Congrats on getting 4x luck! 】

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword has swallowed 70% of the luck value of the grave sheep! congratulations…

 …

It turned out that the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword was absorbing the luck!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng absorbed 70% of the luck of the thirteen demon gods, including the grave sheep.

Among them, the ghost car and the king of angels are the worst!

This is the second time that they have been absorbed by Qin Feng, so there are very few remaining luck, and their strength has dropped invisibly.

Having said that, Qin Feng also noticed that the performance of the ghost car this time is indeed not as good as the last time.

Nothing more than the last time the ghost car fell, he sucked 70% of his luck, and his overall strength dropped a lot.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng had absorbed the luck of the thirteen demon gods and added 35 times the luck.

In this way, his luck value is increased to 190 times, and if the blessing of the book of the present world is added, it is 210 times the value.

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Before he could finish being happy, an upgraded white light lit up on his body again...

【Your level has been promoted to level 73! 】

【Your level has been promoted to level 74! 】

...

[Your vocation has been promoted to level 58 Judgment Supreme (primary)! 】