Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

[Your vocation is promoted to level 59 Judgment Supreme (primary)! 】

...

Qin Feng once again showed a satisfied smile!

His rank and vocation have risen by 2 levels in a row!

This is not a small gain!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, there was an earth-shattering loud noise from the front, and the whole world was shaking!

Qin Feng looked up quickly, and saw that the mysterious devil was rushing towards him!

That devil **** is thousands of miles long, with a dragon head and a turtle body and a unicorn tail, extremely hideous.

At this moment, it was slaughtered, and its figure was rapidly shrinking.

Obviously, its body is too large, which is not conducive to flexible fighting, and has to be reduced.

In the blink of an eye, that Demon God shrunk into a gigantic size, still incomparably huge, with extraordinary momentum!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he snooped away...

[Evil Object]: Jin Ao

[realm]: the peak of the main god

[Combat Strength]: 800 million stars

[Features]: Supreme guard.

[Reminder: One of the three guardian demon gods without superior assessment]

Sure enough, it is the existence of the peak of the Lord God!

One of the three supreme guardian demon gods!

The combat power has reached 800 million stars!

Having said that, Jin Ao is the dragon turtle in the myth of Longbi.

The island it has transformed into is called Jinao Island.

This seems to be the same as the flood...

Qin Feng couldn't help thinking of the myth of Long Bi.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Boom~Long~Long~!

But before he thought about it, Jin Ao had already reached the sky above his head!

That huge body of one million feet covered the sky and the ground, making the light of the sky and the earth dim, as if the sky had fallen!

Boom~!

In the next breath, Jin Ao stepped on Qin Feng.

That giant leg is like a giant mountain, reaching hundreds of thousands of feet long, covering one side of the world, and its imposing manner is extremely powerful!

Qin Feng didn't dare to fight hard, so he wanted to avoid it, but found that his breath had been locked, and he could not avoid it!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the blink of an eye, that foot has been stepped down!

Wherever the turtle's legs pass, the void is all smashed, the laws are all disordered, and the momentum destroys the sky and destroys the earth!

Seeing the violent attack falling from the sky, Qin Feng had no choice but to pick it up.

As soon as he thought about it, the world of the law was activated instantly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, he was transformed into a hundred thousand feet, the momentum of his whole body soared by 20%, and his combat power suddenly reached 660 million stars.

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand also rose against the wind and turned into a huge sword.

Swish~!

In the next breath, Qin Feng greeted that kick with a sword!

Seeing this scene, Jin Ao's red-gold eyes were full of disdain!

This **** heaven-level human, with his more than 500 million-star combat power, wants to block his own foot, it is a big joke!

Having said that, it was really too careless before!

It thought that as long as the ghost car and other demon gods joined forces, Qin Feng could be killed.

After all, this human is only at the realm of heaven!

At most, it controls the laws of time and space on the side, and it is done with assistance.

But I didn't want to think that the ghost car and others were so vulnerable that they were all wiped out by this human being in one fell swoop!

Of course, it also did not expect that Qin Feng mastered the laws of time and space, even more proficient than it.

Because of this, Qin Feng was able to kill it by surprise and annihilate the ghost car and others!

But this is a great humiliation for Jin Ao!

It can't stand it, a sky-level player actually killed the ghost car and others in front of it!

It wants to kill Qin Feng and get face back!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That kick was like stepping on the sky!

Wherever he passed, everything was broken, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

At this moment, Jin Ao's eyes are full of hideousness!

It is confident that this foot can definitely turn Qin Feng into meat sauce.

Om~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's long sword lit up with a dazzling golden light.

The law of chaos, instantly bless it!

210 times the power of luck is also blessed on that sword!

The power of that sword suddenly increased again and again, suddenly reaching about 700 million stars!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The whole world is shaking violently!

That kick directly kicked the long sword, and Yu Li kicked Qin Feng's chest hard.

Qin Feng groaned suddenly and was kicked down!

Poof~ pass~!

The sound of water suddenly sounded!

Stormy waves!

Qin Feng was kicked into the endless sea and splashed with huge waves of millions of feet. The scene was amazing!

"Hey! This is..."

Jin Ao looked at the direction Qin Feng fell in shock!

It clearly sensed that Qin Feng was not injured.

how can that be? !

Could this human be able to block his own foot?

impossible!

This is absolutely impossible!

How could a heaven-level player be able to block the full blow of the Lord God's peak!

At the same moment, under the sea, Qin Feng was kicked to the bottom of the sea.

At this moment, he felt a pain in his chest.

That was kicked by Jin Ao!

However, he was only in pain, not injured.

It turned out that the power of his sword had reached 700 million stars, offsetting most of the attack power of Jin Ao's kick.

Coupled with the super defensive power of his Tongtian Hegemony Body, this was barely able to withstand that kick!

This Jin Ao is too strong!

"This can't be done! This Jin Ao is so strong, **** him?"

Qin Feng frowned and was worried.

If he can't kill Jin Ao, he won't be able to clear this level, let alone get a super rating!

correct!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something, he quickly opened his panel...

[Free attribute]: 2.2 billion points

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

This is when he kills ghost cars and other demon gods, and receives attribute points.

Unexpectedly, the thirteen demon gods actually provided him with 2.2 billion attributes, which is really cool!

Thinking of this, he hurriedly added some

What he lacks the most right now is combat power!

In such an emergency, he added points very quickly.

In the blink of an eye, he added 2.2 billion attributes!

His basic combat power has skyrocketed to 554 million stars in one fell swoop, and his comprehensive combat power has skyrocketed to around 713 million stars. His strength has skyrocketed a lot!

Poof~ pass~!

At this moment, a huge sound of entering the water sounded!

That Jin Ao rushed into the seabed and came after him.

In the blink of an eye, it came to the front and kicked Qin Feng with another kick.

Qin Feng just finished adding attribute points, and before he could breathe a sigh of relief, he saw the attack!

Swish~!

He had to slash away with a sword and meet that kick!

Bang~!

Another loud bang!

The whole sea floor exploded!

Qin Feng snorted and retreated more than 100,000 feet.

But Jin Ao was also shaken back a thousand feet!

It was dumbfounded!

This human has suddenly become much stronger!

This time, it only has the upper hand, and it does not have the absolute advantage of the last time.

roar~!

Jin Ao roars!