Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

It can't believe it's true!

Boom~!

The next second, it killed Qin Feng again.

It does not believe that this human can still catch its third blow.

At this moment, Qin Feng stabilized his figure.

At this time, he also frowned, and his heart was extremely anxious.

If he can't tie with Jin Ao, it will be a big trouble.

If he wants to kill Jin Ao, he must at least be equal in combat power, then there is only a glimmer of hope.

Could it be that he really couldn't kill Jin Ao this time?

In this way, he will not be able to pass the customs this time!

what! correct!

At this time, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, he thought of something again, and quickly looked at the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in his hand.

In the next breath, he stroked the body of the sword with one hand, and a dazzling white light immediately lit up in the palm of his hand.

Immediately afterwards, the majestic power of luck was madly poured into the sword body from the palm of his hand...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Soon, a crisp explosion sounded from the sword body, and its final seal was being cracked!

It turned out that Qin Feng's air luck value reached 190 times the value, plus the blessing of "Book of the Present", that is 210 times, which has met the requirements for cracking the seal.

Kacha~!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

3 beeps!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The seal is broken!

Om~!

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword shines brightly, illuminating the entire seabed!

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Congratulations on breaking the last seal of the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword! 】

[Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword will automatically be promoted to the best **** rank, and the combat power will be increased to 50,000 stars]

[The incidental skill 'Luck Absorption' has been upgraded to advanced level]

[Air Luck Absorption (Advanced): After killing the main god-level target, you can absorb all the opponent's Luck to improve the Sword Master's Luck]

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and ecstatic!

He finally broke the last seal of the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword and promoted it to the level of the best divine weapon.

What surprised him even more was that after the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword was promoted to the best artifact, the back-feeding combat power soared to 50,000 stars, which greatly improved his overall strength.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Jin Ao had already killed him, kicked him again, and kicked Qin Feng wildly.

This time, its attack was one point stronger than before.

It doesn't believe it, this kick can't kill this human being!

Om~!

At the same time, the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword in Qin Feng's hand also lit up with golden light, illuminating the entire seabed!

5-star combat power, all the feedback is in place!

Swish~!

The next breath, the cold light flashes!

Qin Feng greeted that kick with one sword

Chapter 709: The future will show its power! Cut off the dragon's head!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Qin Feng's sword slashed away!

Where the sword's edge passed, the space was torn apart, the sea water sucked back, and countless violent vortices formed, turning the sea floor upside down!

At the same moment, Jin Ao's kick also kicked wildly!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The whole bottom of the sea, completely exploded!

Qin Feng and Jin Ao groaned at the same time, and each shook back more than 30,000 feet.

In this round, the two sides were evenly matched!

Jin Ao was completely dumbfounded!

Those red-golden eyes stared at Qin Feng in disbelief!

how can that be!

This human is actually tied with it!

You must know that the attack power of its foot has been strengthened by one point, but it is its full blow!

How could this human be able to take it? !

What exactly is going on?!

roar~!

Golden Ao roars!

At this moment, it is extremely embarrassed in its heart!

It really can't figure out why a little heaven-level human is so difficult to deal with!

Could it be that this human being used some kind of secret technique to temporarily increase his strength?

damn it!

Whatever the reason, it will kill this human being!

Only in this way can the malice in his heart be released!

Boom~Long~Long~!

With this in mind, Jin Ao came to Qin Feng again.

Swish~!

Qin Feng also dodged and took the initiative to meet him.

The two sides are fighting together!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

All of a sudden, the field was shattered, and the waves were terrifying!

The two sides killed from the bottom of the sea to the sky!

Killing until the sky is dark, the sun and the moon have no light!

The whole world seems to be collapsing!

Neither side can do anything about the other!

Jin Ao is more frightened the more he fights!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides have played against each other for dozens of rounds, and they are still evenly divided.

At this moment, one person and one demon confront each other in the air!

Jin Ao looked at Qin Feng in shock.

After some fights just now, it has realized that the heaven-level human in front of it already has a combat power comparable to it.

With this thought, Jin Ao's expression became solemn, and he no longer had the previous arrogance.

At this moment, it has regarded Qin Feng as an opponent of the same level, and there is no condescending contempt.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also stared at Jin Ao closely, but he was extremely anxious.

After a fight just now, he was horrified to discover that Jin Ao's defense was much stronger than his attack.

Using his speed several times, he slashed Jin Ao, but he failed to leave the slightest scar on it.

In other words, he was fighting against Jin Ao, and that guy was invincible.

Because he can't break Jin Ao's defense at all, how can he kill Jin Ao?

If he can't kill Jin Ao, he will definitely lose this level!

correct!

Counting the time, about eleven seconds have passed.

In four more seconds, fifteen seconds have been accumulated!

He can't get a super rating!

No, he has to find a way to destroy Jin Ao within the next four seconds.

Qin Feng has great ambitions!

He not only wants to pass the customs, but also wants to get the highest level of evaluation!

But at this moment, Jin Ao's cold and arrogant voice came from the front.

"Human! This level, you are sure to lose!"

Although Jin Ao was shocked by Qin Feng's strength, he was full of confidence in himself.

Qin Feng's analysis is correct!

Its defense is far stronger than its attack!

If you want to break its defense, the combat power must reach at least 1 billion stars, then it is possible to break it!

Obviously, Qin Feng can't do this!

Thinking of this, Jin Ao's eyes flashed with pride.

"Human! Be wise, surrender quickly! Don't waste your energy!"

Jin Ao said extremely arrogantly.

It wants to disintegrate Qin Feng's fighting spirit.

Because it knows that it can't kill Qin Feng.

At this stage, the two sides can finish it for thirty minutes.

However, as long as it lasted for thirty minutes, it won!

If Qin Feng can't kill it, then the challenge fails!

The rules are in its favor!

Thinking of this, Jin Ao's eyes became even more proud.

After hearing this, Qin Feng became even more anxious!

Judging from the current situation, it is very unfavorable for him!

what! That is…

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the bottom of Jin Ao's neck, which is seven inches.