I saw that Jin Ao had a dragon head, and the whole body was covered with golden scales, but at that seven inches, a row of silver dragon scales grew up against it.

This silver dragon scale...

Is it an inverse scale? !

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

The dragon has reverse scales, which are the vital part of the dragon and are very fragile.

This golden ao is the body of a dragon head and turtle, I am afraid it also has reverse scales!

If it is against the scales, he will have a ray of hope to kill Jin Ao.

"Human, what are you still doing? Surrender! You can't kill the deity!"

Jin Ao's tone became more and more proud.

"Not necessarily!"

huh~!

Qin Feng sneered and instantly turned into white light and disappeared out of thin air!

In the next breath, he teleported to the bottom of Jin Ao's neck.

Swish~!

Then, a cold light flashed!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, soaring into the sky!

Qin Feng slashed at Jin Ao's inverse scale with one sword!

"court death!"

Jin Ao was shocked and angry, and there was a trace of fear in the bottom of his eyes.

It did not expect that this human being is so keen to discover its inverse scales!

That is indeed its weakness!

But immediately, there was a trace of disdain in its eyes!

Its inverse scales are extremely small, only three fingers wide.

It is not so easy for Qin Feng to sneak attack on its weakness.

Thinking of this, Jin Ao just tilted his head slightly and easily avoided the key point!

When~!

A burst of gold and iron symphony!

Between heaven and earth, sound waves echo!

The void was shattered by the sound waves!

Qin Feng's sword slashed directly on the golden dragon scale on Jin Ao's neck, without hitting the reverse scale, only leaving a shallow white mark on the golden dragon scale!

It's really that the target of the reverse scale is too small, and Jin Ao's dodge is too easy.

It is almost impossible for Qin Feng to slash Zhong Ni scales!

Boom~!

At this moment, Jin Ao counterattacked and kicked Qin Feng wildly.

Click~! Ka~! Ka~!

That kick came, the void was shattered inch by inch, and the momentum was extremely fierce!

This is Jin Ao's angry shot!

This abominable human being has discovered its weakness, making it a little more fearful.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

However, how easy is its inverse scale to be hit? !

This little thief is simply whimsical!

Seeing Jin Ao attacking, Qin Feng dodged and retreated wildly, avoiding the kick!

Kacha~!

That kick directly kicked the void out of a huge black hole!

"Little thief! This deity is going to kill you!"

Boom~!

Jin Ao didn't let it go, and chased Qin Feng directly.

Obviously, Qin Feng's behavior of attacking its anti-scale has completely angered it.

It has to fight all the way to the end, until it has survived 30 minutes and won this level of victory!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In this way, Jin Ao took the initiative to kill Qin Feng...

At this moment, Qin Feng looked depressed.

His intentions have been discovered by Jin Ao, and it is almost impossible to sneak attack on his reverse scales.

After all, that guy is the existence of the peak of the main god, how can he be attacked so easily!

What's more, the inverse scale is too small!

If you don't look carefully, you can't see it, it's too difficult to hit.

Unless Jin Ao stood still and let him attack.

Is this only possible?

What makes Qin Feng more anxious is that thirteen seconds have passed. If he wants to get a super evaluation, he must kill Jin Ao within the remaining two seconds.

Is this still possible?

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that Jin Ao had already reached the front!

what! correct!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

In the next breath, he turned over in his hand, and there was an extra page in the palm of his hand.

Om~!

As soon as the divine page appeared, it floated into the air, emitting an incomparably holy white light.

Afterwards, Qin Feng picked up the seal and began to control the **** page.

hum~~!

The radiance of the divine page is also getting more and more dazzling.

"Little thief! Die!"

Boom~!

But at this moment, Jin Ao had kicked and kicked directly to the top of Qin Feng's head.

It also doesn't know what the **** page is. It seems to have twelve brilliance, and it should be a mid-grade god-level treasure.

A mid-grade god-level thing, it didn't pay attention at all.

This kind of treasure, never want to hurt it!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That kick only shattered the void inch by inch!

The devastating blow is about to fall!

At this moment, a mutation occurred!

Om~!

The divine page trembled suddenly, causing an extremely holy white beam of light to descend from the sky and land on the head of Jin Ao.

Covered by the beam of light, Jin Ao's body actually showed a sacred aura...

Immediately afterwards, beautiful pictures appeared in his mind.

In the 373 pictures, it first broke through to the limit of the main god, then broke through to the realm of quasi-god king, and finally broke through to the realm of **** king.

This makes it extremely exciting and yearning!

It knows that those pictures are its future.

And in those pictures, there is also a person, that is Qin Feng.

What makes it puzzled is that in the future picture, Qin Feng is actually its owner.

It was only with the help of Qin Feng that it broke through continuously.

This made it puzzled, and the attack under his feet could not help but stagnate, and the whole person fell into a state of daze.

For some reason, it firmly believes that those pictures are the pictures of the future.

But it couldn't figure out its relationship with Qin Feng, and there was a struggle in the depths of its eyes.

Just like that, it was stunned on the spot!

At the moment when Jin Ao was stunned, Qin Feng's eyes showed surprise, and in an instant, he reached the bottom of Jin Ao's neck.

It turned out that the **** page released by Qin Feng was the middle page of the Book of the Future.

The middle page of "The Book of the Future" has mastered the number of human beings in the future, and can fictionalize the scenes of the future, so that those who are recruited are convinced.

At the beginning, half of the "Bible" in the middle page of "Book of the Future" had a strong brainwashing ability, which could make all living beings become believers of God.

Today, Qin Feng has a complete middle page of the book of the future, and his brainwashing ability is naturally stronger.

Therefore, he used humane methods to fabricate some pictures of the future, forcibly brainwashing Jin Ao, causing him to fall into a moment of dementia.

Of course, this is also because Jin Ao's soul power is not strong!

And Qin Feng's soul power has just reached the level of the main **** realm, which can achieve miraculous effects.

If Qin Feng's soul power is not enough, it will not affect Jin Ao!

While you are sick! kill you!

Swish~!

Taking advantage of the moment when Jin Ao was confused, Qin Feng slashed with all his strength and slashed at its reverse scale!

roar~!

It was at this moment that Jin Ao finally broke free from the illusion of the future.

In just a split second, it sensed Qin Feng's sneak attack!

But it's all too late!

Without waiting for it to think about it, Qin Feng slashed into the reverse scale with one sword!

puff~!

A crisp sound!

Scales fly!

Blood splashes!

A huge dragon head was cut off! .

Chapter 710 The door of reincarnation! The goose has plucked its hair!

roar~!

A miserable roar!

The dragon head rolls down!