Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The black crystal black armor was torn apart, revealing the metal armor inside.

The residual power of that knife slashed on the metal armor, leaving only a shallow white mark.

Fuck it~!

Resentment is a double defense!

Qin Feng was very depressed.

He can't even break the opponent's defense, how can he kill the grudge.

The Wraith was shocked.

This human can break through its first defense!

Is he really just a level 11 novice king?

You must know that even a level 17 novice king may not necessarily break its first defense.

At this moment, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he had discovered something.

In the next second, he rushed straight towards the resentful demon.

roar~!

The resentful demon was furious and slapped it away.

Swish~!

Qin Feng quickly dodged away.

Bang~!

The giant palm fell in the air, the ground cracked, and the gravel flew. ,

The Wraith attacked again.

Qin Feng dodged again and kept approaching the resentful demon.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In this way, the field is full of afterimages of Qin Feng.

The earth cracked constantly, gravel flew all over the sky, and the whole village shook.

In just a moment, Qin Feng killed the resentful demon.

The resentful demon was as high as nine feet, like a three-story building.

In front of it, Qin Feng is like a mouse standing in front of an elephant, which looks very small.

At this moment, after Qin Feng avoided the resentment demon's blow, he jumped up and slashed towards the resentful demon's knee.

I saw that the bend of the knee was not covered by metal armor, only a layer of black crystal armor.

It turned out that Qin Feng was surprised when he discovered this weakness.

There is only one layer of defense in this place, which is the key for him to break through the grudge.

Swish~!

The light of the sword and the flames lit up in the dark night!

The sword energy and **** flames are intertwined!

Qin Feng launched his strongest blow!

Kacha~!

puff~!

A chopping sound!

Blood shot!

That knife slashed through Xuanjing's armor, slashed into the bend of the resentful demon's knee, and cut off the muscle connection between the bones and joints, leaving a scorching wound with deep bones.

roar~!

The resentful demon roared miserably, his left knee could no longer support the huge body, and he half-knelt down when it softened.

Bang~!

When he knelt down, the ground trembled slightly.

0

Qin Feng is ready to attack again.

But at this moment, he felt something in his heart, and when he looked down, he saw the shadow of the resentful demon creeping strangely.

strangeness!

In this dark and foggy sky, how can the resentful demon have a shadow?

But before he could think about it, two black hands stretched out from the shadow like lightning and grabbed his ankle.

Qin Feng was horrified and struggled quickly.

At the same moment, the resentful demon grinned and slapped Qin Feng with a palm.

Its 'Shadow Binding' can be activated with the help of its own shadow.

If you dare to enter its shadow range, you will not be able to escape its shackles.

In the blink of an eye, the evil demon's attack arrived.

This time, Qin Feng could no longer dodge, so he had to resist.

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

Qin Feng was shot upside down and flew out, and finally fell heavily to the ground.

Ha ha!

This human is dead.

There was excitement in the eyes of the devil.

But before it was happy, Qin Feng quickly got up.

0

The grudge was shocked.

What a strong fighting ability!

Naturally, it didn't know that Qin Feng's physique talent also reached C level.

At this moment, the resentful demon eyes revealed consternation.

Since Qin Feng stepped into the village, it has been observing secretly.

It found that Qin Feng had awakened his talents in terms of strength, speed, physique, and energy, and seemed to have no weaknesses.

But even the gods have weaknesses!

This human being has no weaknesses.

The more the devil thinks about it, the more terrified he becomes.

At this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with a faint aura.

In just a moment, all the injuries on his body recovered, and his momentum reached its peak again.

That was his newly mastered healing skill - Rejuvenation!Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The resentful demon was completely dumbfounded!

After a long time, Qin Feng was fine, but he was injured.

Comparing the two, it falls below.

Qin Feng was also secretly surprised.

This rejuvenation technique really works!

The injury just now was not light. He used the rejuvenation technique, and he was able to fully recover within a few seconds.

With this skill, even if the strength is equal, he can consume the opponent to death.

Thinking of this, he wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and looked up at the resentful demon.

The devil's eyes were terrified.

At this moment, it was a little panicked.

It struggled to get up, but just halfway up, its left leg softened, and it knelt down halfway with a 'bang'.

Qin Feng's slash was so ruthless that it injured his bones and cut off his left leg.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: In area 9321, the players from village 74 successfully killed the grudge and won the first place. 】

Qin Feng was shocked.

Someone has already killed the demon.

There is one less place in the top ten, and he can't delay any longer.

Thinking of this, he dodged and slaughtered the resentful demon again.

PS: Cheerfully recommend my two old books "Me! God-level Elementalist" "Starting from God's Calculation", the big bosses of the book shortage, if you are interested, you can take a look, click on my author's name, and you can find the book

Chapter 89 Killing the Resentful Demon, Uncrowned King!

roar~! roar~! roar~!

The giant palm of the resentful demon waved wildly, and slammed into Qin Feng again and again.

Qin Feng kept dodging.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Suddenly, the sky and the earth cracked, and the explosions continued.

The gravel flew all over the sky, killing it in a dark and dark way.

In a blink of an eye, Qin Feng broke through the many obstacles, killed the resentful demon, and entered the shadow coverage area of ​​the resentful demon.

Seeing this, the resentful demon looked savage, and was about to repeat the old trick, using the 'Shadow Binding'.

Swish~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng suddenly split into two and became two Qin Fengs.

That is his newly mastered skill - Phantom Clone.

The resentful demon was suddenly a little stunned.

For a while, it couldn't tell which one was Qin Feng's real body, and he didn't know which one to bind.

Just because of this delay, Qin Feng and his avatars were behind the resentful demon.

This time, he aimed at the crook of the Wraith's right knee.

It wasn't covered by metal armor either, which was the second flaw of the Resentful Demon.

roar~!

The devil screamed.

It knew Qin Feng's intentions and hurriedly blocked it.

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

The two sides immediately fought.

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was extremely anxious and a little uneasy.