Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In the center of the altar, the blue Tian Wu Ling egg lay quietly there.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just then, the sky shook!

Heavenly Dao's reward has fallen!

A beam of luck! A reward of white light!

Qin Feng accepted the reward comfortably...

After a while, he got all the rewards and put them away with satisfaction.

So far, his own luck has reached 230 times the value.

Shenwu points reached 2855 points!

The progress this time is huge!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

The rewards are all in hand, and he should also clean up the battlefield.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng teleported to the sky above the altar.

With a flick of his finger, he blasted through the protective mask and landed on the altar.

Then, he looked at the blue spirit egg in front of him.

[Tian Wu Ling Egg: The pinnacle of high-grade gods, wind attribute, unidentified master]

[This **** egg can be fed with essence and blood for a long time, which can breed spiritual pets above the virtual **** realm, and is loyal to the owner]

The battle pet spirit egg at the peak of the high-grade **** rank!

Now it's his!

Qin Feng happily put away the egg.

Then, he looked at a blue spar at the center of the altar...

[Original Crystal of the Wind: Middle Grade God Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Using this strange object can make the space possess the laws of all the attributes of wind]

This is one of the treasures he needs most!

At the moment, Qin Feng dug out the 'source crystal of the wind'.

In this way, if he wants to upgrade the zero-dimensional space, he needs a source crystal of soil.

Qin Feng put away the source crystal of the wind with satisfaction, and then raised his head to look around.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

On this island, there are spirit flowers, spirit grasses, and spirit fruit spirit trees everywhere, many of which are demigods.

These should all be collected by Jin Ao.

The exotic flowers and plants that can be favored by the master god's peak power are naturally not bad, and he can't miss it.

With this in mind, Qin Feng displayed 'Three Thousand Avatars', split three thousand fission bodies, and began to collect those exotic flowers and plants.

In just a moment, all the exotic flowers and plants were wiped clean by him.

A vibrant island has become a desolate island, with no grass on it, leaving only a barren land.

Whoo~!

Finally cleaned up!

Qin Feng looked around with satisfaction.

This time, he had a huge harvest again!

There should be no missing treasures, right?

correct!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he peeped towards the island under his feet...

[Jinao Island: The pinnacle of high-grade gods, the blessed land of the day after tomorrow]

[Reminder: This island is transformed by the tortoise shell of Jinao and cannot be collected]

what!

This island is actually a blessed land, but unfortunately it cannot be collected!

Come to think of it, this island is the tortoise shell of Jinao.

Then Jin Ao will be resurrected by Heaven!

If he takes away the island, Jin Ao will have no tortoise shell after resurrection, and become a mollusk.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng smiled and dismissed the matter of collecting the island.

what! Right Valley!

Is the turtle shell left here, the same as the remains of a corpse?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

In the next second, he pressed his palm on the ground, and a dazzling white light lit up in the palm of his hand...

【Endless extraction success! You extracted from the wreckage of Jinao].

Chapter 711 New help! Burning lamp ancient god!

【Endless extraction success! From the wreckage of Jin Ao, you extracted the skill - time and space back]

what! The extraction was successful!

Qin Feng was overjoyed, his eyes glowed with excitement!

He then continued to extract…

【Endless extraction success! From the wreckage of Jin Ao, you extracted the skill - Time and Space Imprisonment...]

【Endless extraction success! From the wreckage of Jin Ao, you extracted a drop of golden dragon blood (high-grade **** rank)…]

【Endless extraction success! From the wreckage of Jin Ao, you extracted a drop of golden dragon blood (high-grade **** rank)…]

【Endless extraction failed! You have reached the maximum number of withdrawals】

It turns out that the corpses above the main **** realm can be extracted four times, and one more extraction permission.

Whoo~!

Extraction is complete!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, his face full of joy.

The success of this extraction is a complete surprise!

Now, there are ten drops of the golden dragon blood in his hands.

This will be of great help to his bloodline improvement.

If his bloodline talent can be raised to a small realm, then the three spirit eggs of Houtu, Zhurong, and Gonggong can also be promoted to the peak of the high-grade **** rank.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[After 3 seconds, the player will be sent back to the main hall. 】

[After 10 minutes of rest, the fourth level challenge (no superiors) will be opened]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng looked around again to confirm that there were no treasures missing.

Not long after, he turned into white light and was sent back to the assessment hall...

Not long after Qin Feng disappeared, Jin Ao was resurrected!

At this resurrection, it sensed that all the treasures that were stored on its turtle shell were gone!

Jin Ao was instantly furious!

But then, it was horrified to discover that its talent for the Golden Dragon bloodline had decreased.

Time reversal and time and space imprisonment, the two skills also disappeared strangely! 943

Today, it is gifted with the laws of space and time, but it does not have the corresponding talent skills.

Jin Ao was completely dumbfounded!

"Damn human thief! This deity will never let you go!"

The next second, in the sky over the endless sea, Jin Ao's shocking roar was heard!

The whole world is shaking!

But it didn't realize that his luck had been completely absorbed by Qin Feng, and his strength had dropped a lot invisibly.

That is its biggest loss!

Without luck, it is easy to get bad luck!

But it was said that after Qin Feng returned to the assessment hall, he directly entered the zero-degree space.

At this moment, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng separated dozens of fission variants from his body.

Six of them went to refine the 'Dao Gu Dan'.

The six went to refine the 'Shenmai Dan'.

Ten statues to refine the 'source of divine power'

Sixteen to refine the 'source of soul power'

The last ten were to refine the golden dragon blood.

In this way, he still has 18 Daogu Dan, 18 Shenmai Dan, and 6 sources of divine power in his hand.

It turns out that the refining of these resources has an upper limit.

Qin Feng's Daogu Pill, Divine Vein Pill, and Source of Divine Power have all reached the upper limit, and no amount of refining will be effective, so there is a surplus.

And this time, the source of the soul power of the sixteen regiments just reached the refining limit.

Of course, these extra resources will not be wasted.

He can be used to train messengers.

Di Jiang, Jumang, Feng Xi and others will be of great help to him in the future, so naturally he should focus on training them.

"Hoo~! It's finally arranged!"

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and glanced at the secret room again.

I saw that in the secret room, all the fission bodies were sitting cross-legged, all refining various resources.

When these fission bodies have finished refining the resources, his strength will rise again.

However, Jin Ao and thirteen demon gods appeared in the third level, and their overall strength was extremely strong.

Normally, to deal with such a combination, it is only possible to successfully pass the level with a combat power of about 1 billion stars.

1 billion stars is the limit of breaking the Jinao defense.

Qin Feng used various means, and the comprehensive attack power was only comparable to 800 million stars.

He was able to kill Jin Ao smoothly, as well as destroy the ghost car and other demon gods, a large part of the reason is that he has many methods, many treasures, strong fighting talent, and people are smart enough.

But the next level, I'm afraid not so lucky.

According to this rhythm, is it necessary to reach 1.2 billion stars to pass the next level?

At this thought, Qin Feng was worried.

He is far from the 1.2 billion star combat power standard.

Even if he digests the harvest in front of him, he can't achieve it!

never mind! Think no more!