The water comes to cover the earth, and the soldiers come to block it!

Wait till that point!

He had to hurry up with other chores.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flashed and disappeared in place.

The next second, he appeared in another secret room.

I saw that in the secret room, each of the three spirit eggs exuded aura, where they were quietly sleeping.

Those are the three spirit eggs of Houtu, Zhurong, and Gonggong.

"I don't know when these three little guys will hatch?"

Qin Feng looked at the three spirit eggs expectantly.

Then, he waved his hand again, and there was a cyan spiritual egg in front of him.

[Tian Wu Ling Egg: The pinnacle of high-grade gods, wind attribute, unidentified master]

Qin Feng hurriedly broke his finger and dripped blood into the green egg.

In the next second, the spirit egg emitted a dazzling azure light and released an extremely happy mental wave.

At that moment, there was telepathy between Qin Feng and Ling Egg, just like relatives.

【Congratulations on your successful recognition of the Lord! Tian Wu Ling egg has recognized you as the master! 】

Whoo~! It worked!

There is another pet of war at the peak of the high-grade god-level.

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Afterwards, he comforted Tian Wu Ling Egg.

After the little guy fell asleep, he would take out the excess Dao Bone Pill, Divine Vein Pill, and Source of Divine Power, put it directly into the trading channel, and hand it over to the Mirage clone.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng dodged and left again.

He's going to deal with that ancient corpse...

At the same time, the Temple of Creation, in a remote corner.

The mirage clone naturally sensed the progress of the main body.

At this moment, his eyes were full of joy.

Judging from the current situation, the challenges and breakthroughs of Ontology are very smooth.

The second and third levels have both received super rewards!

As for whether the fourth level can still get super rewards, it is hard to say.

"Dad! Dad! Are you about to complete the challenge assessment?"

At this moment, next to the Mirage clone, Di Jiang's milky voice sounded.

The little guy is still two or three years old, and he is extremely cute.

At this time, not only Di Jiang, but also Jumang, Xiaoluaner, Fengxi, Qiyue, and Qingchengzi all gathered beside the phantom avatar.

It turned out that everyone had completed the five assessments, and the last one was the mixed martial arts assessment.

They are all waiting for Qin Feng to complete the assessment and promote Longyuan City to level 12 before taking the final assessment.

It's just that among the six people, Qiyue and Qingchengzi's emotions were a little low.

In the first five assessments, Qiyue only got 83 points, Qingchengzi got 77 points.

According to such points, it is unlikely that the two of them want to get a god-level evaluation.

Because of the next assessment, there are only three items left.

One of the mixed martial arts tests in the demigod realm, and the two tests in the virtual **** realm, the difficulty is greater than the other, and the score will be more difficult.

Therefore, it is less than 10% likely that Qiyue and Qingchengzi want to get a god-level evaluation.

In addition, Feng Xi scored 119 points and Xiao Luan'er scored 117 points, so the probability of getting a god-level evaluation is about 50%.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

The two of them were also worried.

Dijiang scored 167 points, and Jumang scored 153 points.

These two little guys, as long as there are no accidents later, basically get a god-level evaluation.

However, these are Qin Feng's most important people, and he naturally hopes that everyone can get a god-level evaluation.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone looked at Qiyue.

"Yue'er, don't worry! I have good news to tell you."

Qi Yue's eyes lit up: "Master, what is the good news?"

The Mirage clone smiled and opened the trading channel.

After a while, he took out a bunch of resources and distributed them directly to the six people.

Those are the source of Daogu Dan, Shenmai Dan, and divine power.

After this, Qiyue six people, each got three Dao bone pills, three divine vein pills, and a source of divine power.

"Hey! This is... master, these are all resources of the middle-rank god-rank, and one of them is the peak of the middle-rank god-rank!"

Qiyue six people were stunned!

The Mirage clone smiled and said: "Hurry up and refine these resources! When you refine these resources, the chances of getting a god-level evaluation will greatly increase."

Qi Yue's face flushed with excitement: "Master, as long as I refine these resources, the chance of getting a god-level evaluation should be improved to 60%."

Qingchengzi also said excitedly: "The poor road is almost 60%! The city owner, the poor road is grateful!"

Qingchengzi's respect for Qin Feng has reached the extreme.

"Master Qing Guan, don't be polite! You and I are both from Longbi, so you don't have to be so outspoken."

Qin Feng took good care of Qingchengzi, and even allowed him to accept apprentices in Longyuan City to establish the Taoist line of "Five Village Views".

What's more, Qin Feng's book chance in this world also has Qingchengzi's credit.

"Master, the resources you gave this time are too rich. With these resources, the concubine is 90% sure to get a god-level evaluation."

Feng Xi also had an excited look on her face, her beautiful face was radiant.

The Mirage clone smiled: "Then hurry up and refine it!"

At the moment, all the subordinates were sitting cross-legged, excitedly refining resources.

The phantom avatar released a time force field and protected the law for everyone...

At the same time, Qin Feng was also digesting resources in the zero-degree space.

In the blink of an eye, about 8 minutes passed in the hall.

In the zero-degree space, four hours have passed.

At this time, zero-degree space, a secret room.

Qin Feng moved the seal with both hands, and was controlling the soul-suppressing lamp, letting it slowly melt into the body of the ancient corpse.

I saw a little man sitting cross-legged in the light of the soul-suppressing lamp.

That is the soul of the ancient corpse.

It has been repaired 60% by Qin Feng.

However, that remnant soul needs protection.

Therefore, Qin Feng let him hide in the lights, and then integrated into the sea of ​​knowledge of the ancient corpse.

huh~!

When Qin Feng thought about it, the soul-suppressing lamp turned into a golden light and flew into the eyebrows of the ancient corpse.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, the ancient corpse reacted, and the momentum of the whole body skyrocketed, and it reached 1 billion stars in a blink of an eye.

Immediately afterwards, the ancient corpse slowly opened his eyes and looked forward with some confusion.

When it saw Qin Feng, it showed respect.

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The corpse puppet was finally made!

However, this is only a preliminary refinement, the corpse puppet soul body is too incomplete, and it needs to continue to be cultivated.

correct!

He should also give the corpse a name.

This corpse puppet is carried by the soul-suppressing lamp and the corpse of the ancient gods, so why not call it 'the ancient **** of burning the lamp'! .

Chapter 712 The Lord of Destiny! Life and death thin!

Qin Feng felt that the name 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp' was very suitable.

Thinking of this, he looked at the ancient corpse.

Today's ancient corpse has changed a lot from before.

Before, the ancient corpse had no head, only a skull, which was separated from the corpse.

Now, Qin Feng grafted the skull onto the corpse, and with the help of the 'Bright Holy Water', actually made the skull grow flesh and blood again-.

His appearance turned into a skinny, bald-headed old man with a sinister face, exuding a gloomy and cold aura all over his body.

Seeing this, Qin Feng said to the ancient corpse: "From now on, your name will be 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp'!"

The ancient corpse's eyes were dull, and his intelligence was not sound.

However, when it heard Qin Feng's words, it nodded slightly subconsciously, apparently accepting the name.

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Having said that, he initially refined into a corpse puppet, which was of great help to his next challenge.

Not to mention anything else, the combat power of this corpse puppet has reached about 1 billion stars, which is stronger than his combat power, and is definitely a super booster.

Of course, not everyone has the ability to refine corpse puppets, and that requires mastering the S-level Soul Dao Law.

Qin Feng awakened this talent a long time ago when he destroyed the Yaotian family, and it has not been used until now.

It seems that any ability can shine, as long as the corresponding path is found.

Of course, Qin Feng's corpse puppet also has great flaws.

That is, the broken soul body is too severe, the ability to control the physical body is weak, and it cannot continue to fight.

In other words, if Qin Feng repairs the ancient god's soul body more and more completely, its combat power will become stronger and stronger, and the combat time will become longer and longer, and the potential is huge!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the corpse puppet with more anticipation.

Today, the corpse puppet's continuous combat capability should only be 10 minutes.

If its soul body can be repaired to 70%, its combat capability can last up to half an hour.

This corpse puppet has poor continuous combat ability, mainly due to the lack of sea of ​​​​knowledge, the soul body has nowhere to stay, and the manipulation of the physical body is very uncoordinated.

For this reason, Qin Feng used the soul-suppressing lamp to turn it into a sea of ​​consciousness and implanted it in the corpse puppet's brain.

However, if he wants to restore his soul body, he has to use the Book of the Present World and the Holy Water of Light.

Thinking of this, the phantom of "Book of the World" appeared in Qin Feng's mind, creating an invisible suction force on the corpse.

huh~!

Green light flashes!

When I saw a green villain, it shot out from the center of the corpse's eyebrows, and took the initiative to escape into the "Book of the World".

That is the soul body of the corpse!

At this time, it escaped into the "Book of the Present World" and continued to be cultivated and repaired.