Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The corpse was also slowly poured into the corpse coffin, and the lid was automatically closed.

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled slightly and put away the "Book of the Present World".

The refining of the corpse puppet finally came to an end.

Next, he waited for the refining of the "Golden Dragon Divine Blood" and the start of the fourth challenge.

Having said that, in the past four hours.

His fission body has refined 6 Dao Bone Pills, 6 Divine Vein Pills, 10 Groups of Divine Power Sources, and 16 Groups of Soul Power Sources.

This made his basic combat power soar to 690 million stars in one fell swoop, a huge increase.

In addition, his soul power has also been raised to the mid-level of the main god.

If it is under the blessing of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' and luck, I am afraid that his soul power can be compared with the peak of the main god.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

"It's almost time, it's time to go out and see!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flashed away and disappeared out of thin air.

The next second, he returned to the assessment hall.

The hall was empty, and he was the only one.

Qin Feng looked at the time, and there was still one minute left until the rest time was over.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, his whole blood was churning, and there was an earth-shattering roar in his body, and his momentum began to skyrocket wildly...

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder from the Tao of Heaven...

[Your fission body, refining the golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level) successfully! You get a lot of blood energy, and your combat power increases by +60,000 stars...]

[Your fission body, refining the golden dragon blood...]

...

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

His fission body finally refined those divine blood!

In the blink of an eye, all ten drops of golden dragon blood were refined. Tiandao once again sent a reminder...

[Congratulations on your great progress in bloodline talent, which has reached the SSS level limit of 99.37%]

[Reminder: If your bloodline talent reaches SSS level limit 1, you can be promoted to SSS level successfully]

[Reminder: When your bloodline talent reaches the SSS level, your 'Fa Xiangtiandi' can be promoted to advanced level]

what!

The bloodline talent has not advanced yet!

Qin Feng was a little surprised!

Ten drops of the divine blood of the high-grade **** rank did not allow his bloodline talent to advance.

It seems that the further back this bloodline talent is, the more difficult it will be to advance.

However, Qin Feng was already satisfied.

Ten drops of divine blood have increased his combat power by 60,000 stars, and his basic combat power has reached 750 million stars in one fell swoop, and his comprehensive strength has skyrocketed!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

What's more, his bloodline talent has reached 99.37%, and he is just one line away from promotion!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[It was detected that your combat power exceeded 700 million stars, congratulations on your second title 'Child of Destiny' being promoted to 'Lord of Destiny (Elementary)'! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

Immediately afterwards, the sky above the hall shook, and a milky white sacred beam of light descended from the sky, covering Qin Feng's body...

In the next second, his momentum began to soar...

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Elementary)'! You get a 30,000-star combat power blessing! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Elementary)'! You got a +3 reputation bonus! 】

[Congratulations on getting the title of 'Lord of Destiny (Elementary)'! The maximum number of times your combat power is fed back has been raised to 6! 】

After a long time, the vision in the sky gradually dissipated!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy!

His title promotion was successful!

In this way, his basic combat power has reached 780 million stars, which is a proper peak level of the main god.

In addition, his feedback has also increased to 6.

This is an invisible potential boost!

In addition, his reputation has reached 38,000 points.

The influence of prestige is also huge!

Many tasks require a certain level of prestige before they can be triggered.

Qin Feng is also very satisfied with the reputation reward.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: When your title of "Lord of Destiny" is promoted to senior, you can automatically obtain the SSS-level talent - the law of destiny]

[Reminder: The Lord of Destiny is promoted to the intermediate level, and the air luck value needs to be 5 times]

[Reminder: The Lord of Destiny is promoted to advanced level, and the luck value needs to be doubled]

what!

It turns out that when you get promoted to the title, you can also get the talent of the SSS-level law!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

As far as he knows, if he activates the 'Master of the Universe' mission, he must master the 'Law of Destiny' when he creates his own universe in the future.

He was worrying about how to comprehend that law.

I didn't expect the method to come so soon!

That is to continuously advance to the second title!

Knowing the method, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

A long-standing problem was solved in this way, which made him feel good.

In short, after this promotion, his comprehensive strength has improved a lot, which will be of great help to his next challenges!

I just don't know, is there any hope of getting a super rating in the fourth level?

Qin Feng was still a little worried about this.

correct!

He has one more important thing that he almost forgot!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the property panel...

[Free attribute]: 1.2 billion points

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled.

He hasn't added the 1.2 billion attribute points obtained by killing Jin Ao!

Before, he was busy refining corpse puppets and didn't have time to add them. Now it's time to add more.

Thinking of this, he was going to add some points, and Tiandao sent a reminder...

[The fourth level challenge will begin, players please get ready...]

The challenge begins again!

Qin Feng didn't dare to delay, and quickly added some more.

In just a moment, he completed the addition, and the basic combat power skyrocketed to 8.4 billion stars.

Afterwards, he summoned all the fission bodies and integrated them into his body, and wore the divine sword of divine fortune, the armor of the thief, the divine wings of the gods, and the book of the present, and released the power of harmony.

In this way, his comprehensive combat power has reached 875 million stars, which makes him very satisfied!

At this point, the preparation time is over!

I saw a flash of white light, and he disappeared into the hall.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in a dark and bleak world!

It was dark and gloomy everywhere, giving people a feeling of extreme gloom.

In the center of that world, there is an incomparably huge altar, exuding a miserable green light.

Above the altar, there is a quaint and mysterious book suspended, exuding an amazing atmosphere.

For some reason, Qin Feng felt somewhat familiar when he saw the ancient book.

At the moment, he peeped out to the ancient book

[Spying failed! 】

[Reminder: This object is covered by the power of the secret technique, and it needs the strength of the soul power to reach the peak level of the main **** before it can be seen! 】

It failed!

Qin Feng was a little surprised.

His soul power is at the middle stage of the main god, and has not yet reached the peak level of the main god.

But it's all hard for him!

At this moment, his mind moved, and the phantom of the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' appeared in the back of his mind!

The power of luck is also blessed at the same time.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, his soul power aura soared, and in a blink of an eye he reached the pinnacle level of the Lord God.

At this point, he hurriedly spy on the ancient book

[Book of Life and Death: The Peak of the High-Grade Divine Rank, the Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Reminder: This object is transformed from the middle page of "Book of the Past"]

what!

This is actually the middle page of the "Past Book"!

Isn't that what you want!

One of the SS-level 'Judgment of God's Realm Truth' quest he received was to collect the "Book of the Past", "Book of the Present World", and "Book of the Future".

Today, he has obtained the Book of the Present and the Book of the Future.

Unexpectedly, in this level, he saw the middle page of "Book of the Past" again.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly became excited.

When he got this "Book of Life and Death", his task of collecting three sacred books took another big step forward.

However, he still didn't understand something.

That is the "Book of Changes" in the middle page of the "Book of the Present World", and it is only of the middle-grade **** level.

How come the Book of Life and Death, which was transformed into the middle page of the Book of the Past, is the pinnacle of the top-ranking **** rank?

What the **** is going on here?

Qin Feng was puzzled!

He didn't know what secrets were hidden here.

But before he could think about it, the field suddenly changed! seven.