Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 713 Black and White Angels! Yan Tian Shen Zun!

Boom~Long~Long~!

I saw that mysterious altar suddenly roared...

Immediately afterwards, it lit up the sky with green light, and two stalwart figures slowly emerged within it, one on the left and one on the right, standing side by side, all of them were ten thousand feet tall.

The one on the left is dressed in a black robe, wearing a high black hat, and holding a black soul lock chain.

The person on the right is dressed in a white robe, wearing a high white hat and holding a white mourning stick.

The faces of the two were covered by the white mist, making it difficult to see their appearance, only a pair of blood-red eyes could be seen.

However, the aura on them was extremely cold.

As soon as they appeared, the temperature of the entire world suddenly dropped a lot.

"This is…"

When Qin Feng suddenly saw the two of them, he felt a sense of familiarity.

How does he think the images of these two people are very similar to the black and white impermanence in the myth of Longbi!

Thinking of this, he looked at the man in black robe...

[Evil Object]: Dark Angel

[realm]: the peak of the main god

[Combat Strength]: 800 million stars

[Characteristics]: Loyal to its owner

[Reminder: No superior assessment, guarding the servants of the devil]

[Origin: He came from the Judgment God Realm during his lifetime, and was a dark messenger of Judgment Supreme (Advanced). After the physical body collapsed, he transformed into a supreme ghost cultivator. 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

This guy is actually a ghost repairer!

That is, there is no physical body, and he is good at spiritual attacks.

For this aspect, he is not good at it!

In addition, this guy's combat power has reached 800 million, which is the same level of combat power as Jin Ao.

What's even more terrifying is that he was just guarding the follower of the Demon God.

Who is his master?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly looked at the mysterious man in white robe...

[Evil Object]: Angel of the day

[realm]: the peak of the main god

[Combat Strength]: 800 million stars

[Characteristics]: Loyal to its owner

[Reminder: No superior assessment, guarding the servants of the devil]

[Origin: He came from the Judgment God Realm during his lifetime and was a light messenger of Judgment Supreme (Advanced). After the physical body collapsed, he transformed into a supreme ghost cultivator. 】

Still a servant!

The combat power is also 800 million stars!

Qin Feng did not expect that these two powerful beings were only servants.

The main lord has not yet appeared!

It looks like this is not going well!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

These two demon gods alone are not easy to deal with.

I don't know how strong the masters behind them are?

Having said that, these two Demon Gods are very similar to Black and White Impermanence!

In addition, they came from the realm of Judgment God.

No wonder they own the middle page of the Book of the Past, which is the Book of Life and Death.

"Book of the Past", "Book of the Present World" and "Book of the Future" are the treasures of the town of Judgment God's Domain!

With the continuous increase of knowledge, Qin Feng gradually discovered that Judgment God Realm seems to be closely related to the cycle of life and death, the six worlds, the past, the future, humanity, and so on.

This also makes Qin Feng more curious, what kind of existence is Judgment God Domain?

Just when Qin Feng was thinking about it, the Heitian Envoy and the Daytime Envoy were also looking at Qin Feng.

The more they looked, the more excited they became, and their blood-red eyes showed excitement.

"After so many years, we finally waited until someone activated the no-superior assessment!"

The Dark Angel said excitedly.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

During the day, the angel also nodded excitedly: "Yes! The opportunity that the master is waiting for is here!"

The angel of the black sky said again: "This player has the aura of a judge? Could it be that he is also from the realm of judgment?"

Hearing this, the envoy looked at Qin Feng for a while during the day.

Afterwards, he sneered: "There is a judge's breath! However, whether he is from the Judgment God Realm or not, he has to die today! Only by killing him can we complete the mission of Heaven! Heaven will also fulfill the master's wish!"

Having said that, the envoy looked at Qin Feng during the day, full of cold killing intent.

The Heitian Envoy nodded: "It makes sense! Only when he is dead can we be considered successful in defending the gate! By the way, if this kid can break through this level, he should have killed Jin Ao!"

During the day, the envoy smiled coldly: "Don't worry! If a small heaven-level player can pass the level of Jin Ao, I am afraid that he has exhausted his luck and suffered for nearly 30 minutes before he is lucky enough to win!"

"And when you and I join forces, it will only take ten minutes to kill that Jin Ao. In other words, if you and I join forces, it is extremely easy to kill this kid, and there is no need for the master to take action!"

During the day, the divine envoy's tone was full of arrogance.

The Dark Envoy smiled slightly: "Of course!"

Obviously, he agrees with the analysis of the angel of the day.

At this moment, they were chatting to themselves, not afraid that Qin Feng would hear it.

This clearly did not take Qin Feng into account.

Come to think of it, these two demon gods are at the pinnacle level of the main god, so how can they put a heaven-level human in their eyes.

Qin Feng was speechless after hearing their words!

These two guys are really arrogant!

They actually thought that they had fought hard for nearly 30 minutes before killing Jin Ao.

In fact, it only took him about 14 and a half seconds to kill Jin Ao.

Thinking about it, who would dare to believe that a heaven-level human can kill a main **** with a combat power of 800 million stars in 15 seconds, and it is the kind of main **** who is good at defense!

However, let these two guys be careless!

At that time, he was so unexpected, giving these two guys an unforgettable memory.

Qin Feng sneered in his heart.

However, he was also worried.

His goal is to get a super rating, that is, to kill the black and white angel and their master behind the scenes within 15 seconds.

Can he do it this time?

Qin Feng was completely at a loss!

After all, he hasn't seen the masters behind the two great gods, so he doesn't know what his strength is?

What's more, from the mouths of the two great envoys, they can kill Jin Ao in ten minutes together.

It can be seen that the strength of the two of them is extremely powerful, I am afraid that it is more difficult than Jin Ao!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the altar in front made a rumbling sound again, and the entire space trembled.

This momentum is even greater than before!

Immediately afterwards, in the center of the altar, an incomparably stalwart figure slowly rose.

He wears a golden crown and a golden robe, his expression is majestic, reaching a height of one million feet, and his aura is even more earth-shattering!

In front of him, the black and white gods looked like two babies.

Qin Feng couldn't help but spy out...

[Evil Object]: Yan Tian Shen Zun

[realm]: the peak of the main god

[Combat Strength]: 1.1 billion stars

[Feature]: Supreme Guard

[Origin: He came from the Judgment God Realm during his lifetime and was once a Judgment Supreme (senior). After the physical body collapsed, he transformed into a supreme ghost cultivator. 】

[Reminder: After it is transformed into a ghost repair, the power of the vocation skill is greatly reduced, or even lost]

Sure enough!

Seeing this, Qin Feng took a deep breath.

This guy is a former high-ranking judge, and he should be the master of the black and white gods.

Seeing that his combat power is only 1.1 billion stars, Qin Feng is very jealous of him.

The strength of the judgment of the Venerable cannot be judged by common sense.

Just like the reincarnation ancestor, who is clearly in the virtual **** realm, but his strength is far stronger than the same level, comparable to the peak of the true god.

Of course, the reincarnation ancestor broke the curse and could perfectly use his vocation skills.

After this Yan Tian Shen Zun was transformed into a ghost cultivator, the power of his vocation skills dropped greatly.

But even if it is a big drop, the power should not be underestimated, it must be far stronger than the same level of combat power

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

His goal is to get a super evaluation, so at first glance, I am afraid that there is not much hope!

"Owner!"

At this time, when the black and white divine envoys saw the appearance of Yan Tian Shenzun, they stepped forward and saluted, with a very respectful tone.

Yan Tian Shenzun nodded slightly and looked at Qin Feng, his golden eyes showing excitement.

"It's been so many years! The deity has finally arrived!"

Yan Tian Shenzun looked at Qin Feng and sighed.

Afterwards, he looked down at the "Book of Life and Death" in front of him and smiled.

With this "Book of Life and Death", even a powerhouse with a combat power of 1.2 billion stars can be easily killed.

This human being at the realm of heaven is bound to die!

Of course, maybe he doesn't need to use "Book of Life and Death" to destroy this human being!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the voice of heaven came from the sky...

[Welcome players to the world of life and death (challenge the fourth level)]

[Challenge rules: Players need to kill Yan Tian Shenzun and his two servants within 30 minutes to be considered clear. 】

【If you fail to kill within the time limit, the challenge of this level will fail! Deduct 150 Shenwu points! 】

[Kill all the targets within 20 to 30 minutes, you can get 150 Shenwu points, and additional rewards for clearing the level. 】