Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[Kill the target within 10 to 20 minutes, you can get 250 Shenwu points, and double the reward for passing the level]

[Kill the target within 3 to 10 minutes, you can get 4 points of Shenwu points, and triple the reward for clearing the level]

[Kill the target within 1 to 3 minutes, you can get 6 points of Shenwu, and four times the reward for clearing the level]

[Kill the target within 10 seconds to 1 minute, you can get 850 Shenwu points and five times the reward for breaking through the level]

[Kill the target within 10 seconds, you can get 11 points of Shenwu points, and six times the reward for clearing the level]

[Kill the target within 1 second, you can get 14 points of Shenwu points, and eight times the reward for passing the level]

Huh~!

This time, Tiandao directly gave the reward for killing within 1 second.

It seems that Qin Feng got two super evaluations in a row, and Tian Dao silently revised the rules.

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Challenge Tip: Please prepare for both sides of the battle! After the countdown is over, the battle can begin! 2.2]

【Countdown: 19】

As soon as the prompt came out, Qin Feng quickly held his breath and looked at the other three with all his attention.

The three of Yan Tian Shenzun were calm.

That day, the angel even smiled and said, "Master, you may not need to take action this time. Hei Tian and I can take action and kill this kid!"

Yan Tianshen smiled without saying a word.

Om~!

At this moment, the projection of "Book of the World" appeared behind Qin Feng's head!

Immediately afterwards, a fantasy world that was exactly the same as the world of life and death emerged, overlapping with the entire world of life and death.

At that moment, the flow of time in the world quietly changed.

"Hey! It's the Book of the Present World!"

When Yan Tian Shenzun saw the book of the present world, his eyes turned red with excitement.

The present book is one of the treasures he wants!

Unexpectedly, it appeared in the hands of this human being!

Then he must grab it!

【Countdown is over! Challenge timer starts:]

Just then, the countdown ends!

"Let's do it together!"

Boom~!

As soon as the challenge started, Yan Tian Shenzun shouted and took the lead to kill Qin Feng.

He can't wait!

The black and white angels followed closely behind!

Qin Feng couldn't help but be stunned!

The other party actually attacked together at the beginning of the game!

The situation suddenly turned bad! .

Chapter 714 Soul Power Attack! Reincarnation shows power!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, Yan Tian Shenzun came to the front!

That monstrous yin qi, covering the sky and covering the earth, is extremely terrifying!

At the same time, the black and white gods were also killed, and the momentum was equally earth-shattering!

"Humans! Die!"

Yan Tian Shenzun suddenly shot!

The giant palm slammed down towards Qin Feng!

At the same moment, the black and white angels also shot!

The soul-locking chain in the hands of the Heitian envoy was madly drawn towards Qin Feng!

The mourning stick in the hands of the envoy during the day also smashed towards Qin Feng!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

Three shocking attacks, the momentum is linked together, suddenly surpassing the limit of the peak of the main god, the power destroys the sky and destroys the earth!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

Not only that, the soul-locking chain and the mourning stick also made a whimpering sound like a ghost crying wolf howl!

Wherever the sound wave goes, it makes the soul tremble, and it is about to collapse!

The attack was actually mixed with a soul power attack.

No wonder the black and white gods have said that they can kill Jin Ao in ten minutes together!

Because Jin Ao's soul body is not strong, he can barely reach the threshold level of the main god's peak, which is just restrained by this kind of spiritual attack.

This is also the reason why Qin Fengneng used the middle page of "Future Book" to control Jin Ao!

Woo~! Woo~! Woo~!

In the blink of an eye, those two soul power attacks were killed in advance!

Soul power attack, invisible and invisible, there is no defense at all!

In just a moment, the shock wave of soul power emitted by the soul lock chain and mourning stick rushed into Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness frantically, and slammed into Qin Feng's soul body!

Sensing this scene, 19 black and white gods all turned pale, and there was a hidden look of watching a good show in their eyes.

Their soul power attacks are invisible and intangible, and they cannot be defended at all!

If you want to withstand their soul power attack, you can only rely on your own soul body strength!

This kid is in the heaven-level realm, and his soul body is definitely not strong!

I'm afraid they can make this kid's soul fly annihilated with a single blow!

Don't talk about this kid, even if Jin Ao's soul power is strong, it can't resist their combined soul power attack!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

With this thought, the black and white envoys became even more proud!

They thought that Qin Feng was dead this time!

But this idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

Om~!

I saw that behind Qin Feng's head, a 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' suddenly appeared, and it bloomed with ten petals!

At the same time, the monstrous power of luck also instantly blessed the power of the soul.

Suddenly, Qin Feng's soul strength skyrocketed, reaching the peak level of the Lord God in an instant, even stronger than that of Jin Ao!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two silent muffled noises!

The soul power attacks of the black and white angels all hit Qin Feng's soul body.

Qin Feng only felt a slight tremor in his heart and soul, and he calmed down instantly, without the slightest injury!

He took it!

what!

Seeing that Qin Feng was completely fine, the black and white envoys were horrified!

Even Yan Tian Shenzun showed a look of astonishment!

The strength of this kid's soul body far exceeded their expectations!

But that's okay, the real attack has arrived!

This kid is dead!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

It was at this moment that the joint strike of Yan Tian Shenzun and the three was approaching!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the three waves of attacks went, the void was all shattered, the laws were all destroyed, and the power destroyed the sky and the earth.

Qin Feng's face changed slightly.

Such a terrifying joint strike, he would never be able to withstand it!

I am afraid that under this blow, he will be bombed on the spot.

huh~!

At a very critical moment, his mind moved, and it instantly turned into white light, disappearing out of thin air!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

Those three monstrous attacks came to nothing!

The bombardment caused cracks in the space, bursting everywhere, and the whole world was shaking violently!

huh~!

At this moment, Qin Feng teleported to the back of the angel of the day.

Boom~!

At that moment, he displayed the 'Fa Xiangtiandi', and his figure soared to 100,000 zhang, even taller than the black and white gods!

His combat power instantly soared by 20%, suddenly reaching 1.5 billion stars.

what! This is….

Such a mutation surprised the three of Yan Tian Shenzun!

Swish~!

But without waiting for them to think about it, Qin Feng slashed at the back of the angel of the day with a sword!

At that moment, he activated the law of chaos and the power of luck!

Om~!

Divine Sword Shakes!

The dazzling golden light lit up, one after another!

The power of that sword skyrocketed, comparable to about 1.1 billion stars, on par with Yan Tian Shenzun.

"not good!"

During the day, the divine envoy was horrified!

He wanted to dodge, but it was too late!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

That sword directly split the angel of the day into two halves!

roar~!

A painful roar echoed in the field!

During the day, the two halves of the angel's body exploded into a cloud of white mist.

Within the fog, a white light group lit up with a dazzling aura.