Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

That light group is the true spirit of the angel of the day!

If the true spirit is immortal, he is immortal!

As soon as the true spirit appeared, the rays of light were radiant, and the white mist immediately surged and gathered, reorganizing the human form.

During the day, the angel is about to be resurrected!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was in a hurry and was about to take another shot.

He must never revive the angel of the day!

In that case, his efforts will be in vain!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly split, revealing a golden pupil, exuding a breathtaking light!

"stop!"

At this moment, Yan Tian Shen Zun and Hei Tian Shen Envoy reacted, and they all attacked Qin Feng!

Boom~! Boom~!

Two monstrous attacks, the momentum is shocking!

The palm of Yan Tianshen Zun is a bit more powerful than that.

The attack of the black angel has also been strengthened!

Obviously, they wanted to force Qin Feng to give up the pursuit of the angel of the day by besieging Wei and saving Zhao.

But Qin Feng ignored it!

Master fighting! Fighters are often fleeting!

If he gave up the pursuit of the angel of the day, he would not have such a good chance next time!

huh~!

Thinking of this, between his eyebrows, a red-gold divine light of punishment suddenly shot out, instantly piercing the white fog, and shooting the light group in the fog in the opposite direction!

puff~!

A soft sound!

The light group burst instantly!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Turned into inch shards, splashing everywhere!

The shrill screams echoed in the field!

The angel of the day was thus killed!

Boom~! Boom~!

But at this moment, the attack of Yan Tian Shen Zun and Hei Tian Shen Envoy also arrived, and they blasted directly at Qin Feng!

Qin Feng had no time to evade, and the blood in his body suddenly surged, and a faint red light lit up!

Heavenly hegemony!

Instant start!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two huge muffled sounds!

The two terrifying attacks all hit Qin Feng.

Qin Feng groaned, his body cracked by the bombardment, and he vomited blood and flew out.

Seeing this scene, Yan Tian Shenzun was a little stunned!

This kid was not bombed!

Its defense is too strong!

You know, he and Hei Tian's divine envoy jointly attacked, and even he himself couldn't bear it!

However, the boy's body was cracked, he vomited blood and flew upside down, obviously he was severely injured!

As long as they hit it again, they can kill it.

With this in mind, Yan Tian Shenzun will chase after him.

At this moment, Qin Feng stabilized his figure, his whole body flashed with blue light, and the law of life automatically operated.

Suddenly, the cracks in his body healed automatically at a speed visible to the flesh.

The law of life!

One of the top healing laws!

No matter how severe the injury is, it can be recovered in an instant!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's injury recovered and reached his peak again!

"Damn!"

Seeing this scene, Yan Tianshen Zun was furious!

This is equivalent to saying that his side has no merit, but instead lost the angel of the day.

This little human thief is much more difficult than he expected!

"Master! Save Xiaobai!"

The black angel made an anxious reminder.

Hearing this, Yan Tianshen Zun hurriedly moved the seal and performed the secret technique!

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The next second, in front of Yan Tian Shenzun, a huge door of light rose up.

As soon as the door of light appeared, it exuded a heaven-shattering aura, which seemed sacred and solemn!

Looking at the gate of light, there is a mysterious long bridge vaguely!

Under the long bridge, the river is dim and the waves are surging!

Looking at Hanoi, there are countless corpses floating on it, and there are even more evil spirits, struggling in Hanoi, like drowning.

Looking at the two banks of the river, there are countless red strange flowers growing, which look like chrysanthemums, but the flowers have no leaves, and the leaves have no flowers!

The whole painting has 190 faces, which is very mysterious and weird!

Qin Feng is all too familiar with this scene.

That is the vocation skill of Judgment Supreme - the door of reincarnation!

Om~!

At this moment, Yan Tian Shenzun held another seal in his hand.

The gate of reincarnation lit up with a dazzling aura!

Immediately, it produced an infinite suction, sucking in all the white mist that was transformed by the divine envoy during the day, as well as the broken soul fragments.

Boom~Long~Long~!

The door of reincarnation, automatic operation!

In less than a second, a tall and stalwart figure came out of the gate of reincarnation, it was the angel of the day.

"Haha! Reborn! I am reborn!"

During the day, the angels were ecstatic!

Seeing this scene, Yan Tian Shenzun also breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he slowly raised his head and looked at Qin Feng with a defiant expression.

He wants Qin Feng to know that everything he has done is in vain!

On his side, there is no loss.

But when he looked at Qin Feng, he saw Qin Feng holding a seal, as if to activate a secret technique.

But without waiting for him to think, Qin Feng's skills have been completed!

Back in time!

Instant start!

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

That time skill was instantly blessed on the angel of the day!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

In the next second, the angel of the day was in full view of everyone, his body disintegrating inch by inch, turning into a white mist all over the sky.

Even his true spiritual light group automatically disintegrated and collapsed inch by inch!

In the white fog, he screamed in horror!

"Master! Save me! Quickly save me!"

In a blink of an eye, during the day, the divine envoy disintegrated and returned to nothingness.

In just an instant, he returned to the state he was a second ago, and disappeared again!

This scene made Yan Tian Shenzun and the black angels look dumbfounded!

The angel of the day is dead again!

Immediately, Yan Tian Shenzun responded.

He was shocked and angry: "It's time to go back!"

He never thought that Qin Feng also mastered the ability of time.

Thinking of this, Yan Tian Shenzun glared at Qin Feng angrily

Chapter 715 Killing the Universe! Soul lock seal!

"Little thief! I didn't expect you to control the time back!"

Yan Tian Shenzun gritted his teeth, and his eyes were full of anger.

Immediately, he sneered again: "However, the cooling time of this skill is too long, I see how you can stop the deity!"

As soon as the words fell, he started the seal again.

Om~!

In the next second, the gate of reincarnation once again lit up with a dazzling aura, and once again sucked in the white mist that was transformed by the divine envoy during the day, as well as the fragments of the soul body.

Boom~Long~Long~!

A burst of automatic operation!

During the day, the angel came out of the gate of reincarnation once again.

He is alive again!

Qin Feng was stunned!

Immediately, he wanted to understand.

The gate of reincarnation of the Intermediate Judgment Supreme has only one chance to revive the target.

The door of reincarnation of the Supreme Judgment Supreme has two chances to revive the target.

This Yan Tian Shen Zun is a high-level judgment supreme, and naturally he has two chances of resurrection.

It was at this moment that Yan Tian Shenzun saw the second resurrection of the divine envoy during the day, and he was relieved again.

Then, he looked at Qin Feng with a smug look on his face, and his eyes were full of ridicule.

He knew that Qin Feng could no longer use the time-lapse function, because the cooldown of that skill had not ended.

After the cooling time has passed, Qin Feng has no effect.