Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The void burst into countless cracks!

With just one palm, Qin Feng smashed Hei Tian's messenger, and even the true spirit was smashed on the spot!

Hei Tian Divine Envoy didn't even have time to let out a scream, and collapsed into a black fog on the spot!

Its combat power has dropped to 400 million stars, how can it resist Qin Feng's palm!

Bang~!

At the same time, the attacks of Yan Tian Shenzun and Corpse Puppet also collided!

At the moment when the attack collided with one person and one corpse, the Heitian divine envoy was destroyed, and the sacrifice of combat power was instantly destroyed!

Yan Tian Shenzun's combat power and momentum also plummeted to 1.1 billion stars in an instant!

A loud bang!

The corpse was smashed out by a chain, but the body did not collapse!

Yan Tianshen Zun was also shaken back hundreds of feet!

This round, he only has the upper hand!

What makes him angry is that the Dark Angel was killed!

Damn little thief!

He has mastered so many means, making him impossible to guard against!

However, he must quickly resurrect the Dark Angel!

According to the challenge rules of this level, after his servants fall, if they cannot be resurrected within 3 seconds, they will be judged to have fallen completely and cannot be resurrected again.

This is also a limitation of Heaven!

"." Damn it!"

With this in mind, Yan Tian Shenzun threw it at random, and shot the Soul Locking Chain towards Qin Feng.

huh~!

The soul-locking chain is full of spirituality, as if alive, it automatically flew to Qin Feng.

Afterwards, he started the seal formula and prepared to use the door of reincarnation.

At the same moment, Qin Feng also picked up a seal.

Time stands still! Instant start!

Om~!

In just a moment, time was still on Yan Tian Shenzun.

He was frozen in place, unable to move!

huh~!

At the same moment, the Soul Locking Chain also struck, wrapping around Qin Feng extremely flexibly.

Qin Feng was stunned and was about to remove the chains.

Om~!

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred in the field!Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The chain lit up with golden light, then disappeared eerily.

In the next breath, Qin Feng was horrified to find that the soul-locking chain appeared strangely in his sea of ​​consciousness and bound his soul.

Immediately afterwards, the monstrous sealing power spilled out from the soul-locking chain, and it was about to seal his soul system.

As soon as the soul body was imprisoned, Qin Feng couldn't move.

At this moment, both he and Yan Tian Shenzun were fixed in place!

Om~!

Then, mutation regeneration!

Qin Feng's soul body shines brightly and begins to impact the seal of the chain

Chapter 716 Kill the past! Does not exist!

At this moment, Qin Feng's knowledge is in the sea.

His soul body was tightly bound by a thick black soul chain!

One after another, the strong sealing force was released from the soul-locking chain, and it was forcibly cutting off the connection between the soul and the flesh.

As long as the connection is cut off, the soul body will not be able to control the physical body, and Qin Feng will naturally be unable to move.

Om~!

But just at this moment, Qin Feng's soul body shines brightly!

The monstrous soul power rushed towards those seal powers!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

A crackling crackling sound!

The sealing power of the Soul Locking Chain was shattered by every inch!

In fact, the soul lock chain can only seal the soul body below the middle stage of the main god.

Qin Feng's soul body has reached the peak level of the main god, how can it be sealed!

In fact, Yan Tian Shenzun didn't intend to seal Qin Feng's soul body, but just wanted to delay the time so as to rescue the Heitian angel.

It's just that he didn't expect that Qin Feng also mastered the time still and stopped him!

As a result, his plan completely failed!

This made Yan Tian Shenzun extremely angry and helpless!

Kacha~!

At this moment, there was a crisp sound!

The Soul Locking Chain finally couldn't bear Qin Feng's Soul Power Impact, and it shattered!

All the power of the seal dissipated!

Qin Feng got out of trouble!

The soul body regains control of the body!

Then, he looked at Yan Tian Shenzun.

Yan Tianshen Zun suddenly looked terrified.

The strength of this little thief's soul body is much stronger than he expected!

He originally hoped to be able to trap Qin Feng for a second or two, but he didn't expect to be trapped for even a second!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng took the initiative to kill Yan Tianshen Zun.

At the same time, the corpse puppet that had been blown away also rushed back and killed Yan Tian Shenzun.

In the blink of an eye, one person and one puppet came to the front.

It was at this moment that Yan Tianshen Zun got out of trouble as soon as the time stopped and the time limit passed.

Facing the attack of the two powerhouses, he couldn't help showing a trace of fear. 187

Through previous fights, he knew that Qin Feng's combat power was only about 1 billion stars, but his attack power was comparable to 1.1 billion stars, which was on par with him.

If you add a corpse puppet with a combat power of 1 billion stars, he is probably not an opponent!

It seems that he can't save Xiao Hei!

Yan Tian Shenzun glanced at the place where Hei Tian's envoy fell, with a helpless expression on his face.

Boom~! Boom~!

At this moment, Qin Feng and the corpse puppet killed, and at the same time attacked Yan Tian's envoy!

One person and one puppet join forces, and the momentum is connected!

The power of their joint strike is infinitely close to the 1.2 billion star level, which is extremely terrifying!

But at this moment, the mutation regenerates!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light, and Yan Tian Shenzun disappeared out of thin air!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

Qin Feng and the corpse puppet's attack suddenly failed!

That shocking attack slammed the whole world, trembling violently!

gone? !

Qin Feng was stunned!

At this moment, the giant altar below, a flash of white light, Yan Tian Shenzun appeared out of thin air.

This guy has returned to the altar!

I don't know if he was summoned back by the altar or teleported back by himself.

Om~!

At this moment, the altar shook and the aura burst forth!

In the next second, a layer of protective mask was raised around the altar, which was radiant and imposing!

Yan Tianshen Zun and "Book of Life and Death" are all under the protection of the protective mask.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was anxious!

So far, he has spent about 9 seconds in the fight, and only 6 seconds are left.

If he can't kill Yan Tian Shenzun within 6 seconds, he won't get the highest rating!

Therefore, he must kill Yan Tian Shenzun as soon as possible!

Swish~!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng rushed towards the mask!

The corpse puppet was under his control and followed closely behind.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng reached the top of the mask, raised his hand with a sword, and slashed towards the mask!

Bang~!

An earth-shattering bang!

The altar trembles!

The world is shaking!

That sword slashed **** the mask.

But the protective mask just trembled slightly and blocked the sword!

Qin Feng was stunned!

The protective power of this mask is so strong!

This time, the situation is not good!

If he can't break the protective mask, how can he kill Yan Tian Shenzun? !

What's more, if he wants to get the highest rating, that is to kill Yan Tian Shenzun within 6 seconds!

Now it seems, I'm afraid it can't be done!

At the same moment, Yan Tian Shenzun saw this scene, and his eyes showed ridicule.