Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

This protective altar is also one of his reliances!

To break the protection of his altar, the attack power must exceed 1.2 billion stars, and then there is hope.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Obviously, the little thief in front of him can't do it!

That being the case, it was his turn to fight back!

He wants to kill Qin Feng within three seconds!

And, he absolutely can!

With this in mind, Yan Tian Shenzun looked at Qin Feng coldly.

"Little thief! It's time for you to see the real killer of this deity!"

Hearing this, Qin Feng was stunned and couldn't help but aim at Yan Tian Shenzun.

Yan Tian Shenzun said again: "Boy, is your name Qin Feng?"

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to it, so he was ready to bombard the mask again!

Yan Tian Shenzun sneered: "It doesn't matter if you don't admit it! Since you killed one of the deity's messengers, the deity has learned your name from the reminder of heaven. As long as the deity knows the name, he will surely die!"

These words are mysterious and mysterious, and Qin Feng hears it in a fog.

But at this moment, he saw that Yan Tian Shenzun's eyes fell on the book of life and death, and the expression on his face was even more proud.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's face changed slightly.

He suddenly thought that in the myth of Longbi, the book of life and death can check people's names and manage life and death. Is it...

not good!

He has to stop now!

Qin Feng guessed right!

As long as Yan Tian Shenzun knows the name of the target, he can use the book of life and death to obliterate the target in one fell swoop!

Can be described as murder in the invisible!

Of course, another treasure is needed here!

Swish~!

At this moment, Qin Feng slashed with all his strength and slashed towards the mask again!

Boom~!

At the same moment, the corpse puppet blasted towards the mask at the same time!

One person and one puppet teamed up again, the momentum is shocking, and it is infinitely close to 1.2 billion stars!

Bang~! Bang~!

Two loud bangs!

The mask trembled violently, and the light dimmed.

But in the next breath, it will automatically recover as before, and there is no sign of breaking!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was very anxious!

The defensive power of this mask is far beyond his imagination!

"Haha! Little thief! Don't be in vain! Without a combat power of more than 1.2 billion stars, you can't break the protection of this mask!"

"However, even if you break through the 1.2 billion star combat power, you are too late! Let the deity send you on the road!"

As soon as the voice fell, the white light flashed in Yan Tianshenzun's hand, and there was one more magic pen!

That magic pen, with a red nib, thick and straight body, black throughout, engraved with the sun, moon, heaven and earth, six illusions, and extraordinary weather!

Qin Feng couldn't help but glance at it...

[The Judge's Pen: The pinnacle of high-grade gods, Yan Tianshen's natal artifact]

[Reminder: This pen needs to master the SSS-level law of destiny before it can be controlled]

Do you need to control the 'law of destiny' to control it?

Qin Feng was a little surprised!

The control difficulty of this artifact is also too high.

However, the more difficult the artifact, the more powerful it is!

At the same moment, Yan Tian Shenzun looked at the 'judge pen' in his hand and sighed.

Back then, in order to refine this 'judge pen', he did not hesitate to take the initiative to self-destruct and turn himself into a ghost cultivator, just to understand life and death, so as to fully understand the law of destiny!

Finally, he made it!

He realized the law of destiny and refined the judge's pen!

It's just that he didn't expect that without his physical body, he could no longer be promoted to Judgment Hongmeng Supreme.

It turned out that Yan Tian Shenzun had already reached the limit of high-level judgment supreme, and he was just one line away from being promoted to Hongmeng supreme!

To be promoted to Judgment Hongmeng Supreme, you need to realize the law of destiny!

This coincides with the requirements of refining the 'judge pen'!

It is precisely because of this that Yan Tian Shenzun did not hesitate to sacrifice his own body, self-destructed, and took the initiative to become a ghost cultivator.

As a result, he realized the law of destiny, but he could not be promoted to Judgment Hongmeng Supreme without a physical body.

Therefore, his wish to Tiandao was to let Tiandao help him restore his body and transform from a ghost cultivator to a normal practitioner.

In this way, he can be promoted to Judgment Hongmeng Supreme!

And the task that Tiandao gave him was to guard the fourth level and kill the players who came to challenge!

After waiting for so many years, he finally got a player, that is Qin Feng!

As long as he kills Qin Feng, Tiandao can fulfill his wish.

Thinking of this, Yan Tian Shenzun took a deep breath, took the judge's pen in his hand, and looked at the book of life and death in front of him.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At the same time, above his head, there was an earth-shattering sound of bombardment!

That's Qin Feng and the corpse puppet attacking the protective mask!

Yan Tian Shenzun ignored it, and didn't even bother to lift his eyelids.

In his opinion, Qin Feng can never break this protective mask!

What he has to do is to kill Qin Feng as soon as possible!

Thinking of this, Yan Tian Shenzun waved his hand, and the "Book of Life and Death" bloomed with golden light and slowly opened...

The Book of Life and Death is transformed from the pages of the Book of the Past, and it controls the number of humanity in the past.

He can find Qin Feng's past life from the "Book of Life and Death" through Qin Feng's name.

As long as you kill Qin Feng's past, you can instantly kill Qin Feng!

This is to kill you in the past, and make you not exist in this world!

Of course, if you want to kill Qin Feng in the past, you need to use the "law of destiny" and the judge's pen.

Om~!

At this moment, the judge's pen shines brightly!

Yan Tianshen Stele holds a magic pen, controls the power of destiny, and begins to write slowly on the "Book of Life and Death"...

Draw one by one!

Soon, a big 'Qin' character appeared on the page, bright red like blood!

As long as he finishes writing Qin Feng's name, "Book of Life and Death" can automatically find Qin Feng's past life...

At the same moment, Qin Feng witnessed this scene and was extremely anxious.

He and the corpse puppet have joined forces to bombard more than a dozen times, but they still can't break the mask. They can only watch Yan Tian Shenzun use his killer weapon, and he wants to be detrimental to him!

How to do?

He must come up with a solution as soon as possible!

In addition, there are only about 4 and a half seconds left in the 15 seconds.

If he can't solve Yan Tian Shenzun within 4 and a half seconds, he won't get a super evaluation!

It was at this moment that a mutation occurred!

huh~!

A dazzling golden light flew from the place where Hei Tian's envoy fell and poured directly into Qin Feng's body...

It turned out that the fall of the black angel had reached 3 seconds, exceeding the time limit for resurrection!

Tiandao decided that it could no longer be resurrected, and began to feed Qin Feng back the harvest...

In the next breath, Qin Feng's attribute points, energy value, and trial points began to soar wildly...

Chapter 717 Overpowering Fate! Back in time!

[You succeeded in killing the God of Darkness (the peak of the main god), and obtained +1.25 billion attributes]

[You succeeded in killing the God of Darkness (the peak of the main god), and obtained +13 trillion energy points]

[You succeeded in killing the Angel of the Black Sky (the peak of the main god), and obtained +14 points of gold judgment]

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 62 Judgment Supreme (Intermediate)]

【Your BMI increases by 2 points! 】

At this time, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light!

This time, he just upgraded his vocation!

However, ~ Qin Feng is already very satisfied.

Before he could think about it, another invisible force of luck came from the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword-

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Sword has swallowed all the luck of the God of Darkness, and you have gained 15 times of Qi-Luck]

Qin Feng's eyes are full of joy!

The increase in luck means that his combat power is improved!

This is very helpful for him to break through the protective mask!

Having said that, when he killed the angel of the day, he also absorbed 15 times the luck value.

Now, his luck value has reached 260 times, which has greatly improved his strength!

However, now is not the time to think about this, he has to break through the protective cover quickly and destroy Yan Tian Shenzun!

correct!

Yan Tianshen Zun inadvertently revealed before that only if the combat power exceeds 1.2 billion stars, there is hope to break this protective cover!

With his current combat power, even if his luck improves, it will not reach 1.2 billion!

what should I do now?

correct!

He killed the black and white angels and gained a lot of attribute points!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he quickly opened the panel...

[Free attribute]: 2.5 billion points

So much!

Qin Feng was overjoyed and hurriedly started adding some...

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

At the same moment, the corpse puppet was still bombarding the mask frantically!