Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Brothers, the people from District 9321 have already won the first place!"

"Hey! There is one less place in the top ten! I'm so worried that Qin Feng will not be able to enter the top ten!"

"Yeah! Qin Feng's challenge is twice as difficult as others. Heaven's way is too unfair to him."

"Upstairs, luck and misfortune depend on each other! Although Boss Qin Feng faces great difficulties, as long as he gets into the top ten, he will get twice as much benefits as others."

"I'm worried about another problem now. The resentment that Boss Qin Feng faces will be more difficult to deal with than others. He won't have an accident, will he?"

"Yeah! No matter what the grudge is, it's still a boss-level old monster. When you hear its name, it makes people feel terrible."

"Uuuu! Stop analyzing. The more you analyze, the more worried I will be. I'm so afraid that something will happen to the boss of Qin Feng!"

"Don't worry, the girl upstairs! Boss Qin Feng is very strong! I believe that even if he can't beat him, he can still get out."

"That's right! Boss Qin Feng will be fine. He will also be in the top ten."

Just then, Liu Yuan jumped out again.

Liu Yuan: "Everyone, after my rational analysis. As long as the Boss Qin Feng gets the tenth place, his gold content can be better than the first place."

When these words fell, everyone was shocked.

"Boss Liu Yuan, is it so exaggerated?"

"Yeah! Boss Qin Feng won the tenth place, is it really worth more than the first place?"

Liu Yuan: "Haha! Do you think the double reward given by Tiandao is so easy to get? You must show the ability to be better than the first place to be worthy of the double reward!"

Wu Yong: "Hey! It makes sense! Liu Yuan, you did a good analysis this time!"

Lei Jue: "Yes! Why didn't I think of it?"

Liu Yuan: "That's the point. Since Boss Qin Feng won the tenth place, his gold content is higher than that of the first place, and he also reacted from the side, the grudge he faced will be extremely terrifying! I Worrying, he is not the opponent of that resentful demon! Hey!"

Wu Yong: "Liu Yuan, you are starting to talk nonsense again."

Liu Yuan: "Old Wu, I am analyzing rationally, not talking nonsense. You must know that Qin Feng's challenge is twice as difficult as others! Don't underestimate twice the difficulty!"

Liu Yuan: "Perhaps, Boss Qin Feng didn't have the chance to enter the top ten this time, and he might not even be the opponent of the resentful demon."

As soon as these words fell, everyone began to feel uneasy.

"Boss Liu Yuan, it's not really like this, is it?"

"Hey! Mr. Liu Yuan, I'm so worried about your analysis!"

"Woo! Little sister is afraid that something will happen to Mr. Qin Feng."

At this moment, everyone is worried about gain and loss.

At the same moment, in that square.

Qin Feng is having the fiercest battle with the resentful demon.

Both sides killed earth-shatteringly.

Not long after, there was a roar in the field.

Resentful Demon's right knee was also cut off.

Bang~!

The resentful demon finally stood unsteadily, and fell to his knees, shaking the ground. .

Just as it knelt down, it stretched out its palms.

One palm slapped Qin Feng's phantom clone, and the other slapped Qin Feng to the point where he vomited blood and flew out.

Thump~!

Qin Feng fell to the ground and fell dizzy.

The emperor-level monster is really powerful!

The next second, he got up quickly, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and performed the rejuvenation technique.

hum~!

In the blink of an eye, his wounds healed.

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Reminder: In area 1229, the players from village 877 successfully killed the grudge and won the second place. 】

Fuck it~!

One less spot in the top ten.

Qin Feng was in a hurry, and summoned the phantom clone again to kill the resentful demon together.

roar~! roar~! roar~!

The resentful demon exclaimed constantly, and the two sides fought again.

This time, the resentful demon's legs were abolished, and his strength plummeted.

In just a moment, Qin Feng had the upper hand.

After the two sides fought for a quarter of an hour, there was another roar from the field.

The Wraith's right arm hangs down feebly.

It turned out that its left armpit was also not covered with armor.

That is also a flaw in it.

It's just that the flaw was hidden too secretly, and Qin Feng wasted the power of nine bulls and two tigers to break through the flaw and abolish the left arm of the resentful demon.

At this point, both legs and arms of the resentful demon were crippled, and his strength plummeted again.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: In District 331, the players from Village No. 7 successfully killed the grudge and won the third place. 】

Fuck it~!

So soon someone has made it!

There are only seven spots left in the top ten.

Qin Feng became more and more anxious, and killed the resentful demon again.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

The killing on the field was earth-shattering.

At this moment, Qin Feng has the upper hand. ,

The Resentful Demon is struggling to support it entirely by relying on its powerful defensive power.

This time, only two minutes passed, and there was a roar of resentment in the field.

Its right arm was also abolished!

At this point, the limbs of the resentful demon have been abolished, and there is no more resistance, and can only be slaughtered by others.

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He finally saw hope of winning.

Immediately, he rushed over, facing the heart of the resentful demon, and kept slashing wildly.

He believed that under the superposition of countless attacks, he would be able to break the armor of the resentful demon and kill the resentful demon.

It's all just a matter of time!

Boom~! Boom~! Boom~!

When~! When~! When~!

At the moment, the sound of attacks on the field is endless.

It was also mixed with the roar of the resentful demon!

At the same moment, in the chat channel.

Everyone went crazy.

"Oh my god! Another person has entered the top ten!"

"Hey! There are only seven places left!"

"It's really frustrating!"

"Strange! No one has been able to break the level for half a day. How come since the first level is broken, the 2.7 levels have been broken one after the other, and the time interval is getting shorter and shorter."

"Upstairs, this shows that there is not much difference in strength between the top masters, so the results are so close."

"Aiya! Having said that, the situation of Qin Feng's boss is not good!"

"I'm afraid Liu Yuan's analysis is correct, and the chance of Qin Feng's boss entering the top ten is slim."

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Reminder: In area 1171, the players from village 622 successfully killed the grudge and won the fourth place. 】

Gosh!

The fourth place has appeared again!

Qin Feng's chances are smaller.

Everyone's eyes were red.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Task reminder: Qin Feng, a novice, succeeded in killing the resentful demon. District 1, Village 911, won the fifth place. 】

Boom~!

The entire chat channel fell silent in an instant.

But in the next second, there was an earth-shattering cheer in the chat channel.

Chapter 90 Novice Emperor

At this moment, there was an earth-shattering cheer in the chat channel.

"Haha! Passed the level! Passed the level! Boss Qin Feng passed the level!"

"That's great! That's great!"

"Woooo~~ I'm so happy! I want to cry!"

"Yeah! My heart has been hanging for a long time, and I can finally relax."

"Haha! I'll just say it! Boss Qin Feng will definitely be in the top ten!"

"When did Boss Qin Feng let us down?"

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again.

[Congratulations to Village 911, District 1, for becoming the top ten villagers in the Blue Star Realm, and you can get the top ten special rewards. 】

[Reward content: After the village is officially established in 911 Village, the initial attributes will increase by 100%. 】

[The difficulty of the 911 village task was detected and doubled, so the reward was doubled. 】

[The reward content has been changed to: After the village is officially established in 911 Village, the initial attribute will increase by 200%. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, the audience erupted in shocking cheers again.

"Haha! That's awesome! It's awesome!"

"Excited! So excited! Our 911 village has finally become the Blue Star Realm, one of the top ten villages."

"No! We are better than the top ten! 06 Because the rewards we get are doubled!"

"That's right! The initial attribute reward we get is twice that of the other top ten villages!"

"Cool! This is so cool!"Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m