Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

He is constantly consuming the protective energy of the mask.

At the same time, Yan Tian Shenzun has begun to write the second word...

Under his control, the judge pen was writing stroke by stroke.

Soon, another big word 'wind' appeared on the page, still bright red like blood!

So far, the words 'Qin' and 'Wind' have been written!

Om~!

As soon as the two words appear, the golden light will be released!

The whole book of life and death lit up with dazzling light!

Yan Tian Shenzun was so excited that his old face turned red!

He knew that the Book of Life and Death was going to search for Qin Feng's past life...

At the same time, Qin Feng just finished adding points, and his basic combat power soared to 854 million stars.

Under the blessing of Faxiang Tiandi, his comprehensive combat power has increased even more, reaching 1.11 billion stars, which is even stronger than Yan Tian Shenzun!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

Swish~!

In the next breath, he slashed with all his strength and slashed towards the mask ahead!

Om~!

At that moment, he activated the power of chaos!

Suddenly, the body of the sword shines brightly, its power skyrockets, and it is close to 1.15 billion stars in a blink of an eye!

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, there was another layer of looming white light on the body of the sword!

That is the blessing of the power of luck!

Today, Qin Feng's luck value has reached 260 times, and with the blessing of "Book of the Present World", that is 280 times!

Under the blessing of 280 times of luck, the power of that sword skyrocketed again, and in a blink of an eye, it was infinitely close to 1.2 billion stars!

Boom~!

At the same time, under the control of Qin Feng, the corpse puppet slammed into the mask with all his strength!

That 1 billion star boxing power is earth-shattering!

In just an instant, a sword and a punch, the momentum is connected, and the comprehensive power suddenly exceeds the 1.2 billion star line!

Om~!

At the same moment, the book of life and death was completely activated!

On the page, the light flashes!

Illusions appear frequently!

People with the same name and surname as 'Qin Feng' have emerged one after another...

Under the pull of the force of fate, Yan Tian Shenzun quickly found the real target and saw Qin Feng's past life...

His eyes lit up with excitement!

"Hey! This is... Longbiren! Could it be..."

At that moment, Yan Tian Shenzun saw Qin Feng's past life, and his eyes were full of astonishment...

He seemed to have thought of something, and there was a hint of hesitation in his eyes!

But in the next breath, his eyes turned cold!

Since he is from Longbi, he should accept his test even more!

If you can't pass this level, let alone the future, it's better to eliminate it as soon as possible!

Thinking of this, he locked Qin Feng's past life!

The word 'Qin Feng' is immediately connected with Qin Feng's breath!

At this moment, Qin Feng and Zombie's attack fell!

One sword and one punch!

Bombarded at the same point!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

The world is shaking!

The altar shook violently!

Click~!

The protective mask even made a soft sound!

Yan Tian Shenzun was shocked, and suddenly raised his head, he saw that a crack had appeared on the mask above his head!

Gosh!

This kid's attack power has reached more than 1.2 billion stars!

Yan Tianshen's eyes are full of unbelievable colors!

not good!

He has to act quickly to kill this little thief!

Otherwise, once the mask is broken, he will be in danger!

Yan Tian Shenzun reacted instantly, and immediately held the judge's pen and crossed the word 'Qin Feng'!

As long as he puts a 'cross' on his name, he can eliminate the past in one stroke and kill Qin Feng!

Beyond the mask!

Qin Feng was very anxious when he saw this scene!

He knew what Yan Tian Shenzun was going to do, but the mask in front of him had not been broken, and he couldn't stop it if he wanted to.

Not only that, but 12 seconds have passed!

He wants to kill Yan Tian Shenzun and get a super evaluation, and there are only the last three seconds left.

Swish~!

Thinking of this, he swung his sword out again, slashing towards the crack of the mask!

Boom~!

The corpse puppet also punched at the same time!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng and Zombie Puppet launched several violent attacks in a row!

The earth-shattering bombardment continued!

The whole world has been shaking violently!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Above the mask, there are more and more cracks and more and more dense!

At the same moment, Yan Tian Shenzun swiped the magic pen in his hand, and on the tip of the pen, the red light was released, and the power of destiny was pushed to the extreme!

Swish~! Swish~!

Pen shadows flash!

He hit a big bright red 'fork' directly on top of the word 'Qin Feng'!

Om~!

Suddenly, the power of destiny was fully activated!

The big red 'fork' also lit up with a dazzling red light!

Kacha~!

At this moment, a shocking sound was heard!

The mask shattered with a bang!

Qin Feng finally broke the altar defense!

Poof~!

But at the same moment, the name 'Qin Feng' on the book of life and death was originally a golden light, but at this moment it suddenly dimmed!

Like the fire of life, it goes out in an instant!

That bright red name turned into a dull gray in an instant!

The Humane Skills of the Book of Life and Death! Fully activated!

Om~!

There was an earthquake!

Then a huge black beam of light fell from the sky and fell on Qin Feng in an instant, completely shrouding it and making him invisible to the outside world.

Immediately afterwards, the infinite power of the heavenly way rushed directly into Qin Feng's body!

In the next breath, within the black beam of light, Qin Feng's shrill screams were heard!

In the book of life and death, his name has become gray!

Past lives have been erased!

At this moment, he is being killed by Heavenly Dao, the breath of his body is rapidly weakening, and he will soon disappear from the world!

Seeing this scene, Yan Tian Shenzun couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief!

It's really scary!

Almost lost it!

The strength of this little thief is more terrifying than he imagined!

However, in the end he still won!

Thinking of this, Yan Tianshenzun's mouth was slightly upturned, revealing a smug smile.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

In less than a second, Qin Feng's screams disappeared in the black beam of light!

Yan Tian Shenzun couldn't sense Qin Feng's breath anymore.

He breathed a sigh of relief again, secretly thinking that this kid should have been wiped out.

Om~!

At this moment, the huge black beam of light was retracted by Heavenly Dao, and the scene in the field reappeared!

"Hey! This is..."

Yan Tian Shenzun was stunned.

I saw that Qin Feng was still present where the beam of light had been shrouded before, and did not completely disappear.

However, his state is very strange, he has no physical body, no spiritual power, and even no breath.

Its whole person is translucent, wrapped in a milky white light, like a strange ghost.

This scene made Yan Tian Shenzun look dumbfounded!

He didn't understand why Qin Feng had not disappeared? !

It turns out that Qin Feng is the master of primary destiny, and he is above destiny.

Therefore, he was not wiped out by the Heavenly Dao, and he still had all the power of luck and extremely weak soul power.

This is completely beyond the understanding of Yan Tian Shenzun!