Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Damn! It's not dead! Then let the deity give you another ride!"

Yan Tian Shenzun reacted quickly.

As soon as the words fell, he dodged and slaughtered towards Qin Feng.

At this moment, Qin Feng was so weak that he didn't even have a trace of spiritual power.

I'm afraid that even the most ordinary heaven-level realm can easily kill him!

What's more, it is a superpower like Yan Tian Shenzun!

Seeing Yan Tian Shenzun attacking, Qin Feng, who was extremely weak, couldn't help but panic.

He wanted to stop it, but he didn't have the strength.

Even, he couldn't even use various skills such as time still, because the cooling time has not ended.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, Yan Tian Shenzun came to the front, and slapped Qin Feng with one palm!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

With that palm shot, the sky and the earth cracked, the void shattered, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

Lock Qin Feng directly!

As long as he takes this palm, Qin Feng will be completely killed.

He also completely won this level!

Seeing, that palm is about to fall!

At this extremely critical moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

I saw Qin Feng hand up a seal, and the whole body was full of white light!

280 times the power of luck, all activated by him!

Om~!

The next breath, the time and space skills are activated!

Back in time!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

In just a moment, the entire world, the timeline of everything, went backwards.

Yan Tian Shenzun was horrified to find that he could not help but retract his attack and retreated automatically.

In the blink of an eye, the whole world went back a second, before the mask shattered.

This reversal, Qin Feng instantly recovered to the peak!

And Yan Tian Shenzun held the judge's pen and stood in the altar with a confused look.

He still didn't know what was going on.

Even, he only drew the first stroke of 'fork' on Qin Feng's name, and was about to draw the second stroke.

But this sudden change made him hesitate for a moment.

But with this hesitation, he missed the best fighter!

Kacha~!

The mask is broken!

Yan Tian Shenzun woke up, thinking that it was not good, he was about to write!

But this time, he was too late... Enter.

Chapter 718 Kill Yan Tian! The spirit of creation!

Just when Yan Tian Shenzun was about to write, Qin Feng instantly sacrificed a **** page, which was the middle page of the "Book of the Future".

Om~!

In just an instant, the middle page of "Book of the Future" was enlightened, causing the earth to tremble.

In the next breath, an extremely holy white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on the head of Yan Tian Shenzun.

As soon as he was enveloped by the beam of light, scenes of the future he longed for appeared in Yan Tian Shenzun's mind.

At that moment, he was lost in his longing for the future, his eyes became a little confused, and the movements in his hands naturally stopped.

Swish~!

While you are sick! kill you!

At this moment, Qin Feng teleported to the back of Yan Tian Shenzun.

At the same moment, he summoned another space and also summoned the corpse to his side.

Boom~!

At this moment, Yan Tian Shenzun instantly broke free from the control of the middle page of "The Book of the Future".

His soul power is stronger than that of Jin Ao.

The middle page of "The Book of the Future" manipulated him for less than half a second.

When he was sober, Yan Tian Shenzun sensed that Qin Feng and the corpse puppet had appeared behind him.

It was too late for him to dodge!

However, he did not intend to dodge!

Om~!

With just a thought, the nib of Yan Tian Shenzun's hand lit up with a dazzling red light.

The power of destiny was pushed to the limit by him!

In the next breath, he crossed out the word 'Qin Feng'!

As long as he completes the second stroke, he can instantly kill Qin Feng!

That being the case, why should he avoid it!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was in a hurry.

If he is obliterated by the "Book of Life and Death" again, there will be no chance for him to be resurrected again.

His time back and time and space are all in a cooling state.

Swish~!

With this thought in mind, Qin Feng slashed at the back of Yan Tian Shenzun with all his strength.

Boom~!

Under his control, the corpse puppet also punched the back of Yan Tian Shenzun with all his strength!

One sword and one punch, join forces again, bombarding the same point!

Only a second and a half left!

Qin Feng wants to kill Yan Tianshen Zun in one second and a half, and strive to get a super evaluation!

Om~!

At that moment, the divine sword radiated light!

The power is pushed to the extreme!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the sword wind and fist wind pass, everything will be destroyed, and the power will destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

Hearing the huge movement behind him, Yan Tian Shenzun was also sweating coldly on his forehead.

However, he remained unmoved, and continued to make a second stroke on Qin Feng's name.

At this moment, he is also gambling!

He bet that he could be faster than Qin Feng's and activate the Humane Skill Attack of "Book of Life and Death"!

In addition, he has another fluke.

That is, he can hold the joint blow of Qin Feng and Zombie!

As long as he doesn't die in one hit, he can take this risk entirely.

Besides, his combat power has reached 1.1 billion stars, which is not much different than Qin Feng.

He firmly believed that Qin Feng and Zombie Puppet teamed up, and absolutely did not have the ability to kill him in seconds!

Since it won't be killed in seconds, it's worth taking a risk!

Om~!

At this moment, the tip of his pen lit up with a dazzling red light, containing the power of terrifying destiny!

With the rapid movement of the pen barrel, the second stroke of the big 'fork' is quickly completed!

But just when he completed 90%, Qin Feng and the corpse puppet's attack fell together!

At that moment, Yan Tian Shenzun sensed a great crisis.

He hurriedly thought about it, and his whole body burst into aura, and his defense power was raised to the extreme.

He's going to take this blow!

Bang~!

A loud bang!

Ah~~!

Yan Tian Shenzun roared miserably!

His spiritual body was suddenly blasted and turned into a haze of ghosts in the sky!

Until this moment, he was horrified to discover that Qin Feng's attack actually contained the S-level Soul Dao Law.

That is the nemesis of ghost repair!

In other words, the attack that contains the law of the soul will increase the damage to the ghost repair!

So far, Qin Feng has attacked Yan Tian Shenzun for the first time.

When killing the angel of the day, the divine envoy Yan Tian and the divine envoy Hei Tian attacked Qin Feng, but Qin Feng just relied on the flesh and passively defended.

When killing the God of Heitian, Qin Feng only targeted and attacked the God of Heitian, and the corpse puppet helped him resist Yan Tianshen's attack.

In addition, Qin Feng only used time skills on Yan Tian Shenzun a few times.

It was only this time that he hit Yan Tian Shen Zun, so that he could truly feel his terrifying combat power!

Of course, Yan Tian Shenzun was only bombarded with his spiritual body, but did not fall.

At this time, in the ghost fog, a golden light group burst into the sky with golden light!

That is the true spirit of Yan Tian Shenzun, and the breath is extremely strong!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the disintegrating ghost fog quickly gathered towards the golden light group!

Yan Tian Shenzun wants to be resurrected!

really!

This guy is not that easy to kill!

Qin Feng was extremely anxious!

He only has the last half a second left!

huh~!

In just a split second, the center of his eyebrows suddenly opened, and the God Punishment Pupils spurted out a holy light of Heavenly Punishment, blazing towards the light group!

Poof~!

A soft sound!