Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The divine light of punishment penetrated the light group!

There was a large transparent hole in the center of the light group, and there was a scream of Yan Tian Shenzun!

However, the light group still did not collapse!

In the next breath, it will wriggle and repair itself, and countless ghost mists continue to gather towards it.

The true spirit of Yan Tian Shenzun is much more powerful than the black and white gods, and he is indestructible with a single blow!

You must know that the Holy Light of Heaven's Punishment is the nemesis of all souls and spirits!

Seeing this, Qin Feng was in a hurry.

It was too late for him to send out the second divine light of punishment!

It seems that this time it will take more than 15 seconds, so I won't be able to get a super evaluation!

But this idea came to me, and the corpse was full of anger!

The corpse puppet's palm fell, just above the light group!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The light group shattered instantly and turned into a sky full of starlight!

"This deity is unwilling!"

Yan Tian Shenzun's scream!

Echoing in the void!

So far, Yan Tian Shenzun has been completely destroyed!

Qin Feng looked at the corpse puppet with surprise.

This guy is getting more and more spiritual!

It actually completed the final blow at the critical moment, so that the kill time did not exceed 15 seconds.

In this way, he is expected to get a super rating.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, secretly exclaiming fortunate!

Of course, whether he has received a super evaluation or not, he still has to wait for Tiandao's notice.

After all, the time he calculated was just an estimate in his heart, and it was not necessarily accurate.

At this moment, the ghost fog that filled the sky began to turn into starlight and dissipated everywhere!

Even the judge's pen was cracked inch by inch, turned into starlight, and dissipated automatically.

On the contrary, the book of life and death was still suspended in place, without any movement.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng thought a little.

It seems that the natal artifact will disappear with the fall of the guardian demon.

Just like the mourning stick of the angel of the day, and the chain of the soul of the angel of the black day.

This is also a kind of protection of heaven for them!

After all, they are guarding here to carry out the mission of Heaven.

Even if they fall, Heavenly Dao will resurrect them and will not let them lose everything.

Just like Jin Ao's tortoise shell, Tiandao didn't let Qin Feng move it away.

However, this time the harvest is great!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes fell on the "Book of Life and Death".

That was one of the treasures he wanted!

huh~!

At this moment, where Yan Tian Shenzun fell, a dazzling golden light flew into his body...

[You successfully killed Yan Tianshen Zun (the peak of the main god) and obtained +2 billion attributes]

[You successfully killed Yan Tianshen Zun (the peak of the main god) and obtained +19 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed Yan Tianshen Zun (the peak of the main god) and obtained +2 gold judgment points]

【Your level is promoted to level 78】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 63 Judgment Supreme (Intermediate)]

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Luck Divine Sword has swallowed all the luck of Yan Tianshen Zun, and you have obtained 20 times the luck value]

...

At this moment, Qin Feng's rank and vocation have been simultaneously upgraded again.

He gained another 2 billion attribute points, and his own luck value reached 280 times!

These are huge gains!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

At this moment, the void shook, and a reminder came from Tiandao...

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who killed Yan Tian Shenzun and his messenger, it took less than 1 second]

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who won the super evaluation reward]

[Reward player Qin Feng, Shenwu points 14 points! 】

[Reward player Qin Feng, eight times the reward for passing the level]

【The rewards for this level are as follows】

[Reward players with 5 times the luck value! 】

[Reward players with 3 Daogu Dan (middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 3 Shenmai Pills (middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward the source of the divine power of the 2 groups of players (the peak of the middle-grade divine order)]

[Reward the source of soul power of the 2nd team (the peak of the middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 2 drops of golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level)]

[Reward the player with a group of good luck (the peak of the high-grade gods, cannot be doubled)]

…

[After eight times, the changes are as follows]

[Reward players with 40 times the luck value! 】

[Reward the contestant with 24 Daogu Dan (middle grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 24 Shenmai Pills (middle-grade gods)]

[Reward players 16 groups of sources of divine power (the peak of the middle-level gods)]

[Reward the source of soul power of 16 groups of players (the peak of the middle-level god-level)]

[Reward players with 16 drops of golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level)]

[Reward the player with a group of good luck (the peak of the high-grade gods, cannot be doubled)]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng was full of surprises!

Super rated 3.1 bonus!

Rich as always!

However, he was very curious, what kind of treasure is the spirit of creation at the peak of the high-grade god-level, and it can't be doubled!

Just then, the sky shook!

The beams of light of rewards fell one after another!

Qin Feng happily accepted the reward...

After a while, he received the reward, his own luck value reached 320 times, and the Shenwu points also reached 4255 points.

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

He has put away the rest of the rewards!

A white light group was left alone, suspended in front of him, exuding an extraordinary aura...

[The Qi of Creation (primary): the peak of the high-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

[Reminder: Integrating this qi into high-grade god-level treasures can make it promoted to the peak level of high-grade god-level]

The spirit of creation is amazing!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Just a rudimentary qi of good fortune can make high-grade god-level treasures advance!

Qin Feng was amazed!

Today, the Book of the World, the Heaven-suppressing Divine Wing, and the three Spirit Eggs in his hands belong to the high-grade **** class and can be used for promotion.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put away his good fortune.

correct!

The book of life and death was transformed from the pages of the past books, why did it reach the peak level of the high-grade gods?

What secrets are hidden here?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the book of life and death

Chapter 719 Nine Yin Qi! Destiny to return!

Swish~!

The next second, Qin Feng dodged and came to the "Book of Life and Death".

[Book of Life and Death: The Peak of the High-Grade Divine Rank, the Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Reminder: This object is transformed from the middle page of "Book of the Past"]

Life and death book!

Now it's his!

Qin Feng picked up the "Book of Life and Death" and flipped through it casually.

"Hey! This is"

As soon as he opened it, he spied some new information

[The evolution progress of "Book of Life and Death: 970/1]

[Reminder: When the Destiny Point obtained from "Book of Life and Death" reaches 1 point, you can automatically advance to the limit level of the high-grade god-level]

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing a sudden look.

No wonder the rank of "Book of Life and Death" is so high, it turned out to have absorbed enough Life Points.

His "Book of the Present World" can also be advanced by absorbing destiny.

This should be the characteristic of the Three Worlds Divine Book!

At present, the evolution progress of his "Book of the Present World" has only reached '1/1'.

As long as the "Book of the World" absorbs another 9 points of destiny, it can automatically be promoted to the peak of the high-grade **** rank.

Having said that, Qin Feng is still a little confused about how to increase the Destiny Value, and he doesn't understand it thoroughly enough.

A lot of things, he has to personally practice, to know.

In short, he can figure out why the "Book of Life and Death" is of high grade.

such a pity!

With the "Book of Life and Death" alone and without the judge's pen, it would be difficult for him to display Yan Tianshenzun's humanitarian skills.

Of course, even if he had the judge's pen, he couldn't use it.