Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After all, he hasn't mastered the SSS-level law of destiny.

In other words, this "Book of Life and Death" is of no use to him for the time being.

19 Of course, if he studies it, it may be of some magical use.

"By the way! Can I transfer some of the Destiny Points from "Book of Life and Death" to "Book of the Present World"?"

"It's enough to transfer 9 points! In this way, "Book of Life and Death" is still at the peak of the top-grade god-rank, but "Book of the World" can be promoted to the top of the top-rank god-rank!"Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and the more he thought about it, the more feasible he felt.

If this method is used, the "Book of the Present World" can be promoted successfully.

That group of good fortune qi can be used to promote Zhentian Divine Wing.

As for the three spirit eggs of Houtu, Zhurong, and Gonggong, it is completely possible to wait for his bloodline talent to be promoted, and then use his blood essence to feed him for promotion.

His current bloodline talent has reached 99.37%, and he can be promoted by the first line.

What's even better is that this time he got 16 drops of golden dragon blood (high-grade **** rank), which can completely upgrade his bloodline talent to one level.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that the plan was perfect, so he happily put away the "Book of Life and Death".

Then, he looked around again to see if there were any treasures missing.

I saw that this world of life and death was barren, with gloomy surroundings, and it seemed that there were no treasures.

In the whole world, only the altar under his feet remains.

When he thought of the altar, Qin Feng couldn't help but looked down.

At this time, the altar was full of cracks, and the two rune arrays were even broken.

The moment Qin Feng broke through the protective cover of the altar, the altar was damaged.

Having said that, the protection of this altar is really strong!

If Qin Feng had not improved his strength at the last critical moment, and corpse puppets had come to help, he would not have been able to break this altar.

However, although this altar was broken, it still exudes an extremely gloomy chill.

Even if Qin Feng exists, he can still feel the cold chill.

His heart moved, and he couldn't help but spy on the altar.

[Nine secluded soul raising altar: the peak of high-grade gods, has been damaged]

[Reminder: This array cannot be moved]

Sure enough, it is the altar of the peak of the high-grade gods, but it cannot be moved.

Obviously Tiandao wants to leave Yan Tianshen Zun.

It can be seen that it is very difficult to create this altar!

However, Qin Feng didn't feel any pity.

This time, he has already made a lot of money.

what! correct!

This altar is called the 'Nine Serenity Raising Soul Altar', which shows that its main function is not for defense, but for cultivating the soul body, which is very helpful to ghost cultivators!

So

Qin Feng's heart moved, he squatted down quickly, and pressed one hand on the altar.

In the next second, a white light lit up in his palm

【Endless extraction success! You extracted a mass of 'Nine Yin Qi' from the 'Nine Nether Soul Raising Altar']

Qin Feng turned his palm over, and there was an extra green air mass in his palm, exuding an astonishing cold breath.

[The Qi of Nine Yin: The Peak of the High-Grade Divine Rank, the Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Reminder: This aura can be used to nourish all spiritual bodies and soul bodies, and has a strong repairing effect on broken soul bodies]

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise.

He didn't expect that from the altar, he could get a group of heaven and earth wonders, still at the peak level of the high-grade gods!

What a surprise!

What makes him even more happy is that this 'Nine Yin Qi' is of great help to the cultivation of the broken soul.

He can be used to repair the soul of the corpse puppet.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily looked at the corpse puppet on the side.

Now, only 60% of the corpse's soul body has been repaired, and the combat power has reached 1 billion stars.

If the soul body of the corpse is repaired to more than 70%, its combat power will definitely be greatly improved, and it will be of great help to him.

With this in mind, Qin Feng continued to extract

【Endless extraction success! You extracted a mass of 'Nine Yin Qi' from the 'Nine Nether Soul Raising Altar'...]

【Endless extraction failed! The Qi of Nine Yin in the ‘Nine Nether Soul Raising Altar’ has been absorbed by you.】

A total of two groups of 'Nine Yin Qi' have been obtained. I wonder if the soul body of the corpse can be repaired to more than 80%?

If it can reach more than 80%, the combat power of the corpse is unimaginable.

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations!

Then, he happily put away the 'Nine Yin Qi'.

When he looked at Jiuyou Soul Cultivation Altar again, he found that its spiritual light was dim, and there was no more cold air.

Obviously, the Qi of Nine Yin is the energy source of this altar!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[After 3 seconds, the player will be sent back to the main hall]

[After the player rests for 10 minutes, the last challenge will be opened (no superior)]

[Reminder: At the end of each level, players have a 10-minute rest time]

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng quickly waved his hand and retracted the corpse into the zero-dimensional space.

After a while, he turned into a white light and disappeared into the world of life and death.

After Qin Feng left, white light flashed in the field!

Yan Tian Shen Zun, Hei Tian Shen Envoy, and Bai Tian Shen Envoy were resurrected one after another.

The three looked at the dim altar in front of them, and their expressions changed slightly.

Immediately, the Hei Tian Divine Envoy quickly stepped forward to check.

After a while, he looked at Yan Tian Shenzun in disbelief.

"Master, the 'Nine Yin Qi' in this altar has been extracted cleanly!"

"what?!"

As soon as these words fell, Yan Tian Shenzun and the daytime divine envoys all exclaimed!

Immediately, Yan Tian Shenzun frowned: "This nine yin qi has been integrated with the altar, and it is ten times harder to extract the nine yin qi from it than to break the protective mask of this altar!"

During the day, the envoy also nodded: "Yeah! Don't talk about the peak of the main god, even if it is the ultimate power of the main god, that can't be done! Master, is this what that little thief drew?"

Yan Tianshenzun smiled bitterly: "If it wasn't for him, who else could it be?"

"This"

The black and white gods looked at each other, and the two of them once again showed incredible expressions.

Qin Feng's method is too incredible.

Naturally, they don't know that Qin Feng has a special SSS talent, which is endless extraction.

For others, it is extremely difficult to extract the 'Nine Yin Qi'.

But for Qin Feng, it was easy.

"Master, what is the origin of that little thief? It only took him a dozen seconds before and after to kill the three of us, and he also took away the Qi of Nine Yin. Could it be that he already has the ultimate strength of the Lord God?"

During the day, the angel couldn't help but ask.

Yan Tian Shenzun shook his head slightly: "The ultimate combat power of the main **** is between 1.2 billion and 2 billion. That guy's real comprehensive combat power has not yet reached 1.2 billion. However, he has a lot of hands, and his attack power is stronger than that of the same level. ."

"Anyway, that kid is the most enchanting genius I have ever seen in this life. The rest of the enchanting geniuses are not even one percent as good as him."

As soon as these words fell, the black and white gods all nodded.

The three of them gave Qin Feng a very high evaluation.

But then, the angel of the day said angrily and indignantly: "Even so, that kid also hurt us badly! He not only stole the "Book of Life and Death", but also took away the two groups of nine yin qi."

The Angel of the Black Heaven was also unhappy: "Yeah! Losing 730 like this makes people feel resentful!"

Yan Tian Shenzun took a deep breath: "Do you two know what his origins are?"

"Master, what's his origin?"

The black angel asked curiously.

Yan Tian Shenzun looked into the distance: "He is from another universe, Long Bi!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the black and white divine envoy was shocked.

Immediately, Hei Tian's envoy said in shock: "Master, is that kid the one predicted by Tian Zun, the one who is destined for my 'judgment of God's Domain'?"

Yan Tian Shenzun took a deep breath: "It should be him! The person of Long Bi is the blood descendant of the previous domain master, and his identity is respected. I am afraid it is not accidental that he appeared here."

"Actually, Tianzun asked me to wait for the "Book of Life and Death" to take over the tasks of the Dao of Heaven and wait here, just to wait for the Destiny One. First, to test the strength of the Destiny One, and secondly, to take this opportunity to transfer the middle page of the Book of the Past. into the hands of the Destiny."

"It seems that Qin Feng's performance far exceeded my expectations!"

Speaking of this, Yan Tian Shenzun actually looked relieved.

The Hei Tian Divine Envoy looked even more stunned: "No wonder, as soon as he appeared, I sensed the aura of a judge on him."

During the day, the envoy also sighed: "Heavenly Venerate is really powerful! He actually predicted the appearance of the Destiny. Master, the Destiny has appeared, so is our 'judgment of the gods' saved?"

Yan Tian Shenzun looked up at the sky: "It's hard to say! The catastrophe we face in the 'Judgment of God's Domain' this time, but we have to fight against eternity. It depends on the growth progress of the Destiny!"

As soon as these words fell, the black and white gods were all silent, and their eyes showed worry.

"Hey! I hope Destiny can grow up quickly! He is our last hope for judging God's Domain."

The black angel was filled with emotion.

The angel of the day also nodded slightly.

Yan Tian Shenzun smiled slightly: "Anyway, the Man of Destiny finally appeared, and he passed our test. Even his performance exceeded Tianzun's prediction. All of this is finally developing in a good direction."

As soon as these words fell, the faces of the black and white gods showed a hint of relief.

The two of them couldn't help looking into the distance, full of expectations for Qin Feng's future development.

Chapter 720 Dharma Phase Advancement! The strength is great!

On the other hand, Qin Feng entered the zero-degree space directly after returning to the assessment hall.

At this moment, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng is taking stock of his gains.

Looking at the Daogu Pill, the Divine Vein Pill, the Source of Divine Power, and the Source of Soul Power in front of him, he was in a very good mood.

Although he has refined these precious resources to the upper limit, refining them again has no effect, but they can be used to train his subordinates.

Qin Feng is the supreme judge!

It needs the assistance of all the messengers in order to exert its true strength.

Therefore, the messengers under his command must focus on training, and cannot slow down the progress of strength.

He was worried that the strength of Qi Yue and others could not keep up, and the resources in front of him solved this problem.