Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Besides, the stronger Qi Yue and others are, the more battle power they will sacrifice to him.

This is equivalent to changing the direction to help him refine resources.

With this in mind, Qin Feng put those resources into the trading channel and let the Mirage clone deal with it.

Then he waved again, and sixteen drops of divine blood appeared in front of him, all of them with divine light and extraordinary aura.

[Golden Dragon God Blood: High Grade God Rank]

Seeing these golden dragon blood, Qin Feng smiled.

These high-grade divine blood are the key objects he will refine this time.

With this in mind, Qin Feng separated sixteen fission variants from his body, each took a drop of divine blood and went to the side to refine.

Afterwards, he separated another fission variant, took two **** of 'Nine Yin Qi', and left the secret room to repair the soul body of the corpse.

Immediately afterwards, he separated another fission body, holding the 'breath of good fortune' and the divine wing, and went to the side to fuse.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he opened the panel and started adding points

He killed Yan Tianshenjun and gained 2 billion attributes.

This is a huge gain!

After a while, Qin Feng finished adding points and began to check his latest status.

[Level]: Level 78

[Vocation]: Level 63 (Intermediate Judgment Supreme)

【Reputation】: 38,000 points

[Air Luck]: 320 times

[Basic combat power]: 894 million stars

[Shenwu points]: 4255 points

After reading this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Before he knew it, his basic combat power had reached 894 million stars.

According to this development, when he breaks through to the demigod realm, his basic combat power should be infinitely close to the threshold of the limit of the main god.

The range of the main god's ultimate combat power is 1.2 billion to 2 billion stars.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the next challenge.

As long as the last level is completed, it means that the mixed martial arts assessment is over, that is, the demigod assessment is over.

At that time, he can be promoted to the demigod realm.

According to the rules, after the demigod assessment is over, no evaluation level will be given, but the combat power will be promoted according to the Shenwu points.

The promotion rules are as follows:

[If the points are less than 10 points, the assessment fails and cannot be promoted]

[The score reaches 10 points or more, and the assessment is passed, and it can be promoted to the demigod realm. 】

[If the points reach more than 30 points, you will be granted the permission for the False God realm assessment.

[If the points reach more than 10 points, but less than 30 points, they will permanently lose the right to be promoted to the False God realm]

[For those with 10 to 99 points, when they are promoted to the demigod realm, 1 point of Shenwu points can increase their combat power by 10,000 stars]

[For those with 1 to 999 points, when they are promoted to the demigod realm, 1 point of Shenwu points can increase their combat power by 20,000 stars]

[For those with 1 to 9999 points, when they are promoted to the demigod realm, 1 point of Shenwu points can increase their combat power by 30,000 stars]

Today, Qin Feng's Shenwu points are 4255 points.

In this way, when he is promoted to the demigod realm, he can increase his combat power by about 128 million stars.

Of course, Qin Feng's demigod assessment is not over yet.

He still has the last challenge, so he didn't go to the assessment.

If he can also get a super rating in the last level, then when he is promoted to the demigod realm, his combat power will increase even more.

"In the fourth level, I tried my best to get a super rating. I don't know if I can get it in the last level? It's probably difficult, 〃"!"

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath, still a little worried.

The more points he can get, the more battle power he will improve when he is promoted to the demigod realm, and he will naturally have to fight.

Therefore, he has to find a way to improve his strength from all aspects!

With this in mind, he took out the Book of the Present World and the Book of Life and Death.

Next, he tried to find a way to transfer the Destiny Value of "Book of Life and Death" to 9 points in "Book of the Present World".

In this way, the rank of "Book of Life and Death" remains unchanged, but "Book of Life" can be promoted to the peak of the high-grade **** rank, which can greatly improve his comprehensive strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to study with anticipation.

And just like that, he entered the retreat again

While Qin Feng was in retreat, something was happening outside.

Di Jiang and others have completed one third of the refining of resources.

After all, they only have fifteen times the time force field, and they have no fission body, so the refining speed is naturally much slower than Qin Feng.

Of course, Jumang can be transformed into three thousand, and the refining speed is the fastest, but the refining has not been completed.

On the other side, in the Blue Star Realm.

Judas was still charging his full power.

The energy level of the teleportation array is getting higher and higher.

In less than an hour, Kaxiu will be here.

This progress made Judah and Jussiel very satisfied.

In their opinion, Qin Feng is not far from his death.

The Holy Land Pass is beckoning to them.

The two of Judas did not know that Qin Feng's basic combat power had reached 894 million stars.

In this way, his clone's combat power can reach more than 700 million stars.

When Kaxiu came over, he could only be killed in seconds!

Don't talk about Kaxiu, even if Kalu and Uriel came over, they would only have to die.

The only thing that can threaten Qin Feng is Gabriel.

Gabriel is the ultimate power of the main god, and his combat power has reached 2 billion stars.

He has been stuck in this realm for many years and has been unable to advance to the Quasi-God King realm.

A large part of the reason Gabriel wanted to obtain the Book of the Present World and the Holy Land Pass was to break through the shackles of his own realm...

In addition to Gabriel, Lucifer is also speeding up to the Blue Star Realm with five subordinates.

Under Rafa's persuasion, they have sneaked into the Dark Demon Realm and are taking a shortcut to the Blue Star Realm.

In three days at most, they will be able to reach the Blue Star Realm...

That Lucius is a quasi-god-king existence, and the threat is much greater than Gabriel.

In this way, the crisis of Longyuan City is approaching step by step.

And Qin Feng's strength is also increasing rapidly step by step...

Time flies!

In the blink of an eye, more than 8 minutes passed by the outside world.

In the zero-degree space, more than four hours have passed.

At this time, in the training room.

Above Qin Feng's head, the "Book of the World" is blooming with a dazzling golden light, and its aura is stronger than before.

And Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded a reminder of the Tao of Heaven...

[Your "Book of the Present World" has absorbed enough Destiny Points and has been promoted to the peak level of high-grade gods...]

["Book of the World" has raised its back-feeding combat power to 1 star]

[The Heavenly Dao ability of "Book of the Present World" has been improved, which can strengthen all time skills]

[The authentic ability of "Book of the Present World" has been improved, which can strengthen all space skills]

[The humane ability of "Book of the Present World" has been improved, and the value of its blessings has reached 30 times]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The current book has finally been promoted successfully!

Not only has the back-feeding combat power been improved, but other abilities have also been improved, such as the increase in luck to 30 times.

correct!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and he manipulated the "Book of the Present World".

Om~!

There was an earthquake!

The divine book shines brightly!

The surrounding time force field changed immediately, and its time flow rate increased from 30 times to 35 times.

If Qin Feng's 15 times the time force field is deducted, the time force field of "Book of the World" is 20 times.

In other words, in the challenging world, with the help of the Book of the Present World, it would take 20 seconds, and only 1 second would pass from the outside world.

This will be very beneficial to his next challenge!

20 seconds!

This is so critical!

Maybe, he can rely on this time extension to get the super evaluation of the last level.

Of course, he didn't dare to be careless.

That last level is the hardest!

Who knows, what kind of devil will appear in that level?

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, in his sea of ​​knowledge, there was another reminder from the Tao of Heaven...

[Your Heaven-Suppressing God Wing successfully merged with the 'Qi of Creation']

[Zhentian Divine Wing is automatically promoted to the peak of the top-grade god-level]

[Zhentian Shenyi's back-feeding combat power has been increased to 10,000 star combat power]

[Automatic Awakening New Skill - Divine Wing Escape]

[God Wings Escape: Similar to space teleportation, skill cooldown time is 5 seconds]

what!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Zhentian Divine Wing has also advanced!

Also awakened a space skill.

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing joy again.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Before he could finish being happy, his whole body suddenly churned with qi and blood, an earth-shattering roar sounded in his body, and his aura began to skyrocket wildly...

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Your fission body, refining the golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level) successfully! You get a lot of blood energy, and the combat power increases +60,000 stars]