Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

[Your fission body, refining the golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level) successfully! you get a lot]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

His fission body finally refined those divine blood!

In a blink of an eye, all sixteen drops of Golden Dragon blood were refined.

Tiandao sent a reminder again

[Congratulations on your bloodline talent being promoted from the limit of SSS level to SSS level successfully]

[Bloodline talent broke through SSS level successfully! Your combat power increases by 10,000 stars combat power]

[Bloodline talent broke through SSS level successfully! Your 'Fa Xiangtiandi' can be promoted to advanced level]

[Fa Xiangtiandi (advanced): It can be transformed into a giant body of millions of feet, standing tall in the sky. When fighting in this state, the attack power and defense power will each increase by 30%]

Qin Feng was surprised!

His bloodline talent! Finally broke through!

Having said that, he refined 16 drops of Golden Dragon blood this time, and his basic combat power reached 1 billion stars in one fell swoop.

Not only that, but his Fa Xiangtiandi has been promoted to a higher level.

This has raised his comprehensive combat power to a large extent!

In this way, he will be more confident about the next level.

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied with the results of this retreat!

correct!

The bloodline talent has broken through!

It is time for him to promote Hou Tu, Zhu Rong and other spiritual eggs to the peak of the high-grade **** rank.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he quickly put away the "Book of the Present World".

Then, he dodged and disappeared in place

Chapter 721 The sea of ​​blood does not dry up! The devil is immortal!

The next second, Qin Feng appeared in another secret room.

I saw that in the secret room, each of the four spirit eggs exuded aura and were quietly asleep.

Those are the four spirit eggs of Tianwu, Houtu, Zhurong, and Gonggong.

"If only these four little guys could hatch earlier!"

Qin Feng thought expectantly.

Each time these little guys hatch one, his strength can skyrocket by one point.

Especially the skills of Six Prison Suppression, these little guys are sorely needed.

Judging from the current incubation progress, Tianwu Ling eggs are the most mature and should hatch first.

That little guy is a spiritual egg at the peak of the high-grade **** rank.

As long as it hatches out, it is the False God realm.

He didn't want to think so much anymore, he should have advanced the three spirit eggs from the back soil to the peak of the high-grade **** rank.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a step and came to the back of the earth spirit egg, and directly broke the blood and dripped into the spirit egg.

In just a moment, the drop of blood essence was completely absorbed by the spirit egg.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, there was a light sound on the eggshell, and a brand new innate divine pattern was automatically born, exuding an amazing breath!

In Qin Feng's sea of ​​​​knowledge, there is also a reminder of Tiandao...

[Your pet 'Hour Earth Spirit Egg' has absorbed high-quality blood essence and is evolving...]

【Successful evolution! After the earth spirit egg is promoted from the 'high-grade **** rank' level to the 'high-grade **** rank peak' level]

It worked!

Very smooth!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Om~!

At this time, the Houtu Spirit Egg woke up from its slumber.

It felt its own advancement, and immediately sent out excited mental fluctuations, expressing intimacy to Qin Feng.

Qin Feng smiled and comforted it.

When the little guy calmed down, he walked towards Zhu Rongling Egg...

It didn't take long for Zhu Rong Spirit Egg and Gong Gong Spirit Egg, after absorbing his blood essence, to advance to the peak of the high-grade **** rank one after another.

So far, his four battle pet spirit eggs, all 050 have reached the peak of the high-grade **** rank.

He looked at everything in front of him with satisfaction, and comforted the awakened little guys, and then walked away.

The next second, he went to another secret room.

In the center of the secret room, there was a huge black coffin.

The corpse puppet 'Ancient God of Burning Lamp' sat cross-legged on the coffin lid.

At this moment, the center of the corpse puppet's eyebrows is lit with a faint green light, exuding a monstrous cold air.

That is the corpse puppet is absorbing the 'Nine Yin Qi' to repair its soul body.

Qin Feng can clearly sense that the breath of his soul body is constantly getting stronger.

Seeing this scene, he was very pleased!

During this period of time, with the help of his fission body, the corpse puppet absorbed the first group of nine yin qi and repaired the soul body to 70%.

As a result, the spirituality of the corpse puppet has greatly increased.

Now, it can absorb the second group of 'Nine Yin Qi' on its own without the aid of a fission body.

Qin Feng clearly sensed that the second group of nine yin energy had been absorbed by the corpse puppet for more than 97%, and the corpse puppet's soul repair level was also close to 80%.

What made him even more gratified was that the combat power of the corpse puppet also soared with the restoration of the soul body.

Today, the combat power of the corpse is infinitely close to 1.2 billion stars.

"This corpse puppet didn't disappoint me!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, with a smile on his face.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[One minute later, the final challenge will begin, players please get ready...]

[Countdown: 60…59…58…]

The last level!

It's finally time to start!

Qin Feng waved his hand, and dozens of fission variants appeared one after another, and took the initiative to integrate into his body.

In the next second, his figure flashed and he returned to the assessment hall.

Qin Feng raised his head, looked at the empty hall, and thought.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

I saw a flash of white light on his body, and the Heaven Thief God Armor, the Heaven Suppressing God Wing, and the Book of the World appeared one after another.

Om~! Om~! Om~!

The next moment, the three top-grade peak fetishes, all of which were human-machine one, each gave him a 1-star combat power.

Then, a white light flashed in his hand, and the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword appeared!

Om~!

In the blink of an eye, the integration of human and machine is completed!

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, which is of the highest grade, gave him a 5-star combat power in return.

In just an instant, his comprehensive combat power reached 1.8 billion stars.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with such combat power!

【Countdown:…2…1…0】

Soon, the countdown is over!

Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared into the hall...

In the next second, he appeared in a huge alien space!

It was a big blood-red world, and the air was filled with a thick smell of blood!

At this moment, Qin Feng is suspended in mid-air,

He looked down and saw a huge sea of ​​blood beneath his feet, boundless.

His consciousness swept away a little, and his eyes were horrified.

This sea of ​​blood was actually bigger than the entire Blue Star Realm, and his divine sense couldn't sweep it to the end.

You must know that with his current consciousness, he can cover the entire Blue Star Realm, but he cannot cover this sea of ​​blood.

This shows how huge this sea of ​​blood is!

At this time, a gust of wind blew, and the wind was blowing!

The sea is **** and the waves are magnificent!

There are waves all around!

Qin Feng felt that the entire sea of ​​blood was shrouded in endless killing intent, which made people feel inexplicably palpitated.

He dare not be careless!

This is the last level, and the most dangerous one, so we must not take it lightly!

With this in mind, Qin Feng cautiously looked around.

Soon, his eyes fell on the left front.

I saw a huge lotus growing there, with eleven petals and a height of hundreds of feet. The whole body was bright red like fire, and the breath was amazing!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he quickly peeped away...

[Red Lotus of Karma: The limit of the high-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth, immature]

[Reminder: The red lotus of karma is bred from the endless sea of ​​blood. When the flower has opened twelve petals, it is mature. After maturity, you can reach the top-level **** level]

[Reminder: The immature karmic fire red lotus cannot recognize its master and cannot use it. 】

[Reminder: The immature karma red lotus, if it can eliminate the infinite karma contained in it, can also be swallowed by the mind holy lotus]

what!

This is actually a heaven and earth wonder at the 'high-grade god-level limit' level!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

Obviously, this karmic fire red lotus is similar to the holy lotus of mind, so it can be swallowed by the holy lotus of mind.

However, if you want to devour this 'karma fire red lotus', you need to clear the karma in it before it can be devoured.

That karma and the red lotus have been integrated into one, and it is almost impossible to clear it.

For others, even if they have the idea of ​​swallowing the 'Red Lotus of Karma', they can't do it.

But for Qin Feng, there is no problem at all.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

His "Book of the World" can absorb karma!

Because karma is a kind of destiny!