Letting the Book of Existence absorb karma, it can not only purify the red lotus of karma, but also advance oneself, it can be said to kill two birds with one stone!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is excited!

What's more, this 'Red Lotus of Karma' is a treasure at the limit of high-grade gods, and his "Sacred Lotus of Mind" is the pinnacle of high-grade gods.

If his 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' is swallowed successfully, then there is a great chance of being promoted to the best **** rank!

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more heartbroken he becomes!

However, he did not immediately go to pick!

How can such a treasure be an ownerless thing? !

This thought came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

Bang~!

Next to the karmic red lotus, the sea exploded!

A tall figure suddenly burst out of the sea, bringing with it a rain of blood!

Qin Feng quickly looked at the figure...

I saw that man, his face was as sharp as a knife, his face was as red as blood, and his eyes were as sharp as a sword. As soon as the whole person appeared, he exuded a murderous aura, which instantly enveloped the entire sea area, and the momentum was astonishing!

Qin Feng couldn't help but spy out...

[Evil Object]: Styx Demon

[realm]: the peak of the main god

[Combat Strength]: 1.5 billion stars

[Feature]: Guard until death

[Origin: Because of killing too many creatures, he was punished by heaven and imprisoned here by heaven]

[Reminder: Demon Venerable Styx has been integrated with the Nether Sea of ​​Blood. The sea of ​​blood does not dry up, and the Styx does not die! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng's face changed slightly!

'The sea of ​​blood does not dry up, and the Styx does not die! ’

Is it...

Qin Feng hurriedly peeped towards the sea of ​​blood below.

[Netherworld Sea of ​​Blood: The Best God Rank, from Hell Yellow Spring]

Sure enough!

The blood sea below this is the nether blood sea!

Qin Feng suddenly felt that this Demon Venerable Ming He was very similar to the ancestor Ming He in the myth of Longbi!

I don't know if there is any connection between the two.

Having said that, this netherworld of blood is bigger than the entire Blue Star Realm, and his zero-dimensional space can't hold it at all, so how can it be exhausted?

If it doesn't dry up, he can't kill Styx Demon!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly felt bad!

At the same moment, Demon Venerable Ming He was also looking at Qin Feng coldly, his eyes filled with endless killing intent!

It's been so many years!

He was finally waiting for someone!

His day of escape has come!

He is different from the guardian demon gods in other levels.

Other demon gods are all seeking the way of heaven, and they voluntarily come here to guard the checkpoint in order to obtain the rewards of the way of heaven!

Even if they fall during the mission, Tiandao will resurrect those demon gods.

He is not!

He was punished by heaven, imprisoned here!

According to the rules of Tiandao, if a player breaks into his level.

As long as he kills the player, he can be released!

However, if he is killed by a player, it will be a complete death, and Heaven will not resurrect him!

Therefore, this level is just a challenge for the players.

But for him, it was a battle of life and death!

Therefore, he will never let go!

Speaking of which, all this was done by that mysterious man back then!

That mysterious man who calls himself Tianzun is really abominable!

Back then, if he hadn't been eager for quick success and wanted to make the 'Red Lotus of Karma' mature earlier, he wouldn't have been bewitched by that guy.

As a result, he was still bewitched, so he committed the sin of indiscriminate killing of living beings, and was imprisoned by the punishment of heaven!

However, it doesn't matter!

He finally waited for someone to come today, and he would soon be able to get out of trouble.

Demon Venerable Minghe looked at Qin Feng coldly, the more he thought about it, the more excited he became!

He was thinking, **** this kid quickly!

He never thought that he would die at the hands of Qin Feng.

Don't talk about Qin Feng, even if the **** king with a combat power of more than 100 million stars will not kill him!

Even if his soul body is destroyed 100 million times, he can always be resurrected!

As long as the sea of ​​blood does not dry up, he will never die!

The fact is also true, Styx Demon is more difficult to kill than the God King, and almost has an immortal body.

Unless someone can drain his blood!

For this, even the **** king can't do it, and it is even said that Qin Feng is a heaven-level realm.

In many ways, this level is a bug!

Players can never get past!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was anxious.

Demon Venerable Styx couldn't wait.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

Chapter 722: Extreme Dao Killing! Billions of blood gods!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was anxious.

Styx Demon can't wait

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder~…

[Welcome players to the Heavenly Prison (challenge the fifth level)]

[Challenge rules: Players need to eliminate the Styx Demon within 30 minutes to be considered - clearance]

[If the timeout is not eliminated, the challenge of this level will fail! Deduct 2 Shenwu points]

[Destroy the target within 20 to 30 minutes, you can get 2 points of Shenwu, and additional rewards for clearing the level]

[Destroy the target within 10 to 20 minutes, you can get 3 Shenwu points and double the reward for passing the level]

[Destroy the target within 3 to 10 minutes, you can get 5 points and triple the reward for clearing the level]

[Destroy the target within 1 to 3 minutes, you can get 8 points and four times the reward for clearing the level]

[Destroy the target within 10 seconds to 1 minute, you can get 11 points and five times the reward for clearing the level]

[Destroy the target within 10 seconds, you can get 15 Shenwu points, and six times the reward for passing the level]

[Destroy the target within 1 second, you can get 2 points of Shenwu, and eight times the reward for passing the level]

Why!

Sure enough, it is necessary to destroy the Styx Demon to be considered a clearance!

But can this be wiped out?

Qin Feng smiled bitterly in his heart!

Don't say 30 minutes, even if you give him three days and three nights, he will not be able to consume this sea of ​​blood!

And the sea of ​​blood does not dry up, and the River Styx does not die!

There is no way for him to take the Styx Demon!

It seems that he can't pass this level, and he will be deducted 2 points of Shenwu.

Having said that, the reward points for this level are extremely rich!

Up to 2 points!

If he could get it...

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath.

No matter what, he has to give it a try!

Compared with perseverance, few people in the world can be stronger than Qin Feng!

He is the one who never gives up!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This time, he will try it out, destroy the Styx Demon within 20 seconds, and get the highest score!

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder again.

[Challenge Tip: Please prepare for both sides of the battle! After the countdown is over, the battle can begin! 】

【Countdown: 10…9….】

As soon as the prompt came out, Qin Feng was moved.

Om~!

In the next second, a world book projection appeared in the back of his head!

Immediately afterwards, a fantasy world identical to the Heavenly Prison emerged, overlapping with the entire Heavenly Prison.

At that moment, the flow of time in this heavenly prison quietly changed.

So far, the time flow rate of this **** is 20 times!

That is to say, if Qin Feng destroys Styx Demon within 20 seconds, even if the outside world takes 1 second, Tiandao will give him the highest evaluation!

At the same moment, Demon Venerable Styx looked at this scene coldly, with disdain in his eyes!

Ha ha!

Just a little heavenly player!

He didn't pay attention at all!

However, this kid should have some ability to break through to his level!

But even if he has the ability, when it comes to his level, he will only lose!

You know, destroy him within 30 minutes to clear the level!

Hearing this rule, he wanted to laugh!

Not to mention this heavenly kid, even if the real **** king came, he wouldn't be able to hurt him in 30 minutes, let alone destroy him!

Of course, he wouldn't let this kid live for more than 10 seconds.