Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

If a kid in the heaven-level realm is allowed to live for ten seconds, how can he save his face?

With this in mind, Demon Venerable Styx slowly opened his mouth and made a hoarse and low voice.

"Boy! You have some strength to break through the level of the deity. Unfortunately, you have met the deity, so you will never be able to pass this level. If you are acquainted, you should kill yourself quickly and save everyone some time!"

Demon Venerable Styx's tone was somewhat playful.

Qin Feng frowned slightly: "That's not necessarily!"

"not necessarily?!"

Demon Venerable Styx sneered: "Is it possible, do you think you can get past the level of the deity? Even a **** king would not dare to say such a thing! You, a small heaven-level realm, actually said such a thing! You really don't know how high the sky is! "

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "There are always exceptions to everything!"

Demon Venerable Styx looked disdainful: "That's it! It can be seen that you are a person who does not know the heights of the sky! In this case, the deity will personally kill you! The deity is different from the demon gods in the previous levels! Kill the juniors such as Er, Ten seconds is enough!"

Qin Feng frowned: "Ten seconds?! I'll wait and see!"

As soon as these words fell, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【Countdown is over! Challenge timer starts:]

Boom~!

As soon as this prompt came out, Demon Venerable Minghe suddenly rushed towards Qin Feng!

He wants to kill this little thief within 10 seconds!

So that this little thief knows what it means to be ignorant!

Boom~Long~Long~!

When Demon Venerable Styx rushed out, his aura shook the world!

In just a split second, he was dead close!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Boom~!

With a punch, Demon Venerable Minghe blasted towards Qin Feng!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That punch blasted out, the world cracked!

Wherever the fist wind passes, the void is shattered!

Styx Demon's combat power is 1.5 billion stars, but his attack power contains the power of extreme killing!

God **** it! Kill the land! Kill all beings!

Under the blessing of that terrifying killing power, his attack power is comparable to 1.6 billion stars, which is extremely terrifying!

In the blink of an eye, that punch approached Qin Feng's face!

Demon Venerable Styx's eyes are full of smirks!

With such a violent blow, he is confident that he can kill the boy in front of him with one punch! !

huh~!

But at this moment, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air and teleported behind the Demon Venerable Ming He!

what!

This kid has mastered the space ability!

Demon Venerable Styx was a little surprised!

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, he also teleported and appeared behind Qin Feng again.

He also mastered the space ability!

At this moment, the sinister smile in Ming He's eyes became even stronger!

Using teleportation to restrain teleportation is often a late attack!

Because of teleportation, there is a skill cooldown.

Only those who use it later can take the initiative!

At this moment, he has teleported behind Qin Feng, and Qin Feng's teleportation skills are cooling down, and he can no longer avoid his punch!

Click~! Click~! click~!

Demon Venerable Minghe threw a punch and slammed into Qin Feng's back!

That is comparable to a blow of 1.6 billion stars, even a strong man like Yan Tian Shenzun will be killed by one blow!

In the blink of an eye, the punch had reached Qin Feng's back!

And Qin Feng didn't do anything, it seemed that he didn't have time to dodge.

Demon Venerable Styx is even more proud, secretly thinking that with this face-to-face, he will be able to kill this kid in seconds!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

Swish~!

Behind Qin Feng, Zhentian Divine Wing, his wings trembled!

huh~!

In the next breath, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air again!

Boom~!

The punch of Demon Venerable Styx suddenly hit the sky, and the sky cracked, the sky and the earth shattered!

At the same moment, Qin Feng had teleported behind Styx Demon.

It turned out that he had just used the new skill of Zhentian Divine Wing - Divine Wing Escape!

Divine Wing Escape: It is the teleportation skill attached to Divine Wing.

In this way, Qin Feng can teleport twice in a row.

"This is…"

Demon Venerable Ming He instantly sensed that Qin Feng appeared behind him.

This surprised him greatly!

Without waiting for him to think about it, Qin Feng cast the Fa Xiangtiandi!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng turned into a million zhang, standing tall in the sky!

Advanced Dharma Phase World!

All combat power and defense are increased by 30%!

In just an instant, Qin Feng's combat power soared to 1.4 billion stars!

Swish~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng slashed down with a sword!

Om~!

Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, the golden light shines!

Blessed by the power of the law of chaos, the power of that sword skyrocketed!

Immediately afterwards, the power of luck also blessed it, and the power of that sword skyrocketed again!

In the blink of an eye, the power of that sword reached 1.55 billion stars!

This power of increase is much stronger than before!

Before that, with the blessing of the law of chaos and the power of luck, Qin Feng's attack power could soar by about 100 million stars.

This time, he has skyrocketed by 150 million stars!

It turns out that Qin Feng's luck has greatly increased, and now it has reached 320 times.

The human power of the present book has also increased greatly, and the luck value has reached 30 times!

As a result, Qin Feng's luck has reached 350 times!

With such a huge blessing of luck, his attack power increases even more!

Swish~!

In the blink of an eye, that sword approached the back of Demon Venerable Styx!

Damn it!

Demon Venerable Styx instantly sensed the terrifying attack power of that sword, and there was an unbelievable look in his eyes.

He never thought that the attack power of a heaven-level boy would be so strong!

He didn't even think that Qin Feng could teleport continuously!

At this moment, it was too late for him to dodge!

What's more terrible is that he is strong on offense and weak on defense!

Swish~!

Just then, the sword fell!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

Qin Feng split the Styx Demon into two halves with one sword!

The corpse disintegrated automatically, turning into a sky full of starlight, not a trace!

"Damn little thief! I'm going to kill you!"

In the sky over the sea of ​​blood, the shocking roar of the Styx Demon reverberated!

He never thought that he would be hacked by Qin Feng after only two face-to-face encounters!

What does this make him look good?

Boom~!

The next breath, the sea of ​​blood exploded again!

The Demon Venerable Styx broke out of the sea again!

At this moment, his eyes were blood red, and his anger was gushing!

He never thought that the face-to-face meeting just now would make him suffer a big loss!

However, his breath is still at its peak and has not weakened in the slightest!

Even the Netherworld Sea of ​​Blood under him showed no sign of weakening!

This means that Qin Feng's blow just now was completely useless!

The only thing Styx Demon Venerable lost was his face!

After being angry, Demon Venerable Minghe stared at Qin Feng seriously.

At this moment, he no longer dared to despise Qin Feng.

The strength of this little thief is far beyond his imagination!

However, with such strength as Qin Feng, he will still die in his hands.

"Little thief! Your strength is indeed beyond the deity's expectations! It's a pity! With your strength, you still have to die!"

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand, and the whole sea of ​​blood suddenly surged violently!

One after another, blood shadows burst out of the sea!

Those blood shadows are all human-shaped, and their appearance is somewhat similar to Styx Demon Venerable.