Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

I saw that they were densely packed and gathered on the sea surface, and there were hundreds of millions.

That is the 480 million Blood God Child clone of Demon Venerable Styx!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng's face changed slightly, and he felt bad!

The existence of 480,000 demigods, together, is stronger than the limit of the main god!

"Little thief! Die!"

At this moment, Demon Venerable Ming He rushed towards Qin Feng again!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

The 480 million Blood God Child clones also slaughtered Qin Feng together! .Husband.

Chapter 723 Wonderful Destiny Value! Advanced again!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Demon Venerable Styx and 480 million Blood God Sons slaughtered them together, their aura covering the sky and the earth!

Qin Feng's complexion changed slightly!

In the face of such an offensive, even the ultimate powerhouse of the Lord God with a combat power of 2 billion stars will be slaughtered into scum!

With Qin Feng's current strength, he can only be killed in seconds!

He absolutely can't bear it head-on!

But he wanted to avoid it, but there was no way to avoid it!

All around are the blood gods of the Styx Demon. No matter where he teleports, he will be besieged by hundreds of millions of blood gods, and he will still be killed on the spot! !

How to do? !

correct!

At this moment, Qin Feng seemed to think of something, and his wings trembled behind him!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Suddenly, his wings shot out, thousands of energy feather arrows!

Those feather arrows are golden light all over their bodies, with amazing momentum, and each one has reached the threshold level of False God Realm!

In the blink of an eye, the first feather arrow hit the nearest Blood God Son!R𝒆ađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Bang~!

A blast!

Blood mist splattered everywhere!

Only one arrow blasted the blood **** child!

Immediately afterwards, more and more energy feather arrows hit more and more blood gods.

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the blink of an eye, thousands of blood gods were bombarded and killed on the spot!

Within a radius of 10,000 zhang, the Son of Blood is completely destroyed!

Only the Demon Venerable Ming He was left, and he came to Qin Feng to kill him!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was overjoyed!

He almost forgot that his Heaven-Suppressing Divine Wing also had another skill, the Divine Feather Arrow Formation!

This is a rare group attack skill!

At this moment, it is time to show his might!

With this group of offensive skills, he is not afraid of being besieged by the Blood God Son!

Unless these blood gods can break through the arrow formation and kill him in front of him.

It's a pity that these blood gods are all close-attack types, and none of them are far-attackers.

Even if there are some means of long-distance attack, it is not as wide as the Shenyu Arrow Formation.

"Damn!"

Demon Venerable Styx was furious!

He didn't expect this little thief to have such a group attack method!

The power of the feathered arrows shot out by him reached the threshold of the False God Realm, just enough to kill his blood **** son in seconds.

no!

He has to block this kid's skills!

If there is no blood **** son to join hands, he is afraid that it will be difficult to kill this kid!

However, this kid still underestimated his blood **** son!

Even with the group attack skills, this kid can't escape death!

Swish~!

With this in mind, Demon Venerable Minghe accelerated to kill Qin Feng!

He wants to block Qin Feng's skills and buy time for the blood gods to approach!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At the same moment, the billions of blood gods were still killing one after another.

They are not afraid of death at all!

And Qin Feng's wings trembled again and again, and continuously shot out energy feather arrows!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In less than half a second, Qin Feng shot out hundreds of thousands of feather arrows, killing hundreds of thousands of blood gods.

But he was horrified to find that the number of those blood godsons had not decreased at all.

On the contrary, the army of the blood gods was facing his attack and was constantly slaughtering forward, making the encirclement smaller and smaller.

According to this development, he will eventually be beaten to death!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

That's when he discovered the reason.

I saw those blood gods who were bombed, leaving behind white light clusters

Then those white light groups will automatically fall back into the sea of ​​​​blood, and turn into blood gods again, without the slightest drop in momentum!

In other words, he killed so many blood gods for nothing!

With the sea of ​​blood in the netherworld, these blood gods are almost immortal!

That is to say, whether it is to kill the Styx River Demon, or to destroy these blood gods, the Netherworld Blood Sea must be exhausted first, and then there is no hope of destroying them!

But is it possible? !

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, the Demon Venerable Styx River has already killed him!

"Little thief! Stop it!"

Boom~!

Demon Venerable Minghe punched Qin Feng with all his might!

He wants to stop this kid from releasing the array of arrows!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That punch came violently, the void shattered inch by inch, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

This is an all-out blow comparable to 1.6 billion stars, and the power is terrifying!

Qin Feng's face changed slightly, and he had to stop the arrow formation and strike with all his strength to meet the punch!

Demon Venerable Styx's eyes are full of disdain!

So far, he has understood that Qin Feng's attack power is only a little more than 1.5 billion!

Such an attack can't stop his punch at all!

Seeing that, the two attacks are about to collide!

But at this moment, a mutation suddenly occurred!

huh~!

I saw a flash of white light!

Next to Qin Feng, an ancient corpse suddenly appeared, it was the corpse puppet!

It has already refined the second group of Nine Yin Qi, and at this critical moment, it was summoned by Qin Feng!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the corpse appeared, the corpse gas rose into the sky, and its momentum suddenly reached 1.25 billion stars, which was stronger than Qin Feng expected.

Obviously, the soul body repair of the corpse puppet went very smoothly!

Boom~!

In the next breath, the corpse puppet punched the Demon Venerable Styx and blasted away!

Suddenly, it and Qin Feng formed a joint force, and met the attack of Ming He!

In the blink of an eye, the two sides attacked and collided!

Boom~Long~!

A loud bang!

Void burst!

Space is broken!

In the next breath, Demon Venerable Styx groaned, and was blasted directly into the distance!

In this face-to-face, Qin Feng has the upper hand again!

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

But before Qin Feng was happy, the hundreds of millions of blood gods came to kill one after another!

With this delay, the encirclement has been compressed to a radius of eight thousand feet!

This situation is not good!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

Qin Feng didn't dare to delay. With a thought, he launched the Shenyu Arrow Formation again, and shot thousands of light arrows around!

Bang~! Bang~! Bang~!

In the blink of an eye, thousands of blood gods were bombarded, leaving behind light clusters that fell to the sea of ​​blood!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng frowned.

After those light **** fall back to the sea of ​​blood, they will be resurrected again!

Everything he did was useless.

According to this rhythm, even if Demon Venerable Styx didn't make a move, he would be consumed by these endless blood gods!

Can't go on like this!

He has to figure out a way to break the game!

what! correct!

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he seemed to think of something, and quickly pinched the seal!

Om~!