Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Haha! Of course! All this is brought to us by the boss Qin Feng."

"Hey! Liu Yuan is right, even if Qin Feng gets the tenth place, his gold content is higher than the first place. Besides, he got the fifth place this time, and he is the best in this mission. Strong!"

"Of course! Boss Qin Feng faces twice as difficult a challenge as others, so Boss Qin Feng is the real No. 1! He is the uncrowned king!"

"That's right! Our 911 village will also be the strongest village in the Blue Star Realm!"

At this moment, everyone's blood boiled.

An inexplicable sense of pride arises spontaneously!

…

At the same moment, in that square.

Qin Feng stood proudly on the spot.

And the resentful demon fell in front, with a long knife stuck in his heart.

Finally killed it!

Whoo~!

Qin Feng let out a long breath and wiped the sweat on his forehead.

This resentful demon is indeed an emperor-level monster!

It's so bad to kill!

However, he finally solved it and successfully entered the top ten.

His dangling heart can finally be put down.

Om~!

It was here that a dazzling white light flew from the body of the resentful demon, flocking to Qin Feng...

[Kill level 17 resentful demon (imperial level) successfully, get +20000 energy points. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 17 resentful demon (imperial level) and gained +6 reputation. 】

[Succeeded in killing the level 17 resentful demon (imperial level) and obtained +200 judgment value. 】

[The 17th-level resentful demon (imperial level) was successfully killed, and the quest item - the resentful demon's 'blood of the heart' was released. 】

[Congratulations to Qin Feng, a novice, for successfully completing the 'Future Village Chief' task and getting the top ten rewards: 200 attribute points and a golden treasure chest. 】

[Congratulations to the novice Qin Feng, the difficulty of the task you challenged has doubled, so the personal rewards you have obtained have also doubled. 】

[Your personal reward has been changed to: 400 attribute points and two golden treasure chests. 】

The harvest is finally here!

Qin Feng couldn't hide his excitement.

Om~!

At this moment, a white light descended from the sky and landed on him.

His stats went up and up, and in a blink of an eye, he got 400 stats.

Immediately afterwards, a second white light fell.

Two golden treasure chests slowly fell along the beam of light.

Qin Feng happily stepped forward and caught two treasure chests.

Ha ha!

Golden Treasure Box is here!

Great harvest this time!

Even the first place harvest is only half of his.

Qin Feng was very satisfied, and put the treasure chest into the storage ring.

At this time, a reminder came from Tiandao.

[Reminder: Reputation reaches 60 points or more, and combat power reaches 70 stars or more, you can get a new title 'Novice Emperor'. 】

what!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Newbie emperor?

Qin Feng's eyes lit up.

This should be an imperial title.

When he got the title of 'Novice King', he received the blessing of Heaven and got 80 attribute rewards.

If you are promoted to the 'novice emperor', you should get more benefits.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng suddenly came to his senses and hurriedly checked his data.

Reputation 62 points!

56-star limit of combat power!

"The prestige is enough, but unfortunately the combat power is not enough!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart.

By the way, he just got a reward of 400 free attribute points.

Now you can add some points and improve your combat power!

Thinking of this, he hurriedly opened the property panel and began to add some points to himself...

At the same moment, in the Blue Star Realm, Area 9321.

An old man with a thin face was looking at the 'Village Chief Appointment Letter' with a happy face.

Behind him, several followers stood respectfully.

At this moment, those followers were also excited.

One of them even said: "Your Majesty, congratulations on winning the first place in this mission. Facts have proved that you are the strongest existence among all the Blue Stars!"

"Oh! My little John. In fact, a large part of the reason why this prince can win the first place is that the night has given me strength. Our blood family is the strongest in the dark night."

The old man said proudly.

It turned out that the old man was a vampire, and he was a prince-level existence among vampires, much stronger than Edward.

At this time, John respectfully asked: "Oh! Your Majesty, Your Majesty, you have already received the appointment letter. What are you going to do next?"

The old man looked at the endless night: "This prince wants to become the village chief, to establish the power of our blood family, and then to unify this area and establish a dark kingdom. Finally, I will conquer the Blue Star Realm and turn those humble humans into us. blood slave."

"Your Majesty, this is indeed a good idea. I would like to follow you forever."

"Oh! Sweetie John, this Prince appreciates your loyalty."…

Meanwhile, District 1229, in a certain village.

Holding a silver cross, a priest walked out of the 'Lost Village' with a face full of embarrassment. ’

"Oh! I didn't expect the cross to be useless in this place. Those demons are not afraid of the cross at all. The glory of God cannot shine here."

The priest looked at the cross in his hand with a depressed expression.

Fortunately, he awakened the 230S-level light talent.

Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to come out alive tonight.

"Oh, my god!"

The priest looked at the cross in his hand with a complicated expression.

He seemed to be engaged in some kind of psychological struggle.

After a while, his heart sank, and he threw the cross away.

"Oh! Fuck God! Fuck the cross! I'm going to form my own power, I'm going to be God myself!"

Abandoning these words, the priest left with great strides.

He just got an appointment letter for the village chief, and he has the background to form his own power.

At the same time, in District 331, in a novice village.

A Taoist priest walked out of the 'lost village' cursing.

Looking closely, I saw that the Taoist priest was holding a peach wood sword in his left hand and a yellow talisman in his right hand.

He seemed to have just gone through a fierce battle.

At this moment, he kept muttering in his mouth.

"Strange! Weird! The ghosts in this place are not afraid of the Daoist's spell, so the Daoist almost got caught. Fortunately, the old Dao was clever and used spells to quell those evil ghosts!"

The priest was amazed.

Then, he thought to himself with a smile on his face.

"This time I got a good harvest! I got an appointment letter from the village chief. When I look back, I will change the name of the village to 'Wu Zhuang Guan', and then teach Taoism, self-cultivation, so happy! Haha!"

Just like that, every corner of the Blue Star Realm.

The peerless masters who got the appointment letter from the village chief began to build their own forces one by one

Chapter 91 Build a village, this name is exclusive!

At the same moment, in that square.

Qin Feng has finished adding points, and his strength has soared again and again.

In a blink of an eye, his combat power soared to the 64-star limit.

"Not bad! Not bad! The combat power has reached the limit of 64 stars, and there are still 6 stars left. If you can reach 70 stars, you can become a 'novice emperor'."

Qin Feng murmured softly and was very satisfied.

Then, he looked at the corpse of the resentful demon.

That drop of 'blood of the heart' was suspended above the corpse, exuding a faint golden light, which seemed extremely sacred.

He quickly took out the 'task guidance scroll', then picked up the drop of hard work and dropped it on the scroll

Efforts are absorbed into the scroll at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Om~!

The next second, the scroll lit up with a dazzling golden light.

Lines of mysterious golden text appeared on the scroll, like runes.

At the top, there are five golden seal inscriptions - the appointment letter of the village chief.

[Reminder: You have successfully synthesized the 'Village Chief Appointment Letter'. 】

[Village Chief Appointment Letter: This is a sacred contract given by Heaven. 】

[Drop your blood essence on the appointment letter, the appointment letter will be automatically integrated into your body, and your contract with Tiandao is officially established. 】

[After the appointment letter is merged, you will be the village head of 911 Village, and your powers will be protected by Heaven and will be sacred and inviolable. 】

[Reminder: After becoming the village head, you have a chance to change the name of the village. After the change, the name is exclusive, and subsequent villages cannot use the name again. 】

what!

You can even name the village!

this is not bad!

With a name, there is no need to call Village No. 911 in the future.

That is purely a number.

Only official villages are eligible to have names.

It's also an honor!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng put away the "Village Chief Appointment Letter" and did not rush to sign it.

He has to deal with the battlefield first, then go to ask his brothers for advice, and give the village a resounding name.