Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

If you want the Son of Blood to have a chance to make a move, you must be within three thousand feet of the little thief.

Because the long-range attacks of those blood gods can only attack targets within three thousand feet.

This is the weakness of the Son of Blood. He is only good at melee attacks and not good at long-range attacks.

Regarding this point, Demon Venerable Styx didn't feel anything at all before, but at this moment, he deeply realized what it means to be restrained!

But only by doing this, can the encirclement of the blood **** son on Qin Feng be compressed to within a thousand feet!

As long as the encirclement is suppressed within 3,000 feet, and with the remote assistance of hundreds of millions of blood gods, he definitely has the hope of killing this kid!

"Right! I almost forgot that treasure!"

Ming He's eyes lit up, as if he remembered something.

The next second, he turned his palm over, and there was an ancient book in the palm of his hand.

Om~!

As soon as the ancient book appeared, it was automatically suspended in the air, bursting with dazzling golden light, and the breath was extremely extraordinary!

At this moment, Qin Feng is taking all the time to kill those blood gods.

Before you know it, 6 seconds have passed since the challenge!

The advanced progress of "Book of the Present World" has reached 32147/1, and the improvement is extremely fast.

Qin Feng also gained hundreds of millions of attributes!

This made him secretly happy!

But at this moment, he sensed that not far away, the golden light was released, and there seemed to be movement.

He couldn't help but look up, and saw Demon Venerable Ming He sacrificed a mysterious ancient book!

Qin Feng felt a sense of familiarity when he first saw the ancient book.

He can't help but snoop

[Book of the Earth: The pinnacle of high-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

[Reminder: This object is transformed from the upper page of "Book of the Past", mastering the number of tunnels, with space skills]

what!

This is actually the first page of the Book of the Past!

Isn't that exactly what you want!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was pleasantly surprised.

One of his tasks was to collect the Book of the Three Worlds.

Now, the "Book of the Present World" has arrived!

The Book of the Future only has the middle page in hand!

The Book of the Past also only has the middle page in hand!

It's just that he didn't expect that this time, he found the first page of "Book of the Past" again!

Your luck is really good!

As long as he kills Styx Demon, he will be able to get the first page of the Book of the Past.

Qin Feng gets more excited the more he thinks about it!

At the same moment, Styx looked at the Book of the Earth in the air with emotion in his eyes!

Seeing this book, he remembered the mysterious man who called himself 'Heavenly Venerate'!

That's a weird guy in a black robe!

Back then, it was the 'Heavenly Venerate' who taught him how to refine the 'Blood God Son', and taught him how to cultivate the 'Red Lotus of Karma'.

Before leaving, the 'Heavenly Venerate' also presented him with the Book from the Earth.

He was very happy at the time, thinking that Tianzun was his noble person!

After that, according to the method taught by Tianzun, he really refined the Son of Blood, and also cultivated the 'Red Lotus of Karma'.

But whether it is refining the blood **** son or cultivating the red lotus of karma, you need to kill and collect countless karma!

For this reason, he wantonly killed all beings in the world, and finally committed the sin of indiscriminate killing of living beings.

Afterwards, in retrospect, he always felt that he was designed by Tianzun.

When the guy taught the secret technique, he didn't say that a certain type of creature was protected by the heaven and must not be killed.

Otherwise, you will be punished!

On the contrary, Tian Zun also deliberately lied to him and asked him to kill that kind of creature, saying that killing that kind of creature would get the most karma, and it would be easier for the karma red lotus to mature!

He believed it, and was imprisoned by Heavenly Dao!

In short, he felt that he would be imprisoned in Heavenly Prison, which was designed by Heavenly Venerate.

As for why Tianzun did this, he didn't understand at all.

However, those are not important anymore!

His only goal now is to kill Qin Feng and get out of here!

Thinking of this, Demon Venerable Minghe looked at Qin Feng coldly!

In such a short time, Qin Feng killed more than 100,000 blood gods. Damn it!

However, this little thief's death time has come.

With the help of "Book from the Ground", he will have a way to kill this little thief!

With this in mind, Styx is about to take action!

But at this moment, Qin Feng's body lit up with an upgraded white light!

That's because Qin Feng's vocation has been upgraded again. He has reached level 64, and his aura has become stronger!

"Damn!"

The Demon Venerable Styx was annoyed when he saw it, so he quickly pinched the seal and launched "Book from the Ground".

Om~!

There was an earthquake!

"Book from the Ground" shines brightly!

Immediately afterwards, an invisible force emanated from the Book of the Earth, instantly covering the area where Qin Feng was located!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the area where Qin Feng was located shrank strangely.

Qin Feng was shocked to find that the distance between the blood gods and him was shrinking at a speed visible to the naked eye.

In the blink of an eye, the hundreds of millions of blood gods around him drew closer to him.

At this moment, up, down, left, right, in all directions, within a radius of three thousand zhang, there are more than 100 million blood gods, so dense that even the wind can't penetrate!

The Son of Blood closest to Qin Feng is only three feet away!

Qin Feng was stunned!

How is this going?

How did these blood 187 sons suddenly close the distance!

But without waiting for him to think about it, those blood gods took action one after another!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

One after another lightsaber attacks shot out from the hands of those blood gods!

More than 100 million blood gods are more than 100 million lightsaber attacks!

That joint strike, the momentum was earth-shattering, the attack power suddenly reached 3 billion stars, and it was madly besieging Qin Feng!

Qin Feng's face changed greatly!

Such a terrifying blow, even if he defended with all his strength, he would be blasted on the spot, and even his soul body would be smashed on the spot!

He couldn't resist this blow at all!

And his Divine Feather Arrow Formation can only shoot nearly 10,000 feather arrows at a time, and it can't resist hundreds of millions of attacks!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of millions of attacks came!

Heaven and earth, in all directions, densely packed and airtight!

Under such a dense siege, not even a fly can fly out!

Qin Feng looked around anxiously and found that there was nowhere to escape!

Even the corpse puppet on the side showed fear!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The corpse senses danger!

huh~! huh~! huh~!

In just one thought, billions of lightsabers are approaching!

Seeing that, Qin Feng is about to be attacked by hundreds of millions of ways, and he will be killed into scum!

Not far away, Demon Venerable Styx was so excited that his eyes lit up!

Ha ha!

This little thief will be killed by him after all!

He's getting out of trouble!

But this idea came to me, and the field changed suddenly!

Om~!

I saw Qin Feng pinch a seal!

Back in time!

Instant start!

In the next breath, the timeline of the entire space begins to flow backwards!

The attacks of those blood gods unexpectedly flowed back at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The area where Qin Feng is located is back to the previous state!

Those blood gods also returned to their original positions, most of which were far away from Qin Feng!

The crisis is over in an instant!

Demon Venerable Styx was completely dumbfounded!

Damn it!

This little thief actually controls the reverse of time and space!

His previous attack was in vain again!

Chapter 725 Shrink the ground into an inch! Hell Yellow Springs!

Demon Venerable Styx is extremely angry!

However, after thinking about it, he sneered again in his heart!

Ah! That 'time travel is magical, but the cooldown time of the skill is long.

After this little thief used it once, if he wanted to use it a second time, he would have to wait a long time.

But the space skills attached to this Book from the Ground have no cooling time.

Since the first attempt failed, try again!

With this in mind, Demon Venerable Styx hurriedly moved the seal, and was about to activate the "Book of the Earth" skill again.