Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The space skill attached to "Book of the Ground" is - shrinking the ground into an inch!

[Shrink the ground into an inch: You can arbitrarily change the size of the space, and you can even change the size of the space to achieve the effect of teleportation]

Om~!

In just an instant, the Book from the Ground lit up with dazzling light!

Shrink to the ground!

Second launch!

Demon Venerable Styx had finished the seal and began to push the Book of the Earth with all his strength.

Om~!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

An invisible force of time and space spread out from Qin Feng, and instantly enveloped the entire heaven!

Qin Feng actually performed a secret technique in advance!

It turned out that when Demon Venerable Minghe moved the seal, Qin Feng noticed his move and knew that he was going to launch the second 'shrink the ground into an inch'.

This makes Qin Feng secretly shouted that it is not good!

He must never let the Demon Venerable Styx launch successfully!

If he succeeds again, he will fall into the siege of hundreds of millions of blood gods, and he will surely die.

Because of his time and space reversal, the cooling time is relatively long.

When Demon Venerable Styx successfully launched, he would have no way to reverse the time and space, and there would be no way to solve the crisis.

At that moment, he thought of another time and space skill, and he preempted it and displayed it first!

hum~~!

At this moment, Qin Feng showed that skill!

The invisible power of time and space radiated from him and enveloped the entire space.

At the same moment, Styx Demon's skills were also activated!

Om~!

I saw the invisible power released by "Book from the Ground" again, which instantly enveloped the area where Qin Feng was located.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the area where Qin Feng was located trembled slightly.

Demon Venerable Styx opened his eyes in excitement, looking forward with anticipation!

Om~!

But the next breath, the space vibrated, and it quickly returned to calm without any change!

Demon Venerable Styx was stunned!

Shrinking into the inch failed? !

At the same moment, Qin Feng also breathed a sigh of relief!

His method really works!

It turned out that at the moment when Ming He was about to use the 'shrinking the ground into an inch', he pre-empted and displayed another time-space skill - time-space confinement!

[Time and Space Imprisonment: Within five seconds, all time skills and space skills cast by the target will be invalid]

Of course, 'Space-time Imprisonment' can imprison S-level time skills and S-level space skills, but cannot imprison SS-level space-time skills.

At the beginning, Jin Ao used this method to imprison his time backward, but was broken by his time backward!

After that, he extracted this skill from Jin Ao's turtle shell, and now it is used to restrain "shrinking into an inch", but the effect is amazing!

This restraint shrinking into an inch, Qin Feng shook his wings and continued to kill those blood gods.

At this moment, Demon Venerable Styx calmed down!

What exactly is going on? !

How can shrinking into an inch fail? !

Could it be that he pinched the seal wrong?

With this in mind, Demon Venerable Styx moved the seal again and again, urging the Book of the Earth again.

But he pushed it three times in a row, and it all failed.

In just a while, Qin Feng killed hundreds of thousands of blood gods again!

Demon Venerable Styx was so distressed that he couldn't breathe, and there was a kind of despair in his heart!

He can't beat Qin Feng in a duel!

I wanted to use the Blood God Son to fight in groups, but I couldn't beat it, and instead, I kept losing a lot of Blood God Son!

Can't go on like this!

This kid is horrible!

He must stop in time!

Thinking of this, the Demon Venerable Styx waved his hand.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the billions of blood gods retreated to the sea of ​​​​blood.

Demon Venerable Styx also dived directly into the sea of ​​blood!

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was taken aback.

He did not expect that the blood **** army would retreat!

How could he let go of this opportunity to obtain Destiny Value!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Immediately, he chased and killed those blood gods.

Corpse puppets are also chasing them all the way!

In just a moment, Qin Feng and Corpse Puppet joined forces to kill more than 200,000 blood gods!

This in turn allowed Qin Feng to harvest a lot of attribute points, energy values, and judgment values.

The corpse puppet is a puppet refined by Qin Feng, and the blood **** son it kills will naturally feed back to Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, Demon Venerable Styx and all the blood gods all got into the sea of ​​​​blood and disappeared.

This is the end of the harvest feast!

At this moment, the entire sea of ​​blood is empty!

Qin Feng could not sense any aura from the Demon Venerable Ming He, nor could he sense the aura of any Blood God Son.

The Styx Demon and the Blood God Son have merged with the sea of ​​blood.

At this moment, under the sea of ​​blood, came the proud voice of Demon Venerable Styx.

"Little thief! The deity has returned to the sea of ​​blood! You can't do anything about it now. 々!"

"The sea of ​​blood won't dry up, and the deity won't die! If you can't kill the deity, you won't be able to pass the level! So, your attention will definitely fail! Haha!"

At this moment, over the sea, Styx's proud laughter echoed!

In fact, Styx's heart is also extremely depressed!

Qin Feng can't kill him, the challenge will fail!

And if he can't kill Qin Feng, Tiandao will not let him out of prison!

This means that both sides are losing, and there is no winner.

However, now facing Qin Feng, he is already afraid and dare not fight again!

The more the war goes on, the more he loses.

In this way, he just wants to preserve his strength, no longer play, and he can finish it for 30 minutes.

Anyway, Qin Feng can't kill him!

It's so easy to cook for 30 minutes!

Thinking of this, Styx's confidence skyrocketed!

At the same moment, Qin Feng looked at the sea of ​​blood in front of him, and suddenly felt that he had no idea what to do.

At the same time, he was extremely anxious!

Calculate the time, only 5 seconds to 20 seconds!

Once it exceeds 20 seconds, he will not get the highest rating.

But now, Demon Venerable Styx has changed his strategy, and the counterattack is defense. He really has no way to take Styx!

If he wants to kill Styx, he must first let the sea of ​​blood dry up!

But this huge sea of ​​blood wants to dry up, let alone 5 seconds, even if he is given five days and five nights, he can't do it!

Do it like this? !

Could it be that he really couldn't get past this hurdle? !

Qin Feng is not reconciled!

He also wants to get more points and rewards!

Is there no way?

what! correct!

A light flashed in Qin Feng's mind!

He suddenly remembered some myths and legends of Long Bi.

It is rumored that this 'Netherworld Blood Sea' comes from the Yellow Springs of Hell and is a part of Hell.

In other words, its attribution should be Hell Yellow Springs.

Isn't that...

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if thinking of something.

In the next breath, he hurriedly pinched the seal and performed the secret technique!

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The sea of ​​​​blood is in the sky, shaking!

Immediately afterwards, a huge door of light rose in front of Qin Feng.

As soon as the door of light appeared, it exuded a heaven-shattering aura, which seemed sacred and solemn!

Look at the gate of light, there is a mysterious long bridge!

Under the long bridge, the river is dim and the waves are surging!

Looking at Hanoi, there are countless corpses floating on it, and there are even more evil spirits, struggling in Hanoi, like drowning.

On both sides of the river, there are countless red strange flowers that look like chrysanthemums, but the flowers have no leaves, and the leaves have no flowers!

That is Qin Feng's vocation skill - the door of reincarnation!

Seeing the appearance of the 'Gate of Reincarnation', Qin Feng took a deep breath.

But at this moment, in the depths of the sea of ​​blood, the sneering sound of Demon Venerable Ming He came again.

"." Boy! Don't play some useless tricks! This huge sea of ​​nether blood, even if the **** king comes, there is nothing you can do. Just relying on your small heaven-level realm, how can you help me? Haha!"

As soon as the words fell, Ming He laughed smugly!

But before his laughter fell, Qin Feng started a seal!

Om~!

Suddenly, the gate of reincarnation lit up with a dazzling light, and it produced an infinite suction against the sea of ​​​​blood!