Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next breath, the endless sea of ​​blood rushed towards the gate of reincarnation at an astonishingly fast speed!

At that moment, the sea of ​​​​blood seemed to have found its home, and it was obviously actively pouring into the door of reincarnation!

"Hey! What's going on here?"

In the depths of the sea of ​​​​blood, there was an extremely panicked voice from Styx.

Such a sudden change made him unexpected!

Qin Feng is also full of surprises!

He sure didn't guess wrong!

The gate of reincarnation is the gateway to the yellow spring of hell.

He used the Gate of Reincarnation to absorb the 'Netherworld Blood Sea', that is, to return it to its original position and return to the Yellow Springs of Hell.

The 'Netherworld Sea of ​​Blood' is a heaven and earth wonder of the highest rank of gods, it has its own spirituality and cannot be regarded as a dead thing.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the blink of an eye, the huge sea of ​​​​netherworld blood was swallowed by a third of the gate of reincarnation.

Demon Venerable Styx finally reacted!

He was in a hurry: "Boy! Stop it! Stop it! Don't swallow my blood!"

Om~!

At the same moment, the entire sea of ​​blood lit up with red light!

The Demon Ancestor Styx tried to use the power of his own thoughts to prevent the sea of ​​blood from entering the gate of reincarnation.

But no matter how he stopped it, the speed at which the sea of ​​blood poured into the gate of reincarnation did not slow down at all.

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng was secretly happy.

However, he did not waste time.

Taking advantage of the gate of reincarnation to swallow the sea of ​​blood-sucking, he opened his panel to check the previous harvest.

[Free attribute]: 1.37 billion points

Actually harvested 1.37 billion attribute points!

Very good harvest!

Qin Feng was surprised!

These are what he got from killing the Son of Blood before.

Seeing this, Qin Feng no longer delays.

At the moment, he has two uses, while controlling the gate of reincarnation to swallow the sea of ​​blood-sucking, while adding some points to himself.

He knows that there will be a big battle next!

He must raise his combat power to the peak, so that he can kill the Styx Demon at the fastest speed.

In just a moment, he completed the addition, and the basic combat power skyrocketed by 270,000 stars!

Boom~Long~Long~!

It was at this moment that the gate of reincarnation swallowed the 'Netherworld Blood Sea' completely!

The huge heavenly prison suddenly became empty!

There was only one 'Red Lotus of Karma' left in the field, and a solitary figure, standing in a mess in the wind.

Chapter Seven Hundred and Twenty-Six Peeps Knowing Heavenly Venerate! The harvest is overwhelming!

That solitary figure is naturally the Demon Venerable Styx!

At this moment, he looked around with a messy face, a little lost.

He never thought that Qin Feng would be able to swallow his nether blood sea completely.

This is equivalent to drying up the sea of ​​blood in disguise!

What makes him more distressed is that there are more than 400 million blood gods hidden in the sea of ​​blood!

Just gone?

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, a tremor sounded in the air!

Qin Feng's door of reincarnation is slowly closing.

Demon Venerable Styx woke up suddenly!

He quickly looked at Qin Feng!

At the same moment, Qin Feng also looked at him!

The two sides face each other!

The atmosphere in the field instantly became tense!

However, Demon Venerable Ming He's eyes, in addition to the monstrous hatred, also showed a trace of fear.

Before he knew it, he was afraid of Qin Feng.

huh~!

But before he thought about it, Qin Feng disappeared out of thin air.

There are only 2 seconds left, and it's almost 20 seconds!

Qin Feng wants to kill Styx Demon within 20 seconds and get a super rating.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

huh~!

In the next breath, he teleported behind Styx Demon!

"Damn!"

Demon Venerable Styx instantly sensed it, and his face changed slightly.

shuh~

In the next breath, he also teleported, and he was tens of thousands of feet away.

At this moment, he has only one thought, and that is to delay time.

He knew that without the Netherworld Sea of ​​Blood, he was afraid that he would not be Qin Feng's opponent and would not be suitable to fight recklessly.

However, it is not easy for Qin Feng to kill him.

As long as he keeps dodging and fleeing, Qin Feng can't get him.

After 30 minutes of waiting, the challenge was over, and he was still able to survive.

But Qin Feng will challenge and fail!

"what!"

Seeing Ming He fleeing away, Qin Feng was slightly taken aback!

He thought that this Styx would fight him to the death.

After all, Styx still has the power to fight!

Unexpectedly, this guy was so cautious and fled when he saw him approaching.

As a result, the situation of 567 is not good!

After all, he's running out of time!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's wings shook, and the divine wings were launched.

huh~!

It was another teleportation, and he was behind Styx all at once.

Two teleports in a row can only be done by Qin Feng.

That's the combination of his teleportation and Divine Wing Escape!

But without waiting for Qin Feng to take action, Ming He's whole body was full of aura, and the phantom of "Book from the Ground" appeared in the back of his head.

Swish~!

In the next breath, he stepped out, and in an instant he was thousands of feet away.

That is exactly the skill attached to the book of the earth - shrinking into an inch!

Qin Feng was stunned!

damn it!

This guy is shrinking to the ground and moving very fast!

He took one step and waited for others to take 10,000 steps.

Swish~!

Qin Feng was helpless, and he chased and killed Ming He in a flash!

His teleportation, divine wing escape, time and space imprisonment, and time reversal are all on skill cooldown.

Now, he can only rely on his own speed, but chase and kill Styx Demon.

At that moment, his S-rank escape law and S-rank extreme wind law were all activated, and his speed was maximized!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Qin Feng's movement turned into an afterimage, which stirred the sky and the earth, and the momentum was shocking!

His speed has completely reached the limit level of the main god!

In the blink of an eye, he was in front of Styx!

huh~!

Before he could make a move, Ming He took another step forward, reaching a thousand feet away again!

Qin Feng was depressed and chased away again...

Swish~! Swish~! Swah~!

He chased and killed three times in a row, and each time he came to the front, Ming He used the ground to escape!

The speed of shrinking into an inch is faster than his speed!

As a result, Qin Feng had no way to catch up with Styx Demon, let alone kill him.

Of course, if his time-space imprisonment cooling time expires, he will have a way to catch up with Styx.

But the crux of the problem is that Qin Feng wants to get a super rating, but there is only one and a half seconds left, and it is too late to wait for the time-space imprisonment to resume use.

"Little thief! Don't waste your energy on this deity, you can't kill me!"

Avoiding the pursuit several times in a row made Demon Venerable Styx very proud!

He has now made up his mind to use up Qin Feng's time and let Qin Feng lose this challenge.

This is his last stubbornness!

Qin Feng was even more anxious in his heart!

He knew it couldn't go on like this.

If he continues to hunt like this, he will never get a super evaluation!

Thinking of this, he instantly sacrificed a divine page, which was the middle page of the Book of the Future.

Om~!

In just an instant, the middle page of "Book of the Future" was enlightened, causing the earth to tremble.

In the next breath, an incomparably holy white beam of light descended from the sky and fell on the head of Demon Venerable Styx.

All of this is changing so quickly and so suddenly!