Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

But Styx has long since become very cautious.

As soon as he sensed movement above his head, he raised his head slightly, and saw a beam of light shrouding him!

Ah! Bug carving tricks!

Demon Venerable Ming He sneered from the bottom of his heart, then stepped out one step, and instantly reached a thousand feet away...

Seeing that Demon Venerable Ming He was about to avoid the imprisonment of the beam of light, Qin Feng hurriedly took action.

I saw him grabbing at Demon Venerable Styx River in the void!

Heaven and Earth move!

Instant start!

huh~!

In the next breath, he was caught back to his original position!

At this moment, the beam of light just fell, directly on the head of Demon Venerable Ming He!

Om~!

Immediately, Demon Venerable Styx was shrouded in a beam of light, and scenes of the future he longed for appeared in his mind.

In the picture, he retrieved the sea of ​​blood in the netherworld and escaped from the heavenly prison.

He even found a mysterious 'Heavenly Venerate' and asked him why he set up himself in those days...

At that moment, Demon Venerable Styx was lost in the illusion of the future, his eyes became a little confused, and the whole person stood in the same place.

At the same moment, Qin Feng's eyes also showed a hint of astonishment!

Tianzun? !

That is how the matter?

Why did Yan Tian Shenzun and Ming He Demon Zun have the same character in their visions of the future?

That is a mysterious figure who wears a black robe and calls himself 'Heavenly Venerate'!

It turns out that the humanitarian skills mastered in the middle page of "Book of the Future" can not only brainwash the target, but also spy on part of the target's memory.

Before that, Qin Feng spied the existence of Tianzun from part of Yan Tianshen's memory!

This time, he spied the existence of Tianzun from part of Styx Demon's memory again!

What surprised him even more was that Yan Tianshen's life and death book was given by Tianzun.

Styx Demon Venerable's book from the ground is also a gift from Heavenly Venerate!

What a mysterious guy!

However, Qin Feng has no time to think about this.

He has less than a second of time left!

Swish~!

As soon as Qin Feng dodged, he killed the Demon Venerable Styx.

In the blink of an eye, he was behind Styx Demon!

Immediately afterwards, a white light flashed beside him, and the corpse puppet was also summoned by him.

Swish~!

In the next breath, Qin Feng slashed with all his strength and slashed towards the Ming River!

Om~!

At that moment, the sword beam was released, and the golden light was dazzling!

The power of chaos!

The power of luck!

All support it!

The power of that sword was pushed to the extreme, comparable to a full-strength blow of 1.61 billion stars, and it was even stronger than the attack of Styx Demon!

Boom~!

It was at the same moment that the corpse puppet also punched with all his strength and slammed towards the Styx Demon Venerable!

Suddenly, one sword and one punch join forces again!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Wherever the sword wind and fist wind passed, the void was shattered inch by inch, and the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth!

Boom~!

At this moment, Demon Venerable Styx shook his body and finally broke free from the control of the middle page of "Book of the Future", his eyes were clear for a while!

But it's too late!

Qin Feng and the corpse puppet's attack has already fallen, and bombarded him fiercely!

Bang~!

A loud noise like the destruction of the universe!

Thousands of feet of void, all burst!

Demon Venerable Minghe screamed and was blasted on the spot, turning it into a blood mist, leaving only a mass of red true spirits floating in it!

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng's eyebrows suddenly opened, and a holy light of punishment shot out!

Bang~!

Another explosion!

The group of true spirits was instantly blasted, turned into countless residual spirits, and danced in the sky!

In the void, the pitiful roar of Demon Venerable Styx continued to echo, revealing infinite unwillingness!

Whoo~!

Finally killed it!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief!

This time it took nearly 20 seconds, more time consuming than the previous level.

However, he finally got a super rating!

I just don't know, what will be the reward for breaking through the last level?

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations!

It was at this moment that the blood mist in front dissipated, leaving an ancient book in place, which was the Book of the Earth.

Seeing the book on the ground, Qin Feng was delighted.

This is one of the treasures he wants!

huh~!

At this moment, another dazzling golden light flew into Qin Feng's body from the place where Demon Venerable Minghe fell...

[You successfully killed Yan Tianshen Zun (the peak of the main god) and obtained +3 billion attributes]

[You successfully killed Yan Tianshen Zun (the peak of the main god) and obtained +27 trillion energy points]

[You successfully killed Yan Tianshen Zun (main **** peak), and obtained +3 points of gold judgment]

【Your level is promoted to level 79】

[Your vocation is promoted to Level 65 Judgment Supreme (Intermediate)]

[The luck absorption is successful! Your Heavenly Fate Divine Sword has swallowed all the luck of Styx Demon! Congratulations, you got 30 times the luck value! 】

Another huge gain!

Qin Feng got 3 billion attribute points and 30 times the luck value, and his level and vocation were also upgraded.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

This made him smile with satisfaction!

Then, he dodged to the book on the ground and put it away.

No matter what the relationship between this book and Tianzun is, he finally got a big harvest.

"The Book of the Past" was three pages long, and he was only short of the next page.

After collecting the book, he walked to the red lotus of Karma, picked it, and sent it into the zero-degree space.

So far, the treasures in the prison have basically been harvested by him.

Qin Feng looked around to see if there were any missing treasures.

"Hey! This is..."

Soon, he looked at the place where Demon Venerable Ming He had fallen, showing doubts.

Before that, after the guarding demon **** was beheaded by him, the soul aura would all disappear.

Why did Styx's soul shard still remain in place after he died?

Just when Qin Feng was puzzled, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Demon Venerable Styx killed the Heaven Protector Clan indiscriminately and committed the sin of Heaven, and will not be resurrected by Heaven after death! 】

Qin Feng was stunned!

That Styx Demon Venerable is really miserable!

This death, even if it is completely fallen!

"Huh! By the way! Can I..."

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and he suddenly thought of an idea.

That is, he used the door of reincarnation to resurrect the Styx Demon Venerable, and then recovered it, I wonder if it is feasible? .

Chapter 727 Additional Rewards! Seal the reincarnation!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng feels that he can give it a try!

You must know that Demon Venerable Styx is not an ordinary god-level powerhouse.

He has a sea of ​​blood in the nether world, and even the king of gods can't kill him.

In addition, he also has 480 million blood **** sons, and his comprehensive attack can only be compared with the quasi **** king.

Such a powerful existence, if it can be recovered, it will definitely be a great help!

With this in mind, Qin Feng will use the door of reincarnation...

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the void vibrated, and Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, for killing the Styx Demon, it took less than 1 second]

[Congratulations to player Qin Feng, who won the super evaluation reward]

[Reward player Qin Feng, Shenwu points - 2 points]

[Reward player Qin Feng, eight times the reward for passing the level]

【The rewards for this level are as follows】

[Reward players with 6 times the luck value]

[Reward players with 4 Daogu Dan (middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 4 Shenmai Pills (middle-grade gods)]

[Reward players for the source of divine power in 3 groups (the peak of the middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward players for the source of soul power of the 3 groups (the peak of the middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 3 drops of golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level)]