Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

[Reward players for 3 groups of primary good fortune spirit (top-grade god-level peak, cannot be doubled)

[Reward player 1 group of mid-level good luck (the limit of high-grade gods, can not be doubled)]

…

[After eight times, the changes are as follows]

[Reward players with 48 times the luck value]

[Reward players with 32 Daogu Dan (middle-grade god-level)]

[Reward players with 32 Shenmai Pills (middle-grade gods)]

[Reward players for 24 regiments of the source of divine power (the peak of the middle-level divine order)]

[Reward players for the source of soul power of 24 groups (the peak of the middle-level god-level)]

[Reward players with 24 drops of golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level)]

[Reward players for 3 groups of primary good luck (the peak of high-grade gods, cannot be doubled)]

[Reward players for 1 group of intermediate-level good luck (the limit of high-grade gods, cannot be doubled)]

Qin Feng is full of surprises!

The reward for the last level is really rich!

He is so satisfied!

Especially the rare aura of good fortune, which was only rewarded in the last level, and it was still elementary.

This level actually rewarded 4 groups!

3 groups of primary, 1 group of intermediate.

In particular, Qin Feng is looking forward to the mid-level good fortune.

That is the existence of the limit of high-grade gods.

If his expectations are not bad, then the energy of the intermediate level of good fortune can make the top-grade **** rank peak and be promoted to the limit of the high-grade **** rank.

If this is the case, he can make Zhentian Divine Wing once again be promoted to the limit of the high-grade **** rank.

This has greatly improved his strength.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was even more looking forward to it.

Boom~Long~Long~!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

At this moment, the sky oscillated, and a milky white light beam of luck descended, covering Qin Feng...

The sense of comfort that qi transport filled his body immediately spread throughout his body!

In just a moment, Qin Feng's luck value skyrocketed to 398 times!

This makes him very satisfied!

You must know that if the luck value reaches 5 times, he can be promoted to the master of intermediate destiny.

At that time, his strength will skyrocket again!

When the luck value reaches 1 times, he can be promoted to the advanced master of destiny, and at the same time, he will automatically obtain the SSS-level talent - the law of destiny!

The law of destiny is extremely difficult to obtain!

Through the middle page of "Future Book", he spied some memories from Yan Tian Shenzun.

From those memories, he learned that the promotion from the Supreme Judgment Supreme to the Supreme Judgment of Hongmeng requires the awakening of the Law of Destiny.

And the promotion of Hongmeng Judgment Supreme is one of the tasks he received.

Therefore, he must realize the law of destiny!

Thinking that Yan Tian Shenzun chose to abandon his physical body in order to understand the law of destiny, and turned into a ghost cultivator, only then did he realize the law of destiny.

But without the physical body, Yan Tian Shenzun can no longer be promoted to the Supreme Court of Hongmeng.

It can be seen that it is difficult to understand the law of destiny.

However, Qin Feng now has a shortcut, that is, being promoted to the advanced master of destiny, he can automatically obtain the law of destiny.

Therefore, he is very concerned about the promotion of the title of Lord of Destiny.

Boom~Long~Long~!

Just then, a second beam of light descended from the sky...

Daogu Dan and other rewards fell down the beam of light one after another.

Qin Feng happily put away the reward!

In particular, the four groups of good fortune qi will be of great use to him in the future.

Among them, the mid-level good fortune qi, he can use to promote Zhentian Divine Wing.

The remaining three groups of primary Qi of Good Fortune, he plans to wait for the zero-dimensional space to be promoted to the high-grade God Rank, and then use the Qi of Good Fortune to promote it to the peak of the high-grade God Rank.

However, the promotion of space is difficult!

It's hard to say whether the three groups of good luck are enough.

Of course, all of this is in Qin Feng's vision, and the specific operation will not be known until the space is promoted.

In this way, Qin Feng happily put away the reward, checked the Shenwu points again, and suddenly reached 6255 points!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Reminder: It is detected that your Shenwu points have reached 6255 points, which is more than 5 points. Congratulations, you have reached the no-superior evaluation standard in advance! 】

[It was detected that the player 'Qin Feng' performed extremely well, and the following additional rewards were given]

[Additional reward to contestant Qin Feng! +5 Reputation]

[Additional reward to contestant Qin Feng! +50 times luck]

[Additional reward to contestant Qin Feng! +2 Mission of Good Fortune (Intermediate)]

[Additional reward to contestant Qin Feng! When promoted to the demigod realm, 1 point of Shenwu points can increase the combat power of 40,000 stars]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

He didn't expect that if he completed the no-superior evaluation task ahead of time, he could get additional rewards!

What a surprise!

Moreover, the extra rewards are extremely generous!

Especially the last item, when you are promoted to the demigod realm, 1 point of Shenwu points can increase the combat power of 40,000 stars!

This is unprecedented!

According to the promotion rules of the demigod realm...

10 to 99 points, when promoted to the demigod realm, 1 point can increase the combat power of 10,000 stars.

1 to 999 points, 1 point can increase the combat power of 20,000 stars.

More than 1 point, 1 point can increase the combat power of 30,000 stars....

Today, Qin Fengneng can increase 40,000 star combat power by 1 point, which is unprecedented!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was very excited!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao dropped the reward!

A beam of light fell on Qin Feng.

In just a moment, his reputation has increased by 5 points, and his total reputation has reached 43,000!

The luck has reached 448 times, and it is a big step forward from being promoted to the intermediate master of destiny.

There is also an intermediate level of good fortune, and he has accumulated 3 regiments in his hands.

These are huge gains!

Qin Feng is extremely satisfied!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, a new reminder came from Tiandao...

[Player Qin Feng's score has broken 6 points, and the only evaluation opportunity - Dao sub-level evaluation is automatically activated]

[Dao sub-level evaluation: There is only one universe in one party, and it is unique. After someone in this universe obtains it, such evaluation opportunities will no longer be issued]

Boom~!

Qin Feng was shocked and full of surprises!

Unique evaluation opportunity!

That is to say, no matter how long the universe was born, only one person can get such an evaluation!

If such an opportunity is missed, there will be no chance again.

What makes Qin Feng even more curious is why such evaluations are called 'Daozi'-level evaluations?

Does it mean the Son of Heaven?

still…

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for Qin Feng to think about it, Tiandao's reminder continued to come...

[Dao sub-level evaluation: Shenwu points reach more than 10,000 points, subject to the completion of the False God realm assessment]

[Reminder: This chance challenge fails, no penalty! No time limit! 】

10,000 points!

Qin Feng took a deep breath!

This unique evaluation is really hard to get!

He only had two tests left in the False God realm.

And his current points are 6255 points, and he is still 3745 points away to reach 10,000 points.

In other words, he has to get 3745 points in the next two assessments before he can get a 'Daozi' grade evaluation.

On average, he will get about 19 points in each assessment!

Rumor has it that the two assessments in the False God Realm are very difficult to get points.

If you can reach 1 point in the Demigod Realm combat assessment, it would be good to achieve 1 point in the first assessment of the False God Realm.

As for the second game, it's even more difficult, I'm afraid I can't get 20 points!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

He doesn't know if he can get so many points...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao sent a reminder again...

[After 3 seconds, the player will be sent back to the main hall. 】

[After the players rest for 10 minutes, the demigod promotion ceremony will be held]

As soon as he heard the prompt, Qin Feng remembered the resurrection of the "Styx Demon".

He quickly waved his hand and took the corpse back to zero-dimensional space.

Afterwards, he continued to pinch the seal with both hands...

Om~!

A huge gate of reincarnation emerged, exuding a sacred and solemn aura!

In the next second, the gate of reincarnation lit up with a dazzling aura, creating an infinite suction towards the entire heaven...

Suddenly, the blood mist and true spirit fragments scattered by Demon Venerable Styx were all sucked in...