Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

In less than a second, a tall and stalwart figure condensed and formed in the door of reincarnation!

It is that Styx Demon Venerable!

He was successfully resurrected!

With this resurrection, Demon Venerable Styx is also a little confused!

He stood inside the reincarnation door and looked around blankly.

He saw Huangquan, Naihe Bridge, and the other side of the flower...

Soon, he reacted and shouted in excitement.

"Haha! Resurrected! I was resurrected!"

Immediately, he thought of something, and stood in the door of reincarnation, looking at Qin Feng outside the door...

"Boy, did you resurrect the deity?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "That's right!"

Hearing this, Demon Venerable Styx looked complicated.

He opened his mouth, not knowing what to say for a while.

After a while, he asked, "Why do you want to resurrect this deity?"

"Recognize me as master! Surrender to me!"

Demon Venerable Styx was furious: "Recognize you as the master? This is absolutely impossible! Boy, don't think that if you resurrect me, the deity will be grateful to you!"

As soon as he finished speaking, he stepped out of the door of reincarnation...

Om~!

But at this moment, the door of reincarnation lit up with golden light, and a translucent golden mask was formed at the door!

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

Demon Venerable Styx slammed into the mask, but didn't step out...

Qin Feng smiled coldly: "When you figure it out, you will be let out!"

As soon as the voice fell, he waved his hand!

Bang~!

A muffled sound!

The door of reincarnation suddenly closed, and it automatically disappeared into the void, disappearing!

That Styx Demon Venerable was trapped in reincarnation...and.

Chapter 728 Killing two birds with one stone! Mysterious Heavenly Venerate!

"Let me out! Let me out!"

In the void, the mourning of the Demon Venerable Styx continued to echo!

Qin Feng looked at the direction where the door of reincarnation disappeared, the corners of his mouth were slightly raised, and he was too lazy to pay attention.

He knew clearly in his heart that it would not be a matter of a while to regain the Demon Venerable Styx.

That guy is not an ordinary main god-level almighty, and he is very proud in his heart!

This time the fiasco, the guy is still very unconvinced.

It seems that after he breaks through to the False God realm, he will meet with Demon Venerable Styx for a while and teach him a more painful lesson.

It is estimated that after that, it will be able to let it succumb!

With this in mind, Qin Feng made up his mind!

Just then, the countdown ends!

He turned into white light and disappeared into the heaven.

As soon as he returned to the assessment hall, Qin Feng entered the zero-degree space.

At this moment, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng began to take stock of the harvest this time.

He collected Daogu Dan, Shenmai Dan, the source of divine power, and the source of soul power, leaving only 24 drops of golden dragon blood.

The golden dragon blood of the upper-level gods!

This is the only resource that has not reached the upper limit of refining and can improve his strength.

Qin Feng attaches great importance to it.

His current bloodline talent is 3.7% of SSS-level Great Perfection, and he can continue to absorb all kinds of divine blood to improve his bloodline talent.

It is rumored that above the SSS-level Great Perfection level, the bloodline talent will enter a new level, bringing about a huge change in rebirth!

As for what kind of change, Qin Feng is not clear, but it will definitely increase his strength.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

In addition, the 'Fa Xiangtiandi' will definitely undergo huge changes!

At this thought, Qin Feng was full of expectations.

Immediately, he summoned twenty-four fission bodies and asked them to take a drop of divine blood to refine...

Then, he waved his hand again, and in front of him appeared, two milky white light groups, exuding an amazing aura...

[The Qi of Creation (Intermediate): The limit of high-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth]

[Reminder: Integrating this energy into the top-grade god-level peak treasure can make it promoted to the top-grade god-rank limit level]

This 'breath of creation' is magical!

Qin Feng's thoughts moved, and two fission variants were separated from his body.

Afterwards, the two fission bodies each took away a mass of good fortune and left.

They want to promote the 'Tiantian Divine Armor' and the 'Zhentian Divine Wing' to the limit of high-grade gods.

At this point, Qin Feng still has four groups of good fortune in his hands.

Three groups of primary, one group of intermediate, reserved for later use.

Afterwards, he separated another fission variant and took the Book from the Ground to study it aside.

After dealing with these trivial matters, Qin Feng opened the panel again and began to add some...

When he killed Styx Demon, he also gained 3 billion attributes.

After a while, he finished adding points and opened the panel....

[Level]: Level 79

[Vocation]: Level 65 (Intermediate Judgment Supreme)

【Reputation】: 43,000 points

[Air Luck]: 448 times

[Basic combat power]: 18.7 billion stars

[Shenwu points]: 6255 points

very good!

The basic combat power has reached 18.7 billion stars!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

This is just the basic combat power!

If you add equipment and cast the magic of heaven and earth, it will be amazing!

Having said that, he is about to break through to the demigod realm.

At that time, his strength will be greatly improved!

Qin Feng was excited when he thought of breaking through to the demigod realm.

Then, he thought that time was running out and he couldn't delay any longer.

Ten minutes from the outside world, the ceremony to advance to the demigod realm will begin.

He has to hurry up and finish the chores!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng hurriedly waved!

huh~!

With a flash of red light, a red lotus flower emerged out of thin air.

I saw that red lotus, with eleven petals, as high as a hundred feet, the whole body was bright red like fire, and the breath was amazing!

[Red Lotus of Karma: The limit of the high-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth, immature]

[Reminder: The red lotus of karma was bred from the sea of ​​blood in the netherworld. It matures when it has twelve petals. After maturity, you can reach the top-level **** level]

[Reminder: The immature karmic fire red lotus cannot recognize its master and cannot use it. 】

[Reminder: The immature karma red lotus, if it can eliminate the infinite karma contained in it, can also be swallowed by the mind holy lotus]

The wonders of heaven and earth at the limit of high-grade gods!

This is one of the biggest gains of his breakthrough this time!

If his 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' swallows it, I am afraid that he will be able to evolve to the highest level of God in one fell swoop!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a burst of heat in his heart.

However, if you want to devour this ‘karma fire red lotus’, you must first eliminate the infinite karma contained in it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng waved his hand again and summoned the "Book of the World"...

[Book of the Present World: The Limits of High-Grade Divine Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Current upgrade progress: Destiny value 17,300/100,000]

[Reminder: When the progress of absorbing the Destiny Value of "Book of the Present World" reaches 100,000/100,000, it can break through to the top-level **** level. 】

Looking at the "Book of the Present World" in front of him, Qin Feng felt emotional.

This time it was a huge gain!

He inadvertently promoted the "Book of the Present World" to the limit of the high-grade **** rank.

However, if he can be promoted to the best **** rank, the power will be even greater, and the help to him will be even greater.

If you want to promote the "Book of the World", you must absorb a lot of destiny.

Generally speaking, only by absorbing fragments of souls, true spirits, etc. above the demigod rank, can one obtain the Destiny Points.

The creatures below the demigod level have not even formed a godhead and have no destiny.

But there are not many creatures above the demigod level in a single star realm.

And absorbing a demigod-rank True Spirit only gets 1 Destiny Point.

It can be seen that the value of destiny is rare!

Qin Feng wants to promote the "Book of the World" to the best **** rank, and he still needs to obtain 82,700 destiny points...

However, he currently has a chance, which may allow "Book of the World" to obtain a lot of destiny.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked at the 'Red Lotus of Karma'.

In the next second, he would pinch the seal and activate the Book of the World.

Om~!

A burst of chirping!

The present book is shining brightly!

Boom~Long~Long~!