Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Immediately afterwards, it slowly opened the page, facing the 'Red Lotus of Karma', producing a huge force of swallowing...

Om~!

Suddenly, Karma Red Lotus also trembled slightly.

Afterwards, wisps of gray-white gas spilled out from the red lotus, and was swallowed by the Book of Existence...

At the same moment, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Your "Book of the Present World" successfully absorbs 'karma', Destiny value +3.3...]

[Your "Book of the Present World" successfully absorbs 'karma', Destiny value +3.1...]

[Your "Book of the Present World" has successfully absorbed 'karma', and the Destiny value +3.2...]

...

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, showing joy!

Everything is as he expected!

Karma is also a kind of destiny!

In this way, he has a way to refine the 'Red Lotus of Karma', and at the same time, "Book of the World" can also harvest a lot of Destiny Points.

This really kills two birds with one stone!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is in a good mood!

At the moment, he will use all his strength to urge the "Book of the Present World" to continue to absorb karma...

In this way, Qin Feng entered the retreat again...

At the same time, in the distant White Tiger Star Region, on that remote and barren planet

Gabriel, Karu, Uriel, and Kaxiu were waiting beside the teleportation node.

At this moment, the teleportation node is shining with dazzling white light, and its energy level is getting closer and closer to the initial level of the main god.

Gabriel's eyes showed joy when he saw this.

"Master, look at the energy status of this teleportation node. In fifteen minutes, I will be able to go to the Blue Star Realm."

Kaxiu said excitedly.

He had been waiting impatiently.

Gabriel nodded with a smile: "Yes! After you pass this time, remember to be cautious. Don't go straight to Longyuan City at the beginning. You have to find out Qin Feng's strength first, and then make a move!"

Kaxiu smiled: "Master, Judas said, that Qin Feng is at most the strength of the true god, and he is not even the limit of the true god. If I want to kill him, I can kill him with one finger, so why be so cautious ?"

As soon as these words fell, Uriel and Karu nodded slightly.

They also felt it was unnecessary.

Up to now, what they are thinking about in their hearts is the "Book of the Present World" and the Holy Land Pass in Qin Feng's hands.

As for Qin Feng's strength, they really didn't take it seriously.

Gabriel took a deep breath and said, "Don't be careless! The deity recalls the words of the mysterious man back then, and always thinks that this Qin Feng is unusual!"

"Otherwise, the mysterious man would not have told me to arrive at the Blue Star Realm within seven days, otherwise the consequences would be unimaginable!"

Hearing this, Kaxiu opened his mouth and hesitated.

Uriel and Karu also looked at each other with an incomprehensible look in their eyes.

In their opinion, Qin Feng's strength is only the pinnacle of true gods. In just seven days, what changes can happen?

It's not that Gabriel-sama thinks too much, right? !

With this in mind, Uriel said, "Lord Gabriel, what is the origin of that mysterious man? Why are you so convinced of his words?"

"That person?"

As soon as the mysterious man was mentioned, Gabriel couldn't help but look at the starry sky in the distance, with a look of awe in his eyes.

After a long time, he turned around and looked at everyone.

"The origin of that person is not clear to the deity. However, that person always wears a black robe and calls himself 'Heavenly Venerate', and his methods are even more astonishing. I am afraid that the king of gods will be like four ants in front of him!"

Boom~!

As soon as these words fell, the three of Uriel were shocked!

My goodness!

In front of that person, the King of God is like an ant!

How strong is that mysterious man who calls himself 'Heavenly Venerate'?

This time, the three of Uriel were completely shocked, and they were speechless for a long time.

Gabriel sighed again: "Now, the three of you understand? Why does this deity attach so much importance to the words of the mysterious man! Existences like that level have the ability to see through the future!"

Hearing this, the three of Uriel nodded slightly, sighing in their hearts.

Afterwards, Kaxiu said with a serious face: "Master, Kaxiu understands! After I go to the Blue Star Realm, I will definitely find out the details of Longyuancheng and Qin Feng, and then act according to the situation!"

Gabriel breathed a sigh of relief: "That's how it should be! The so-called careful sailing is a boat for ten thousand years! Don't be afraid of ten thousand, just be afraid of what happens!"

"Kaxiu understands!"

Kaxiu respectfully took the order.

However, deep in his heart, he still had some doubts.

He can't believe that a guy with the peak strength of a true **** can make a big wave.

Next, several people continued to chat.

Before I knew it, nine minutes passed.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Kaxiu will be able to go to the Blue Star Realm in five or six minutes...

At the same time, Qin Feng's retreat came to an end...

Chapter 729 Promotion to a demigod! Godhead Golden Wheel!

Nine minutes passed in the outside world, and more than four hours passed in the zero-degree space.

At this moment, in the zero-degree space, the cultivation secret room.

The red light flashed on Qin Feng's body, and a series of reminders kept coming.

[Your fission body has successfully refined the golden dragon blood (high-grade god-level)! You get a lot of blood power and combat power increases +60,000 stars...]

[Your fission body refines the blood of the golden dragon...

...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the 24 drops of Golden Dragon blood were all refined.

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After refining those divine blood, his bloodline talent progress has increased to 43.7% of the SSS-level Great Perfection.

And his basic combat power has reached 1.23 billion stars in one fell swoop, officially entering the threshold of the limit of the main god.

Of course, his comprehensive strength is more than that!

If he uses equipment and Fa Xiangtiandi, his comprehensive combat power can only reach 1.7 billion stars.

If you add the power of chaos and luck, it will be even more terrifying!

The more Qin Feng thinks about it, the more satisfied he becomes!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[Your Heaven Thief God Armor is successfully integrated with the ‘Qi of Creation (Intermediate)’, and it will automatically be promoted to the extreme level of the high-grade god-level...]

[Your Thief God Armor feeds back your combat power and increases your combat power to 20,000 stars...]

[Your Awakening of the Thief God Rank comes with the skill - time and space shuttle! 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, the Thief God Armor was finally promoted, and he also awakened the accompanying skill - time and space shuttle.

This means that he can use the time and space shuttle twice in a row in the future.

Once was the 'time and space shuttle' mastered by him, and once was the skills attached to the equipment.

This is like the 'Shentian Divine Wing', which comes with the 'God Wing Escape' skill, allowing him to teleport twice in a row.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Having said that, the 'Shentian Divine Wing' has also integrated the energy of the mid-level good fortune, and has been promoted to the extreme level of the high-level god-level one step ahead.

As a result, the Thief Heaven God Rank, the Heaven Suppressing God Wing, and the "Book of the Present World" in his hands all reached the limit of the high-grade God Rank.

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword has even reached the best divine rank!

This set of top equipment, even if the **** king sees it, he will salivate!

Especially the treasures of the highest grade gods, most gods may not have one.

Qin Feng now has one!

And, he'll have a second one soon.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng raised his head and looked up, where the "Book of the World" was suspended, blooming with dazzling golden light...

[Book of the Present World: The Limits of High-Grade Divine Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Current upgrade progress: Destiny Value 99,700/100,000]

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

With just 3 points of Destiny, the "Book of the Present World" can be promoted to the best **** rank.

The Destiny value of the present world book can be collected so quickly because it absorbs the karma in the 'Red Lotus of Karma'.

As soon as Qin Feng waved his hand, he put away the book of the present.

Then, he looked to the other side of the sky.

There is a huge lotus bud suspended there, the whole body is white as jade, extremely holy, and there is a faint red light hidden inside...

It was Qin Feng's 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' that devoured the 'Red Lotus of Karma'!

At this moment, the two fetishes are merging with each other

Qin Feng watched expectantly.

Time is running out!

Soon, the time off will be over.

He has to go to the promotion ceremony.

I don't know when this 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' can be swallowed up?

Qin Feng just had this idea, and the field changed suddenly!

Om~!

I saw the huge lotus bud, and suddenly the light burst out, instantly illuminating the entire secret room...

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Immediately afterwards, the buds began to bloom slowly!

A strange fragrance also spread out!

"Hey! The flowers are blooming!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with surprise!

Soon, the buds bloomed at a speed visible to the naked eye...

Tiandao also came with a reminder...

[Your 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' has bloomed with eleven petals, and it will automatically advance to the limit of high-grade god-level...]