Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

[Your 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' has bloomed with twelve petals, and it will automatically advance to the highest level of God...]

Om~!

The lotus of mind, fully blooming!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Open twelve petals!

It has actually reached the top level of God!

At that moment, the holy lotus glow filled the house, and the fragrance was overflowing!

Qin Feng was overjoyed!

You must know that condensing the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' is a means above the quasi-god king.

Many sacred lotuses in the divine king realm only bloom with nine petals.

There are very few gods who can reach twelve petals.

That mostly represents a state of perfection!

Nine is the best number!

Twelve is perfect!

Om~!

At this moment, the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' seemed to have a feeling, and it slowly flew towards Qin Feng's eyebrows and kept shrinking.

When it flew in front of Qin Feng, it had shrunk into a white light, which penetrated directly into Qin Feng's eyebrows and disappeared.

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge was churning incessantly!

His whole soul power aura began to skyrocket wildly...

[Your 'Sacred Lotus of Mind' has bloomed with twelve petals and is feeding you huge spiritual energy...]

[Backfeeding is over! Congratulations, your soul body strength has been raised to the ultimate level of the main god, and you have obtained a 10,000-star combat power improvement...]

[Your Divine Punishment Eyes are merging with the 'Sacred Lotus of Mind'...]

【Fusion is complete! Your Divine Punishment Eye has evolved to the top-grade **** rank, and you have obtained the permanent feedback of 50,000-star combat power...]

【Your Punishment Divine Eye has evolved to the best **** rank, and the power of your Divine Punishment Holy Light has increased tenfold... 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the vertical red line between Qin Feng's eyebrows shot out an extremely dazzling golden light, which contained the aura of destroying the world.

I don't know how long it took before all the visions disappeared!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy.

Before he knew it, he had another top-quality god-level treasure, and that was the divine pupil of punishment between his eyebrows.

In addition, his basic combat power also skyrocketed by 1.29 billion stars!

This boost is so powerful!

Having said that, the first item in the False God Realm assessment is related to the strength of soul power.

The stronger his soul power, the more advantageous it is!

I don't know if he can get 19 points of Shenwu in the first stage of the False God realm assessment with the limit of his main god's soul power level?

Qin Feng received the opportunity of evaluation of 'Daozi level'.

In the first assessment of the False God Realm, he must get at least 19 points before he can hope to complete the evaluation challenge.

Whether he can do it is hard to say.

Rumor has it that the test was much more difficult than the mixed martial arts test in the demigod realm...

It is rumored that the test, the highest score in history, is less than 1 point!

Qin Feng is going to score 19 points, which is incredible.

No matter what, his soul power has greatly improved, and the chance of getting a high score has also greatly increased!

What's more, he is about to be promoted to the demigod realm.

At that time, his soul power intensity will increase...

At this moment, Tiandao came to remind again...

[After 10 seconds, the promotion ceremony of the demigod realm will start! Players please get ready! 】

【Countdown: 10….9….】

Qin Feng was overjoyed, and hurriedly dodged and left the zero-degree space.

The next second, he returned to the test hall.

The hall was still empty.

At this time, Qin Feng was very excited.

He is finally going to be promoted to the demigod realm!

Having said that, he scored 6255 points this time!

1 point can be exchanged for 40,000-star combat power, which is the combat power reward after being promoted to the demigod realm!

During the promotion process, players will be transformed by divine power.

During this transformation process, the strength of the players will be greatly improved.

As for the extent of improvement, it depends on the player's own foundation.

The more solid the foundation, the greater the improvement.

Qin Feng's foundation is naturally extremely strong

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Contestants please get ready, and I will perform the demigod promotion instrument for you next]

It's finally starting!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the surrounding space shook, and he turned into white light and disappeared in place.

The next second, Qin Feng appeared on a sacred and huge altar.

Heavenly Dao's reminder came along with it.

【Athletes please sit cross-legged! Now start to shape your godhead]

The demigod assessment is over, and the way of heaven will shape the godhead for the passer!

The False God realm assessment is over, and the way of heaven will shape the divine body for the passer!

Hearing the prompt, Qin Feng quickly sat down with his knees crossed.

As soon as he sat down, the altar lit up with a heavenly light and began to slowly run.

Om~!

Then, the sky shook!

A golden beam of light with a width of ten feet, exuding an extremely sacred atmosphere, descended from the sky and enveloped Qin Feng's whole body.

In the next second, endless golden divine power, like monstrous water, poured into his body continuously, infiltrating every inch of skin, every inch of bone, every hair, every cell.

[Demigod realm is being promoted! Your body is being strengthened by divine power]

[Demigod realm is being promoted! Your blood is being strengthened by divine power]

[Demigod realm is being promoted! Your bones are being strengthened by divine power]

[Demigod realm is being promoted! Your soul body is being strengthened by divine power]

[Demigod realm is being promoted! Your Heavenly Daoji is evolving into a Godhead Golden Wheel

At this moment, Qin Feng is constantly being strengthened by divine power from his body to his soul.

His heaven-level Dao base is rapidly transforming into a godhead golden wheel, and his combat power is soaring all the way!

The thrill of being promoted and becoming stronger spread in his heart.

At the same time, on the remote planet in the White Tiger Star Region.

Gabriel and others have been paying attention to the movement of the transmission node

The four of them also chatted about some topics from time to time, most of which were related to Qin Feng.

At this time, Uriel seemed to think of something.

He couldn't help but say: "Lord Gabriel, if our actions this time are known to Lord Lucifer, the situation will not be good!"

Hearing this, Gabriel changed slightly.

That Lucy God is a quasi-god king, with a combat power of more than 5 billion stars, which is extremely terrifying!

Then, he took a deep breath: "Don't worry! He won't know!"

Unbeknownst to Gabriel, Lucifer was taking a shortcut to the Blue Star Realm.

In about two and a half days, Lucius will arrive at the Blue Star Realm.

Its combat power of more than 5 billion stars is definitely not something Qin Feng can deal with.

Om~!

At this moment, the teleportation node shines brightly!

"That's it!"

Seeing this scene, Gabriel and the others were delighted.

Kaxiu even walked quickly to the teleportation node...

He can finally go to the Blue Star Realm...

Chapter 730 Kaxiu strikes! Elevate everything!

In just a moment, Kaxiu stepped onto the teleportation node.

Om~!

The next second, the teleportation node lit up with a dazzling golden light!

huh~!

Immediately afterwards, Kaxiu turned into a white light and was sent out.

Seeing this scene, Gabriel showed a delighted smile.

Uriel also said happily: "Lord Gabriel, Kaxiu has finally gone to the Blue Star Realm. It is estimated that he will soon have good news!"

Gabriel nodded with a smile: "I hope so! By the way, the two of you also make some preparations. In another ten hours, you can also pass!"

"Yes, my lord!"

The two of Uriel respectfully complied.

Gabriel nodded slightly, then looked up into the depths of the starry sky with a solemn expression on his face.

Before, Uriel mentioned the God of Lucius, which made him feel worried!

If this matter is really known by Lucius, it will be bad.

It seems that he has to seize the time to destroy Qin Feng, and then remove all traces, so as not to be noticed by Lucius that he did it.

correct! Qin Feng still has the Holy Land Pass.

If he gets a pass and enters the Holy Land to gain the opportunity, he might be able to break through to the Quasi-God King in one fell swoop.

When he breaks through to the quasi-god king, then there is no need to fear Lucifer.

Quasi-God King!