Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The minimum combat power has 5 billion stars!

That Lucifer has been a quasi-god king for many years, I am afraid that the combat power has reached more than 6 billion stars!

Thinking of this, Gabriel took a deep breath, feeling a little anxious in his heart.

His combat power is only 2 billion stars. In the face of Lucius, he doesn't even have the ability to escape, so he is naturally worried.

In a word, it's up to Kaxiu next, and I hope Kaxiu can send back good news soon!

With this in mind, Gabriel's eyes returned to the teleportation node again.

At the same time, in the distant Blue Star Realm, in the forbidden area of ​​the Jewish people.

Judas looked at the teleportation formation in front of him with joy.

I saw a stalwart figure in the center of the big formation, it was Kaxiu!

"Judas has seen Lord Kaxiu!"

"Yosere has seen Senior Kaxiu!"

At this moment, Judas bowed respectfully on the ground.

Judah was even more in awe.

"Judas, I haven't seen you for many years, you are still the same, and your cultivation has not improved much!"

Kaxiu smiled and walked down the altar.

Judas sneered and said, "Laughter, sir! By the way, sir, when are you going to attack Qin Feng this time?"

Kaxiu pondered: "The master has told me that I will first find out the situation of Longyuancheng and Qin Feng, and then do it."

Judas smiled: "My lord, Qin Feng has the most power at the peak of the true god. With the strength of your main **** in the early days, killing him is not easy, and you still need to find out?"

Yusele also flattered: "Yeah! Senior Kaxiu, with your strength, you can kill that kid with just one finger!"

Kaxiu took a deep breath: "That said, it's better to be cautious."

Judas nodded slightly: "That's right! Lord Kaxiu, then I will let Yusele accompany you to Longyuan City!"

Kaxiu glanced back at Yosselaar.

This junior is only in the demigod realm, and his strength is too weak. If you bring him, it will only be a drag.

"No! You will tell the deity the route to Longyuan City, just 々〃!"

Kaxiu planned to go to Longyuan City quietly to find out the situation first.

"Sir, there is a route to Longyuan City in this jade talisman, and their old nest will stay at the red mark!"

Judas respectfully handed over a jade talisman.

Kaxiu took a look and showed a satisfied smile.

"Then you continue to charge the teleportation array, and I will go to Longyuan City to explore!"

As soon as the voice fell, Kaxiu's figure flashed and disappeared from the field.

Looking at the direction in which Kaxiu was leaving, Judas and Jussiel were looking forward to it.

After a while, Yusele smiled and said, "Old Ancestor, when will the good news come when Senior Kaxiu is going this time?"

Judas smiled: "It should be very soon! It is estimated that it will only take two or three hours! After all, it is not far from the old lair of Longyuan City."

Yusele said happily: "So! Before the arrival of Ulie and Karu seniors, Qin Feng's matter has been resolved!"

Judas smiled and said: "Of course! Don't talk about it, the old man continues to charge the teleportation array, you come to protect the law. Even if Qin Feng is solved, I still need my master to preside over the overall situation!"

As soon as the words fell, Judas sat cross-legged and continued to charge the teleportation array in front of him.

Jussel also sat aside and continued to protect the Dharma.

At this moment, he is in a very good mood, and his mind is imagining that after Kaxiu destroys Qin Feng, he will be able to get a Holy Land Pass.

At the same time, the Jewish people banned the sky.

Kaxiu looked at the direction of Longyuan City's old nest, where the floating city was located.

Today, the floating city is still in the second division, where the White Devils are stationed in the sky.

Of course, the residence of the White Demons has become the residence of Longyuan.

"At most twenty minutes, I can arrive at Longyuan's lair! It's really curious! What kind of character is Qin Feng, and the mysterious Tianzun has to remind my master specially."

"Looks like things will be interesting this time! Hope that kid won't let me down!"

Kaxiu smiled confidently and flew towards the floating city.

Even with Gabriel's reminder, he was still full of confidence in his killing Qin Feng.

Kaxiu didn't know that Qin Feng's basic combat power had already reached 1.29 billion stars.

In this way, the combat power of Qin Feng's clone has exceeded 1 billion stars.

With such strength, he can completely kill Kaxiu!

What's more, there are three clones of Qin Feng hidden in the floating city, not one.

Of course, Qin Feng's crisis is also approaching.

That crisis is Lucifer!

That guy is an existence with a combat power exceeding 6 billion stars.

Of course, these 6 billion stars were only evaluated by Gabriel.

The actual combat power, Gabriel is still unclear, Kaxiu is even more unclear.

Not only that, but Lucifer also brought the existence of the peak of the five main gods.

This time, God Lucifer came to destroy the entire Blue Star Realm.

That's the real big crisis!

However, Qin Feng's strength is also rapidly improving.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

At this moment, he is being promoted to the demigod realm, and his whole body is being strengthened by divine power.

Of course, it's not just Qin Feng who improves his strength.

His messenger children have also skyrocketed in strength.

To deal with a terrifying existence like Lucifer, he naturally needs the help of Di Jiang and others.

Without the help of Liuyu Zhentian, he probably wouldn't even have the ability to escape.

At this moment, the Great Hall of Creation is somewhere in a remote corner.

The Mirage clone looked at Di Jiang and the others with a look of relief.

During this period of time, several people in Di Jiang had finished refining the resources he had bestowed.

After this, Di Jiang and others all had their strength skyrocketed.

Even the weakest Qiyue and Qingchengzi had a combat power of over 250,000 stars.

The combat power of Di Jiang and Jumang has reached more than 40,000 stars.

With such an increase in strength, Di Jiang and others will definitely shine in the next mixed martial arts assessment, and it is no longer a problem to get a god-level evaluation.

Even Di Jiang and Jumang have a 10% chance of winning the super god-level evaluation.

Thinking of the super god-level evaluation, the Mirage clone was moved.

He is naturally very eager for these two little guys to get super god-level evaluation.

In this way, the two little guys can give his body and sacrifice more combat power, which will be more helpful to his body.

In this way, his body can face a stronger existence.

such a pity!

The refining of resources by these little guys has reached the upper limit.

"Dad! Dad! Is your body about to be promoted to the demigod realm?"

At this moment, next to the Mirage clone, Di Jiang's milky voice sounded.

Feng Xi and several girls also looked over.

At this point, they were all excited.

Obviously, their strength has increased greatly this time, which makes them feel good.

The Mirage clone smiled: "." My body is in the process of being promoted! It is estimated that I will be promoted to the demigod realm soon!"

Xiao Luan'er was overjoyed: "That's great! When Dad breaks through to the demigod realm, our Longyuan City can be upgraded again! Everyone's strength can be improved again!"

Feng Xi also smiled and said, "Yes! As long as the master breaks through to the demigod realm, the 500,000-star combat power will be automatically unlocked!"

The Mirage clone smiled: "When Long Yuan is promoted to the 12th level city, your strength can be improved again! This is very beneficial to your next assessment! By the way, while there is still some time, refine some resources. Bar!"

Feng Xi was surprised: "Master, our resource refining has already reached the upper limit, so we can't refine it any more, right?"

It turned out that with the talents of Feng Xi and others, after refining three Dao bone pills and three bloodline pills, the refining limit has been reached, and further refining has no effect.

Dijiang and Jumang are better.

Daogu Dan and Bloodline Dan, their refining limit is four.

This is incomparable with Qin Feng!

It turned out that the upper limit of refining these medicinal pills was actually linked to qualifications.

This is also what Qin Feng is worried about now.

He has a lot of resources in his hands, but his children and messengers cannot refine them.

He wants to improve the strength of Di Jiang and others, but he is a little helpless.

It seems that he has to find a way to improve the qualifications of Di Jiang and others.

After all, the help of Di Jiang and others to him is too important.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone waved, and there were six more 'sources of soul power' in front of him.

"Before, you refined Daogu Pill, Bloodline Pill, and the source of divine power. You have not refined this source of soul power, but you can still refine it."

As soon as the voice fell, the phantom avatar waved his hand, and the six groups of 'source of soul power' flew to Feng Xi and the other six.

"Wow! It's the pinnacle of the mid-level **** rank again!"

"Thank you dad!"

"Thank you master!"

As soon as Feng Xi and the others got the 'source of soul power', they all showed great joy.

Afterwards, they all sat cross-legged and began to refine the 'source of soul power'.

As we all know, in the Shenwu assessment, the more points you get, the more benefits you get.

Now that there are resources that can improve their strength, it means that they can get more points, and they are naturally happy.

In this way, Feng Xi and the others entered the retreat once again.

The Mirage clone smiled and silently turned on the time force field to protect the law for everyone...

Finally, his eyes fell on Di Jiang and Jumang.

When these two little guys have refined the 'source of soul power', it is estimated that the chance of winning a super god-level evaluation will increase to 20%!

Unfortunately, they are limited by their qualifications and cannot refine more resource groups.

Otherwise, with his help, he can definitely get the two little guys to get super god-level evaluations.

Super divine rating!

That is an evaluation that only has the potential to be like the Azure Dragon Domain Master!

As long as it can be obtained, the future development will naturally be extraordinary.

In any case, he has to find a way to improve the potential of these subordinates.

In this way, the Mirage clone silently guards the side.