Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 731 The Godhead is cast! Soaring strength!

Time flies!

Unconsciously, a quarter of an hour passed.

Under the action of the time force field of the phantom clone, more than three hours have passed in the field.

Di Jiang and others' refining of the 'source of soul power' is also nearing the end.

The Mirage clone looked at them expectantly.

Especially the promotion of Di Jiang and Jumang, he is most concerned about.

In his heart, he still hopes that these two little guys can get super god-level evaluation.

It was only when he had this idea that a sudden change occurred in the field!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Two powerful mental power fluctuations radiated from Di Jiang and Jumang one after another!

The momentum of the two also skyrocketed all the way!

"Hey! Refined!"

Mirage's avatar's eyes lit up!

Knew it!

The talent potential is stronger, and the speed of refining resources will be faster.

The potential of Di Jiang and Jumang is obviously stronger than that of Feng Xi, Xiaoluan'er, Qiyue and Qingchengzi.

After a while, all the visions disappeared!

Di Jiang slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

After refining the 'source of soul power', the combat power reached 490,000 stars.

At this time, Jumang also opened his eyes with a look of joy, and his combat power increased to 450,000 stars.

In addition, the strength of the soul power of the two little guys has also reached the threshold of the true **** realm.

Seeing this, the Mirage clone showed a relieved smile.

With their current strength, the possibility of the two little guys getting a super god-level evaluation has increased to 20%.

such a pity!

The probability of 20% is still too low!

"Dad! Dad! I refined it!"

"Dad! I also refined it!"

At this time, both Di Jiang and Jumang got up from their meditation and ran over happily.

Obviously, the two little guys wanted Qin Feng's approval.

"Hmm! You all did a great job!"

The Mirage clone fondly touched the heads of the two little guys.

These two little guys, one looks like three or four years old, and the other looks like four or five years old, they are all cute and cute.

"Dad, do we hope to get a super god-level evaluation?"

807 Jumang suddenly asked.

The little guy's strength has improved, and he has also coveted the super god-level evaluation.

"Yeah! Dad! Do we have any hope of getting a super god-level rating?"

Di Jiang also asked seriously.

"this"

The Mirage clone touched the heads of the two little guys, and couldn't bear to say it.

The two little guys have a 20% hope, which is basically impossible to get.

such a pity!

He obviously has resources, but because of the limited qualifications of the little guys, he can't continue refining.

If the combat power of the two little guys can reach more than 70 million, then the possibility can reach 50%.

A 50% chance can still be expected.

Thinking of this, the Mirage clone touched the heads of the little guys.

"With your current strength, it's still a little worse. After Dad is promoted to the demigod realm, see if there is a way to improve your qualifications."

"Oh!"

Di Jiang and Jumang nodded slightly.

The faces of the little guys were still full of anticipation.

In their eyes, Dad is omnipotent.

"Hey! This is"

At this moment, the eyes of the phantom avatar lit up, and looked into the depths of the temple with a face of surprise.

It was at this moment, in the depths of the temple.

Qin Feng sat cross-legged on the altar, his eyes slightly closed.

At this moment, his whole body radiated a lot of light, and a golden light wheel appeared behind his head, which seemed extremely sacred.

And his combat power, soul power, qi and blood and other breaths are all skyrocketing all the way.

At the same moment, he knew the sea, and there were constantly reminders of the heavenly way.

[Your 'Heavenly Daoji' has been promoted to 'Godhead Golden Wheel' successfully, you have stepped into the demigod realm]

【Congratulations on your promotion to the demigod realm! The spiritual power in your body has been transformed into divine power, and your combat power has increased by 130 million stars]

Hearing this prompt, Qin Feng was surprised!

It turned out that after being promoted to the demigod realm, there is no longer any power to join the Tao.

At the same time, the spiritual power in the body will be transformed into divine power, a qualitative leap will occur, and the combat power will be greatly enhanced!

As for how much it is enhanced, it depends on the strength of the spiritual power in the body.

Qin Feng's basic combat power has reached 1.29 billion stars, and his spiritual power is naturally extremely strong!

After being transformed into divine power, his combat power has increased by 130 million stars!

If you change to an ordinary player, you will increase about tens of thousands of stars.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

【Congratulations on your promotion to the demigod realm! Your life limit is raised to 70,000 years old]

[Reminder: Demigod Realm Shouyuan is 3 years old, False God Realm is 10,000 years old, True God Realm is 30,000 years old, and Main God Realm is 100,000 years old]

【Congratulations on your promotion to the demigod realm! Your body has been demigodized, and your combat power has once again increased +20,000 stars]

【Congratulations on your promotion to the demigod realm! Your soul power is increased to 97.9% of the limit of the main god, and your combat power is increased by +2 stars again]

【Congratulations on your promotion to the demigod realm! Your bloodline has been strengthened, your bloodline talent has been raised to SSS-level Great Perfection 57.71%, and your combat power has been raised again by +2 stars]

【Congratulations on your promotion to the demigod realm! Your potential qualification +20%]

[Your potential qualification is detected +20%, the upper limit of your refining Daogu Dan +10]

[Your potential qualification is detected +20%, the upper limit of your refining Daogu Dan +10]

[Your potential qualification is detected +20%, the upper limit of your refining "source of divine power" +5 group]

[Your potential qualification is detected +20%, the upper limit of your refining 'source of soul power' +5 group]

It turns out that after being promoted to the demigod realm, you can also improve your qualifications!

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

This does not mean that he can continue refining Daogu Dan and other resources to improve his strength again.

In the same way, after Di Jiang and others are promoted to the demigod realm, their aptitude will also improve, and then they can refine some resources.

This is very helpful for Di Jiang and Jumang to get super god-level evaluation!

Nowadays, Qin Feng is very concerned about Dijiang Jumang's super-god-level evaluation.

If these two little guys really got super god-level evaluation.

This means that he has two subordinates who can rival the Azure Dragon Domain Master in the future, which will be of great help to him.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the operation of the altar gradually stopped!

The divine light shrouded in Qin Feng slowly dissipated.

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and his face was full of joy!

Whoo~!

Finally broke through to the demigod realm!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and got up slowly.

With this breakthrough, his basic combat power has reached 1.48 billion stars in one fell swoop, which is the ultimate power of the main god.

The main god's ultimate combat power range is 1.2 billion to 2 billion stars.

Of course, some of these elites will go beyond this category.

In addition, his upper limit of life essence has also reached 70,000 years old, far exceeding the true **** realm and slightly lower than the main **** realm.

However, when he breaks through to the False God realm, the upper limit of life essence will definitely surpass the Lord God!

In addition, his soul power has reached the limit of 97.9% of the main god, and he is just a line away from the level of a quasi-god king.

This is good news!

The first assessment of the False God Realm is related to the strength of soul power.

The stronger the soul power, the greater the chance of getting a high score!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

This is very beneficial for him to get the evaluation of 'Dao sub-level'!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and the voice of heaven sounded again

[Start to issue points to redeem rewards now]

[It is detected that the player Qin Feng gets a special reward, 1 point of Shenwu points can increase the combat power of 40,000 stars]

[Your Shenwu points are 6255 points, so it can be exchanged for 250.2 million star power]

[Issuing now]

Qin Feng is overjoyed!

The reward points are finally here!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, there was a shock of void!

A dazzling golden beam of light descended from the sky and poured directly into Qin Feng's body

In the next second, his combat power began to soar!

Qin Feng closed his eyes with joy and happily enjoyed the rewards of Heaven.

The ever-increasing pleasure spread from the bottom of his heart once again

After a while, the reward ends and the golden light dissipates!