Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Thinking of this, Qin Feng began to extract the body of the resentful demon.

Om~!

【Endless extraction success! Obtained the B-level talent - Dark Profound Truth. 】

【Your dark talent has been promoted from C level to B level! 】

[Reminder: During the process of awakening the Dark Profound Truth (B-level), you automatically awakened the third-level skill—Shadow Binding. 】

cool!

Got another B-level talent!

Incidentally, he also awakened a powerful skill.

[Your dark talent has been promoted to Grade B, reaching the conditions for promotion of vocation. 】

[You have been promoted to level 4 judge successfully! 】

【Your strength index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your agility index increases by 20 points! 】

【Your BMI increases by 20 points! 】

【Your energy index increases by 20 points! 】

Boom~Long~Long!

At this moment, Qin Feng's momentum continued to soar!

Ha ha!

Upgraded!

The vocation has finally been upgraded!

Qin Feng can't wait to open the panel and check his latest data.

[Level]: Level 11 (80800/500000)

[Holy Duty]: Level 4 Judge (395/1000)

[Reputation]: 62 (novice king)

[Strength]: 621+83 (The Profound Truth of Power, Grade B)

[Agility]: 631+100 (the true meaning of speed, C level)

[Physical constitution]: 623+20 (the true meaning of the body, C level)

[Energy]: 644+100 (six senses connected, C level.)

[Elemental talent]: The true meaning of fire (C-level), the true meaning of earth (C-level), the true meaning of gold (C-level), the true meaning of ice (C), the secret of wood (B-level), the secret of darkness (B-level)

[Blood Talent]: E-Class Bloodline Enhancement (Dragon Blood)

[Born talent]: Endless extraction (SSS level)

[Skills]: Eye of True Sight (Tier 1), Mysterious Crystal Armoring (Tier 2), Hellfire (Tier 3), Outward Energy (Tier 3), Rejuvenation (Tier 3), Beast Control (Tier 3) Tier 3), Phantom Clone (Tier 3), Shadow Binding (Tier 3)

[Combat assessment]: 66 stars

"Not bad! Not bad! It's only 4 stars away, and I can reach 70 stars. At that time, I can become a novice emperor."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

It was at this moment that the corpse of the resentful demon moved.

Qin Feng hurriedly looked down and saw that the armor on the corpse of the resentful demon shattered inch by inch, and finally collapsed into powder.

Boom~Long~Long!

Afterwards, countless black smoke emanated from the Resentful Demon's corpse, and the corpse kept shrinking.

In a blink of an eye,

The body of the resentful demon also shrank to less than two meters, and the head of the sheep turned into a human head.

Fuck it~!

From this point of view, it is clearly a person!

Qin Feng's heart moved, and the Eye of True Sight scanned it away.

[Race]: Human (dead)

[Trait]: The body of the evil spirit

【Origin】: He used to be the mayor of this village. He was defeated and died when he was tested by the Heavenly Punisher. After his death, he carried great resentment, and under the inspiration of the dark demon, he transformed into a resentful demon.

"So this is ah!"

Qin Feng suddenly realized, and also felt emotional.

If he also died in the hands of the Heaven Punisher, I am afraid that he would also be transformed into a resentful demon!

Thinking of this, he felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

no!

He didn't want to become a grudge and a tool to test the latecomers.

He must lead the 911 village to withstand the test of the punisher.

Counting the time, there are only four and a half days left.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the corpse on the ground shattered inch by inch, automatically turning into countless white light spots, dissipating in the air.

Wherever those white light spots went, all the black mist dissipated.

In the blink of an eye, the black fog that shrouded the entire village completely dissipated.

A dilapidated village full of barrens is clearly displayed in this way.

[Reminder: The body of the grudge has dissipated, and the purification of the lost village has been completed. 】

Purification is complete!

Looking at this situation, this village will not disappear, then the wood and stone in this village can be used a lot.

Qin Feng was delighted.

Everything here has finally been dealt with.

"Huh! This is?"

At this moment, he discovered that the place where the Resentful Demon disappeared, there was still a fist-sized black spar.

He hurried forward to pick it up.

[Crystal of Resentment Demon: Mysterious thing. 】

Uh~!

Fuck it~!

There is no explanation.

Just a mystery!

Qin Feng was depressed.

However, this thing is extremely cold in the hand, and it is not ordinary at first glance.

It might be of great use in the future.

At the moment, he put away the crystal of resentment.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder.

[Announcement to the whole world: District No. 9321, Village No. 74 officially established a village and changed its name to "Yongye Village" in District 9321. This name is exclusive. 】

Boom~!

As soon as this announcement came out, the entire Blue Star Realm became a sensation.

There are 10,000 districts in the Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, the regional chat channels of each district are frying.

Countless people exclaimed in amazement and envy.

At the same moment, in the chat channel of Area 1, there was already a lot of amazement.

"I bought it! Someone established a village so quickly! It's so enviable!"

"My God! The highest level in our village is only level 6. It's too far away to establish a village!"

"Axi! That Yongye Village is too strong!"

"Yeah! The person who established Yongye Village must be a super strong!"

"Oh! It's a pity that we don't have such a strong person in our district!"

"Qin Feng from 911 Village is a strong man. Is it possible for him to establish a village soon?"

"Oh! Qin Feng has risen to level 10, but his prestige may not be enough. When he establishes a village, I'm afraid it will take a while."

"Besides, Qin Feng is from the Dragon Kingdom. With the thin and small body of the Dragon Kingdom, no matter how good they are, their strength will be limited."

"Oh! Friends, I also think Qin Feng wants to build a village, it will take several days."

There are many villages in the Lighthouse Country, Kangaroo Country, Asan Kingdom and Western countries in Area 1, accounting for almost 70% of the total villages.

Even though they knew that Qin Feng was strong, their jealousy towards Long Guo made them reluctant to admit that Qin Feng was strong.

In fact, they cannot accept that a nation with a higher IQ than them is physically stronger than them.

In that case, it would appear that they are inferior races!

However, there are also 911 villagers in this regional channel.

Those people in the 911 village were upset when they saw that they underestimated Qin Feng one by one.

At the moment, Wu Yong from 911 Village came out.

Wu Yong: "How do you know that our boss Qin Feng will have to wait a few days to build a village? Hehe! You are really self-righteous!"

"Oh! This friend from 911 Village, we are doing rational analysis, not self-righteous."

Liu Yuan: "Old Wu, don't talk nonsense with these ignorant guys! Let's go back and wait for Boss Qin Feng to build a village! Maybe, the boss will be successful soon."

Wu Yong: "It makes sense!"

At the moment, people in 911 Village have withdrawn from the regional channel.

But as soon as Wu Yong and others left, the regional channel became a sensation.

"Oh! God! Did I hear it right? A few people from the 911 village said just now that Qin Feng is going to build a village!"

"It's too fast!"

"Oh! I don't believe this, they must be bragging!"

"Baga! I also think they are bragging!"

"Axi! The people of Longguo always say that they created human civilization. But civilization is clearly created by our Nanbangguo. The people of Longguo just like to brag, Smecta!"

"That's right! Long Guo always said that they are the most powerful country in Asia, but they are 20 years behind us, but they are bragging about being stronger than us!"

At this moment, the people in the villages of Lighthouse Country, Nanbang Country, Sakurajima Country, Asami Country and other villages kept muttering one by one.

They don't believe it, Qin Feng has the ability to build a village now.

After all, to establish a village, you need to reach level 10 and have a reputation of more than 30 points to be eligible for quests.

In particular, accumulating 30 reputation points is harder than reaching level 10.

At the moment, those dog things feel that the people of 911 Village are bragging.

At the same moment, Qin Feng had finished dealing with trivial matters and entered the 911 village chat channel.

He's ready to start building a village