Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes and smiled.

This time, his combat power has reached about 1.73 billion stars.

The upper limit of combat power from the limit of the main **** is getting closer and closer, and it is not much different from that of Gabriel.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of the Azure Dragon Star Region in the demigod test, rewarded with +2 points of prestige and +20,000 stars in combat power]

[Congratulations to the contestant Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of this hall in the demigod test, rewarded with +3 points of prestige and +30,000 stars of combat power]

[Congratulations to the player Qin Feng, who achieved the best result in the history of the universe in the demigod test, rewarded with +5 prestige points and +50,000 stars in combat power]

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, there is even a reward!

What a pleasant surprise!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the void shook!

Another dazzling golden beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's body

In the next second, his combat power and prestige skyrocketed again!

After a while, the rewards are distributed again!

Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes, and the joy on his face became even stronger.

After this wave of rewards, his reputation has reached 53,000 points, and his combat power has soared to 1.83 billion stars, and the gap with Gabriel has narrowed again.

But before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[It is detected that you have broken through to the demigod realm, and the 500,000-star combat power is fed back, and the unlocking is successful! Start feeding back now]

Boom~Long~Long~!

Suddenly, the sky shook, and the mutation regenerated!

One after another incomparably dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into Qin Feng's body

[Reminder: Your servant Liu Xuan's combat power exceeds 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back]

[Reminder: Your servant Qishan's combat power has exceeded 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back]

[Reminder: Your servant Fengqi's combat power has exceeded 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back]

At this moment, Qin Feng's whole body was shrouded in white light that fed back, like a white light man, extremely dazzling!

His combat power has skyrocketed all the way!

Chapter 732: Longyuan upgrades! The enemy is in the city!

After a while, the backfeeding ended, and the white light slowly dissipated!

Qin Feng's figure reappeared.

The joy on his face grew even stronger!

After this, he received 4,000 people's feedback, and his combat power soared to more than 120,000 stars.

In this way, his combat power has reached 1.842 billion stars, and his strength has increased a lot.

However, his backfeeding has not yet reached the upper limit.

He is now the master of primary destiny, and the number of times he can feed back has been raised to 6,000 times!

"It's still two thousand trips away!"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, a little unfinished.

Obviously, only 4,000 of the disciples of Long Yuan with a combat power of more than 500,000 stars came, so only 4,000 people were fed back.

correct!

He has broken through to the demigod realm, and is qualified to promote Longyuan City to a level 12 city.

This promotion is completed, and Long Yuan's strength can skyrocket.

At that time, the combat power of breaking 500,000 stars should be able to reach more than 6,000 people!

In this way, wouldn't it be possible to feed him another 2,000 times!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel and entered the city master interface...

At this same moment, something was happening in the Blue Star Realm.

At this moment, the Blue Star Realm, the second division.

Over a jungle, a stalwart figure appeared.

The figure was dressed in a white robe, exuding a faint white light all over his body, with a sacred and solemn temperament.

This person is Kaxiu!

At this moment, Kaxiu looked at the sky not far away, where a giant city in the sky was suspended.

From a distance, many figures are flying around above the giant city.

That is the floating city!

"That's the old lair of Longyuan City! Why are all the disciples of Longyuan only at the realm of heaven?"

Kaxiu muttered in his heart, frowning slightly.

With his strength, even if they are separated by thousands of miles, he can spy on some situations in the floating city.

But this snooping made him a little stunned!

He found that the disciples of Long Yuan were basically in the heavenly realm, none of them were in the realm of false gods, let alone in the realm of true gods.

Even, there are only a dozen or so in the demigod realm.

Of the dozen or so demigods, some were elders of the Tiance Clan.

The other three are Qin Feng's three avatars.

In short, after this prying, Kaxiu was greatly puzzled.

This is completely different from what he imagined!

Didn't Judas say that Qin Feng is the pinnacle of true God's strength!

If so, Qin Feng is likely to be in the realm of true gods, or at least in the realm of false gods!

But in this Longyuan lair, there is neither a true **** nor a false god, and there are even only a dozen or so demigods.

Looking at it like this, this Longyuan City is too weak!

Kaxiu shook his head slightly, looking a little disappointed.

He thought that he would encounter some obstacles.

Now it seems that I am overthinking it!

This Longyuan City is too weak, and he doesn't bother to investigate secretly.

This small force that doesn't even have a False God Realm, does he need to investigate secretly? !

You know, he is the dignified Lord God!

In front of the main god, even the true **** will be killed in seconds, not to mention such a small force that does not even have a virtual god.

He felt that with one hand, he could blast the floating city!

Thinking of this, the corners of Kaxiu's mouth twitched slightly, and then he stepped out and rushed directly to the floating city...

At this moment, he no longer took Gabriel's words to heart. Instead, he felt that the owner's worries were unnecessary.

In this way, Kazuki is constantly approaching the floating city...

At the same time, in the floating city.

Long Yuan's disciples did not know that a powerful enemy was coming.

In the Longyuan chat channel.

Everyone is discussing Qin Feng's Shenwu assessment.

At this moment, everyone was chatting hotly, and the atmosphere in the field was very warm.

"Everyone, do you think the boss can get a super god-level evaluation this time?"

"I think it should be possible!"

"It's hard to say! Super god-level evaluation! In the entire Azure Dragon Star Region, only two people have obtained it in history!"

"Yeah! That's too difficult! It is rumored that one of the two people who have obtained super god-level evaluations is the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, who is the first powerhouse in the Azure Dragon Star Region!"

"My God! If the boss gets a super god-level evaluation. It means that he has the hope of becoming as powerful as the Azure Dragon Domain Lord."

"Of course! Even if it is not as powerful as the Azure Dragon Domain Lord, it will still be at the same level!"Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Wow! That's too powerful!"

"I really hope the brother city owner can get a super god-level evaluation!"

"Yeah! I'm looking forward to it too!"

"The boss should be able to get it!"

"I also hope that the master can get it!"

At this moment, all the children prayed endlessly!

At the same moment, the sky above the floating city.

Yueling clone is also looking at the chat channel.

Seeing this scene, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly and he smiled without saying a word.

These children still underestimate his body!

His main body has already received the no-superior evaluation, which is several grades higher than the super **** level.

Not only that, his body is still sprinting for a higher-level evaluation, that is, a 'Dao sub-level' evaluation.

If everyone knows this, I'm afraid they will drop their jaws!

At this moment, in the chat channel, Liu Xuan's avatar suddenly jumped.

Liu Xuan: "Everyone, count the time, the boss's demigod assessment is almost over, right? I wonder if he has been promoted to demigod?"

Elder Qishan: "It should be soon! You don't have to worry, if the master is promoted to the demigod realm, he will definitely upgrade Longyuan City immediately."

Only after these words fell, Tiandao's announcement resounded through the entire chat channel...

Especially the newly incorporated Wuzhuangguan disciples.

[Longyuan Announcement: City Lord Qin Feng is upgrading Longyuan City…]

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, Long Yuan was stunned!

Immediately, the crowd cheered excitedly!

Immediately afterwards, Tiandao's prompt continued to sound.

[Longyuan Announcement: Longyuan City has been successfully upgraded from a level 11 city to a level 12 city]

[Congratulations to all the residents of Longyuan City, who have been blessed by Heaven and have obtained a 100,000-star combat power attribute reward]

[Congratulations to all the lords of Longyuan City, who have been blessed by Heaven and have received a 10,000-star combat power attribute reward]

[Congratulations to the city lord Qin Feng, who received the blessing of Heaven and received a 10,000-star combat power reward]

[Longyuan City was successfully promoted to level 12, the city owner has opened the permission to upgrade the city owner's palace to level 3]

[Longyuan City was successfully promoted to level 12, and the lord opened the permission to upgrade to level 2 pavilion]

[Longyuan City was successfully promoted to level 12, and residents have the permission to upgrade to level 2 residential buildings]

...