Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as this announcement came out, a beam of reward beams descended over the floating city!

There are more than 100,000 paths, and the scene is earth-shattering!

It seems that the entire floating city is covered by beams of light!

In the floating city, an earth-shattering cheer erupted!

The boys were so excited!

Even the Moon Spirit clone showed a gratifying smile.

"Huh! That's..."

At this moment, Yueling's clone seemed to notice something, and suddenly raised his head and looked into the distance.

I saw a strange man three hundred miles away, looking at the floating city in astonishment.

That person is getting stuck!

At this moment, Kaxiu was shocked by such a huge movement in the floating city!

In the end what happened?

Why did more than 100,000 beams of light suddenly descend from the nine heavens? !

Kaxiu froze in place, staring in disbelief.

He didn't realize that the Moon Spirit clone was staring at him from a distance!

Of course, even if he found out, he wouldn't care.

In his opinion, the Moon Spirit clone is an ant in the demigod realm, what's there to care about?

On the other side, after Yueling's clone saw Kaxiu, after a little look, he found that Kaxiu was actually a great power in the early days of the main god.

He frowned involuntarily.

The Blue Star Realm is a Meteor Realm, and it would be nice to have a true **** at its peak.

He has never heard that there is a main **** in the Blue Star Realm.

Is this person from outside forces? !

Today's Longyuan City is the only overlord of the Blue Star Realm.

In other words, the entire Blue Star Realm is the territory of Longyuan City.

Unfamiliar forces are not allowed to easily step into their territory!

Thinking of this, Yueling's avatar's expression became serious.

At the same time, deep in the Temple of Creation.

Above the promotion altar, Qin Feng was enveloped by a beam of light.

He is accepting the upgrade reward from Longyuan City.

After a while, the reward is over, and the beam of light dissipates!

He slowly opened his eyes, his face showing joy again.

This time Long Yuan was upgraded, and he received a 10,000-star combat power reward.

As a result, his combat power has reached 1.852 billion stars, and his strength has risen a lot.

Qin Feng is very satisfied with this!

Of course, the benefits brought by the upgrade of Longyuan City are far more than that.

For example, he can upgrade to level 3 palaces, as well as various public buildings.

It's just that he is too busy now, and these benefits will have to be studied when he is free.

"It's finally done!"

At this time, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, the sky shook!

One after another incomparably dazzling white light came from the sky, madly pouring into his body

[Reminder: Your servant Wang Ming's combat power has exceeded 500,000 stars, and you have received 3-star combat power back]

[Reminder: Your servant Zhou Jun…

...Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Qin Feng laughed!

Longyuan City has been upgraded to level 12!

All residents have increased their combat power by 100,000 stars!

This made a large number of Long Yuan's disciples break the 500,000-star combat power.

Qin Feng's feedback came naturally.

In a blink of an eye, the feedback is over!

Qin Feng received 2 more people's feedback, increasing his combat power by about 60,000 stars.

As a result, his combat power has reached 1.858 billion stars, and the gap with Gabriel has narrowed one step further.

Qin Feng smiled satisfactorily and looked up in the direction of the floating city.

At this moment, through the eyes of the Moon Spirit clone, he also noticed the arrival of Kaxiu.

He and the avatar are of the same mind.

When the Moon Spirit clone saw it, it meant that he saw it too.

"In the early days of the Lord God? What is the origin of this guy?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and couldn't help but take out the "Book of the World" and start a hexagram, and began to account for the origin of the card repair.

The "Book of the Present World" grasps the number of human beings in the present world, and naturally has the function of divination and prediction.

"The hexagram is like 'fire and thunder bites', and the hexagram is changed to 'Tianlei Wuhuang'! It turns out that the guy is from the Bright God Realm!"

Qin Feng frowned slightly.

People from the Light God Realm are most likely to be with God!

Sure enough, they are friends and foes!

Afterwards, Qin Feng put the Heavenly Fate Excalibur and "Book of Existence" into the trading channel, and let Yueling clone to exchange

Nakaxiu is a god-level existence!

The Heavenly Fate Divine Sword kills the Lord God, and it can absorb the luck.

And "Book of the World" absorbs soul fragments, which can increase the value of destiny!

The arrival of Kaxiu is also an opportunity for Qin Feng to obtain resources! Second.

Chapter 733 Additional rewards! Cover up the sky!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief after putting the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword and "Book of Existence" into the trading channel.

The matter of Longyuan City can be handed over to the Moon Spirit clone.

His current basic combat power is 1.858 billion galaxies.

The combat power of the clone is 80% of the main body, that is, about 1.486 billion stars.

In other words, the strength of the Moon Spirit clone has reached the limit level of the main god, and it is easy to kill a main **** in the early stage.

What's more, with the help of the Moon Spirit clone and the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword and the "Book of the Present World", killing Nakaxiu is very easy, and he doesn't need to worry at all.

As for the next False God Realm's first assessment, there is no need to fight, and he will not be able to use the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword and "Book of the Present World" for the time being.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt that everything was arranged properly and showed a satisfied smile.

Just then, the time has come!

Qin Feng turned into a white light and disappeared on the altar.

The next second, he returned to the assessment hall.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this time, the void shook, and a reminder came from Heaven...

[Reminder: You have been promoted to the demigod realm, and from now on, you have the authority to enter the Temple of Fortune]

[The Temple of Creation: Divided into the Temple of Creation and the Temple of Fortune]

[The Temple of Creation: Semi-God Realm Assessment Area]

[Temple of Creation: False God Realm Assessment Area]

[Reminder: Players who are promoted to the demigod realm, within three hours, continue to participate in the False God realm assessment, and can get an additional reward of 20 points of Shenwu points]

[It was detected that the player Qin Feng achieved the best result ever in this universe in the demigod assessment. Therefore, the additional reward for continuous assessment is increased tenfold, that is, 2 points. 】

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, secretly thinking that this extra reward is not bad!

He had planned to take part in the examination continuously.

These 2 Shenwu points are equal to a free gift.

If these 2 points are added, his points can reach 6455 points, and the chance of winning the sub-level evaluation is even greater.

Dao sub-level evaluation, there is only one place in one universe.

In other words, there is only one Daozi in a universe, which is by no means ordinary!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng was in a good mood. After he was ready to go out, he took the time to participate in the False God realm assessment.

As long as he starts the first assessment of the False God realm within three hours, this reward is already in his hands.

Om~!

At this moment, the heaven and the earth burst out!

In front of Qin Feng, a white door of light rose!

That is the exit of the assessment hall.

He smiled slightly, and with a happy mood, stepped into the door of light.

With a whirl of white light, Qin Feng was teleported out.

The next second, with his feet firmly on his feet, he returned to the Temple of Creation.

At the same time, there was a commotion all around.

"Look! Another one has passed the test!"

"Yeah! I envy them! From now on, they will be the powerhouses of the demigod realm!"

"Hey! Look! Look at the exit of the supreme-level assessment! Someone has come out!"

"It's him! Sure enough, it's him! The old man saw him go in with his own eyes!"

With the exclamations, countless eyes looked towards Qin Feng.

Those eyes were filled with infinite awe.

Qin Feng looked around and found himself at the entrance of the previous comprehensive assessment.

Beside him, there is still the Supreme Grade Examination God Monument.

This is also the divine monument that he activated.

Before that, the highest-level assessment **** tablet was the super **** level.

A stele represents an examination room.

The strongest exam room is the super **** level.

The examination room of the supreme class has never appeared before.