Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

And since it appeared, this assessment area has caused a great sensation.

Many people can't believe that someone has actually entered.

They didn't expect it to be true!

Qin Feng not only entered, but also successfully passed the supreme-level fighting test.

It turned out that only players who successfully passed the assessment were eligible to walk out of the exit.

Those who fail the assessment will be forcibly teleported to the entrance hall of the temple.

This does not mean that Qin Feng's fighting test has surpassed the super **** level and reached the supreme level!

Oh my God!

That's too scary!

At this thought, everyone was amazed and looked at Qin Feng in awe, not even daring to breathe.

At this moment, the originally noisy test area suddenly became silent because of Qin Feng's appearance.

After Qin Feng glanced at the audience, he understood what was going on.

He smiled slightly and walked away.

This time, he has to go to the Shenbao Pavilion.

After players are promoted to the demigod realm, they have one hour's permission to purchase treasures in the Shenbao Pavilion.

More than an hour, there is no permission.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

This is the last chance for a newly promoted demigod player to be in the Temple of Creation.

Qin Feng has accumulated 15,000 reputation points in the mixed martial arts assessment, which can be exchanged for 3 trading points.

This can be exchanged for a lot of resources in the Shenbao Pavilion!

Of course, the treasures above the mid-grade **** rank in the Shenbao Pavilion have already been exchanged by him.

The remaining resources of the demigod rank and the low rank **** rank are of no use to him.

But these resources are useful to Feng Xi and others!

With the aptitude of Feng Xi and others, the upper limit of refining low-grade god-level resources is much higher.

He was worried about not being able to improve their strength, and now he has found a way.

Especially the two little guys Di Jiang and Jumang, he must focus on training.

He also thought about letting these two little guys get super god-level evaluations and training them to be a level of existence of the Azure Dragon Domain Lord.

That will be of great help to him in the future.

At this thought, Qin Feng became more and more looking forward to it, and also accelerated the pace of leaving.

Having said that, the price of low-grade god-level resources in the Shenbao Pavilion is mostly 3 to 5 trading points.

His three trading points can be exchanged for nearly a hundred kinds, and it is estimated that he can exchange the Shenbao Pavilion completely...

In just a moment, Qin Feng's back disappeared from everyone's sight.

The crowd gradually came to their senses!

The next moment, the crowd sighed endlessly!

Boom~Long~Long~!

Behind the crowd, there was a roar!

Everyone looked back one after another, and saw the supreme-level assessment **** monument, the whole body lit up with a faint golden light, slowly retracted into the ground, and disappeared in a blink of an eye.

Even the gate of light gradually disappeared, as if it had never appeared.

Seeing this scene, the crowd could not help but exclaimed.

"This supreme-level divine monument has disappeared!"

"Yeah! That lord left, and the monument disappeared."

"It turns out that this is specially prepared for that adult!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone sighed.

Many people looked in the direction of Qin Feng's disappearance again, feeling amazed, and their expressions became more and more admirable.

This adult is really mysterious and powerful!

Perhaps, they inadvertently witnessed the birth of a legend! …

After Qin Feng left the test site, it didn't take long before he arrived near the entrance of Shenbao Pavilion...

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, a series of reminders from the Heavenly Dao came...

[Longyuan Announcement: The Emperor Jiang was successfully promoted to the 2nd-level title pavilion and received a 10,000-star combat power reward. 】

[Longyuan Announcement: Renju Jumang has been promoted to 2nd rank...

...

Seven announcements came in a row, and the six people in Dijiang, plus Yu Xuanji, all upgraded the title pavilion.

All seven received 10,000-star combat power rewards!

This is not a small gain!

Qin Feng's heart moved

Longyuan has been upgraded to level 12, and he can also be upgraded to level 3 City Lord's Palace.

I don't know what key resources are needed to upgrade the palace to level 3?

He still checked it first. If he lacked any resources, he could go to Shenbao Pavilion to buy it and see if he could make up for it.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the operation interface of the City Lord's Palace to check the requirements for raising a level 3 palace...

After reading it, a smile appeared on his face.

It turned out that the key resource for upgrading the level 3 palace is the health stone.

[Health Stone: The pinnacle of middle-grade gods, the wonders of heaven and earth, humane attributes]

【Using this fetish to accompany you, you can avoid the secrets and prolong your life. 】

[If it is used in a building, the building will not only have its own health function, but also prevent people from divination and detection]

Such miraculous wonders of heaven and earth are extremely rare!

Not to mention in the Blue Star Realm, even if you search in the entire Azure Dragon Star Region, it is difficult to find.

However, it is not difficult for Qin Feng.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng turned his palm over, and there was a fist-sized boulder in the palm of his hand. The whole body was black, with twelve brilliance, and the breath was extraordinary!

That is the wonder of heaven and earth at the peak of the middle-grade god-level - the health stone!

It turned out that Qin Feng had previously purchased all the middle-grade god-level treasures in the Shenbao Pavilion.

The last wonder of heaven and earth is this health stone.

He didn't care about the health function of the 'health stone'.

Only when it is used in construction, it can hide the secrets of the sky and prevent people from divination. I am very interested.

It's just that before that, he didn't know how to use it.

Only now did I know that it was the key to upgrading the City Lord's Palace to Level 3, which just solved his urgent need!

If his palace can hide the secret.

Then he will be able to avoid some super-powerful detections by cultivating in zero-dimensional space in the future, which is of great benefit to him.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the palace interface and started the upgrade...

Of course, to upgrade a level 3 palace, a lot of other materials are needed, such as the bones of a low-grade god.

Those materials are readily available in Qin Feng's hands.

It didn't take long for him to complete the promotion.

What surprised him was that the upgrade from the 2nd-level palace to the 3rd-level palace actually gave him a 120,000-star combat power reward!

The health stone at the peak of the middle-grade **** rank, as well as a variety of low-grade god-rank resources, was finally not wasted!

The gain obtained, 2.8 completely exceeded Qin Feng's expectations!

In this way, his basic combat power has reached 1.87 billion stars!

"Hoo~! It's finally done!"

At this time, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief and walked to the Shenbao Pavilion with satisfaction...

At the same moment, the Blue Star Realm, the floating city cheered.

All Long Yuan's disciples blushed with excitement.

At this point, Long Yuan's upgrade is over.

The various visions shrouded in the floating city also disappeared.

But everyone's excitement has not subsided.

Everyone is asking each other about their strength improvement.

After this, Long Yuan's combat power exceeded 500,000 stars, and it was close to the number of 10,000 people in one fell swoop.

The combat power has broken through 10,000 stars, and it has also reached more than 500 people.

In the air, Yueling's clone looked at this scene with a smile, quite relieved.

However, now is not the time to be happy, he has to deal with the current troubles.

Thinking of this, Yueling's clone waved, and the book of the world appeared.

[Book of the Present World: The Limits of High-Grade Divine Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Current upgrade progress: Destiny Value 99,700/100,000]

"There are still 3 points of Destiny Point, and this book can be promoted. I don't know if killing this guy is enough?"

Yueling's clone raised her head slightly and looked at Kaxiu, who was three hundred miles away...

Chapter 734 Sword Slash Kaxiu! Shocked the audience!

Yueling's clone raised her head slightly and looked at Kaxiu, who was three hundred miles away...

This guy is the existence of the main **** in the early days, and he must be able to provide a lot of destiny!

The corners of Yueling's avatar's mouth twitched slightly.

Then, as soon as he thought about it, the "Book of the Present World" turned into a white light and poured into his body.

In just an instant, he completed the integration of human and machine, and the combat power quietly increased to about 1.52 billion stars...

At the same time, three hundred miles away.

Kaxiu finally recovered from the shock.

At this moment, he frowned slightly.

These Long Yuan disciples seem to have received the rewards of Heavenly Dao, and their momentum has soared, and now they are all crazy with joy!

Seeing Long Yuan's disciples cheering, Kaxiu was inexplicably unhappy, and his eyes were full of disdain.

Just a bunch of heavenly ants!

Even if you get the reward of Heaven, there will be no qualitative change.

What's even more ridiculous is that this group of ants is about to die, and they are still cheering happily.

I wonder if these guys will be so frightened that they cry when he makes a move? !

Thinking of this, the corners of Kaxiu's mouth twitched slightly, revealing a wicked smile.

This time, he planned to destroy everyone in Longyuan City.