Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Therefore, these Long Yuan disciples are dead in his eyes.

He didn't believe that someone in Long Yuan could stop him!

Of course, before destroying Long Yuan, he will find Qin Feng first.

That guy has the "Book of the Present World" that the master wants, as well as the Holy Land Pass.

Thinking of this, Kaxiu took a step forward, ready to act...

"Huh! That's..."

But at this moment, the front change happened.

I saw a handsome figure flying out of the floating city and flying directly towards him!

He was discovered!

Kaxiu was a little surprised!

However, he was not afraid at all.

A force that does not even have a False God Realm, even if 19 is discovered in advance, there is nothing to worry about.

Thinking of this, he looked at the person who came.

I saw that the person who came was a handsome young man, about twenty years old, with a noble temperament and a very good appearance!

Just in terms of appearance, he couldn't help but praise him.

However, the realm of coming is only a demigod realm!

Seeing this, Kaxiu couldn't help but stop, showing a sneer.

If a demigod comes to die, then let him be fulfilled!

At the moment, Kaxiu stopped in place, waiting for someone to come to the door...

The person here is none other than the Moon Spirit clone!

However, it was said that the dispatch of Yueling's avatar shocked everyone in Long Yuan.

"Look! What is the boss doing?"

"Hey! How did he get out of town?"

"Look! There is a person over there, and the boss seems to be heading for that person!"

"Who is that person?!"

"I don't know!"

"No matter how much! Let's go see too!"

"Walk!"

As soon as the voice fell, Long Yuan's people flew up one after another, and followed Yueling's clone.

At this moment, everyone saw Kaxiu from a distance, and they were all curious.

In this period, people who dare to approach the floating city in such a big way are very courageous!

Today's Long Yuan is the only overlord of the Blue Star Realm!

The people from the rest of the forces did not even dare to approach.

At this time, Yueling's clone also sensed that there were many Long Yuan disciples behind him.

He glanced back and smiled, without stopping.

With his current strength, even if the person who came was a great power in the early days of the Lord God, he could still protect all the children.

Therefore, he is not worried that the disciples will be held back.

In just a moment, Yueling's clone flew to Kaxiu.

The two sides are far apart!

The two faced off!

Kaxiu looked at the Moon Spirit clone again, and thought to himself that this guy is indeed only a demigod, and it is not worth mentioning.

At the moment, he was too lazy to look at Yueling's clone, and his eyes fell behind Yueling's clone.

Where did thousands of Long Yuan disciples fly in.

It seems that there are quite a few people who want to die!

Then he will wait for everyone to arrive, and then start killing!

Thinking of this, Kaxiu's eyes showed a cruel grin.

At the same time, Yueling's clone also curiously peeped towards Kaxiu...

[Magic God]: Bright Unicorn

[Boundary]: The initial stage of the Lord God

[Level]: Level 93

[Feature]: Contract Battle Pet

"Hey! This person's identity is actually a pet of war, so there must be a master behind him!"

Yueling muttered in her mind and body.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, next to Yueling clone, white light flashed!

Liu Xuan, Elder Qishan, Granny Feng Qi and Granny Yusang arrived first.

"Boss!"

"Owner!"

The four of them saluted the Yueling clone.

Seeing this scene, Kaxiu's eyes fell on Yueling Clone again.

I can't see that this young boy is actually the leader of the crowd!

"Boss, who is this guy?"

"Yes! Master, the old man can't see his realm, I'm afraid it's not an ordinary existence."

At this time, both Liu Xuan and Feng Qi's mother-in-law whispered something.

They vaguely felt that this card repair was not easy to deal with.

At this moment, the disciples of Longyuan also arrived one after another.

Everyone looked at Kaxiu curiously.

"This friend, why are you approaching my Longyuan City?"

It was only at this moment that Yueling clone asked.

Although he already knew that the visitor was an enemy or a friend, he still wanted to find out some information before he started.

Kaxiu raised his chin slightly, and said proudly: "This deity is here to find Qin Feng. Where is Qin Feng? Hurry up and let him come out to see this deity!"

This was so arrogant that everyone frowned.

Who is this guy?

It's crazy!

As soon as he opened his mouth, he used the tone of command to let their boss come out to see him.

What's even more funny is that the avatar of their boss is on the scene, and this guy doesn't know him!

"Who is your Excellency?", Yueling's clone asked again.

Kaxiu frowned: "Noisy! Let Er wait for Qin Feng to come out, to give you a chance. Do you have to wait for the deity to take action before letting Qin Feng come out?"

This is very rude to say!

Everyone was moved.

Liu Xuan was even more furious: "What are you! How dare you call my boss a child!"

Elder Qishan was also annoyed: "Your Excellency is too arrogant! How dare you call my master like that in my Longyuan territory!"

Kaxiu sneered: "A group of ants who don't know the heights of the sky! They dare to shout in front of the deity! Since Qin Feng doesn't want to show up, don't blame the deity for being rude!"

Boom~!

As soon as the voice fell, Kaxiu's whole body suddenly burst out!

The 300 million star combat power and momentum instantly covered a radius of 100 miles, and the momentum covered the sky and the earth!

Everyone's face changed greatly!

"Oh my God! This momentum! He... he is the power of the Lord God in the early days!"

"My God! This guy's aura is much stronger than that of God!"

At this moment, Liu Xuan and the others were stunned, and they all turned pale with fright!

The super power of the Lord God Realm!

Just one finger can kill them dozens of times!

What's more, this guy's combat power has reached 300 million stars, which is a full 100 million stars stronger than that God!

Last time, Boss Qin Feng and the four avatars joined forces, and it took a lot of effort to kill God by luck.

This time, Boss Qin Feng was not there.

There is only Yueling clone in the field, the situation is not good!

At this thought, everyone panicked!

In the crowd, only Yueling clone had a calm expression.

Seeing everyone's terrified expressions, Kaxiu suddenly became even more proud.

He likes to see how these ants panic.

"Huh! God? That's the name of God's incarnation. So, have you seen God?"

Kaxiu asked.

Everyone looked at each other, and many questions appeared in their hearts.

This guy actually asked about God.

Is he with God?

"Wait, tell me!"DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Kaxiu was a little impatient.

"What is your relationship with God?"

The Moon Spirit clone spoke lightly.

Kaxiu reversed: "It's really noisy!"

Boom~!

As soon as the words fell, Kaxiu slapped his palm directly and slapped towards Yueling's clone!

He has long lost patience with this talkative ant, and just wants to slap him to death and stand out in public!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

That palm slapped, the momentum destroyed the sky and the earth, the void shattered inch by inch!

The crowd exclaimed!

They thought that Yueling's clone was going to suffer, and they were all anxious.

At this moment, Yueling sneered from the bottom of his body.

His patience has also reached its limit.

Swish~!