Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

At the moment, a white light flashed in his hand!

Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, appeared out of thin air!

Om~!

The next second, the Divine Sword lit up with golden light!

In just a moment, the human and the machine are one!

The momentum of the Yueling clone suddenly soared to about 1.57 billion stars, and the momentum was earth-shattering!

"Hey! This is..."

Kashouton feels bad!

But before he could react, the Moon Spirit clone slashed with a sword!

Swah~!

I saw Jin 527 flashing light!

Ten thousand feet of sword light, splitting the sky!

The whole world is darkened!

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

Blood splashes!

The shrill screams echoed in the field!

With just one sword, the Moon Spirit clone split Kaxiu in half!

Boom~!

The whole audience was dumbfounded!

Liu Xuan and the others all have their mouths wide open!

Gosh!

The 300 million star lord **** is almighty!

He was actually slashed by the boss's clone with a sword!

Oh my God!

When did the strength of the boss become so strong?

Without waiting for everyone to think about it, the mutation in the field regenerates!

Bang~!

A blast!

Kaxiu, who was split into two halves, shattered into pieces, turned into two blood mists, and fused together.

Afterwards, the blood mist continued to surge!

That guy wants to be resurrected!

Yueling's clone sneered and slashed away with another sword!

In the blood fog, Kaxiu's horrified roar immediately came out.

"You can't kill me! My master is a 2 billion-star God Almighty! He will arrive in a day! If you kill me... ah~!"

Before he could finish speaking, Yueling's clone slashed into the blood mist with a sword!

puff~!

A soft sound!

Soul body shattered!

Kaxiu is completely dead!

The shrill screams echoed in the void!

The corpse of a mythical beast with a single horn on its head, snow-white body and white wings on its back, rolled down from the air.

That is the original form of Kaxiu!

Seeing this scene, the audience was completely suffocated!

In just two swords, the avatar of the boss wiped out the great power of the Lord God in the early stage, which is incredible!

At this moment, Liu Xuan and the others were too shocked to speak.

They didn't know that the Moon Spirit clone was actually still holding on.

With his strength, he can instantly kill Kaxiu with a single sword.

He deliberately did not kill with the first sword, just wanted to see what information Kaxiu would reveal before he died.

"It turns out that this guy's master's combat power has reached 2 billion stars, and he will arrive in a day! I don't know if his words are true or false?"

Yueling muttered inwardly.

If he arrives after a day, his body will not be able to return in time.

Chapter 735: The God of Creation! Strength increases again!

Yueling pondered in her mind and body.

If his main body can't be returned in time, then only him, the Ice Spirit clone, and the Wood Spirit clone will go to deal with the 2 billion star power of the Lord God Almighty.

In that case, with the strength of their three avatars, they can only barely cope.

It seems that his body has to speed up to improve his strength!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Bang~!

Just then, a muffled sound came from below.

Kaxiu's corpse fell heavily to the ground, sending up a cloud of dust.

Immediately afterwards, a dazzling white light flew from the corpse and poured into the body of the Moon Spirit...

[You succeeded in killing the Demon God Kaxiu, your body has acquired +200 million attributes, +1.5 trillion energy points…]

Then, another invisible force poured into his body along the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword...

[The luck absorption is successful! The Heavenly Fate Sword has absorbed all of Kaxiu's luck value, and your body has gained 5 times the luck value! 】

The harvest is in hand!

The Moon Spirit clone showed a satisfied smile.

Then, he summoned the "Book of the Present World" again!

As soon as the divine book came out, it slowly opened, creating an infinite suction!

The next second, Kaxiu's broken soul fragment was swallowed...

["Book of the Present World" successfully absorbed soul fragments (the initial stage of the main god), the destiny value +330 points]

[The Destiny value of "Book of the Present World" meets the advanced requirements and is being automatically advanced]

【Advanced success! "Book of the Present World" was promoted to the rank of the best gods]

[The back-feeding combat power of "Book of the Present World" has been increased to 5 stars]

[The Heavenly Dao ability of "Book of the Present World" has been improved, which can strengthen all time skills]

[The authentic ability of "Book of the Present World" has been improved, which can strengthen all space skills]

[The humane ability of "Book of the Present World" has been improved, and the value of its blessings has doubled.]

At this moment, the book of the world is shining brightly, and the breath is skyrocketing all the way!

In a blink of an eye, it has completed the advanced stage!

Yueling clone is overjoyed!

Everything is as he expected!

However, his gains are not over yet.

Thinking of this, he dodged and came to Kaxiu's corpse and began to extract...

【Endless extraction success! From the wreckage of the bright unicorn, you extracted a drop of unicorn divine blood (high-grade divine order)]

【Endless extraction success! you……

In the blink of an eye, the Moon Spirit clone extracted six drops of high-grade divine blood from Kaxiu's corpse.

In addition, he also found a storage ring from the corpse, which was also filled with rich resources.

The Moon Spirit clone happily put away the blood and storage ring, and put away Kaxiu's corpse.

Swish~! Swish~! Swish~!

At this moment, a white light flashed next to Yueling!

Liu Xuan, Elder Qishan, Granny Fengqi, Granny Yusang arrived.

Before, the Moon Spirit clone was cleaning up the spoils, and they didn't dare to bother.

They didn't rush over until the Moon Spirit clone had finished handling everything.

"Boss, that guy was with God just now, right?"

Liu Xuan asked in a low voice.

Yueling's clone nodded slightly: "Mostly so!"

Granny Feng Qi worried: "Master, before that guy died, he said that his master's combat power reached 2 billion stars, and he arrived a day later. I'm afraid this will be a little troublesome"! "

Liu Xuan also said: "Yeah! Boss, if it is 2 billion stars. If you don't have your main body, you will join hands with Bing Ling and Wood Spirit clones, I'm afraid it is."

Halfway through, Liu Xuan didn't dare to say any more.

Granny Fengqi, Granny Yusang, and Elder Qishan also hesitated.

Moon Spirit clone can see it.

These four people are worried that their three clones will join forces and will not be the opponent of Master Kaxiu.

In the eyes of Liu Xuan and the others, Yueling's clone killed Kaxiu with two swords, and he was afraid that the combat power would not exceed 1 billion stars.

If it exceeds 1 billion stars, it should be able to kill Kaxiu with a single sword.

They didn't know that Yueling's clone had deliberately kept his hand before killing Kaxiu with two swords.

The combat power of the Moon Spirit clone has already exceeded 1 billion stars, reaching 1.5 billion stars.

Of course, the Moon Spirit clone was too lazy to explain.

"You don't have to worry about this matter, I have my own plans. Next, you also have some tasks to complete."

Liu Xuan hurriedly asked, "Boss, what task?"

Yueling clone smiled and said: "Now, Longyuan City has been upgraded. Your strengths have also improved. Next, it's time for you to participate in the Shenwu assessment!"

With this reminder, Liu Xuan's eyes lit up.

They couldn't wait for the Shenwu assessment.

At the moment, Liu Xuan said with joy: "Boss, our disciples of Long Yuan, now the weakest has a 300,000-star combat power, and everyone is eligible to be promoted to the demigod realm."

Granny Feng Qi smiled and said, "Don't talk about the demigod level! It's no problem to be promoted to the False God realm!"

Elder Qishan also stroked his beard and said: "If we are Long Yuan's children, everyone will be promoted to the False God realm. Then Long Yuan's overall strength will be promoted by several grades. At that time, even if it is compared with the second-class star realm , it's almost too much!"

Hearing this, Yueling's clone was also quite relieved.

The goal of his body is to develop Longyuan City into a top force in the Azure Dragon Star Region.

Immediately, he smiled and said, "Go! It's up to the four of you that Long Yuan's disciples participate in the Shenwu assessment!"

"Don't worry, boss! We will definitely arrange it properly!"

Immediately, Liu Xuan and the others took their orders and left.