Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The four were very positive about it.

They didn't want to drag Qin Feng down all the time, they were eager to make Long Yuan stronger!

In fact, if Longyuan City wants to be promoted to Longyuan Sanctuary, it also needs a large number of children to be promoted to the demigod realm or above.

The promotion of Longyuan City to the Sanctuary will bring a lot of benefits to Qin Feng.

Therefore, it is imperative for Long Yuan's children to participate in the Shenwu assessment!

After Liu Xuan and others left, the Yueling clone put all the gains just now into the trading channel...

At the same time, inside the Temple of Creation.

Qin Feng walked out of the Shenbao Pavilion with a happy face.

He has just scavenged all the low-grade god-level treasures of the Shenbao Pavilion, and made a lot of money.

Those trading points were also spent by him.

"Hey! The Book of the World has been promoted!"

At this time, Qin Feng seemed to sense something, and looked towards the Blue Star Realm with a look of joy.

Afterwards, he walked quickly to a remote corner, opened the trading panel, and took out the book of the world.

[Book of the Present World: The Best Divine Rank, Wonders of Heaven and Earth]

[Reminder: The combat power feeds back 50,000 stars, and the luck blessing is doubled]

[Evolution progress: 3/10,000]

[Reminder: When the evolution degree is full, it can be promoted to the God of Fortune Rank]

"It turns out that after the top-grade gods, it is the gods of creation!"

Qin Feng suddenly looked at the divine book in front of him.

Afterwards, he put away the book of this world with satisfaction,

Fortune-level artifacts are too far away, and it's too early to think about them.

Having said that, he was already very satisfied with the promotion of "Book of the Present World" to the top rank of gods.

So far, he has two pieces of top-quality god-level treasures in his hands.

One is the Heavenly Fate Divine Sword, and the other is the Book of the Present World.

These two treasures can greatly improve his overall strength.

Especially the "Book of the Present World", which can now double his luck, it will be of great help to his next assessment of the False God Realm!

The first assessment of the False God Realm was related to the strength of soul power.

And the stronger the luck blessing, the greater the extent of his soul power strengthening, and the more beneficial it is to his assessment.

After such an analysis, the arrival of Kaxiu helped him instead.

If there is no Kaxiu, he will not be able to upgrade the book of the world before the final assessment.

Thinking of the False God realm assessment, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

He must start the first assessment of the False God realm within three hours in order to get the additional rewards of continuous assessment, so he can't delay the time.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickly opened the panel and began to add some points to himself

Yueling clone killed Kaxiu, but gave him 200 million attributes back.

In just a moment, Qin Feng completed the addition of points and increased the combat power of 40,000 stars.

He couldn't help but open the properties panel to check his status.

[Level]: Level 79

[Vocation]: Level 65 (Intermediate Judgment Supreme)

[Air Luck]: 453 times

【Reputation】: 53,000 points

[Combat Strength]: 1.874 billion stars

[Shenwu points]: 6255 points

After reading the information, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

1.874 billion star combat power.

This is not far from the 2 billion star combat power of the main god's limit.

When he breaks the 2 billion star combat power, he will try to recover the Demon Venerable Styx.

That guy is rebellious, without the strength of Thunder, I'm afraid it will be difficult to convince him!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng closed the panel and looked in the other direction of the temple...

There is exactly where Di Jiang and others are.

The little ones are waiting for him!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flashed away and disappeared out of thin air.

At the same time, the Temple of Creation, a remote corner.

The Mirage clone looked at the Dijiang six with a look of relief.

These six people have refined the 'source of soul power', and their strengths have soared.

After the upgrade of Longyuan City, the strength of the six people increased greatly again.

Today, even the weakest Qingchengzi and Qiyue have broken 30,000 stars.

Di Jiang and Jumang even broke the 50,000-star rating, and the possibility of getting a super god-level evaluation has increased to 25%.

This makes Mirage clone very gratified.

"." Dad! Dad! When can I go to the combat test?"

At this moment, while shaking the arm of the Mirage clone, Di Jiang asked in a milky voice.

It turned out that the Mirage clone had already told everyone that after being promoted to the demigod realm, the aptitude could be increased by 20%.

The little guy can't wait to break through the realm.

In this way, he can refine more resources, and the chance of obtaining a super god-level evaluation will be greater.

The Mirage clone fondly touched his little head: "Wait a minute!"

huh~!

The voice just fell, and the white light flashed in the field!

Qin Feng appeared next to the Mirage clone out of thin air.

"Hey! Dad!"

"Owner!"

When everyone saw Qin Feng, they came forward to say hello.

Feng Xi and Qi Yue were even more excited.

They haven't seen the main body for a long time, and they miss it a little.

Qin Feng smiled: "I just collected nearly a hundred pieces of low-grade god-level resources from Shenbao Pavilion, which are just used to improve your strength, so let the phantom avatar distribute it to you!"

As soon as these words fell, Di Jiang and other little guys were overjoyed.

Qin Feng didn't explain much, and with a wave of his hand, the six people of Dijiang were taken into the zero-degree space.

Then, he handed the Mirage clone a storage ring, which was full of low-grade god-level resources.

After the phantom avatar took over the ring, it also entered the zero-dimensional space.

After doing this, Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he walked towards the Temple of Fortune.

There is the False God realm assessment area

Chapter 736: Avenue Fifty! Tianyan forty-nine!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to come to the end of the Temple of Creation.

There is a huge door of light there, as high as a hundred feet and as wide as several dozen feet, and the weather is extraordinary!

That is the entrance to the Temple of Fortune.

Qin Feng walked straight to the gate of light, attracting the attention of some nearby players.

In the crowd, many people cast their envy at him.

Those who can enter that gate of light are all experts in the demigod realm!

Many of these players are still in the heavenly realm and are not qualified to enter the gate of light.

Seeing that Qin Feng is so young, he is already in the demigod realm, so he is naturally envious.

Soon, Qin Feng stepped into the door of light.

With a whirl of white light, he stepped into a huge hall, twice the size of the Temple of Creation.

There are people coming and going in the hall, and the atmosphere is still very lively, but the number is obviously much smaller than that of the Temple of Creation.

Looking at those players, 90% of them are in the demigod realm, 10% are in the virtual **** realm, and there are very few true **** realm powers.

However, most of these people are middle-aged and elderly.

Young people like Qin Feng are very rare, and it is rare to see one out of a hundred.

His appearance attracted some attention.

After all, he is not only young, but also handsome and extraordinary, which amazes many female players!

Of course, those players just looked at Qin Feng more and stopped paying attention.

For those who came to the Temple of Fortune, everyone paid more attention to the assessment.

Qin Feng glanced around and walked towards a monument in front of him.

The **** tablet was engraved with divine inscriptions, introducing the test rules of the False God realm.

At this moment, many players surrounded the monument, reading the rules.

Before Qin Feng approached, he heard a lot of complaints.

"Hey! This False God Realm assessment is really difficult! The old man got 63 points in the Demigod Realm assessment, and only got 6 points in the False God Realm assessment, which is only one-tenth of the Demigod Realm!"

"Brother, it's not bad that you can get one-tenth. I got 43 points in the demigod realm assessment, and only 2 points in the false **** realm assessment!"

"Haha! Both of you are better than me! I got 33 points in the demigod assessment, and only 1 point in the False God assessment 040. Now, I failed the False God assessment, and I can't be promoted! Hey! !"

In the crowd, several players laughed bitterly.

Qin Feng's color changed slightly.

Is this False God realm assessment so difficult?Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

At this time, a novice in the crowd asked curiously.

"Several, there are 6 assessments in the demigod realm and 2 in the False God realm assessment. According to this ratio, the points obtained in the False God realm assessment should be one-third of the demigod realm!"

"One-third? My friend, you think too much!"

"This friend is also a Shenwu assessment. The difficulty of the False God realm assessment is more than ten times more difficult than that of the demigod realm. Don't say one-third, if you can get one-tenth, then it is very good."

"Yeah! One-tenth, that's only for very good players. Most players are one-twentieth. Some are even 0 points!"

"My God! Is it that hard?!"

"Of course! I waited for a few people to complete the assessment and experienced it myself!"

As soon as these words fell, many new players panicked.

Even Qin Feng frowned.

In the demigod realm assessment, he got 6255 points.