Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

If it is calculated by one-tenth, then the False God realm assessment can only get about 625 points.

This point is not enough for him to get a Dao sub-level evaluation!

With this thought, Qin Feng quickened his pace and walked towards the monument.

After a while, he came to the monument and read the rules carefully.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to see the rules, and he was stunned.

The two assessments of this False God Realm are indeed somewhat difficult.

However, those two assessments are his strengths, and maybe he can create miracles.

Thinking of this, he no longer stayed, and was ready to participate in the first assessment.

At this moment, a woman's voice sounded behind him.

"Little brother, are you a player who has just been promoted to the demigod realm?"

Qin Feng looked at the sound, and saw that the person talking to him was a beautiful woman in palace dress, with a lot of charm.

"Why does my friend ask that?"

Qin Feng looked at the visitor in confusion.

The beautiful woman smiled gently: "Little brother, I see you are so young. Most of the young players like you have just been promoted to the demigod realm."

Qin Feng nodded with a smile: "I really just got promoted."

He was too lazy to hide it.

The beautiful woman smiled and said, "As expected! Brother, I saw you read the rules of the competition, so I plan to participate in the assessment. Are you going for the reward of the 'continuous assessment'?"

Qin Feng nodded slightly without denying it.

The beautiful woman sighed: "Hey! Little brother, don't blame me for talking too much. I suggest you don't rush into continuous assessments. This False God realm assessment is different from the demigod realm assessment."

"If you fail the Demigod Realm assessment once, there is still a chance for a second assessment. As long as you fail the False God Realm assessment once, there will be no more opportunities for assessment in the future."

"And the False God Realm assessment is extremely difficult. As long as there is a 0 score in one assessment, you will permanently lose the qualification to be promoted to the False God Realm."

"Because of this, after many players are promoted to the demigod realm, they will come to check the False God realm assessment rules, and then go back to lay a solid foundation in a targeted manner, and then participate in the assessment. After all, we can't afford to fail!"

After listening to these words, Qin Feng nodded slightly.

Pretty woman is right!

Failing the False God Realm assessment is unbearable!

As long as there is a 0 score in one test, you will permanently lose the qualification to be promoted to False God realm.

No matter how good the Demigod Realm assessment is, it will lose the qualification to be promoted to False God Realm.

Therefore, many new players come to this temple of good fortune, just to check the rules, few people dare to participate in the assessment continuously.

To put it bluntly, this beautiful woman also reminded her with kindness.

However, that was not a problem for Qin Feng at all.

He will definitely pass the two tests of this False God Realm.

His problem is whether he can get a high score to complete the Dao sub-level challenge.

Immediately, he smiled and said, "Thank you, my fellow Daoist, for reminding me, I know what to do next."

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng called and walked straight to the test area.

"Hey!"

Seeing the back of Qin Feng leaving, the beautiful woman shook her head slightly and sighed in her heart.

Every year, there are many young people who come to participate in the assessment. They are arrogant and greedy for the rewards of continuous assessment. Without any preparation, they came to participate in the False God Realm assessment.

As a result, there are always one or two things that fail to pass the test, and permanently lose the qualification to be promoted to the False God realm.

Those young people obviously have great potential, but they ruined their bright future in this way.

However, she has said everything she should say. As for whether Qin Feng listens or not, that is Qin Feng's own business.

Thinking of this, the beautiful woman sighed regretfully and ignored it...Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

But he said that after Qin Feng left the monument, he soon came to the northwest corner of the temple.

There are rows of altars there, and many players are going to the altar to receive the Shenwu assessment order of the False God realm.

Qin Feng came to the nearest altar.

I saw that on the half-person-high white altar, a golden divine pattern was engraved, exuding a faint aura.

Qin Feng directly broke the blood and dripped the blood on the altar's **** pattern array...

This token collection is mainly to test whether the players are qualified for the assessment.

Levels lower than level 70, or higher than level 90, are not eligible for assessment.

Those over 1,000 years old are not eligible for the assessment.

Om~!

Soon, the golden light on the altar was shining, and a golden assessment order slowly emerged.

[Player Qin Feng successfully received the assessment order (False God Realm)! The False God Realm assessment is automatically activated…]

[Reminder: After receiving the main hall assessment order, you must complete all project assessments before you can leave the main hall]

[Reminder: If the score of any of the two assessments in this hall is lower than 1 point, it will be judged that the assessment fails, and will be forcibly teleported out of the hall, and will permanently lose the qualification for promotion to the False God realm]

Sure enough!

Qin Feng couldn't help but take a deep breath.

As we all know, the more Shenwu points, the better.

After completing the False God Realm assessment, those Divine Martial Points can also go to the ‘Tianbao Pavilion’ to exchange for advanced resources and treasures.

If the assessment fails in the middle, no matter how many points you have in your hand, it will be forfeited.

Because Tianbao Pavilion, only successfully promoted to the False God realm, is eligible to enter.

If you fail the assessment, you don't even have the qualifications to enter the Tianbao Pavilion, and the points will be automatically invalidated.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[After detecting that the player has been promoted to the demigod realm, within three hours, the virtual **** realm assessment will be activated to meet the continuous assessment reward requirements, and an additional 20 Shenwu points will be awarded]

[It is detected that the player has performed well in the demigod realm assessment, and the extra reward has been doubled tenfold. Congratulations, you have obtained 2 Shenwu points! 】

Om~!

As soon as this reminder came out, the golden token on the altar trembled slightly and lit up with a dazzling golden light.

Continuing assessment rewards are issued!

He also thought that this would not be released until the assessment was completed.

It turns out that as long as the False God realm assessment is activated, it will be issued immediately.

After a while, the token returned to calm, and it seemed that the reward was in place.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng picked up the token and checked it...

【Player】: Qin Feng

[Demigod Realm Assessment]: 6255 points

[Assessment of False God Realm]: No competition yet

[Continuous assessment reward]: 2 points

[Total score]: 6455 points

Seeing this, Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction,Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

I got 2 points before the assessment started, which is a good start.

Next, it was time for him to take the first assessment.

The first assessment in the False God Realm is the comprehension assessment.

Comprehension assessment is related to human wisdom, and also has a lot to do with the strength of soul power.

The stronger the soul, the higher the comprehension.

In addition, perception and luck are also closely related.

The stronger the luck, the better the comprehension.

These two factors, Qin Feng accounted for all.

He is clearly in the demigod realm, but his soul power has reached the limit of the main god.

This point, I am afraid that the entire Azure Dragon Star Region, he is the only one who has done it.

As for luck, it's even more terrifying.

He is the lord of destiny, accompanied by the great luck, and at the same time, he has the blessing of the luck of the present book.

I'm afraid that in this universe, there is no one with stronger luck than him.

With these two factors, his comprehension test results will definitely not be bad.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is full of expectations for the next comprehension assessment.

Now, he's going to take the exam...

But at this moment, there was another reminder of Heavenly Dao in his sea of ​​knowledge...

[The player Qin Feng was detected, the Daozi-level evaluation was activated, and the Daozi Tianbang was automatically displayed...]

[Reminder: Thousands of universes, Daozi cannot reach fifty. Fifty years, within a hundred years, there will be a catastrophe! 】

[As the saying goes: Dao is fifty, Tianyan is forty-nine]

Qin Feng was taken aback.

Daozi Tianbang? !

what is that? !

Boom~Long~Long~!

Without waiting for him to think about it, his sea of ​​knowledge was already golden!

An incomparably sacred phantom of the golden list slowly emerged from within his sea of ​​consciousness!

At that moment, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with a faint golden light, which seemed extremely sacred.

Chapter 737 Dao sub-sequence! Blood Vessel Secret Art!

Qin Feng was surprised, his mind immersed in the sea of ​​​​knowledge, and looked at the golden list...

Om~!

At this moment, at the top of the golden list, a line of purple light lit up!

After the purple light, four golden characters appeared - Daozi Tianbang!

hum~!

At this time, the first line of information lights up below...

[Sequence forty-nine - 13 points]

What does it mean?

Qin Feng was puzzled.

Om~!

Immediately afterwards, the light came on, and the second line of information appeared.

[Sequence forty-eight - 10-026 points]

what!

Is this...