Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Om~!

[Sequence forty-seven - 14-1 points]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was slightly enlightened.

The so-called Daozi Heaven Ranking is the ranking of players who have received a 'Daozi-level' evaluation among thousands of universes.

There can only be one Daozi in one universe!

In fact, many universes fail to give birth to Daozi.

Now it seems that only forty-nine Daozi have been born out of thousands of universes.

This day's list is the ranking of points for getting a 'Daozi-level' evaluation!

Now it seems that the Shenwu points obtained by the forty-ninth place are 13 points!

After thinking about this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he watched curiously...

At the same time, the rankings on the sky list appeared line by line!

The points are getting higher and higher!

Soon, the first place appeared....

[Sequence One - 12937 points]

Seeing this scene, Qin Feng couldn't help taking a deep breath.

Dao sub-sequence one, actually got 12937 points.

This is equivalent to twice the points in his hand.

This first-ranked Daozi, I don't know who was born in that universe, it's really amazing!

Om~!

At this time, lines of information appeared below the gold list...

[Reminder: Players with a score of 1 point can get a Daozi-level evaluation, be listed on the Daozi Tian list, and get a 'Daozi' reward]

[Ranking in the top ten, the reward will be increased by 50%]

[The ranking is in the top three, and the reward is doubled]

[Rank first, with special rewards]

Seeing this, Qin Feng was stunned.

It turns out that the Dao sub-level evaluation, the reward is also divided into levels!

If you enter the top ten, the reward will be increased by 50%!

For the top three, the reward can be doubled!

Even more amazing, there are special rewards for ranking first.

Seeing this, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his fighting spirit instantly ignited.

If only he could make the top ten!

Of course, if you can enter the top three, or even get the first place, that's the best.

However, he only has 6455 points!

It's hard to say whether it can get a Dao sub-level evaluation, let alone winning the first place.

The first place is 12937 points, and he must exceed that score to get the first place.

In any case, in the next assessment, he will go all out.

Even if you don't want to take the first place, you have to set a goal for yourself.

For example, the first goal is to sprint into the top ten.

The second goal, sprint into the top three.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes fell to the sky again...

[Sequence Ten - 11238 points]

[Sequence Three - 12011 points]

It can be seen that if he wants to enter the top ten, his points must exceed 11238 points!

If you want to enter the top three, you must exceed 12,011 points.

It's not easy!

"By the way! When I was promoted to the demigod realm, my aptitude increased by 20%. Those Dao bone pills, bloodline pills, sources of soul power, and sources of divine power can be refined a little more."

"And the Moon Spirit clone obtained 6 drops of high-grade divine blood from Kaxiu, which can also be refined!"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up with joy in his eyes.

He decided to refine those resources first, and then go to participate in the assessment.

The stronger the strength, the more likely it is to get a high score!

Om~!

At this moment, the golden list rang out, and another line of information lit up at the bottom!

[Thousands of universes, Daozi cannot reach fifty. Fifty years, within a hundred years, there will be a catastrophe! 】

[If the number of Daozi people reaches fifty, within a hundred years, the Daozi catastrophe will be opened and one person will be eliminated! 】

Seeing this, Qin Feng was surprised!

It turns out that 'the Daozi cannot be more than fifty' means that there can be no more than fifty people!

If he gets the 'dao sub-level' evaluation this time, he will have fifty people.

In this way, Heavenly Dao will start the 'Heavenly Dao Catastrophe' and let fifty Daoists fight each other!

How cruel!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a sense of urgency in his heart.

It seems that not only does he have to obtain a 'dao sub-level' evaluation, but he must also enter the top ten!

Only by entering the top ten will the Dao sub-level rewards be added.

With the bonus, he will get more benefits, and it will not be easy to be eliminated.

It seems that he has to hurry up to refine resources, first improve himself to the peak, and then go to participate in the first assessment.

After making up his mind, Qin Feng's mind withdrew from the sea of ​​consciousness.

The Daozi Heavenly List has always appeared in his sea of ​​consciousness, and it has not disappeared.

It seems that the Golden List will not disappear until he completes the 'Dao Zi-level' evaluation task.

After the mind returned to reality, Qin Feng put away the assessment order and turned away directly.

He was going to find a remote corner and enter the zero-degree space.

Time is precious to him!

The master of Nakaxiu will arrive in a day.

If his expectations are not bad, after the master of Kaxiu arrives, the body of God will come soon!

These guys are getting stronger.

And he activated the False God realm assessment, and if he did not complete the assessment, he would not be able to leave the Temple of Fortune.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng quickened his pace.

Not long after he walked out of the crowd, a crisp shout came from behind.

"Owner!"

Qin Feng looked at the sound and saw a beautiful figure walking towards him with a look of joy.

The person here is Yu Xuanji!

Yu Xuanji was originally a stunning beauty!

Her appearance surprised many people!

But then, everyone found out that such a beautiful woman was running towards Qin Feng, and she even called Qin Feng 'master'.

what! What's up with this young man?

He has such a beautiful maid!

Everyone couldn't help but look at Qin Feng!

Qin Feng was too lazy to pay attention to the strange eyes of everyone.

Yu Xuanji would even ignore it.

Only her master was in her eyes.

"Master, the concubine is finally waiting for you!"

Yu Xuanji walked over with joy, his eyes full of joy.

"wait for me?"

"Well! The concubine knows that the master will soon be promoted to the demigod realm, so I will wait for you here."

"Oh! How was your assessment?"

Qin Feng asked casually.

"Go back to the master, the concubine has completed the first assessment, and the results are not bad. As for the second assessment, the concubine has not yet gone to the assessment!"

Speaking of the assessment results, Yu Xuanji smiled again.

Obviously, she was very satisfied with her first assessment result.

Qin Feng nodded in relief.

This Yu Xuanji is the 'human messenger' under his command, and he naturally hopes that Yu Xuanji will have a good result.

"Then can you get a god-level evaluation this time?"

Qin Feng asked again with concern.

"God-level? This is a bit difficult. With the current performance of the concubine, there is a possibility of up to 30%!"

Having said that, Yu Xuanji smiled bitterly.

Qin Feng also pondered.

Several of his messengers, even the weakest Qiyue, can get 100% god-level evaluation.

Yu Xuanji, who is also a messenger, can't be pulled down.

The higher the evaluation, the more rewards you will get, and the more solid your foundation will be.

That will be very beneficial to their future development very soon!

It seems that he has to help Yu Xuanji!

In fact, when he helped Yu Xuanji, he was helping himself.

After all, this woman is his 'human messenger', and the stronger her strength, the more sacrifices she will make to him.

The human messenger is one of the six messengers, and can play a key role in his six prisons.

"Come with me!"

"Oh!"

As soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng walked to a remote place.

Yu Xuanji followed closely.

Soon, the two disappeared from everyone's envious eyes.

Of course, that is the envy of Qin Feng!DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

It is the dream of many male players to have such a beautiful and powerful maid.

It didn't take long for Qin Feng and the two to reach a remote corner.