Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Just here!"

Qin Feng looked around, and when no one was looking, he summoned the phantom avatar.

The next second, he waved his hand again, and took Yu Xuanji into the zero-degree space.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Afterwards, he also disappeared out of thin air, leaving only a white spot of light the size of a soy bean in the field, which is the spatial node of the zero-degree space.

The Mirage clone opened its mouth and took a breath, swallowing the space node into its belly.

After doing this, he sat cross-legged, waiting in the corner, waiting for the main body to come out...

At the same time, zero-degree space.

In a certain training room, two figures appeared one after another, it was Yu Xuanji and Qin Feng.

Yu Xuanji looked around and saw that the surroundings were empty, only she and Qin Feng were the two of them, and immediately showed doubts on their faces!

Then, her heart moved, as if thinking of something, she looked at Qin Feng shyly.

The master brought her here to be alone with her, is it because he was going to use that secret technique?

Thinking of this, Yu Xuanji's pretty face turned slightly red, and her legs involuntarily folded slightly.

At this time, Qin Feng looked at her.

Yu Xuanji became more and more nervous, and shyly did not dare to look at Qin Feng...

"Miss Xuanji, this is for you!"

Qin Feng casually threw her a storage ring.

Yu Xuanji was taken aback for a moment, and took a look curiously.

In the next second, a look of shock appeared in her eyes!

In that storage ring, there are Daogu Dan, Shenmai Dan, the source of soul power, the source of divine power and other resources above the middle grade **** rank.

"Master, this is..."

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "These are all resources prepared for you! You have refined all these resources, and it is estimated that if you get a god-level evaluation, there will be no problem."

Yu Xuanji was surprised: "Master, these are resources above the mid-level **** rank! Do you want to give them all to me? This is too precious!"

Qin Feng smiled: "Take it! I still have a lot in my hands. Besides, Feng Xi and Qi Yue have also refined these resources, and you should have a share!"

"Oh~!"

Hearing this, Yu Xuanji obediently put away the storage ring.

Then, she said with joy: "Master, with these resources, the concubine should be able to get a god-level evaluation!"

Qin Feng nodded in relief: "That's good!"

Yu Xuanji can get a god-level evaluation, which is the best.

Of course, if Yu Xuanji's qualifications can be further improved, her chances of getting a god-level evaluation will be more stable.

Besides, the better the Shenwu assessment results, the more Heavenly Dao rewards.

correct! He also has a bloodline secret technique!

It seems that it can also improve the qualifications of subordinates. Do you want to try it on the Yuxuan fuselage?

If the test is successful, it will be of great help to several of his confidants!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng's eyes fell on Yu Xuan's body again.

Chapter 738 Humane Skills! Qualification upgrade!

Yu Xuanji was happy, but when he saw Qin Feng staring at him again, he couldn't help but wonder.

Without waiting for her to think about it, Qin Feng said slowly, "Come here!"

"Oh!"

Yu Xuan stepped forward in confusion.

But for some reason, the closer she got to Qin Feng, the more nervous she became, and some inexplicably happy.

strangeness!

Why did the master let me be near him?

Yu Xuanji muttered in her heart and walked closer.

At this moment, the two were only half a step away.

Looking at the noble face of the master, it is close in front of him.

Yu Xuanji's heartbeat couldn't stop accelerating, and a look of infatuation appeared in his eyes.

"Close your eyes!"

At this time, Qin Feng's magnetic voice sounded softly in her ear.

"Oh~!"

Yu Xuanji obediently closed his eyes.

At this moment, she thought of something subconsciously, and a shy ruddy appeared on her pretty face.

The master is finally going to use that secret technique!

This made her inexplicably nervous, after all, it was her first time...

Seeing Yu Xuanji's slightly shy appearance, Qin Feng smiled.

He naturally knew what the woman was thinking.

Having said that, Yu Xuanji was originally beautiful, but now her shy appearance is even more alluring.

Qin Feng flipped the palm of his hand, and there was a black divine book in the palm of his hand, bursting with dazzling aura, and the breath was extraordinary.

The cover of the book suddenly had a line written on it - the Missal!

When Qin Feng thought about it, the "Missionary" turned into a golden light and poured into his body.

In just a moment, the integration of human and machine is completed!

Qin Feng's body lit up with a faint red light.

He closed his eyes involuntarily, as if receiving some information.

After a while, he slowly opened his eyes and looked at Yu Xuanji who was close at hand.

Yu Xuanji still closed his eyes slightly, waiting nervously for something.

Qin Feng smiled, stretched out her right hand, and raised her smooth chin slightly.

With this lift, Yu Xuanji opened his mouth slightly, with a cute look that Ren Jun picked up, but his breathing became more rapid.

Qin Feng smiled and shook his head, then bowed his head and approached her neck.

Although Yu Xuanji closed his eyes, he clearly sensed that Qin Feng's breathing was rapidly approaching.

The next second, she sensed that Qin Feng's warm lips were approaching her neck

She was so nervous that her whole body trembled!

But before she could think about it, there was a tingling pain in her neck.

Qin Feng's two fangs pierced deeply into her body.

Yu Xuanji was stunned!

Why does the master bite himself?

Does the owner have a special hobby?

However, she didn't struggle, she didn't even open her eyes and let Qin Feng bite!

At this moment, a strange energy poured into her blood from Qin Feng's bite, and flowed to her limbs and bones...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, Yu Xuanji's whole body's blood changed drastically, and his aura was also rapidly increasing...

And Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also sounded the reminder of Heaven...

[Reminder: Your 'human messenger', Yu Xuanji, is receiving your first embrace...]

It turned out that the secret technique Qin Feng wanted to perform on Yu Xuanji was the skill he acquired from the "Miss" - first embrace!

First embrace!

That is the inheritance skill only possessed by the vampire clan on the Blue Star, and it is a kind of humane skill.

Humans who accept the first embrace will become the descendants of vampires, and have some abilities of the blood race, which are much stronger than humans.

And the more advanced the vampire, the better the effect of the first embrace.

Qin Feng is not a vampire, but he has the "Missionary", and he can still display the "first embrace".

He found that 'first embrace' can change human aptitude.

Can this kind of secret technique be used on subordinates to improve their aptitude?

After all, his bloodline talent is extremely high, and the first embrace is a kind of humanistic secret technique related to bloodline.

He can at least use this kind of secret technique to improve the bloodline talent of his subordinates...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In just a moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

【The first embrace is complete! Your 'human messenger' Yu Xuanji has been strengthened by the initial embrace, and the bloodline talent has been promoted from SS level to the early stage of SSS level...]

【The first embrace is complete! Your 'human messenger' Yu Xuanji has been strengthened by the initial embrace, and the qualification has been increased by 20%...]

Huh~!

It worked!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up, and his heart was full of surprises!

20% qualification upgrade!

There is also a substantial evolution of bloodline talent!

This effect is far better than he imagined!

Qin Feng retracted his fangs happily and left Yu Xuanji's neck.

There were two deep blood holes left on the smooth neck.

At this time, the blood hole was automatically healing at a speed visible to the naked eye.

At this moment, Yu Xuanji opened his eyes and looked at himself with surprise.

She found that she became stronger, and her bloodline talent and aptitude were greatly improved.

"Master, that was just now..."

Yu Xuanji looked at Qin Feng in astonishment.

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "I just performed a humanistic secret technique for you, called 'First Embrace', which improved your bloodline and potential!"

Yu Xuanji suddenly realized!

Immediately, she looked grateful: "Master, thank you for helping your concubine improve her qualifications. In this way, my next assessment will definitely not be bad, and the god-level evaluation should be determined."

Having said that, she inexplicably felt that after being embraced by her master for the first time, she became more attached to her master.

There seemed to be more blood ties between the two, making her feel closer.

At this time, Qin Feng said with relief: "Just be confident! Time is running out, hurry up and refine those resources!"

"Yes~!"

Yu Xuanji responded obediently.

Then, she reluctantly turned and left.

Looking at Yu Xuanji's slim and slender back, Qin Feng's eyes were full of expectations.

Next, Yu Xuanji will definitely increase in strength!