Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

It can be seen that the ‘first embrace’ is of great help in improving bloodline talent and aptitude.

At the same time, he also noticed that after the first embrace, the relationship between him and Yu Xuanji became closer, and there was a kind of blood relationship.

In this way, this 'first embrace' is indeed a good means to improve the strength of subordinates!

However, it is somewhat indecent to bite someone's neck for the first time!

Qin Feng touched his lips, which still had Yu Xuanji's body fragrance.

He has to change the way this skill is cast.

Having said that, the human skills are strange and unpredictable, and the effects are extremely miraculous, and they are not inferior to the heaven skills and the authentic skills.

Heavenly Dao skills mostly refer to time skills.

Authentic skills, mostly referring to space skills.

Qin Feng has mastered the three ways of heaven, earth and people.

"By the way! "Missionary" is a copy of the middle page of "Past Book". Since "Missionary" can derive the 'First Embracing' skill. Can the original "Past Book" middle page be derived? 'First Embrace' more powerful humanitarian skills?"

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he felt that it was very feasible.

If he uses the middle page of "Book of the Past" to derive a humanitarian skill that is stronger than 'First Embrace', it will be of great help to his confidants.

Especially for the two little guys Di Jiang and Jumang, the effect will be greater.

Maybe, he can really help Di Jiang and Jumang get the 'Super God-level' rating in one fell swoop.

If those two little guys can get a super god-level evaluation, it will be of great help to him in the future.

When he thinks of it, do it, Qin Feng flips the palm of his hand, and there is another divine book in the palm of his hand - "Book of Life and Death"!

"Book of Life and Death", the pinnacle of high-grade gods!

It is transformed from the middle page of the Book of the Past, and it is more than ten grades higher than that of the Missal.

If this book can derive a humane skill similar to 'First Embrace', the power will definitely be several times stronger, even ten times stronger.

After taking out the "Book of Life and Death", Qin Feng's body flashed with white light, and dozens of fission variants were separated.

Afterwards, the fission variants took various resources and went to the side to retreat and refine.

This time, he broke through to the demigod realm, and the upper limit of aptitude has been increased by 20%.

At this time, ten fission bodies were refining Daogu Dan.

Ten fission bodies are refining bloodline pills.

Five are refining the 'source of divine power', and five others are refining the 'source of soul power'.

The last six fission variants, refining the unicorn blood of the high-grade gods.

After arranging these trivial matters, Qin Feng also sat cross-legged and began to study the "Book of Life and Death"...

In this way, Qin Feng entered the retreat again...

At the same time, something was happening in the Blue Star Realm.

The disciples of Longyuan City, under the arrangement of Liu Xuan and other high-level officials, were divided into four groups to go to the Temple of Creation to prepare for the Shenwu assessment.

Liu Xuan led the first batch, which has already started.

Granny Fengqi, Granny Yusang, and Elder Qishan brought a group each.

Yueling clone continued to sit in the floating city.

The wood spirit clones and ice spirit clones went to major stations to upgrade various public buildings and continue to improve the strength of Longyuan City.

It turned out that after Longyuan City was upgraded to level 12, various public buildings could also be upgraded.

In this way, the whole Longyuan City is flourishing

On the other side, in the forbidden area of ​​the Jewish people.

Judah and Jusiel, at this time, did not know that Kasius had been killed.

The two have been waiting for Kaxiu's triumphant return.

They will also talk about Kaxiu from time to time, and they are all describing how miserable Qin Feng will die!

They are still looking forward to it, the Holy Land Pass has fallen into the hands of Kaxiu...Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Time flies!

It didn't take long for the outside world to pass, and in the zero-degree space, more than four hours had passed.

At this moment, in the secret room of cultivation.

Qin Feng looked at the "Book of Life and Death" in front of him with joy.

After several hours of research, he also learned from the "Missions", he finally researched 4.5 and developed a humanitarian skill that was displayed through the "Book of Life and Death".

In fact, that 'humane skill' is one of the abilities that comes with the Book of Life and Death. It is very similar to the 'first embrace', but the effect is several times stronger, even ten times stronger.

However, if you want to use that skill, you need to master the SSS level - the law of creation!

SSS class rules! Extremely difficult to master!

Even if Yan Tianshen Zun had the "Book of Life and Death" for many years, he couldn't display that humanitarian skill.

Because Yan Tian Shenzun has mastered the SSS-level law of destiny, but there is no SSS-level law of creation.

Coincidentally, Qin Feng has mastered the SSS-level law of creation!

That's what he got through the 'World Tree'!

"Not bad! I finally researched it! However, if you want to display that humanistic secret technique, you still need the 'World Tree' to cooperate..."

Qin Feng smiled slightly and put away the "Book of Life and Death" in front of him.

The next second, he wanted to summon the projection of the 'World Tree'.

Boom~Long~Long~!

But at this moment, his whole body's soul power fluctuated violently, and his momentum soared!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was overjoyed!

It turned out that his five fission variants refined all the five groups of 'source of soul power'.

As a result, his soul power will increase greatly.

This will be very beneficial to his next assessment! .

Chapter 739 Reborn! Climb to the top!

Boom~Long~Long~!

In this way, Qin Feng's soul power oscillated, and his momentum skyrocketed!

He couldn't help but closed his eyes, and there were constant reminders of Heavenly Dao from the sea of ​​​​knowledge...

[Your fission body successfully absorbed the 'source of soul power'! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and the combat power has increased by +2.2 million stars]

[Your fission body successfully absorbed the 'source of soul power'...

After a while, all the visions slowly disappeared!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, his face full of joy.

Boom~Long~Long!

But before he could finish being happy, the blood in his whole body surged, and his momentum skyrocketed all the way again...

[Your fission body has successfully refined the unicorn divine blood (high-grade divine rank)! Your soul body has been greatly strengthened, and the combat power has increased by +4.1 million stars...]

[Your fission body refines the blood of the unicorn...

Qin Feng smiled again!

Those six drops of unicorn blood have also been refined!

After a while, the qi and blood fluctuations in his body subsided, and all the visions disappeared again!

"Hoo~! It's finally finished refining!"

Qin Feng let out a long breath and felt quite comfortable.

At this point, all the resources he should refine have been refined.

It turns out that those Daogu Dan, Shenmai Dan, and the source of divine power have been refined first.

Next, he should end the retreat and go to participate in the first assessment!

Of course, before that, he had to deal with a few chores first.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng opened the panel to check his latest progress...

[realm]: demigod realm

[Combat Strength]: 1.979 billion stars

[Bloodline]: SSS-level Great Perfection 63.71% 19

[Soul Power]: 99.99% of the limit of the main god

After reading this, Qin Feng felt the pleasure of growing stronger again in his heart!

Before he knew it, his combat power increased to 1.979 billion stars, not far from 2 billion!

The only regret is that his soul power has reached 99.99% of the limit of the main god, and he is only a little short of breaking through to the level of the quasi-god king.

If his soul power can reach the level of a quasi-god king, then the next comprehension test will definitely be extremely beneficial.

such a pity!

He no longer has the resources to increase his soul power!

"I don't want to do so much anymore, it's time to take part in the assessment!"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and slowly got up.

However, before going to the assessment, he had to upgrade the qualifications of several of his subordinates with the humanitarian skills he had just learned.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng looked up in a certain direction.

That was the direction that Di Jiang, Jumang and other six people retreated.

Unfortunately, that humanistic skill can only be used on targets above the demigod realm, and cannot be used on Di Jiang and Jumang for the time being.

Only after they are promoted to the demigod realm can they improve their qualifications.

correct!

Yu Xuanji is a demigod and should be useful to her.

Although Yu Xuanji had accepted the 'first embrace', that humanistic skill was stronger than the 'first embrace' and should still be effective.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng flashed and disappeared into the secret room.

The next second, he appeared in another secret room.

I saw a beautiful figure sitting cross-legged in the secret room. It was that Jade Xuanji!

As soon as Qin Feng arrived, Yu Xuanji sensed it, and she opened her eyes immediately.

"Owner!"

Seeing Qin Feng, Yu Xuanji's beautiful eyes showed joy!

"Master, why are you here?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "How is the retreat?"

Yu Xuanji said happily: "Master, this concubine has refined a lot of resources this time, and the combat power has improved a lot. It should be no problem to get a god-level evaluation."

Hearing this, Qin Feng couldn't help looking at her.

Sure enough, Yu Xuanji's combat power has increased to 370,000 stars, which is very good!

Qin Feng nodded in relief, very satisfied!

Afterwards, he asked again, "Is the upper limit of your refining resources approaching?"

Yu Xuanji nodded slightly: "Yeah! With the qualifications of a concubine, if you refine one more Dao bone pill and one Shenmai pill, you will no longer be able to refine it."