Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 92: Longyuan Village, Domineering Rise!

As soon as Qin Feng entered the chat channel, he saw everyone and was already waiting impatiently.

"Brothers, when did Boss Qin Feng build a village?"

"I don't know! I'm so anxious to wait!"

"So is my little sister! I really want to know what will happen after the village is established!"

"Haha, me too!"

Liu Yuan: "Brothers, I just went to the regional channel with Wu Yong, and those dogs talk sourly, and they all look down on us."

Wu Yong: "That's right! I'm thinking right now, Boss Qin Feng will set up a village early, let those people take a good look and beat them in the face."

Qi Jie: "Two bosses, after you left, the guys from the Lighthouse Country, Asan Country, Nanbang Country, and Sakurajima Country all jumped around so hard, they all said you were bragging!"

Wu Yong: "Fuck~! I'm so **** off! I'm going to scold them to death!"

Liu Yuan: "Old Wu, don't go! When the boss of Qin Feng has established a village, we will scold them for being a **** mess."

Wu Yong: "Well! Good idea! By the way, what is the beginning of Qin Feng's boss? I can't wait!"

"Yeah! I can't wait!"

"Call boss Qin Feng! Call dear boss Qin Feng!"

"Boss Qin Feng, come out and take a bubble!"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, I'm here!"

"Wow! Boss Qin Feng appeared, so excited!"

"Brother Qin Feng, when will we build a village?"

"Yes! Boss Qin Feng, when will we build a village?"

Qin Feng: "I'll build it right away! But before that, I want to give our village 913 resounding names. What do you think is a good name?"

"Yes! It seems that when a village is established, it can be given a name, and you don't need to look at the number in the future. This is an honor! We must name it well!"

"Let's think about it together! You must have a domineering name!"

"Of course! I think it's called 'Domineering Village'!"

"I'm going! It's too earthy! Or call it the 'Sacred Village'!"

"Fuck~! You are even dirtier!"RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Little sister thinks it can be called 'Fairy Village', what a lovely name!"

"Girl upstairs, are you kidding me? Most of our villages are men, but you call it 'Fairy Village'?"

Qin Feng: "Everyone, we are all from the Dragon Kingdom! We must inherit the spirit of the Dragon Kingdom. We must make everyone like a dragon, so that everyone can soar in the nine heavens, dominate the world, and kill the world on this side to create a prosperous era of the Dragon Kingdom. !"

Qin Feng: "Now, this small village is the source of our future hegemony. So, how about we call it 'Longyuan Village'?"

As soon as these words fell, everyone echoed.

"'Longyuan Village'! Not bad! Not bad! Good name!"

"Yes! It's called Longyuan Village!"

"It's still Mr. Qin Feng who will name it!"

Qin Feng: "Okay! The name has been decided! I'm going to build a village now!"

"Boss, hurry up and go!"

"Yeah! We can't wait!"

The crowd was excited.

At the moment, Qin Feng quit the chat channel.

After a while, on the square.

Qin Feng took out the 'Village Chief Appointment Letter' from the storage ring, then pierced his fingertips, squeezed out a drop of blood essence, and dripped it on the appointment letter.

Om~!

In just an instant, the appointment letter absorbed the blood essence and emitted a dazzling aura.

The next second, it turned into a golden light and poured into Qin Feng's body.

Suddenly, Qin Feng's whole body lit up with golden light...

[Reminder: You are integrating the appointment letter of the village chief...]

[Reminder: The fusion is successful! Congratulations on becoming the mayor of No. 1 911 Village, your authority will enjoy the protection of the sacred covenant. 】

[Reminder: You have obtained the 'Village Chief' interface. 】

[Reminder: Please enter the village chief operation interface and rename the 911 village. After the naming is successful, the village is officially created. 】

Qin Feng's heart moved, and he opened the Tiandao light screen.

Sure enough, at the bottom left of the screen, there is an option for 'village chief interface'.

After he entered that interface, he started to operate.

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone was anxiously waiting.

"Why hasn't Qin Feng done it yet?"

"I can't wait to die!"

"Yes! I'm so anxious too!"

Just as everyone was looking up, an announcement resounded throughout the Blue Star Realm.

[Announcement to the whole world: In District 1, Village No. 911 officially established a village and changed its name to "Longyuan Village" in District 1. This name is exclusive. 】

Boom~!

As soon as the news came out, there were earth-shattering cheers in the chat channel.

This message was also received in every corner of the Blue Star Realm.

The envy of countless villages!

In the regional chat channel in Area 1, everyone was extremely shocked.

Suddenly, those people were crazy with envy of 911 Village!

Before, those bragging about the 911 village felt embarrassed.

At the same time, all members of the 911 village received a new message.

[Announcement: Qin Feng, the village chief, issued an invitation to join all 911 village members. Those who are willing to join Longyuan Village will be automatically promoted to villagers of Longyuan Village; those who are unwilling to join will automatically disappear from their novice cabins and become refugees. 】

As soon as the news came out, a dialog box popped up in front of everyone, showing whether to accept the invitation.

Without any hesitation, everyone chose to join.

[Liu Xuan agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

[Wu Yong agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

[Longshan agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

[Lei Jue agrees to the invitation and becomes a villager of 'Longyuan Village'! 】

...

In less than a minute, everyone joined Longyuan Village.

In each person's Tiandao light screen, there is an additional villager operation interface.

[Announcement: After the villagers have been invited, Longyuan Village has been officially created! 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to all the villagers, you will be blessed by Heaven, and you can get 20 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement: Congratulations to the village chief Qin Feng, you will be blessed by the Tao of Heaven, and you can get 100 attribute rewards. 】

[Announcement: Longyuan Village is one of the top ten villages in the Blue Star Realm, and all initial attributes are +100%, so the attribute point rewards of the village chief and villagers are +100%]

[Announcement: The difficulty of building a village in Longyuan Village is twice that of other villages, so the reward is doubled. 】

[Announcement: The villager reward of Longyuan Village has been changed to +80 attribute. 】

[Announcement: The village chief reward of Longyuan Village has been changed to +400 attributes. 】

Boom~Long~Long!

As soon as the news was announced, the sky over the entire village shook.

One after another white beams of light fell from the sky and fell on all the villagers.

The attribute points of all the villagers have skyrocketed, rising by 80 points in just a moment.

From every corner of the village, there were earth-shattering cheers.

At the same moment, in that square.

A beam of light fell on Qin Feng, and his attributes began to soar.

In a blink of an eye, he gained 400 attributes!

Ha ha!

400 attribute rewards!

Cool!

It's so cool!

Qin Feng was overjoyed.

He didn't expect that the benefits of being the village chief would be so great.

And this is just the beginning...

At the same moment, in the chat channel, everyone cheered.

"Haha!! It's so cool! All of a sudden, the attribute has increased by 80 points!"

"Yeah! I think I can kill monsters two levels higher now!"

"Woo! Woo! I was worried that I couldn't pass the novice test, but now I can finally rest assured."

"Yeah! Originally, about 10% of the people in our village were still in danger of being assessed. Now with these 80 attributes, 99.9% of the people are sure to pass the assessment!"

"Haha! Boss Qin Feng brought all this to us."

"Everyone, the benefits we get from becoming villagers are twice as much as the top ten villages! It's four times as much as ordinary villages!"

"Low-key! Low-key! Brothers, this matter must be low-key. We can admit to the outside world that we are the top ten villages in the Blue Star Realm, but don't say that the benefits we get are twice as high as the top ten."

"That's right! Mu Xiu will be destroyed by Lin Feng! We can't let the other top ten villages be targeted. That's not good. They don't want to see us become the strongest force in the Blue Star Realm!"

"Brothers! Go to the villager interface to see, there are many novel functions!"

"Wow! Really!"

"Fuck! There is also the function of returning to the village with one click!"

At this moment, the chat channel was boiling again.

Everyone curiously entered the ‘village operation interface’…………

Chapter 93 Fight against God's punishment and guard the altar!

At the same time, Qin Feng was also studying the 'village chief operating interface'.

"Hey! Go back to the village with one click?"

Qin Feng also discovered the same function and read the introduction carefully.

[One key to return to the village: When choosing one key to return to the village, you need to stay in place for one minute, and then you can be teleported back to your novice cabin by Tiandao. 】

[Reminder: This function has a limit on the number of times it can be used. Villagers can only use it once a day. The village chief can use it three times a day. 】

"This function is good!"