Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Speaking of which, Yu Xuanji was a little helpless.

The master gave her a lot of resources, but because of qualifications, she couldn't refine them all.

At this time, Qin Feng said, "I am here to improve your qualifications and increase your refining limit!"

Yu Xuanji's eyes lit up: "Master, can you still improve the qualifications of your concubine?"

Qin Feng smiled slightly: "You have to try it to find out!"

Yu Xuanji rejoiced: "Master, you can try it out with your concubine!"

"Okay! Then close your eyes!"

"Um!"

Yu Xuanji obediently closed his eyes and waited expectantly.

Soon, Qin Feng walked to her side.

Om~!

At this time, Qin Feng's mind moved, and the golden light in the back of his head was released!

A huge phantom of the divine tree appeared behind his head, which was the projection of the 'World Tree'!

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as the divine tree appeared, a shocking power of law radiated from the projection of the divine tree and poured into Qin Feng's body!

That is the SSS level - the law of creation!

Immediately afterwards, Qin Feng flipped his palm again, and the book of life and death appeared in his palm, which turned into a golden light and poured into his body!

In just a moment, the integration of human and machine is completed!

Another invisible human power radiated from him!

That is the power of humanity controlled by the Book of Life and Death!

After doing this, Qin Feng broke the blood and squeezed out a drop of blood, red as glass, with its own glow...

Then, Qin Feng pressed a finger to Yu Xuanji's forehead...

The power of humanity and creation in his body followed his fingers, poured into the blood on his fingertips, and penetrated into Yu Xuanji's eyebrows...

Boom~Long~Long~!

In the next second, an earth-shattering roar sounded in Yu Xuanji's sea of ​​consciousness, and his breath began to increase all the way...

[Reminder: Your human messenger, Yu Xuanji, is undergoing a 'reborn' transformation...]

[Reborn: One of the skills attached to "Book of Life and Death", by strengthening the past foundation of the target, so as to achieve the effect of greatly improving the qualifications]

[Reminder: This skill needs to be activated with the SSS-level 'law of creation'! 】

For a while! Everything calmed down!

【The rebirth is complete! Your 'human messenger' Yu Xuanji, the aptitude has increased by 70% again...]

It worked!

Very smooth!

Qin Feng breathed a sigh of relief, and smiled and removed his fingers.

Yu Xuanji also opened his eyes in surprise!

"My God! Master, my aptitude has increased by 70%!"

Yu Xuanji blushed with excitement.

"Um!"

Qin Feng smiled and nodded, extremely satisfied.

This reborn technique is much stronger than the first embrace!

With this secret technique, he can train the messengers well.

He is the Supreme Judge and needs the assistance of many messengers.

The stronger the messengers, the stronger he will be, and the greater the benefits will be!

At this time, Yu Xuanji said excitedly: "Master, my qualifications have improved, and my concubine can refine some more resources. When my concubine becomes stronger, I can better help my master."

Qin Feng smiled and nodded: "This deity also expects you to become stronger! Time is short, you continue to retreat!"

"Um!"

Yu Xuanji happily promises...

At the moment, Qin Feng said no more, and left the secret room in a flash...

The next second, he appeared in the Temple of Fortune, in a remote corner.

At this moment, the Mirage clone was sitting in the corner meditating.

After Qin Feng appeared, he left directly.

He and the phantom avatar are of the same mind and do not need language communication at all, everything is understood.

At this moment, Qin Feng is going to participate in the assessment.

The Mirage clone continued to stay in place, waiting for Yu Xuanji, Di Jiang and others to leave the customs.

Now in the zero-degree space, without Qin Feng, we have to rely on Qiyue's time force field to speed up everyone's refining time.

And the zero-dimensional space is in the mirage's body.

He wants to wait for Dijiang and several people to leave the customs, and then send them back to the Temple of Creation, and let them go to the demigod realm...

Just like this, Qin Feng left the corner of the hall and walked towards the first test.

It didn't take long for him to arrive at the test site.

I saw the test place, there is a 10,000-zhang-high **** tablet, all white jade, with four golden characters of 'comprehension test' written on it.

Around the monument, there are more than a dozen gates of light entrances.

Qin Feng could see from a distance that many players came in and out, which was very lively.

The players who entered were all nervous.

Most of the players who came out were sad.

There were occasional complaints from the crowd.

"Hey! It's too hard! It's too hard! The old man only got 1 point on the comprehension test!"

"Brother, you are much better than me! I got 0 points in this test! There is no chance to advance to the False God realm in this life! Hey!"

Sighs like this come from time to time.

Qin Feng was shocked to hear this!

His goal is to hit the top ten of the Daozi Heaven Ranking.

If so, he must score 25 points or more in the comprehension test to have some hope.

But looking at the tone of these contestants, this comprehension test is too difficult, even getting 1 point is not easy!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt a little uneasy.

At the moment, he quickened his pace and walked towards the nearest door of light...

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to walk to the door of light and step in.

After a while, he stepped into a huge space, and there were a lot of noises around!

Qin Feng looked around quickly and found himself standing on a huge square.

The square was a million feet in diameter and was actually suspended in the starry sky.

There are more than a dozen gates of light on the square, and players one after another come in from the gates of light.

At this moment, tens of thousands of players gathered in the square.

These people are all here to participate in the comprehension assessment.

It turns out that the comprehension assessment is open, and all contestants can participate together.

At this time, there were laments and complaints from time to time in the crowd, and almost most of the players did not do well in the test.

Qin Feng looked up again and looked straight ahead. There was a row of huge white stairs, all of which were 10,000 zhang wide and 100 zhang high.

Those white stairs, the first one is higher than the first, there are nine hundred and ninety-nine steps, and they reach the sky.

At the top of the stairs, there is a huge golden stele with a line of mysterious words engraved on it.

Below the ladder, people can't see what's on it at all.

Only when you reach the top can you see the text on the monument.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

In fact, these ladders in front of you are the place for comprehension assessment.

The Heavenly Dao has an invisible Heavenly Dao restriction on each step.

That kind of prohibition does not belong to any kind of law, but a pure innate power of Dao rhyme.

Heavenly Dao requires players to understand the Dao rhythm in it, in order to break the ban and climb a higher ladder.

Qin Feng visually observed that there were more than a hundred thousand people meditating on the first floor.

There are only thirty or forty thousand people on the second floor!

The third floor is less than 10,000 people!

The higher the ladder is, the fewer people can reach it.

When they reached the seventieth floor, there were only three or four people left.

Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the first floor...

If he wants to get more than 25 points, he must climb the 999th floor and reach the golden stele.

Chapter 740 Instant epiphany! Endless opportunities!

Climb through 999 stairs!

The difficulty is unimaginable!

Qin Feng was very anxious.

He also doesn't know if he can break through all of them!

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, in his sea of ​​knowledge, there was a reminder from the heavens...

[Welcome players to enter the comprehension test space - Tianjie space]

[The assessment rules for this item are as follows]

[Competitors enter each step and need to comprehend Dao rhyme within 1 hour. If you fail to comprehend, you will lose the authority to continue the assessment]

【Every time you cross a ladder, the player can get 1 point】

[In each step, comprehend within five minutes, double the points, and get 2 points. 】

[In each step, comprehend within one minute, the points tripled, that is, 3 points]

[For this assessment, the force field is invalid at any time]

[In this assessment, any elixir is invalid when taking it]

【For every accumulated 1 point, you can get additional rewards】

After listening to the prompt, Qin Feng became more and more nervous.

He originally thought about whether he could rely on the time force field to cheat.

Now it seems that I can only give up this idea!

If he wants to pass the 999th order, he can only rely on his own strength.

However, there are some small surprises here.