Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

For example, if you comprehend within one minute, your points will triple.

If he performs well in the early stage and gets 25 points, there is still a chance.

In addition, every time the points increase to 1 point, there will be additional rewards, which is also a surprise!

Just don't know what the reward will be?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode to the first floor.

After a while, he walked to the first floor of the stairs.

The first floor of the stairs, half a meter higher than the square, can be stepped up with just one foot...

Between the stairs and the square, there was also a transparent light curtain.

Passing through that light curtain, the assessment will start automatically...

At this time, Qin Feng looked through the light curtain and looked towards the first floor stairs.

I saw that the stairs were like a huge square, and hundreds of thousands of players were sitting cross-legged in it, all trying to understand the rhythm of Taoism.

Looking at the expressions of those players, it is also colorful.

I saw some frowning, some sweating on their foreheads, some grinning, some with messy hair, some with gloomy expressions, some with joy on their faces, and some with confidence...

Just by looking at the expressions of those people, you can know that this comprehension assessment is an invisible competition!

"Little brother, are you going to participate in the assessment?"

At this moment, an old man's voice sounded beside Qin Feng.

He couldn't help turning his head to look, and saw an old man with gray hair and a kind face, greeting him.

Next to the old man, there were several players.

These people looked at the situation inside the mask, and their faces were still pale.

Qin Feng nodded slightly: "That's right!"

The old man took a deep breath: "Little brother, this comprehension test is extremely difficult! Most people don't score more than ten points. If you are not ready, don't try it lightly!"

As soon as these words fell, several people beside the old man took over the conversation one after another.

"Brother Mu Yan is right! This little brother, I think you are so young, you shouldn't be too old, right? Most young people's spirit strength is not high, and they are very disadvantaged in the comprehension test. "!"

"Yes! Little brother, don't underestimate this assessment! If you fail to pass the level, you will lose the qualification to be promoted to the False God realm."

"Little friend! As far as the old man knows, some people have been in the Temple of Fortune for seven years to prepare, and they have not tried the assessment easily!"

All those people spoke earnestly.

In fact, they were all lacking in confidence, so they kept watching from the outside of the mask, but they didn't dare to go in for the assessment.

At this moment, when they saw that Qin Feng was going in, they couldn't help but persuade them a few words.

In their opinion, Qin Feng is much younger than them, and his soul power should not be as good as them.

Even they didn't dare to enter the assessment easily, Qin Feng went in like this, I'm afraid he didn't know the difficulty of the assessment.

So, they kindly reminded!

People always like to look at the world from their own perspective.

If you think you can't do it, others can't do it.

Just like in the eyes of ants, a big rooster is a big mac.

In the eyes of a giant dragon, a big rooster is a small one.

The same thing, different angles, the answers are naturally different.

Qin Feng also knows that these people are kindly reminding.

He smiled slightly: "Thank you for the reminders! I know what to do next!"

As soon as the voice fell, he walked towards the mask in front of him.

Seeing that Qin Feng did not listen to the persuasion, he went straight to the examination area.

Mu Yan and the others shook their heads slightly, feeling quite speechless.

However, they didn't bother to stop it.

It's time to remind, they have already reminded.

When the time came, it was the young man who brought it on himself.

Afterwards, Mu Yan and the others whispered again.

"This young man is really confident! I kindly advise him, but he doesn't seem to care about it!"

"Young people! They are all a little arrogant!"

"Haha! It's so arrogant and arrogant! Having said that, this old man has seen several young people who entered the examination area as confidently as he did. What's the result? Seven out of ten people got 0 points, two 1 points, and the last one got 0 points. One is only 2 points!"

"Yeah! Young people are too arrogant! You said, this kid can get 1 point when he goes in?"

"It's hard to say! This test is actually very bad for young people! Let's watch it!"

"Alright! Let's see if this young man can get 1 point. If he can get 1 point, even if he is lucky, at least he doesn't lose the qualification to be promoted to False God realm!"

Mu Yan muttered in a low voice.

The tone of several of them also carried the meaning of watching a good show.

Their whispers were naturally heard by Qin Feng.

The corners of his mouth twitched slightly, and he didn't bother to pay attention to it. He directly stepped over the light curtain and entered the first stair.

"That kid really went in!"

Mu Yan and the others stared at Qin Feng.

They didn't expect Qin Feng to be so simple!

But it was said that Qin Feng had only stepped into the first layer of stairs, and there was a reminder of the Tao of Heaven in the sea of ​​​​knowledge...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the first step, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds, please prepare for the contestant...]

【Countdown: 3…】

The examination is about to begin!

Qin Feng looked up at the sky.

His strange actions made several players around who were comprehending all show surprise.

You must know that generally the players who come in will enter the meditation state at the first time.

Because in the state of meditation, it is easier to enter the epiphany.

As soon as this young man came in, he stood still, without the slightest intention to meditate. What was he thinking?

It's not that the brain is not very good, is it?

After a few players glanced at Qin Feng with a strange expression, they ignored it and continued to understand their rhyme...

Om~!

At this moment, a white beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng...

At that moment, he was banned and covered with a translucent forbidden mask, exuding a faint aura...

Immediately afterwards, a force of restraint containing innate rhythm penetrated into his body...

Qin Feng suddenly felt a strange force entering his body, flowing towards Rang's limbs and bones, imprisoning him in place and unable to move.

Now, he can only raise his eyes and look around, or stand up and sit down, but he can't move his position.

It turned out that after being banned by Heaven, the players would be locked in place and unable to move.

Only after comprehending the rhythm of Dao and breaking the prohibition, can you move freely on the first floor and have permission to go to the second floor.

Om~!

At this moment, Tiandao sent another reminder...

[The first floor test begins! Time now: 0…]

As soon as the timing started, a majestic Dao rhyme, like a tide, poured into Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness...

Om~!

Qin Feng's soul body automatically lights up with golden light!

At that moment, his thoughts poured into those Dao rhymes, began to contact Dao rhyme, and realized Dao rhyme...

"." Hey! This is..."

As soon as Qin Feng's thoughts came into contact with the Dao Yun, scenes of illusions automatically appeared in his sea of ​​consciousness...

In that illusion, there are hundreds of flowers in full bloom, vegetation withered, and forests withered...

For a moment, Qin Feng had a kind of enlightenment in his heart!

His soul power is too strong!

As soon as he came into contact with Dao Yun, he clearly sensed that Dao Yun was the innate Dao Yun related to the Law of Wood...

It was at that moment that he realized that in the original comprehension assessment, it was the innate rhyme that allowed the players to understand the laws of each system...

A player who has mastered the rules of the wood element will more easily understand the innate rhythm of the wood element.

For players who do not master the rules of the wood system, it will be much more difficult to understand the innate rhythm of the wood system.

It can be seen that this comprehension assessment also depends on luck.

If you are lucky, you will have a higher success rate when you encounter a Dao rhyme that matches your own mastery of the rules.

If you are unlucky and encounter Dao Yun, which is your weakness, you may not be able to pass the first floor.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

But this is not a problem for Qin Feng at all.

He has all the laws of the Nine Elements and masters them all.

Even the rare laws of heaven, such as blood, soul, and escape, have been mastered.

In this way, not only does he not have to worry, but because he has a lot of talents, his understanding of various Dao rhymes has a blessing, and it is easier to realize it...

In other words, this comprehension assessment was designed just for him!

There are almost no people in this universe like him who have mastered all the laws and talents, maybe he is the only one!

In just an instant, Qin Feng entered a state of epiphany!

He greedily comprehends the rhythm of the wood system!

An extremely wonderful feeling bred in his heart and permeated his heart.

At the same time, his understanding of the rhyme of the wood system has deepened along the way...

And with the deepening of his perception, the power of the law of wood that he has mastered is also increasing along the way...

This surprised Qin Feng!

It turns out that comprehending these Dao rhymes can also strengthen the power of the law!

It can be seen that this is not only an examination, but also an opportunity!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng felt immersed in epiphany...

At the same moment, outside the light curtain.

Mu Yan and the others were staring at Qin Feng closely.

One of the old men frowned slightly: "Why is this kid standing there, not going to meditate?"

"Yeah! It's easier to have an epiphany when you're meditating! If you do it like this, I'm afraid that an hour later, he won't be able to realize it!"

Another middle-aged man shook his head with disgust.

He doesn't seem to be used to it, and Qin Feng does his own way.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

But as soon as his words fell, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body began to crack every inch...

"Hey! That's... my God! The ban is cracked!"