Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Bang Jian!

Mu Yan and several people were shocked!

Ban cracking!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

It means that the perception is successful, and it is necessary to break the ban!

But it's only been a few seconds?

I'm afraid it's less than 3 seconds!

Mu Yan and the others are a little stunned!

They don't know, it's just an appetizer, it's just the beginning....

Chapter 741 Break through again and again! Strength upgrade!

At this moment, Mu Yan and the others were a little stunned!

Especially before, the middle-aged man who disliked Qin Feng inexplicably felt uncomfortable.

He also said just now that Qin Feng couldn't understand it for an hour.

But as soon as the voice fell, Qin Feng was about to realize his success!

This slap came too fast!

"My God! It's about to break the ban! Does he want to break the ban within 3 seconds?"

At this moment, Mu Yan couldn't help but exclaim!

"Heh! Want to break the ban in 3 seconds? It's not that easy! It is estimated that he will take more than 10 seconds!"

The middle-aged man couldn't help but muttered!

But his voice fell, and the field changed!

Kacha~!

Just hear a bang!

The forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body shattered and turned into a little starlight, and began to dissipate everywhere!

The middle-aged man was suddenly embarrassed, and his old face turned slightly red!

The players who were sitting around Qin Feng were also alarmed. One by one, they opened their eyes from the meditation and looked at Qin Feng in surprise!

Didn't this young man just come in!

Did he break the ban? !

This is too fast!

Those players are unbelievable!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the wood-based Dao rhyme on this floor, your control over the wood-based laws has deepened, and your combat power has increased by +30,000 stars]

what! The combat power has increased!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up!

It turns out that comprehension of Dao Yun can strengthen the power of the law, thereby enhancing the combat power!

He actually added 30,000 star combat power this time!

Qin Feng is very happy!

This comprehension test is really a great opportunity!

You know, this is the first level!

There are nine hundred and ninety-eight levels behind!

If he succeeds in each level, he can improve his combat power. When he finishes 999 levels, his strength 9 will definitely increase!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng is even more looking forward to the next breakthrough.

Before he was happy, Tiandao sent another reminder

[Assessment reminder: You completed the first step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 2 seconds on the first step and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Om~!

As soon as this prompt came out, the assessment token on Qin Feng's body lit up with a faint light.

He quickly took it out and saw the latest assessment information.

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

【Pass the level】: Step 1

[Cumulative score]: 4 points

Seeing this, Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile. .

This is the first level, and he got 4 points!

Very good start!

At this pace, it's not impossible for him to score 25 points.

Immediately, he put away the token and strode forward.

Time is precious, and he has to hurry to participate in the second-step assessment.

His action immediately attracted the attention of many people.

At this moment, in the first step, many players cast envious expressions towards him.

Those who can walk freely on the first step are all players who have successfully broken the ban!

This young man, at least passed the comprehension test, it won't be 0 points.

And among them, there are many people who can't even break 0 points!

At the same moment, outside the light curtain.

Mu Yan and the others also looked at Qin Feng with envy.

"I didn't expect it! This young man completed the assessment within a minute. So, he got 3 points!"

"Yeah! No wonder, he was so confident before, it turns out that he is really capable!"

The tone of Mu Yan and the others were full of envy.

They didn't know that Qin Feng didn't get 3 points, but 4 points!

Among the few people, the middle-aged man frowned slightly.

Qin Feng let him be slapped in the face twice in a row, and he was a little embarrassed.

At the moment, the middle-aged man Dendrobium said sourly: "I want Shi to see that this kid can successfully pass the first level, there should be a lot of luck!"

Mu Yan wondered: "Daoist friend Dendrobium, how do you say this?"

Dendrobium sneered: "Brother Mu Yan, as we all know, in this comprehension assessment, the Dao rhyme prohibition descended by the Heavenly Dao contains various attributes. Just now, that kid received the Dao rhyme prohibition, faintly glowing with blue light, it should be Wood is the rhyme of Taoism."

"As far as I'm concerned, this kid should have mastered the rules of the wood system, so he could understand the wood-based rhyme so smoothly. To put it bluntly, he is lucky!"

"You know, not everyone can be so lucky, and you can meet the rhythm that fits your own laws in the first level. This is a very lucky thing in itself!"

Dendrobium's words were full of sourness, obviously jealous of Qin Feng's luck.

Even, he attributed Qin Feng's excellent results to luck.

Mu Yan nodded slightly.

They also think Qin Feng's luck is good!

That kid is so lucky!

This group of people are all old guys. Dendrobium is the youngest among them, but they are also about two hundred years old, and they look like middle-aged people.

On the other hand, Qin Feng is much younger than them at first glance.

They don't want to admit that a young man's soul power can be so much stronger than theirs.

This goes against common sense!

They would rather believe that Qin Feng's excellence should have a lot of luck!

At that moment, Mu Yan murmured, "Brother Dendrobium, what do you think the second level of this young man will be?"

Dendrobium said with sourness: "It depends on his luck! If the second level is not the wood-based Daoyun, he will not have the same luck as before. Besides, the second level is more difficult to understand than the original. The first level is much bigger."

"So, it's hard to say whether this kid can get 2 points in the second level, let alone get 3 points! If he is unlucky, he won't even get 1 point!"

Hearing this, Mu Yan and the others felt inexplicably relieved.

I think they have been hesitant and dare not go to the test.

As soon as Qin Feng came up, he passed the border easily.

With such a strong contrast, it would be a lie to say that they are not jealous of Qin Feng!

Besides, they didn't want to be crushed like this by a young man, it would hurt too much face.

And what Dendrobium said was exactly what they expected in their hearts.

It's best that Qin Feng can't get a point in the second pass, which is more in line with their expectations.

At the moment, Mu Yan smiled slightly: "Brother Dendrobium's analysis is very reasonable! Let's continue to observe! Let's see if this young man can pass the second test!"

Just like that, Mu Yan and the others continued to stare at Qin Feng

At this time, Qin Feng had reached the second step.

The second step, as high as 100 zhang, needs to jump up from the first step.

However, only after clearing the first step will you be eligible to go to the second step!

Swish~!

Qin Feng dodged and jumped into the air.

Bang~!

The next second, his feet landed on the second step.

Then, when he looked around, he saw that on the second step, there were 30,000 or 40,000 players meditating.

This is much less than the first-tier players!

The arrival of Qin Feng did not attract many people's attention.

Those players are comprehending their own rhyme

Only outside the assessment area, Mu Yan and the others have been silently observing Qin Feng.

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the second step, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds, please prepare for players]

【Countdown: 32】

The examination is about to begin!

Qin Feng still has no idea of ​​sitting cross-legged.

A few people around him glanced at him suspiciously and ignored him.

Om~!

Soon, a white beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng

In an instant, he was banned

Om~!

Soon, Tiandao sent another reminder

[The second floor test begins! Timing now:]