Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

As soon as the timing started, a majestic Dao rhyme, like a tide, poured into his sea of ​​consciousness.

Om~!

At that moment, Qin Feng's soul body was golden!

In an instant, his thoughts poured into those Dao rhymes, he began to contact Dao rhyme, and realized Dao rhyme

Boom~Long~Long~!

As soon as he came into contact with this, in his sea of ​​consciousness, scenes of flame illusions emerged, including candlelight fire, mountain forest fire, and magma fire...

It turns out that the innate Dao rhyme of this second level is the fire-type Dao rhyme.

This is naturally extremely easy for Qin Feng!

In just an instant, he entered a state of epiphany, greedily comprehending the rhythm of the fire element!

An extremely wonderful feeling bred in his heart and permeated his heart.

And with the improvement of his perception, his control of the fire law is also increasing.

At the same time, outside the assessment area.

Mu Yan and the others all stared at Qin Feng closely.

That Dendrobium was even more excited.

"Everyone, have you noticed? This time, the Heavenly Dao restriction, with a faint red light, is the Dao rhyme of the Fire Element! This kid's luck is coming to an end!"

Dendrobium's tone showed a hint of schadenfreude.

The faces of Mu Yan and the others also showed an indiscernible look of joy.

But before they can be happy, a mutation suddenly occurs!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body began to crack inch by inch.

"Huh! That is"

Mu Yan and the others opened their eyes wide!

Kacha~!

But without waiting for them to think about it, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body suddenly shattered.

Mu Yan and the others were dumbfounded, their mouths wide open!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the fire-element Dao rhyme on this floor, your control over the fire-element laws has deepened, and your combat power has increased by +35,000 stars]

Qin Feng laughed!

The perception of the second level is indeed a little more difficult, but the combat power obtained is also a little more improved.

At this time, Tiandao's prompt continued to come.

[Assessment reminder: You completed the second-level assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You pass the level in 2 seconds in the second step assessment, and you get the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Another 2 second pass!

4 more points!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

Om~!

At this time, his assessment token lit up, and the information in it was updated.

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessmentTh.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

【Pass the level】: Step 2

[Cumulative score]: 8 points

In just two hurdles, he got 8 points.

At this rate, he will soon be able to get the first 1 point and the first additional reward.

Thinking of this, Qin Feng happily put away the token.

At this time, he realized that the contestants around him were all looking at him in shock.

Qin Feng smiled and walked to the third step under the shocked and envious gazes of the contestants.

Chapter 742 Thirteen levels! Symbol of the strong!

At this time, Mu Yan and the others also calmed down.

Several people looked at Qin Feng's back and felt very uncomfortable.

That Dendrobium even swallowed a bit of saliva.

He felt as uncomfortable as eating a fly.

"It's really not here, this young man's second level is like this - he has passed it soon!"

Mu Yan's tone was sour.

Dendrobium sneered: "Haha! His second level is the fire element Dao Yun. It seems that this kid has also mastered the fire element law. However, he can't be so lucky all the time! I don't believe that he can still meet the third level. Here, the rhyme that fits with your own laws!"

Mu Yan nodded slightly: "That makes sense! No matter how lucky a person is, it's already very good to meet Dao Yun that fits two consecutive times. As for three consecutive encounters, that's not very likely!"

As soon as these words fell, several old men nodded.

Up to now, they still attribute Qin Feng's achievements to luck, that is, they are unwilling to admit that Qin Feng is better than them!

At the moment, the group stopped talking, and silently paid attention to Qin Feng.

They want to see how long Qin Feng's luck will last?

Soon, Qin Feng reached the third step.

There are even fewer players in the third step, less than ten thousand.

Almost no one paid attention to Qin Feng's arrival.

Everyone is trying their best to understand their own rhyme...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the third step, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds, please prepare for players]

【Countdown: 3…】

Soon, a reminder came from Tiandao.

Qin Feng still did not meditate.

However, no one around him cast a strange look!

Players who can reach the third level must be familiar with the rules and have their own set of methods.

Om~!

Soon, a white beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng, and the ban was added again...

[The third floor test begins! Time now: 0…]

As the prompt sounded, the monstrous power of Dao rhyme was like pouring into Qin Feng's sea of ​​​​knowledge...

His thoughts also poured into Dao Rhyme instantly, and he began to understand Dao Rhyme...

The next second, in his sea of ​​consciousness, scenes of loess, mountains, deserts and other illusions appeared.

This third pass is the earth element Dao Yun!

Qin Feng entered a state of epiphany in just a moment, enjoying the wonderful feeling again...

At the same time, outside the assessment area.

Mu Yan and the others have been staring at Qin Feng.

Seeing this scene, Mu Yan whispered: "This time the ban has its own yellow light, it's from the earth element!"

Dendrobium rejoiced: "It's not the wood type, it's also the fire type. It seems that this time, this kid's luck is over! I don't believe it, this kid also mastered the earth type laws?"

But just after these words fell, Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling yellow light, as well as waves of the power of the earth-based law!

At the third level, Dao Yun's perception difficulty has increased!

Qin Feng also had to activate the power of the earth law to cooperate with his perception.

Dendrobium is embarrassing again!

isn't it? !

This kid also mastered the power of the earth law?

Click~! Click~! Click~!

Before he could think about it, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body was cracked inch by inch...

Kacha~!

A crisp sound!

The mask is broken!

The ban was successfully cracked again!

Dendrobium was completely dumbfounded!

Mu Yan and the others opened their mouths even wider!

After a while, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes...

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the earth element Dao rhyme of this layer, your control over earth element laws has deepened, and your combat power has increased by +39,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the third step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You pass the level in 2 seconds in the third step assessment, and you get the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

It's still a 2 second pass!

Another 4 points!

Qin Feng is very satisfied!

At this time, the assessment token lit up, and the information in it was updated again...

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

【Pass the level】: Step 3

[Cumulative score]: 12 points

Qin Feng smiled, and in the surprised eyes of the surrounding players, he walked to the fourth step...

"That kid has passed the border again!"

Outside the assessment area, Mu Yan swallowed his saliva, looking a little depressed and envious!

Dendrobium was also unhappy: "Yeah! I didn't expect that he also mastered the laws of the earth element! I can only say that his luck is very good."

Mu Yan pondered for a while and said, "Even if he relied on the power of the law to quickly realize the rhythm of the Dao, he may have succeeded in breaking the ban in such a short period of time. This also shows that this kid's soul power is very strong and his understanding is not good. Weak!"

As soon as these words fell, the faces of several old guys showed strange expressions, and there were also contemplation in their eyes.

They also gradually began to admit that Qin Feng's soul power is indeed very strong.

However, Dendrobium still disagrees.

Nothing more, Qin Feng has been hitting him in the face, making him faceless in front of everyone.

He naturally didn't hope that Qin Feng's grades were good, and he always felt that Qin Feng had a lot of luck.

Once a person has a position, there is no right or wrong.

When you meet someone with the opposite position, no matter whether the other party is right or wrong, they will look at him unpleasantly.