Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Qin Feng also has a deep understanding of this point.

Just like when they were on the Blue Star, the white-skinned pigs and the long-skinned people had different positions. No matter what the long-skinned people did, the white-skinned people could pick out a bunch of faults and even deliberately slander them.

Immediately, Dendrobium said coldly, "Brother Mu Yan, what you said is right. This kid's soul power is indeed not bad, but his luck is better. I'm afraid I won't be able to pass the fourth level!"

"The difficulty of the fourth stage is more difficult than the third stage. This time, I don't believe that he can still be so lucky in the fourth stage, and he can still meet the rhyme that fits him!"

Mu Yan couldn't help but nod his head: "Yeah! It's been three times in a row, and for the fourth time, luck is a bit exaggerated!"

Even if he recognizes Qin Feng, Mu Yan is still reluctant to admit that Qin Feng is excellent.

He also expected that Qin Fengneng would be frustrated in the fourth pass.

"Look! That kid has reached the fourth floor!"

At this moment, Qin Feng went up the fourth ladder!

The eyes of Mu Yan and others fell on Qin Feng again.

This time, they all looked a little nervous.

If Qin Feng quickly breaks the level again, it will be a big blow to them!

Especially Dendrobium!

His whole body held his breath.

He waited for Qin Feng to be frustrated, and even kept praying that Qin Feng's luck would run out sooner!

Om~!

Soon, a white beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng...

The fourth floor test has officially started!

I saw the restriction that enveloped Qin Feng, faintly glowing with platinum light. This is clearly a golden Daoyun!

With this recognition, Dendrobium's eyes lit up!

"Brother Mu Yan! This time it's the Dao Yun of the Gold Element! The Gold Element is the nemesis of the Wood Element! If this kid has mastered the Law of the Wood Element, it is unlikely that he will master the Gold Element! It seems that his luck is finally over. what!"

The more Dendrobium said, the more excited it became.

Mu Yan also smiled: "It makes sense! Metal can overcome wood! For those who master the laws of wood, if they want to comprehend the laws of gold, the difficulty has increased more than ten times. So sad!"

As soon as these words fell, Dendrobium and several people all showed knowing smiles!

Om~!

But at this moment, a mutation occurred!

Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling platinum light!

The power of the laws of the golden system rises into the sky!

The smiles on Dendrobium's faces froze instantly!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

Before they could recover, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body began to crack every inch, and finally exploded!

Fourth pass!

Easy to get past again!

Qin Feng's combat power has quietly increased by 43,000 stars...

The token in his hand also lit up again, changing the content of the information...

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

【Pass the level】: Step 4

[Cumulative score]: 16 points

Another 4!

The time-consuming is still 2 seconds!

Qin Feng smiled with satisfaction, ignoring the shocked eyes around him, and walked to the fifth step...

Outside the assessment area, Mu Yan and the others regained their composure once again, and their faces were a little ugly!

This kid has too many rules!

Having said that, this comprehension test is very beneficial for players who have mastered many laws!

The boy in front of him is one of them.

Thinking of this, everyone is a little jealous!

"Damn it! He broke through with ease!"

Dendrobium murmured unwillingly, feeling a little mad in his heart.

Mu Yan sighed: "Hey! He has passed four levels in a row! Even if it's luck, this kid is very good!"

As soon as these words fell, the expressions of the rest of the people became more complicated.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Even breaking through the four levels, few of them could not do it.

And the boy in front of him could do it.

Whether they want to admit Qin Fengqiang or not now, it's hard to say.

Even the stubborn Dendrobium was so guilty that he felt that he couldn't do it.

But he was still stubborn, where he sneered.

"Haha! Going through four levels in a row is indeed a good result, but it can only be regarded as an upper-middle level, and it can also be compared with a few of us. To say that he is excellent, it is still very early!"

"A player who can be called an excellent player is a powerhouse who has even broken through thirteen levels. Such powerhouses are one-of-a-kind. Do you think this kid deserves it?"

Dendrobium yin and yang muttered strangely.

Hearing this, Mu Yan and the others looked at each other.

They all respected the existence of thirteen levels in a row.

To say that Qin Feng is also such a strong man, these people are a little reluctant to accept it.

After all, Qin Feng is too young!

To be able to achieve such achievements at such a young age, isn't it that they are too **** to set off!

If you think about it, who would accept it?

Thinking of this, Mu Yan took a deep breath: "Brother Dendrobium, how many levels do you think this kid can pass?"

Dendrobium smiled lightly: "If you want Shi to look at it, it will look like the sixth or seventh pass! He has encountered a Taoist rhyme that fits him four times in a row, and he should not encounter it again in the future. Good luck cannot last forever. !"

Mu Yan nodded slightly: "It should be like this! The old man doesn't believe it, he will master all the power of the thirteenth law. In the first thirteen levels, he will always have a level, and he will encounter a rhyme that does not fit his own! "

There are thirteen basic laws in this world.

If you can master the thirteen kinds, you will master all the basic laws.

But such people hardly exist!

Don't say that Mu Yan hasn't seen it, even if there are all the players in the field, no one has seen it!

In the first thirteen levels of the comprehension test, the thirteen laws and rhymes will be tested in turn.

Therefore, no matter who comes to pass the level, among the thirteen levels, there will always be a Dao rhyme that does not fit him.

In other words, those players who can still pass the thirteen levels regardless of whether they fit or not are recognized as strong players!

Just when Mu Yan and the others were muttering, Qin Feng had already stepped on the fifth floor... Xi.

Chapter 743: Five Elements and Two Instruments! Four poles and four elephants!

"Brother Mu Yan, that kid has reached the fifth floor!"

Dendrobium immediately saw Qin Feng's movement.

After his reminder, Mu Yan and the others looked at Qin Feng again, and their expressions were a little tense!

I wonder if this kid's luck will end this time? !

Qin Feng broke through four levels in a row, and they were hit hard!

If Qin Feng's luck doesn't end, it will be so depressing!

Hope this time, Qin Feng can be frustrated!

Dendrobium and the others thought expectantly, praying secretly in their hearts.

Om~!

Soon, a white beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng!

The fifth floor test is officially opened!

Dendrobium and several people held their breath and opened their eyes wide!

In the next second, the restraint on Qin Feng's body lit up with a mysterious black light.

That is the rhyme of the water system!

Fire and water fight each other!

This kid has mastered the law of fire, so it is unlikely that he will master the law of water.

Then this time, this kid should be frustrated!

Dendrobium and several people came up with this idea at the same time

Om~!

But just after that thought came, Qin Feng's body lit up with a mysterious light!

The power of water law!

Outburst!

Several people from Dendrobium were hit again!

Extremely depressing!

They did not expect that Qin Feng had mastered the laws of the water system!

Click ~ click ~ click ~!

Soon, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body cracked and shattered suddenly!

The fifth level!

Another easy pass!

It also only took 2 seconds!

4 more points!

In the next second, Qin Feng's combat power increased by 47,000 stars.

The points in the token have been updated to 20 points!

Qin Feng happily put away the token and continued to pass the level...

It didn't take long for him to go to the sixth floor.

Dendrobium and others are paying attention again...

They were still praying, Qin Feng quickly exhausted his luck, and encountered a Dao Yun that did not fit...

You must know that Qin Feng has encountered the five elements of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

The sixth type of Dao rhyme should be beyond the scope of the five elements and belong to one of the four image Dao rhymes.

The four signs are light, darkness, wind, and thunder.

There are far fewer people who master the Law of the Four Signs than those who master the Law of the Five Elements!

Mu Yan and the others were expecting in their hearts that Qin Feng would suffer in the four elephants and Taoism.

Especially Dendrobium, he looked very anxious!