Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Before, he said in front of several people that Qin Feng would be able to pass six or seven levels.

In just a while, Qin Feng reached the sixth level!

He was naturally more anxious!

"Brother Dendrobium, it's the sixth level! I didn't expect that this kid has all the laws of the five elements, and he also masters the laws of the four signs, right?"

At this moment, Mu Yan couldn't help sighing.

Players who can complete the five elements are rare!

Just like Mu Yan, he only mastered the laws of the wood and water elements.

At this thought, Mu Yan envied and admired Qin Feng.

Dendrobium swallowed a bit of saliva to hide the anxiety in his heart.

Afterwards, he still said stubbornly: "Brother, the Law of Four Elephants is much harder to master than the Law of Five Elements! How could this kid have such a comprehension and mastery of so many laws? It would be good for him to have all the five elements,"

Mu Yan nodded slightly, feeling the same.

The rest of the people are also looking forward to it!

They all hoped that Qin Feng could not master the law of four elephants!

Om~!

At this moment, the beam of light will fall on Qin Feng...

The sixth floor test is officially opened!

Dendrobium several people watched nervously!

In the next second, the forbidden mask lit up with a light blue aura!

The sixth level - the wind is the rhyme!

Om~!

But in the next second, Qin Feng also lit up with a light blue light!

The power of wind law!

Outburst!

Boom~!

Dendrobium and several people were shocked physically and mentally, and they were hit again!

After a while, Qin Feng successfully broke the ban and scored another 4 points!

Soon, he went to the seventh floor...

In this way, Qin Feng broke through the levels layer by layer!

10 seconds later!

He passed the seventh floor!

The perception process only took 2 seconds!

Mu Yan and several people were stunned!

Dendrobium has lost all face, and was slapped in the face again!

20 seconds later!

Qin Feng crossed the eighth floor!

The power of the dark law is revealed!

Mu Yan and several people were shocked to see it!

Dendrobium was silent!

30 seconds later!

Qin Feng crossed the ninth floor!

The power of the law of light is revealed!

At this point, his light, darkness, wind, and thunder, the power of the law of the four signs, have all been displayed.

Mu Yan and the others were completely shocked!

Dendrobium is also moved!

40 seconds later!

Qin Feng passed the tenth floor!

The power of the law of blood is revealed!

The eyes of Mu Yan and the others looking at Qin Feng have changed a lot.

Even Dendrobium was completely silent.

50 seconds later!

Qin Feng passed the eleventh floor!

The power of the law of the soul is revealed!

Mu Yan and the others looked at Qin Feng with respect.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Dendrobium also smiled bitterly in his heart, secretly thinking that he was stupid.

This young man is really strong!

He actually mastered eleven laws, and he was jealous of such a strong man before, he was really fascinated!

60 seconds later!

Qin Feng crossed the twelfth floor!

The power of the law of strength is revealed!

Mu Yan and the others looked at Qin Feng with respect.

Even Dendrobium showed admiration!

At this moment, Qin Feng is walking towards the thirteenth floor...

He is in a very good mood now!

In the first twelve levels, it only took him 2 seconds to break the level!

This allowed him to set a record in every level, scoring 4 points.

Now, his points accumulated to 48 points.

In addition, at the twelfth level, the combat power of passing the level has increased, and it has also reached 73,000 stars!

This makes him very satisfied!

Next, he is going to pass the thirteenth level!

It is rumored that those who can pass the first thirteen levels are the strongest among the demigod players!

Qin Feng is also full of confidence in himself!

Thinking of this, he quickened his pace and walked to the thirteenth floor

At the same time, outside the assessment area.

Mu Yan looked at Qin Feng's back and sighed.

At this moment, their jealousy towards Qin Feng has vanished, and some only have respect.

"Brother Mu Yan, this young man is really strong! He not only mastered the Law of the Five Elements, but also the Law of the Four Signs, and now he has also mastered the Law of the Four Poles! It's really amazing!"

Dendrobium's tone revealed admiration.

The original thirteen basic principles are the five elements, the four signs, and the four poles.

Five Elements: Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth.

Four signs: light, darkness, wind, and thunder.

Four poles: strength, blood, soul, escape.

The law of power is derived from the power index.

The bloodline rule is derived from the body mass index.

The Law of Soul Dao is derived from the energy index.

The law of escape is derived from the agility index.

At this time, Mu Yan also sighed: "Yeah! No matter what the soul power of this young man is, just from the fact that he has mastered the power of twelve basic laws, it is already daunting!"

As soon as these words fell, Dendrobium and several people nodded slightly, in recognition of it!

For this alone, they admire Qin Feng extremely!

Afterwards, Dendrobium said again: "Brother, if this young man even masters the law of escape, then he has the four poles, four images, and five elements, which is rare in the world!"

Mu Yan nodded again and again: "That is indeed rare in the world, even unheard of! However, among the four-pole law, the law of escape is the most difficult to understand. Whether this young man has mastered it is hard to say."

Dendrobium nodded slightly: "That's right! However, if he masters the law of escape, he will be the second person in this temple who masters the thirteen laws, and can be compared with the young master of Capricorn."

Mu Yan was stunned for a moment: "Compared with Young Master Capricorn? That Young Master Capricorn is the Young Master of the Capricorn Star Region, and the top three star-level enchanting geniuses in the Star Region Alliance! Rumor has it that he is stronger than Young Master Yexi of Bright God Domain. Much more!"

"And this young man has mastered twelve laws. I'm afraid he can't compare with the young master of Capricorn, right?"

"Besides, the young master Capricorn has already reached the 372nd floor! This young talent has passed the 12th floor, and the gap is too big."

As soon as the voice fell, Mu Yan looked up at the top of the stairs.

I saw that above the 70th floor of the stairs, there were almost no figures, only a few solitary figures.

After reaching the first floor, the players are no longer visible.

On the 372nd floor, an arrogant figure appeared, sitting cross-legged, silently comprehending Dao Yun.

That arrogant figure is a man in a green robe. If you don't look closely, I'm afraid no one will find him.

That man in green robe is the young master of Capricorn that Mu Yan spoke of!

The young master of Capricorn has been through the barrier for a day and a night.

Now, he has reached the 372nd floor!

His record was known to those who created the Temple of Fortune, and all the players regarded him as a god-like existence!

Mu Yan and others watched the examination room for a long time, and naturally they knew the existence of the young master of Capricorn.

Only Qin Feng didn't notice that there was a player on the 372nd floor!

Having said that, Young Master Capricorn shocked everyone by showing the thirteen laws at the beginning!

The thirteen laws it shows are the five elements, the four signs, and the blood and soul path in the four poles!

Then there is the law of two instruments: time and space!

It turns out that there are fifteen basic laws in the world.

Categorized as: two instruments, four poles, four images, and five elements.

Qin Feng has mastered all these fifteen basic laws!

The Capricorn Young Master has mastered thirteen kinds, which is extremely powerful.

At this time, Dendrobium said again: "I also think that the young man is afraid that he can't compare with the young master of Capricorn. However, if he really masters the thirteen laws. In terms of the number of laws, he will not be under the young master of Capricorn. ."

Mu Yan nodded: "That's right! If he also mastered the thirteen laws, he would be able to compare with the young master of Capricorn. If this time, it would be interesting to see two demon-level geniuses compete."

Dendrobium also took a deep breath: "Yeah! This time, I expect that this young man can master the 'law of escape', then there will be a good show!"

Mu Yan nodded: "Yes! However, the escape path is the most difficult to awaken among the four poles, and even the young master of Capricorn has not mastered it. It is hard to say whether this young man has mastered it!"

Hearing this, Dendrobium was also a little worried: "Yeah! Just wait and see his performance! Whether he has mastered the law of escape, we will know soon!"

As soon as the words fell, Mu Yan and the others looked at Qin Feng.

At this moment, their expressions were all looking forward, and even a little nervous.

Unknowingly, they actually hoped that Qin Feng could master the 'law of escape'.