Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In that way, Qin Feng has hope to compare with the young master of Capricorn.

In this way, they can also be considered to witness the birth of a star-level genius!

After knowing that they are far inferior to Qin Feng, the mentality of these old guys has completely changed.

At this moment, Qin Feng stepped onto the thirteenth floor

Chapter 744 The difficulty is doubled! Powerful!

As soon as he stepped on the thirteenth floor, Qin Feng looked around.

I saw that there were less than a thousand players on the stairs, all of them closing their eyes and meditating, fully comprehending the rhythm of Dao.

No one paid attention to Qin Feng's arrival, not even one who raised his eyelids.

Everyone is taking all the time to comprehend Dao Yun with all their strength.

The higher you go, the more difficult it will be to comprehend, the more precious time will be, and the more tense the atmosphere will be!

Qin Feng also felt that the more he went up, the more difficult it would be to comprehend.

He wanted to break the level in 2 seconds, and it was already a little difficult.

At this moment, Tiandao sent a reminder...

[Reminder: Player Qin Feng has stepped into the thirteenth step, and the comprehension test will be started automatically after 3 seconds, please prepare for the contestant]

【Countdown: 321】

Soon, a white beam of light fell from the sky and landed on Qin Feng. The ban was added again, and a milky white aura appeared!

That is the radiance of Escape Dao Yun!

[The thirteenth floor test begins! Timing now:]

Timing begins!

The monstrous power of Dao rhyme, like a tide, madly poured into Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge

Boom~!

Qin Feng's thoughts flooded into Daoyun in an instant, and began to understand Daoyun...

At this moment, in his sea of ​​consciousness, flashes of light and shadows appeared, as well as various illusions of flying rainbow lights...

In the next second, Qin Feng entered a state of epiphany, greedily comprehending the rhythm of escape!

That extremely wonderful feeling once again breeds in his heart...

At the same time, outside the assessment area.

Dendrobium and several people stared at Qin Feng nervously, with a hint of hope in their eyes.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

They hope Qin Feng can create another miracle!

Om~!

Soon, Qin Feng's body lit up with a dazzling milky white aura!

The fluctuations of the power of the law of escape radiated from him!

Boom~!

Seeing this scene, Dendrobium and others' eyes lit up, and they all showed surprises.

"Escape! That is the law of escape! Brother Mu Yan, this young man really mastered the law of escape!"

At this moment, Dendrobium's tone was a little excited.

Mu Yan sighed: "Yeah! So, like the young master Capricorn, this young man has mastered thirteen basic laws! This is too amazing!"

Dendrobium happily said: "Brother, maybe we have to witness the birth of a peerless genius!"

As soon as these words fell, Mu Yan and the others showed a knowing smile.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body cracked inch by inch, and finally burst into pieces!

The players all around sensed it immediately, their eyes widened in astonishment, and they looked at Qin Feng in astonishment!

Although they didn't pay attention to Qin Feng before, they sensed when Qin Feng came.

But this young man has succeeded in breaking through after a while, which is too exaggerated!

At this moment, Qin Feng opened his eyes with joy.

Breakthrough again!

It's still 2 seconds to break the level!

4 more points!

This time, however, he almost went over 2 seconds.

The difficulty of perception is increasing little by little!

Qin Feng sighed in his heart, and walked to the fourteenth floor under the shocked eyes of the players...

At the same time, outside the assessment area.

Dendrobium and several people looked at Qin Feng's back with excitement.

"Brother Mu Yan, this young man has as many laws as Young Master Capricornus. Do you think he can match the results of Young Master Capricornus?"

Dendrobium murmured curiously.

Mu Yan took a deep breath: "It's hard to say! That young master Capricornus is the son of a domain master, and his background resources are extremely deep. This young man is not like a son of a big power."

Dendrobium nodded slightly: "That's right! This young man came in alone, unlike Young Master Capricorn, who is accompanied by so many subordinates."

Speaking of which, Dendrobium couldn't help but look to another part of the square.

There were more than a dozen people there, all wearing golden uniforms and robes.

At this moment, they are all looking at the young master Capricorn from a distance, and their expressions are very concerned.

Those dozen or so people are the subordinates of the young master Capricorn.

However, the realm of the dozen or so people is the demigod realm!

In this comprehension assessment area, only players in the demigod realm can enter.

At this time, Mu Yan said again: "Actually, this young man doesn't need to match the achievements of Young Master Capricornus. As long as he has a quarter of Young Master Capricornus's results, he will be considered a peerless genius!"

As soon as these words fell, Dendrobium and several people nodded, and they all agreed.

Dendrobium nodded: "Yeah! He can have a quarter of the results of the Capricorn Young Master, which is very good. I just don't know, can he do it?"

Mu Yan also nodded slightly: "Let's continue watching! By the way, Brother Shi, I think this young man can pass the level very quickly. I wonder how fast the young master Capricorn can pass the level?"

Dendrobium smiled bitterly and shook his head: "I don't know! When I came in, the young master of Capricorn had already reached level 237. I didn't see how he performed in the early stage!"

Mu Yan nodded slightly and didn't ask any more questions.

He came in later than Dendrobium, and naturally he hadn't seen the performance of the young master Capricorn.

Not only him, but also the people around them.

However, out of awe for the children of the great forces, these people subconsciously believed that the performance of the young master of Capricorn must be better than that of Qin Feng.

They were even worried that Qin Feng's grades would not reach a quarter of that of Young Master Capricornus.

They didn't know that it took more than ten seconds for Young Master Capricorn to break through the first thirteen levels, which was much worse than Qin Feng's.

What's more, Qin Feng has not used his trump card yet, and has not gone all out.

In fact, this is human habitual thinking.

These people always feel that the children of the big forces should be stronger than those born at the bottom.

At the moment, Mu Yan and the others stopped talking, and continued to pay attention to Qin Feng's assessment...

In fact, in the whole square, only Mu Yan and several others have been silently watching Qin Feng.

The rest of the people didn't pay attention to Qin Feng!

After all, the assessment ladders are all extremely huge, and there are thousands of players who enter.

Who would have noticed that a player entered in a corner and then made it through.

On the contrary, the attention of most people in the square is silently on the young master of Capricorn.

The subordinates of the Capricorn Young Master never took their attention away from the Capricorn Young Master for a moment.

They won't even notice Qin Feng!

At this moment, Qin Feng has climbed the fourteenth step...

Soon, a white beam of light descended from the sky and landed on him, and the ban on Dao Yun quickly added...

At the same moment, scenes of illusions appeared in Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge...

In that illusion, he saw that a seed took root and sprout in the soil, then broke out of the soil, then grew strong, and then became a towering giant tree, and finally the leaves fell and became dead wood...

From life to death!

He saw the life of a tree!

At that moment, Qin Feng had a kind of enlightenment in his heart, and he couldn't help but enter a state of epiphany.

That wonderful feeling began to grow in his heart, making him feel happy...

This time, Qin Feng found out that the fourteenth level is the wooden Dao Yun.

However, this wooden Dao rhyme is mixed with the meaning of the law of life, which is several times more difficult than the wooden Dao rhyme of the first level, and the benefits will be even greater...

In this way, Qin Feng enjoys that wonderful epiphany and greedily comprehends the power of the new Dao rhyme...

I don't know how long it took, but he finally understood that Dao rhyme, and the restraint on his body also cracked and shattered...

At this time, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes

In his sea of ​​knowledge, there was also a reminder of the Tao of Heaven.

[Assessment reminder: Congratulations on comprehending the wood-based Dao rhyme on this floor, your control over the wood-based laws is deepened, and your combat power is +100,000 stars….]

what! An increase of 100,000 star combat power!

This is obviously stronger than the previous thirteen levels!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was quite surprised.

At this time, Tiandao continued to send reminders

[Assessment reminder: You completed the first step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 5 seconds in the 14th step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu point]

Still the first ever!

Got 4 points!

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

However, he also noticed a problem.

That is the fourteenth level, it took him 5 seconds to clear it!

In the first thirteen levels, he spent all 2 seconds!

It can be seen that the difficulty of the fourteenth level has more than doubled!

In the first thirteen levels, although the difficulty is also increasing one by one, the increase is not large.

But at the fourteenth level, the difficulty has more than doubled.

I don't know how much the difficulty of the fifteenth floor will increase?

This thought, Qin Feng suddenly felt bad!

Immediately, he accelerated his speed and walked towards the fifteenth level...

It didn't take long for him to complete the 717th level test.

The fifteenth pass, fire is the Dao rhyme.