Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

He wasted time, it really was 5 seconds!

Next, he went to test the sixteenth and seventeenth levels...

In a blink of an eye, he finished the twenty-sixth level, all in 5 seconds.

At this time, Qin Feng had a kind of enlightenment in his heart.

It turns out that this comprehension test, every thirteen levels is a cycle.

The rhythm of the thirteen passes follows the order of wood, fire, earth, metal, water, wind, thunder, darkness, light, blood, power, soul, and escape.

After completing one cycle, the second cycle is still in the same order, but the difficulty has more than doubled abruptly.

Of course, when the difficulty is doubled, the benefits also increase.

For example, after Qin Feng passed the 26th level, his combat power increased by 170,000 stars, much more than the previous thirteen levels.

However, Qin Feng began to worry a little.

He went through two loops, and the time was extended to 5 seconds.

According to such difficulty, can he really reach level 999?

Of course, this depends on the third cycle, will the time double again?

Thinking of this, Qin Feng took a deep breath and walked to the twenty-seventh level...

That's the start of the third cycle!

It didn't take long for Qin Feng to complete the twenty-seventh level test, which took 13 seconds!

The time has more than doubled!

However, he still won the first place in history!

Next, Qin Feng continued to test...Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

From level 27 to level 39, he got 4 points in all, and the time spent varied from 13 seconds to 15 seconds.

This scene made Mu Yan and others stunned!

In their eyes, Qin Feng's breakthrough is just like breaking the bamboo, it is too powerful!

In addition, a few bystanders began to notice Qin Feng.

In the blink of an eye, Qin Feng entered the fourth cycle, the fortieth floor, and it took him 35 seconds to clear the level!

This made Qin Feng's heart skip a beat!

According to such an increase, when he enters the fifth cycle, the time will exceed 1 minute, so he will not get 3 times the reward!

This will affect him, and he plans to win the top ten ranking plan of Daozi.

Looks like he has to figure something out.

Chapter 745 Ninth Grade Soul Power! Quasi-God King Realm!

At this moment, Qin Feng was standing on the fortieth floor with a contemplative expression.

He is confident that every level will be able to win the first additional points in history, but he cannot guarantee that every level can be passed within 1 minute.

If he can't pass within a minute, he can't get 3 points!

"It seems that in the fifth cycle, I'm going to use the blessing of luck! It's just the fifth cycle, so I'm going to use the luck. What about the next nine hundred or so passes?"

Qin Feng muttered in his heart, and frowned slightly.

"Hey! By the way! I almost forgot about that!"

Suddenly, Qin Feng's eyes lit up, as if he remembered something, he quickly took out the assessment token

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

【Pass the level】: Step 40

[Cumulative score]: 160 points

[Assessment Rewards]: You have obtained an extra reward of 1 full point for the first time (to be claimed)

Qin Feng was surprised!

Sure enough!

1 point, you can get an extra reward!

He hasn't received it yet!

I wonder if this extra reward will bring benefits to his next assessment?

With this in mind, Qin Feng will take it and give it a try!

At this moment, he sensed a lot of strange eyes around him, looking at himself.

Qin Feng couldn't help looking up and saw that there were more than a dozen players around, looking at himself in shock.

Obviously, he broke through to the fortieth floor, and it only took 35 seconds to break through the level successfully, completely shocking these people!

It took them over half an hour to break into the fortieth floor, and no one could break through!

This young man succeeded in breaking through in about half a minute, which is too exaggerated!

Having said that, the total number of players on the 40th floor has only exceeded 100!

Those who can break through this level are all super powerhouses out of ten thousand. All of them are arrogant and seldom admire other people.

But at this moment, the dozen or so players were completely shocked by Qin Feng.

They were all stunned on the spot, staring straight at Qin Feng, with disbelief in their eyes!

As for the other hundred or so players, they are a little far away from Qin Feng, and they are not aware of Qin Feng's breakthrough, so they are not disturbed.

Qin Feng glanced at the dozen or so players lightly.

The dozen or so strong men suddenly came to their senses and looked at Qin Feng in awe.

Some didn't even dare to look at Qin Feng again, quietly avoided Qin Feng's gaze, closed their eyes again, and continued to perceive their own rhythm.

In this world where strength is respected, the strong will always be respected by others!

Qin Feng ignored it.

He also closed his eyes, immersed himself in the token, and began to receive the extra reward

[Assessment reminder: You are receiving your first additional reward]

【Received successfully! Congratulations, you have won the 'Ninth Grade Soul Power' reward! 】

Boom~Long~Long~!

As the prompt sounded, the sky shook!

An extremely dazzling silver beam of light descended from the sky and landed on top of Qin Feng's head.

The next second, a majestic soul power, like a tide, poured into Qin Feng's sea of ​​consciousness and into his soul body

Immediately afterwards, those foreign soul powers were automatically turned into part of Qin Feng's soul power.

It feels so comfortable!

And his soul strength has also increased.

[Reminder: Congratulations on absorbing the ‘Nine-Rank Soul Power’, your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has increased by +30,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your soul body strength has increased to 1% of the limit of the main god, which has reached the advanced requirements, and now begins to advance]

【Advanced success! Congratulations, your soul strength has been promoted to 32% of the quasi-god king, your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has been enhanced by +10,000 stars]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's spirit power and battle power momentum have skyrocketed wildly along the way!

The dozen or so players were once again shocked!

One by one, they looked at the reward beam in shock!

Not only a dozen of them, but the entire 40th floor players were shocked, and they all looked at the reward beam of light in shock!

Is that an extra bonus? !

No way!

Additional rewards!

That is to reach 1 point to get it!

This is only the fortieth level, this young man has reached 1 point?

At this thought, the powerhouses were even more shocked!

If they want to get to the 40th level, most of them only have 39 points. As long as a few people can achieve more than 39 points, they will never exceed 50 points!

These people don't know that Qin Feng has not only 1 point, but 160 points!

If they knew the truth, they would definitely drop their jaws!

It won't be long before the rewards end!

Qin Feng also slowly opened his eyes, and his eyes were full of joy!

This time the reward!

It's so powerful!

The content of the reward is exactly the soul power he needs!

That made his soul strength, from the original limit of 99.99% of the main god, to break through to 31% of the quasi-god king in one fell swoop.

From the limit breakthrough of the main **** to the quasi-god king!

That's a qualitative leap!

That would be of great help to his next assessment.

In addition, his combat power has also skyrocketed by 130,000 stars!

This made his basic combat power reach 1.993 billion stars in one fell swoop, getting closer and closer to the threshold of 2 billion stars.

The rewards are over!

Qin Feng retracted his thoughts with satisfaction.

At this time, Tiandao sent another reminder.

[Assessment reminder: The extra rewards will be gradually strengthened, and the extra rewards the players will get the second time will be more generous]

what!

It turns out that the extra rewards are getting richer and richer!

Qin Feng's eyes lit up and he was even more surprised.

He now has 160 points, and with a little effort, he can reach 2 points, and then he can get the second extra reward!

Thinking of this, Qin Feng couldn't wait in his heart.

Immediately, he put away the assessment token.

At this time, he realized that everyone around him was looking at him with shocking expressions!

The atmosphere in the field has become very quiet!

Even the sound of breathing is inaudible!

Qin Feng instantly understood what was going on, but ignored it and walked straight to the forty-first floor

Now, in addition to wanting to get the second extra reward, he also wants to test it, breaking through the soul power to the quasi-god queen, and feeling the effect of Dao Yun!

Soon, Qin Feng's figure disappeared on the fortieth floor!

Only then did those players relax!

One by one, they looked at the direction in which Qin Feng disappeared, sighing endlessly.

"I'm not dazzled?! That person just got an extra reward? 〃"!"

"You don't have dazzling eyes! That silver beam of light just now is a sign of an extra reward!"