Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"But this is only the fortieth level! That person will get 1 point! This is too exaggerated!"

"Yeah! It's too exaggerated!"

"Everyone, if I remember correctly, Young Master Capricorn was only rewarded at the 50th level! Could this person be stronger than Young Master Capricorn?!"

As soon as these words fell, the strong men seemed to think of something, and they all looked at the direction where Qin Feng disappeared.

The atmosphere in the field fell into silence again!

At the same time, Qin Feng has reached the forty-first floor!

The number of people on the 41st floor is even smaller. Looking around, there are only seventy people!

For Qin Feng's arrival, no one pays attention!

Qin Feng ignored those people and waited for the test to start.

It didn't take long for a beam of light to fall from the sky and land on him, and Dao Yun's prohibition was instantly added.

Om~!

[The forty-first floor test begins! Timing now:]

Soon, the test begins!

The monstrous power of Dao rhyme, like a tide, poured into Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge

In the next second, an illusion of a scorching sun appeared in his mind!

He saw that in the scorching sun, flames erupted, like a nuclear explosion

This level is the Dao Rhyme of the Fire Element, which is extremely profound!

In the Dao Rhyme of the Fire Element, it is mixed with the meaning of extreme yang and longevity, and it is mixed with the meaning of destruction.

And whether it is the law of extreme sun or the law of destruction, Qin Feng also has mastered it!

In just an instant, he entered a state of epiphany, began to appreciate the powerful power of Dao rhyme, and enjoyed that wonderful feeling

The players on the 41st floor, no one paid any attention to Qin Feng, everyone was nervously comprehending their own rhythm.

Just after Qin Feng came in, he just stood there still and didn't meditate, which made the surrounding players feel weird!

However, they are too lazy to open their eyes to see!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

But it didn't take long for Qin Feng to hear the sound of cracking the mask!

A white-haired old man closest to Qin Feng was suddenly alarmed.

His eyelids twitched, and he slowly opened his eyes and looked at Qin Feng!

But when he saw it, his eyes widened!

I saw that the forbidden mask on Qin Feng's body was actually covered with cracks!

Kacha~!

Before the old man could think about it, the mask on Qin Feng's body suddenly shattered.

At the same time, Qin Feng's sea of ​​knowledge also received a reminder from the Tao of Heaven.

[Assessment reminder: congratulations on your understanding of the fire element Dao rhyme on this floor, your control over the fire element law is deepened, and the combat power is +310,000 stars]

[Assessment reminder: You completed the first step assessment within one minute, congratulations on getting 3 Shenwu points]

[Assessment reminder: You passed the level in 21 seconds in the 14th step assessment and got the best result in the history of this hall, so you will be rewarded with 1 Shenwu points]

Qin Feng was surprised!

The effect is very obvious!

It took him 35 seconds to clear the last level!

This level, he actually only took 21 seconds to clear the level.

From this, it can be seen that the influence of soul power strength on perception is really too great.

Om~!

At this time, the token in his hand lit up, and the information in it was updated.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

【Assessment item】: Comprehension assessment

[Pass the level]: Step 41

[Cumulative score]: 164 points

[Assessment Rewards]: Accumulated 1 time

Qin Feng showed a satisfied smile.

With 36 points to go, he will be rewarded again.

If you get another soul power reward, will the test time be shortened? !

Thinking of this, Qin Feng strode to the 42nd floor

He wants to speed up and get the second reward!

Qin Feng did not realize that the white-haired old man behind him had been staring at his back in shock, his mouth wide open.

Until Qin Feng disappeared on the forty-first floor, the white-haired old man's mouth hadn't closed.

In this way, Qin Feng rushed through level after level.

In a blink of an eye, he reached the 50th level, and the points in his hand reached 196 points!

As long as he passes the 50th level, he can get the second reward

Chapter 746 Break through the level! Reward again!

At this moment, Qin Feng is standing on the stairs of the fiftieth floor.

He looked around and saw that there were thirty-seven players on the entire floor, all of them closing their eyes and comprehending.

I saw these players, some frowning, some grimacing, and some sweating on their foreheads.

Obviously, their process of comprehending Dao Yun was not smooth.

Qin Feng smiled slightly without paying too much attention.

"When I pass this level, I will get the second reward! I don't know what the second reward will be?"

Qin Feng murmured in his heart and couldn't help looking up at the sky, looking forward to the early start of the assessment.

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, a cracking sound came from his left side.

He hurriedly followed the sound and saw that ten feet away, the forbidden mask on an old man in black robes was covered with cracks!

That old man is about to break the ban successfully!

This is the first time Qin Feng has seen that there are players who want to break the ban successfully!

Click~! Ka~! Ka~!

The cracking sound became louder and louder, and more and more players were alerted.

Many players opened their eyes from the meditation and looked at the black-robed old man with envy.

Why! 37 players!

Someone finally broke through!

As a result, there will be one less person on the 50th floor.

wrong!

The young man with yellow skin and black hair seemed to have just arrived.

He hasn't started the test yet!

At this level, there will still be 37 people!

Many people glanced at Qin Feng.

However, their eyes quickly moved away and fell on the black-robed old man again.

They are not very interested in Qin Feng, a newcomer.

Qin Feng is young at first glance.

And the strength of the soul power of young people is weak in the same rank, and it is true.

In their opinion, Qin Feng is the type of person who is most likely to be eliminated.

Such a candidate, what is there to pay attention to!

On the contrary, the black-robed old 833 man is about to break through!

This is really admirable!

Kacha~!

At this moment, there was a crisp sound!

The old ancestor's prohibition was shattered!

Everyone's eyes became more envious.

The next second, the black-robed ancestor slowly opened his eyes and raised his head with joy.

"Haha!! Break the level! The old man has broken the level!"

The black-robed old man laughed happily.

It took him 53 minutes to realize success!

How could this not make him excited!

The old man's laughter immediately startled everyone.

When those people saw this scene, some envied, admired, and envied.

To be able to reach the fiftyth level, each of them is a super strong one out of a hundred thousand, and they have arrogance in their hearts.

But among these people, less than one-tenth of them are sure to reach the next level.

Thinking of this, many people looked at the black-robed old man with admiration.

"Brother, I admire your savvy! Congratulations! Congratulations!"

At this time, someone couldn't help but flatter.

"My friend has won the prize! This old man is just a fluke!"

The black-robed old man smiled and couldn't hide the smug look in his eyes.

"Brother, don't be humble! You can pass this level, it shows that your understanding is among the best among us, and you have to admire it!"

Several players sincerely admired it.

"Where! Where! The old man is really just luck!"

The black-robed old man became even more proud.

Smiling, he stood up.

It was at this moment that he saw Qin Feng with a look of surprise in his eyes.

He did not expect that such a young player would be able to break into the fiftieth floor.

It seemed that this young man had just stepped into the fiftieth floor.

However, a young man is a young man. When he broke in, he just stood there in a daze, not knowing how to hurry up and meditate.

Thinking of this, the black-robed old man said to Qin Feng: "Little friend, what are you still doing? Don't hurry up and meditate. It is easier to enter the state of epiphany when you are in the state of meditation! Hurry up and meditate. !"

The tone of the black-robed old man was a little high, as if the elders were pointing the younger ones.

He had just succeeded in breaking through, and he was unavoidably complacent. When he saw the young man, he wanted to give some pointers.

Qin Feng was stunned for a moment, a little speechless.