Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

He doesn't understand that it is easier to have an epiphany by meditating?

It's just that with his strength, he doesn't need to do that at all.

This old man is a little bit wide!

Of course, it was mainly the tone of the old man that made him a little disliked.

At the moment, he smiled slightly: "You don't need to say it, I also know that meditating is easier to get an epiphany! However, I am used to standing!"

The old man was slightly taken aback.

He didn't expect that Qin Feng would directly reject his good intentions, still under the watchful eyes of the public.

This makes him somewhat faceless!

You know, he was still complacent in the last second, and several players were still flattering him.

However, this stunned young man, he is kind to him, don't take it seriously, it's really true

At this moment, not only the black-robed old man felt embarrassed.

The surrounding players also looked at Qin Feng with surprise.

They also think Qin Feng is weird!

The old man's tone, although somewhat arrogant, had a good starting point.

This young man seems to be very contradictory, and even in order not to give face to the old man, he actually said that he is used to standing, which is nonsense!

"Little friend, you..."

The old man spoke again.

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, the sky shook, and a beam of light descended from the sky and landed on Qin Feng's body

The assessment of Qin Feng's 50th level has begun.

He closed his eyes involuntarily and began to feel

The 50th level is the power Dao rhyme in the fourth cycle, which is not too difficult!

Qin Feng was not in the mood to pay attention to the old man.

Seeing this, the old man couldn't help but shut his mouth.

Since Qin Feng is about to realize it, he can't bother to disturb him.

But in the next second, everyone found that Qin Feng had really been standing there, without the slightest thought of sitting cross-legged.

Seeing this scene, the old man couldn't help frowning, wondering whether this kid was stupid, or whether he was deliberately against himself.

Not only did he think so, but the players around him also showed incomprehensible expressions, all of them looked at Qin Feng with strange expressions.

"Haha! Young people today are really...hey!"

After a while, the old man shook his head gloomily, showing an expression of hating iron.

As if Qin Feng was his home, how obedient the stupid junior made him speechless.

"Brother, don't pay attention to this person! I see this kid, he is arrogant and arrogant, thinking that he can reach the 50th level, he feels that he is very amazing, and he deliberately behaves differently from everyone else, and it's just grandstanding! "

In the crowd, a chubby player was fighting for the black-robed old man.

"Yeah! I also think this kid is a little bit clueless!"

At this time, another player wearing a purple robe also spoke up to express his dissatisfaction.

They said this, in fact, to curry favor with the black-robed old man.

In their opinion, if the black-robed old man can break through, he is definitely a master among the masters, and he deserves their respect and flattery.

As for Qin Feng, a young junior, 90% of the time, he can't pass this level.

In such a comparison, they naturally felt that they should stand on the side of the black-robed old man and bring them closer.

Of course, Qin Feng's maverick also made them feel slightly unhappy.

Everyone is meditating and comprehending, but you stand alone, making yourself special.

Not only the two of them thought so, but the other players also felt that Qin Feng was too maverick, which made them unhappy.

When turbidity becomes the norm, innocence is a sin.

No one likes a maverick, right or wrong.

Thinking of this, everyone looked at Qin Feng with a strange look.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Seeing that someone supported him, the black-robed old man suddenly became excited.

At the moment, he pretended to be arrogant: "That's it! That's it! Since people don't want to listen to it, he can do what he likes, so let's do it anyway, we can't control it anyway!"

The chunky contestant immediately echoed: "Brother is right, you don't need to be angry with this kind of person, it's a waste of brother's good intentions!"

The purple robe player also said: "Brother, don't look at this kid's mouth. When he can't enter the epiphany state, he will meditate obediently. If you don't believe it, you can wait and see!"

As soon as these words fell, everyone smiled knowingly.

They also felt that Qin Feng didn't meditate, he had to stand, he was just pretending.

When I can't hold it anymore, I will obediently go to meditate.

Thinking of this, they waited for Qin Feng to be slapped in the face.

At this time, the black-robed old man said with a yin and yang anger: "That's not necessarily! You didn't hear what others said, he said he was used to standing. Seeing how firm he said, there should be a way to understand Dao Yun while standing!"

The chunky contestant smiled and said, "Brother is joking! If he can understand Dao Yun while standing, I can understand Dao Yun standing upside down!"

Click~! Click~! Click~!

As soon as those words fell, there was a crisp cracking sound in the field!

Everyone was shocked and quickly followed the sound to look!

The next second, they were shocked to find that the cracking sound came from Qin Feng.

Looking more closely, there are several cracks in the mask covering Qin Feng!

Boom~!

Seeing this scene, the whole audience was shocked and dumbfounded!

That chubby player is the boss with his mouth open!

Just as he said those sarcastic words, he was severely slapped in the face!

This retribution has come too soon!

Click~! Click~! Click~!

At this moment, the cracks on Qin Feng's mask were increasing at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Everyone looked at them with very strange expressions.

The black-robed old man, the short fat contestant, and the purple-robed contestant were even more embarrassed, and felt very uncomfortable in their hearts.

It was the three of them just now, yin and yang mocking Qin Feng for pretending!

Unexpectedly, the young man was not pretending, he could really understand Dao Yun while standing.

After a long time, the clown turned out to be themselves!

"This guy won't really understand it?!"

The chunky players are still a little tough.

Kacha~!

But just as he finished speaking, the mask on Qin Feng's body suddenly shattered, completely breaking the level!

The chunky player is completely embarrassed, and the whole person is frozen!

At this moment, Qin Feng slowly opened his eyes with joy in his eyes.

Successfully cleared again!

It took 23 seconds in total!

4 more points!

In this way, his points reach 2 points, and he can get the second reward.

"This young man is so strong!"

At this moment, there were exclamations from all around.

The eyes that everyone looked at Qin Feng completely changed.

The black-robed old man and the purple-robed contestant looked embarrassed.

But at this moment, there was another sour voice in the crowd.

"This guy is very strong, but he is far worse than Young Master Capricorn! Young Master Capricorn is in this level, but he has received additional rewards!"

It was the chunky player who spoke!

Boom~Long~Long~!

But his voice fell, and the sky shook!

A beam of reward light fell from the sky and landed directly on Qin Feng's head!

Pa~!

Chunky players are completely stunned!

The old face is burning hot! .

Chapter 747 Special Rewards! Creation Chest!

Boom~!

At this moment, the whole audience was dumbfounded!

Everyone stared blankly at the reward beam, speechless!

That is an extremely rare bonus!

You need to reach 1 point to get it.

In fact, if you can get 1 point in this assessment, you will not be able to find one out of 100 million players.

Before this, only the young master of Capricorn had obtained it.

Unexpectedly, someone else got it now, and it is also on the fiftieth floor, comparable to that of the young master of Capricorn!

what! This is…

Suddenly, everyone found out that Qin Feng's reward Guangzhu is a bit special!

It seems to be brighter- and thicker than Capricornus's reward beam!

What exactly is going on?

The crowd was amazed!

At the same time, Qin Feng's mind was echoing the reminder of Heaven's Way...

[Reminder: Congratulations on absorbing the 'eighth-rank soul power', your soul power has been greatly improved, and your combat power has been enhanced by +50,000 stars]

[Reminder: Your soul body strength has been enhanced to 1.67% of the Quasi-God King]

Boom~Long~Long~!

At this moment, Qin Feng's spirit power and combat power are soaring all the way...

It turned out that the second extra reward was the 'Eighth-Rank Soul Power'!

The eighth-grade soul power is obviously stronger than the ninth-grade soul power, which strengthens Qin Feng's soul body even more.

And the first additional reward, the reward is 'Ninth Grade Soul Power', after absorbing it, you can get 30,000 star combat power.

Of course, the last time Qin Feng improved his strength more, it was because his soul body advanced.

In short, Qin Feng is very satisfied with this reward.