Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1074 Flying Creek Snow Wolf!

Translated by Xephiz

Edited by Aelryinth

Venice, the Yun Lan Chinese Mage Clubhouse...

Jiang Yu still did not understand what the Soul that his teacher was interested in was; even the Vice Elder of the Sacred Hall of Liberty was willing to intervene just to get her hands on it. He could not help but ask, “Master, the Soul that you bought for Mo Fan, what exactly is it? Is it really that impressive?”

“To be honest with you, I was quite surprised to see something like that in the marketplace in Venice, too. There’s nothing special about that Soul, and even people with sharp eyes normally don’t pay three hundred million for it. Even if it’s auctioned, it will most likely be sold around the price of two hundred million...” Pang Lai tried taking a sip of the Italian coffee, yet as soon as he took a sip, he spat it out.

“Master, I think tea suits you better.” Jiang Yu immediately went to brew a pot of tea and served it to Pang Lai, before asking, “So why did you spend three hundred million on it? Were you seriously just trying to squabble with the old lady?”

“Squabble with her?” Pang Lai raised his brows and harrumphed, “Let me tell you, if I didn’t promise to get a Soul for Mo Fan and the fact that he has helped our country plenty of times, I would have bought it for myself, and given it to you as your graduation gift. Unfortunately, your first Summoned Beast is of the Earth Element, and the other is a demon spirit, so the soul of a beast isn’t of any use to

you...”

“Was it really that impressive? But didn’t you mention that it was only an ordinary Commander-level creature?” Jiang Yu asked.

“It’s only ordinary in the eyes of the others, but it’s totally different in the eyes of someone as knowledgeable as your master. If I hadn’t been to the Extreme South Ice Realm, I might have missed it, too.” Pang Lai took a sip of the tea to cleanse his tongue of the strong coffee aroma, before drinking it. Chinese tea was still the best, and the drinks in foreign countries all tasted like mud!

{TL Note: But I like to drink coffee... =’( }

“The Extreme South Ice Realm, at the South Pole?” Jiang Yu was astounded.

“Yeah, it’s truly a forbidden place for humans. The land is vast, and extremely cold, and the demon creatures there...” He sighed heavily. “The word strong is far from enough to describe them. We only went around a hundred kilometers meters deep into the place, yet our group was almost wiped out. Everyone in the group was a Super Mage, and even though I wasn’t as strong as I am now, there’s no chance I’m going back to the South Pole again!” As Pang Lai recalled the situation, he suddenly could not feel the cup of hot tea in his hand, as if he was lost in the land of the snow, where he could feel no heat.

“There are places where even master doesn’t dare to go?” Jiang Yu was even more shocked.

There was not much information about the lands at the South Pole. It was not like not many powerful Mages had visited it, but it was nothing but a black zone.

Other kingdoms of demon creatures were usually crawling with demon creatures, but at the South Pole, it was pretty hard to find one, the whole place was deadly quiet... Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, if you ended up stumbling into one or two when your luck ran out, it was very likely that you would not be able to come back alive!

Pang Lai was once full of youthful vigor, back when he used to be a bright talent among the Super Mages. He was bold enough to follow a bunch of ambitious Mages on an expedition to the South Pole. After that time, Pang Lai had decided to join the Royal Guards and spent most of his time cultivating, or training his disciples. He no longer dared to go on adventures.

Even with his current strength, his face always turned pale at the mention of the Extreme South Ice Realm.

“Let’s not talk about the past. Don’t you want to know why I’m so fascinated by the Soul?” Pang Lai went back to the topic.

“Could it be that the Soul is from the Extreme South Ice Realm?”

“Exactly! I could immediately tell that the creature was from the Extreme South Ice Realm when I felt the strong presence of the Ice Element while holding it. Only the creatures there could possess a Soul with such a strong presence of the Ice Element. If I’m not mistaken, it’s most likely the soul of a Flying Creek Snow Beast. Its strength is similar to that of an ordinary Commander-level creature, but its Ice Soul is going to grant it immeasurable strength when fighting in an Ice Domain!” Pang Lai explained.

“So it’s basically gained the power of the Ice Element?”

Pang Lai sighed. “It’s hard to explain it to you with words. Once Mo Fan’s wolf evolves successfully, you’ll realize how strong the Ice Soul is during the treasure hunt!”

“I guess so. It’s surely something special if it comes from that place!”

–

In a private training ground...

The whole place shook, following a blasting roar. Even the boats in the nearby canals were shaking hard.

The people nearby stared at the training ground with terrified looks when they heard the roar.

Luckily, the roar had come from the training ground. If it was from any other building, the city guards of Venice would have immediately surrounded the place!

“HAHAHA, it worked! Old man Pang Lai is really impressive!” Mo Fan’s laughter echoed throughout the training ground.

Mo Fan had managed to help the Swift Star Wolf evolve just by following Pang Lai’s instructions!

Mo Fan had withdrawn his control. He was staring at the Swift Star Wolf, watching its remarkable transformation!

The Swift Star Wolf had fully extended his limbs, as if his bones and bodies were being pulled apart forcibly. His previously elegant muscles had expanded too, making him more muscular, and granting him a more savage appearance!

His fur was drifting in the wind, and the color had started to change too, from dark blue to white. It looked rather chilly, with an icy blue gleam to it!

Mo Fan initially thought he would feel an icy aura bursting out from the creature, yet all he felt was the cold, yet restrained savagery of the Swift Star Wolf. However, he could sense a suffocating sense of danger just looking at the icy flames in the creature’s eyes!

Mo Fan knew the thing burning inside the creature’s eyes was not fire, but a kind of frost that was swaying like a flame. The same frost was swaying on the wolf’s shoulders, elbows, and tail!

In addition to that, his fur was covering him from his shoulder to his hip, then to his rear legs, and on top of that was a layer of glittering, icy armor attached to the Swift Star Wolf’s sturdy muscles, showing off the inviolable nobility of a Commander-level creature!

“Is...is he now an Ice-type creature?” Mo Fan was astounded after witnessing the Swift Star Wolf’s transformation.

The change to the wolf’s Element was a piece of good news. After all, the Wind Element that the Swift Star Wolf had before was fairly weak. He mainly relied on his physical strength in fights.

However, even though the Swift Star Wolf had turned into an Ice-type creature, the icy aura from the icy armor covering him did not feel that strong, and the temperature nearby did not even drop by much.

Even a Basic Ice Spread was similar to turning on an air-conditioner, yet the aura of the Swift Star Wolf was nowhere close to that.

“Don’t tell me he has only inherited the appearance of the Soul, but he did not inherit its power. Such a pity,” Mo Fan murmured.

“Ning-” Little Flame Belle was naive. She immediately lifted her fiery pom-poms when she saw that the Swift Star Wolf had successfully evolved. She leapt up and danced joyfully.

“Forget it, it doesn’t really matter, it’s cool enough that you’ve evolved into a Commander-level creature. HAHAHA, wolf, I’ll have to call you White Wolf from now onward!” Mo Fan was the optimistic kind.

He had only spent around four hundred and fifty million to help the Swift Star Wolf evolve into a Commander-level creature. It was quite a bargain! After all, the strength of a Commander-level creature was comparable to the combined strength of about seven Advanced Mages, and it took more than a hundred million to train an Advanced Mage!

Either way, the Swift Star Wolf’s transformation was not as impressive as Mo Fan anticipated, yet it did not let Mo Fan down, either. The Swift Star Wolf had officially achieved the Commander-level, meaning that he could easily eliminate a national team with just his Summoning Element alone!

“That being said, he looks really cool, like a king of the wolves. You can finally claim your own territory in the Summoned Beast Plane!” Mo Fan patted the Swift Star Wolf’s head and smiled.

“Awooo!~” The Swift Star Wolf was incredibly excited, too. He let go a few howls, and the boats and people in the canals nearby suffered greatly.

“We can finally enjoy ourselves during the treasure hunt. We’ll have to earn all the money we’ve spent lately back!” Mo Fan said ambitiously.

“Awoo!”

“Hahhoo!”

The White Wolf retained his savagery as a wolf. He was a great fan of plundering, and since he had just achieved the Commander-level, it was finally his turn to show off his remarkable prowess.

Little Flame Belle cried out in excitement too, her voice was as pleasant as the chime of a bell. She could finally follow her daddy and Uncle Wolf on their evil deeds of plundering and setting places on fire. She was radiating great joy!

—

Mo Fan told Jiang Yu about his success. Jiang Yu also mentioned the origin of the Soul to Mo Fan briefly. However, Jiang Yu was not able to understand the whole story from his teacher. He had no idea how strong the Ice Soul was, he only told Mo Fan what he had heard.

“Flying Creek Snow Beast... alright, I guess I’ll call you Flying Creek Snow Wolf then!” Mo Fan gave the Swift Star Wolf a new name!

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf... it sounded like a handsome wolf leaping and running along the walls and jumping between the cliffs of a snowy creek. It did suit his current appearance!

“Have you tried out his strength yet? My master said the creature is very strong,” Jiang Yu asked.

“Not yet. I let him go back to the Summoned Beast Plane to claim his territory. I think he’s the same as other Commander-level creatures,” Mo Fan said.

“Oh, I’ll leave it to you to explore, then. My master wouldn’t lie to you; if he said it’s strong, he must have some outstanding ability,” Jiang Yu said.

“It’s fine, I’m satisfied that he’s now a Commander-level creature!”

“True, your Summoning Element isn’t any weaker than mine, and it’s supposed to be your tertiary Element...” Jiang Yu sighed.