Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1078 The Worm and Tree Symbiosis

Translated by Xephiz

Edited by Aelryinth

Mu Ningxue continued to unleash her frost. It was very effective against Plant-type demon creatures.

The Ice Element was effective against the Plant Element was basic knowledge that every student had to learn in their nine years of study about magic. That being said, the Fire Element was even more effective against the Plant Element. After passing through the Black Tree Spirits that Mu Ningxue had frozen, Mo Fan saw the Commander-level Black Tree Spirit that Mu Ningxue had mentioned.

The Tree Spirit Commander was rather strange. It was residing in the lake, and the whole black lake had huge bubbles on its surface. It looked rather disgusting!

The mid-trunk of the Tree Spirit Commander had a strange mouth like a human, but it was a lot wider. Its eerie branches were like the arms and claws of a mountain monster. When Mo Fan walked forward, he realized that the tree was grabbing an enormous, gray bear...

The bear was around six meters tall, with gray flames covering its body. One could tell that the bear was no ordinary Servant-class beast, but the Tree Spirit Commander had stabbed the bear countless times, leaving bloody holes all over it with blood pouring out like a fountain into the lake!

The blood immediately turned black after falling into the lake. Mo Fan subconsciously took a deep breath.

The lake was not made of water, but decaying blood! How many creatures had the Tree Spirit Commander killed to form such a huge lake of blood?

The Tree Spirit Commander was on alert. It soon noticed Mo Fan’s presence, even though he was hiding at the lakeside. It let out a furious cry as it faced him.

Even though the tree had no eyes or face, Mo Fan could clearly sense its hunger and cruelty, as if anything alive was considered its food. The fresh and tender meat, the cries of agony from its prey, and the blood that flowed into the pool...

“Are you trying to summon your men?” Mo Fan grinned when he saw the Tree Spirit Commander continuing to shriek.

The Tree Spirit Commander was unable to see, as he thought. It had no clue that all its underlings had been turned into ice statues by Mu Ningxue.

The Tree Spirit Commander had no choice but to get rid of the intruder itself, since none of its underlings had responded to its summons. It extended its branches and snapped them at Mo Fan like whips!

“As a mere tree, you have butchered so many creatures that their blood has formed such a huge lake, aren’t you a disappointment to your mum and dad?” Mo Fan agilely dodged the branches.

Mo Fan suddenly vanished into thin air, leaving a shadow behind that the Tree Spirit Commander focused on with its branches!

He sneakily moved in another direction. Mo Fan stomped the ground, and a huge shadow loomed over the place. The dim sky immediately turned pitch-black, and darkness crawled across the place!

It had been a while since Mo Fan last cast the Nyx Regime. The strong presence of dark energy in the space significantly strengthened Mo Fan’s Shadow Spells.

The Tree Spirit Commander did not have eyes, meaning that it did not rely on sight to sense where its enemy was. However, in the Domain of the Nyx Regime, Mo Fan’s movements were as unpredictable as a phantom. Even though the Tree Spirit Commander knew where Mo Fan was, its branches were having a hard time tracking him down!

“Giant Shadow... hang on, there’s no need for that!” Mo Fan was just about to cast the spell, but he immediately slapped himself on the head.

The Tree Spirit Commander was unable to move, after all, so it was unnecessary to suppress its movement!

“Sky Lightning Claw!” Mo Fan did not waste further time with the Tree Spirit Commander. He immediately cast his strongest Lightning Spell.

Dark lightning struck down from the pitch-black sky, shocking and brilliant. The fierce lightning split into several arcs and formed the claw of a demon swiping at the Tree Spirit Commander’s upper branches!

The lightning surged wildly, cracking all over the place.

To Mo Fan’s surprise, the strong attack only left a little hole in the Tree Spirit Commander. It did not seem to have inflicted any serious damage on the Tree Spirit Commander.

“It looks like I still need to use fire!” After realizing that the Lightning Spells were not so effective against the Tree Spirit Commander, Mo Fan immediately turned to his Fire Element. “Rain of Burning Fists!”

Mo Fan drew a Fire Constellation, but he forcibly turned the raindrop-sized flames into burning fists.

He had learned the move from the Spanish fire-tosser. However, it seemed like he needed a lot of time to master it. If the Rain of Burning Fists of the Spanish representative used was a storm, Mo Fan’s Rain of Burning Fists was only a drizzle!

Burning fists poured down from the sky, yet the fists were sparse, and the damage of the spell was not that much higher than the Sky-Flame Funeral. However, with enough practice, Mo Fan would certainly be able to master the advanced version of the Sky-Flame Funeral!

Flames were indeed more effective against the Tree Spirit Commander. The lake of blood was set on fire, and the burning fists landed on the Tree Spirit Commander continuously, leaving huge holes on its trunk!

The Tree Spirit Commander was infuriated. The water of the lake turned restless. When Mo Fan was wondering what kind of attack the creature would dish out, he saw huge, thick roots rising out of the water like eels.

The roots basically filled up the entire lake! They continued to grow and wiggle, and looked eerie and terrifying!

“Holy crap, what the hell are these things? Aren’t they afraid of fire?” Mo Fan burst out screaming

The giant eel-like roots crawled over the flames, but the fire failed to burn any of them. They reached the land and chased after Mo Fan.

Mo Fan sprinted across the place with the Blood Tabi. To his surprise, the roots seemed to have infinite range, as they continued to stack up and chase after him.

The whole lake was filled up with the roots. Mo Fan had never seen a plant with so many roots!

It was like a thousand eels were chasing after him. Mo Fan could feel that they were gradually getting closer, so he kept throwing Fiery Fists at the roots while running.

The fiery dragons lunged at the roots, but they were simply too weak, and were soon devoured by roots covered in thick blood.

One of the roots was way ahead of the others. It was only inches away from reaching Mo Fan’s ankle. Mo Fan was about to alter his direction with the Fleeing Shadow, yet before he could disappear into the shadow, the root was smart enough to wrap around Mo Fan’s right foot and drag him out! Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The rest of the roots pounced at Mo Fan as soon as he was dragged out of the shadow. Mo Fan could already imagine his horrible death after he was covered by the roots.

“Little Flame Belle, save your daddy!” Mo Fan yelled.

Little Flame Belle appeared in the nick of time. She quickly set Mo Fan aflame with the Calamity Fire.

A great explosion took place, followed by a little mushroom cloud rising in the air. The shockwave blew the roots into pieces, but even when the roots were separated, they were still wiggling on the ground, as if each of the roots was a different organism...

Mo Fan took a closer look and was astounded.

These were no roots; they were some vampiric, blood-drinking worms!

No wonder the roots were able to chase after him like they had eyes, even when Mo Fan was able to conceal his presence easily with the Nyx Regime.

“Damn it, what the hell is this thing! It looks like a tree above the water, but its roots are all worms!” Mo Fan had never heard of anything like it. If he knew how tricky it was to fight, he would rather have dealt with the little Black

Tree Spirits, and let Mu Ningxue deal with the monster.

“Take this!” Mo Fan was infuriated too. He immediately summoned the Flame Sword!

Mo Fan did not attack with the Flame Sword immediately. He held the sword in his hand with the outstanding control that Little Flame Belle had granted him!

With a forward slash, waves of flames surged forward and sliced the worms into several sections.

After waving the Flame Sword wildly for some time, the roots were severed into little pieces. Little Flame Belle’s Calamity Fire was indeed a lot stronger. Mo Fan stood no chance against a Commander-level creature with only his Rose Flame!

Blurb blurb blurb... some movement was visible under the lake of blood again.

The roots of the Tree Spirit Commander rose up again, their number no fewer than the roots that had appeared before, as if there was no end to them...

Mo Fan immediately realized that slicing the worms was utterly meaningless. He had to find a way to defeat the Tree Spirit!

“Rocket Wings!” Mo Fan turned the flames around him into feathers, quickly forming two spectacular wings on his back!

The feathers exploded, propelling Mo Fan forward. Mo Fan was now able to control his movement freely despite the overwhelming propulsion. He raised the Flame Sword and slashed at the Tree Spirit Commander as he left a bright aftertrail of burning flames across the lake of blood!

“Die!” The Flame Sword enlarged, growing to a length of sixteen meters. Mo Fan raised it above his head before swinging it down ferociously!

The Calamity Fire was deadly against the strange tree. The flames instantly penetrated the Tree Spirit’s thick trunk, and sliced it in half from the treetop to its roots. The imperious Calamity Fire spread wildly and devoured the entire tree!

The brown flames rose fiercely, and even the lake of blood was dyed red by the flames.

The worms that served as the roots of the tree surfaced on the lake. There were so many of them that they began to stack up on the surface of the lake.

The vampiric worms rolled over like detached windpipes when their host died, and also died in a matter of seconds!

Their remains filled up the entire lake of blood. Mu Ningxue happened to arrive to witness the scene. She was disgusted at the sight. If such a terrifying creature existed in the outside world, wouldn’t it pose a great threat to mankind?

The lake of blood was its source of nutrients, while the worms were living in symbiosis with the tree. They helped transfer the energy to the rest of the Black Tree Spirits, forming the huge forest of Black Tree Spirits!

Creator’s Thought

Okay, I admit this is a very cool monster combo.