Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1086: You Shouldn’t Mess with Me!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Angelo turned into a cloudy wind, and was showing up in different locations around Mo Fan by abusing the tremendous speed of the wind. He also left faint images behind where he was, to trick Mo Fan into believing that he was still there.

The images gradually disappeared, but the wind trail turned into powerful wind blades. A few of them would not pose any threat to Mo Fan, but when a dozen of them were lunging at Mo Fan at the same time, he simply had no chance of dodging the attack!

Mo Fan was initially planning to withdraw from the area with the Fleeing Shadow. However, the Scorpion-Tailed Beast was blocking in front, while Shreev was summoning a bunch of Iron Zombies behind him. On his left was a trap set up with the Plant Element by a Canadian student. The only option he had was to run to his right, but he would have to traverse the area covered in wind blades. It was worse than standing still! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Mo Fan had no choice but to summon the Black Snake Armor. However, once the armor exceeded its duration, he would no longer have any way to protect himself. He could only last for as long as possible, hoping that Little Flame Belle and the Flying Creek Snow Wolf could defeat their opponents and provide him with some support.

The wind blades swept past him, leaving marks and scratches on Mo Fan’s Black Snake Armor. The armor was godly when he was still in the Intermediate Level, as it was able to take as many hits as needed. However, after he reached the Advanced Level, he had not strengthened and refined the armor, so it was having trouble resisting the attacks of the talented Mages specifically chosen to represent their countries in the World College Tournament!

“Damn it, I think I should really improve the Space Element, too. If only I was strong as Ai Jiangtu, it’s like his Space Element is omnipotent!” Mo Fan murmured as the wind blades attacked him.

Ai Jiangtu was able to attack, defend, control, and destroy with his Space Element. The ability to Blink around unpredictably alone was insane. He could easily take on a few opponents with only a single Element. Even though Mo Fan had lots of Elements, if he did not spend more time mastering the Space Element, it would only end up as a supporting Element in a battle.

Having this thought, Mo Fan was even more unwilling to give away the loot they had acquired so far!

Everyone had been robbing one another for their loot. Mo Fan didn’t believe his approach was unfair, it was just that the enemy had an advantage in numbers.

“Did you guys realize? That guy no longer has the unstoppable flames,” Angelo suddenly said.

He had watched the match between the Chinese team and the Spanish team. Both Angelo and Jack had been well informed of how outstanding Mo Fan’s strength was. They clearly remembered the Calamity Fire that he could control as he pleased, almost comparable to that of a Super Mage!

However, Mo Fan had not used it despite the circumstances he was in. It was unlikely that the man was trying to preserve his strength, meaning that he was unable to use the fire!

“It’s his Contracted Beast, his Contracted Beast is a rare Elemental Creature with the ability to attach itself to the master! His Contracted Beast is fighting Meos, so it makes sense that he can’t transform into that fiery state!” Jack exclaimed.

Jack, whose primary Element was the Summoning Element, had purposely asked his teacher, Gisele about Mo Fan’s ability. It was unnecessary for them to keep an eye out on Mo Fan’s ability to engulf himself in flames right now...

“So that means his primary Element is Fire, secondary is Summoning Element, and tertiary is Space... but why can he cast Shadow Spells too?” Angelo wondered.

“He has Double Innate Elements, so he has one extra Element...” Shreev said as he was controlling the Iron Zombies.

Mo Fan was like a cornered beast. His enemies kept on casting spells, and even if he could still dodge and resist their attacks, he would no longer be able to turn the tables around once his armor’s duration came to an end!

“No wonder, I kept feeling as if he has unlimited magic...” both Jack and Angelo realized.

It was possible to cast some spells with the help of magic equipment. As such, they initially thought Mo Fan was relying on magic equipment to cast his Shadow spells, but everything made sense now.

However, what difference would his Double Innate Elements make? Even if he had four Elements, like a Super Mage, the six of them had more than ten Elements in total. How could they possibly lose against a single person?

“His armor is almost at its limit. I have to say that his armor is quite impressive, allowing him to last for so long in the fight. I’m going to put an end to this!” Angelo could not wait to get his revenge.

Many teams had worked together to acquire the Heart of Stone worth around five hundred million. The Italian team even took the risk of being targeted by the rest of the countries when they decided to keep it for themselves. To their surprise, the shameless Mo Fan simply stole it from him! Not only was he deserted by his team, the other countries were unforgiving of him, too!

He could finally get his revenge after nursing his grievance for so long!

The man had lost all his defense. Angelo utilized the speed of the wind and appeared behind Mo Fan as he was busy handling the Iron Zombies and mummies.

The wind took the shape of a long cone. Angelo crept forward, concealing his presence within the cloudy winds.

The shroud enveloping the mummies sprang forward and wrapped around Mo Fan’s legs to restrict his movements. He was barely resisting the incoming attacks with a wall he had set up with the Space Element.

However, his Space Element was only average, and it could only block a few attacks at most. As Jack blasted the wall with an Advanced Spell, Mo Fan lost his final line of defense.

“Cast a Psychic Spell on him!” Jack saw that Angelo had prepared to give Mo Fan the killing blow. He said in a cruel voice, “Humph, Double Innate Elements? He’s just a piece of trash!”

Jack was extremely cunning with his approach. Ayleen was quite a distance away from Mo Fan. There was no chance she could lend a hand to protect him. They had successfully broken down Mo Fan’s defense. Mo Fan was already doomed, yet Jack went even further by asking the Psychic Mage to cast a Psychic Spell on Mo Fan, guaranteeing his defeat!

A Mage that was under the effects of a Psychic Spell was no longer able to cast any spells. Their body would have no chance of surviving the damage of a destructive spell. It all depended on how strong the grudge Angelo was holding against Mo Fan was. He could even kill Mo Fan if he wished. The man was as vulnerable as a piece of paper. Double Innate Elements? The ace of the Chinese team? He had still fallen at their hands!

Angelo moved rapidly. He was less than half a meter away from Mo Fan after a flicker of movement, grinning cruelly.

“I’ll let you live, but your path of magic is going to end here!” Angelo swore. The force he was gathering on his palm emitted a faint blue pulse of light.

Blue normally represented the soul, meaning that Angelo’s spell was not just a simple Wind Spell; he had activated his Deathstrike Magic Equipment, too!

The attack was aimed at Mo Fan’s mind and soul, and was sure to inflict unrecoverable damage to Mo Fan’s soul. The wind cone was merely a disguise, it was not going to do much harm to Mo Fan’s body, but his soul...

Angelo had already thought it through. In the eyes of the Observer Eagles circling in the sky, his attack was just a simple Wind Spell, but the others were surely not going to stop attacking. If an organizer was to investigate the matter, he would insist that he had only attacked with his Wind Spell. They would never know who was responsible for damaging Mo Fan’s soul in such a chaotic battle!

Mo Fan was struggling to react to the strong gust of wind.

He turned around and noticed the wind cone, and the strong hatred from the vengeful Angelo.

Mo Fan used his will to form a wall. The wall was extremely fragile, yet it could at least buy him some time...

“I stole something from you, and you can steal it back too. It’s just a tournament, yet are you sure you want to go so far and give me a deadly blow?” Mo Fan’s eyes were fixed on Angelo.

The wall of the Space Magic was breaking into pieces under the strong penetrating force of the wind cone. It would collapse in the next second.

“What are you talking about? I’m only going to teach you a lesson!” Angelo replied calmly. He seemed natural, yet the look in his eyes exposed his vicious heart!

When Mo Fan saw the deadly light concealed by the wind cone approaching, his face, which had remained calm and collected until now, suddenly turned icy and determined...

With how advanced the Healing Spells were now, he could still recover from any physical damage he suffered. He would at most be lying in a sickbed for months, the worst possible outcome not being able to participate further in the tournament. Mo Fan thought that was as far as the participants would go, since he had only stolen their loot, while still complying with the rules that had been set. However, Mo Fan subconsciously chuckled when he realized Angelo’s malicious intent.

It seemed like these high-sounding people were used to doing such cruel deeds. Otherwise, why would the man act so calmly, and had even thought it through and adeptly covered his deadly blow with another spell...

“I only wanted to teach you a lesson too... but it seems like I have to do more than that!” Mo Fan’s voice resonated.

Angelo was startled. The man was clearly in a pinch, like a cornered beast; why was he still so confident, and why had his aura skyrocketed all of a sudden!?

Angelo did not give up on his attack. Anyone that made him feel uncomfortable had to pay a hundred times the price. He had crippled lots of brilliant talents so far, but who could possibly get their revenge on him?

“Your biggest mistake was infuriating me, Angelo!” Angelo attacked without hesitation!

“And you shouldn’t mess with me, either!” Mo Fan uttered coldly. “Sky Lightning Claw!”

The lightning exploded out when everyone least expected it. The imperious Lightning Domain was even more outstanding than Mu Ningxue’s Nirvana Ice Domain. Spectacular lightning dragons were rolling ruthlessly in the black clouds, carrying a strong aura of death!

A lightning bolt sprang up from the ground below Angelo’s feet. The strong blast, strengthened by Mo Fan’s will, forcibly knocked Angelo into the sky.

Angelo totally did not expect it. He was so obsessed with getting revenge that he did not even notice the bright glow on Mo Fan’s neck!

Angelo flew a few dozen meters into the sky. An enormous claw formed by arcs of dark lightning arcs and grabbed Angelo as he reached the highest point!

The imperious, merciless lightning claw possessed incredible strength. The lightning, its damage multiplied sixfold, was like a hellish demon that would tear any living human it held into pieces!