Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1089: Explosion of the Ice Soul!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The scorpion tail chopped down fiercely, like an unstoppable battle axe!

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf quickly ran to the little ice hill behind him when he saw the attack coming at him.

The ice hill was left here by Mu Ningxue before. The Poison Armor Scorpion kept chasing after the Flying Creek Snow Wolf, and before he realized it, he had entered the area where Mu Ningxue was fighting previously.

Mu Ningxue was seriously a lot stronger than before. Not only was she fighting the all-star student Pinole, she had to face the fierce Lightning Element wielder Hannah too, yet she was still remained undefeated after so long. She was not really in a pinch, either!

Mo Fan was only able to take on six people at once because his two Summoned Beasts were keeping two Mages busy. Therefore, Mu Ningxue was also fighting four people at once, yet she did not seem to have any difficulty at all!

The whole place was long covered in ice. The river not far away had already frozen. If anyone was to look into Mu Ningxue’s direction, they would be looking at a land covered in ice.

When the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was driven to the land of ice, for some reason, he felt extremely comfortable. Even the scorching pain he was feeling had weakened significantly.

The chilly wind was blowing at his filthy hair, and was mending his wounds like a Healing Spell...

The poison was frozen, and his wounds were recovering at an insane speed. The Flying Creek Snow Wolf was currently inside Mu Ningxue’s Domain, yet he felt like he was in his own. The frost covering him had turned into energy surging between his limbs...

He extended his claws. His frosty aura was like growing rapidly, like a flame that was being fed with alcohol. It was starting to turn sinisterly cold!

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf let out a furious roar in the land of ice. The frost in the air turned into icy claws under his control!

The icy claws lunged at the Poison Armor Scorpion chasing after him, helped by the wind!

The Poison Armor Scorpion totally disregarded the attacks of the icy claws and arrived in front of the Flying Creek Snow Wolf...

“Die!” Jack snapped coldly.

Deadly spikes densely covered the Poison Armor Scorpion. The creature leapt into the air and grew a few times bigger, similar to when it was attacking with the sumo slam.

The enormous beast covered in poisonous spikes fell from the air. It was impossible to dodge the attack no matter how fast the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was, and in comparison, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was tiny, like a little bug...

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf did not try to dodge the attack. He uttered a furious howl as he faced the creature falling from the air!

The howl spread across the land of ice, and surprisingly, massive glaciers rapidly emerged from the ground!

It felt like a mountain range of glaciers had appeared out of nowhere. Suddenly, the creature that was falling from the air felt extremely tiny compared to the glaciers!

The Poison Armor Scorpion was initially planning to attack with a sumo slam, yet it ended up smashing into the glaciers that had emerged like a mountain range. Not only did it fail to kill the Flying Creek Snow Wolf, its joints were shuddering after crashing into the glaciers so hard!

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf sprinted along the ice glaciers. His limbs were incredibly strong as he raced across the ice. As the cold flame of his Ice Soul burned stronger, his speed was increasing too... 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf leapt into the air at a shocking pace and lunged at the Poison Armor Scorpion that was still dizzy from its fall.

“You’ve overestimated your strength!” Jack cursed and commanded the Poison Armor Scorpion to attack with its poisonous tail.

The poisonous tail swung in the air, firing dense crimson-red rays at the Flying Creek Snow Wolf...

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf howled in the air. A bridge grew rapidly out of the glaciers and hovered in the air right before the Flying Creek Snow Wolf...

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf sprinted across the bridge, icy flames blossoming under his feet. His figure started to blur from his outstanding speed!

“Awoo!”

With another howl, more glaciers emerged from the ground, allowing the Flying Creek Snow Wolf to change his position rapidly.

“Awoo!”

Finally, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf’s howl sounded slightly different. Countless glaciers burst out of the ground and rose into the air before falling rapidly as the Flying Creek Snow Wolf raced past them!

With a closer look, anyone would notice that the glaciers greatly resembled enormous wolf-fangs. The ice glaciers were landing on the Poison Armor Scorpion from every direction...

Jack, still hidden inside the scorpion’s armor, was stunned!

One of the ice glaciers punched through just inches away from him. It immediately sent a great chill down Jack’s spine, right into his soul.

As his mind was synchronized with the Poison Armor Scorpion, he could sense the creature’s pain. The ice fangs scattered across the place had limited the range of the creature. The deadly ice glaciers had formed a deadly formation, and the powerful Poison Armor Scorpion was stuck inside it. The wolf ice-fangs stabbed deep into its flesh, its blood pouring out...

After some time, the Poison Armor Scorpion gradually returned to its initial look. It was no longer wearing thick armor, nor was it covered in poisonous spikes. Jack lost his protection, too.

Jack was about to cast the spell to withdraw the Scorpion-Tailed Beast back into his Contracted Space when a pair of murderous eyes suddenly appeared. The terrifying head of the wolf was right in front of him, so close that Jack totally forgot how to draw the Star Pattern.

Proud, icy, to kill or not to kill was a decision that could be made within an instant. The wolf let out an icy breath, sweeping at Jack’s face. The man’s lips began to tremble, in both fear and disbelief...

Not long ago, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was completely beaten up by his Poison Armor Scorpion, and fleeing like a cowardly dog; how did it become so strong all of a sudden? It was like the wolf had transformed into a totally different creature. Its control of the ice glaciers was absolutely shocking!

-How is this possible? Isn’t it just a low-level demon wolf?-

—

—

“Ice Soul, it’s the Ice Soul! It still sends a chill down my spine, just like old times!” Pang Lai exclaimed when he saw the Flying Creek Snow Wolf summoning the spectacular glaciers.

The reason why he was so fond of the soul was because it contained a unique Ice Soul under its ordinary appearance. As long as there were ice and frost around, the Ice Soul would unleash its great potential. In the past, Pang Lai was totally unaware that the Flying Creek Snow Beast possessed such formidable power, and their team was almost wiped out as a consequence...

The Poison Armor Scorpion was fairly strong, stronger than most Commander-level creatures, yet it was no match for the Flying Creek Snow Wolf when his Ice Soul was activated!

The stronger the presence of the Ice Element was, the stronger the Ice Soul would be. Jack committed a great mistake when he was overly aggressive and chased the Flying Creek Snow Wolf into Mu Ningxue’s Nirvana Ice Domain.

The strength of Mo Fan’s Flying Creek Snow Wolf basically doubled in Mu Ningxue’s Domain. Even the Poison Armor Scorpion and Jack were no match for him!

“Err...may I ask, which Element is supposed to be Mo Fan’s primary Element? Why is his Summoning Element so...” someone spoke up from the crowd.

The ice glaciers that the Flying Creek Snow Wolf had Summoned made a great impact on the crowd. Normally, a Commander-level Summoned Beast was expected to defeat a normal participant, but it was unlikely to defeat an all-star student.

To their surprise, Mo Fan’s Flying Creek Snow Wolf had defeated Jack and his Poison Armor Scorpion. His strength had already reached the average of Commander-level creatures!

With this Summoned Beast...and the rare Flame Belle, Mo Fan’s two Summoned Beasts could easily take on an average national team!

But the question was, which Element was supposed to be Mo Fan’s primary Element? How was it that all three of his Elements were so shocking!?

—

As the crowd was dazzled, even Mo Fan was dumbfounded.

Even he had no idea that the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was so strong!

Mo Fan did let the Flying Creek Snow Wolf display his strength as soon as he evolved, and it was no different than a normal Commander-level creature, thus Mo Fan thought the Flying Creek Snow Wolf could maybe handle a single student...

To his surprise, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf suddenly unleashed his full potential, and was able to defeat Jack, a rather strong opponent, even when the creature was already injured. Mo Fan could not believe that the creature was actually his Summoned Beast!

“Don’t tell me he can only unleash his true strength in the presence of the Ice Element?” Mo Fan realized.

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf had always been a certain distance away from Mu Ningxue, and the people that Mo Fan fought against were trying to avoid Mu Ningxue’s Domain too, just so their spells would not be weakened. The Flying Creek Snow Wolf and Little Flame Belle both kept a student busy, thus they never went close to Mu Ningxue’s Domain.

However, after being beaten up, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf subconsciously fled to the area covered in ice!

As a matter of fact, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf only realized that ice was his greatest weapon when he first arrived in the area covered in ice. He fully unleashed the power of the Ice Soul, granting him full control over the ice, and allowing him to summon the ice fangs!

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf let out a great howl, as if he was trying to vent out the humiliation he had endured in the past, since he used to be a weak creature that had to run endlessly and hide in corners just to survive. Somehow, it was like the God of Ice was painting wildly, drawing spectacular and jagged mountains of ice across the frozen land!