Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1162: Battle Against the Titan!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

BANG!

The Tyrant Titan leapt into the air and landed on the woods. Both Mo Fan and Bola were knocked flying once again by the overwhelming force, before they could even stabilize themselves.

The Silver Moon Tyrant Titan attacked recklessly. It did not seem to be bothered with accuracy, as it simply aimed for where Mo Fan and Bola were roughly, like it was trying to stomp a little insect to death. It did not matter if it landed its thumb or foot on the target. Even if it missed, the impact alone was enough to give the little insect a miserable time!

"We've already tried splitting up, but it can still attack us both at the same time. Do you have any strong Summoned Beasts to divert its attention? I don't think the Tyrant Titans are very smart," Bola said.

The two had only been dodging since the start of the battle. Bola turned into a bat and flew around swiftly. If Mo Fan did not have the Shadow Element and Blink, he would have been dead long ago. He was relieved that he had learned Blink recently. Otherwise, he would definitely struggle against the Tyrant Titan, who kept on slamming its fists down and stomping its feet.

"Flying Creek Snow Wolf!" Mo Fan decisively Summoned the Flying Creek Snow Wolf.

A lunar-white crack tore open, followed by the howl of a wolf. The Flying Creek Snow Wolf dashed out from the crack, his hair drifting off in the wind symbolizing his will to battle as one of the wolf tribe.

The Tyrant Titan's foot landed on the ground. The Flying Creek Snow Wolf that was about to display his remarkable prowess was knocked flying. He fell down the mountain slope miserably.

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf rose to his feet and took a closer look at the opponent he was up against. He could not help but shiver in fear.

Once again, he was up against an opponent several levels higher than him. Similar to Mo Fan and Bola, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was forced to sprint around the place to dodge its attacks. He did not have the slightest chance to attack the Tyrant Titan!

Even though the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was unable to attack, he did lift the pressure from Mo Fan's shoulders. The Silver Moon Tyrant Titan was definitely not the smartest thing around. If it only focused on any one of them, it would easily land its attacks, yet it kept getting distracted!

"I'll try trapping it, use your strongest attack on it!" Bola said.

Mo Fan nodded. Bola swiftly appeared under the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan's foot with a flicker. As he flapped his coat wildly, countless bats flew out of it like a huge puff of black smoke.

The bats flew straight at the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan. Even though the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan was surrounded by a strong aura that would crush anything that came too close, it was still overwhelmed by the endless number of bats.

The Silver Moon Tyrant Titan was soon covered in thick layers of bats. The whole place was filled with their screeches.

Mo Fan took hold of the opportunity. He immediately unleashed the Lightning Tyrant Domain and the Calamity Fire Domain. The two restless Domains combined and formed a fierce Elemental Storm.

"Sky Lightning Claw!" Mo Fan unleashed the power of his lightning. The black lightning claw, its damage multiplied twelve-fold, landed on the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan. The bats that Bola had Summoned vanished right before the lightning struck the creature!

The lightning claw swept across the Tyrant Titan's flesh, leaving scorch marks on its silver armor. Unfortunately, the lightning was nowhere strong enough to fully penetrate the armor!

"Such a remarkable defense!" Mo Fan exclaimed. Even his lightning was only able to leave a little bruise on the creature. The Silver Moon Tyrant Titan's defense was comparable to a Ruler-level creature!

"Hellish Flames!" Mo Fan was not willing to accept his defeat. He evoked a giant meteorite.

The Hellish Flames descended from the sky. However, the Tyrant Titan simply placed its arms above its head and braced for the impact.

The Silver Moon Tyrant Titan shuddered. The meteorite smashed heavily onto the creature, but Mo Fan knew it was far from enough to inflict serious damage on it.

It was impossible for him to penetrate the creature's defense with his Advanced Spells. There was no way he could defeat the creature!

"It's useless, even if its defense isn't as strong as a Ruler-level creature, it's not any weaker than one!" Mo Fan felt helpless when he saw how ineffective his strongest attacks were.

"Calm down. My bats are very effective against creatures with a strong defense. The bats have actually injected poison into its body, but this Silver Moon Tyrant Titan's vitality is quite shocking, and its resistance to poison is high, too. It will take the poison some time to spread through its body and corrode its defense," Bola said.

"How strong is the poison?" Mo Fan asked.

"If it actually works, its defense will be weaker than a Warrior-level creature. Your lightning can easily kill it," Bola said.

Mo Fan nodded. He just needed to find a way to break down the creature's defense!

"Its lineage is rather high. Once the poison of my bats starts to flow through its body, it will surely notice the poison and dispel it, so I have to keep poisoning the creature until the poison spreads throughout its body. You have to keep it busy, forcing it to fight with you. It will speed up its circulation, allowing the poison to spread a lot quicker. Most importantly, you have to keep its attention away from the poison," Bola said.

"Just do your thing, I'll handle it!" Mo Fan understood what Bola was trying to say.

"You will have to face the creature alone, I'm afraid..." Bola was slightly worried.

Bola had been constantly harassing the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan to stop it from attacking Mo Fan. As such, Mo Fan would surely be in danger if he faced the creature by himself.

"I won't die so easily!" Mo Fan promised.

Bola nodded. He could tell that Mo Fan was very determined to make it to the top, as if nothing could stop him.

---

"Old wolf!" Mo Fan called the Flying Creek Snow Wolf over and leapt on his back.

Without the presence of the Ice Element, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was only as strong as an ordinary Commander-level creature. Mo Fan needed the Flying Creek Snow Wolf's help against the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan, but he had to be careful at all times, too. If he lowered his guard, the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan might actually kill the Flying Creek Snow Wolf!

Mo Fan sat on the Flying Creek Snow Wolf's back. The wolf sprinted along the mountain wall while the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan chased after it. Despite its seemingly slow pace, every step it took covered a huge distance. It soon caught up to Mo Fan and the Flying Creek Snow Wolf!

The mountain wall collapsed after the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan threw a punch into it. The Flying Creek Snow Wolf leapt between the rocks that were falling to the ground, but was still knocked flying by the incredible force.

"Flame Sword!"

Mo Fan did not give up. He Summoned a fiery sword over ten meters long and slashed at the Tyrant Titan's chest, but the sword could not cut through it!

The Tyrant Titan roared. The sound was strong enough to shatter anything into pieces.

The sonic wave was impossible to dodge. Mo Fan was launched into the air once again, while the remaining energy of the sonic wave swept across the woods...

The woods were shattered beyond recognition after the sonic wave uprooted the trees and crushed them to pieces.

Mo Fan rose to his feet. He could not care if a few of his bones had broken when he recalled Bola's words.

"Rain of Flames!" Mo Fan swiftly completed the Star Constellation, Summoning dense burning fists pouring down from the sky.

The fiery fists flew straight at the Tyrant Titan, but the creature was not bothered at all. It continued to move toward Mo Fan amid the Rain of Burning Fists. The strong blasts failed to leave a single scratch on it.

Anyone would find themselves in despair when facing a creature with such an outstanding defense. The Sky Lightning Claw, Hellish Flames, and the Rain of Flames were Mo Fan's strongest attacks, yet they could not even tickle the creature!

A giant fist was falling down on Mo Fan. He quickly cast Blink when he felt the strong wind surging at him.

The creature was simply too huge. It was unlikely Mo Fan could dodge all its attacks regardless of how agile he was. He was not quick enough to dodge the attacks without Blink.

Mo Fan Blinked to the top of a cliff. He was just about to construct a new Star Constellation, when he was surprised to realize that the creature was sensitive to the Space Element too! The Tyrant Titan turned and spread its fingers, slapping at the cliff Mo Fan was standing on!

Mo Fan was astounded. He could no longer dodge the attack. He quickly withdrew the Star Constellation and used Telekinesis!

Mo Fan stared at the giant, silver palm. His entire figure was shrouded by the mysterious, silver light of the Space Element. He was using his will to create a strong resistance, trying to stop the Tyrant Titan's hand!

The Tyrant Titan's hand slowed down a little. Mo Fan had already used all his strength to resist it, yet his mental strength was still too weak to stop a creature as strong as the Tyrant Titan.

PA!

Mo Fan was knocked flying together with the edge of the cliff. He slammed heavily onto another mountain wall behind him and ended up in a hole inside it...

Mo Fan sank a few meters deep into the wall. It felt like his bones were about to collapse.

Luckily, his Telekinesis had weakened the Tyrant Titan's slap. Otherwise, he would have been pulped by now!

Mo Fan was having difficulty focusing, as he was in great pain. However, the Tyrant Titan continued to approach him. The creature was utterly relentless!

Mo Fan could no longer cast Blink. He clenched his teeth and used the Dark Noble Mantle's power to sneak away by sticking close to the mountain wall.

The Dark Noble Mantle saved Mo Fan's life. The Tyrant Titan failed to notice where Mo Fan was. It furiously chased after Mo Fan after he reached a safe distance. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Mo Fan could not afford to run too far away, as he was worried that the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan would notice the poison spreading in its body.

Mo Fan's body began to shake uncontrollably from his serious injuries. He lifted his gaze and gazed at the imperious Tyrant Titan. His heart was instantly set aflame by an unyielding spirit!