Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1164: The Funeral on the Mountain Top

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

"Have a taste of my fist!"

The feathers exploded rapidly. The thousand fiery feathers all burned into ashes, tripling his speed!

Mo Fan was no longer able to cast his powerful spells because of the injuries he was suffering. He could only turn speed into power, and punch the Tyrant Titan in the face!

The fiery punch swept across the sky like a red meteor. Mo Fan reached the Tyrant Titan's face and threw his fist right at it!

There was no flickering light, as it was pure brute force. The punch slammed right into the Tyrant Titan's face without resistance. Its face caved in, and the sound of bones breaking could not be any clearer!

The force of darkness was still holding onto the Tyrant Titan's legs. As the Tyrant Titan's face was struck by the powerful blow, it immediately fell backward.

The Tyrant Titan's defense was quite shocking. It did not fall onto its back despite the strength of the force that struck it...

"Explode!" Mo Fan roared. The sparks in the air exploded as an enormous Rupture was detonated on the Tyrant Titan's face.

This time, the Tyrant Titan could no longer hold its ground. Its face was blasted into pieces as its body fell to the ground!

When the Tyrant Titan fell, the eyes of the people watching the battle widened.

How reckless was this Mo Fan? He even managed to punch the Tyrant Titan in the face, and actually knocked it to the ground!...

It was the Silver Moon Tyrant Titan! Perhaps even the Tyrant Titan did not expect that a petty human who was on his last breath could still wield such a strong force!

Han Ji and Zhu Meng were even more touched seeing how hard Mo Fan was trying. They immediately recalled Mo Fan's determination in the Space of Death. It had even impressed Super Mages like them, and today, they had witnessed it once again!

"He tried his best..." Pang Lai let out a sigh.

Pang Lai clearly knew how difficult it was to overcome the Starry Mountain Path. Mo Fan had made it to the final statue, and even knocked the Tyrant Titan to the ground once. He had really surpassed his limits.

"What are you doing?" Old Bao glared at Pang Lai when he saw the man walking toward the magic barrier.

"What can I do? Mo Fan's punch might be impressive, but it's all over once the Tyrant Titan rises to its feet," Pang Lai said.

"Who told you that the Tyrant Titan can still rise? Take a good look at it!" Song Qiming said.

Pang Lai was startled. He quickly stared ahead.

The Tyrant Titan lay on the ground. His body was twitching slightly. The force of darkness restraining him had disappeared, yet the Tyrant Titan remained on the ground.

Mo Fan's punch might seem powerful, but it was most likely a normal punch to the face, considering the Tyrant Titan's defense. Its head would spin a little, with some blood coming out of its nose, but it was nowhere enough to knock the creature unconscious just like that, yet it seemed the Tyrant Titan was having trouble rising to its feet!

"What...what happened there? Did the punch contain some other power?" Pang Lai asked immediately.

"Bola's poison is working," Song Qiming said.

Han Ji and Zhu Meng let out a relieved sigh, before their hearts filled with joy.

"Does that mean Mo Fan defeated the Tyrant Titan?" Han Ji blurted out in excitement. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Song Qiming nodded. He was smiling too!

-Well done, the kid actually managed to overcome the challenge of the Starry Mountain Path. It was harder than coming first in the World College Tournament!-

Pang Lai and the others were overjoyed, but the people of the Parthenon Temple on the mountain were wearing twisted faces!

Their Starry Mountain Path had just been overcome by a Mage in his twenties. The four incredibly strong statues were a symbol of the inviolable sacredness of their Parthenon Temple. It represented the authority of the Parthenon Temple, yet the statues had lost right in front of the crowd!

The Parthenon Temple had lost its dignity!

"Without that goddamned vampire's help, he would never have made it to the top, never!" Haylon yelled. It was quite obvious that the man was truly infuriated.

Great Muse Mellaura's expression darkened too. If the young man demanded to see Xinxia in person, the entire Parthenon Temple, including the Hall Mother, had to accept the request. It was definitely not a piece of good news to her!

"But he did overcome the challenge," Fiona rebutted.

Fiona had been with Xinxia for a long time. She had even met Mo Fan in Croatia previously. She was confused, as she never expected that the man would risk everything he had to challenge the Parthenon Temple. Most importantly, he succeeded! Would anyone ever do the same thing for her?

---

"I'm afraid I have become a most unwelcome being for the Parthenon Temple. You will have to proceed alone," Bola said.

Mo Fan nodded. He headed for the Mountain of the Goddess.

When he arrived at the Mountain of the Goddess, a huge crowd of the members of the Parthenon Temple immediately surrounded him. They were led by Haylon and Mellaura.

Mo Fan turned around and glanced at Pang Lai, Old Bao, Han Ji, Zhu Meng, and the others, and discovered that they had been stopped from entering the Mountain of the Goddess.

Mo Fan was fearless facing the people of the Parthenon Temple. Haylon harrumphed coldly and said, "Aren't you impressive?"

"I want to see Xinxia," Mo Fan had no intention of wasting his time.

"She's a prisoner, you are not allowed to see her," Mellaura said.

"I have overcome the challenge of the Starry Mountain Path, I can see anyone as I wish!" Mo Fan replied coldly.

"Great Muse, it's fine for him to see the girl, since he did overcome the challenge. Besides, the Saintess' Hall is guarded by ten Golden Sun Knights, and a Vice Hall Master is always on patrol. He won't be able to stir up any trouble," Muse Ciely said.

"Come with me, I'll bring you to the Saintess' Hall," Fiona immediately said to Mo Fan.

Mo Fan nodded.

"You two, follow him, just in case he tries to do anything stupid." Haylon sent two Silver Moon Knights to follow Mo Fan.

------

The Saintess' Hall was located on the spacious mountain top. Every grand ceremony was held here on the spacious mountain top, laid out like an enormous public square.

A platform made of white marble currently had a huge crowd on it. They consisted of Panijia's followers and her relatives. Half of the Hall of Knights and the Hall of Judgment were here, too. They were all wearing gray funeral clothing, as they were holding a funeral.

Panijia's belongings were stacked into a pile at the center of the platform, on a wooden boat built with the Blue Silk Sacred Wood. It was decorated with Panijia's favorite flower… Panijia's corpse was placed at the highest on the boat. It was facing the blue sky, dressed in a robe as white as snow.

The people gathered around the funeral in an orderly manner. The atmosphere was solemn and sorrowful.

"We just have to execute that vicious woman now, so that Panijia can rest in peace!" Panjia's Guardian Knight said furiously.

The funeral ceremony was coming to an end. The officials, Knights, Muses, and believers had taken turns performing the ritual. The last procedure was to cremate Panijia's remains, but obviously, they were going to wait until the execution of her murderer.

"This is the Stone of Guilt, the Holy Judgment Court has judged the woman guilty. She can choose to end her life herself, or choose to let us execute her," Dulanc, the Great Magistrate of the Holy Judgment Court, said.

"She killed a Saintess and committed such grave sins. We should exterminate her soul, how could we allow her to end her life herself? People of the Hall of Judgment, bring that woman that killed Panijia here at once!" Shawshank, the Vice Hall Leader of the Hall of Judgment, snapped furiously.

Shawshank was Panijia's father, thus he was surely the most enraged among them all. He even had the urge to dig out the heart of his daughter's murderer!

"Please wait. Someone just overcame the challenge of the Starry Mountain Path and has requested to meet Ye Xinxia in person. The ancient rule has to be prioritized. Let Ye Xinxia meet her close-one for one last time," the Hall Mother said.

"It's a sin to even let her live in this world for a moment longer!" Shawshank seemed extremely agitated!

"It's only for a moment, don't you want to stay with Panijia for a little longer?" the Hall Mother replied.

"Humph, I'll keep an eye on them instead! Who knows what the vicious woman is planning, just so the man could rescue her!" Shawshank retorted.

The others were amused by the words.

"You're being overly sensitive. No one in this world can rescue a person from the Parthenon Temple, not even Forbidden Mages," Yulowa, the chief of the Golden Sun Knights, declared.

"You all, come with me!" Shawshank ignored their words. He led two troops of Adjudicators toward the Saintess' Hall.

A troop of Adjudicators consisted of a hundred people. Shawshank was obviously overdoing it, leading two troops of Adjudicators with him!

"He's only an Advanced Mage, any of us could easily defeat him. He's quite talented to have overcome the challenge of the Starry Mountain Path. We should just let him bid farewell to Ye Xinxia in peace," Leonard of the Holy Judgment Court advised, seeing how tense the people were.

"Yeah, I feel that the evidence isn't solid enough to prove the girl is Salan either."

"But she did kill Panijia, that alone is enough to sentence her to death."

---

The Saintess' Hall was located to the south of the platform; behind it was a perfectly straight cliff. The place was protected by a powerful magic formation. No one was allowed to come closer or leave the Saintess' Hall.

The Saintess' Hall only had a single exit facing the spacious platform. The entrance had a long, gray carpet extending all the way to the center of the platform. The followers of Panijia stood on both sides of the carpet. They were waiting for the murderer to be taken out and brought into the open, just so they could toss black ears of grain covered in thistles at the murderer to vent their hatred...

Currently, at the entrance of the Saintess' Hall, Mo Fan was surrounded by a bunch of Knights and Adjudicators. They were extremely cautious, as they were afraid that Mo Fan was planning to intervene with the execution and the funeral!