Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1182:

The Trembling Citadel of Athens, Part One

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan glanced at the wound densely covered by the worms. He grabbed Xinxia and Blinked to somewhere safe before placing her down.

The clash between him and Hayla could easily destroy a small city. If Xinxia was too close to them, the energy could easily destroy her. After all, he was fighting against a Supreme Ruler!

Mo Fan quickly returned to the battlefield. He looked at the shocking wound on Hayla’s chest. It was unimaginable that the creature was still alive after losing such a huge chunk of its chest.

Mo Fan summoned blazing red flames and rode the tide of flames into the air.

The flames gathered toward Mo Fan and gradually turned him a fiery eagle the size of a cloud. The eagle let out a cry before diving at Hayla’s chest. The flames spreading from its wings set everything nearby aflame.

Black insects flew out like puffs of smoke, forming layers of defense. They were using their shells and dark auras to stop the flames from coming any closer.

The shells of these black insects stopped the flames from spreading. However, as Mo Fan’s flames reached a certain temperature, the flames began to melt the shells away, too...

Hayla roared and swiped its claws wildly, slicing the fiery eagle into multiple segments.

However, whenever the flames dissipated, the shadow of the Flame Belle Empress behind Mo Fan would brighten. More flames began to pour out of Mo Fan’s body. Their brilliance lit up the rain-drenched sacred mountain. The bloody mountain was brightly illuminated...

The raindrops evaporated in the scorching heat. The flames asserted their dominance over the area, charring the black insects to ashes.

The fiery eagle’s aura grew stronger. Hayla was no longer able to stop the flames. The flames pressed forward and dug their way into the hole on Hayla’s chest with a blinding explosion.

The fiery eagle penetrated the pitch-black body. The Calamity Fire spread wildly across the hole and burst out of Hayla’s back. The wild flames surged across Hayla’s chest, killing the worms. Their dried and burned bodies fell to the ground like raindrops.

Hayla cried out in pain. The attack made it to recall the humiliation it had received twenty years ago, when a human had managed to blast a hole in its chest and destroyed its heart. If the Ruler of Darkness had not replaced its heart with a filthy hive of insects, it would have died long ago!

Hayla bellowed. A thick black cloud loomed over the creature. Mo Fan initially thought the blow would deal significant damage to the creature, yet to his surprise, even more worms had appeared and filled up the burning hole.

The worms were using their bodies to extinguish the demon flames and fill up the wound. Hayla’s chest soon recovered, as if it was perfectly unharmed.

Hayla’s chest was crawling with black worms once again. Pang Lai, Song Qiming, and the others outside the Dark Execution Ground were astounded.

“Could they be the Dark Withering Worms, allowing the creature to keep recovering from its wounds?” Pang Lai asked. He seemed to have recognized the worms.

Song Qiming had a grim face too. He said in a deep voice, “It’s fine if they are the Dark Withering Worms, but it’s going to be troublesome if they are the Dark Undying Worms instead.”

—

The whole place was incredibly noisy due to the buzzing of the black insects. To make matters worse, these black insects would fly into the surroundings and devour everything they stumbled into.

The bricks on the street, the concrete of the buildings, the reinforced steel of the structures, the wooden furniture scattered across the place... the entire place was covered in debris from the buildings that Hayla had stomped on. Meanwhile, the clouds of black insects devoured it all like they were crops. Even the sturdiest material was gone in an instant. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The black insects bloated up after devouring the debris, and flew to the wounds that Mo Fan had inflicted on Hayla. Not only would the wounds recover in no time, the creature was also shrouded by a deathly light. Its skin was sturdier than the layer of insect shells covering it before!

The creature let out a deep breath, and a gust of death swept across the place. Mo Fan found himself in the middle of a chaotic storm. The color of his skin and his muscles began to change, as if a deadly poison was flowing across his body.

Mo Fan clenched his fists and crossed his arms in front of his chest. It summoned forth two giant silver arms in front of him, blocking the black breath.

He slowly skidded along the ground and eventually was forced back to the black barrier without noticing. He had reached the edge of the Dark Execution Ground. The strong breath of death continued to strike the dark barrier and spread to the area outside the barrier.

The area was empty, since the people had already been evacuated. However, as the black breath swept through the area, the buildings were covered in black dust. The buildings slowly vanished under the corroding power of the dust!

The barrier of the Dark Execution Ground was not impenetrable. Once a force surpassed its threshold, it could easily go through it. The people trembled in fear when they saw the black dust corroding the streets and the tall buildings...

They had no idea if there were people in the area who had failed to evacuate in time. The Holy Judgment Court was reckless, Summoning Hayla so close to the city just to put Xinxia to death quicker!

The Mages of Faith and Athens’ government were trying their best to reassure the people, telling them that the creature was under the control of the Holy Judgment Court. However, the people were still overwhelmed with fear when they saw the streets they lived in turning into black dust.

Anyone could tell how evil Hayla was. If the barrier was not protecting the city and the Dark Execution Ground, the creature would bring great destruction to the city. Countless people would die just so the creature could satisfy its lust for blood!

—

Up on the sacred mountain, Pamise looked feeble and worn out. She went to the observatory tower and glanced at Hayla, who kept unleashing the Dark Undying Worms recklessly...

“It has caused great panic in the Citadel of Athens. You have to put an end to it now, Izisha,” Hall Mother Pamise said helplessly.