Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1185: Brawling Hayla in Blood!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Hayla could not recover its power and heal its wounds without the energy provided by the Dark Undying Worms.

Mo Fan withdrew the flames around him. The shadow of the Flame Belle Empress was replaced by the Wolf Soul Shadow. Its strong aura of darkness spread across the Dark Execution Ground.

The Wolf Soul Shadow howled and leapt out of Mo Fan’s body, lunging at Hayla.

It swept its claws across Hayla fiercely, leaving wounds on the creature’s body. Viscous black liquid kept pouring out from the wounds.

Hayla attacked with his horns again, slamming them in Mo Fan’s direction. Mo Fan faced the creature head-on. More Shadow Wolves leapt out of Mo Fan’s body, forming an army that crashed into Hayla’s horns.

Both sides were using the power of darkness. The whole place fell into darkness as their forces collided. Mo Fan agilely weaved through the darkness and dashed toward Hayla’s position. He gathered his strength into his leg and kicked at Hayla’s waist!

Mo Fan’s kick fired off a black shockwave, slashing across Hayla’s waist!

The move only inflicted minor damage on Hayla. The creature turned and swung its claws fiercely. The claws were enhanced by the sealing force of the dark magic, and covered a much bigger area than they appeared to.

Mo Fan had already gotten used to the creature’s attacks, and was long prepared for this move. He dodged the claws in advance and appeared right in front of the creature.

The creature had lumps of meat poking out of its body. Mo Fan stepped on the meat lumps and made his way toward the creature’s chest.

Hayla realized what Mo Fan was up to. Its pores opened once again, and countless Dark Undying Worms flew out of...

Mo Fan was not to be outdone. Lightning burst out of his body and spread wildly across Hayla’s body. The black lightning arcs were as thick as dragons s as they coiled around the creature.

Countless Dark Undying Worms were killed instantly. The lightning also affected Hayla’s ability to move. Its upraised claw stiffened; it was struggling to bring it down. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

As the creature was paralyzed by the lightning, Mo Fan quickly took hold of the opportunity and reached Hayla’s chest.

The wound on the creature’s chest was like a hollow cave. When Mo Fan took the Dark Undying Worms out with his lightning, he could even see the dark sky on the other side through the hole...

Mo Fan went inside the wound. His hands were covered by shadowy claws. If fire and lightning alone were not enough to kill the creature, Mo Fan had no choice but to tear the insides of the creature apart with brute force!

Mo Fan ripped wildly with his claws, tearing a bigger hole inside Hayla’s chest. More Dark Undying Worms came out of the wounds as black liquid jetted out from them!

Hayla let out a cry of pain. It reached its claw inside its chest and dragged a chunk of its flesh and bones that Mo Fan was hiding between out!

Hayla’s claw was covered in black blood and rotten flesh. It felt like it had just pulled its organs out.

Hayla tightened its grab, trying to squish Mo Fan into pieces. However, it soon felt a tremendous pain from its chest again, as something had torn its chest even further open.

Hayla finally realized that it was holding a shadow puppet in its claw. The human was still somewhere in its chest...

Viscous, black blood poured out of the wound like a stream. Hayla stopped trying to dig Mo Fan out with its claw. It focused on controlling the worms in its body instead...

Mo Fan kept clearing a new path inside Hayla’s body. The claws of the Demon Wolf Supreme were the sharpest weapons, especially when tearing through the flesh of an enemy.

Mo Fan forcibly tore the wound apart, until it was twice as large as before. The creature’s blood kept pouring down like rain.

When Mo Fan was trying to look for the creature’s organs inside its body, a huge worm that could easily swallow Mo Fan with a single bite suddenly sprang out from the walls of flesh!

Mo Fan nimbly dodged aside but realized that the walls of flesh had turned into the same worms, surrounding him while inside Hayla’s body!Read more chapter on

Mo Fan immediately realized that Hayla’s body was made up of different kinds of worms. It could devour its enemies even when they were inside its body!

The worms were tricky to deal with. Mo Fan was already struggling to attack at will in the limited space. He decisively went out into the open and summoned the shadow of the Flame Belle Empress to burn away the worms that chased after him.

Mo Fan cleared a path and moved out of Hayla’s body, burning most of the worms along the way. The wounds had stopped recovering, as the Dark Undying Worms could no longer provide Hayla with the energy it needed!

—

The creature totally lost its calm. Blood kept pouring out from the wound, and it was now even bigger and deeper. It chased after Mo Fan while stomping and smashing across the place, determined to turn Mo Fan into pulp.

It was difficult to inflict any damage on Hayla, but Mo Fan’s tantrum inside the creature’s body had proven to be effective. The creature’s aura had obviously weakened after it started losing its calm.

However, Mo Fan was definitely not in a good spot, either. The creature was just too strong. The endless attacks kept leaving more wounds on Mo Fan.

Despite the difference in size, Mo Fan was using the shadow claws and basically brawling the enormous creature in close combat until one of them fell to the ground first!

—

Pang Lai, Zhu Meng, Song Qiming, Han Ji, and the others were all left in great shock as they watched the fight develop.

Hayla was easily one of the strongest creatures in the world. It was the ace of the Holy Judgment Court, yet Mo Fan, who was only an Advanced Mage, was able to take it on with the power of the Demon Element!

Both Zhu Meng and Han Ji could tell that Mo Fan was a lot stronger compared to his display at the Ancient Capital. It showed that the Demon Element grew stronger as Mo Fan’s cultivation improved. If Mo Fan achieved the Super Level, granting him eight Elements, wouldn’t that mean even Hayla was no match for him?

If the power of the Demon Element actually surpassed Hayla’s, the Holy Judgment Court was surely going to lose their authority!

None of them had high hopes of Mo Fan defeating Hayla, but it was clear that they had all underestimated the Demon Element, the exclusive Element that only Mo Fan had!