Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 1186: Crashing into Hell!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Black blood was pouring out of Hayla’s body. Lots of dead worms were falling off it. The death of the worms meant that Hayla’s life was draining away.

Hayla was made up of countless worms. The death of the Dark Undying Worms was a serious blow to the creature, and now its insides had been torn up by Mo Fan using brute force. Its wounds continued to worsen during the brawl against Mo Fan.

Hayla stared at Mo Fan. The creature suddenly turned and charged in Xinxia’s direction. A black pool appeared in the same direction it was running to. It was the tunnel connected to the world it had come from.

Hayla was aware that it was meaningless to keep fighting with the demonized human. It was planning to snatch its offering and return to the Realm of the Dead. If the man insisted on chasing after it into its territory, it would have grown a lot stronger by then. It would have no problem killing him!

Mo Fan was covered in wounds too. When he saw Hayla was rushing toward Xinxia, he realized how cunning the creature actually was.

He immediately had a bad feeling about it. He gathered all his might and rushed toward Xinxia.

The black pool grew quickly. The area around Xinxia turned muddy. Her legs slowly sank into the muddy black pool.

Hayla was sinking into the ground too. The black pool was connected to another plane. Hayla had disappeared quickly. Half of its body had already submerged into the pool!

Hayla turned around, as if it was laughing at Mo Fan’s stupidity.

It was not necessary for it to fight Mo Fan to the death. All it wanted was the delicious offering. Once it dragged the offering into the Realm of the Dead, it would still have control over the situation!

Mo Fan was hot-blooded from the fight. He had not thought Hayla would be so cunning.

Normally, a high-level creature would not allow any existence to provoke them. Hayla was called the God of Death of Greece, thus it was supposed to fight its challenger to the death instead. To everyone’s surprise, even Hayla was scared to brawl with Demon Mo Fan any further. It had decided to escape with its offering. This had never happened in the past!

—

The face of the woman watching over the city from the observation tower on the sacred mountain twitched furiously when she saw Hayla trying to run away.

Hayla was supposed to kill Ye Xinxia in the Dark Execution Ground, so that she could claim the Soul of the Parthenon Temple. If Hayla dragged Xinxia into the Realm of the Dead, the Soul of the Parthenon Temple would disappear from the world too!

Everything she had done so far would be in vain! Izisha’s nails were already sinking into her palm. Her hateful eyes were glaring at Mo Fan!

Her plan would have been absolutely perfect, if not for Mo Fan and the Black Totem Snake!

—

Hayla was utterly shameless; it was initially quite a distance away from Xinxia. Mo Fan had been keeping an eye out on her during the battle against Hayla, but the creature simply opened up a gate from a distance to drag Xinxia into the Realm of the Dead.

Xinxia kept sinking into the black pool. Only her neck was still above the surface, her body was fully sunken into the pool.

Hayla knew Mo Fan would surely come and rescue Xinxia. The creature forcibly intercepted Mo Fan, even though it meant receiving another strong blow from him. Mo Fan could not do anything apart from watching Xinxia being dragged into the Realm of the Dead.

Hayla let out an imperious cry, yet it sounded like a treacherous laugh to Mo Fan.

When Hayla confirmed that Xinxia had been dragged into the tunnel, it also started immersing itself.

It was very impressive that Mo Fan had managed to take on Hayla, yet it was almost impossible for him to stop the Greek God of Death from running away!

Seeing that Xinxia had disappeared into the black pool, Mo Fan swung his shadow claws at the remaining part of Hayla that was still above the black pool in rage. Black blood splattered across the place as pieces of flesh scattered...

However, it still did not stop Hayla from escaping into the black muddy pool, even though half its shoulder and its neck were torn apart by Mo Fan. It continued to return to the Realm of the Dead with a sneer!

In the end, both Xinxia and Hayla disappeared into the black muddy pool. The pool was quickly shrinking!

The pool was the only tunnel to the Realm of the Dead. Mo Fan felt like his heart had been dug out when he saw the black pool closing up.

He could no longer feel Xinxia’s presence in this world. He would never hear her calling him Brother Mo Fan in a gentle voice. He could no longer go close to her and smell her sweet scent, and see her innocent, pure smile, and her blushing face whenever he teased her...

Mo Fan had wanted to slack off many times whenever he was cultivating. However, whenever he came up with an excuse that there was no need to train so hard, he kept remembering Xinxia’s body, curled up in the fridge just so she could survive Bo City!

Their cruel world had already left the girl covered all over with cuts and bruises, let alone the Realm of the Dead under the black muddy pool. The demons there would be even crueler. Its chill would pierce through her bones and her soul. She would be tortured endlessly down there, and most importantly, she would be all alone!

No one knew what was in the Realm of the Dead. All they knew about it were mere rumors, since no one had ever come back alive. However, the more clueless Mo Fan was about the Realm of the Dead, the scarier his imagination of the place was. Perhaps it was a deep slumber, perhaps it was a place that was ten times, hundred times, or even thousand times scarier than the rumors had mentioned!

Either way, he had to stop Xinxia from ending up in the Realm of the Dead. She was the most innocent, kindest girl he had ever seen. A girl like her did not deserve such an ending.

He would find a cure for her legs and bring her to the most beautiful beach so she could leave her first footprints on the sand. He would then bring her up a mountain on a clear day with a starry sky, to show her the most beautiful things in the world.

Even when Xinxia was falling into the black pool, Mo Fan did not hear the girl say a single word. She was only looking at him from the distance. She was already aware that she had no chance of living. She was hoping to use her final moments to remember Mo Fan’s face, as he was her precious man. She did not complain at all. Her heart was fully occupied with contradicting thoughts; a reluctance to part ways, but knowing that her man had done all he could for her...

The more Mo Fan thought about it, the harder it was for him to accept it.

Mo Fan did not forget how Zhang Xiaohou had burst into tears and cried when He Yu sacrificed herself for him. He did not forget how much pain Xu Zhaoting was in, he wanted to end his own life by tearing himself apart when he killed his own girlfriend after being turned into a Cursed Beast. He clearly remembered how Zhan Kong had shown up at the Tianshan Mountain to keep his promise, even though he had turned into an empty shell...

The things he went through were carved in his bones and engraved in his heart. Mo Fan knew that even if Xinxia was gone, he could continue on with his life just like everyone else, but every night, every time he was lost in his thoughts, she would show up in his mind.

The person he loved should always stay by his side; he wanted to enjoy her pleasant laughter, her gentle touch, and her flirtatious fondling instead of grieving for her and living in endless regret!

“I will never abandon you, I will not forsake you!” Mo Fan yelled.

Blood-red tears rolled down Mo Fan’s cheeks. The girl that had always been at his side had never felt so distant before. The distance between them was no longer an inviolable sacred mountain, but the boundaries between the human world and the Realm of the Dead.

Mo Fan dived right into the Gate of Hell as it was about to close up. He allowed the black muddy pool to devour him as he bid his farewell to the human world.

——

“Mo Fan!”

“Mo Fan!”

Pang Lai, Han Ji, Zhu Meng, and Song Qiming stared at Mo Fan in astonishment, watching him diving into the Gate of Hell recklessly.

Asha’ruiya stood on the Black Totem Snake in utter disbelief.

Some people lived for their own sake. They set up evil altars that were stacked with dead bodies, and even with the ability to resurrect, their rotten souls and bodies were still disgusting as usual.

But this man was like a blazing sun, setting his spirit on fire in order to proclaim his beliefs!

—

Hayla disappeared. The Dark Execution Ground disappeared. The innocent girl that stirred the great storm in the Citadel of Athens disappeared, together with the demonized man that stirred up chaos for the sake of the girl...

The area where the Dark Execution Ground had been was beyond recognition. Not even a single corpse was left. The sacred mountain stood firmly amid the rain, yet when the sun came out eventually, the people would see their mountain of faith full of holes.

Song Qiming raised his head. Raindrops fell on his pale face.

It was like a cycle; Wen Tai’s death had brought great chaos in the past, too. Wen Tai was the Holy Saint, the man that could have led the human race out of the danger posed by the demon creatures.

This time, it was his daughter. Similarly, Mo Fan who possessed the Demon Element, could have become the greatest weapon against the demon creatures.

They had tried their best to protect Mo Fan, but they still could not avoid the game of life, nor could they make the choice for Mo Fan.

Who was the winner in the end?

No one!

When the human race weakened slightly, the threat posed by the demon creatures would grow stronger!

The final winner was actually the demon creatures that were preying on humanity!