Chapter 1230: Deserted by All

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The flames filled the sky and shattered the giant mouth of the centipede made of poisonous insects. The flames even devoured the Sandstorm Demon Locusts in the distance. Countless poisonous insects and demon locusts were burned into ashes by the wild flames spreading kilometers away!

The streets and the roofs were covered in soot. Mo Fan soared into the cloudy sky like an eagle declaring its territory the moment it spread its wings!

Shi Qianshou hid among the insects. They were his weapon and his armor, but half of them had already been killed by Mo Fan’s raging flames. He needed a significant time to Summon them back, and most importantly, he would need to expend a significant amount of energy!

Shi Qianshou’s body was a little scorched from the heat. He landed on the street that was covered in debris, nervous now. The remaining poisonous insects flew around him uneasily while buzzing annoyingly.

Mo Fan descended from the sky and landed on the street too.

Mo Fan laughed when he saw Shi Qianshou was injured. “Take a look at yourself, you are like a pile of manure circled by flies. Mmm, a disgusting pile of manure! You should just build a latrine pit and trap yourself inside it, so you can enjoy the rotten smell coming out of your bones and soul together with your insects!”

Shi Qianshou’s face twisted. He was a General, the future mayor of a city. Everyone was going to circle him, just like his insects. His power, his authority, his influence were nothing close to what Mo Fan had described!

“An imbecile like you will never understand. You will never match the contributions I’ve made in the west, even in a few lifetimes. The higher-ups are riding roughshod over us while we expand their territories. However, they didn’t bother leaving our names on the booming lands!” Shi Qianshou said with a twisted look.

“Do you really think the people are going to live peacefully in a city built on top of countless corpses?” Mo Fan said disdainfully.

“Isn’t every city the same?” Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

“Forget it, I’m more used to beating the crap out of a maniac than trying to talk some sense into them!”

“Says an Advanced Mage like you?”

“I’ve defeated those that were ten thousand times stronger than you! And besides, I really hate bugs!” Mo Fan did not waste any more of his time with Shi Qianshou. The two flames intertwined on his right hand, and gradually formed a sword of the Fire Calamity and Ardent Sunset!

The sword was engulfed in the two different flames. A ring of flame was circling around the enormous sword. Mo Fan could feel that the fiery sword was more than twice as heavy as it used to be. Most importantly, the sword felt very solid. It was no longer just a body of energy, but a real sword of fire!

Little Flame Belle was getting stronger. Even the sword she Summoned felt similar to a real magic Weapon. It was definitely perfect for Mo Fan, who was a fan of violence!

1He lifted his gaze to the ten-plus meter long fiery sword. Mo Fan believed it was necessary to change his habits. He should not keep throwing punches at someone’s face. He should act more gentlemanly, like a high-spirited swordsman that sliced things in half decisively and beheaded a jerk among scum like Shi Qianshou!

The Double-Flaming Fiery Sword slashed forward with a huge explosion. The entire street was filled with the destructive flames. The sword went right after Shi Qianshou, who was trying his best to back away. The buildings on both sides of the street collapsed to the ground. The street had survived the invasion of the Sandstorm Demon Locusts, yet it was razed to the ground by Mo Fan!

The sword was still intact, but it was too heavy for a single hand. Mo Fan held it with both hands and chased after Shi Qianshou. When he saw the man hiding behind a building, he brought the sword down heavily, despite the building that was in the way!

The flames spread rapidly from the sword. Shi Qianshou initially thought Mo Fan was going to stab, pierce, and slash with the sword, but the man had no clue how to use a sword at all. He was slamming it down like a hammer!

Shi Qianshou could easily dodge slashes of the fiery sword, since he could fly around with the help of the poisonous insects, but the heavy slams with a huge area of effect were giving him a huge headache. The rolling flames from each impact would burn some of his insects to death. Without the insects, his strength was going to decline significantly!

He could not help but admit that the Advanced Mage was a lot stronger than he had thought with the two Soul-grade Fires and the Fire Spirit Possessing him. Even his poisonous insects were greatly suppressed by the fires!

There were different ways of using the Poison Element. Breeding a huge number of poisonous insects was only one of them. It had abandoned the traditional way of casting Poison Spells, since the poisonous insects could be used both defensively and offensively. He could also transform the poisonous insects into creatures of different forms, similar to a Summoner. Usually, a Poison Mage using this method would be a lot stronger than a normal Poison Mage since they could do a lot more things in a fight. The only downside was that if they relied too much on the poisonous insects, they would find themselves at a huge disadvantage when facing someone like Mo Fan, whose fire was the poisonous insects’ nemesis!

Another kind of Poison Mages purely used the Poison Element to attack, harass, and torture their opponents. Shi Qianshou now wished that he was that kind, since he could easily corrode Mo Fan’s body away with a single Super Poison Spell!

However, the magic Armor that Mo Fan was wearing was a nuisance to deal with, too! It had absorbed all the poison that Shi Qianshou had unleashed. He could not help but wonder where the young man had gotten such a remarkable treasure from!

“Die!” Mo Fan detested the insects!

He slashed out, sending waves of flames surging at Shi Qianshou.

Shi Qianshou quickly backed away, controlling the poisonous insects to form a wall to stop the flames from hurting him.

The wasps were dying at an incredible pace. The flames were like starving wolves pouncing at the insects. They stood no chance against the flames of the Ardent Sunset!

The poisonous insects began to flee. They were overwhelmed by fear after witnessing the horrible deaths of their brothers and sisters. Shi Qianshou was hoping that the insects could buy him some time, but to his surprise, he saw the flames lunging at him as soon as the insects flew away.

Shi Qianshou had no choice but to Summon his magic Armor. It was obvious that Shi Qianshou was not a rich General, since his Armor was not high-quality.

Mo Fan was once on the national team. Every member of it was supported by factions or financial groups, so their equipment was among the best. Some even had luxurious equipment that was better than what a Super Mage owned. Shi Qianshou had most likely spent most of his savings on breeding his poisonous insects, so his gear was a little unpresentable.

His magic Armor managed to endure the flames, but Mo Fan believed it could not take any more hits. Shi Qianshou was done for once his poisonous insects were unwilling to obey his orders after they were overwhelmed by fear!

“Son of a b**ch, come back, come back here!” Shi Qianshou snapped furiously when he saw his poisonous insects fleeing.

The poisonous insects had to obey the orders of their master, but even the lowliest creatures would follow their instincts in front of death.

“You were inhumane toward your men, and now, even the insects most loyal to you have decided to betray you.” Mo Fan moved forward, glaring at Shi Qianshou whose poisonous insects were leaving him.

“I don’t need you to tell me how to use my magic!” Shi Qianshou’s eyes reddened like a devil’s.

The escape of the poisonous insects was a deadly blow to Shi Qianshou. Without them, it was extremely difficult for him to use his magic!

“If you didn’t treat them like that, these poisonous insects were more than willing to wrap around you to protect you by sacrificing their lives until the very last moment. I have seen many that tried to protect their master recklessly. You should reflect on how much of a scumbag you are. No one is willing to follow you anymore, not even the insects that you bred!”Mo Fan swung the fiery sword at the man without mercy.

The hit sent Shi Qianshou flying. His Armor had saved his life, but it began to crack apart too. It could endure a few more hits at most!

“Damn it!” Shi Qianshou rose to his feet. Not a single poisonous insect was left. The aura of his Poison Element was preventing the Sandstorm Demon Locusts from attacking him, but the Sandstorm Demon Locusts were the least of his concerns at the moment. His biggest threat was Mo Fan, who possessed two Soul-grade Fires!

The reincarnated Little Flame Belle had provided Mo Fan with some extremely powerful flames!

“Even if you’re stronger than me in here, I can still pinch you to death with a single hand out there!” Shi Qianshou rose to his feet.

He did not continue the fight with Mo Fan among the Sandstorm Demon Locusts. He covered himself in a poisonous mist.

He used the poisonous mist to force the poisonous insects to return to him. The poisonous insects soon gathered around him, back under his control. They lifted Shi Qianshou into the air and dragged him away from the Sandstorm Demon Locusts.

Mo Fan knew the man was planning to run away, but there was nothing much he could do if the Super Mage was serious about running away.

“Little Flame Belle, we can’t let him leave!” Mo Fan said.

Little Flame Belle summoned the burning feathers again to propel Mo Fan forward.

However, even though Mo Fan was incredibly strong in his current form and his temporary speed burst was impressive, he was clearly lacking in speed when traveling across a long distance. If he was still able to use the Shadow Element and the Space Element, he could easily catch up to Shi Qianshou in seconds!

Mo Fan chased after Shi Qianshou with all he had, yet the man was slowly getting away. He soon reached the outer ring of the Sandstorm Demon Locusts.

The effects of the noise grew weaker the further he was from the Sandstorm Demon Locusts.

“HAHAHA, I dare you to keep chasing. I will destroy you as soon as you set your foot out here!”

Shi Qianshou had left the tornado of the Sandstorm Demon Locusts. There were only a bunch of Sandstorm Demon Locusts patrolling the area. The noise they were making was nowhere enough to disrupt Shi Qianshou’s magic.

As a matter of fact, Mo Fan’s mind was no longer affected by the noise either, meaning that he could now use his other Elements!

The problem was, Shi Qianshou’s other Elements were most likely at the Super Level too! No matter how strong he was with Little Flame Belle’s double Soul-grade Fires, he still could not take on a Super Mage!

“Useless pricks, you will all die for disobeying my order!” Shi Qianshou stood on a sand dune. A strong wind suddenly blew and swept the sand around him into the air. The sand was spinning at an incredible speed!

The sand punctured the poisonous insects around Shi Qianshou. Their blood sprayed in the air like a mist. The sand had cruelly massacred the remaining poisonous insects in an instant!

Mo Fan’s heart was filled with rage when he saw Shi Qianshou killing his own poisonous insects that way!

This Shi Qianshou had so lost his mind; he was beyond redemption!