Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 126 - Dual Element is burning money!

Fire Soul?

Numerous of question marks emerged within Mo Fan’s head.

This appears to be a concept that school doesn’t teach?

Mo Fan couldn’t help but to gaze toward the Mrs. Tangyue who was extremely close to him.

Mrs. Tangyue has an extremely delicate oval face, her eyes was bright like electricity ran through it. Her tall nose seemed sexy, and her small, red mouth was fascinating. Her skin was fair white and ruddy, and despite her face being so close to him, he was still unable to find a flaw on her.

Mrs. Tangyue noticed Mo Fan’s lecherous glint, she harshly glared at him and said, “If you were to blaspheme a teacher in the past, you’d be beaten to death!”

“Sister Tangyue, please, currently, it is you who’s pressing me! Seducing a student in the past would result to being soaked in a pig basket!” Mo Fan said.

As Tangyue saw that person leaving, she finally let go of Mo Fan.

The second after she released Mo Fan, their figures once again emerged behind the trees. It appeared to be extremely strange.

Tangyue felt disinclined to blabber with Mo Fan, she knew that Mo Fan definitely did not know what a Soul is. In that moment, she also began to dispel his doubt as a proper role model, “The world produces elements. And these elements would also have different rankings depending on their environments. In some of the special areas, the elements are rather active, and as a result, it’d give birth to a Fire Soul. If this kind of Fire Soul was to be refined and absorbed by a Fire Magician, then the might of the Fire Magician’s spells would increase by multiple times!”

Increase by multiple times?

As Mo Fan heard this, he became excited.

Mo Fan had already realized that no matter which cultivation you are at, the casted spells essentially still have the same might.

For example, he is currently an Intermediate Magician. His speed in casting Primary spells is extremely quick, but its power was the same as other Primary Magicians.

The Fire Burst, Rupture which Xu Dahuang casts is not much different than the one which Mo Fan casts. This became a big problem for Mo Fan. In the Xuanhuan novels that he had read in the past, the other people’s might would increase along with their cultivation!

Mo Fan thought that the power of his spells would never increase, who would’ve thought that the thing that’d allow him to increase his power would actually be in this place!

Fire Soul!

Magicians have to go through absorption and refining of the elemental seed produced by Heaven and Earth to increase his own magic power. Furthermore, if it increases the power by multiple times…Does that mean it will be able to reach a power where Fire Burst; Rupture is capable of directly kill those Three-eyed Magic Wolf and Colossal-eyed Ape Rat?

The present Mo Fan’s body doesn’t have a Stardust to store his Mana anymore, but a Nebula. Casting ten or so Primary Magic for the current Mo Fan wouldn’t be fatigue him too much. Intermediate Magic’s ability in killing is indeed very strong, however, there’s no way they’d be using Intermediate Magic to kill the smaller ones as well. That way, he’d be wasting too much mana and energy!

The power of Primary Magic is obviously not on par with Intermediate Magic, however, the effects of the spells are something else. For example, Lightning element’s paralysis would be useful in any kind of battle.

“The most common kind of Fire Soul in the market would still reach up to 2 million, and there’d still be people fighting over it. I was wondering why this criminal would take risk and wander about, it seems like he was drawn out by this Fire Soul.” Mrs. Tangyue came to an understand the situation, and her ruddy mouth turned into a slight smile.

“Two…two million, oh my god. That amount of money could get me a large villa in the downtown of Shanghai.” Mo Fan subconsciously took a deep breath. This Soul is even more precious than Diamonds!

“I’m sorry, that still won’t be enough!” Tangyue gave Mo Fan a despicable glance.

Alright, the prices of real estate in Shanghai is just too excessive.

However, a small Fire Soul’s price can reach this kind of degree, this made Mo Fan feel very shocked.

Furthermore, this thing could directly increase the power of Fire Magic. Not only would Primary Magic receive an increase in its power, but even the Intermediate Magic would as well…

Just thinking about that unreasonable power of Fiery Fist… If the power of Fiery Fist would increase by double, then not only would it be able to directly kill those Minion class Magical Beasts, but even those Warrior class Magical Beasts wouldn’t be able to resist it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Oh right, I remember that girl Mu Ningxue had an innate something…” Mo Fan suddenly thought of something as he quickly asked.

It hadn’t been long since Mo Fan had gotten here, so there was a lot of knowledge that he needed to replenish.

“Mhm, other than the special elemental seed produced by heaven and earth, there’d be some people from those noble and ancient families where they’d innately have a soul of some sort. These people would awaken a few years earlier than normal people, and their awakened element would be much stronger than others by a level… Mu Ningxue should be an Innate Glass Ice Seed. It belongs to the strongest type of Ice within the Ice Soul Seeds. The power would be 2.5 times stronger than your normal ones. When someone like her uses Ice Spread; Cover, she could freeze anyone in a certain area within two seconds. Against a group of Magical Beasts, she’d be able to have twice the effect with half the work. Pairing that with the Earth Wave of Earth Element that can slow the movement of Magical Beasts, it’d be able to freeze countless of Magical Beasts.” Mrs .Tangyue patiently explained to Mo Fan.

Mo Fan gasped.

No wonder why that old scoundrel Mu Zhuoyun thinks of Mu Ningxue like a treasure, and why the entire Bo City refer to Mu Ningxue as the number one girl genius. This kind of Innate talent that allowed her to be stronger than others by 2.5 times truly makes her sweep past her peers. Furthermore, this girl awakened her element a few years earlier than others, her advantage was very clear. No wonder why she was directly recruited by Imperial Institute.

“Normal people indeed have no way to compete…” Mo Fan whispered.

Tangyue’s face revealed a smile as she said to Mo Fan, “Your Innate gift is also tyrannical. You have one more element than others. If we were to compare, then your Innate Dual Element would be much more favorable than Mu Ningxue’s. Element seed ranking could be increased through absorbing the seeds produced by Heaven and Earth. Having another one being produced is something you can discover but not sought for.

“Mrs. Tangyue, since you’re putting it like that, then I’m feeling better about myself.”

“There are also cons. This is because you use more resources compared to your peers. If you can’t increase your cultivation, and lack in resources, then you’ll be no different than an useless person. In short, your Innate talent burns money and resources.”

Corner of Mo Fans’ mouth twitched.

Mrs. Tangyue, if you stop rubbing salt on my wounds, then we can still remain a happy student and teacher.

The aspect of burning money is something Mo Fan have already experienced. When other people buy a Star Trail, they would at most spend around 50 000. When Mo Fan has to buy them, he’d need a Fire type and a Lightning type, making it 100 000 in total!

Furthermore, if we were to think about it in form of Soul Seeds… Then he can’t just get a Fire Soul Seed but it seems like he’d need to get a Lightning type too… If a Fire Soul Seed costs 2 million, then just what kind of level would that put a Lightning type?

Sh*t, this would mean I’d have to live in the rural area for the rest of my life!