Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1260: The Strongest Summoned Beast

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

"Move aside, will you? No wonder Mr. Su Lu never brought you with him. Your capabilities have explained it all. You will be stuck at the Advanced Level for the rest of your life. You will never become a Super Mage." The man leading the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds laughed sinisterly as he slowly approached the group.

The man had a strong baleful aura. Mo Fan could even pick up the scent of the dead from him.

The man was clearly human, yet he had a strong presence of the dead. It was either because he had murdered countless people, or he had been experimenting on the dead.

It was possible to acquire unimaginable power from the dead. Judging from the rotten smell from the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds, he could easily tell that the man had been feeding the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds human corpses!

People like him had done lots of evil acts, yet the Magic Associations could not find any evidence to prove they were refining the living and the dead to become stronger!

"This kid isn't as simple as he seems, Houndman. Don't you underestimate him," Zeng Guanglie moved to the side. He was seriously injured, and needed some time to treat his wounds.

"Don't worry, I know him better than you do!" The man referred to as Houndman approached Mo Fan. He inspected Mo Fan and said, "If I'm not mistaken, you must be the strongest participant in the World College Tournament. I really couldn't think of any other young Mage that might be as strong as him. You must be him, seeing how strong your Fire, Lightning, and Space Elements are."

"Finally someone that isn't blind. Why don't you piss off now that you know who I am?" Mo Fan burst out laughing.

"Don't be so full of yourself, the World College Tournament is just a child fight! Coming first simply means you are the strongest among students, but that might not be enough in this complicated society. I at least have a ten to twenty years head start compared to you, and I wasn't less talented than you at your age. Do you really think you can beat me? I have never lost to an Advanced Mage before now, and I have even fought against Super Mages," Houndman said proudly.

"With the two stupid dogs you have there?" Mo Fan raised his brows. He glanced at the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds tied down by the chains.

Mo Fan recognized the creature. After Mu Ningxue complained about how ill-informed he was, he had spent quite some time studying. There was a special group of Mages that had Awakened the Summoning, Curse, and Undead Elements. They could combine the power of the three Elements with some unique method to Summon creatures that were like the order upholders in the Summoned Beast Plane, the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds!

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds were the order upholders and predators in the Summoned Beast Plane. They were mainly responsible for cleaning up corpses and killing creatures that were disrupting the order of the Summoned Beast Plane. Most creatures targeted by the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds ended up dead.

"Don't you have a powerful Summoned Beast, too? Feel free to bring him out and try. If my Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds really are stupid dogs, I'm interested to see if your Flying Creek Snow Wolf is just a piece of trash!" The man seemed to be quite familiar with Mo Fan. He even knew the name of Mo Fan's Summoned Beast.

Mo Fan summoned the Flying Creek Snow Wolf without further ado.

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf was smaller than the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds. In addition to that, Mo Fan could clearly sense the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was intimidated by the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds.

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds were the last thing that the other creatures in the Summoned Beast Plane wanted to stumble into. The Flying Creek Snow Wolf subconsciously tensed; he naturally felt inferior before the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds.

"Do they really have such strong dominance over other creatures?" The reaction of the Flying Creek Snow Wolf had proven the information Mo Fan had learned from the books was accurate.

"HAHAHA, the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds are the rulers of the Summoned Beast Plane! Even if you summon a pseudo-dragon, it will still be afraid of my Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds, let alone your demon wolf that isn't that high-level!" Houndman burst out laughing.

"I've long been waiting a chance to fight these dark red b**ches when I read about the possibility of combining the power of the three Elements. It's been getting colder recently. I wouldn't mind eating some dog meat to warm myself up!" Mo Fan knew the Flying Creek Snow Wolf would not be able to help him much. He decisively sent him back to the Summoned Beast Plane.

He did not want to put the Flying Creek Snow Wolf in a difficult position after he was suppressed by the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds!

"You're being too overconfident. Go and tear his limbs off!" Houndman ordered. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The curse hoops on his wrists emitted an icy light. The chains restraining the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds fell off. Their glowing eyes stared at Mo Fan like spotlights. Their auras had skyrocketed as soon as they were set free. As their overwhelming presence of the underworld surged forward like a gust of wind, Mo Fan subconsciously took a few steps back.

The chains were obviously suppressing the strength and wild aura of the two Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds. After gaining their freedom, the two beasts immediately set their eyes on Mo Fan, and pounced at him. They were a lot quicker than Mo Fan's Flying Creek Snow Wolf.

It looked like the two Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds knew how to work together, as they engaged Mo Fan from both directions. The angle of their claws perfectly sealed off Mo Fan's escape. Their cursed aura could even freeze a weaker being in place.

"Eyes of Terror?"

"Heart-Tearing Blood Claws?"

The creatures had the power of the Curse Element. As such, as they were attacking Mo Fan, one immediately cast Eyes of Terror on Mo Fan to inflict fear on him.

Before Mo Fan could recover from it, the Heart-Tearing Blood Claws immediately came to take his life!

Mo Fan was shocked. The two creatures were a lot stronger than he had imagined!

"Rupture Fists!" Mo Fan's fists burned wildly. He would have difficulty Casting a complicated spell like Blink under the effects of the Eyes of Terror. Luckily, he was very adept at Casting Intermediate Spells!

The burning fists sprang forward and a huge explosion detonated in front of Mo Fan.

The damage of the explosion was nowhere enough to wound the two Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds. They ignored the explosion and the flames and continued to press forward.

Mo Fan knew it was unlikely he could drive the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds away with the move. He instead propelled himself backward with the force of the explosion, creating more distance between him and the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds!

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds were incredibly agile. One of them kicked the ground and pounced at Mo Fan after missing its first attack. It was trying to bite Mo Fan with its cursed fangs while Mo Fan was still moving backward in the air!

The fangs had a strong odor to them. They were blood-red, as if they were stained with the blood of prey that had just been eaten recently. Mo Fan lifted his gaze and saw the fangs of the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds were only inches away!

"Lightning!' Mo Fan quickly summoned a bolt of lightning.

A bolt of dark lightning swiftly descended from the sky, landing right on the face of the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound and knocking its head down slightly, allowing Mo Fan to barely dodge its fangs.

"Blink!" Mo Fan decisively used the Space Magic as he temporarily broke free from the effects of the Eyes of Terror.

A spell like Blink had a certain channeling time. It was more useful if one could Cast it quicker. Luckily, Mo Fan did not slack when it came to cultivating the Space Element. He soon finished constructing the silver Star Constellation!

A roar was came from another direction. The other Dreadful Curse Hell Hound opened its mouth and let out a rotten breath in Mo Fan's direction. It was like a black light beam directed at Mo Fan's Star Constellation. At the same time, Mo Fan disappeared into the rift and reappeared at the mountain's waist, where the trees were already burned into ashes.

Not far away, Yu Shishi broke into a frightened sweat. From her perspective, it looked like the corrosive breath had turned Mo Fan into a bunch of silver patches. Luckily, he had managed to teleport away from the danger. It was such a close call!

The two Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds had a keen sense of smell. They immediately picked up Mo Fan's scent as soon as he Blinked away.

They spread their muscular legs and dashed towards the mountain's slopes, pursuing Mo Fan relentlessly.

"Lightning Explosion!"

As soon as the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds showed up before Mo Fan, a huge lightning explosion took place as if the creatures had walked right into Mo Fan's trap. Thick lightning bolts danced wildly and knocked the two Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds flying.

"That's not going to hurt them at all!" Houndman laughed mockingly.

The two Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds quickly rose to their feet. The dark red runes on their bodies started to glow as countless cursed seals sprang at Mo Fan like black chains, forming a black pattern on the ground Mo Fan was standing on.

Mo Fan seemed incredibly tiny standing on the pattern. A Sealing force rose up from the pattern. It was so strong that Mo Fan could not even raise his finger.

"Blin...damn it, I'm trapped!" Mo Fan was slightly slower at Casting his spell. The Cursed Prison had bound him to the Cursed pattern, stopping him from using the Space Element.

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds grinned. They seemed very excited, as they could finally get their hands on their prey.

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hound that was moving agilely made its move first. It dashed across the burning woods...

"Don't kill him. Remember what I said, I only want his limbs! It's necessary to teach the arrogant young Mages a lesson. Otherwise, the young man is going to think he's unbeatable just because he won the World College Tournament, HAHAHA!" Houndman laughed recklessly.

Houndman did not dare kill Mo Fan after realizing who he was. However, he would not mind leaving the young man with a painful experience, considering how arrogant he was!