Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1261: Wind Snow Arrows

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The temperature dropped rapidly. Half of the fire that was still burning the woods was put out as white snow like feathers of swan fell from the sky. It soon turned the mountain white!

"Wind Snow Arrow!"

It was difficult to tell if the arrows were made of wind or snow. Either way, a huge rain of arrows suddenly poured down from nowhere at the two Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds.

Despite the sturdy flesh of the Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds, the fierce wind and snow still forced them to back away.

The Wind Snow Arrows landed right in front of Mo Fan, stopping the creatures from attacking the paralyzed Mo Fan.

Mo Fan knew it was Mu Ningxue as soon as he saw the falling snow. He raised his head and saw a glamorous woman hovering in the middle of the snow like a fairy. Her unique temperament and her attractive face made her look otherworldly.

Mo Fan quickly took hold of the opportunity that Mu Ningxue had bought him to break free from the Seal. He turned to Mu Ningxue and said, "These creatures are pretty tough, be careful."

Mu Ningxue nodded. She beat the six white Wind Wings on her back and slowly landed beside him.

Houndman squinted and took a closer look at the beautiful woman. He soon regained a flippant grin and said, "A beauty just like the rumors mentioned. I'm quite honored to stumble into two of the strongest students of the national team. This is starting to get interesting!"

Houndman had clearly recognized Mu Ningxue too. He did not seem to be worried about Mo Fan having a helper with him. His expression remained disdainful.

Mu Ningxue never liked to waste her time bullshitting with people. The fact that the place was destroyed beyond recognition was enough to show the man was not friendly.

"I'll deal with this one, you handle the other," Mo Fan told Mu Ningxue.

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hounds were remarkably strong. Mo Fan was having trouble fighting them on his own. The creatures were indeed tricky to deal with. It explained why they were called the strongest Summoned Beasts.

Mo Fan understood that it was not the time to act tough. They had to take the enemy out as quickly as possible.

Mu Ningxue nodded. She murmured softly. A brief moment later, ice chains quickly appeared and surrounded her completely. She was now able to control a few dozen ice chains simultaneously.

The muscular Dreadful Curse Hell Hound unleashed its strong murderous aura, as if it had decided on its opponent too. It pressed forward quickly, trying to limit Mu Ningxue's range of movement.

Mu Ningxue was incredibly fast, using the six Wind Wings to slide along the ground. The frost circling her would lunge at any threat nearby and freeze the enemy's limbs and body without her needing to control it.

The rotting murderous aura of the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound did help the creature resist the frost. It sprang forward and swung its claws fiercely. A few bloody slashes swept past, leaving astonishing gashes in the ground...

Mu Ningxue backed away to the mountain waist. She spread her Wind Wings and glided nimbly in the air.

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hound went down on its lower limbs. With a powerful kick, it sprang at Mu Ningxue at a crazy speed, planning to intercept her.

"Icebound Coffin!" Mu Ningxue completed an Ice Constellation. An Icebound Coffin huge enough to crush the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound fell from the sky and pressed the creature down to the ground.

The rotting aura spread rapidly. It was unlikely that the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound would be frozen so easily. As soon as its aura shattered the ice, the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound lifted its gaze as if it was about to unleash its breath on Mu Ningxue.

Mu Ningxue reacted swiftly, moving her fingers as if she was pulling some strings. They controlled the ice chains that she had long set up across the place, and they accurately wrapped around the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound's mouth like a rope. Its breath was stuck right in its throat, and it had no choice but to swallow it back!

It was obvious that the creature was not feeling great after swallowing the energy down. However, it was not the thing that worried the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound the most, as the remaining ice chains quickly wrapped around its head, neck, legs, and body. Their pointy tips stabbed the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound before nailing it deeply into the rocks with the other ends, making it extremely difficult for the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound to move around!

"Xuexue, let me finish it!" Mo Fan suddenly yelled.

Mu Ningxue turned around and saw Mo Fan, who was supposedly fighting the other Dreadful Curse Hell Hound, had surprisingly fled from the battle. He was targeting the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound that she had managed to suppress.

The agile Dreadful Curse Hell Hound was completely taken by surprise when it saw Mo Fan suddenly run to its other comrade. It was supposed to be a one-on-one battle, but the man shamelessly turned to attack its comrade instead!

Mu Ningxue and Mo Fan had fought their way through the World College Tournament. Their synergy was definitely on point. Mu Ningxue's magic was good at suppressing and controlling the enemy, yet in terms of destruction, Mo Fan's magic was clearly stronger. She would focus on restricting the movements of their targets while Mo Fan would deal the finishing blow. It was the most common tactic they had used against the Commander-level creatures they had fought against!

Mo Fan quickly moved toward the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound suppressed by the ice chains. Mu Ningxue also summoned an ice dune in no time to stop the other Dreadful Curse Hell Hound from intervening.

Mo Fan arrived in front of the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound that was bound to the ground. He leapt into the air and turned himself into a dark bolt of lightning, slamming right into the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound!

Mo Fan's reckless attack left a scorched hole on the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound's back. He ignored the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound's cry of agony and threw a Meteorite Fist right into the hole that he had just inflicted!

The force of the punch smashed the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound to the ground. Its blistered back was covered in blood after the explosion. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Little Flame Belle, Possess!" Mo Fan was not done yet. He placed his hand on his chest. The flames of the Ardent Sunset and Fire Calamity erupted and swiftly engulfed him in like armor.

"Sky-Flame Nine Palaces!"

Mo Fan threw a few punches fiercely. Nine thick pillars of lava fell from the sky and slammed right onto the Dreadful Curse Hell Hound that was still lying on the ground!

The Dreadful Curse Hell Hound could not even get back up to its feet. It was knocked into a pit over ten meters deep!