Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1305 Great Lightning Explosion

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Bronze-Fang Hillman was surprisingly patient. Mo Fan would strike without hesitation as soon as the creature started to make its move. To his surprise, the Bronze-Fang Hillman remained in its position even after the captain of the troop had moved past it. It seemed to be waiting for more prey to walk into its trap.

“It’s about to attack. I can hear its heartbeat speeding up,” Shao Ru warned Mo Fan.

“Did you hear my excitement rising, then?” Mo Fan smiled, before turning into a Shadow Bird that dissolved into the shadows of the leaves, and reappeared right behind the Bronze-Fang Hillman!

“Lightning Explosion!”

Mo Fan unleashed the Lightning Magic he had accumulated. Wild lightning arcs appeared after a shocking explosion of dark lightning. The overwhelming force disintegrated everything it came into contact with!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman did not expect the attack. Its hide blistered under to the terrifying lightning explosion, revealing a whole chunk of scorched meat. It looked utterly miserable!

“I told you I’d be back to get my revenge!” Mo Fan stared at the Bronze-Fang Hillman coldly.

It was obvious that this Bronze-Fang Hillman was the main leader of the horde of Hillmen. The creature was significantly stronger than the rest of the Bronze-Fang Hillmen, or the creature would not have been able to inflict serious damage on Mo Fan, who had quick reflexes!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman lost its temper as soon as it saw Mo Fan. It let out a furious howl.

It had failed to take out this human after losing so many of its underlings, and now the human was vigorous and lively once again...

It strongly believed this human was responsible for leading the humans straight to its den!

“Tone: Kill!” Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Shao Ru came down from above too. She quickly moved her fingers in the air when she saw a few groups of Hillmen approaching. She was moving her fingers as if there was a zither right in front of her. Each note she played would unleash a strong sonic wave, knocking the Hillmen flying, slicing their throats, or even producing a deafening sound in their skulls...

She acted very quickly. She was even more impressive than Nanyu when it came to using her Sound Element offensively. It was something that Mo Fan did not expect.

“Help me take out the small ones!” Mo Fan told Shao Ru.

“Got it!” Shao Ru’s impression of Mo Fan had improved slightly. She was willing to act in a supporting role.

The glowing tones swept forward in a dazzling display. The Hillmen that showed up did not stand a chance against Shao Ru’s attacks. Mo Fan could finally focus on fighting the Bronze-Fang Hillman after seeing how remarkable her strength was!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman was already charging at Mo Fan. The speed that the creature was moving at with its muscular limbs stirred up a fierce gust of wind, accompanied by an enormous pressure!

Mo Fan clearly felt the might of the Commander-level creature. Its presence alone was enough to make the legs of low-level creatures tremble. It could easily abuse its overwhelming presence to slaughter creatures that were weaker with ease. The aura could even suppress enemies that were as strong as itself!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman’s aura mainly consisted of its natural bloodlust after taking countless lives. Mo Fan would never allow himself to be in a disadvantageous position. He let out a roar to summon the lightning and establish the Lightning Tyrant Domain!

The Lightning Tyrant Domain and the fierce aura of the Bronze-Fang Hillman resulted in two opposing forces clashing into one another. The rapid flickering and smell of ozone in the air that symbolized the wild nature of the Lightning Magic was on equal footing with the aura of bloodlust that the Bronze-Fang Hillman possessed...

“Silent Deadly Ray: Lightning Arm!”

Lightning coils covered Mo Fan’s arms. He crossed his arms before himself as the Bronze-Fang Hillman was about to ram into him. The lightning flickering around him spread forward like a web and covered the area with high-voltage electricity...

The Bronze-Fang Hillman was very agile. It wove through the lightning arcs and managed to dodge those that were posing a greater threat to it. It even evaded Mo Fan’s Silent Deadly Bolt!

The intertwining lightning arcs and the crucial Silent Deadly Bolt failed to inflict any damage on the Bronze-Fang Hillman. It was obvious that the creature was no ordinary Commander-level creature!

BANG!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman kicked out after dodging Mo Fan’s lightning. The force of its kick propelled the flowing air in the opposite direction!

The kick was aiming right at Mo Fan’s waist. The power it contained could easily smash a living person to pieces of bloody flesh flying in the air!

Mo Fan swiftly turned into a shadow and moved a hundred meters away along the shadow of the tree. He could move freely among the shadows nearby...

A place full of shadows was the most ideal place for Mo Fan to fight, as it would make his movements nimble and untraceable!

The Shadow Element turned out to be the Bronze-Fang Hillman’s weakness. It was unable to locate Mo Fan right away. Even if Mo Fan was only using a low-level Fleeing Shadow that was not sending out a clone, the creature still had to wait for Mo Fan to show himself again.

Mo Fan could not afford to stay in the shadows, since he would not be able to use his magic when he was in the shadows. Mo Fan had come to get revenge. He did not come to play hide and seek with the creature!

Mo Fan came out of the shadow and stood there, accumulating energy for a huge attack.

The Bronze-Fang Hillman sprang forward instantly. Its explosive power allowed it to rapidly reach maximum speed, like a steel chariot charging forward. Its swiftness as it swept forward like the wind was just unbelievable!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman was well aware of the weaknesses of human Mages. They needed time to cast their spells, and the stronger the spells, the longer the Channeling. Therefore, as soon as it sensed the dangerous energy gathering, it decisively surged ahead, not giving the human any chance to cast his destructive spells!

Mo Fan chuckled when he saw the Bronze-Fang Hillman approaching rapidly. A dark shadow suddenly loomed over him.

Mo Fan’s figure faded away in the darkness. It felt like he had completely dissolved inside the area. The Bronze-Fang Hillman’s attack missed completely after it arrived in the area. It instantly felt uneasy at the darkness surrounding it!

Hillmen had a strong awareness of danger; the Bronze-Fang Hillman would not be afraid of normal darkness. It decisively turned around and fled the area.

“Giant Shadow Spikes: Sealing Magic Formation!”

The Giant Shadow Spikes were silent, and it was difficult to notice their presence, but if someone took a closer look at the rays of sunlight, they would discover that the rays were shattered into pieces by sharp black shadows. The deadly Giant Shadow Spikes had long formed a formation in the area, waiting for its prey to step into the trap!

The Magic Formation of Giant Shadow Spikes nailed into the Bronze-Fang Hillman to restrict its outstanding movement speed. It was a critical blow!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman had outstanding strength and speed, but its defense was relatively average. Mo Fan had set up the Nyx Regime to impair its movements. He would treat the rare chance he had bought himself preciously to take revenge on the creature that had ambushed him last time!

“Lightning Explosion!”

Mo Fan had plenty of time to prepare his attack. The dark Magic Formation was very effective against the Bronze-Fang Hillman. He needed time to cast a Lightning Spell strong enough to blast the crap out of the Bronze-Fang Hillman.

Since he only had the Rose Flame for the time being, his Fire Magic was nowhere strong enough to handle a battle at this level. Mo Fan had decided to utilize the full potential of his Lightning Element!

Lightning strikes fell densely from the sky and landed on Mo Fan.

Mo Fan’s hair was standing upright as he stood in the middle of the wild lightning strikes. His body reflected black light, as if it was forged with lightning. The spectacular sight left Shao Ru astonished...

“Is that the same spell he used to defeat Zorro?” Shao Ru recalled the spectacular fight during the World College Tournament in Venice. She was one of the spectators back then, and just like everyone else, she thought Mo Fan was surely going to lose the fight. To her surprise, Mo Fan hit himself with lightning strikes to overload Zorro’s unbeatable Chaos Element.

Mo Fan had accumulated an unknown level of Lightning Magic. It felt like the energy was able to raze the whole place to the ground at any second...

“Giant Lightning Explosion!” Mo Fan yelled, and fired two Silent Deadly Bolts. The dark lightning rays crossed paths at a certain point. It felt like the air nearby was being sucked into a black hole. A marvelous lightning dragon soared into the sky, setting off a huge explosion that spread outward like a glowing ring!

The sound of the blast came after a brief moment of silence. The fallout lasted for a long time. As the strong gusts of wind swept in all directions, the dust the explosion stirred up blanketed things a great distance away from the center...

Countless Hillmen were knocked flying by the huge explosion. The Bronze-Fang Hillman right in the middle of the explosion had clearly felt Mo Fan’s wrath this time. Not only was its body covered in wounds, half of its body was missing!

The Bronze-Fang Hillman only had a bloody head and the right half of its body left, the bones and organs exposed in the air. The other half of its body was nowhere to be seen.

Shao Ru was intent on taking out the rest of the Hillmen, and turned around. She was utterly shocked after witnessing the destructive power of Mo Fan’s Lightning Spell.

How was it possible for his Lightning Spell to be that strong? Was that lightning only from a Soul-grade Seed?

The vitality of Commander-level creatures was superior. Even a few destructive Advanced Spells executed with Soul-grade Seeds were unlikely to inflict any serious wounds on a Commander-level creature. Even if the Bronze-Fang Hillman did not have an outstanding defense, it still did not make sense that a single Lightning Spell could blast half of its body away...

It seemed like Mo Fan’s Advanced Lightning Spell was only in the first-tier, too, yet the spell had almost killed a Commander-level creature instantly. He was not just a Mage, he was a monster!

“Is that the Blessing of the God’s Seal? Did you apply it to your Lightning Element?” Shao Ru exclaimed as a sudden thought crossed her mind.

Mo Fan did not expect Shao Ru to be so familiar with the details of the World College Tournament. He nodded and said in a serious tone, “I’ll need to catch my breath. Keep an eye on it for me, it’s not dead yet.”

The Bronze-Fang Hillman was still able to move even after losing half of its body. Most Commander-level creatures had the ability to flee for their lives as long as they were still breathing!

Shao Ru immediately cast a Demon Tree Hand to trap the Bronze-Fang Hillman that was trying to run away.