Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1386 The Army of the Underworld Crashing into the Great Wall

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Look, a fire pillar!”

“What is that... Why do I feel like something enormous is approaching?”

A fire pillar rose into the sky to the east of the Northguard Fortress. Its blinding light stood out in the night sky that was being gradually overwhelmed by the presence of death. Everyone in the Northguard Fortress could see it.

Meanwhile, around ten kilometers away from the Northguard Fortress, where one end of the Great Wall stopped, an ancient keep emerged from the ground and connected with the Wall. It extended the line of defense across the horizon!

Commander Ye Hong was in charge of the second segment. It extended the Great Wall to a length of seventeen kilometers, forming an enormous dam under the night sky!

“There’s another one!”

“It’s a part of the Great Wall too!”

Another fire pillar rose into the sky in the west, raising a glimmer of hope for the people amid the great despair. The flames burned vigorously in their hearts!

The third section connected with the Northguard Fortress, standing firm despite the trials and hardships it went through. It was as magnificent as a massif. It once again left the people in the Northguard Fortress in astonishment. They initially thought their ancestors had only left them some segments of broken walls and abandoned fortresses, but it turned out to be an inviolable Wall with the might of Heavens. It was truly shocking when it regained its true appearance!

The fourth segment soon emerged from the ground, extending the line of defense to twenty-nine kilometers!

The heavenly dam’s height stayed between fifty to eighty meters, but it was over twenty meters thick, and its length had reached almost thirty kilometers!

Most importantly, there were a few sections that had not recovered yet. The majestic Great Wall that had only recovered half its true length was already setting up an indestructible line of defense in the hearts of the people, who had been on the verge of being overwhelmed by despair when facing the huge army of undead!

They had to retain their will to fight to stand a chance against the enemy. If they already lost their will, they were nothing but a sheet of loose sand, regardless of their numbers. Their hearts were burning as fiercely as the Magic Fire Beacons upon witnessing the Heavenly Defense Stance of the Great Wall. They would fight until the end, without turning back!

Two deafening sounds were clashing in the vast North Valley. One was the heavy stompings of the army of undead, crushing everything in their way and razing everything to the ground. The other was the loud rumble as the ancient Wall was rising and establishing the impenetrable dam along the horizon. If anyone glanced down from high above, they would see a black tide brimming with despair charging at a mountain dragon that was spreading its wings! The sky and ground might even collapse amid the destruction that was about to take place!

The Battlemages made their way up to the heavenly dam. The spacious Wall could easily hold countless numbers of Mages. Unfortunately, they did not have enough soldiers to fill the dam!

They could only see an ocean of filthy undead wiggling and squirming. The eerie sight completely filled up their eyes and almost made their heads explode. They suddenly felt like their bodies were jerking, as if they were being bitten all over the place!

“Can...can we...can we really stop them...”

“We won’t live for more than a second without the Wall!”

“I’m trembling so much that I can’t even control a single Star!”

The Northguard Fortress had become the first target of the army of undead. The magnificent Wall received the first attack from the enemy’s vanguard troops, and shook hard from the impact. Several cracks appeared on the surface of the Wall and continued to spread like spiderwebs!

The Wall was not invincible. It had a resistance threshold, too! A strong enough force would still cause it to break and collapse. The soldiers were struggling to stand still on the Wall after the impact. The courage that they strenuously gathered after seeing the magnificent Wall dissipated once again when facing the ocean of twisted flesh under the Wall.

The Underworld Executioners had reached the wall. Their skeletal horses were smashed into mincemeat after ramming into the Wall. Their remains splattered across the Wall and the ground like mud.

The thousand Underworld Executioners and their Corpse-Horned Horses did not have a chance to slow down at all. A massive army of undead was advancing behind them. They could not afford to stop halfway, being the vanguard troops. As a result, lots of blood and flesh continued to splatter across the wall, while their bones and limbs scattered after crashing into the Wall at an insane speed!

More cracks surfaced on the majestic dam. The front layer had started to peel off and collapse. On the other hand, many of the undead army’s vanguard troops had been crushed into pieces. They initially did not treat the Wall seriously; they assumed they could easily ram any Wall into pieces, considering how sturdy their bones were. They could even smash a rocky mountain to pieces, let alone a measly wall.

To their surprise, the awakened Great Wall was sturdier than they thought. They had only managed to break the outer layer of the Wall after thousands of Underworld Executioners rammed into it!

Bodily fluids poured across the place, and formed a morass along the perimeter of the Wall. It was shocking, extending beyond their range of vision...

The Wall was beyond magnificent. It was so long that not every spot could be stationed by soldiers. There were only eight troops of soldiers on the wall, spread across the eight Magic Fire Beacons on the ancient passes. The creatures of the Underworld almost filled the entire valley across the line of defense. Countless undead continued to smash into the wall, crushing their bodies to pieces and their blood splattering everywhere. The swamp of blood and flesh was flowing like a giant river!

Half of the Underworld Executioners were dead. Their numbers were so shocking that they were like a school of fish ramming into shoals. Their only fate was to become a part of the never-ending pool of blood.

The majestic dam was gradually covered in cracks after the continuous slamming impacts. Luckily, each Magic Fire Beacon was still receiving the Earth Fountain Spring Water. They could still modify the length and height of the ancient Wall to replenish the parts that had collapsed!

The Wall was already shaking from the first wave of undead. The small cracks eventually turned into huge cracks and holes across the barrier. The speed of the Earth Fountain Spring Water was struggling to keep up with the rate of destruction to the Wall!

“Another vanguard troop left, we must stop their riders at all costs. Otherwise, we will be done for!” the Prophet yelled.

The Underworld Executioners were not the biggest of the vanguard troops of the undead army, they were only the quickest. The species posing the greatest threat to the Wall was the Twin-Bodied Demon Cows. Not only were they massive, their strength greatly surpassed that of the Underworld Executioners too! Everything they stepped on would simply turn into dust.

“They are coming! Geomancers, you must hold your ground!. When you think you are at your limit, when you are on the verge of giving up, think about our people that are still evacuating. Their bodies don’t even have a thousandth of this wall’s sturdiness. We must clench our teeth and stand our ground, since we are the only ones they can rely on!” the Prophet’s voice spread through the Magic Fire Beacons.

They had eight Geomancers in total. Each of them received a tremendous impact to their soul when the Underworld Executioners rammed into the walls. The segments of the Wall they were stationed at were like parts of their soul right now. The damage the Wall received was proportional to the impact on their soul!

Their will played an important role. The stronger their will, the sturdier the Wall would be. As long as they remained standing, the Wall would not fall!

—

The Twin-Bodied Demon Cows finally arrived. Their massive bodies turned the tide of undead into a terrifying tsunami. The front of the wave consisted of thousands of pairs of menacing heads atop the bodies of demon cows in various sizes.

The Twin-Bodied Demon Cows were not only destroying the ground with their stomps, but even crushed the Underworld Executioners who had fallen unconscious after crashing into the Wall into juices, laying a shockingly viscous and bright-colored carpet through the valley.

Loud collisions were heard in the distance first. The sound of the massive creatures slamming into the Wall echoed like the deafening explosions of fireworks on New Year’s Eve.

A series of rapid explosions followed, which further increasing the fear lingering in the hearts of the soldiers!

The Great Wall was shaking like never before. The soldiers could not even stand properly, and began to fall as the walls collapsed!

“General Bin Wei!” the Prophet stared at the successor of the ancient Wall in astonishment.

The walls had begun to collapse. If the center of their defense was the first to fall, the other segments would have no chance at all.

General Bin Wei had a defeated face.

Taking down the Northguard Fortress was the priority of the army from the Underworld. It was the only obstacle stopping their army from entering the vast North Valley. As a result, the number of Twin-Bodied Demon Cows gathering in front of it was the highest, including those over forty meters tall. They had almost reached half the height of the walls. The impacts of these enormous creatures slamming into the Wall was utterly terrifying!