Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1401 Demon Mo Fan Versus Fake God of Death

Translated by XephiZ Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Edited by Aelryinth

Raging flames surged through the clouds and soared into the sky. The Cold Prince, still in the form of a ghastly monster with horns, cried out in agony from amid the flames. His face twitched continuously in pain as his third eye fired a destructive ray at Mo Fan.

The Beam of Destruction was extremely dense, and could easily slice through the solid ground. It rapidly approached Mo Fan as he was unleashing his flames.

Mo Fan seemed to waver, leaving an afterimage on the spot. He appeared in front of the Cold Prince the following second. His long hair drifted in the wind like a cape dancing behind him. His face, covered in demonic runes, had an evil grin!

His demon blood became even more restless as the fight went on. Fighting at close quarters was the most enjoyable thing for the demon!

The Cold Prince was not as weak as Mo Fan had imagined, giving Mo Fan more opportunities to shatter the Cold Prince’s petty beliefs!

Strange slits were seen across the Cold Prince’s body. These arrises snapped open, revealing twisted faces in pain. These faces flew into the air and surrounded Mo Fan. They were going to devour him alive!

“Ten Thousand Feathers!”

Mo Fan hovered in the air. A pair of magnificent flaming wings erupted on his back.

The wings were each over fifty meters long, as long as the Great Wall was high. The wings turned into thousands of feathers flying at the twisted, ghastly faces. The explosions blasted the faces to pieces, preventing them from coming any closer to Mo Fan.

Demon Mo Fan dove right at the Demon-Horned Cold Prince at full speed, reaching the Demon-Horned Cold Prince’s chest in the blink of an eye.

“Fiendish Night: Shadow Strike!”

Mo Fan surprisingly vanished into thin air. The area was shrouded by thick darkness in the following second, shrouding the Demon-Horned Cold Prince within it.

The Demon-Horned Cold Prince was acutely aware of the approaching danger. He quickly fled, moving six hundred meters away.

However, Mo Fan’s Fiendish Night specialized in tracking down its target. Its capabilities had improved significantly under the effects of his Demon blood!

Thick chains of darkness appeared and constructed an ancient Dark Execution Ground. The chains and cangues trapped the Demon-Horned Cold Prince and prevented him from moving any further!

Twenty-four enormous demon shadows stood within the Darkness Domain surrounding the Demon-Horned Cold Prince. Each of them was thrice the size of the Demon-Horned Cold Prince, like shadow titans. They were all holding shadow axes. Their outlines somewhat resembled the Cold Prince’s current appearance. They looked like demon shadows that had come out of the Demon-Horned Cold Prince’s body, and were about to deliver punishment to their original entity!

Two dozen black axes swung down simultaneously. The formidable energy surged through the darkness like a raging storm. The Cold Prince cried out in agony as twenty-four cuts were left on him by the overlapping shadow axes!

The wounds inflicted by the shadow axes were incurable. The Cold Prince struggled wildly, but he could not break free from Mo Fan’s powerful shadow binding. There was nothing the Cold Prince could do, apart from suffering continuous slashes from the shadow axes!

The fight between Mo Fan and the Cold Prince was visible from a great distance away. After all, all the creatures of the Underworld in their vicinity had burned into ashes already. Tall Sparrow, who was leading the members of the Black Vatican, was in disbelief when he saw the Cold Prince being tortured by his opponent!

Tall Sparrow had experienced how unstoppable the Cold Prince’s power was. All the great powers of the Black Vatican might struggle against the Cold Prince when he was in his current form, so why did it feel like the Cold Prince did not even have a chance to fight back? Shouldn’t his opponent be the one that was crying out in agony instead?

“I will shred your flesh and tear your soul into pieces!” the Cold Prince screamed furiously.

The pain eventually eased when the Cold Prince’s heart exploded with anger. He lunged toward Mo Fan and swung his eerie-shaped claws fiercely. Three sharp blood-red slashes swept across the air. They were so quick that most people would not even see them!

Mo Fan leapt backward. Three shocking gouges appeared where he was standing previously.

The slashes kept coming rapidly. It was difficult to see them. The onlookers only saw wild blood-red flickers of light all over the place. The only clue to how deadly the claws were was the gashes being left all over the place!

Mo Fan dodged continuously. Meanwhile, the Cold Prince seemed to have gotten lost in swinging his claws around wildly. He kept laughing while making his move, a monster that had lost its human nature.

Mo Fan suddenly came to a stop after a time. His blood-red demon eyes had recognized a certain pattern to the wild attacks. He stomped the ground, turning himself into a black bolt of lightning, weaving through the slashes at unbelievable speed and angles!

The Cold Prince’s third eye widened. He did not expect his opponent to be able to weave through the slashes. On top of that, he was shocked by the formidable power that bolt of lightning contained!

The lightning surged like a dragon and landed on the wounds left by the shadow axes. As it did, lightning chains descended rapidly from the thick clouds in the sky!

Lightning poured down like rain, and kept on blasting the same area. Not only was the Cold Prince’s chest penetrated by Mo Fan’s lightning, he had to suffer the judgment from the God of Lightning that Mo Fan had long prepared for him!

Lightning bolts struck wildly. Their numbers were insane, and they came in different forms. There were chains, webs, claws, and beams. Countless undead were caught by the lightning and turned into scattered ashes and dispersing smoke.

How many creatures could possibly endure the power of such overwhelming lightning?

The God of Death in Greece, Hayla, might still have stood a chance against Mo Fan, and the Sphinx who was watching the fight from the distance might be able to take Mo Fan on. But the Cold Prince, even Possessed by his evil faith, was clearly not at their level yet!

The transformation did indeed grant him remarkable strength, but lies were still lies, after all. There was no such thing as evil faith. It was just the hatred and fear collected with the Curse Element. It was nowhere enough to make a person a god, if Demon Mo Fan could wreck him so easily!

The Cold Prince’s skin was shredded by Mo Fan’s lightning. His flesh was badly mangled.

One was suffering from serious injuries, while the other was perfectly unharmed. It was easy to see who had the upper hand in the fight. The people of the Black Vatican began to feel doubtful after witnessing the fight!

The army of the Underworld was struggling to break through the Great Wall. The Cold Prince that they worshiped was being badly beaten up by an unknown existence that had appeared out of nowhere. The thing that had actually been driving them since the very beginning was their greed and selfishness. Why would they bother worshiping a fake God of Death?

===========

Editor’s Note: Yes, arrisses and cangues were completely new words to me, too.