Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1404 Strongest Psychic Breakdown!

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

It was obvious that the Red Scorpion Gorgons were not much stronger than the Underworld Monarch Frogs. The three Red Scorpion Gorgons were not strong enough to take on Mo Fan.

Scorpion Lord Medusa was infuriated . Her three most reliable subordinates did not even have a chance to fight back. The experts of the Great Pyramid of Giza were here in the valley. How could the Gorgon Tribe bring shame to Osiris’ name?

Scorpion Lord Medusa moved forward. Her legs were as sharp as knives. Her scorpion body was not like a normal scorpion; her front limbs were strong and muscular, lifting her humanoid upper half up high, showing off her imperiousness as a Ruler-level creature!

The snakes on her head hissed as they danced about. They would lunge forward when they saw their prey. They wanted to devour every living thing they saw!

Scorpion Lord Medusa walked up to Demon Mo Fan. The huge group of scorpion men behind her swiftly surrounded them both. Scorpion Lord Medusa did not allow her men to take turns attacking Mo Fan. She only asked them to surround the place in a dueling ground a kilometer across!

Scorpion Lord Medusa had her pride. Since she was entrusted to be the vanguard of the army, she would have to defeat the enemy stopping their advancement on her own!

The Sphinx let out a discontented cry, warning Scorpion Lord Medusa not to waste too much of their time!

They had only just crossed the collapsed Wall; they still had to leave the Northguard Fortress. The whole army of undead was waiting to enter the North Valley. Scorpion Lord Medusa’s stubbornness would only buy the humans more time to run away!

Scorpion Lord Medusa completely ignored the Sphinx’s warning. She had obeyed the order to fight as the vanguard, so she would be deciding how to fight!

The Sphinx was annoyed. He had no intention of watching Scorpion Lord Medusa challenging the human blocking the path of their army to a duel. He ordered the Dark Serpent Mummies to move out, too.

The Dark Pharaoh of Serpents was not too fussy about rules or principles. He simply walked out past the scorpion men, followed by his Brutal Sword Death Servant escorts.

Scorpion Lord Medusa ignored the Dark Pharaoh of Serpent’s existence. She proceeded to attack; her sharp legs stabbed fiercely, leaving holes across the area, chasing after Mo Fan. She had only lifted her front limbs, yet it felt like thousands of steel spikes were diving him. There was nowhere to hide at all. He had no choice but to jump into the air!

Scorpion Lord Medusa was extremely quick at locking down her target. She lifted her eyes while the snakes on her head extended forward and bit at Mo Fan, sealing off his escape!

“Blin...” Mo Fan realized he had nowhere to run to. He was just about to cast the Space Spell when a pair of enormous eyes appeared below him.

Mo Fan was currently at a height of around five hundred meters in the air. Scorpion Lord Medusa’s eyes had a diameter of one meter. However, when Mo Fan looked down, he saw a pair of eyes covering a distance of over a thousand meters.

Thousand-meter wide eyes?

Wouldn’t that mean Scorpion Lord Medusa had suddenly grown to a length of over a hundred kilometers?

Impossible!

The eyes were right below him. He could not escape their stare no matter where he moved to. He was tinier than a flying insect, and he had no chance of running away from the stare!

The snakes lunged at Mo Fan and bit him. The fangs injected a deadly poison into Mo Fan, trying to paralyze him. Even his blood stopped flowing!

The snakes quickly rolled around Mo Fan and dragged him down from the sky. They were planning to bring him back to Scorpion Lord Medusa to slowly enjoy his flesh. Scorpion Lord Medusa’s cultivation would improve further after devouring such a powerful human Mage!

The Dark Pharaoh of Serpents seemed discontented after seeing Scorpion Lord Medusa taking out the enemy with a single move.

However, he was not surprised by it. Scorpion Lord Medusa’s stare had always been one of the deadliest attacks in the world. Even the Sphinx would not dare to face it directly, let alone a human...

—

Mo Fan’s mind was overwhelmed by fear. The enormous eyes were imprinted in his thoughts. He could still see them even when he closed his eyes.

The massive eyes were like a deep chasm that he kept falling into. It felt like he was falling endlessly into eyes filled with darkness. Even someone as fearless as Mo Fan was struggling to resist them!

He could no longer feel his body. Thousands of snakes were curling around him above the bottomless chasm, dragging him into a Hell of no return.

Mo Fan lifted his gaze and saw the last glimpse of light through the little gaps between the snakes fading away into the distance. It was as far away as a star in the sky...

Scorpion Lord Medusa’s stare...

He knew the fear was being inflicted by the eyes, yet he was still struggling to overcome it. The eyes felt so real that he began to doubt himself. Why did he even bother fighting the Underworld army? He could not even defeat Scorpion Lord Medusa, who was only one of the Underworld rulers, let alone the entire army! Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Scorpion Lord Medusa’s stare was a truly mighty psychic attack. Mo Fan’s weakness had always been his mental strength, whether he was in the demon form or not. Scorpion Lord Medusa was not as strong as the Greek God of Death, Hayla, but if he could not overcome her stare, it did not matter if he was stronger than Scorpion Lord Medusa!

Two aqua light rays appeared simultaneously. One was light blue, like the water of a mountain spring, and the other was darker, like the obscure color of the ocean...

The two light rays were extremely faint. The former was from the Focus Necklace that had saved Mo Fan’s life many times, helping his mind to remain calm at all times. It was a gift from Dean Xiao. Mo Fan wore it all the time, since he knew Psychic Magic was his greatest weakness.

The other light ray was from the Ring of Venice. The ring would activate on its own, forming a water barrier when the person equipping it was in danger!

If Scorpion Lord Medusa’s stare was like an ocean beneath a black storm, the two light rays were like a little raft floating upon it. The protection they were providing was almost negligible compared to her power. The two pieces of Magic Equipment were clearly not on the same level as Scorpion Lord Medusa.

The ocean blue light ray shattered into pieces after reaching its limit. Mo Fan clearly remembered the look on Mu Ningxue’s face when she put it on his finger. Her eyes clearly hinted that she had lots of things to say, things that he had been anticipating, and things that he never had a chance to touch upon...

—

Scorpion Lord Medusa’s reptilian locks intertwined. They could not wait to crunch and gnaw at Mo Fan and turn him into a pile of bones. However, a small sparkle appeared among the snakes. It grew rapidly before erupting into the sky!

The snakes let out piercing cries as they were set aflame. They immediately withdrew for their lives, but it was already too late. They had already caught on fire, and soon burned them to ashes.

They were growing out of her head; Scorpion Lord Medusa’s beautiful ‘hair’ was destroyed by the flames! At the center of the flames, Demon Mo Fan merged with the Shadow of the Flame Belle Empress into one. The flames were actually part of his body.

It did not matter if his blood had stopped flowing, he just had to burn it to get it flowing again. Mo Fan fell to the ground. Flames even stronger than the ones from before spread among the scorpion men. The creatures closest to Mo Fan erupted into flames instantly, while the ones further away managed to run away in time, their scales blazing red.

Mo Fan lifted his gaze and stared at Scorpion Lord Medusa.

Scorpion Lord Medusa was not bothered after her hair was burned into ashes, since it would regrow on its own eventually. She lowered her eyes and looked at the human staring right into her eyes.

Every life form had its weaknesses, but a human’s weaknesses were obvious. The things that they tried to hide and were scared of exposing were usually their weaknesses and greatest fears!

Scorpion Lord Medusa had seen Mo Fan’s fearlessness, which actually represented the same level of fear deep within his heart. Once she took away his courage, all that was left was boundless fear... it was the secret behind Scorpion Lord Medusa’s stare. The stronger her opponent, the more vulnerable they were!

However, Mo Fan was no longer fearless and reckless in Scorpion Lord Medusa’s eyes. He no longer displayed a strong determination to fight... Scorpion Lord Medusa could only see a completely exposed fear now!

Scorpion Lord Medusa might well have been the strongest Psychic in the world. It was unlikely that she would misread a person’s mind.

Mo Fan was possessed by the shadow of the Flame Belle Empress. He had the Space Element as his core, the Shadow Element as his mantle, and the Lightning Element circling him. Even the strongest person would still have fear, and Mo Fan’s fear was not being able to return safely, to hear the words that he had long waited to hear from the person he loved...

When the disguise that a person was wearing to cover their fear was taken off, they would fall into Scorpion Lord Medusa’s abyss. However, even Scorpion Lord Medusa could not do anything to a person’s strong determination to stay alive and return in one piece.

The only will remaining in Mo Fan was the desire to live. If Scorpion Lord Medusa could not get rid of it, Mo Fan would still have a reason to continue fighting!

The Ring of Venice that Mu Ningxue gave Mo Fan was so fragile before Scorpion Lord Medusa’s power. Mu Ningxue never expected Mo Fan would fight such a formidable enemy. Even so, the ring had played an important role in maintaining Mo Fan’s unyielding spirit!

He would clench his teeth and continue fighting, just because there was someone waiting for him!

—

Scorpion Lord Medusa’s stare had no effect on Mo Fan after he was able to see his own fear. Mo Fan stared right back at Scorpion Lord Medusa now. He was going to overcome the stare she was extremely proud of by exposing himself!

Once he overcame the stare, Scorpion Lord Medusa would no longer pose any threat to him.

Mo Fan clearly understood that his strongest enemy was not her, but the Sphinx of Giza!