Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1407 Golden Collision

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Sphinx stood proudly amid the scattering dust. He lifted his head and looked around at the North Valley, as if the human under his feet was no longer a threat!

He let out a roar, commanding the army of undead to resume their march. They had wasted too much time here. He could already sense his master’s disappointment at their incompetence from the pyramid.

It was unnecessary to waste their time on the annoying human. The army of undead was meant to be charging forward at full speed, beheading every human they stumbled into on the way. They would hang the severed heads on their bodies like valuable ornaments! Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The undead army began to advance after receiving the Sphinx’s command. The deserted Northguard Fortress was the first to fall. The defensive fortress built with sturdy stone was devoured by the tide of undead in no time. The buildings, walls, streets, and watchtowers were gone in an instant.

The closest city to Northguard Fortress was Yulin City. The undead army headed straight for it. They could still smell living humans there. Even if the city was already evacuated, the things that were left in the city were enough for the Underworld creatures to hold a party!

The Underworld had no presence of life, but the mundane world was brimming with it. The soil, grass, forests, mountains, and cities gave the Underworld creatures fresh experiences!

The undead army’s speed was shocking when there was no resistance. However, since the part of the Great Wall that collapsed was in front of the Northguard Fortress, most of the undead gathered between Northguard Fortress and Yulin City after entering Squaretrek Plain. The path there consisted of a long mountain path. The undead army followed the path that would lead them straight to the cities. These sinister dark creatures that had been dead for a long time desperately missed the land of the living. They could not wait to claim the world as their own!

The Sphinx walked proudly among the undead, the mountain path trembling as he traveled along it. The Sphinx did not seem to be bothered by it. It was normal for the ground to shake as the undead army was advancing.

However, the Sphinx belatedly realized something was wrong when the mountain path began to collapse, and the undead fell into the new chasm! He glared into the ravine while exhaling blue smoke from his nose.

“Is he still not dead?” the monstrous Cold Prince swore, standing on an Underworld Monarch Frog once again.

The Cold Prince had returned to his original form, but his face was still ghastly. His skin was now rotten black, most likely the price he had paid to transform into the Demon-Horned God. He looked like a completely different person now, apart from his unique purple eyes. He actually mixed in well with the creatures of the Underworld.

Little did the Cold Prince know, but his body was already infused with Dark Material. Mo Fan could easily track him down, no matter where he ran to!

The Cold Prince’s rage burst from his heart and surged right onto his face when he noticed the demon flames burning under the ground. Was the guy invincible or something? He had suffered so many hits from Scorpion Lord Medusa, the Dark Pharaoh of Serpents, and the Sphinx, yet he was still trying to stop the undead army, instead of rotting under the ground!

A huge blast shattered the mountain path between Northguard Fortress and Yulin City, and it began to collapse. The path was like a bridge nearly three kilometers wide, but as its center began to crack open, the undead ended up falling into the yawning chasm. It would take the undead some time to climb back up!

Ardent Flames had also set the chasm on fire, turning it into a sea of flames. In other words, the undead army would have to cross a few kilometers of fire to leave the basin!

The Sphinx was extremely angry! The human kept messing with them! At this rate, they would suffer the wrath of the Lord of the Underworld. It was the scariest thing in the world!

The Sphinx soon located Mo Fan. He charged across the mountain path and tried to ram right into Mo Fan with his enormous body!

The collision was so powerful that it felt like Heaven was falling and the Earth was rending. Mo Fan was entirely covered in a blood-red light, going up against the Sphinx head-on with brute force. With the Wolf Soul Shadow at his back, he actually did not look that small as he faced the Sphinx!

The Sphinx was unleashing a golden light. The collision was enough to crush everything into pieces, be it stony mounds, rocks, paths, or hills. None of them were able to withstand the overwhelming force! Mo Fan and his Wolf Soul Shadow were sent skidding right across the ground. Even the sturdy wall of rocks could not stop him. He was knocked right into the ground...

Behind the mountain path was a rising hill that gradually inclined down to Yulin City. However, the collision had turned the entire area into a huge canyon extending from the mountain path to the outskirts of Yulin City. The hills and mountains along the way were razed to the ground. The army of undead swiftly moved through the ravine and headed straight for the city!

Mo Fan finally came to a stop after he reached the outskirts of Yulin City, just outside a train station. He was just a few steps away from destroying the railway!

“Be gone!” Mo Fan’s bones cracked loudly. His right hand was flickering with both lightning and fire. The wild nature and the outstanding willpower of the Demon Element were fully unleashed!

The shadow possessing him made his fist as huge as a mountain. His flames and lightning scattered across the place!

The Sphinx came to a stop when the punch landed on its face. He did not expect the human to be able to counterattack so quickly. The shocking force knocked him flying back through the canyon that he had just opened!

The undead army was making its way to the city through the ravine. They did not expect the Sphinx to suddenly fly at them, smashing countless undead into splinters. Meanwhile, the Underworld creatures approaching the city via other paths were either disintegrated by lightning or burned into scattering ashes by flames...