Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1452 Why Don“t You Force It?

Edited by Aelryinth

“Can you see if he’s done refining the Soul-grade Fire?” Zhao Manyan asked Mu Bai.

“I don’t understand how you can still talk at a time like this! If you aren’t feeling much pressure after resisting the Brown Lava, I’ll let you handle the next wave too!” Mu Bai snarled.

Despite that, Mu Bai still glanced at Mo Fan to see how he was doing.

Mo Fan’s hand was still connected to the Three-Leafed Scarlet Soul-grade Fire. It was still hovering in the air; Mo Fan had not yet refined it. Judging from its glow, it was likely that Mo Fan had not found a way to absorb it yet.

A Primitive Soul-grade Fire was unlike a forged Soul-grade Fire, which could be refined as soon as the Mage’s cultivation was high enough. Therefore, it was quite a worrisome process for them.

“I can’t hold it any longer. It’s all you now,” Zhao Manyan, his face covered in soot, beat his wings. Even his golden wings were scorched black!

Zhao Manyan did a great job blocking the Brown Lava, not letting it touch the three of them in the slightest. His defense was as impressive as usual!

“Should I be going first? It’s not like there’s anything I can do if I stay here,” Zhao Manyan said softly, after looking at Mo Fan and not noticing any movement from him.

“Whatever!” Mu Bai was tired of listening to him.

Zhao Manyan hesitated for a moment. He believed it was better to stay behind if he did not want Mo Fan to slaughter him later.

The next lava surge came very quickly, a huge lump of Brown Lava pouring down in no time. Mu Bai was long prepared for it; he activated his magic equipment, producing a block of ice in the shape of a droplet floating above them.

The ice lowered the temperature of the well. As the Brown Lava poured down, there was a strong reaction when the ice made contact with the fire.

The lava solidified as its temperature dropped rapidly. Black pieces like mud fell to both sides of them. They were as hard as rocks when they reached the bottom, and were smashed into pieces.

The lava surge lasted longer than the one before. To Zhao Manyan’s surprise, Mu Bai had completely blocked it off! He could not even feel the slightest presence of the lava...

“Well done, you’re pretty good; you could even replace some of the people on the national team!” Zhao Manyan complimented him.

“The national team is nothing,” Mu Bai replied disdainfully.

“...” The representatives of the national team were only the top students across the country. There were a lot of Mages around who were stronger than the members of the national team. Mu Bai had been battling demon creatures for quite a long time. A Mage like him would clearly acquire some incredible loot, regardless of his luck. It was difficult to tell who would win if he dueled some of the members of the national team!

“Is he not done yet?” Mu Bai looked at Mo Fan worriedly.

Mo Fan was taking a longer time than they had expected. The next wave of lava was going to come soon... they would have little chance of stopping it!

“Mo Fan, just forget it if you can’t refine it, it’s time to go!” Zhao Manyan shouted out.

Zhao Manyan looked up and saw the lava accumulating once again. It would be too late to leave if they waited any longer!

Mu Bai frowned. He was not confident enough to resist the next lava surge, yet Mo Fan still did not show any reaction.

—

Mo Fan had used everything he could think of. The Primitive Soul-grade Fire was a lot trickier to deal with than he had imagined. He also knew that time was running out!

“Screw it, if I can’t convince her or trick her, I’ll have to force her to come with me. Little Flame Belle, pin her down!” Mo Fan decided to go all out.

Mo Fan was reluctant to let Little Flame Belle interfere to avoid a strong reaction from the Soul-grade Fire. However, he had no choice but to force it now! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Little Flame Belle had been waiting for this. She had never seen such a fussy Soul-grade Fire before. The Calamity Fire and the Ardent Sunset were more mature than the Soul-grade Fire, and held the scarlet fire’s slim arms like two bulky arms. They proceeded to take off her defensive shirt with their auras. It was up to her daddy Mo Fan now...

Mo Fan forcibly merged with the Soul-grade Fire by directing it into his body, dragging the fire into his body without caring about its resistance.

A normal Fire Mage would not dare to do what Mo Fan was doing. A Mage looking for a Soul-grade Fire would most likely only have a Spirit-grade Fire only. If they tried to absorb a Soul-grade Fire forcibly, the Fire Mage’s body and soul would have no chance of enduring the heat of the Soul-grade Fire, endangering their lives!

However, Mo Fan was different from them. His flesh had remarkable resistance due to his Demon Element. It was unlikely that the fire could burn him to death, not to mention he had Little Flame Belle, who possessed two different Soul-grade Fires, as his accomplice. Even if he failed to claim the Soul-grade Fire, he would still be unharmed!

Mo Fan was surprised when he noticed the Scarlet Red Soul-grade Fire compromising a little when he tried using brute force on her. She was slowly merging with his soul.

Mo Fan was overjoyed. Sometimes, using force might be more effective than all the twists and turns...

“The lava surge is coming. Mo Fan, we have to go!” Zhao Manyan yelled worriedly.

The lava was already gathering above them. It was about to collapse down on them!

It felt as if the lava had its own temper. When it realized the little princess that it had been taking care for so long was being kidnapped, it was immediately enraged!

“It’s too late now.” Mu Bai had a helpless look when he saw the lava pouring down.

—

The lava was within inches of them. It would easily burn their bones into ashes. Zhao Manyan was already regretting why he did not just abandon the assh*** Mo Fan and leave, even though the team had no hope of leaving this place without Mo Fan’s help...

“Stay below me!” Mo Fan’s eyes suddenly sprang open. His dark brown pupils suddenly had a scarlet glow to them!

The two immediately dove under Mo Fan without any hesitation.

Mo Fan faced the terrifying lava pouring down on him fearlessly.

Three flames of different colors burst out from his body. The brightest among them was the scarlet glow. It formed a fiery mantle under Mo Fan’s control, blocking the lava pouring down on him!

The lava was surprisingly respectful of the scarlet flame, and swiftly dissipated. Not only did it not flow to the bottom, it completely vanished, as if it had been absorbed by the fiery mantle.

The fiery mantle grew stronger and brighter. They could even see the Brown Lava flowing atop the mantle like runes. Mo Fan waved his hand and covered himself with the mantle, giving off an imperious demeanor, like an emperor of fire!

“It worked!?” Zhao Manyan and Mu Bai were overjoyed.

“I did it!” Mo Fan smiled. He could feel the cultivation of his Fire Element skyrocketing. His decision to not replace his Spirit-grade Rose Flame for so long had finally paid off!