Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1461 The Eye in the Town

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Fire Crystal Candle, Explode!”

The shout took Mu Xumian by complete surprise.

The little candlelight was obviously compressed; the energy inside it was thousands of times stronger than it looked! In addition to that, the ancient town was filled with Fire Magic, allowing the Fire Magic to detonate like a deadly bomb when the force compressing it was withdrawn!

A mushroom cloud exploded into existence. The waves of energy spreading across the city razed the ancient structures to the ground. The flames filled the entire place, without leaving the slightest gap. It was difficult to tell how much energy the little candlelight contained. The explosion was comparable to a Super Spell!

The three Soul-grade Fires were like a massive bomb when they were compressed simultaneously. The explosion went off only ten meters away from Mu Xumian. She was devoured by the mushroom cloud before she could react to it!

Mo Fan’s figure slowly appeared in the distance. A black mantle was draped over his shoulders, some blue flames still burning on it.

“The Shadow Decoy is so useful at certain times!” Mo Fan grinned, even more widely than Mu Xumian had.

The Dark Noble Mantle granted Mo Fan a powerful ability, the Shadow Decoy!

Mo Fan had the Fiendish Night and was able to Summon a bunch of demon shadows; the Dark Contract had further strengthened the Dark Noble Mantle’s ability, making it harder to distinguish between the shadow clone and the real Mo Fan. He pretended to be talking to Mu Xumian, leaving a shadow clone behind before sneaking away.

The Dark Noble Mantle was so powerful that even Super Mages would struggle to see through Mo Fan’s trick, unless they were very close to him. Mu Xumian did not dare get close to Mo Fan, aware that he was known for his close combat skills. She simply assumed that Mo Fan had no chance of surviving when the blue flames devoured his shadow clone.

Mo Fan could never defeat Mu Xumian head-on, but it did not mean he could not play dirty!

Mo Fan had practiced the combination of the Rebelling Shadow and the Dark Noble Mantle countless times while he was convalescing at the Parthenon Temple. He had been able to trick most of the Golden Sun Knights!

“Rebelling Shadow, Throatlock!”

Mo Fan did not give Mu Xumian any chance to recover. He immediately cast a Shadow Spell while she was still unconscious.

While Elemental Magic was not available, Black Magic was not restricted at all. Luckily, it seemed Mu Xumian’s Poison Element had yet to reach the Super Level, as the pressure he felt from it was significantly weaker!

If Mu Xumian’s Poison Element was at the Super Level, her status in the Mu Clan would have been a lot higher. She would not have had to bother doing chores like this!

The Rebelling Shadow emerged from Mu Xumian and wrapped its hands around her throat.

The lower the oxygen intake, the blurrier her consciousness was. Mo Fan also fired a few Giant Shadow Spikes to seal off her mind as a safety precaution...

Mo Fan knew the woman could easily break free from the Giant Shadow Spikes, as her cultivation was a lot higher than his. He proceeded to consume a few Commander-level Soul Essences, Summoning three more Rebelling Shadows to keep an eye on her.

“Wouldn’t it be easier to kill her?” Lingling asked calmly.

“We can exchange her for Mui Guangqing and the others,” Mo Fan said.

Mui Qing was in utter disbelief, and only managed to speak after some time, “She...she’s a Super Mage, how did you even beat her? Are...are you really human?”

Mui Qing felt like her understanding had been turned on its head. It was her first time learning that an Advanced Mage could defeat a Super Mage!

“What did you just say? Hurry up and treat my wounds, did you think it was easy?” Mo Fan withdrew the Black Snake Armor, revealing his blistered skin.

“Oh, oh!...” Mui Qing immediately cast her Healing Magic on Mo Fan.

The prolonged burning from the Super Fire Spell was quite powerful. Mui Qing had to wait until the effect was gone for her Healing Magic to work.

“You’re as impressive as usual; I almost thought we were all going to die here,” Zhao Manyan said.

“Luckily I have the three Soul-grade Fires and Little Flame Belle’s outstanding strength. I managed to take care of her with a little trick. That being said, Mu Xumian is clearly at the bottom among the Super Mages. We would have been done for if we were up against a slightly stronger Super Mage!” Mo Fan did not feel like it was an easy task at all. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“That’s true, but is there anyone else who has three different Soul-grade Seeds for the same Element!?” Mui Qing grumbled.

It was truly infuriating for a person to compare themselves to others. Mo Fan’s Fire Element had three kinds of Soul-grade Fire, three Domains, and three special effects. What would a Fire Mage that did not have a single Soul-grade Flame even think?

In Mu Xumian’s case, even though she was already a Super Mage, she only had a Soul-grade Fire, the Blue Demon Flame. In terms of the level of their flames, she was significantly weaker than Mo Fan’s three Soul-grade Fires!

“His lightning is quite insane, too. It’s strong enough to threaten a Super Mage,” Zhao Manyan blithely gave Mui Qing another stab in the heart.

Mui Qing completely lost the mood to treat Mo Fan’s injuries. Healing him would only make her lose her motivation to improve her cultivation!

“Now that we have taken care of Mu Xumian, the others are no longer a threat to us,” Mu Bai said.

“I’ll need some rest. These are not just some minor injuries,” Mo Fan fell to the ground feebly.

He was totally worn out. He had constantly used up his energy ever since the group was chased by the Fiery-Winged Tyrant. He was too weak to even deal with the remaining people of the Mu Clan outside.

Lingling looked around and said sadly, “The town was destroyed, just like that.”

Mo Fan could only smile wryly.

The town was too vulnerable. It could not withstand the damage from such a high-level battle. A random spell could destroy the entire city. If they were able to accumulate their energy slightly, a spell could destroy half the ancient structures in the town. The next time someone came to this secluded Spatial Relay Point, all that was left would be scorched debris and land.

Mo Fan felt a little sorry for it. Not many places in the world were as sacred as this town. It would not age with time, it was not disturbed by wars. He wondered which people had lived here, and why they had left.

“Lingling, did you figure out what this place is for?” Mo Fan asked while resting up.

“I bet it’s a refuge shelter that a great master of the Space Element built, but it was eventually forgotten,” Lingling said.

“If time is really static, wouldn’t that mean everything in here is indestructible?” Mui Qing asked.

“Who knows, I just want to have a good sleep now and beat the crap out of that Qi Shan, that son of a b**ch!” Zhao Manyan laid on the ground, using his hands as a pillow.

Zhao Manyan was about to close his eyes, but when he casually looked at the sky, his soul shivered!

He burst out screaming and sat upright while pointing at the sky!

There was an eye in the sky above the town. It was enormous, an eye of the heavens, staring at the tiny people inside the town!