1464 Grandson-In-Law

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The night was quiet and clean. The haze produced by the local industries had dissipated among the mountains after the Kunlun Wind swept past. The Wangyang Station was like an oxygen bar located in the middle of the mountains. There was no sign of noise. The stars hanging in the night sky felt like they were about to fall to the ground, stirring up one dazzling ripple after another.

Mu Bai sat at the top of the mountain alone, staring into the sky.

The scene was a even more spectacular than the woman had described. He had visited a lot of places, yet he had never had the chance to relax while enjoying the dazzling sight of the night sky, or perhaps his eyes had been shrouded by something over the years.

Mu Bai sat on the mountain until the latter half of the night. He slowly rose to his feet while shaking his head.

He returned down the mountain to Wangyang Station. The place was quiet, apart from the bustling bar.

Mu Bai did not look into the bar when he walked past it. However, a drunk middle-aged man happened to be coming out of it while hugging a young slender woman with his right hand. To be precise, his hand was wantonly grabbing the woman’s bottom.

Despite being drunk, he was impatiently moving in the direction of an inn with the woman. The woman was whispering softly with a smile.

They bumped into Mu Bai as they happened to pass by. The young woman was stunned. She looked into the direction Mu Bai came from.

Mu Bai halted in his tracks. He briefly glanced at the woman before withdrawing his gaze. He did not stop for more than a second. He kept walking as the moonlight shone upon his back.

“Do you know him? Or is he your old sweetheart? Let me tell you, good-looking men like him are useless, it’s better to enlighten me instead...” the middle-aged man grunted.

“He’s just an old customer,” the woman replied.

—

Since when was he feeling so lonely? He actually treated a hooker’s words so seriously, like the words of a family member. He was eager to keep his promise after he survived the dangerous operation...

Is this the feeling of living a carefree life?

—

—

After recovering some energy, Mo Fan, Zhao Manyan, Mu Bai, Lingling, Mui Zhuocheng, Dongfang Xifeng, and the others had no intention of staying any further. They all boarded a flight to the Magic City.

Zhao Manyan flirted with the stewardess on the plane, as usual. He was truly a flexible person; he did not mind visiting the pettiest brothel when he had the mood, but when it came to a situation where he had to lift his standards to talk to someone, his topics immediately revolved around fashion, films, and places across the world. Even the stewardess, who was used to working on international flights, was impressed by him. She could not wait to do some shameless things with him across the world!

“I’ve been working on domestic flights now after the decrease in international flights. However, domestic flights aren’t as interesting as international ones. It’s rare to meet an interesting passenger like you.” The stewardess’ smile was no longer just professional as she continued to chat with them. Since she was the head stewardess, no one would complain about her.

“What happened to international flights?” Mo Fan asked.

“Many of the destinations for the routes are along the coastlines. The flights were impacted now that a huge portion of the coastlines were drowned by the ocean and invaded by sea monsters,” the stewardess told him.

“Oh, that’s true,” Mo Fan nodded.

“Why are you suddenly curious about international flights?” Zhao Manyan asked with a confused face.

“The Holy Judgment Court has summoned me. I’ll have to pay them a visit soon,” Mo Fan said helplessly.

The Holy Judgment Court was finally going to come up with a ruling regarding Mo Fan’s actions at the Parthenon Temple. Even though his contribution of capturing the Cold Prince was greater than his offenses, they still had to adhere to official procedures. Mo Fan still had to respect the Holy Judgment Court, since they were the highest court for Mages!

“Which country is the Holy Judgment Court located in?” Mu Bai asked.

“I think it’s Switzerland,” Mo Fan said.

“Switzerland huh...” Mu Bai fell into deep thought.

“You have any close ones there?” Mo Fan asked.

“I have a sister who my mother adopted, I think she’s in Switzerland,” Mu Bai clarified, as if he was afraid that Mo Fan would relate his sister to Mu He. Mu Bai continued, “It happened before I moved to the Mu Clan in Bo City. A couple from Switzerland was fond of my sister when she was very young. They didn’t have any kids, so they wanted to bring her to Switzerland with them. My mother wasn’t capable of taking care of us both, so she agreed. We’ve stayed in contact through e-mails and calls, but I haven’t heard from her for a few years. If you’re going to Switzerland, bring me along. I would like to pay her a visit.”

Mu Bai had already experienced how terrifying it was to live a carefree life. Even though he had not heard from his sister for some years, he still wanted to meet her and know she was doing well. He could also let her know about their mother’s passing. He would soon move to Fanxue Mountain...

After all, Mu Zhuoyun was his uncle. The people from Bo City that used to live in the Ancient Capital had moved to the new Fanxue City, too. It was better for him to live with them.

“Sure, it’s too boring to go alone. Old Zhao, fancy a trip?” Mo Fan said.

“Based on the experiences I had lately, I strongly believe keeping my distance from you is the safest choice...” Zhao Manyan replied carefully.

“Great, that means you’re going too. HAHA, another country waiting to be conquered by us!” Mo Fan burst out laughing.

“Hey, do you even understand the human tongue!?”

——

Mu Ningxue had been extremely busy lately. There was no point in going to Fanxue Mountain. Mo Fan paid a visit to the Mui Clan to tell them about Qi Shan’s betrayal, and spent the rest of his time in the Magic City.

It was the city he was most familiar with; he could just hang around at the Pearl Institute, or visit the Clearsky Hunter Agency when he was bored. The biggest Magic Association in the country was in the Magic City, too! It had the latest information and the best resources. Nothing would go wrong staying in the Magic City!

It had been a while since Mo Fan last paid Dean Xiao a visit and drank some tea with him. He had spent a long time cultivating in seclusion, and almost died of boredom at the Parthenon Temple, so he wanted to go to different places and catch up with the people he knew.

He also wanted to see if Dean Xiao had something impressive. He might take a dozen of them to protect himself. His equipment was too simple; even his precious Black Snake Armor was struggling to keep up with his level. He mostly used it merely to defend himself from poison.

—

A few older professors were inside Dean Xiao’s office when he arrived. They almost blurted out in surprise and scolded the young impolite student for barging in, teacups in their hands. However, when they realized it was Mo Fan, they quickly put on friendly smiles and kept mentioning they had beautiful granddaughters who were single still...

“Mo Fan, my granddaughter is a very nice girl, she’s definitely bigger than Old Zheng’s granddaughter. Don’t young men like you prefer big nowadays? You can come and visit my granddaughter,” the professor with the surname Li said.

Cough cough! “How shameless are you guys? I’m already taken, but if you don’t mind giving me your granddaughters to warm my bed, you can just send them to my place,” Mo Fan said.

“That’s a little too much; second wife, a second wife will do...”

A female director could not bear it any longer. “...Professor Li, can’t you be more mindful of your words!?”

Dean Xiao quickly interrupted the inappropriate topic between the old professors. He said, “Mo Fan, I heard that the Holy Judgment Court has sent you a letter?”

“Yeah, hence I’ve come to ask if you have any nice magic equipment here. They said they aren’t going to be fussy about what I did at the Parthenon Temple since I caught the Cold Prince, but I’ve offended so many Clergymen and Holy Court Mages at the Parthenon Temple. Wouldn’t I be in trouble if they are planning to set me up behind the scenes?” Mo Fan answered.

“I’m afraid I don’t really have anything impressive here. Besides, shouldn’t you leave some of them to your juniors instead? This magic equipment that is useless to you is very precious to them,” Dean Xiao said.

“You’re right. Why don’t you assign an expert to escort me instead? I don’t really trust the people of the Holy Judgment Court,” Mo Fan countered.

“Professor Li, didn’t you want Mo Fan to be your grandson-in-law? Why don’t you go to the Holy Judgment Court with him... bring your granddaughter along, too. They are still young, they might have principles, but who knows what’s going to happen when they are in foreign countries?” Dean Xiao said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Dean Xiao!” The female director was on the verge of losing her mind. She left, as she could not bear to listen to these people any longer.

Everyone simply ignored her. Professor Li waved his hand and said, “I’m not going to the Holy Court Mages. Those people in the Holy Court are nothing but monsters. If I was thirty years younger, I might be interested in going there and crushing some of their egos, but now... huh, Old Zheng, I remember that you always visited one of the institutes there in the past. Wouldn’t that mean you’re familiar with the place? Why don’t you organize a trip and bring some students along, too?”

“Old Li, how shameless can you be? Aren’t you in charge of the exchange students every year? You should be familiar with some of the institutes, too!” Old Zheng grunted.

“No way, it’s been so many years since I last visited them,” Professor Li refuted.

“That’s enough, you two; it’s not like you have anything better to do lately. Just go with Mo Fan, will you? Think of it as a vacation. You can visit their institutes and have a friendly exchange or something. If anything happens, you must stand your ground. Show them the spirit of our Pearl Institute!” Dean Xiao said.

“See? Why do we always end up with either the fish dying or the net splitting? Old Zheng, why do you always have to be like this?” Professor Li complained.

“Hehe!” Professor Zheng responded with a cold grin.

“Old Zheng, so are you bringing your granddaughter along, too?” Professor Li inquired.

“Of course, why wouldn’t I? It’s a great chance for her to learn, and I believe the institute will be paying the fees, right?” Professor Zheng said.

“Well... I’ll have to ask. I believe we haven’t been using the budget we’ve allocated for exchange programs with institutes of foreign countries...” Dean Xiao mused.

“Very well. Mo Fan, you should know that we’re not entirely free in the institute. If we really want to go with you, we will have to bring some of our students along to visit those reputable institutes.”

“Not a problem, you’ll still be escorting me. Besides, I’m an honorable mentor too!” Mo Fan agreed promptly.