Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1509 Magic Medium Ring

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The group found an inn to stay at for the night. Mo Fan was quite curious about Brianca’s gift. She was being very mysterious by asking him to follow her to the magic marketplace.

New Suez was located on the middle stretches of the Nile. A lot of magic components trades took place here. The marketplace had many suppliers gathered there; it had everything that one could expect to find!

Soldiers were still fighting the overpopulation of the lamias on the outskirts of the city to the south, but the marketplace was operating as usual. It was crowded with people in outfits of all colors.

“I’m looking for a Soul Container, it will ensure that you can collect Soul Essences of the demon creatures you killed,” Brianca said.

“A Soul Container is extremely rare and expensive. Miss Brianca, can you tell me what you need it for?” Mo Fan asked.

A Soul Container? Mo Fan had the best Soul Container that anyone could ever hope for! The Little Loach Pendant around his neck could absorb both Soul Remnants and Soul Essences. If Brianca was thinking of giving him a Soul Container, it was totally unneccessary!

“Didn’t you use a Beast Tide at the airport?” Brianca said.

“Yeah, but my Advanced Summoning Spell is pretty normal. I don’t even consider it a Beast Tide... maybe a beast creek at most!” Mo Fan admitted awkwardly.

Mo Fan did not really pay much attention to his Summoning Element. Most importantly, the Summoning Element was not something he could improve through cultivating. He had to put that attention on his Summoned Beasts!

Little Flame Belle was already very strong, and needed some unusual finds to get stronger. The Flying Creek Snow Wolf was currently comparable to a Great Commander-level creature, too. Mo Fan did want to help him to take a further step forward and enter the Advancing Period, but he would need quite a lot of resources to do so!

Mo Fan was a little tight on cash at the moment, and gaining some of the resources was solely based on luck. Even if he had the money, he still had to compete in auctions for the things he was looking for!

“The thing I have in mind is able to improve your ability to cast the Beast Tide. My teacher was an impressive Summoner. She gave me her belongings when she left the Alps. One of them is a Magic Medium Ring, a magical artifact that can open up the Summoned Beast Plane and Summon creatures from it to fight for the bearer. It is perfect when used together with the Advanced Summoning Spell... normally, the size of a Beast Tide is dependent on the Summoner’s cultivation of the Summoning Element, while the species and the levels of the creatures are tightly related to the Summoner’s Summoned Beasts. The Magic Medium Ring can permanently increase the number of creatures that are Summoned with the skill,” Brianca informed him.

Mo Fan’s Beast Tide had only reached the second tier. The truth was, Mo Fan could Summon other species with the spell, but since the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was always with the Enormous White Wolves, their synergy was better under the Flying Creek Snow Wolf’s leadership. Every time Mo Fan cast the spell, he would Summon the Enormous White Wolves instead of some other species.

As Brianca mentioned, the Beast Tide was highly dependent on the Summoner’s cultivation of the Summoning Element. Some adept Summoners could summon hundreds of ferocious armored beasts with a single casting of the Beast Tide. Those beasts could raze a city to the ground just by trampling and stomping it!

Mo Fan roughly estimated the maximum capacity of his Beast Tide to be between thirty to forty Enormous White Wolves, assuming the Flying Creek Snow Wolf was leading them. Without the Flying Creek Snow Wolf’s help, Mo Fan could only Summon twenty of them at most, and the duration of the spell was significantly shorter, too.

Mo Fan was aware that his Summoning Element was actually quite useless, apart from the incredibly strong Little Flame Belle. It was time to improve his Summoning Element...

That being said, Mo Fan did not expect Brianca to be so considerate, giving something he needed the most at the perfect time!

“A Magic Medium Ring... how much can it improve my Beast Tide?” Mo Fan blurted out.

Brianca shook her head and explained, “It won’t improve your spell by a percentage. It simply increases the number of beasts.”

“The number of beasts?” Mo Fan was a little disappointed.

A Beast Tide normally consisted of a pack of creatures, without a fixed number. Each casting would have a slight difference in numbers, but the amount would be negligible if the Magic Medium Ring only increased the number of creatures by a few.

“It works under a few conditions. By feeding the Magic Medium Ring a Soul Essence, it will provide the Beast Tide a supply of energy in return. If you feed it a Servant-class Soul Essence, the next time you cast the Beast Tide, it will Summon an extra Servant-class Summoned Beast. A Warrior-level Soul Essence will add a Warrior-level Summoned Beast, and if it’s a Commander-level Soul Essence, the extra Summoned Beast will be in Commander-level, too,” Brianca said.

Mo Fan’s eyes lit up like a bulb upon hearing this. He stared Brianca in the eyes and grabbed her hand, “Does a piece of treasure like that really exist!?”

“It’s not really a piece of treasure, it’s more like a medium. After all, you have to consume expensive Soul Essences to use it. Not many people could afford to spend so many resources on it.” Brianca calmly pulled her hand back.

“So that’s why you wanted to give me a good Soul Container, too?” Mo Fan looked at Brianca. He suddenly realized how considerate this woman who was only a few years older than him was. She was so lovable!

Mo Fan was currently in an awkward spot. Most of his Basic and Intermediate Spells had reached tier four or five, and were almost as strong as some Advanced Spells. If he could further improve them to the sixth tier, their damage would be insane!

Upgrading the Fiery Fist from the third tier to the fourth tier cost him forty-nine Servant-class Soul Essences. It was nothing to him.

Upgrading the Fiery Fist from the fourth tier to the fifth tier cost him forty-nine Warrior-level Soul Essences. That was quite a fortune. Using the market price as a reference, it would be around a billion won!

Upgrading the Fiery Fist from tier five to tier six would require forty-nine Commander-level Soul Essences!

Commander-level Soul Essences!!!

A Commander-level Soul Essence was usually sold for around three hundred million to five hundred million. Even with Little Loach’s help, the total value of forty-nine Commander-level Soul Essences was still an unimaginable sum to Mo Fan.

As such, upgrading his spells to the sixth tier was obviously a strenuous project. He might have to wait until he became a Super Mage. Therefore, he had no clue where to spend the remaining Soul Essences. It would be a waste to spend them on improving the Basic Spells, since they would not really make any difference, but they were nowhere enough to strengthen his Intermediate Spells...

As a result, Mo Fan did not really pay much attention to the Little Loach Pendant and the Soul Remnants and Soul Soul Essences it had collected.

However, Mo Fan was immediately overjoyed when Brianca told him about the Magic Medium Ring. If a Soul Essence could add the supply of his Beast Tide by one, wouldn’t he be able to Summon an army consisting of over hundreds or even thousands of beasts if he fed the same amount of Soul Essences into the Magic Medium Ring? Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Even though it was a massive cost to reach an army of that size, it was still insane if the magical artifact had no limits to its power!