Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1522 Stormy Hail

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The shadow clone was different from the ones that Mo Fan’s Dark Noble Mantle could produce. The Rebelling Shadow was obviously a dark shadow stained with Mo Fan’s presence. It was impossible to trick a Mage with it, since they could tell that it was only a shadow.

However, it was different for demon creatures. They would mainly set their eyes on things that moved quickly. The Medusae mostly relied on their ability to track their target’s presence. If Mo Fan suddenly disappeared and unleashed the Rebelling Shadow, he might be able to lure them away...

Mo Fan jumped down a ridge and landed in a deep pit.

The seven male Medusae were not far from him. They quickly followed him and immediately saw a black figure heading in the opposite direction. The seven Medusae were a little surprised. Since when did the human that only knew to run away have the guts to fool with them and run in the opposite direction?

The male Medusae immediately went after the shadow. Three of them even stacked their bodies around the Rebelling Shadow like walls. It was quite a terrifying sight when they fully extended their bodies!

Mo Fan grinned when he saw the male Medusae taking the bait.

As he thought, these Medusae were very sensitive to their target’s auras. He just needed to use the Dark Material to conceal his presence while applying some of it to the Rebelling Shadow, tricking the male Medusae into chasing the shadow instead!

The male Medusae soon surrounded the Rebelling Shadow. The Dark Red male Medusa snapped at Mo Fan’s shadow eagerly, but the shadow surprisingly turned into black smoke and dissipated around its fangs!

The male Medusa bit with such great might that it ended up loosening its fangs. It was infuriated when it realized it had been tricked. It immediately turned around and lunged at the pit under the rampart.

“You still dare to come after me? Take this!”

Mo Fan’s flames had now filled up the pit. He had been waiting for the Dark Red Male Medusa to lunge at him when it was angered. Mo Fan threw a blazing fist at the creature at the perfect time. A destructive fiery dragon rose from the blazing pit and headed right at the male Medusa!

The fiery dragon was unstoppable. The male Medusa tried to pull itself back when it sensed the terrifying force approaching, but the fiery dragon had already knocked it into the air!

The male Medusa spun in circles as it reached the highest point. A sudden explosion took place. The fiery dragon ignited the creature like a burning cloud, lighting up the ground below with crimson red light. The Dark Red Male Medusa was burned into pieces that scattered and fell from the sky...

The scorched remains of the creature poured down like rain. Its body was beyond recognition; it was absolutely dead!

The other male Medusae were intimidated by the fiery dragon. They no longer dared to get any closer to the blazing pit Mo Fan was in after witnessing the horrible death of their comrade!

Mo Fan did not utilize Little Flame Belle’s power with the punch. It was not as easy killing a single male Medusa this way as when all three Soul-grade Flames were used!

The female Medusa in the distance shrieked at the male Medusae.

Its screech was the greatest stimulant to them. Their eyes were infused with rage, as if they had completely forgotten about the Dark Red Male Medusa that had died just a moment ago.

The male Medusae pounced at Mo Fan. The black dust that their bodies swept into the pit rapidly extinguished the flames. Mo Fan decisively fled for his life when he realized that his aura could no longer scare the male Medusae away!

If the male Medusae engaged him one by one, he swore he would pluck all their poisonous fangs off. However, if they all attacked at once, Mo Fan had no choice but to run. He would not have a safe environment to cast his stronger spells!

Luckily, he had the Dark Noble Mantle that could increase the tier of his Fleeing Shadow by two. He could turn into a shadow bird and glide along the ground, sprint on his legs, or Blink away at times. It allowed him to kite those annoying male Medusae around for some time!

“Mo Fan, time to go!” Zhao Manyan’s distorted voice came from the distance.

Mo Fan took a quick glance at them and noticed they had almost reached the ravine.

It was impossible to kill an entire Medusa Mountain. Mo Fan clearly knew that he had almost zero chance of surviving if the female Medusa was chasing after him.

“Give me a hand!” Mo Fan was running out of space. The male Medusae were forcing him to head toward the female Medusa as her prey.

Mo Fan could already see the female Medusa rising into the sky like a skyscraper around five hundred meters away. It was like a noble empress slowly placing a napkin on her lap while sorting out her makeup, waiting for the male Medusae to present a delicious meal to it!

Mo Fan knew it would be suicide to run at her, but the male Medusae, little female Medusae, and little male Medusae had sealed off the area. He could not use Blink all the time. Once he was trapped, he would have no choice but to run in the direction they were forcing him into!

He needed some help. Otherwise, it would only be a matter of time until he ended up as a little grain in the female Medusa’s stomach!

Even though humans did not have much meat, a Mage naturally possessed a huge amount of energy. The reason why demon creatures were so fond of eating humans was because human mages were great nutrients for them!

“Stormy Hail!”

A loud voice appeared around a kilometer away from Mo Fan. Mu Bai was standing on a rather tall sand dune. He had summoned icy hail down upon the area.

The biggest hailstones were around the size of a watermelon, while the smallest was around the size of a thumb. Their sharp vertexes and thin shape made them look like icy daggers. Under Mi Bai’s command, the ice swept down at the Medusae, and the lower-level little male and female Medusae were promptly shredded to pieces!

A strong scent of blood lingered in the air, with remains of the Medusae all over the place. The hail storm was remarkably strong. Most importantly, not a single little male or female Medusa was alive in the five hundred meters between Mo Fan and Mu Bai.

Mo Fan was dumbfounded. He had not expected Mu Bai to possess such terrifying strength. It seemed like he had his own fortunate encounters while he was surviving in the wild!

“Green Tea, clear a path for me!” Mo Fan yelled as loud as he could, worried that Mu Bai could not hear him.

Mu Bai immediately turned away from him.

“Mu Bai, Mu Bai, alright? Hurry up and save me, they have sealed my escape paths. Freeze the guy with the horn, it can see through my shadow,” Mo Fan quickly shouted.

“Still being mouthy on the brink of death!” Mu Bai harrumphed coldly.

Mu Bai looked ahead and studied the remains of the Medusae across the place. They did not look too ghastly, since the place was covered in frost. The blood pouring out was quickly frozen by the ice.

Mu Bai continued forward and soon discovered one of the male Medusae had a horn on its head. Mo Fan’s Shadow Magic was most likely restricted by it, forcing him to flee in a certain direction.

Mu Bai went another two hundred meters forward. A huge bunch of Black Medusae came at him, followed by the smaller male Medusae flowing like a tide behind them.

The little male Medusae were called little, but even the smallest of them was around three meters long and as thick as a human’s arm. These little male Medusae were poisonous, too. The body of a human they bit would stiffen up in ten seconds, and in less than a minute, the poison would spread across their body, paralyzing them!

Mu Bai noticed a pattern: the little male Medusae were only following the little female Medusae around, and would only attack under the little female Medusae’s guidance. Without the little female Medusae, they were nothing but a sheet of loose sand, timid and weak!

Mu Bai targeted the little female Medusae this time. He quickly located the little female Medusae and killed them swiftly!

These smaller female Medusae were not too intelligent, and was quite easy to distinguish them by their larger size. Their bodies were python-like for five to twenty meters, while the part close to their heads resembled the upper body of a woman connected to the fierce head of a snake!

Mu Bai specifically targeted those black Medusae. After they were eliminated, the little male Medusae became extremely timid. They dug into the ground and fled when Mu Bai cast a few Ice Magic spells to scare them away! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

“Mo Fan, kill the female Medusae, the male Medusae are taking orders from them!” Mu Bai quickly informed Mo Fan of his discovery.

“Are you kidding me now? The female Medusa in front of me is the ruler of the Medusa Mountain! Just freeze that guy with the horn so I can escape!” Mo Fan screamed back.

Mu Bai glanced at Mo Fan and noticed the female Medusa close to him was indeed the enormous ruler of the Medusa Mountain. It would be extremely difficult to kill the creature, thus his discovery was totally irrelevant to Mo Fan!

Mu Bai reached a spot around five hundred meters away from Mo Fan. He could clearly see the male Medusa with a horn from this distance. The eyes of the Horned Male Medusa were not yellow, but black instead. It did not use its smell to locate its prey, serving as the eyes among the Medusae; its job was to see through illusions and tricks of their enemies...

Mu Bai eliminated the little female Medusae nearby and immediately channeled an Advanced Ice Spell!

Mu Bai could not cast the Stormy Hail for this. The spell was very effective against low-level creatures, but against the male Medusae’s thick and study skin, it would only leave a few scratches. It was impossible to kill them quickly.

Against a single target, the Advanced Spell Icebound Coffin was a lot more effective!

The male Medusa had placed all its attention on Mo Fan. After all, it was utterly annoyed by the human that was so good at running away. It swore it would be the one eating him!

Frost slowly accumulated in the sky. The Horned Male Medusa was completely unaware that a coffin made of sturdy ice was aiming right at it from above!