Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1554 A Tricky Opponen

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan hid in the darkness and observed the ice dust holding position around Vani like obedient soldiers.

It was clearly a Soul-grade Ice. Vani’s Ice Element had reached the peak of the Advanced Level. Mo Fan would indeed have trouble attacking if Vani cautiously wrapped himself up with the ice dust. After all, the Swamp of Darkness only stopped Vani’s Earth Magic from moving in and out of the ground freely. It did not stop Vani from defending himself with Earth Magic.

It was not easy to defeat a Super Mage who was not being restricted, especially when Vani already knew some of Mo Fan’s abilities. Some of his best moves were no longer as effective, as he didn’t have his usual element of surprise.

Vani’s defense was quite outstanding, too. The guy stubbornly took a defensive stance throughout the duration of the Swamp of Darkness, not minding the standstill at all. He was not the one who was trying to save Apas. The longer Mo Fan waited, not only would Apas be dead, even Zhao Manyan might die, since Gangma was clearly a vengeful person!

“Show yourself! You can never defeat me, even if you use everything you have!” Vani yelled out mockingly. “HAHAHA, jumping into the middle of demon creatures for a dying Summoned Beast, and going against the army for a little girl when you don’t even know her background and identity? I really don’t know how to describe you!” Vani added on.

“Where did you even get your confidence from? Do you really think you can take me on with your mere cultivation? I’m a Super Mage, many people have to nod their heads and bow in front of me, so who do you think you are? When this swamp disappears, it will be time for me to trample you under my feet!” Vani yelled out.

Vani kept searching for Mo Fan’s presence while he was talking. He was able to sense someone breathing not far away after he finished the sentence.

“Humph, such a boring trick, time to face your death!” Vani locked on Mo Fan’s position, staring in the direction of the breathing. The ice dust suddenly spun at a terrifying speed! Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The ice dust was as deadly as bullets when they reached a certain speed. When the countless ice particles flew in Mo Fan’s direction, it was like a volley from a Gatling gun. Even a mountain would be left riddled with holes!

The ice dust sprang forward like a spray of bullets. Vani quickly noticed a silhouette switching direction in a panic.

Vani laughed. His opponent was still too young. The man had failed to remain calm after being provoked, thus exposing his location. The fight was a lot easier now. The ice bullets covered a huge area; it was too late for the boy to start running now. He would soon be riddled with holes like a beehive!

Vani watched the direction the ice bullets were fired into. He saw a figure being hit and heard the sound of impact.

Vani quickly went after it to see Mo Fan’s bloody corpse. He was being extremely cautious. He had no intention to withdraw his Ice Magic until he was confident that the figure that was hit by the ice bullets was Mo Fan. He would cast a spell as soon as he detected any movement.

Vani did not see any trace of blood when he reached the spot.

The outcome did not surprise him. He quickly glanced around him...

A faint candle-wisp of fire suddenly approached him from behind.

Vani was startled. The fire was as small as a candlelight. Did Mo Fan really pull off a series of tricks just for this? How could it possibly hurt him?

“Something isn’t right!” Vani rapidly realized that the candlelight was not as simple as it seemed. He noticed the tiny ice particles floating in the air were being compressed when the candlelight flew past them!

“Space Element, Fire Element...” Vani immediately linked the pieces together. He quickly finished his waiting spell without any hesitation.

An experienced Mage would finish a part of their Star Orbits and Star Patterns in advance, allowing them to complete the spell when necessary. It was a common move when casting defensive spells, since timing was the most important factor!

A Mage was able to control the Star Orbits, Star Patterns, and Star Constellations freely upon reaching the Super Level. They could even manipulate their drawing speed, connecting, and constructing their magic. Vani had already drawn six Star Patterns when he went forward to take a closer look at the corpse. He purposely slowed down the speed of the last Star Pattern, but when he realized something was not right, he immediately sped the process up to complete the Star Constellation.

In other words, it only took Vani the time to draw a Star Pattern to cast his Advanced Spell. It basically meant his opponent would not have any chance to pull a sneak attack on him!

The Fire Crystal Bomb unleashed terrifying flames when the force holding it in place was withdrawn. Vani had formed a thick shield to defend himself in time, but the energy of the explosion was greater than he had imagined. It overwhelmed his Advanced Spell and even sent him flying into the air!

Vani lost his balance while he was devoured by the flames. He quickly activated his magic Armor.

The silvery Ice Magic Armor protected him before the flames could harm him. The flames lost their effect after making contact with the Ice Armor. Vani was only hurt a little by the shockwave!

Vani fell from the air and slammed into a pile of debris.

He was enraged. To think that a Super Earth Mage would end up in such a miserable state against an Advanced Mage! How did the guy even train himself? The man’s Fire Magic was ridiculously strong, powerful enough to break through his two layers of defense!

Vani rose to his feet. He caught a glimpse of the ground when he was about to counterattack, spotting some steel debris poking out from the Swamp of Darkness.

“So this is where I am now!” Vani realized when he saw the debris.

Wasn’t this the warehouse that the Hillock Whale had smashed to the ground previously? He would be able to find his way out of the Swamp of Darkness using it as a reference point!

Awesome! That assh*** was going to face his death sooner than he thought!

The Fire Crystal Bomb might be terrifying, but it still was not strong enough to endanger the life of a Super Earth Mage. His priority was to find his way out of the Swamp of Darkness first!

Vani immediately followed the debris of the warehouse. The Fiery Fists coming from behind him were blocked by the walls he built with his ice dust.

Vani continued moving forward and finally saw the edge of the Swamp of Darkness. He was overjoyed!

What chance did Mo Fan stand against him without the Swamp of Darkness?