Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 165 - The Storm Girl

”It’s her?” Shan Shenhe blurted out in surprise as he looked towards the woman heading for the entrance.

On the other side, Bai Cangfeng was also stunned.

Everyone among the rich and noble families knew who this lady was, but at the same time, none of them saw this coming. They simply did not think that this lady would get involved in this matter.

Noises filled up the entire arena as everyone talked and asked one another questions, as they had not expected that the final challenger would be such a pretty lady.

Almost everyone knew about this lady but that was because her beauty had caused an uproar among the male students during the school opening ceremony. She was quickly acknowledged as one of the goddesses among the new female students.

She became so famous so quickly that even someone like Mo Fan who paid little to no attention to gossips knew about this lady through his roommates, as they constantly talked about her.

As the lady entered the arena, Mo Fan took a closer look at her.

He then realized that everything he once heard about her was completely insufficient to describe her true beauty; each and every single rumor he had heard was unable to describe her beauty. She was so elegant and graceful that she felt distant from any mortal’s reach, which made her lethally attractive.

The girls in the larger cities are indeed better! I am sure that someone will be willing to pay any cost in order to get married to a lady like this!

“Awooooooooo~~~~!!” Obviously, the spirit wolf was not someone who would enjoy the beauty of this lady; its eyes were glowing green as they stared at her with deeply condensed wariness and hostility.

Clearly, it also felt that this lady was not someone average like the puny pawns before her!

“So, you are Mu Nujiao?” asked Mo Fan, his tone filled with interest as he looked at her.

The lady nodded slightly to Mo Fan’s question and showed no other emotion but eagerness to fight.

Right now, Mo Fan felt that this lady was indeed beautiful, but what he saw in her eyes was something as sharp as the tip of a knife, a true eagerness to fight. All of this suggested that this lady called a goddess by the others was not someone approachable.

“How about we make a deal?” Mo Fan asked as he tried to keep his distance from Mu Nujiao, to prevent her from catching him off guard while they were talking, even though he believed that this lady would not do things like that.

“Hmm?” Confusion quickly arose in the Mu Nujiao’s eyes.

What else could be talked about at this point? Originally, Mu Nujiao would not have gotten involved in this competition, but since this competition had progressed to this point, she could no longer stand aside and sit back while the resources of her school were being raided by someone else.

“You are the last person I have to challenge. As long as I defeat you, I will be able to obtain a huge sum of resources. I can feel that you are actually kinda strong… How about this? Even if you won, you only secured a pitiful portion of resources for your school and if I win… I will be able to obtain all of the resources!” said Mo Fan as his eyes shone brightly with hope.

On the other hand, Mu Nujiao, who was also a very intelligent person, immediately realized Mo Fan’s intentions; she felt funny upon realizing Mo Fan’s motive and remained calm as she asked, “So what?”

“You should know by now. How about I take seventy percent and you take thirty? How’s that?” replied Mo Fan, as if he was a cunning fox that had been dwelling in the field of business for many years.

Upon hearing this, the expressions of those who heard Mo Fan’s suggestion, which included Dean Xiao, the heads of the various schools, and Teacher Gu Han were all extremely rich……

Can you have more dignity and pride for yourself?!

Where was the Mo Fan that had fought against so many people with no fear, where was the Mo Fan that said out loud proudly that he wanted to rob everyone of their resources???

How can someone so ruthless like that turn into a sly and cunning merchant in just the blink of an eye!

“……” Mu Nujiao stood there as she felt angry and amused at the same time; never had she come across someone like Mo Fan who was so shameless, it was as if his pride was eaten by stray dogs!

“So you are planning to give away thirty percent of what is supposed to be yours after such a long and tough battle, just like that?” Mu Nujiao asked, as she stared at Mo Fan.

“Take it as a token of friendship. You are such a beautiful lady and as a man that admires and appreciates all pretty and good things in this world, I wouldn’t mind giving away a little portion of my gains,” replied Mo Fan firmly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Then… what if I want seventy percent?” Mu Nujiao asked.

Mo Fan’s mouth twitched upon her proposal.

Damn, why is this damn woman so greedy? I tried to be good to her by not trying to fight with her, and she is actually asking for more now? How dare she asked for even more now? Is she trying to force me to fight her!?

“Stop wasting your time and saliva. Let us begin!” All the while, all Mu Nujiao wanted was a fight!

To be honest, the level of fighting in this competition was originally more than just boring to mages on the Intermediate level like her, which naturally turned them off. Now however, with Mo Fan who wiped out the entire Primary level new students, he successfully garnered the attention and interest of Mu Nujiao!

And those who knew Mu Nujiao well enough had always described her as a person who looked like an angel, but deep within her was a hunger and thirst for battle!

“Sh*t! Damn woman!” cursed Mo Fan quietly as he felt the surging battle intent and the relentless elemental typhoon rising around Mu Nujiao.

If it wasn’t because her strength was even stronger than his, Mo Fan would not even have bothered trying to negotiate with her!

What’s so great about having a higher cultivation level!?

If you want to fight, then I will fight and burn you to a crisp!

“Hu hu hu hu hu hu~~~~~~~~~~~~~”

The air within the arena was vacuumed away and wild winds started blowing.

With Mu Nujiao as the center of a jade green Wind Star Atlas, the raging airflow went on a rampage around the arena, sucking everything around the field up with it as it passed through everything!

From just a tiny whirlwind, it turned into a huge whirlwind as tall as the stadium with a diameter of two meters!!

“Wind Disc Tornado!” whispered Mu Nujiao softly, yet seriously.

Wind was supposed to be invisible, but after the tornado dragged up the sand, dust, and debris on the ground, it slowly formed a marvelous and gigantic body.

The tornado twisted, spun around the arena and created an airflow flowing so fast that whenever the wind blew pass the people, they felt that the wind was cutting them!. As seconds passed, the tornado became stronger and stronger, and it became difficult to stand properly without being blown away and end up being torn apart by the tornado!!

“Sh*t! Fifty! I can only give you at most fifty percent!” Mo Fan’s voice could be heard coming faintly from the center of the storm, but gradually, his voice faded away.

In Mu Nujiao’s eyes, Mo Fan saw only sheer will and determination as she continued to control the Wind Disc Tornado, which charged towards Mo Fan and his spirit wolf unstoppably.

The dust flew all over the place as the storm continued to wail around the arena, blurring everyone’s vision. Mu Nujiao seemed to become the one in control of everything within the arena.

The tornado might have only a diameter of two meters, but if an average person stood within ten meters of the tornado, the person would be dragged into it. Within five meters, perhaps a car would be dragged away easily as well.

Mo Fan was incredibly unhappy.

He had known that Mu Nujiao was a very strong opponent from the moment he first saw her.

As he had expected,he had only formed two out of three parts of his Lightning Star Atlas, and this woman has already completed casting her Intermediate Wind magic…