Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1644 Tough Opponen

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

—

—

“You dare to come back down!” Bartholomew sent the deadly Demon Fangs after Mo Fan when he saw him falling back to the ground.

Mo Fan straightened himself up, before suddenly splitting into four shadows moving in four different directions. The Demon Fangs went after the shadow that went down the slope first. When they impaled the shadow, it vanished into thin air.

Bartholomew was not bothered by it. He sent the Demon Fangs after the other three shadows and got rid of them.

“Your little tricks won’t work against me!” Bartholomew snarled.

He seemed to have located Mo Fan’s position. The Demon Fangs lined up and lunged at a dark figure hiding in a corner. Mo Fan’s appearance was revealed when the dark figure was being threatened.

“Die!” Bartholomew yelled.

The Demon Fangs nailed Mo Fan on the spot!

Mu Ningxue’s heart skipped a beat when she saw the Demon Fangs landing on Mo Fan. She was about to withdraw her Ice Magic to save him when she noticed he was not bleeding.

She looked behind Bartholomew and noticed a shadowy figure sneaking up on Bartholomew, who was currently quite pleased with himself.

Shadow Clone!

The figure that Bartholomew attacked was a decoy, too! It was the special ability of the Dark Noble Mantle, the ability to summon a shadow clone that looked the same as Mo Fan to confuse an enemy!

The real Mo Fan was approaching Bartholomew from behind. The lightning he had been holding back suddenly burst out of his body!

The lightning crackled wildly as Mo Fan shoved out the energy he had stored in his arms, firing a strong burst of lightning like a pair of electro cannons. They were deadly at such a close distance!

Bartholomew was quick to react. He immediately set up a defense when he sensed the restless energy of the lightning!

A Super Level Mages defense was outstanding. The Electro Cannon was one of Mo Fan’s strongest attacks, yet it failed to break through the shield of Demon Fangs.

Mo Fan really did not expect Bartholomew to nullify his Electro Cannon so easily...

“Nirvana Ice: Feathery Sparrows!” Mu Ningxue’s imperious voice came from the sky.

The Snow Swan Silver Feathers scattered across the sky, the ground, and the woods rose into the sky and formed nine heavenly sparrows with icy feathers!

The ice sparrows had huge wings with long feathers. They dove at Bartholomew from the sky like a plunging blizzard!

The first Ice Feather Sparrow charged at Bartholomew. He took a step back and stomped the ground. A tree with steel leaves rose from the ground like an umbrella. Its sturdy trunk and leaves perfectly protected Bartholomew beneath them.

The Ice Feather Sparrow landed on the Steel Tree, leaving a cloud of frost which eventually gathered into a sphere.

Bartholomew might have blocked the first Ice Feather Sparrow’s dive, but there were still eight Ice Feather Sparrows in the sky. They dove at Bartholomew ferociously after receiving the order from Mu Ningxue.

Bartholomew was having trouble fending off the Ice Feather Sparrows. Their deadly frost had penetrated his skin, and their deadly feathers left several cuts on him. The wounds froze in an instant!

Bartholomew was surrounded by the icy feathers, but Mu Ningxue’s attack did not stop there. She pointed at the remains of the Ice Feather Sparrows. Their feathers shattered into pieces, which cascaded in all directions!

The number of feathers was overwhelming, not to mention the shards they produced after exploding. Every little corner was swept by the splinters more than a dozen times!

Bartholomew was forced to Summon his magic Armor. It was a very high-quality piece of Equipment. The ice splinters only left him with some minor injuries.

Mu Ningxue frowned.

Bartholomew was stronger than she had imagined. She and Mo Fan had basically used their strongest spells, yet they only managed to inflict some minor injuries on him. Bartholomew was now about to launch his counterattack. His aura grew unusually strong. Their lives might be in danger if the fight continued!

“Mo Fan, we are no match for him!” Mu Ningxue called out.

They were pushing themselves too much trying to take on a Super Mage while they were only Advanced Mages. Mu Ningxue was not that naive to believe they could defeat the Super Mage now.

Mo Fan also realized how strong Bartholomew was. He immediately cast Blink to distance himself from the Super Mage.

A terrifying energy of the Light Element had gathered around Bartholomew. The scorching light even melted the icy feathers nearby. The Star Patterns combined into Star Palaces, which further merged into a spectacular Star Palace!

“It’s the Super Light Spell, Holy Extermination!” Mo Fan was dumbfounded.

Holy Extermination was easily the strongest single-target spell among the Super Spells. Even Zhao Manyan might die instantly to the spell, let alone Mo Fan, who did not have much defense. He began to panic when he saw the Star Palace taking shape!

“Try running away from this!” Bartholomew fixed his eyes on Mo Fan.

Mo Fan felt a terrifying glow flickering above him the moment the stare locked onto him. It was most likely the tip of the Demon Judgment Sword. Mo Fan quickly cast Blink a few times, yet somehow the light kept following him around. He could not shake it off!

“There’s no use struggling, you’re already a dead soul to the Demon Judgment Sword!” Bartholomew proclaimed.

The enormous sword of light fell on top of Mo Fan with overwhelming murderous intent. Rays of light spread across the sky like the brilliance of the sun. Mo Fan could not help but feel minuscule facing it!

“Crap!” Mo Fan did not expect his opponent to finish Channeling a Super Spell so quickly. Bartholomew already had three Elements at the Super Level! His Light Magic had taken Mo Fan by surprise. Mo Fan completely lost his will to resist the Demon Judgment Sword.

Mu Ningxue immediately expended her energy to direct her Snow Swan Ice Feathers toward Mo Fan when she saw the Demon Judgment Sword locking onto him.

The ice feathers were not only effective as attacks. They continuously attached to Mo Fan and formed thick layers over him like sturdy armor!

Mo Fan would never resign himself to his fate. He activated the Hand of Silent Thunder to transform the energy of the Demon Judgment Sword into the Lightning Element.

The Hand of Silent Thunder had an upper limit in terms of the amount of energy it could transform. When the level of energy surpassed its limit, it would fail to transform the energy into the Lightning Element.

The Demon Judgment Sword was unstoppable. Its power did not decline much even when the Hand of Silent Thunder reached its limit.

The sword of light descended upon Mo Fan. His head was in great pain from the loud buzzing, and the ice feathers on him were melting too. He was struggling to hold his ground even after the Hand of Silent Thunder transformed a portion of the Light Spell’s energy into the Lightning Element.

Mo Fan’s skin was blistering under the scorching light when another sacred blue light encapsulated him. It was a defensive Water Spell!

Mo Fan was relieved when the spell appeared. It was the defense from his Venice Ring, the special version that Mu Ningxue had given him. It was preventing the Demon Judgment Sword from slashing Mo Fan in half.

“Icebound Coffin!”

Mu Ningxue cast an Ice Spell when she saw Mo Fan having trouble fending off the attack.

The Icebound Coffin was actually targeting Mo Fan, not the Demon Judgment Sword. The thick layers of ice surrounded him as a way of defending him, preventing the scorching light of the Demon Judgment Sword from reaching Mo Fan! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The Demon Judgment Sword finally weakened as it expended itself against the protection of the Venice Ring and the Icebound Coffin.

Mo Fan found himself in a deep ravine, his body severely burned. He could not believe that he had survived the Super Light Spell!

His legs were going soft from the trauma. He had been bold to challenge an experienced Super Mage. This Bartholomew was countless times stronger than Vani!

“Apas!” Mo Fan did not dare to hold back any further. He immediately Summoned his second Contract Beast.

His second Contracted Beast was none other than Apas. She walked out from a lunar-white crack wearing the retro duchess dress she had bought in Athens. Her costume was somehow very incompatible with the surroundings.

Bartholomew almost burst out laughing when he saw the young woman. “It’s too late to beg for mercy now. I’ll snap your head off even if you offer me these beauties!” Bartholomew scoffed.

Bartholomew subconsciously looked at the young girl, and noticed she had a gorgeous face. Bartholomew began to envy Mo Fan a little, having two such gorgeous beauties by his side. However, they would belong to him from today on!

Apas remained calm when facing Bartholomew’s ardent stare. She was also staring at him, but her stare was gradually emitting a dangerous aura!