Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 168 - You lost

.

.

.

“This Mu Nujiao is ssoo strong!” exclaimed the girl with the ponytail in awe and asked again, “Mo Fan is going to lose, right? The Forest of Kun’s Gaol is practically impossible to escape from!”

“But that’s not what I think.” disagreed Xu Zhao Ting with a shake of his head.

“Perhaps your friend still has some trick up in his sleeves? Is that possible?” asked the girl again.

However, Xu ZHao Ting did not answer her question and merely stared closely at the jungle that grew around Mo Fan like a prison.

---

“So… marvelous!!”

“Yeah, this goddess is about to defeat this evil demon! We almost lost all our resources because of him! From now on, she will be my one and only goddess!!”

Upon seeing this, all the new students immediately felt immense gratitude and admiration for Mu Nujiao. If not for her, their resources would have been stolen by Mo Fan!

A lady who was extremely beautiful yet incapable of anything would only bring disaster, but a lady who is pretty and very capable at the same time would be taken as a kind, powerful, and strong goddess that would rescue her people from crisis!!

When everything calmed down after the prison made of plant life fully emerged, Mu Nujiao clamped her fist and walked slowly towards the prison.

She too, firmly believed that Mo Fan would not be able to turn the situation around.

Mo Fan has already depleted all his Summoner abilities, and if he had an even stronger Summoned beast, he would have brought it out long ago.

At this time, not even his Lightning magic would be able to help him escape from the imprisonment of the Forest of Kun. He had lost the fight!

In just a moment of time, Mu Nujiao has drawn close to the border of the Forest of Kun.

The Forest of Kun possessed no offensive capabilities, so Mu Nujiao would have to get close enough and ask Mo Fan to surrender.

If Mo Fan was stubborn, she would not mind to giving him a tornado and letting him have a taste of the excitement of jumping down from a tall building without any safety measures!

Through the tiny gaps in the plants, she started searching for the trapped Mo Fan.

To her dismay, just when she was about to say something, she shockingly discovered that there was no sign of Mo Fan at all!

“How…?” Shock immediately replaced Mu Nujiao’s confidence.

Be it any type of position-shifting skills, no one would be easily escape from the imprisonment of the Forest of Kun. These plants tracked the target person by sensing the person’s life force as they grew…

Thus, even if it was Wind Trail, Earth Burrow, or the other magic equipment, no one would be able to escape easily! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This was also why Mu Nujiao was confident that Mo Fan could not escape, which led her to walk up to where she was now standing confidently. She had not expected that Mo Fan would not be found within the gaol made up countless plants.

Impossible!

Absolutely impossible!!

“You lost,” said a voice with a very deep tone from the forest on the other side.

Extremely shocked, Mu Nujiao looked in that direction, only to find Mo Fan walking out from the shadows of the plants…

He did not walk out from the forest, but from the shadows of the plants. Even with her incredibly strong senses, Mo Fan still managed to walk away unscathed by moving within the shadows!

In truth, no one would be able to escape from the imprisonment of the Forest of Kun… except when it came to the Shadow Element magic!

With all the tall trees, thick vines, and large amount of leaves, shadows were everywhere around the Forest of Kun. This has provided a huge area for Shadow Element mages to roam around freely. Be it the saturated vines or branches, none of them would be able to trap a shadow that could move around freely!

“Shadow Element… How is it possible that you possess magicks of the Shadow Element!” exclaimed Mu Nujiao, nearly falling as she stared at him in disbelief.

Right now, she dared not move at all, not to mention casting any more spells. Mo Fan was dangerously close to her, and he even had a slithering lightning serpent in his hand.

At this range, there would be no time for her to react, or even use any magic equipment!

“This has nothing to do with you. Anyhow, you have already lost this battle,” stated Mo Fan, as the lightning serpent in his hand grew more and more ferocious, and seemed like it would strike anytime.

Anger rose in Mu Nujiao’s eyes.

Shadow Element!!

Is he trying to defy everything I know about magic??

This man clearly displayed both Summoning and Lightning Element magic.

So why is there a Third Element’s power!?

Is he an Advanced Mage??

Impossible, definitely impossible, no one could reach the Advanced level at such a young age, not even those from the Magic Court!

With no options left, Mu Nujiao stood there as she bit her lips.

Before she gave up, she briefly thought of continuing to fight this guy with her magic equipment, but in the end she discarded that foolish idea.