Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1677: Aren’t You a Basic Mage?

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Errands boy, are you dumb or slow? Didn’t you see the Hunter Masters here? Why do you bother serving tea to those petty nobodies? Bring the tea over!” Li Yumei was seated at the next table. She did not want to miss out on any chance to trouble Gu Ying.

“Mm, the Seven Star Hunter Master won’t be here any time soon. Kid, give us the tea, we are a little thirsty,” Lu Zhuo glanced at Mo Fan and said.

Yang Ning remained seated with a smile. Things were getting a little interesting!

Even Mo Fan was stunned.

Holy crap, are hired Hunters so full of themselves nowadays? Are they seriously asking their employer to serve them tea?

“The tea is mine, go get it yourself if you want some,” Mo Fan placed the tray on his table.

“What do you mean? You sound unwilling. A young and inexperienced Hunter like you can only run errands for us. Do you think you can kill a strong demon creature on your own? Don’t you hide behind your team if you’re in danger when you don’t even know how to respect your seniors!” Li Yumei spoke up.

“What do you mean by seniors?” Mo Fan looked at Lu Zhuo and asked.

“I obviously mean Hunters that are more experienced and have higher ranks,” Li Yumei said.

“So you’re telling me that those with lower ranks should be serving tea instead?” Mo Fan asked.

“You can see it that way,” Li Yumei said proudly.

“Sure, then you should brew every team here a pot of tea and serve everyone. Make sure you pay for it too,” Mo Fan said in displeasure.

“What do you mean? I, Li Yumei, am an Advanced Mage! Don’t you dare provoke me with your childish tantrum. You should be glad that you have the chance to run errands for us. I can easily make you leave because of your attitude!” Li Yumei was getting a little angry.

Xie Hao quickly came over to advise Mo Fan.

“Brother Fan Mo, just bear with it,” Xie Hao said.

“This is interesting, it’s my first time seeing a hired Hunter asking their employer to leave!” Yang Ning was done enjoying the joke, and finally spoke up.

“What employer?” Li Yumei asked with a confused look.

“Him, he’s your employer,” Yang Ning pointed at Mo Fan with a smile.

“Isn’t the employer a Seven Star Hunter Master?” Lu Zhuo frowned.

“He is the Seven Star Hunter Master! Not every Hunter likes to wear their badge all the time,” Yang Ning said.

The seven people in the group of Hunter Masters and over sixty Advanced Hunters stared at Mo Fan with wide eyes.

As a matter of fact, they were also enjoying the scene. It was common to see Hunters bullying rookies and low-rankers, so they did not think too much of Li Yumei’s actions. To their surprise, the young Mage who seemed to be a freeloader was actually their employer?

“Miss Yang Ning, that’s too much of a joke. I might believe it if you say he’s a lackey working for a Seven Star Hunter Master, but you’re telling me he’s a Seven Star Hunter Master? Most Seven Star Hunter Masters are already Super Mages!” Lu Zhuo said.

1

Yang Ning looked at Lu Zhuo. She remained smiling, and did not explain further.

Lu Zhuo felt something was not right. He looked at Mo Fan closely.

“Are you really a Seven Star Hunter Master? You’re from the Clearsky Hunter Agency?” Lu Zhuo asked seriously.

“I have a partner; it was she that hired you to help me take care of the Salamander Demons. Yang Ning, you may send my information to them,” Mo Fan answered.

Yang Ning nodded. She immediately sent the details to every team’s leader with her phone.

The Hunter Union did not allow employers to send their details and contact numbers to Hunters before an official meeting. That was to prevent the employers and Hunters from bypassing the Hunter Union and reaching a deal privately.

Li Yumei and Lu Zhuo were dumbfounded when they received the information.

“This guy... he’s really a Seven Star Hunter Master!” Li Yumei’s mouth was wide enough to hold two eggs. Her face was filled with disbelief.

Similarly, Gu Ying looked down at the information, then looked up at Mo Fan. She repeated the same actions.

“Fan Mo... you...you’re not a Basic Mage?!” Zhong Li was the first to yell.

“I already told you more a dozen times, I am an Advanced Mage!” Mo Fan answered with a roll of his eyes.

“But...but... weren’t you joking with me?” Zhong Li said with wide eyes.

“I was serious every time I said it to you!”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“But why didn’t you just cast an Advanced Spell? Wouldn’t that convince me right away?” Zhong Li said.

Mo Fan was just about to say he did not bother proving it when he saw Gu Ying staring right at him. He could not help but feel a little awkward.

Mo Fan did not plan to hide his strength when he was looking to join a party. When they assumed he was a Basic Mage, Mo Fan simply used it as a disguise. He thought he would never cross paths with the party again, but Lingling ended up hiring them!

“Are you really a Seven Star Hunter Master?” Gu Ying asked, saying one word at a time.

“I am,” Mo Fan nodded. He smiled and explained when he saw the flicker in Gu Ying’s eyes, “My partner and I worked seperately. My job was to survey the Thousand Islands Lake. I wasn’t familiar with the place, so I gladly joined your party when Zhong Li recruited me. I didn’t know my partner was the one that issued the quest...”

Gu Ying was confused, too. Mo Fan had been with them all the time. There was no way he could have used the Post Eagle to deliver the message to them, it could only be done at the Hunter Union. She finally understood what had happened after hearing Mo Fan’s explanation.

Even so, Gu Ying was lost for words when facing the young and handsome Seven Star Hunter Master. She was already panicking inside.

There were shock and joy, but most of it was disbelief...

The young Mage they had randomly recruited to make up the numbers was actually a Seven Star Hunter Master that had only arrived recently to survey the Thousand Islands Lake!

Most importantly, their Foehn Hunter Squad was trying every way possible to establish connections with a Hunter Master, yet they ended up kicking one out of the party!

Many people thought a person with integrity would behave neither servilely nor overbearingly no matter whom they were facing, but was it really possible?

If someone had bet ten years worth of hard work and their dignity as a woman in exchange for a bright future, but it all depended on a single sentence or a nod of approval from a person, was it really possible to remain calm in front of a person that could easily decide your destiny?