Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1695: His Magic Is the Real Deal!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Carnage Poisonous Salamander spitting poison outside the woods had been separated from the others. When Big Wolf, Second Wolf, and Third Wolf caught up to it, it vainly attempted to run away, wriggling its short limbs in terror.

Big Wolf decisively lunged forward and stepped on the creature’s tail. His sharp claws left two huge scratches on the creature’s back. The Carnage Poisonous Salamander flung its body around in pain!

Second Wolf landed in front of the Carnage Poisonous Salamander. He did not attack with his fangs, knowing that the creature was poisonous. He suddenly reached forward and stabbed into the back of the Carnage Poisonous Salamander’s neck!

The back of the Carnage Poisonous Salamanders’ neck was their weakness. The skin was not tough enough to defend the vulnerable area. Second Wolf stuck his claws deep into the creature’s neck and punctured its throat!

It was a critical blow, and green blood jetted out of the wound. The three wolves were quite experienced, and knew the right approach to handle a poisonous creature. Even their blood would be carrying the poison, thus they had to back away immediately after they were done attacking.

The wounds inflicted by the Moon-Devouring White Wolves’ claws would not stop bleeding. The Carnage Poisonous Salamander ran amok and rammed everything in its path, leaving a trail of blood behind.

The three wolves waited in the trees while following the trail, jumping down from the trees when the Carnage Poisonous Salamander thought it was safe. They curled their bodies like bows being stretched with a great force.

When the Moon-Devouring White Wolves were right above the Carnage Poisonous Salamander, they used the momentum from their stance and swiped their claws in crescent motions. The claws tore through the Carnage Poisonous Salamander’s back!

More green blood poured out from the wounds. The blood corroded the plants it splattered onto. The Moon-Devouring White Wolves landed elegantly on the ground, and quickly dodged aside before the blood poured down onto them. They nimbly jumped back up to the trees!

“Awooohhh!”

The three wolves lifted their heads and howled, facing the moon in the night sky.

The sacred moonlight sprinkled onto them, highlighting the white hair that was drifting in the wind. The howls echoed in the sky while blood was still pouring out from the Carnage Poisonous Salamander below them. Its life force was drained rapidly under the disdainful gazes of the Moon-Devouring White Wolves while it put up its deathbed struggle!

Diving from the trees, attacking with their claws, escaping to safety, and howling to the moon... the three wolves executed their actions smoothly, like the flow of water. They successfully acted like they were some aloof experts!

—

The three unsatisfied Moon-Devouring White Wolves had an urge to join the battle after dealing with the Carnage Poisonous Salamander. However, a young girl standing on a boulder had extinguished their passions with merely a cold look. They tugged their heads in and obediently climbed back to the boulder. They sat uprightly behind Apas and waited for their next order.

There were ten Moon-Devouring White Wolves in total. The other seven were leading their squads to eliminate the isolated Carnage Poisonous Salamanders, getting more used to the strategy under Apas’ command. Normally, the Carnage Poisonous Salamanders could kill a low-level creature like the White-Marked Wolves instantly, but they ended up like besieged buffaloes after being flanked by them, instead. They were starting to lose their powerful demeanor as Commander-level creatures!

Mo Fan was only planning to let Apas keep an eye on his wolves to minimize the casualties. To his surprise, Apas was able to command them very effectively, like a well-trained army. They were killing the Carnage Poisonous Salamanders like they were merely some wild boars!

3

Mo Fan had to admit that these Carnage Poisonous Salamanders were not as easy to deal with as he had imagined. He had been prepared to fight a tough battle. He was not conserving his strength, but the perfect synergy between Apas and the wolves had eliminated a few Carnage Poisonous Salamanders in no time!

Even though they had only eliminated five Carnage Poisonous Salamanders so far, it was only a matter of time until the rest of the Carnage Poisonous Salamanders were killed. The lower their numbers, the easier it was to isolate them, and the more Moon-Devouring White Wolves who would be free to attack them!

“I didn’t expect them to be so strong when they have a commander overseeing them!” Mo Fan was surprised.

Mo Fan had invested many Soul Essences into the Beast Tide, increasing its capacity with the Magic Medium Ring. He had been fighting a lot of Ruler-level creatures lately. He normally used the Beast Tide to provide him with some relief in a fight, but he was not willing to use it most of the time, since his wolves were going to die horribly against a Ruler-level creature!

To his surprise, they were now able to take on Commander-level creatures!

Twenty Commander-level creatures were a great threat, even if their strength was below average. However, the battle was a lot easier than he thought with the help of the wolves!

—

Little Flame Belle had no trouble facing five Carnage Poisonous Salamanders on her own. Her battle was already approaching its end.

The wolves took out eight Carnage Poisonous Salamanders before Mo Fan’s Summoning Element energy was depleted.

Mo Fan had killed six Carnage Poisonous Salamanders himself. The rest had totally lost their will to fight. They began to flee for their lives into the water.

The battle did not last too long. The Hunters who were hiding close to the cave were absolutely dumbfounded when they saw the remains of the Carnage Poisonous Salamanders scattered across the place. They almost forgot what they were here for...

“Is...is he really human!?” Zhong Li said after some time. The map with the escape path that he was holding previously fell to the ground.

“I’ve never seen a stronger Summoner than him!” Wang Zhouming’s heart was pounding heavily.

Twenty Commander-level creatures!

Even a group full of Two Star Hunter Masters would struggle against one or two Commander-level creatures, but the man had single-handedly eliminated a group of them on his own. It might be possible for a Super Mage, but they did not see him use a single Super Spell!

“Perhaps this is why he’s a Seven Stars Hunter Master, and we are just a bunch of scrubs...”

“I feel like the magic I’ve learned for my whole life is a waste.”

“I have the same feeling, too. His magic is the real deal, ours is like little magic tricks.”

——

The Hunters did not forget their task. They had sealed off the path from the cave to the lake while Mo Fan was busy fighting outside. The Great Salamander Demon, which resembled a heavy tank, had no chance of escaping.

Mo Fan asked Little Flame Belle to take out the rest of the creatures. He went into the cave to deal with the Great Salamander Demon. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Great Salamander Demon had a weird appearance, and its cries sounded odd, too. The strangest thing was, the creature had no intention of attacking them.

The Great Salamander Demon was not a Ruler-level creature. As Wang Zhouming had mentioned, it was extremely weak. Mo Fan could not help but wonder if the Great Salamander Demon would even stand a chance against a Carnage Poisonous Salamander!

“There’s nothing special about it apart from its hard shell, even though it’s protected by a bunch of Commander-level creatures!” Wang Zhouming remarked in confusion.

“That’s normal, Nature has its balance, too. Its ability to mass reproduce is its strength. It can easily produce a destructive army, but in return, it is extremely vulnerable. It’s doomed if we manage to track it down,” Mo Fan said.

“Master is indeed knowledgeable!”

“As expected of a Seven Stars Hunter Master, even your words are full of philosophies.”

The Hunters were truly impressed by Mo Fan. They could not help but fawn upon him whenever he spoke.

“Since the creature is so weak, master, you may take a rest and let us handle it!” Wang Zhouming said respectfully.

“You won’t be able to break through its defense. I’ll use my Lightning Element instead. The rest of you can clean up the remains of the Carnage Poisonous Salamanders... mm, you may split the valuable loot among yourselves,” Mo Fan said generously.

“We can claim the loot?” Zhong Li blurted out. He thought he had heard it wrong.

Wang Zhouming and the others from the Pancheng Hunter Group were in disbelief!

Those were the remains of twenty Commander-level creatures! Even if they did not drop any mutated blood or bones, they were still quite valuable! The Hunters were indeed fascinated by them, but they knew the Seven Stars Hunter Master had killed them all by himself. It was unlikely that he would share the loot with them.

To their surprise, the Seven Stars Hunter Master had the heart of a Buddha!

“The loot isn’t just for you, but for everyone that has participated in the quest. You can decide how to distribute the loot among yourselves. Even though Lu Zhuo was a bad apple among us, our quest is still a success. Consider the loot your bonus,” Mo Fan said.

“Master, you’re like a second parent to us!”

1

“Master, I can’t express how grateful I am. Please let us know if we can provide you with any help in the future!”

“My daughter is fifteen years old this year. Master, do you mind waiting for a few more years...”

Mo Fan stared at the middle-aged Hunter speechlessly.

1

——

The Great Salamander Demon did not put up a fight. Mo Fan restricted it with a Shadow Spell and used the Lightning Tyrant to break through its shell.

It took him some time, but he managed to kill it without any surprises.

“Is that a Salamander Demon’s Heart Orb?”

A shining orb rolled out of the Great Salamander Demon’s body after it died!

The Great Salamander Demon’s Heart Orb was significantly bigger than the Heart Orbs of the Salamander Demons, and was actually crystalline. Mo Fan could easily tell it was extremely valuable at first glance. He gladly claimed it for himself!

As a matter of fact, he had also gained a Commander-level Soul Essence from the Carnage Poisonous Salamanders that died. Whether he was going to sell the Soul Essence for money or use it to evolve an Enormous White Wolf into a Moon-Devouring White Wolf solely depended on his mood. It was the main reason why Mo Fan was generous enough to give the loot to the Hunters!