Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1701: The Calamity of the Cloud of White Demons

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Teacher, I went to the western part of the country, so...” Bai Hongfei answered, a bit embarrassed. He glanced at his skin and noticed that it was indeed very tanned.

“Did you contact your family?” Mo Fan asked him.

“Oh, I haven’t. I just came back. I heard that you had established Fanxue Mountain, so I came here right away...” Bai Hongfei said.

“Will you die if you give your family a call? I have no clue how your sister found out that you left home and went on an adventure because of my influence. She kept asking me to be responsible for it!” Mo Fan sighed, “You better tell your sister that you’re back in one piece, or else she’s going to block my apartment’s entrance with a knife in her hand!” Mo Fan scolded him.

Mo Fan only learned Bai Tingting was Bai Hongfei’s sister after he went off on his adventure.

He had initially treated Bai Tingting as an acquaintance, but their relationship completely changed after she found out her brother had left because of him.

“I...I’m scared of talking to her. She will definitely ask me to go back home in tears. I’m worried that I might compromise because of it and go back home. I didn’t dare listen to her voice for the sake of my cultivation,” Bai Hongfei explained reluctantly.

“Mm, mm, you’re right. A man must have his ambitions. I’m glad that you said so. I will relay your intentions to Bai Tingting. She won’t have to worry about taking me down with her life, she’s going to be busy teaching her merciless brother a lesson,” Mo Fan said with a nod.

“...” Bai Hongfei was left speechless. It had been so long, yet his teacher was still so good at entrapping others.

“Teacher, Bai Hongfei is interested in joining our Fanxue Mountain,” Cao Qinqin blurted out happily.

“Ah? Aren’t you the successor of the Bai Clan? You shouldn’t joke around like that. Our Fanxue Mountain has no place for someone like you. You should go home,” Mo Fan said.

The Bai Clan had an exceedingly high reputation in the Magic City. Even the Mu Clan was inferior to them, yet the little successor of the Bai Clan was planning to join Fanxue Mountain. Wouldn’t the people of the Bai Clan come and raze the Fanxue Mountain to the ground?!

“Teacher, please hear me out! Even if I accept my role as a successor, I have no choice but to follow the path my clan has arranged for me, not to mention that I’m far from qualified to be the successor. It won’t do me any good. After all, the elders will still decide everything for the clan! I’ll let them do as they please for now... I have been staying in Fanxue Mountain for a few days. I noticed how ideal of a place it is for me. Everything is new and full of challenges. I’m able to learn more and grow stronger here. I can assume personal responsibility for the things I do!” Bai Hongfei said confidently.

“Bai Hongfei, that’s such an inspiring speech. I’m impressed,” Mo Fan said flatly.

Bai Hongfei scratched his head. He did not know what else to say. Mo Fan was being utterly straightforward. He had given up the ridiculous inheritance of his clan in the Magic City just to join Fanxue Mountain...

“Teacher, aren’t you going to let Bai Hongfei stay? Fanxue Mountain is short of hands!” Cao Qinqin begged him.

“I don’t mind if you want to join us, but you better think of a way to convince your sister. Otherwise, she’s going to think that I’ve led you astray again...” Mo Fan warned him.

“As long as teacher agrees, I will talk to my sister myself! I believe she will understand me,” Bai Hongfei smiled like the guy on the Darlie toothpaste tube.

“That’s great, our Fanxue Mountain has recruited another expert! Teacher, Bai Hongfei is very strong now. You can ask him to handle the fights. He won’t let you down!” Cao Qinqin said.

“I won’t be needing his help to beat people up. It’s my favorite pastime!” Mo Fan scoffed.

“Teacher, you are now a reputable figure in our country. There are times when you will feel disgraced to even handle fights yourself; those are the fights I can handle on your behalf. You won’t be disappointed!” Bai Hongfei grinned.

Mo Fan eventually agreed with Bai Hongfei. Besides, someone that enjoyed being pretentious like him would definitely look more impressive if he had a couple of reliable fighters around him!

“Sure, you can follow me around then!” Mo Fan agreed.

——

Mo Fan asked Cao Qinqin to guide Bai Hongfei to the HR department to sort him out. The people of Fanxue Mountain would assign him a suitable role. It was none of Mo Fan’s concern.

As a matter of fact, there was nothing in Fanxue Mountain that really concerned him...

“Damn, I forgot to give Mu Ningxue the Ward Rock again. Forget it, her birthday is around the corner, too. She might be so happy that she’ll climb onto my lap herself... tsk tsk tsk,” Mo Fan said while humming pleasantly.

Everyone was busy with their roles in Fanxue Mountain. Mo Fan was the only one taking a casual stroll. He felt rather relaxed.

He was so free that he went to grab some afternoon tea. He asked the charming Apas to tag along to please his eyes. He also enjoyed the envious look from other men. He took a sip of the smooth iced coffee and pleasantly recalled the blissful time he had last night.

Apas pouted and stared at Mo Fan’s indulged face as if he was a retard. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A while later, Lingling showed up in a little loli dress. She looked energetic with her hair tied up in her trademark double ponytails. Her youthful charm immediately attracted the attention of the people in the tea house, both men and women...

“Is it Children’s Day? You look pretty cute in your outfit,” Apas smiled. She never gave up any opportunity to mock Lingling.

“Idiot!” Lingling replied.

“You two should stop arguing whenever you see one another. Lingling, did you see the photo I sent you?” Mo Fan said.

“Mm, it seems I wasn’t wrong about the threat that the Salamander Demons might pose. I actually underestimated it!” Lingling said.

“How is that?” asked Mo Fan.

“I initially thought the little Salamander Demons were a new species that could mass reproduce quickly, like the demon locusts, and were capable of bringing great destruction... but after seeing the photograph, I think the Great Salamander Demon is the new species instead!” Lingling said.

“I don’t quite get it...” Mo Fan admitted.

“The Great Salamander Demon we took out is only a single creature from the army of Great Salamander Demons in the photograph. I don’t know how it ended up in the Thousand Islands Lake, creating the situation there, but the numbers of these Great Salamander Demons in the middle of the Pacific Ocean are comparable to the Sandstorm Demon Locusts. Imagine how great a disaster millions of Great Salamander Demons can cause!” Lingling stated.

“Millions of Great Salamander Demons... and each of them is able to produce millions of Salamander Demons... it’s how they are covering the middle of the Pacific Ocean like clouds!” Mo Fan gasped.

“The Salamander Demons are bronze, but the demon creatures in the photo are white...” Lingling added for him helpfully.