Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 180 - Shedding Once More

Misfortune does not come singly.

Mo Fan realized that the two demons was not going to let him and the kid go. They actually also jumped out of the window, and charge at Mo Fan from a higher altitude.

Their massive mouths and long tongues! Mo Fan realized that their hideous faces were getting closer and closer to him!

The rate they were dropping at was faster than his own!

Mo Fan smiled coldly as he waited for the two to jump down!

Inside the floor, Mo Fan didn’t want to carelessly use Intermediate Magic. The power of Fiery Fist was capable of burning down the entire floor, and spreading to the other floors as well.

However, right now was the perfect opportunity to make his move!

“Fiery Fist!!”

The Star Paths were already completed. Once he saw the two monsters falling down, Mo Fan quickly intersected the Star Paths, forming a complete Fire Star Atlas!

The Star Atlas emerged on Mo Fan’s back this time because he was falling from a height!

He tightly gripped his right hand, and the red flames around his body instantly gathered on Mo Fan’s left wrist, turning into a vicious, burning bracelet!

“Rose Flames!”

The fire was incomparably beautiful, a thousand shades of red. From a distance, it looked like a multitude of roses blooming in splendor!

“Rose Flames, Fiery Fist, Explosive Heavens!”

Mo Fan’s fist was on fire. Using the strength of his entire body, he shot forth the fist toward the pitch black sky!

Woooooo!~~

A fierce flame with the shape of a fist emerged. As it shot toward the skies, the fiery Rose Flames dyed the entire building red!

As the Fist blasted at them, the two demons didn’t expect Mo Fan would actually complete a Fire Magic as he was falling down.

The two creatures could see the colossal fist charging up at them. As the wave of heat hit them, the scales on their body were completely burned away.

“Wuwaa!” The demoness seemed to be smarter than the demon. She suddenly grabbed onto the other demon.

The demon was initially very confused. Since they were both going to be engulfed by the flames, what was the point of grabbing onto each other?

Unexpectedly, the demoness stomped onto the other demons back. While it was in the middle of falling, it had actually jumped onto the balcony of the other building!

A loud rumbling filled the air.

The captivating hues from the strength of the Fist of Flames were shocking. After engulfing the demon in flames, its scales were all burned away. The expanding muscles on its body were not able to endure the baptism of this fiery energy.

The demon was originally falling, but the Fist had ferociously blown him to an altitude even higher than the building. From the distance, it looked like a burning firework had accidentally landed on the rooftop.

“What a sly bitch!” Mo Fan looked at the demoness laying on the other building’s balcony, and couldn’t help but coldly hmph!

The Fiery Fist burst into incredible flames above the building, illuminating the entire neighborhood and making it look like daytime.

With such a bright source of light, it made several convenient shadows beneath a couple of the buildings.

With the help of the shadow of this building, Mo Fan used Evading Shadow as he nearly reached the the third floor.

His body sank into the shadows, and shifted into the plaza down on the ground. Mo Fan put the kid he was carrying on the ground and heaved a big sigh.

Sh*t, fortunately I’m super witty, or else I would have died from that damn kid who urned on the lights after eating dinner…

“Fan Mo, are you alright?” Lingling’s voice came out of the Bluetooth earpiece.

Mo Fan glanced at the kid whose eyes had rolled up into his head as he awkwardly replied, “I’m alright, the kid is…Oh, he fainted.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“You blasted the demon right to my location,” Lingling said with some dissatisfaction.

“That’s a bit out of my control. However, the power of my Fiery Fist is at least double that of your normal Intermediate spell. The demon ate the full power of my heaven-piercing Fiery Fist. Even if it didn’t die, it is at least handicapped,” Mo Fan told her.

“I never thought you’d be this impressive,” Lingling complimented him.

---

Up on the rooftop, Lingling was looking at the carcass of the demon, burned pitch black, as she was talking with Mo Fan.

Back when Lingling’s grandfather had said Mo Fan had some abilities, she had thought he was deceiving her. She thought it was because he didn’t want her to be in any danger, thus, he purposely let an average nobody accompany her to do the small things in Shanghai.

She had not expected was that this guy’s prowess was rather something, and she had no idea that he actually had a Spirit grade Fire Seed!

For someone his age to have this kind of strength was rather rare!

Furthermore, Lingling clearly remembered that Fan Mo also possessed the Lightning Element!

For an Intermediate Mage to use magic of three different Elements, that was something unheard of!

---

“What’s up?” Mo Fan returned to the rooftop and inquired about the situation of the black carcass.

“Check it yourself.” Although Lingling wasn’t very old, her courage was all out of proportion to her size. She didn’t have any reaction after seeing the burned carcass.

As Mo Fan walked toward the carcass, he began to have some suspicions. In that moment, the black carcass’s skin suddenly cracked. Its back was first, and it slowly cracked to the head and legs.

It looked like a baked potato cracking its skin open…

Mo Fan tensed up. He wondered if this monster could shed its skin to attack once again…

However, when Mo Fan realized that a living person’s skin had popped out after the burned skin had peeled back, he began to feel even more mystified.

The black skin peeled off increasingly faster. Inside was a naked man, weird fluids all over him, crawling out like a newborn baby!

He acted like he hadn’t been breathing for a long time. After he crawled out fo the stinking remnants of the demon’s skin, he began to take multiple deep breaths. It looked extremely painful.

“This…” Mo Fan was stunned as he watched all this.

The man that crawled out of there was clearly the husband!

Heavens, just what is going on…

After shedding the first time, he had turned into a fearsome Demon. After the demon died, he shed once more, returning to human form. Was this guy a demon or a person?!

“Help… help me…” The man looked as though he was suffering a huge torment, just crawling around on the roof.

Lingling stood there without moving. Mo Fan was momentarily confused as to what to do.

At last, Lingling opened her mouth.“Call the ambulance. He’s a person, don’t let him die.”

“Kid, are you sure?”

Lingling clenched her teeth as she said firmly, “He’s the client. If he dies, then we can forget about our 200,000 RMB.”

Mo Fan was completely exhausted by this girl. If her appearance and physique weren’t like a little loli, then Mo Fan would’ve suspected she was actually a mature, cold woman.

Alright, what Old Bao said was right. Lingling’s heart is definitely not like other people…!