Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1806: Challenging Mu Ningxue

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The crowd burst into an uproar. A participant was confronting a judge, using strong provocation!

Mu Ningxue was a young adult, below the age of thirty. Many people were indeed doubtful of the decision to invite her as a judge.

It was like a student in the same grade as others. Even though everyone knew she was a bright student with impressive grades, no one would be convinced that she was worthy to be their teacher!

He Yao’s claims were not unreasonable. Since he was not purposely stirring up trouble, the people were looking forward to what the intense situation was going to develop into!

Someone had finally challenged Mu Ningxue!

As a matter of fact, everyone wanted to know how strong Mu Ningxue was. Was she really stronger than He Yao?

The World College Tournament had been over for quite some time. Mu Ningxue had only reached the Advanced Level back then, but most participants in the top ten of this contest were peak Advanced Mages. They had mastered the Advanced Level of all three of their Elements, and were very close to achieving the Super Level. Mu Ningxue might be the strongest student during the World College Tournament, but that did not necessarily make her the strongest young adult. They were on two different levels!

The brightest student at college and the most talented young man in open society were completely different!

“You could disregard my challenge before I made my way here. It’s true that my reputation is incomparable to people like you, but if I win this contest and challenge you to a duel again, I’ll assume you are too scared to accept the challenge if you ignore it again. You should stop referring to yourself as the strongest. I had enough of the idiots around me. I will teach them that no one can ever claim themselves as the strongest. I might not be the strongest, but I believe you are overrated. That is all!” He Yao declared pompously. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The emcee was dumbfounded, unable to find any words after some time. This He Yao had never spoken a single word after winning the previous matches. Everyone assumed he was a quiet guy, but he had completely spilled the beans once Mu Ningxue was around. Not many people had the courage that he had displayed.

“Well... Judge Mu, do you have anything to say to the participant?” the emcee said awkwardly after he saw He Yao was done with his speech.

“Fanxue Mountain has never issued any challenges, and I’ve never claimed myself to be the strongest, either, yet the requests for duels still piled up like a mountain. I don’t mind having a friendly duel with a worthy opponent, but may I ask everyone who wants to challenge Fanxue Mountain to first make a name for themselves, like He Yao is doing here, before sending in their requests? Otherwise, there’s a great chance that I’ll just toss the letter into the bin,” Mu Ningxue answered.

The emcee could not help but gasp.

Many people were waiting to see how Mu Ningxue was going to handle the situation. After all, many were not convinced she had the strength to be a judge, yet her response to the confrontation could not be more overbearing!

He Yao was challenging Mu Ningxue in front of the crowd, but Mu Ningxue was challenging everyone that was stronger than He Yao in the entire country!

Only through battles would a person improve. Mu Ningxue might have spent most of her time on Fanxue Mountain, but it did not necessarily mean she had given up pursuing the higher levels of her cultivation. Mo Fan was constantly fighting demon creatures, while Mu Ningxue was dueling strong Mages!

“Can I take that as a yes to my request for a duel?” He Yao asked.

“Fanxue Mountain accepts your challenge,” Mu Ningxue agreed.

“Very well!” He Yao exclaimed eagerly.

Wasn’t Mu Ningxue the strongest person in Fanxue Mountain? Was there any difference whether it was Fanxue Mountain or Mu Ningxue accepting his challenge?

“I was going to challenge Mo Fan to a duel, but I heard the man had been slacking and going on vacation around the world after winning the World College Tournament. A man like him doesn’t deserve my challenge, I can still achieve my goal by defeating you!” He Yao said.

Mu Ningxue giggled after hearing those words.

Was Mo Fan’s reputation that badly ruined already?

People across the world wanted to challenge Mo Fan, let alone those in China, but no one could find him. Almost half the challenges Fanxue Mountain received were addressed to Mo Fan, but when they realized Mo Fan never showed up to the challenges, the people had decided to challenge Mu Ningxue instead!

It was true that Mo Fan had never been around for the past few years. The things he did were mostly listed as confidential, thus somehow the rumors began saying that he had been traveling to different places while doing nothing instead!

Mu Ningxue was too lazy to clarify the truth to those people who believed in rumors so easily. Besides, Mo Fan was never interested in their challenges, either. He could not care less about how they were describing him.

Li Kuang was certainly right that Fanxue Mountain lacked credit with the people.

She could definitely use this challenge to warn those who were not treating Fanxue Mountain seriously. She had agreed to He Yao’s invitation to a duel!

—

—

Three days later...

The outcome of the Young Adults Contest did not exceed anyone’s expectation. He Yao was the winner, as everyone expected.

Bai Hongfei lost to He Yao in the semi-finals. The fight lasted for quite some time, but Bai Hongfei was still inexperienced due to his younger age, and eventually lost to He Yao.

He Yao then defeated Li Ting of the Dali Clan with ease in the grand final to win the contest.

He Yao was indeed very strong. The crowd had witnessed his strength, so they were not too surprised by the final outcome. Even those who watched the grand final felt like they already knew the result. They were actually looking forward to the duel between He Yao and Mu Ningxue more!

The winner of the Young Adults Contest in Feiniao City, against Mu Ningxue, who was publicly known as the strongest young adult. How could anyone not feel excited about it?

In the past few years, many Mages had taken of hiding in the cities and finding themselves a comfortable job like doing some insignificant research or abusing their authority. They would still earn respect from the people, but since the crisis along the coastline had closed in on the cities, the Battlemages were now the guarantors of people’s lives and wealth, so they were respected more than others!

Mu Ningxue was known for her strength, and the Young Adults Contest mainly focused on the participants’ strength, too. Even the Magic Associations would turn a blind eye to private duels as long as no lives were lost or no public property was vandalized. The people were hoping to see a straightforward magic duel, and gain a sense of security from witnessing the impressive strength of the Mages that were protecting them.

When the people heard He Yao was going to Fanxue Mountain, countless people visited Fanxue City to watch the ultimate battle of the young adults!

—

He Yao did not expend too much of his energy in the match against Li Ting. He went to Fanxue Mountain after resting for only one night. He was determined to have a showdown with Mu Ningxue!