Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 183 - Parasitic Magical Beast on Campus

Lingling was also stunned.

The most unique traits of the parasite demons were how concealed they were and how they could spread like a virus.

In fact, some parasite demons were contagious, but it has been quite some time since the last appearance of such creatures!

“Wait a minute, let me confirm this with someone,” said Lingling, calling someone hurriedly as she, obviously understood how dire the situation was right now.

Mo Fan could only sit at the side worriedly while Lingling reported the situation to the person on the other end of the phone.

“She is asking that if the demoness had the habit of drinking blood,” asked Lingling.

“Yes, when I traced the demoness that night to room 102, she hung a girl up in the ceiling and waited for the girl’s blood to drip into her mouth,” replied Mo Fan.

Lingling then quickly passed the answer of Mo Fan to the woman on the other end of the phone.

Not more than a few seconds later, Lingling hung up the phone. Mo Fan saw panic and blankness in her eyes as her expression changed drastically.

And after she hung up the phone, Lingling stared at the red dots with a weird expression.

“The numbers of the red dots are increasing…” Mo Fan trailed off in a very serious tone.

“How is this happening… how… These red dots are right nearby, could it be that these things are all around…” said Lingling in disbelief.

Even as a Senior Hunter, it was extremely rare for her to encounter a situation like this; contagious parasite demons were as scary as a plague!

“Could it be that the demon did not kill that short-haired girl because she was trying to infect her??” speculated the horrified Mo Fan.

He could still clearly remember that the demoness was slowly taking her time, when in truth, she could have killed the girl right away!

“It must have injected her blood into the girl and hung her up to completely exsanguinate her own blood…” said Lingling.

“That girl has been infested and she will turn into one of them at night, which means that this school…” Mo Fan trailed off, a shiver going down his spine when he looked at the red dots on the digital map.

The school had been infected!

The short-haired girl did not die, and presumably like that male demon, she has no idea what she did and she would even not be able to know that she would shed her skin and head out to suck blood!!

Oh gods, the school was filled with the nutrients essential to these parasite demons!

The tracker was working perfectly!

It precisely tracked the blood of the demon, but thanks to the short-haired girl that was infected by its blood, who then proceeded to infect the others, there were now countless infected people that carried the same blood!!

Mo Fan and Lingling looked into one another’s eyes, and saw the disbelief there.

“Fan Mo, night has arrived…” Lingling said softly, as she looked at the silent surroundings of the school and the dark sky.

“I… I know,” Mo Fan whispered back, inhaling deeply.

“I will notify the Hunter Union right away… Strange, why are all these red dots heading in one direction at the same time?” said Lingling.

“We are all on a holiday, but if I’m not mistaken, there is a concert at the school’s stadium tonight, and the tickets completely were sold out!” blurted out Mo Fan, as he recalled the event that Zhang Pinggu told him about.

“They probably have not shed their skins yet. The people of the Hunter’s Union will not make it in time, and when they get here, the entire stadium will have turned into the monsters’ canteen. Once everyone in the stadium is fully infected, things will get out of hand!” said Lingling.

“Besides, the people of Hunter’s Union probably won't be able identify who is infected and who is not…,” added Mo Fan grimly.

Due to the holiday, most of the teachers were absent now.

Although the majority of the students were already gone, there were still over seven thousand students heading to the concert!

The stadium was extremely large, and with the many hallways, stairways, and rooms, the interior of the stadium was a maze. The only place within the stadium that was spacious was the arena, but with so many students in the stadium, it was practically impossible to deal with them one by one in a short time!

”The concert is about to start soon, but the red dots are still increasing, they are spreading like a virus at a very fast pace!!” shouted Lingling as she watched the rapidly spreading red dots.

“What can we do to stop this? I can’t possibly lay my hands on normal people carrying the infected blood!” asked Mo Fan asked quickly.

“Sister told me that the demon blood might be gathered at the thumbs of those infected, so just opening up a tiny wound and flushing out the infected blood from those who have yet to shed skin will do. As for those who have already shed their skins, you will have to kill them like you killed that male demon previously, and they will revert to normal!” said Lingling.

“Got it! Inform the Hunter Union and the teachers of the school right away, and request immediate assistance! I will head to the stadium first and you will assist me from afar, tell me which of them are carrying the infected blood!” Mo Fan said hurriedly.

“Ok, you be careful! These demons are extremely dangerous, and please don’t die!” replied Lingling worryingly.

“It’s not like you have never seen my capabilities. Enough said, every second wasted means another person getting infected!” said Mo Fan.

Through the shadows around him, Mo Fan merged with the darkness and quickly rushed towards the stadium.

-------------------

“Sh*t, it’s just the concert of an idol, why are there so many of you there! Fuck, you guys just made my work even harder!” swore Mo Fan as he swiftly rushed towards the stadium.

The stadium was still quite some distance away from him. By the time Mo Fan got there, three minutes had already passed.

When he arrived, there was no one outside of the stadium anymore, as everyone had entered to see the show.

“Fan Mo, I’ve contacted someone in the higher up of your school, and he said that I am pulling a prank!” Lingling told him angrily. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“That’s normal, you are just a loli, do you think he will believe what you said? Have you reported this to the Hunter’s Union?”

“Yeah, someone at a higher rank than me has contacted the school,” replied Lingling, sounding quite annoyed.

“Good.”

”Fan Mo, Fan Mo! There is one at the entrance!!” Lingling’s voice was filled with tension.

Mo Fan was now at the entrance, and saw nothing but a very big display stage with the poster of a very cute and pretty female idol in front of him.

Perhaps due to the concert, the lights around were not switched on, and everything was dark.

“Tell me the distance and direction,” whispered Mo Fan.

“Go straight, about ten meters.”

“There’s nothing here, are you sure?”

“The black and red dot has already merged together on my map, you still see nothing?” asked Lingling nervously.

“No, I see noth… oh fuck, it’s on the ceiling!”

Outside of the school, Lingling’s heart started pumping quickly; she had no idea what happened, but she could hear rattling noises through her headphones!