Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1831: Battle Against Evil Star

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

A cold star dove through the mist, descending aggressively. It clearly indicated the Manta Ray Bird Emperor’s hostility to Mo Fan!

The chain rattled under the moonlight. The Manta Ray Bird Emperor did not let out a cry when it suddenly dove from the sky. Its wings sliced through the air and ignored its resistance!

Its dark-silver shiny scales tore through the veil of the night and sliced the moonlight in half like a vengeful sword. Mo Fan was still two hundred meters away from the creature, yet his body was overwhelmed by fear, as if he had just been sliced in half!

Mo Fan stared at the creature coming at him, descending like a falling star. He did not budge, yet his body began to split from one to two, then four, then sixteen!

Mo Fan’s shadows stood in a row, each perfectly resembling him. He was now covered by a layer of shadow which concealed his original colors.

The Manta Ray Bird Emperor was diving right at Mo Fan. Its move immediately took out twelve of the shadows that Mo Fan had split into. However, when it realized none of them was the real one, it suddenly turned in the air at an unbelievable angle and attacked the remaining four shadows instead!

Most flying creatures would move in an arc while they were turning in the air. Even the strongest winged beasts would still need to bank somewhat to greatly alter the angle they were flying at. However, the Manta Ray Bird Emperor had changed its angle right away. Its path was almost an L-shape. It went from a vertical slash to a horizontal slash without any time in between them!

Mo Fan was indeed among the four remaining shadows. He was given a great scare when he saw how Evil Star had turned so quickly in the air. He no longer dared to fool around with his shadows when he saw the air slashes approaching rapidly. He immediately engulfed himself in flames and launched himself to a taller tree.

The Manta Ray Bird Emperor was below Mo Fan when it glided past him. It had sliced through the trees along its flying path in a perfectly straight line.

Mo Fan began to fall as he had lost his balance. Meanwhile, the Manta Ray Bird Emperor had already made its turn, hovering again in the air. The Manta Ray Bird Emperor did seem more like a manta ray in the deep sea. It was cool-looking, yet intimidating!

The Manta Ray Evil Bird would not let the human who provoked it go so easily. It suddenly beat its wings in Mo Fan’s direction.

Mo Fan saw sharp flickers on the edges of the Manta Ray Bird Emperor’s wings, and two enormous crescent-shaped shockwaves sprang toward him from his left and right. They produced a piercing screech as they traveled through the air. It sounded like a gigantic bee beating its wings at an insane speed. Mo Fan knew the shockwaves could easily slice through a mountain, let alone his vulnerable human body!

Mo Fan was prepared for it. A Star Constellation close to completion was already under his feet. When the terrifying wing slashes arrived, he had vanished before the wing slashes crossed paths at his former location.

Mo Fan reappeared a hundred meters away, feeling a burning sensation from his shoulders. He looked at them and saw both his shoulders bleeding. The wing blades were simply too quick for him. They had still managed to hurt him even when he had entered the other dimension while casting Blink. If he had not been prepared, he might have come out of the dimension in two halves instead!

“How ferocious, I like it!” Mo Fan ignored the minor cuts on his shoulders, as they would stop bleeding on their own. Mo Fan’s body had a certain self-healing ability, perhaps because he had eaten a lot of that sacred medicine that Xinxia had given him. (cough, Demon Element, cough)

One must view the most spacious ocean and ride the most savage bird on the island when viewing the world. Mo Fan was determined to subdue the Manta Ray Bird Emperor and make it his mount today. It seemed like he would have to show some of his true capabilities!

“Little Flame Belle, show it what we have!” Mo Fan clenched his fists as if he was going to unleash all the power in his body.

The Meteor Scarlet, Calamity Fire, and Ardent Sunset of different colors circled around Mo Fan like dragons. When they intertwined above him, the flames poured down like lava and turned him into a warrior in burning armor. The flames spread fiercely above the island, dying the clouds red!

“Flame Ripple!”

Mo Fan could now wield Flame Belle’s outstanding control over the Fire Element. He rapidly unleashed the flames around him in a ripple. The flames spread across the sky above the trees and sprang at the Manta Ray Bird Emperor on the other side! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The Manta Ray Bird Emperor was obviously not a fan of heat. With a flicker from its back, a blue pillar of water surged forward and crashed into Mo Fan’s flames. The water and fire instantly produced a huge cloud of steam above Dawn Island.

However, the Manta Ray Bird Emperor’s water was obviously inferior to Mo Fan’s three Soul-grade Flames, and the flames started pushing toward the Manta Ray Bird Emperor. However, the Manta Ray Bird Emperor simply rose twenty meters higher into the air to dodge the flames with ease.

“Again!” Mo Fan was extremely quick at gathering the flames to him. His Fire Magic had gotten stronger.

He unleashed the Flame Ripple once again, but this time, he had applied the Seal of Order on it, enabling it to track down the Manta Ray Bird Emperor while it was flying.

The Manta Ray Bird Emperor dodged to the left to move away from the Flame Ripple’s path, but the flames oddly altered direction along the way just enough to strike the Manta Ray Bird Emperor.

The Manta Ray Bird Emperor suddenly moved downward when the Flame Ripple approached it, dodging the flames once again.

Even though Mo Fan’s Seal of Order had given the Flame Ripple the ability to chase after its target, the Manta Ray Bird Emperor was only dodging the flames at close distance. It was impossible for the Seal of Order to manipulate the angle of the spell in time.

“Such quick reflexes!” Mo Fan was startled.

Mo Fan did not use the Seal of Order at first, hoping that the Manta Ray Bird Emperor might lower its guard. He had only used it on the second Flame Ripple to alter its angle out of nowhere, yet the Manta Ray Bird Emperor still managed to react in time to dodge it...