Chapter 1839: Fiendish Evil Spirit

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan was covered in blood as thick as paint. He quickly treated his injuries and glanced in the direction the carnelian Manta Ray Evil Bird had gone. He formed a lightning orb in his left hand and tossed it at the creature.

The lightning arcs emitted by the lightning orb spread over ten meters into its surroundings. The Lesser Featherless Birds died instantly when the lightning whips caught them. The carnelian Manta Ray Evil Bird which had injured Mo Fan noticed something terrifying catching up to it. It quickly sped up and swam about nimbly, trying to dodge the lightning.

Mo Fan obviously would not let the creature escape so easily. The lightning orb was already enhanced with the Seal of Order. Mo Fan had left the same seal on the creature’s back when it sliced off the flesh on his thigh. The lightning spell was sure to land on it, unless the creature was quick enough to alter its path in the shortest time possible, similar to the Manta Ray Bird Emperor!

As Mo Fan thought, the lightning orb finally struck the carnelian Manta Ray Evil Bird on the head around six hundred meters away. Even scarier lightning bolts flashed in the area. The lightning whips looked like an enraged monster from afar, its tentacles unleashing its wrath. It was swinging its electrifying tentacles around wildly. The lightning arcs produced by the explosion caught every single Manta Ray Evil Bird within two hundred meters of it!

The lightning discharges lasted for quite a while. Blurred figures sank to the seabed like dark rain. It was a huge number of Lesser Featherless Birds and the Manta Ray Evil Birds, including the strong carnelian Manta Ray Evil Bird. Not a single one of them survived.

The Lightning Element was even stronger underwater. Although there was a greater difficulty in controlling the spells underwater, Lightning Magic was just as deadly. It allowed Mo Fan to recover some of his lost ground!

Mo Fan immediately swam a few hundred meters closer to the surface while the rest of the creatures were still dazzled by the deadly lightning. Previously, he had been surrounded by boundless darkness, but after swimming up for some time, he could faintly feel the warm sunlight from above.

“Hang in there, we are almost at the surface!” Mo Fan blurted out when he saw the Bird Emperor was about to close its eyes.

The Manta Ray Evil Birds obviously knew Mo Fan was not good at fighting underwater. They waited for the lightning to dissipate before gathering above Mo Fan like crows. They extended their wings and manipulated the flow of the water together.

The area above was pitch-black, but the Manta Ray Evil Birds had distanced themselves from one another evenly, and were now stirring up the waves like a tornado. The waves soon formed a huge maelstrom!

The creatures were now aware of how deadly Mo Fan’s Lightning was, so they did not engage Mo Fan directly. They were planning to trap Mo Fan and the Bird Emperor underwater forever by keeping them away from the surface.

Mo Fan found himself in a pinch once again when facing the black maelstrom. He was being dragged back to the bottomless abyss after he finally had a chance to swim closer to the surface.

Shadows dashed around and left a few cuts on his body without him noticing. The Bird Emperor too was also being cut by the creatures. They would eventually shred Mo Fan and the Bird Emperor into pieces by slowly closing in. The Lesser Featherless Birds were moving around rapidly in the maelstrom. It was like an enormous flesh-grinding jar! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

“Damn it, if I could reach the surface, you would all die!” Mo Fan was furious.

Normally, Mo Fan was able to secure a foothold with his flames when he was fighting against huge numbers. He would then intimidate and destroy his enemy with the Lightning Element. Mo Fan was fearless every time he was up against countless demon creatures since the combination of his Fire and Lightning Elements was just too destructive. However, he was struggling to fend off the Manta Ray Evil Birds with just the Lightning Element.

“Wisps of Will!”

Mo Fan cast a Space Spell. His Will quickly traced the Lesser Featherless Birds and forced them to collide with one another. The maelstrom was soon filled with the carcasses of Featherless Birds. Even the remains of the Manta Ray Evil Birds which Mo Fan had killed previously with his Lightning Magic were dragged into the maelstrom too, generating a terrible smell.

“Shadow Fiend: Plaza of Death!”

Mo Fan finally found the right time to use his Shadow Magic after the Dark Material had thoroughly spread across the area!

The Shadow Element was very effective deep in the water. Mo Fan had been spreading the Fiendish Night throughout the battle, waiting for the Dark Material to germinate!

The Sapphire Manta Ray Evil Birds and the Lesser Featherless Birds were still manipulating the current. They were like water ghosts howling and dragging their prey to the bottom of the sea. However, a strong wave of darkness soon engulfed Mo Fan, his eyes gleaming coldly!

As he gave the order, countless shadow fiends slowly rose from the Featherless Birds, like demons that had finally woken up after hiding in the creatures’ bodies for a long time.

The shadows lifted their weapons murderously. It was like every Featherless Bird was possessed by an evil spirit, which had come to sentence them to death. The evil spirits attached themselves to the creatures and lifted their axes high, waiting to behead their targets!

The slashes took place at the exact same time. None of the shadow fiends missed their attempts. They were attached to the back of more than three hundred Featherless Birds, who had all turned headless within one second!

The undercurrents were still in disorder. Countless heads from the Featherless Birds were spinning around Mo Fan. Their blood was thick enough to form a blood-red sea dragon. The rest of the Lesser Featherless Birds immediately fled for their lives when they saw the heads and the dead bodies. They dared not stay any longer in the cursed water!

The evil spirits disappeared after fulfilling their duties. Mo Fan felt a lot better when the maelstrom finally dissipated.

“These Fiendish Evil Spirits are unusually strong. Feng Zhoulong didn’t lie to me,” Mo Fan murmured to himself.

It was Mo Fan’s first time using his new ability, Fiendish Evil Spirit. It was a Shadow Spell imbued with the Curse Element!

Mo Fan tried out the spell for the first time after the Dark Material had spread across the place. To his surprise, the Fiendish Evil Spirits simply attached themselves to the Manta Ray Evil Birds and sliced their heads off in an instant. He was delighted when their heads all fell off at the same time!

The money he had spent was definitely worth it!