Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1846: Icestorm Meteor Hammer

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan’s eyes widened upon witnessing this scene.

The Evil Caning Spirit?

Mo Fan initially thought Feng Zhoulong was bluffing him when he mentioned the special ability derived from the combination of the Curse and Shadow Elements. The man had claimed he could randomly Summon a powerful imp, which would constantly follow the enemy like a phantom and whip them at the worst times!

The Evil Caning Spirit had not appeared when Mo Fan was battling against the Manta Ray Evil Birds. Thousands of creatures had been hostile toward him, yet the Evil Caning Spirit did not show up even once. What were the odds?

Mo Fan had used the Shadow Fiend: Plaza of Death underwater. The Shadow Fiends that beheaded the Manta Ray Evil Birds were the upgraded version of the Rebelling Shadows. Mo Fan had to spread his Dark Material and expend Soul Remnants to Summon them! They were not the real Evil Caning Spirit, since Feng Zhoulong had mentioned how powerful the Evil Canning Spirit was!

Mo Fan had spent a long time spreading the Dark Material, but the Evil Caning Spirit never showed up. However, it had appeared when there was not even the slightest presence of the Shadow Element nearby. It actually showed up randomly, just as Feng Zhoulong had claimed. Perhaps it was solely dependent on the Evil Caning Spirit’s mood.

Mo Fan had to admit that he could feel the pain when the whip landed on Zhu Qi. Imagine being struck by a whip that was supposed to be used on monsters and demons. How insane!

Zhu Qi climbed back to his feet. Two long stalks were stuck in his nostrils. He suddenly looked rather comical, instead of his previous grim appearance.

He touched his back and noticed a huge swathe of his skin had been torn apart. Not only did the skin dry out, his flesh had even started to rot! It looked like he had been hit by a whip on the same spot hundreds of times...

Zhu Qi groaned angrily. He looked around him, searching for the Evil Caning Spirit that had ambushed him.

However, the Evil Canning Spirit was a kind of phantom, and its primary Element was the Curse Element. It immediately vanished into thin air with its distinctive laughter after successfully pulling the prank on the man. Zhu Qi could not track it down.

“You... what kind of magic was that!?” Zhu Qi snarled.

It was impossible to defend against Curse Magic with other spells or equipment. Its power was similar to the process of digging a trap. If the user wanted the Curse to come into effect right away, the trap would only inflict injure minor injuries on the target. However, if the user dug further and deeper before luring the target into the trap, the target of the Curse would suffer worse injuries, or even die to it.

The Caning Evil Spirit was obviously the kind of Curse that would come into effect instantly. It was unlikely that the Curse could endanger the life of a Super Mage, unless it was constantly used on the same spot. Zhu Qi did not expect the Curse magic, which had allowed the whip to land right on his back. However, it was far from taking his life.

Zhu Qi did not expect Mo Fan to answer him. The truth was, Mo Fan was even more dumbfounded than Zhu Qi. It was his first time seeing the Evil Caning Imp, too!

It might be a little imp, but it was also the most adorable little angel in Mo Fan’s eyes at that particular instant. The whip had come at such a perfect time, right when Zhu Qi was just about to complete his Super Spell. It had immediately relieved Mo Fan from enormous pressure.

Mo Fan immediately pointed at the sky. Lightning soon descended fiercely from it, like demon claws.

Zhu Qi fled ignominiously. He only Summoned his Magic Armor at first, assuming it was enough to defend him from spells under the Super Level. To his surprise, Mo Fan’s Lightning Tyrant was surprisingly imperious. The Sky Lightning Claw easily tore through his defense, forcing him to retreat to the woods further away. He quickly used his Light Element to protect himself from the Sky Lightning Claw.

Mo Fan was extremely quick at casting his spells, since he did not have to construct a complicated Star Palace. His Fiery Sword, made from three Soul-grade Flames, followed as soon as the Sky Lightning Claw ended. The woods around Zhu Qi turned into a sea of flames. He could see the outline of an imperious sword stuck firmly into the ground from afar.

“Damn it, I’ve given that kid the upper hand!” Zhu Qi ran out of the sea of flames miserably. The armor of an unknown Element he was wearing a moment ago had been completely destroyed.

Zhu Qi had obviously heard of Mo Fan, but he assumed the young man was still incomparable to him, considering his own age. However, he was already in such a disadvantageous position after the first few rounds. Zhu Qi felt greatly humiliated. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

“Is that all you got!?” Zhu Qi cast a Light Spell and formed a golden barrier in front of himself as Mo Fan Summoned the fiery dragons from the sea of flames to chase after him.

The fiery dragons were carrying enough force to raze a mountain to the ground. However, when they slammed into the golden barrier, they somehow turned into little sparkles instead...

Mo Fan frowned when he saw one of his strongest Fire Spells fail to inflict any damage on Zhu Qi.

Zhu Qi still had some tricks up in his sleeves as a Super Mage!

“Icestorm Meteor Hammer!”

The chief of the Enforcement Union reached his hands into the sky as thick chains of ice appeared in them. He held the chains firmly as he waved them around, an enormous meteor hammer beginning to form on the other end of the chains!

The ice chains and the meteor hammers stirred up a terrifying storm as they were being swung around. Zhu Qi had a bulky body, so it seemed like he had transformed into an ice demon preparing to hunt its prey down in a most brutal way!

The meteor hammers enlarged continuously. They went from a diameter of fifty meters to over two hundred meters long!

Zhu Qi moved closer to Mo Fan while waving the meteor hammers around. The storm that was invoked by the icy meteor hammers had almost reached Mo Fan.

Mo Fan thought it was a clumsy spell, but the area covered by the Icestorm Meteor Hammer had extended to about four hundred meters in radius. The meteor hammers were like a huge icebergs being swung around. It was unlikely he would be able to get back on his feet if the hammers hit him!