Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1908: Without Mercy!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Die!” A furious roar came from above, followed by a dark red figure diving from the sky. The shocking shadow of a fiery spirit rose above the clouds with a suffocating aura.

Zhang Xiaohou did not give up, and was still flying away. He saw the enraged Mo Fan diving from the sky as his body was taken over by the Demon Element. However, for some reason, his aura was a lot weaker than when he was standing before the Great Pyramid of Giza. The dark red flames did not spread across the whole sky, and he still felt extremely tiny compared to the Vast Sea Monster.

—

“Damn it!” Mo Fan cursed. The dark red energy emitting from his body suddenly dissipated.

The Essence Orb was not filled yet, meaning that Mo Fan was unable to use his demon form. It was the same situation as when he had encountered the Scorpion Lord Medusa inside the Pyramid!

Mo Fan landed in front of Zhang Xiaohou while Zhang Xiaohou looked at the water.

The water was still boiling, yet the second Ruler-level creature did not come out and attack Zhang Xiaohou. It was making its move, but its target was not Zhang Xiaohou, who was the closest to it!

Mo Fan was startled too. He could sense how powerful the sea monster under the water was. He had no chance of saving Zhang Xiaohou’s life without using the Demon Element, yet his attempt to transform into the demon form had failed. However, Zhang Xiaohou was still alive. The Ruler-level creature under the water had taken off like a torpedo. It was charging at Jimei Bridge, bringing a powerful tide of boiling water with it!

The second Ruler-level creature was targeting the bridge. It could not care less about Zhang Xiaohou’s life!

“Damn it, the bridge...” Zhang Xiaohou had somehow survived, but he immediately realized why the Ruler-level creature had spared his life after turning around.

The creature did not spare Zhang Xiaohou’s life. They were planning to sink the whole city!

Mo Fan was more concerned about Zhang Xiaohou’s safety. It was no longer within their capabilities to stop the sea monsters when they learned there was another strong Ruler-level creature underneath the Vast Sea Monster. Mo Fan was relieved that he and Zhang Xiaohou were still alive.

—

The Ruler-level creature under the water was insanely fast. It had covered more than three kilometers before Mo Fan and Zhang Xiaohou had recovered from the shock. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The three advisors were completely unaware of the Boiling Sea Ruler’s existence. The other Super Mages were focused on the battle too, as they did not dare to lower their guard. As for the Advanced Mages behind them... they had no chance of stopping the Ruler-level creature!

“We are done for!” the face of the Sound Mage who was commanding the battle was pale.

The Vast Sea Monster was behaving strangely, like it was trying to hide something, hence why the Sound Mage had sent a Super Mage to find out the truth. However, he did not expect the Vast Sea Monster to be hiding another Ruler-level creature under its body, not to mention that its speed was several times quicker than the Vast Sea Monster.

Everyone was too focused on the Vast Sea Monster. It was already too late by the time they noticed there was a second creature!

The Sound Mage had overlooked the possibility. The Boiling Sea Ruler had already broken through their defense by the time he collected his thoughts!

Thousands of people were taking the bridge to reach the mainland, while most of the Super Mages and Advanced Mages had gathered at the strait to stop the Vast Sea Monster’s advance.

The sea monsters were too cunning and powerful!

A single Great Ruler-level creature showing up once every ten years on the land was enough to make the whole country panic. However, two sea monsters of the same level had appeared at the same time from the sea. Not only were they powerful, they were ambitious. They were playing the humans like a fiddle...

How were they supposed to stop the sea monsters?

Councilman Shao Zheng had warned them of the crisis along the coastline many years ago. He had emphasized the fact that the sea monsters were significantly stronger than the demon creatures on land on numerous occasions, yet not many people from other countries, and even from the same country as him, were willing to believe him. No one would ever doubt him again after experiencing this battle with unequal strength between both sides, yet who could have thought they would have to pay such a huge price just to learn the truth?

A strange cry was heard from below the boiling water. The Boiling Sea Ruler was finally within range to carry out its attack. Its terrifying force easily broke through the protection set up by the Advanced Spells!

Hundreds of Advanced Spells with their Water Curtains, Plummeting Rays, and Icebound Coffins were mere decorations before the Great Ruler-level creature. It had managed to break through them with its momentum alone.

How could a spiderweb in a forest stop a ferocious tiger? The Advanced Spells were not necessarily stronger than a spiderweb!

The Boiling Sea Ruler sprang into the air. It was covered in some kind of magical lava scales, causing the water to boil continuously. It seemed to be responsible for the waterspouts that had been occurring around the Vast Sea Monster.

Jimei Bridge was around three kilometers long. The Boiling Sea Ruler was heading straight toward its center. It was going to break it in half!

A few Super Spells appeared on the bridge, yet it was already too late. The spells were nowhere enough to defend the bridge from the Boiling Sea Ruler that had long prepared and had accumulated its strength for some time.

It sprang out of the water and exposed itself in the air. It was nowhere as massive as the Vast Sea Monster. Its body was half-curled up when it was in the air, like a scythe slicing at the bridge with incredible heat!

Another deafening roar came from below the bridge as the water became restless.

As everyone was overwhelmed by their fear of the Boiling Sea Ruler, no one noticed that an enormous shadow had entered the strait from the other side!

The water splashed onto the bridge. It started trembling...

“What...another one of them?”

The Sound Mage felt like he had aged a century all of a sudden.

A third Ruler-level creature!

The Mages that were protecting the bridge from the Vast Sea Monster did not expect the second Ruler-level creature hiding in the water.

However, they fell into complete despair when they realized another sea monster shaped like an island and the size of the Vast Sea Monster had shown up too. Most terrifyingly, no one even knew when it had gotten so close to the bridge!

Three powerful sea monsters!

All three of them were Great Ruler-level creatures!

—

The city could not even survive against any single one of them.

Why must the Heavens be so cruel to the city by not showing any mercy to it?