Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1909: It’s Baxia! Part One

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The bridge was full of people, so crowded that not even half a person more could stand on it. They were all moving ahead nervously along the three-kilometer-long bridge. It was going to take them some time to cross it.

Fierce waves splashed up from the strait below the bridge, the gray waves rolling towards it with increasing power. A single wave would easily sweep the crowded people off the bridge if it weren’t for the barriers set up by the Mages.

A deafening roar came from below the bridge. The people who were closer to the edge looked down into the spacious strait, but to their surprise, they could only see a brown body the size of the greatest warships!

Its backbone was huge, like an island studded with rocks. Half of its body was still submerged, but the other half above the water almost reached the bridge!

It swam past the bridge from below, produced a mighty gust of wind like the passing of an apocalyptic storm, even though it did not touch the fragile bridge!

Another roar echoed in the sky. The enormous creature passing below the bridge was not targeting the bridge, but the Boiling Sea Ruler charging at the bridge from the other direction!

The enormous brown beast rammed into the Boiling Sea Ruler. If it was a great warship, the Boiling Sea Ruler was merely a normal tanker. Its burning-hot lava scales were scattered across the water following the impact, and its body was knocked flying in the opposite direction from the bridge.

The force that sent the Boiling Sea Ruler flying had split the waters of the strait in half, leaving a spectacular ravine behind that almost reached the layer of mud and stone at the bottom of the strait!

The Boiling Sea Ruler had traveled three kilometers at the speed of a torpedo, but it was instantly sent backward with the same speed and momentum. If the Vast Sea Monster had not caught it along the way, it might have ended up another two kilometers away!

It left behind the deep ravine, which the seawater only filled in after a long time. Broken lava scales were scattered all over the place. The impact was so strong that the Boiling Sea Ruler had lost half of its outer scales!

“What...what just happened...”

The Sound Mage was desperately heading toward Jimei Bridge to help as much as he could. To his surprise, the third creature that had shown up from nowhere did not attack the bridge. It actually stopped the Boiling Sea Ruler in the nick of time!

Apart from a little shaking and a large number of people who fainted after seeing the enormous beast, the bridge had remained standing. It was still in perfect condition!

“What...what exactly is going on!?” The Advanced Mages whose defenses were broken through were absolutely dumbfounded.

The brown beast that had shown up at the end had knocked the Boiling Sea Ruler flying?

The brown beast had protected the bridge?

Screams were rising across the bridge. Many Advanced Mages and Super Mages had never seen such a shocking beast at such a close distance in person, let alone ordinary people. The beast’s back was as broad and mighty as an island. Its head was like a moving mountain, and its claws could easily trample hundreds of people to death!

Humans were literally ants before it. They could only be compared to a tiny pimple on the creature’s body!

The huge beast crossed under the bridge, its back to the watchers. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

It did not touch the fragile bridge, nor did it pay any attention to the crowd that was being evacuated along it. It continued moving forward... but it was not swimming in the water. It was walking...

The strait did not have enough space for it if it fully extended its body. It had to bow down in order to barely move under the bridge behind it!

The beast took a few steps forward. The Advanced Mages flying a few hundred meters above it were like mosquitoes and flies, and the beast ignored them too. It kept moving ahead, while the Advanced Mages backed away in fear, not daring to stop it.

“It’s staring at the other beast,” the Sound Mage blurted out in surprise when he noticed something.

Humans did not know much about the sea monsters. They did not even know what the Vast Sea Monster covered in demon leeches and parasitic insects was called, or which species it belonged to. They could only number them.

They referred to the Vast Sea Monster as Number One Disastrous Beast, and the Boiling Sea Ruler hiding under its body as the Number Two Disastrous Beast!

“Could they be nemeses?” the advisor in a blue outfit wondered aloud. He decided to observe the situation for now.

If the three creatures shared the same goal of destroying Jimei Bridge, it would have collapsed by now. The third beast that showed up at the end was obviously an enemy of the first two sea monsters, judging from the blow it delivered to the Boiling Sea Ruler.

However, even though they were enemies, the third beast was insanely strong too. They had no idea if it was hostile toward humans. It was simply ignoring them!

“Don’t move!” the Sound Mage snapped when he saw some of the Mages attacking randomly after losing their calm.

The fact that the bridge was still standing was the best outcome they could hope for. They had no reason to attack the third beast as long as it was not targeting the bridge!

As a matter of fact, most of the Mages had already frozen in place in fear. The brown beast’s Presence was simply too overwhelming for them. They had completely forgotten how to draw their Star Orbits, Star Patterns, and Star Constellations!

The beast continued forward, moving further away from the bridge. Its massive body had basically blocked the strait now, with the Jimei Bridge behind it.

The Boiling Sea Ruler finally rose from the water far away. It crawled up along the Number One Disastrous Beast’s body and climbed onto its back. Its eyes were engulfed in flames, like a volcano’s caldera. They were spitting out flames as it glared at the third beast!

The brown beast stood two kilometers away from the bridge, facing the strait.

The long strait had somehow turned into a dueling ground for the great beasts. Their Auras surged wildly. Even the Super Mages were struggling to remain in the area.

Zhang Xiaohou and Mo Fan did not overstay their welcome. Even the slightest hit from the battle would inflict serious injuries on them. It was better for them to move to a safer spot!

“Brother Fan... I think I saw someone standing on the brown creature’s head,” Zhang Xiaohou blurted out in surprise.

“Is his hair blond?”

“How did you know?”