Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1920: The Wild Lightning that Kills Instantly, Part Two

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The highest damage amplification of a Soul-grade Lightning Seed was sixfold. The power of the Soul-grade Lightning when Mo Fan was showing his Aura of a Super Mage was within expectations, but the Soul-grade Lightning he was using was double the strength of the Aura. It was wilder, stronger, and more destructive!

Even the whole Lightning School of the university might struggle to match Mo Fan’s lightning, let alone a group consisting of merely thirteen students and a teacher of the Lightning School.

Dense lightning strikes descended from the sky above the strait. They landed on the surface of the sea and blasted the Scarlet Soaring Demons into pieces while creating huge geysers of water.

The Lightning Magic could spread through the water. As the lightning struck continuously, the Scarlet Soaring Demons hidden under the water were also in danger. The high voltage surged between the Scarlet Soaring Demons like a school of fish being electrocuted. Those whose bodies were still intact eventually floated to the surface like dead fish, their abdomens facing up.

“The Fall of the Heavens!”

Mo Fan cast a Super Spell.

He did not use the Seal of the Nine Laws, since that was more suitable for trapping and killing a single target. It would only kill a limited number of Scarlet Soaring Demons under the current circumstances. As such, Mo Fan modified the Star Palace and combined the Lightning Magic provided by the Star Palace into a single lightning bolt!

The lightning bolt passed through the Space Compression Bridge and reached the sky above the strait. An extremely thick lightning bolt flashed across the gray sky before falling into the middle of the strait with a piercing light. Its flash blinded everyone temporarily!

Everyone’s vision turned white from the flaring of the spell. As their vision recovered, they saw a terrifying lightning bolt exploding among the Scarlet Soaring Demons. It spread wildly across the surface and plunged into the water. Its light illuminated the silhouettes of the creatures swimming in the water. To everyone’s astonishment, it actually showed the bones of the Scarlet Soaring Demons!

The lightning passed through the sea monsters’ skins and struck their bones. The Scarlet Soaring Demons were not just blasted into pieces by the lightning bolt, even their bones were blown into powder!

More dead bodies of the Scarlet Soaring Demons floated up to the surface. If the group of Lightning Mages was electrocuting a pond of fish, Mo Fan was simply blowing up the whole pond!

The random flickers of lightning lasted for some time. The students and teachers on the library had yet to recover from their astonishment.

The group of Lightning Mages began to doubt their lives when they saw the combined strength of their Lightning Spells was not even a tenth of the commander’s strength!

“All the sea monsters in that area are dead!” Deng Yongchuan rubbed his eyes. They were hurting a little from the blinding flashes, yet he could not resist the urge to stare at the area with wide eyes.

He killed them instantly!

They had no idea how many Scarlet Soaring Demons were planning to invade the city through the Gaoqi Airport, but they were quite sure that not a single one of the Scarlet Soaring Demons that had been forced into that area by the Wind and Ice Spells had survived.

“Aren’t the Scarlet Soaring Demons at the Warrior-level!?” The students dropped their jaws.

Warrior-level sea monsters...

The students who could kill a single Scarlet Soaring Demon on their own were already quite brilliant, yet the commander had blasted hundreds of them to death with a single Super Spell. In other words, the spell would kill all of them if he was targeting them instead!

“It seems like the president has made a brilliant choice sending you here!” Lin Du was truly impressed by the destruction that Mo Fan had caused.

It was rare for even a Super Mage to be able to cause such massive destruction. Even Lin Du had no idea how the young man did it.

“I managed to preserve the energy of my Lightning Element before. I’ll need to catch my breath. The rest of you can keep attacking with your spells. Try to leave an area for the Scarlet Soaring Demons to gather together. My Lightning will be able to eliminate them all if they are clustered together!” Mo Fan declared confidently.

The Scarlet Soaring Demons were not as strong as the Viscera Hunters, so Mo Fan’s Lightning with twelvefold damage amplification had no trouble killing them instantly, not to mention the overwhelming power provided by a Star Palace. He could greatly thin out the army of sea monsters that were invading Gaoqi Airport with another Super Spell!

—

Unsurprisingly, no one in the library dared to question Mo Fan again after witnessing his strength, and the rest of the teams diligently followed his orders. Their spells might not be strong enough to kill the Scarlet Soaring Demons, but if they simply focused on certain places, they could still force the Scarlet Soaring Demons to stay within a certain area.

The spells kept pouring down randomly, but there was a huge circle which was free from the bombardment of spells. The Scarlet Soaring Demons were clueless about the conspiracy and naively moved into the area. Little did they know, a huge lightning atomic bomb was waiting for them!

“Sky Lightning Demon Claws!”

This time, Mo Fan cast the Sky Lightning Claw, but unlike the Advanced Level version, the Sky Lightning Claws appeared in clusters. They were tearing at the sea monsters like lightning demons!

Blood and flesh scattered across the place again. The Scarlet Soaring Demons had no chance of enduring the damage from the Lightning Tyrant. The middle of the strait turned shockingly red and gory!

—

The command post at Gaoqi Airport...

Gaoqi Airport was located on a spacious stretch of land close to the shore and the sea. There were some hills close to the strait, so most Scarlet Soaring Demons were approaching the airport from the strait.

Zhang Xiaohou was currently in the command post. He was only a squadron leader instead of the commander here.

The commander was a general from the Southern Army. The man had a stern face at first, but soon looked puzzled when he saw the bright magic flashes from the opposite shore through the rain.

“Report, a pack of Scarlet Soaring Demons are invading the airport from the side of the hills!”

“Report, the second pack of Scarlet Soaring Demons from the strait is being massacred by a Super Mage from Jimei University! Almost a thousand of them were killed! The Scarlet Soaring Demons have slowed down their advance!” a Mage near the strait announced.

Zhang Xiaohou had also noticed the Sky Lightning Claws over the strait. His face was brimming with excitement. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

“It must be Brother Fan, as expected of the Lightning Tyrant! It has killed almost a thousand sea monsters before they could reach the shore. It has significantly lifted the pressure from our shoulders!” Zhang Xiaohou commented.

The military could rely on certain formations and tactics to fill the gap in strength between them and demon creatures. However, a thousand Warrior-level Scarlet Soaring Demons were comparable to a troop of a thousand well-trained soldiers!