Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1950: Super Level, Ink Shadow

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

—

The sky was dark, yet not a single drop of rain could be squeezed out of it. The air on the mountain felt heavy. The Blue Star Knights opposite Mo Fan and Kris felt like a beast was about to be released from their hearts.

Wandi was the most impatient person among the Blue Star Knights. As the elite of the group and the first person to resign to teach Mo Fan a lesson, he decided to take the lead!

Wandi was a Light Mage, but unlike most Light Mages who focused on defense and support, he was able to turn his Light Element into armor. The weak Mage suddenly transformed into an armored sacred warrior, equipped with a Magical Longspear emitting a light that was as scorching as flames.

Gorgeous!

Wandi’s magic was rather unique. He had invented his own way of doing battle with his magic. It reminded Mo Fan of a guy called Guan Yu on his team during the World College Tournament. He also relied on his Magic Weapon as his primary way of attack.

Most magic equipment was only single-use, including Magic Armor and Shields, and could only be used a limited number of times during a fight. Someone would therefore need a long-lasting Deathstrike Magic Equipment if they were thinking of choosing the same path as Wandi and Guan Yu.

Wandi had obviously come from a wealthy background, as the Burning Spear in his hands was extremely expensive. It was rare to see someone among ordinary Mages charging at their enemy like a warrior. Most people would have no clue how to defend themselves when a powerful magic warrior suddenly charged at them.

Wandi was targeting Mo Fan right from the beginning. In his eyes, winning the World College Tournament was nothing worth mentioning. Why would anyone treat the achievements someone had earned while they were still a student so seriously?

The burning Spear brought up flames like burning ravens. The flames surged forward as the Spear flashed with a blinding burst of light.

Mo Fan remained standing still. His eyes emitted a mysterious silver flicker while staring at the fascinating spell, widening before Wandi’s attack reached him.

Wisps of will immediately turned into invisible steel cables, intertwining into a zone of Will, stopping Wandi from coming any closer. It looked like Wandi’s attack had frozen in mid-step!

His movements were oddly slow, moving as stiffly as a marionette.

His flames and scorching light could not spread any further. They all stopped less than three meters in front of Mo Fan, their energy slowly drifting away!

“Flames of Exploding Star!”

Wandi thrust his Spear forward. Exploding flames erupted from the tip of the Spear like meteorites sweeping through the night sky. They sprang at Mo Fan with overwhelming force.

Mo Fan finally moved this time, but he was moving forward instead of backing away.

The Flames of Exploding Star blinked rapidly in front of Mo Fan. The explosions could easily destroy a hill under normal circumstances, yet their force was unable to break through the Zone which Mo Fan had set up with his Will. He was walking freely through the explosions like they were all just a breeze.

Wandi’s eyes turned bloodshot as they filled with anger!

How did Mo Fan nullify two of his strongest attacks with only the simplest Telekinesis of the Space Element?

“Don’t you underestimate me!” Wandi yelled furiously. The light and flames on him grew stronger. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Mo Fan walked past Wandi like he was just a little kid swinging a toy Spear around. He casually walked past Wandi and Sealed off his attack with the Shadow Element. Mo Fan then turned into a dark shadow and vanished into Wandi’s flames. The shadow started drifting toward the rest of the Blue Star Knights.

Wandi’s movement was Sealed, freezing him in place. He was wearing a terrified expression now, and was feeling enormous pressure. He did not understand why Mo Fan had simply walked past him when he had the perfect opportunity to launch his counterattack.

The Seal only lasted briefly. Wandi soon regained his freedom, yet he no longer had the courage to cast his spells when he saw Mo Fan was perfectly unharmed!

“Come, don’t you say you are the strongest Magic Association in the world? Don’t you say you are going to serve the Parthenon Temple until your deaths? I’m the demon who has violated your Goddess, can you even stop me!?” Mo Fan’s shadow appeared eerily in front of the Blue Star Knights, exuding an evil and ghastly Aura.

The Blue Star Knights were infuriated by his words. No one was allowed to blaspheme their Goddesses, be it in imagination, words, or actions!

The other Blue Star Knights finally made their moves. They were all Advanced Mages, and had initially thought winning the duel by numbers was nothing impressive, yet the man had gone so far just to provoke them! As the first people started Casting their spells, more people followed.

Mo Fan had indeed provoked them all!

Brilliant spells shining in different colors intertwined on the battleground. Their radiance lit up the other mountains nearby. As different Elements combined together, they might trigger an Elemental Storm from the contradicting energies of the Elements, which might result in greater destruction!

Mo Fan realized the Blue Star Knights were impressive in certain ways. Their Advanced Spells were no longer bound by the standard forms of the Advanced Spells. Their Fire Spells were not just simple Sky-Flame Funerals. Their Lightning Spells were not the Silent Deadly Bolt, and their Light Spells were not the Plummeting Rays.

They had long practiced their control over the Elements and used their understanding of their magic when Casting their spells, manipulating the spells into forms that fit their fighting style and capabilities better.

It was a great thing to figure out their unique style while they were still at the Advanced Level. It prepared them to become a unique Mage even prior to reaching the Super Level!

Mo Fan did not have a tortoise shell like Zhao Manyan, and could not afford to withstand the impacts of so many Advanced Spells at once.

Mo Fan dissolved into his shadow before the spells could crash onto him. The spells washed away the shadow like it was just an ink stain, yet Mo Fan did not vanish into thin air...

Ink Shadow!

It was the Advanced version of Mo Fan’s Fleeing Shadow. It was even stronger than the shadow images Bei Jiang had used before.

The Ink Shadow was able to weave through destructive spells, meaning that if his opponents did not specifically restrict his Shadow Element, he could just dodge their attacks with ease by relying on the Ink Shadow!