Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1954: Summoning vs Summoning

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The shadows were not flat on the ground in the zone. They were standing there like living creatures. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

They looked like evil soldiers from another world. Their hollow eyes had a bright red glow, like flames were burning in them.

They had come here to take over the area by bringing utter destruction upon it!

The shadows resembled the Blue Star Knights, but each of them was riding a dark horned beast and they were holding different weapons. The Dark Aura released from their bodies engulfed them like armor!

Black heavy armor, a dark horned beast as their mount, and deadly weapons with strong murderous intents: their Aura was already overwhelming as they were preparing for the fight!

Mo Fan had used Shadow Fiend: Thousand Troops in Egypt before, but the shadows he had Summoned back then did not have the excellent equipment that they did now. If the shadows only consisted of mere peasants in the past, this time he had Summoned a troop of Dark Knights from the Dark Plane! Their strength was not to be underestimated!

The name Thousand Troops was a clear indication of the insane number of shadows. Mo Fan did not have a thousand men under his command, but the shadow knights before him were comparable to a troop of vanguards. Mo Fan gave his order, and the knights charged ahead, leaving a trail of killing intent behind!

The Blue Star Knights started panicking when faced with the overwhelming Aura of the Shadow Knights. They had no clue about how to defend themselves.

Heavy swords and spears thrust forward. In addition to that, the force of impact when the knights were charging at full speed was incredible. The Blue Star Knights were covered in rotting wounds after the shadow knights landed their attacks. Their flesh dried up rapidly, like wilting flowers.

The damage output of the Shadow Mirage was comparable to a Super Spell. The capabilities and strength of Dark Magic developed continuously as a Mage’s cultivation improved. Even though Mo Fan had yet to learn how to draw the Star Palace of the Shadow Element, he could still use the Dark Material to cast powerful spells that were on par with the Super Shadow Spell!

The strength of the Super Level was displayed by absolute destruction. The Blue Star Knights’ defense was mere decoration compared to the Shadow Knights’ advance. All of them were injured by the Dark Magic, and the pain was spreading throughout their bodies. Many had fallen to the ground with a dark rotting Aura rising from their wounds. They were no longer fit for battle.

The Shadow Mirage had brought the knights and warriors who had died in battles of the past back to life under the watching eye of the evil moonlight. They were launching a full assault on the people who had set foot into an unsettled land, leaving a huge mess behind!

The Blue Star Knights were still eager to challenge Mo Fan before he showed his Shadow Element, but after they were trampled by the Shadow Knights on top of being wounded heavily, their faces were filled with astonishment now. They had never realized they could be so ignorant...

“His Shadow Element...” Combat Officer Lido stared at the area, the Dark Aura starting to dissipate now.

He had doubted it at first, but he had now confirmed that Mo Fan was a Super Mage!

The Super Level was obviously beyond the Blue Star Knights’ reach. Many Silver Moon Knights were not at the Super Level, not to mention that the young man’s strength was comparable to a Golden Sun Knight. Lido wondered if they were the ones who had overestimated their own capabilities.

The battleground cleared up significantly after the Shadow Mirage: Thousand Troops ended. Only eighteen Blue Star Knights were still standing, although they still had rotting wounds left by the Shadow Knights.

Those people were still protecting the dignity of the Blue Star Knights, whatever was left.

“He must be worn out after using a spell like that. This is our chance!” a few Blue Star Knights who were not willing to admit their defeat exclaimed.

They Summoned their Contracted Beasts and expended a huge amount of energy to construct a Summoning Gate and Summon the beasts from the Beast Plane.

They were going to return the favor after Mo Fan dispatched his troop of Shadow Knights to trample him back!

Four Blue Star Knights with the Summoning Element were working together. It was quite spectacular, as they Summoned four Contract Beasts and constructed four Summoning Gates.

Huge creatures with steel armor charged out of the Summoning Gates. They quickly filled up the area, running at Mo Fan like bulls who had been provoked by red capes. The ground was shaking hard.

“Flying Creek Snow Wolf, Little Flame Belle, I’ll leave these Summoned Beasts to you.”

Mo Fan Summoned the Flying Creek Snow Wolf. Little Flame Belle had always been in Mo Fan’s body. She was very excited after she was given permission to fight on her own.

Little Flame Belle finally had the chance to fight an enemy as she pleased with the Flying Creek Snow Wolf as her support. She went straight at the beasts that were approaching and spat out a wave of flames when she saw their numbers.

The flames immediately set the area on fire like a lake of fire, blocking the path of the Summoned Beasts.

The horde was quite intimidated by Little Flame Belle’s scorching flames, and decided to look for a detour.

However, when they were closing on Mo Fan, the Flying Creek Snow Wolf used his Ice Magic to set up a jagged wall like a frozen ridge and intercepted them. He then abused his agility to take them all down!

—

Mo Fan did not use his Summoning Gate.

As a matter of fact, if he used his Summoning Element and Summoned his wolf army, the Blue Star Knights would have lost even faster. Leaving aside the question of whether the wolf army was able to defeat forty Advanced Mages on their own, as long as the wolves were able to provide Mo Fan with a safe environment to cast his spells, how many Blue Star Knights could possibly withstand his attacks?

Mo Fan’s Advanced Lightning Spells were Silent Deadly Bolt and Electro Cannon, his Advanced Fire Spells were Sky-Flame Funeral and Flame Sword Feathers. Those spells had all reached the fourth tier, and there were also the Lightning Tyrant, the Blessing of the God’s Seal, and the three Soul-grade Flames. The Blue Star Knights already struggled to handle his Advanced Spells, let alone his true trump card, the Super Lightning Spell: The Seal of the Nine Laws!

It was terrifying once a destructive Mage had a perfect environment to channel his spells. Mo Fan was already going easy on the Blue Star Knights!

Mo Fan had no intention to use his Summoning Gate. He was just using the duel as a way to practice his spells and his ability to react according to the situations in a battle.