Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1956: Challenging the Combat Officer

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan was having a shootout using offensive spells with the remaining Blue Star Knights.

They no longer bothered setting up their defenses, trying to see which side was going to fall first!

The overbearing power of the Fire and Lightning Elements was on full display. Both sides were covered in thick smoke and destructive auras. Mo Fan was covered in wounds inflicted by the Ice and Wind Element He was struggling to stand firmly.

However, the Blue Star Knights were in an even worse state. Their defenses, Magic Armor, and Magic Shields were mere decorations when the Lightning Tyrant fell. They began to fall amid the shower of Lightning and Fire coming at them.

Mo Fan was indeed like a demon king as he stood there in the chaotic field of Elemental spells while both sides suffered. However, he was simply unstoppable. The Hand of Silent Thunder was his only defensive mechanism, and it was able to turn every attack into Lightning Magic. The purified energy was stored inside Mo Fan’s body to support his Lightning Element after he endured the spells with his outstanding Lightning Resistance.

Therefore, Mo Fan’s Lightning Magic was not declining at a constant rate. His Lightning Spells were instead growing stronger while the Blue Star Knights were attacking him. A few exchanges later, only a few Blue Star Knights were still standing, and they did not have much fighting capacity left!

The whole battleground was in a complete mess. After all, it was an Advanced Level battle. If the Parthenon Temple’s battleground and barrier had not been not sturdy enough, it was likely that the whole mountain would have collapsed.

The strong winds of the mountain slowly blew the thick smoke away. The place was now covered in pits and ravines. Blue Star Knights in ragged clothes were scattered across the ground. Some were unconscious, some were heavily injured. Those who were still upright were standing there stiffly, having completely lost their will to fight.

On the other hand, Mo Fan’s eyes were glittering as if he had not had enough yet. He had stopped casting spells, but he was still emitting a ferocious aura which was bearing down on the others with suffocating pressure.

This class of Blue Star Knights was glorious and shining not long ago, but were now no different from defeated soldiers waiting to be enslaved. Their eyes no longer had the pride of the Blue Star Knights, nor was there any sign of resentment. All that was left were the astonishment and doubts, like they had just woken up from a nightmare.

They had lost! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The whole class of Blue Star Knights had lost to a Mage around their age!

Many of them had planned to challenge Mo Fan to a one-on-one duel and defeat him fair and square at first. They would prove to the world that the Blue Star Knights who could not participate in the World College Tournament were the most talented young Mages in the world.

But the outcome...

If the Parthenon Temple had a similar practice to the Japanese seppuku, they would not have been able to retain their honor even if the forty Blue Star Knights were to slice their heads, necks, chests, and veins off!

“Combat Officer Lido, it looks like you need to improve your instruction,” Mo Fan smiled at Combat Offer Lido, who was dumbstruck as a wooden chicken.

The smile on Mo Fan’s face reminded Lido of a devil.

He had to improve his teaching? If the others knew what happened, he would be too ashamed to stay in the Parthenon Temple any longer!

It was not supposed to end like this! According to his script, the most talented Blue Star Knight whom he had taught would defeat Mo Fan in a duel, but in reality, the whole class of Blue Star Knights was wiped out by the man instead!

“To be honest, I hadn’t fully expressed myself in that fight. Combat Officer Lido, why don’t you come down and play with me?” Mo Fan proposed slyly.

The people who were watching the duel almost screamed out loud.

He was going to challenge the combat instructor officer after beating his students! Was there anyone more disrespectful than him in the world?

Combat Officer Lido wore a strange expression. The truth was that he knew that even he would struggle to take on the whole class of Blue Star Knights alone!

“About that... I guess we’ll call it a day. The duel today was, was very spectacular,” Combat Officer Lido demurred awkwardly.

“Well, your students are now convinced of my strength. You are the only one left, and I happen to be in a good mood today,” Mo Fan continued mercilessly.

Combat Officer Lido’s face was already pale, but he managed to force a smile and reply, “I’m almost forty years old. I’m no longer considered a young Mage.”

“Are you really using your age as an excuse? You should take responsibility for your actions, since you’re an adult. I actually think I want to challenge you the most, since you kept acting like you wanted to fight me, but you can’t because of your position and status. Don’t worry about that, I’ve just loosened my bones a bit,” Mo Fan invited Lido warmly.

Lido’s expression was no longer something words could describe as Mo Fan kept pushing him. It was a mix of anger, humiliation, and mental breakdown, yet he had to suppress it all.

Lido did not dare fight Mo Fan. If the Blue Star Knights were the students of the Parthenon Temple, he would be an actual authority figure of the Parthenon Temple. He only dared to provoke his students to fight Mo Fan because they were considered students and fresh blood. It was thus only a friendly duel between young Mages, but a duel between him and Mo Fan would have a different meaning. The Candidate would be merciful if she did not chase him and his family out of the Parthenon Temple!

Most importantly... What if he lost the duel in the end?

Lido had watched the entire duel. Mo Fan’s strength was utterly terrifying. He was only the combat instructor of the Blue Star Knights. If he lost, he would be too ashamed to stay in the circle!

“Mo Fan, you should treat your wounds first,” a deep voice intervened.

Mo Fan looked up and saw a man he had met a few times among the spectators. He had been watching the duel silently for some time.

“Great Combat Officer Norman!”

“Great Combat Officer Norman!”

Most people at the training ground were from the Hall of Knights. The combat officers were their instructors and trainers, so they respected the combat officers greatly. Lido was only the combat officer of the Blue Star Knights, so his status was on par with an ordinary Golden Sun Knight. However, the Golden Sun Knights had their own combat officer too!