Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1957: Don’t Wear Them Again

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The combat officer of the Golden Sun Knights was the most respected person in the Hall of Knights, except for the elders and Hall Masters!

Norman was the Golden Sun Knights’ combat officer. Even the strongest Golden Sun Knight had to address him as their teacher, let alone the lesser Blue Star Knights and the Silver Moon Knights!

“Servant Feni, can you please attend to mister Mo Fan’s wounds? He’s the Parthenon Temple’s beloved guest after all,” Combat Officer Norman said to a Servant who was watching the duel nearby.

The Servant collected her thoughts. She approached Mo Fan after a moment of hesitation.

The Servant was obviously on Izisha’s side. She was not supposed to heal Mo Fan under any circumstances, but she could not disobey Combat Officer Norman’s order, either.

Mo Fan no longer had a chance to fight Lido with the Servant around. It was a pity for Mo Fan, but since an authority figure of the Parthenon Temple had already intervened, it was meaningless for him to keep pushing any further. After all, the Hall of Knights and Haylon were on Xinxia’s side. He would put them in a difficult situation if he went too far.

“You are doing fine,” Mo Fan left the battle circle. He simply ignored the Servant who was troubled by her own thoughts.

“Thanks to you and the others who saved me in time.” Norman sounded rather friendly.

“It was just a small effort,” Mo Fan said politely.

Mo Fan was actually quite impressed with Combat Officer Norman. Su Lu and all his men from the Asia Magic Association had been gathered at the top of the cliff on Mount Tyrant. They had planned for many years to subdue the powerful dragon. Even Mo Fan and the others had no choice but to withdraw from the scene, yet Norman had broken through forcibly. He had ruined Su Lu’s plan and prevented him from controlling the Black Dragon Emperor. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Su Lu was not a good soul, regardless of how impressive his political achievements were. If he had managed to subdue the Black Dragon Emperor, he would have had great influence over the whole of Asia.

As such, Norman played an important role when he ruined Su Lu’s plan by risking his life.

Combat Officer Norman was a real man, daring to oppose Su Lu and involve himself in a fight against Forbidden Mages!

“Lido, come over here,” Norman ordered.

Lido was dumbfounded. He did not expect Norman to be here, nor did he expect Mo Fan and Norman to know one another. They seemed pretty close, too!

Combat Officer Lido had no choice but to obey Norman’s order. He seriously had an urge to slap himself to the face. Why couldn’t he just focus on teaching the Blue Star Knights? Why did he have to provoke Mo Fan? Not only did he embarrass himself, but Norman had witnessed it all too!

“I’ve left the Hall of Knights for some time. May I ask who taught the knights of the Parthenon Temple to pursue fame and glory and be so vain?” Norman asked calmly.

Lido’s legs weakened when he heard the question. He immediately dropped to his knees in front of Norman.

“It was just a whim! I thought it was an opportunity for my students to compare themselves with the most talented young Mage in the world! That way, we would be able to protect the Parthenon Temple and the Goddess better!” Lido blurted out.

“Then who taught them they could take off their knight’s coats on a whim!?” Norman suddenly altered his tone. It felt like the mountain was trembling, as if it had just been struck by lightning!

Norman’s roar shocked the rest of the crowd. The Blue Star Knights who were still conscious and howling in pain quickly knelt on the ground.

Their coats were not something they could wear and take off as they pleased!

Norman was not angry because the knights were competitive, nor was he disappointed by their behavior. However, they were not supposed to take off their coats under any circumstances. Losing and being defeated was not the greatest humiliation for a knight. They had brought themselves shame by proclaiming they were taking off their coats to defend the pride and dignity of the knights!

Norman had been at the training ground the whole time, and had witnessed everything from the very beginning. When the Blue Star Knights volunteered to resign just to teach Mo Fan a lesson, Norman had an urge to toss them all down the mountain so they would be smashed into a pile of mud. Did no one teach them they were not allowed to forfeit their identities as knights, even when someone was placing a blade on their neck?

Was this still the Hall of Knights he knew? The management was corrupt and the fresh blood was acting like a bunch of good-for-nothing arrogant young men. They were not paying any respect to the rules of conduct of knighthood. If these unreliable young Mages were the future of the Hall of Knights, they were only going to lead it to destruction!

“Those who took off their coats won’t be wearing them again. You will be reporting for duty at the Hall of Faith starting tomorrow.” Norman did not show any mercy.

“Combat Officer Norman, we...we...”

The Blue Star Knights almost lost their minds.

It was not easy to become a knight. They had not solely relied on their backgrounds, but had to stand out among the competition too! Becoming a Blue Star Knight was only the first step. They would soon surpass other Mages their ages if they had more time to practice. However, they had lost everything because of this duel!

“Norman...” Mo Fan glanced at Kris and immediately had an urge to advise against it.

“Mister Mo Fan, this has nothing to do with you. The Hall of Knights has its rules. I never expected the Hall of Knights to become the strongest in the world, yet it must have the strongest faith and determination!” Norman stated clearly.

Mo Fan wanted to plea for leniency because Kris had also taken off his coat. Norman was going to dismiss Kris together with the rest of the Blue Star Knights! Mo Fan could not care less about the rest. Those scum should not hold on to the limited positions available in the Hall of Knights. There were still a lot of talented Mages out there waiting for their chances!

However, Norman was obviously not going to listen to Mo Fan, even though he had saved the man’s life before. Norman was grateful to Mo Fan, yet he had zero tolerance when it came to disciplining the knights!

Norman had not managed the Hall of Knights actively for several years. He was wondering whether he should head off to other places or stay at the Parthenon Temple after he fully recovered from his injuries.

He was heartbroken and furious after watching the duel.

The others might only treat it as a reckless decision and an embarrassing incident, but Norman had seen the fall of the Hall of Knights there in it.

If he left now, it would be even worse once these people took over the Hall of Knights in five to ten years.

He decided to stay!