Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1989: Demon Scythe of the Shadow Tribe

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe did not have a muscular upper body like last time. It was more like a Grim Reaper, holding a scythe in its hands. When it appeared, it immediately released Soul Chains of the Dead and nailed Gavin to the cliff like the opening of a dark ritual!

Gavin had never seen a spell like it. The magic Shield and Armor he activated were completely useless, and his back slammed hard onto the cliff, his body almost sinking into the wall. The chains intertwined like a spiderweb, but were eerier and more domineering, as if they were going to Seal the entire wall!

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe let out an eerie laugh, like it was about to enjoy something.

The scythe it was carrying started swinging rapidly, so quickly that only a few black lines were visible.

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe did not show any mercy. After a few slashes, Gavin’s chest burst open as blood poured out from it. His magic Armor was completely useless.

His blood flowed down the wall continuously. It was a shocking sight.

The scythe continued to slash at Gavin’s other body parts. Even his bones were soon visible. His cries of agony were echoing in everyone’s ears and dove straight into their hearts.

The process only lasted for a while, yet it felt endless to Gavin. The people of the Mailong Private Military Group could only feel chills running down their spines.

Was that really their Colonel? He had no chance of fighting back whatsoever!

A skeleton with a well-preserved head now hung on the wall. Its twisted face clearly showed the torture and pain its owner had experienced right before death. It no longer had any signs of life, yet it would wear its terrified expression forever. It was none other than the mercenaries’ Colonel Gavin!

Kuma was completely dumbfounded. On top of the great shock she was under, she was a little relieved.

She felt lucky that she had not provoked the young man’s wrath. She would have had no idea on how to defend herself from the eerie demon that had rendered Gavin defenseless!

She recalled how Mu Ningxue had warned them not to seek their death when the woman and her friends had first joined the group. She finally realized Mu Ningxue was dead serious at the time. Even Gavin did not stand a chance against them!

—

Mo Fan’s cruelty stabbed the old mercenaries right in the heart. Their minds were filled with Gavin’s horrible death if they had the slightest imagination about, let alone did anything disrespectful to, the women. Not just Mu Ningxue, the Mailong Private Military Group also began treating the rest of the women on Mo Fan’s team with utter respect. They did not even dare to peek at them inappropriately!

“Mo Fan, you’re seriously an expert at this!” Jiang Shaoxu raised her thumb at Mo Fan.

Seven out of ten among the older mercenaries were perverts. Jiang Shaoxu always felt like they were stripping her with the way they were staring at her. She had been feeling extremely uncomfortable.

The situation had now improved. The old mercenaries even had an urge to prove they were actually homosexual so they could claim they were innocent.

“By the way, we are lucky that we are with a bunch of mercenaries. If it was a normal Hunter Group, they would most likely turn back after losing so many members after an incident like that,” Zhao Manyan said.

Mercenaries were much more tenacious, and would keep going regardless of the number of comrades they had lost. Their fear was usually surpassed by their desire for glory and fortune!

—

There were more demon creatures of many species in the Meadow. They also had to be extremely cautious around the plants, in addition to the demon creatures!

Plant demons were not common, and were the hardest to be cautious around. Most of them would just swallow a human without spitting a single bone out.

Luckily, the Mountain Frost Lotus had taught the Mailong Private Military Group a huge lesson. The group was oddly cautious whenever they discovered something that might be valuable along the way.

The trick saved many of the mercenaries. Humans would die for riches, just as birds would die for food. There were indeed a lot of valuable resources along the way, but in a place like Tianshan Mountain, every valuable had a certain danger around them. They were either deadly or some demon creatures were staying close to them. The mercenaries barely survived by being extremely cautious, but other Hunter Groups, Mages, and mercenaries were not so lucky.

There were a great many dead bodies along the way with unknown causes of death. It was difficult to say how many groups had managed to leave the Meadows in one piece.

The information related to the Meadows that Lingling had purchased came in very handy. There was information on whether the valuables were safe to claim, and the appropriate way to retrieve them. It also mentioned if they were related to some other even more valuable resources. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The people of the Mailong Private Military Group were afraid of the ninth team after what had happened to Gavin. However, when Lingling told them how they could make a fortune, they immediately had a much better impression of the ninth team. The fear they had was replaced with respect!

Mercenaries were given a commission and potentially high reward for every mission, including insurance payments if they died during the mission. In addition to those payments, everything that the mercenaries found during the mission would belong to them. Kuma made sure the group was happy with how the loot was allocated.

The average loot that every member in the group now had was already worth more than the money they had received when they signed up for the mission. Didn’t they sign up for the mission to make money? If the mission was a success, the pay was more than enough for them to live a luxurious life for a while!

“Having a huge group is definitely better. We wouldn’t bother wasting our energy claiming the available resources if we were on our own,” Zhao Manyan exclaimed.

“Yeah, we should still be in a good spot when we reach the Scar of Tianshan Mountain with them around,” Ai Jiangtu agreed.

“We can also claim a lot of valuables. This Tianshan Mountain is seriously a land of gold. Even a stalk of grass by the road is more valuable than the grass outside!” Jiang Yu was overjoyed.

“Yeah, the Condense Grass is an important raw material to produce serums that are effective at stopping bleeding. Normally, it would take more than ten years for these grass to grow and blossom more than a hundred times before they would be considered high quality. They are rare in the deep forests and mountains, yet they are so common here on Tianshan Mountain. Some of them have even lived for a hundred years and have blossomed more than a thousand times. If the pharmacists manage to find a safe path here, they can easily make a fortune from these valuable herbs and plants,” Guan Yu spoke.

“It’s really just a small fortune for us!”

“Mo Fan, didn’t you say you killed a Mountain Frost Demon Lotus? The Mountain Frost Lotus is already so expensive, and is very useful despite its cruel reproduction method. Doesn’t that mean the Mountain Frost Demon Lotus is far superior?...” Zhao Manyan asked after he recalled something.

“I’ve managed to acquire a Queen Sprout Demon,” Mo Fan confirmed.

“Holy crap, that thing is a money-printing machine! It’s possible to nurture a Queen Sprout Demon with the right method! You might be able to mass-produce serums with effects similar to the Mountain Frost Lotus!. You could easily build a business with it!” Zhao Manyan exclaimed.