Chapter 2007: The True Colors of the Scar of Tianshan Mountain

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“We are actually working for the Sacred Hall of Liberty. The Sacred Hall of Liberty and the Dubai Magician Tower have reached a deal. The Dubai Magician Tower asked the Sacred Hall of Liberty to provide them with some perfect Elemental Diamonds. You should know how rare those Elemental Diamonds are. We only found a small amount of them after searching for them throughout the Americas. Most of them have ended up in the hands of black market merchants or renowned clans. The price will be several times higher if we try to buy from them. The Sacred Hall of Liberty doesn’t want to be taken advantage of, so they hired us to collect more Elemental Diamonds.

“I found one at the lake not long ago. Tianshan Mountain is really a land of treasure. I believe there are more of them in the Scar of Tianshan Mountain, since no one has ever set foot inside it!” Bertan was a talkative person. He explained everything, even though Mo Fan had only asked the question casually.

“Elemental Diamonds?” Lingling looked intrigued.

“Hehe, many people know that the pure Elemental Magic Ores are the main source of energy for modern cities, but they are clueless about something that can replenish the energy of Mages,” Bertan kept going when he saw Lingling’s reaction.

“Elemental Diamonds are commonly used for constructing complicated Magic Formations, such as a teleporting formation with a precise destination,” Lingling spoke up.

“That’s right little girl, you know quite a lot about them! But do you know that certain magic doesn’t require the Caster to expend their own energy? The Caster is only a medium, as the spell consumes a large amount of energy from the Elemental Diamonds. For example, a torch will need batteries and the components inside it to emit light. The Caster is like the wires. The batteries are the ones providing the energy, which the Elemental Diamonds serve as,” Bertan said.

“So you’re saying that we won’t have to worry about our energy anymore? We just need to bring a few Elemental Diamonds around and we can use our magic without limit?” Mo Fan comprehended it in his own way after hearing the gist of it.

“You can think of it like that, but it isn’t available to everyone. Only a certain group can do so. As for who they are... well, I’m not allowed to tell you,” Bertan hedged.

“If we can generalize it, it would be a great invention. I’m fearless most of the time, until my energy runs out!” Mo Fan murmured.

“A single Elemental Diamond is around the price of a mansion with a sea view. I doubt ordinary people could afford it, leaving aside the question about how we could turn ourselves into conduits,” Zhao Manyan said disdainfully.

The leaders of the alliance began to discuss their next steps after they were done with the conversation.

It would soon be winter on Tianshan Mountain, so they could not afford to waste too much time. If they did not leave this place before the snowstorms came, they had no idea when they would be able to, if it was even a possibility!

Tianshan Mountain was just as merciless toward Super Mages as it was to anyone else. The winter snowstorms were going to trap all visitors. Why else did the beast hordes risk their lives to leave the mountain? Why did the Frosty Ancient Eagles have to stock up on food supplies for winter when they were already creatures of the Ice Element?

The winter of Tianshan Mountain was the true bringer of silence!

“A snowstorm is happening in ten days. I doubt anyone would like to spend the winter here, so we’ll set out for the Scar of Tianshan Mountain in the morning. The terrain of the Scar of Tianshan Mountain will defend us from the icy wind so we can preserve our energy,” Yassen told the others.

“Not a problem! We also want to visit the legendary place as soon as possible,” Xing Hui agreed.

“Since we agreed to form an alliance, I hope everyone doesn’t have any other plans in mind. I know we are here to achieve our goals or to finish our jobs and quests, so let’s achieve them together instead of dying for no reason on the mountain,” Yassen said solemnly.

——

The alliance entered the Scar of Tianshan Mountain the next morning.

Everyone assumed the Scar of Tianshan Mountain would be a pitch-black icy ravine, but they were dumbfounded by the sight before them when they advanced into it.

It felt like they had just entered a different world. White ice was coating the irregular mountains like sheets of armor. The mountain range extended off into the distance. The peaks nearby were white, while the ridges in the distance were blue, and had merged with the blue sky. It was like a spectacular sculpture that a master artisan had crafted all his life! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Most shockingly, there were thin clouds floating around like veils at different altitudes. The smaller ones were around the size of a basketball court. The big ones were like icy curtains as wide as the sky, covering the highest peaks of Tianshan Mountain.

“I finally understand why they always say we shouldn’t trust rumors. The Scar of Tianshan Mountain is unlike anything that people have mentioned. I feel like I’ve entered a kingdom of ice in the Heavens instead of a canyon in the ground!”

“This is mesmerizing. This is the real Scar of Tianshan Mountain!”

The glaciers were hanging above them like a frozen waterfall in the clouds. They sometimes felt like the ice hanging above them was the actual surface when they were walking in areas shrouded by the clouds, like they were in a world that had been turned upside down.

The funny thing was, none of their information had described what the Scar of Tianshan Mountain actually looked like. It was either described as a hell of ice or a deep valley of snow surrounded by cliffs. The truth was, it was not snowing inside the Scar of Tianshan Mountain right now, so everything was as silent and still as a painting. The mountains were like mirrors, and the clouds were like curtains. The level of oxygen was low, but the air was still very refreshing.

There was nothing terrifying. Everyone was prepared to face the Gates of Hell when they entered the Scar of Tianshan Mountain, but they were greeted by a sacred place where they could forget all pain, fear, and sufferings!

“If this is the Scar of Tianshan Mountain, I think being trapped forever here isn’t that unacceptable...” Jiang Shaoxu was lost in the beauty of the place.

“Give me a beauty and I’ll make my own tribe here!” Zhao Manyan exclaimed in appreciation.