Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2010: The Eagles’ Food Storage

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan was just like every mercenary and Hunter. His eyes were glittering with greed.

Normally valuables like the ones just above him were located a few thousand meters deep in the ground under the watch of some powerful demon creature, instead of hanging in the air within his reach like bunches of grapes. Even he could not withstand the urge to claim them, let alone the other Advanced Mages.

Money was everywhere! Each of those valuables was worth a million at least. Mo Fan would happily nod in agreement if anyone suggested they kill all the Frosty Ancient Eagles and take all their treasure!

“Night Rakshasa, can you take some of them?” Jiang Yu whispered to the Night Rakshasa after failing to hold back his greed.

Jiang Yu’s Night Rakshasa had another impressive ability beyond her outstanding strength. She was good at theft!

The Night Rakshasa had a petite, harmless demeanor. Most demon creatures were not going to treat her as a threat, let alone certain enormous creatures with slower reactions.

The Frosty Ancient Eagles had quick reactions, yet the Night Rakshasa was still able to weave through them freely, like she had at the lake.

The Night Rakshasa was fond of shiny valuables too, although the things above her were no different from marbles in her eyes.

“I should warn you all, don’t even think about taking the things above us. Our priority is to make it through safely. There are more valuables waiting for us ahead!” Yassen had stayed fairly calm.

Jiang Yu hesitated when he heard the warning.

“Go ahead, your cat will be fine even if she pees in their king’s nest. Those floating ice clouds won’t be a problem for her. Hurry up and loot them so we can share them among ourselves. I’m tired of living in poverty!” Mo Fan urged him.

“I’m confident in the Night Rakshasa, just don’t let Yassen and the others know,” Nanyu added quietly.

Jiang Yu was relieved when Nanyu agreed too.

Everyone was familiar with Jiang Yu’s Night Rakshasa, so despite Yassen’s warning, they agreed to let the Night Rakshasa steal the valuables.

“There are all ours!”

“We are rich!”

“I can finally afford some worthy equipment,” Mo Fan said.

The Night Rakshasa was indeed one of the most mystical creatures in the world. She easily snuck through the lair of the Frosty Ancient Eagles. Many Frosty Ancient Eagles saw her, but they simply ignored her.

The Night Rakshasa was very intelligent. She knew she could only carry so much, so she only focused on the valuables. The adorable shirt that Jiang Yu had made for her soon became quite heavy. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The national team followed the rest of the group, but they would look up occasionally and murmur, “Yeah, that one, awesome!”

“The Frosty Ancient Eagles are returning to their nests!” Nanyu quickly informed Yassen when she heard something.

The group was startled.

They were still in the vicinity of the eagles’ nests, so the Frosty Ancient Eagles were obviously going to see them when they came back. They were basically stuck in the eagles’ nesting ground!

“What should we do now!?” Kuma hissed urgently.

“Over here, hide inside! The Frosty Ancient Eagles won’t spot us,” Bertan blurted out. He had located a cave.

“Go inside, even if they did spot us, we won’t be surrounded.”

The group quickly changed direction and took cover in the cave.

The cave was very deep. Anyone with some common sense would know the temperature would be lower deeper inside the cave, and they would most likely suffer from hypothermia. If their blood stopped flowing, they would be frozen forever.

The Valley of Glaciers had many species of demon creatures that were beyond the strength of humans, so a lot of Mages ended up hiding inside caves to avoid the demon creatures. However, many people did not return after going into the caves. Hypothermia was like boiling a frog. Their bodies were no longer under their control by the time they realized death was approaching!

Fighting the Frosty Ancient Eagles was suicidal. They could only bet their lives on hiding in the cave and waiting for a better opportunity to flee for their lives.

“The cave is so deep. Luckily, there’s reflected light in here. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to see a thing,” Kuma said softly.

“Did you see the bloodstains?”

“I did...”

“There are more of them ahead. Have we entered a lion’s den instead?”

More blood was spotted as they went deeper into the cave. They even found some fresh bloodstains!

“Look ahead!”

“My god, isn’t that Might? I saw him being caught by a Frosty Ancient Eagle...”

“There are more ahead. Those are frozen Steel Spike Bulls!”

“And the Tianshan Howling Bears!”

As the group went deeper into the cave, they saw frozen creatures covered in blood stuck on the walls. In addition to the demon creatures, the humans that were caught by the Frosty Ancient Eagles were here too!

They were already dead and had been turned into frozen specimens. The Mages realized they had entered an ice chamber where carcasses were stored!

“I...I think we’ve found their food storage!” Mo Fan murmured.

“Don’t say it, I’m about to throw up!” Jiang Shaoxu was covering her mouth.

These frozen dead carcasses were the Frosty Ancient Eagles food supply for the winter. All of the people who were fighting alongside them not long ago had ended up like this. The Mages were about to lose their minds, especially since some of the victims used to be their comrades!

The cries of the Frosty Ancient Eagles came from outside the cave.

Nanyu soon heard the Frosty Ancient Eagles’ moving around. She blurted out, “Crap, it sounds like they are coming for their food.”

“It’s not even dark yet. Why do they have to have their meal so early!?” Zhao Manyan whined.

“Who cares when their mealtime is? We must figure out a plan. We can’t be stuck in here, or we’ll be frozen like them!” Guan Yu snarled.

“What can we possibly do?”

“They have clearly classified the food so they can survive the whole winter. The demon creatures at the back are frozen in thicker ice. They must have been stored here more than half a month ago. The ones closer to us are covered in thinner ice and are still covered in blood. They are the demon creatures and our allies from the lake...” Lingling pointed out.

“What does that mean... are you saying that the Frosty Ancient Eagles are suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder?” Mo Fan’s mouth coughed up.

Lingling rolled her eyes. She was so calm that she did not look like a teenager at all. “Judging from the scratches, they usually start with the food that was stored more than half a month ago. They are reserving the latest food supply for winter!”

“Mm, we can ask Sister Ningxue to freeze us over on this side and pretend we were caught more recently!”