Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2073: The Golden Dragon from the Outer Plane

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The blood eventually formed a long carpet down the street of the mirrored Sacred City. It extended further as Zhan Kong walked upon it.

The Sacred City Mages from different streets were gathering on the main street, including their commander, Reynolds. As a Forbidden Mage, he had taken part in many battles, be they disputes between European countries or battles against demon creatures.

He had chosen the Sacred City Mages from among the experts who had fought battles with him in the past. They had gone through life and death together, and made a lot of contributions to the Sacred City. They were well-respected by the people as mighty warriors!

Reynolds commanded his men to move into a standard hexagram Formation. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

A hexagram was the foundation of many magic Formations, as the diagonals allowed the Mages to transmit their magic to one another perfectly while confining the magic within the Formation. It was like an efficient way of generating power!

The Mages stood on the diagonals of the hexagram, with Zhan Kong in the middle. They were transmitting Light Magic between one another, their bodies constantly emitting a golden light.

The hexagrams lit up like the orbits of stars. The hexagrams grew brighter as they eventually combined into an enormous Light Spell!

“Sacred Dragon, please accept our offering by coming from the other plane to eliminate this heresy on our behalf!” Reynolds called out.

Everyone thought the hexagrams consisted of a Light Spell at first. They could easily tell it was a Forbidden Curse from the energy level.

To everyone’s surprise, it turned out to be the Summoning Element!

The light of the hexagrams reached far away, across the galaxy. A glowing golden star in a distant realm was responding to it.

A dragon’s cry came out of nowhere. The hexagrams seemed to have established a bridge with another plane, and an astonishing creature was approaching rapidly. Its voice reached the Sacred City through the gate first.

“Did...did I just hear the cry of a dragon?”

“Does this mean the legend of the Sacred City is real? There’s a golden dragon watching over it?”

The Eye of the Golden Dragon was the symbol of the Sacred City, able to drive away every evil and demon creature. Many people could not help but wonder if the Sacred City had reached a mysterious agreement with a golden dragon. If it had not... then where was the Eye of the Golden Dragon from?

Nobody could move their gaze away from the hexagrams in the mirrored Sacred City after hearing the dragon’s cry!

They soon beheld a shocking sight. The head of a ferocious creature, seemingly made of gold, had extended forth from the hexagrams!

The powerful creature emerged swiftly. Two golden wings that could cover half of the city followed its head!

Its size, appearance, and golden scales gave it a sacred appearance. Its terrifying claws, sharp horns, and thick tail proved that it was a real dragon!

The golden dragon flew up into the sky above the mirrored Sacred City, thus it was very close to the Sacred City on the ground. The shocking dragon beat its wings and left golden gusts of wind behind as it swept past their heads. The golden scales were so bright that the crowd was unable to look at them directly!

The golden dragon fixed its glowing eyes on Zhang Kong as it was flying across the sky. It was observing this opponent with a strong Aura of the undead.

The golden dragon despised the undead, as their filthy and deathly aura was incompatible with its own sacred Aura. It landed on the street in front of Zhan Kong. It was significantly taller than the buildings nearby, so the spacious street suddenly felt a little narrow.

The golden dragon waved its tail and knocked a whole bunch of buildings to the ground, as if not wanting them to hinder its movement.

Dust rolled in the air. The buildings were knocked down like toy models after the dragon swung its tail through them a few times.

Both sides of the street, damaged by the earlier fighting, quickly turned into debris. The golden dragon knocked down more of the buildings to clear up the space for itself. Not many buildings survived in the first half of the street, like it had undergone a high-level earthquake.

“So, this is the dragon with the strongest lineage, whom you all worship?” Zhan Kong chuckled.

There were ancient Totem Beasts in the West, too. Among them were Hayla, the Sphinx, the Tyrant Titans, and the real dragons. They were all similar to the ancient Totem Beasts in China. Unlike demon creatures, they were close with humans and commonly featured in mankind’s history.

The real dragons were publicly known as the strongest creatures in Europe. Any species with even a slight lineage from the dragons could easily rule over a land.

The dragons were not strong just because of their sturdy flesh. They were able to use magic just like humans!

The golden dragon was a wielder of the Light Element. Most demon creatures had no chance of hiding from its eye, which hung above the Sacred City!

However, was it really the strongest creature in Zhan Kong’s eyes?

This golden dragon might even struggle to defeat the Black Tortoise, the weakest among the four Sacred Totem Beasts!

The golden dragon opened its mouth and gathered a destructive ray of Light to fire forth. The beam ranged across the dilapidated city and headed for the pitch-black Alps.

The people followed the destructive ray and noticed the Undead Emperor had already withdrawn to the mountain. The golden dragon seemed to be aware of the Undead Emperor’s intentions, and had fired the beam right in the direction he was moving toward.

The Emperor’s black mantle suddenly soared into the sky like a kite.

Zhan Kong lifted his gaze after reaching a certain height, and his hollow eyes looked into the distance. He opened his mouth, like a Daoist cultivating the energy of the moon.

The destructive beam of Light was not traveling in a perfect line straight at him. It sliced across a few kilometers of the mountain and swept toward the King of Undead in an arc.

“Evil Moon Robe!”

Zhan Kong spread his arms after he was done absorbing the energy. The moon suddenly turned blood-red. Its light loomed over Zhan Kong and bestowed upon him a robe that was capable of nullifying any damage to him!

The robe was woven from the evil light of the moon. The destructive Light swept past like a meteor shower below the moon, but Zhan Kong was perfectly unharmed under the protection of the robe!