Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2145: Now This is Telekinesis

1

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The mist in the air had disappeared. It was not just sunny, but the clouds were burning now.

The water continued to evaporate. Mo Fan was not a fan of water, as it not only hindered his movement, it also greatly weakened his magic! However, the water in the area had completely disappeared, leaving a dried land behind.

White salt was scattered across the ground. It looked like the sands of a desert.

Mo Fan looked up and stared at the Flame Belle Empress that had secured the limelight. For some reason, he suddenly recalled her birth.

An unstoppable Flame Belle had left as a new Flame Belle was born. He recalled the resentment in Fiery Sorceress Jiang Feng’s eyes. The only reason she was unwilling to depart from this world was because she could not live until the day Little Flame Belle grew into an adult.

Little Flame Belle had finally grown up. Her Calamity Fire was purer and stronger than Jiang Feng’s, just like the destructive flames that had swept across the North Burning Valley!

The Calamity Fire was still dominating even when Little Flame Belle was at the edge of the sea. The sea had dried up, while the sky was burning!

The Cruel Sea Serpent let out a piercing screech.

It was a vicious yet cowardly creature. It immediately hid behind the Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan when it saw the sacred spirit of the flames.

It kept hissing, but it did not dare get close to the Flame Belle Empress.

The fearless Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan stepped toward the Flame Belle Empress. The blue magical light it was emitting grew stronger and eventually formed a membrane over its body.

The blue membrane was flowing continuously, and was able to ward away the heat of the Flame Belle Empress’ flames.

The Flame Belle Empress showed no intention of backing away as the Tyrant Titan approached her.

“Ling!~”

Heavenly Flames of Destruction!

Fire began to fall from the sky. The whole place was scorching red within an instant.

The heavenly flames landed in the dried seabed and formed a forest of flames several hundred meters high!

The Tyrant Titan tried to get closer, but its protective blue membrane began to melt from the flames. Even its sturdy skin began burning!

A Tyrant Titan’s skin was effective at reducing the damage of spells, especially that of a two-hundred-meters Tyrant Titan, whose skin had been refined over a long time. It was extremely impressive if the spells that landed on it still inflicted twenty percent of their normal damage.

Fire and Lightning were some of the Elements that the Tyrant Titans were not afraid of. It had torn Mo Fan’s Lightning Crows apart with its bare hands, despite its twelvefold damage amplification!

The Tyrant Titan was trying to use the same approach now. It kept stomping the ground, stirring up blue shock waves and trying to extinguish the Empress Flame Belle’s flames.

However, it did not get its wish this time. The flames did not weaken even after it began stomping the ground. Instead, its skin sustained serious burns!

The Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan lost its temper. It tore up a part of the island and raised it above its head before hurling it at the Flame Belle Empress.

The rock was as big as a meteor. The airflow around it was visible as it was hurled forth at incredible speed. The Battlemages on the ground could feel its overwhelming force as it hurtled at them.

The Flame Belle Empress did not dodge the rock. Her burning eyes suddenly emitted a silver light.

The rock approaching her rapidly was covered by a silver edge, as if another force was being applied on it. It gradually slowed down and came to a stop before her.

“The Space Element!” Mo Fan was astounded by Little Flame Belle’s power.

Flame Belles possessed the Space Element. Her Telekinesis was far stronger than that of a Space Mage like him!

The Flame Belle Empress threw the rock back with even greater force.

The wind the rock had produced coming in was strong, but the turbulence produced by the rock as it flew back at the Tyrant Titan almost razed the fortress to the ground!

The Cruel Sea Serpent was obviously weaker than the Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan, and was struggling to remain stable in the strong wind. On the other hand, the Tyrant Titan was knocked a great distance away, leaving a shocking ravine across the dry seabed.

Major General Jessica was dumbfounded when she saw the Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan being knocked away.

The sacred flame spirit might actually defeat the Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan!

Mo Fan had taught the Flame Belle Empress to attack an enemy relentlessly, so they would not have a chance to catch their breath.

The area already had a huge forest of flames. The Flame Belle Empress flew across the fires and crossed her arms to gather the flames around her!

She only had the appearance of a petite young woman, yet the moment her palm touched the back of her hand, thousands of flames ignited wildly around her before flying at the Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan!

The Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan wanted to keep pressing forward, but the flames kept pushing it back further away. Its skin was growing scorched brands like blossoming flowers!

The Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan swayed and eventually fell onto the salt. Calamity Flames crawled all over it and continued to torture the creature.

The creature let out a furious cry!

“Ling!~”

The Flame Belle Empress was very angry. How dare it step on her father!

She did not give the Tyrant Titan any chance to rise to its feet. Her will pressed down on the Tyrant Titan like a heavy mountain!

The mountain was invisible, yet a loud blast was audible when it slammed onto the Tyrant Titan. The Tyrant Titan was crushed deeper into the seabed. The Battlemages could hear its bones crack.

“Ling!~”

The Flame Belle Empress was a lot scarier than the Tyrant Titan when she was mad! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

She began using her Telekinesis to grab something else.

“Calm down, my little ancestor, that’s an island!” Zhao Manyan exclaimed in alarm.

The Three Leaves Defensive Perimeter was made up of three islands in the shape of a clover. There was another island around three kilometers away from the fortress.

The Flame Belle Empress was grabbing the whole island with Telekinesis. The people at the front line almost fainted when they saw the entire island being lifted into the sky and hurled at the Steel Mountain Tyrant Titan!