Chapter 2175: The Shrunken Titan

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“I finally found the source of their energy. Once I stop the believers of the Black Church from transmitting their Power of Faith, Mo Fan should end the battle in no time!” Mu Bai headed to the mountain where the huge fire blazing.

The Power of Faith could originate from many places in the world. They could still receive the power from across the ocean, but if there was a Ritual taking place to receive the energy, the Faith that was being transmitted over long distances would be a little more refined.

The believers of the Black Church did not gather on the mountain just to fool the people of Crete and stop the government, military, and Parthenon Temple from interfering. They were providing their bishop an abundant supply of energy to ensure the Cross Mark Demon Titan was imbued with the Power of Faith!

If a mere leader of the Guild of the Wicked’s side branch possessed such overwhelming power, there must be something they had overlooked.

Mu Bai had suspected it right from the beginning.

Luckily, Spectre was in a rush to kill him, which had given Mu Bai an important clue. Otherwise, he would never have linked the source of the Demon Titan’s strength with the incident of the Blood Sea that the Cold Prince was responsible for!

—

Mu Bai saw torches when he reached the top of the mountain, each held by a disciple of the Black Church.

They were mostly dressed in ordinary clothes. Some among them were young women wearing long Mediterranean-style dresses. They had followed their family to become believers of the Black Church. They did not have to study and work hard to enjoy a materialistic lifestyle.

Unfortunately, they were unaware that they were accomplices in the tragedy of Green Sprouts Island. They did not hurt anyone, yet they had equipped the culprit with sharp knives!

Humans could not afford to be ignorant and give up on thinking for themselves. If they naively obeyed everything they were told, they would only be taking the side of evildoers!

Mu Bai stared at the crowd. The place was as lively as a festival. He looked at how sincere and serious the believers were before recalling the rotten corpses Zhao Manyan had retrieved from the sea.

Strong anger rose within him, urging him to kill the crowd with a Super Ice Spell. They would soon find out if they were going to Heaven or Hell...

However, after Mu Bai calmed himself, he realized he could not afford to do so.

These people were only being used.

Even if they believed the Black Church could return to them the dignity and pride they had lost, it was their choice to join the Black Church. They would either be shackled and thrown in jail, or live in a dream that was built on top of others’ pain. They had placed their souls in the hands of their superiors. Their fate was decided by their superiors, not themselves.

Mu Bai did not bother giving them a piece of advice. It was meaningless to tell them the truth, too. These stubborn believers would only treat the truth as a delusion!

“So he’s the guy leading the crowd....” Mu Bai picked out someone among the crowd. It was the man who had spat in their dishes in the restaurant!

Speaking of karma...

CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

He did not teach the man a lesson last time, but this time, the man had hit the muzzle.

It would be hilarious if he did not know the truth, as the person in charge of this Ritual!

He could just take out the man. The rest of the believers who did not know magic and the reason behind the Ritual would just end up having a campfire gathering.

“Go, dig into his chest and see if his rotten heart suits your taste.” Mu Bai reached out his arm, and a tiny insect crawled out of his sleeve.

It was a delicate thing, resembling a tiny golden model, like something out of a cartoon. It wriggled and raised a pair of transparent wings before flying toward the leader of the Ritual.

—

—

The light of the Corrupted Moon that Mo Fan had devoured previously returned again. The moon was no longer hanging in the sky, it looked like it was going to sink into the sea. Its light was very close to the surface of the sea.

The light of the Corrupted Black Moon had initially devoured Mo Fan’s Burning Valley Heavenly Flames initially. The flames were struggling to spread across the vast sea, but for some reason, the Burning Valley Heavenly Flames had once again dyed the sea red. Even the sky and the thick clouds were blazing red now!

The flames had split into three layers. The first was spreading across the sky like the sun was setting. The middle layer consisted of fiery tongues scattered in the air around a height of a thousand meters. The bottom layer was spreading like a forest on the sea.

Mo Fan was standing above the forest. The Cross Mark Demon Titan had jumped into the sky like it was accumulating the energy of the Corrupted Black Moon. However, the whole area had already been conquered by Mo Fan’s heavenly flames. The sky, the clouds, and the forest were scorching the Demon Titan like it was stuck in a furnace!

“Why does it feel like this creature has suddenly lost its strength?” Mo Fan had a confused face.

The Cross Mark Demon Titan seemed unstoppable just a minute ago. It did not show any sign of fatigue, despite fighting Mo Fan for a long time. When the light of the Corrupted Black Moon disappeared, Mo Fan thought it was going to use a different power to fight him, but it had returned to its old appearance. Not only did its strength drop significantly, even its skin was struggling to fend off the flames now!

“Why did it shrink in size?” Mo Fan blurted out in astonishment.

It would take the Heavenly Flames more than a day and a night to burn a two-hundred-meter tall Tyrant Titan to death. Size did not necessarily reflect its strength, but it was proportional to the creature’s vitality. Mo Fan was glad that the creature had lost the power from the Corrupted Black Moon, yet he had now received an even greater gift. The Cross Mark Demon Titan was shrinking!

Mo Fan had collected a lot of information about the Tyrant Titans. There was no such thing as shrinking in size for the titans. They would retain their height even when they were dead. The Cross Mark Demon Titan had now fallen to a height of a hundred and fifty meters. It was likely that its previous size was not its actual size!

“So you were slapping your face to make it swell so you would look imperious. I thought you were really a two-hundred-meter tall Silver Moon Tyrant Titan...” Mo Fan grinned.

A two-hundred-meter tall Silver Moon Tyrant Titan was comparable to some of the Golden Sun Tyrant Titans. How could a creature of that level submit themselves to a mere Godfather of the Black Ornaments? His foolish and reckless behavior was not worthy to command such a powerful creature!

“It has shrunk to a height of a hundred meters... a hundred meters, it’s just like a little kid in front of me!” Mo Fan squinted. He began watching the Bishop of the Black Church, who was standing on the Demon Titan’s shoulder.