Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2211: The Power to Awaken Elements

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Seriously, couldn’t these idiots tell the difference between demon creatures and livestock?

The Plowing Beasts were harmless tamed beasts useful for delicate fieldwork that machines could not handle. The Plowing Beasts were not common in China, but they were extremely popular in places with low populations, like Australia and South America. The farmers found them more reliable than brainless machines.

To his surprise, these students were like people in the city who had no idea what rice paddies were. They had killed all the Plowing Beasts!

“How could you do this to us? The Plowing Beasts were our village’s only hope... they are meant to plow the wet fields so we can plant coral! We will file a complaint with the school!” the villagers shouted angrily.

“Fellow villagers, let’s calm down. I’m a lecturer of the Aorus Sacred Institute. My students mistook the Plowing Beasts for demon creatures. They had made a mistake out of goodwill. We’ll compensate for your loss. You don’t have to complain to the school,” Mo Fan said.

“They also destroyed our fields!”

“What level of spells did you use?” Mo Fan turned around and asked them.

“Advanced Level...”

Mo Fan felt like exploding.

Were these students retards or something? The Plowing Beasts were less dangerous than Sea Monkey Monsters. Even if they lost control and attacked the villagers, ordinary people could easily dodge their attacks, yet these students were using Advanced Spells against them!

It was like using a cannon to kill a bunch of mosquitoes. Were they out of their minds?

“How much of the fields did you destroy?” Mo Fan asked.

“We have no clue. We were just killing the beasts, so...”

“Pay us a thousand gold. Those are our village’s treasures, yet they have destroyed them all!” the old farmer demanded.

“Say that again? Those wet fields are common along the beach, yet you are asking us to pay a thousand gold for them? Are you trying to rob us?” Mo Fan yelled back.

He could only earn a few gold with his classes! These farmers were obviously ripping them off!

“We’ll file a complaint then,” the old farmer said stiffly.

“Fine, we’ll pay!”

Mo Fan clenched his teeth and paid the money. He glared at the three idiotic students.

F**k them, it was supposed to be a not-for-profit class helping with public welfare, yet not only was their reputation going to suffer a blow, they had to make up for the losses of the farmers too. Mo Fan had never found himself in such a bad spot!

——

The group passed a town that worked with magic ores. Its people were mainly blacksmiths whose jobs were to process and refine mined materials. The Aorus Sacred Institute had a great demand for refined materials. The school was on the scale of a big city, so the supply chain of materials was enough to require a whole town.

The mayor warmly welcomed the group in person when he learned Mo Fan was a lecturer from the Aorus Sacred Institute leading a patrol class. He told Mo Fan there was a nest of Monkey Beasts that kept preying on their mining areas. He was hoping Mo Fan could exterminate them for the town’s sake.

“Fast Gunner, you’ll handle it.” Mo Fan pointed at the proud student who had gone missing in the woods not long ago.

“Why me?” the boy grumbled.

“Just go, we didn’t ask you to come for an outing!” Mo Fan said.

The boy unwillingly left the hut and went to the mountain which the cunning mayor mentioned.

“Don’t overdo it and blow up the town’s mine. Otherwise, you will take full responsibility for it,” Mo Fan reminded him sharply.

“Got it, how irritating!”

——

The boy returned in less than half an hour, flying back with his Wing Magical Equipment.

“Do you always do things so quickly?” Mo Fan was surprised by the student’s efficiency.

The boy was not aware of Mo Fan’s mockery. He harrumphed coldly and replied, “I’ve cleaned them up. It was just a bunch of weak demon creatures.”

“Let’s keep going. We are off to the aloe vera plantation next,” Mo Fan announced.

——

The group continued to patrol the coastline. It turned out that these talented students were definitely overkill for the job. Normally, it would take a Hunter Group to exterminate a nest or den of demon creatures, but these students could handle the tasks with ease. Mo Fan did not even have to do anything.

They did some of the village favors along the coastline before finally reaching the aloe vera plantation Mu Bai was suspicious of.

The village was responsible for planting aloe vera and cacti, mostly some rare and expensive species with high demand among the women in the Aorus Sacred Institute. Some of the products were exported to other countries, too.

The plantation even had its own guards in proper uniforms.

The more formal it looked, the more suspicious Mu Bai was. The Black Vatican always had a perfect cover on the surface. Its members were no doubt diligent workers, if it weren’t for their twisted beliefs!

“Let the students go out on their own. We are only here to inspect the place. Don’t do anything reckless, even if we see anything suspicious,” Mo Fan whispered.

Zhao Manyan and Mu Bai nodded. After all, they had brought a lot of students. They might be using the students as their cover, but they could not afford to place them in danger.

——

They soon noticed a woman kneeling beside the road and cutting a cactus with a pair of scissors at the entrance of the village. She ended up poking herself while she was venting her frustrations.

Mo Fan recognized the woman. “Isn’t that the girl who was sweeping the entrance of the school when we first arrived? How did she end up here?”

The girl had received them when they first arrived at the Aorus Sacred Institute. Even though she was only sweeping fallen leaves at the entrance, she had still acted proudly, like she was a servant of a royal family.

But now, she was no different from another laborer by the roadside. She was wiping her tears as her hand bled, but she continued to do her job.

“Oh? Are you sure it’s her?” Zhao Manyan had trouble recognizing women who were not good-looking.

Mu Bai nodded, indicating it was the same person.

“You there, come over here,” Mo Fan called.

Lily already recognized Mo Fan and the others from far away. She had tried to hide her face with her hair so they would not recognize her.

She could no longer pretend she did not recognize them when they approached her. She forced a smile and said, “Honorable lecturer, how can I help you?”

“How long have you been working here?” Mo Fan asked.

“I was always a laborer here before I worked at the school. I have to harvest a thousand cacti every day,” Lily grumbled.

The difference between a worker in the school and a laborer outside the school was insane!

Lily thought she had finally made her way into Heaven, yet she had returned to Hell in just a few months!

She did not want to waste her time harvesting cacti. She wanted to learn magic like the students in the school, who applied aloe vera as face masks and bathed in cacti juices every day!

“Bring us around the village,” Mo Fan ordered.

“No way!” Lily said.

Her senior had beat the crap out of her because she took these three assh**** around the school. She ended up being sent back to this place, too!

“What a bad temper you have? Don’t you want to go back to the school?” Mo Fan asked.

“Humph, you are just a guest lecturer. You don’t have the power to bring me back to school! I’m not bringing you around, I still have seven hundred and thirty-six cacti to harvest for today!” Lily said.

“I might not have the power to bring you back to the school, but I do have the power to help you Awaken your first Element as a teacher,” Mo Fan offered.

Lily lifted her gaze. Her eyes were bloodshot from the grudge she had against them, but they glittered as soon as she heard Mo Fan’s words!