Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2223: Steal Your Energy and Slap You in the Face

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Nelson took a step back. The Lightning Magic he was accumulating surged in all directions in the form of lightning orbs bouncing around rapidly in the air. Their paths were unpredictable.

Some of the lightning orbs were not heading toward Mo Fan at first, yet they might suddenly fly at him after their next bounce and fire lightning bolts at him like the thorns of a cactus.

Nelson was not worried when he saw Mo Fan using the Earth Element.

The Earth Element was effective against most Lightning Mages, but the lightning bolts of his lightning orbs could penetrate sturdy objects like needles!

“Why is Lecturer Nelson’s lightning different from ours? Why is his lightning as thin as needles?”

“It takes outstanding control to reshape the Lightning Magic into thin needles.”

“Its penetrative ability is ten times stronger than a normal lightning bolt!”

Nelson looked like he was focused on controlling the lightning orbs, but he was actually preparing the lightning needles that would pierce through Mo Fan’s defense once the lightning orbs exploded.

The lightning orbs would not just explode in front of Mo Fan. They might hover above Mo Fan or float behind him. They might even be hiding under the ground. Mo Fan would be drowned in lightning needles as the lightning orbs exploded continuously.

Even the strongest defense of the Earth Element would crumble to his Lightning Spell!

Mo Fan was surrounded by the Star Dust. The particles consolidated into a round shell that enclosed Mo Fan as soon as the lightning needles appeared.

However, the sturdy shell lasted for less than four seconds before holes began to surface across it. Mo Fan shuddered as the lightning needles pierced his skin.

If it wasn’t for his outstanding Lightning Resistance, the lightning needles that broke through his defense would have left him with holes!

Mo Fan’s Lightning Resistance was still not effective enough against the lightning needles. It was similar to a man throwing punches at him. The injuries he sustained were only minimal as long as his muscles were sturdy, but if his opponent was using needles, they could easily penetrate his flesh and puncture the blood vessels. He might even die if the needles punctured his vital organs! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Nelson was a strong opponent. It was extremely difficult to refine the Lightning Magic into such thin and sharp forms. Not only did it require outstanding control over the Lightning Element, he also had to practice diligently. Mo Fan could refine his Lightning into the form he intended in a short period of time, but his lightning would not retain a fixed shape like Nelson’s Lightning Magic.

“If I use the Shadow Element now, it means I’ve accepted my defeat,” Mo Fan clenched his teeth.

Mo Fan had decided to only use a single Element whenever his opponent switched to another Element. However, Mo Fan was still lacking some basic practice in his defenses. It was like a rider who was used to charging into the battlefield headfirst being reassigned to the role of a shield soldier. Mo Fan might be holding a high-quality shield in his hand, but his weaknesses were exposed against an experienced fighter.

The lightning needles kept stabbing Mo Fan after penetrating the Star Dust. It felt like a dozen Rong Momos were torturing him with their deadliest weapon from all angles!

{TL Note: Rong Momo is a fictional character in the TV show “My Fair Princess”. She’s well known for the meme of using a needle.}

Mo Fan had no choice but to switch Elements as he was about to reach his limit. The Shadow Element was perfect for his situation. However, he abruptly noticed the dueling ground was full of shards of the Circle of Crystal Teeth!

The shards had appeared because of the second unique ability of his Heaven-inferior Earth Seed, the Divine Rock. Every spell Cast within a certain distance of him would form a shard. Once the shards reached a certain number, they would form a Circle of Crystal Teeth, which Mo Fan could manipulate as he pleased!

Even though the Star Dust only contained a fixed amount of energy when it was established, the energy gathered by the second unique ability and the Star Dust were able to complement one another. In other words, he could use the shards to replenish the energy of the Star Dust!

Didn’t Nelson only Cast a single spell? Why are there so many shards around me? Does that mean he’s actually Casting spells continuously? Is he Channeling the spell constantly? Or did he hide the Star Patterns?, Mo Fan wondered as he grinned.

Nelson’s attack shared the same principles as a Gatling gun. He was wondering why Nelson’s spell was so powerful when he was not constructing any Star Palaces.

The second unique ability of the Divine Rock was very effective against enemies who were consuming their energy at a high rate. It would steal a portion of the enemy’s energy every time they attacked!

“Accumulate!”

Mo Fan’s Star Dust was being scattered by the lightning needles, but now its energy was replenished by the Circle of Crystal Teeth. The holes in the shell were fixed instantly, providing Mo Fan with a safe environment.

Mo Fan was relieved when the holes of his leaking roof were fixed. The wild storm would still destroy the roof, but Mo Fan’s automatic worker bees fixed the holes right away!

There might be a few leaks at times, but they were within Mo Fan’s tolerance now...

—

Nelson continued to fire his lightning needles at Mo Fan inside his Star Dust shelter. Only Mo Fan could see the Circle of Crystal Teeth, so it looked like Mo Fan was constantly fixing the barrier with his own energy.

Even a Gatling gun would eventually overheat after firing bullets over a certain period of time. Nelson’s attack was like a ferocious tide at first, but it eventually weakened after a while.

A Mage’s mental state was like a reservoir. The tide released when the dam opened would cause massive destruction at first, but once the water level of the reservoir dropped, the following waves were no longer as deadly.

If a Mage consumed too much of their energy within a short period of time, they would enter a brief state of not being able to use their magic, no matter how great the capacity of their energy was. They might even feel light-headed.

Every time Nelson thought Mo Fan’s defense had already reached its limit, it would recover instantly. He had never seen a man who could last longer than him!

Little did Nelson know, Mo Fan was stealing his energy to replenish the barrier!

Mo Fan was using his enemy’s energy to defend himself. He was not even consuming his own energy.

“Lecturer Nelson, you might need to practice more. Your lightning is like a drizzle to me!” Mo Fan smiled widely.

Mo Fan liked his Heaven-inferior Earth Seed even more the more he used it!

Stealing others’ energy to slap them in the face! As expected of a Heaven-grade Seed!