Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2232: Escaping with Water

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“They only have five minutes at most. I have a device that will send a signal to my nearest bodyguards once in a while. I can turn it off if something goes wrong. They will realize I’m in danger if they don’t receive the signal. However, I’m worried that you can’t fend them off for five minutes, considering their numbers!” Sancha said quietly.

Sancha was extremely touched that Zhao Manyan was willing to stay for her sake. She might look tough, but she was still a woman, after all. She would be troubled if someone was trying to harm her, let alone these martyrs who were willing to do anything to achieve their goals!

There were around five hundred people in the hall who were coming after her!

“Five minutes? It shouldn’t be a problem. These people have to go easy on the building, too. They wouldn’t dare use spells that are too powerful,” Zhao Manyan calculated quickly.

Zhao Manyan activated another piece of magic Equipment as he was talking. A half-transparent blue armor with gold edges fell over them. The armor was not very big, so Zhao Manyan had to carry Sancha in his arms so the Mantle could cover both of them.

“They can’t force you to do something you don’t want as long as I’m around.” Zhao Manyan looked into Sancha’s eyes. He had a mature and firm air about him that was different from his usual handsome appearance.

Sancha did not expect the young and handsome lecturer to be so reliable. She was perfectly safe even while a few hundred Mages were attacking them. It was like a peaceful bird’s nest by the edge of a cliff. It was dry, comfortable, and warm inside, despite the wild storm on the outside.

The conductor almost snapped his silver baton in half. Those two were being lovey-dovey in front of them. Were they seriously treating them like idiots?

“Try defending against my Magic Concerto!” the conductor yelled.

Cook looked like a typical magician in the Americas as he waved his silver baton around. He was still dressed in a black tuxedo, wielding the baton in his hand.

Cook did not need an orchestra. It was like he could play every instrument by himself!

The drum rolls came first, followed by heavy metal and rock, which were the complete opposite of the jazz instruments on the stage.

The beats and melody of the heavy metal and rock poured into Zhao Manyan’s mind, but they were not just plain music. It felt like devils with metal musical instruments were pounding his head non-stop. His skull was about to break because of it!

It felt like a bunch of rascals had just invaded his calm mind and Spiritual World while smashing everything they came upon. Every vein and bone in his mind was being tortured.

It would be surprising if he did not end up in a vegetative state because of the torture, let alone using his magic. Zhao Manyan never liked facing a Sound Mage, as their abilities were totally unreasonable!

“I have a Heart-Calming Talisman!” Sancha exclaimed.

“Quick!” Zhao Manyan gasped. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Sancha attached the talisman to Zhao Manyan’s chest. A soothing chime rang inside his messed-up mind to purge the noise. His mind had never felt so calm. Even the Stars and Galaxies in his Spiritual World began shining brightly.

The talisman was even enhancing his magic. It was the best thing that Zhao Manyan could ask for!

“We won’t last for five minutes as long as the Sound Mage is here. Come with me!” Zhao Manyan said.

“Mm!” Sancha nodded, trusting him.

The Mantle did not last for another half a minute. It was soon filled with cracks as lightning began penetrating it like drills.

The magic of other Elements poured in from all directions as soon as the mantle disappeared. There was no escape from them.

Zhao Manyan hugged Sancha tightly. His eyes were rippling like water.

His body was transforming too. Water was flowing through every part of his body, and pouring at Sancha too.

The Elements mixed with one another and caused rapid explosions, but Zhao Manyan and Sancha merely sank into the ground like water amid all the attacks.

Water was flowing inside the concert hall, that was now beyond recognition as it was immersed. Both Zhao Manyan’s and Sancha’s bodies blended with the water and began flowing away from the blasting spells.

Cook thought his men had overdone it and blasted the two into a pool of blood, but he realized it might be their way of escaping when he noticed the water was not evaporating, even when there were flames around.

Cook had never seen a trick like this. Only Shadow Mages were able to blend into other substances!

—

Water was flowing out of the building toward the fountain. Two faces surfaced on the clear water, which slowly rose into the air and outlined the silhouette of a man.

The water clouded up and slowly gained color. The water began falling off like a coat, revealing Zhao Manyan in his suit.

“Are you alright?” Zhao Manyan reached his hand into the water and pulled Sancha out like a magic trick. The water on her fell off as she was rising, leaving her dress perfectly clean and white.

“I’m fine... you are better than I thought!” Sancha was overjoyed.

She did not expect to escape in one piece. The concert hall had felt like an inescapable dungeon to her. If she had gone on her own, she would never have been able to escape safely.

She was very impressed by Zhao Manyan’s strength. It was rare to find a strong man with great taste nowadays!

“Are they going to chase us?” Zhao Manyan looked at the concert hall worriedly.

“No, they only dared to act recklessly inside the building!” Sancha harrumphed coldly.

“What a concert that was. We should head back to the Aorus Sacred Institute and have a cup of coffee to get over the shock,” Zhao Manyan suggested, as if this happened every day.