Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2235: The Skull on Your Shoulder

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan went back to his apartment and told Zhao Manyan and Mu Bai the exciting news.

Mu Bai acted like he already knew about it, but Zhao Manyan had a strange expression.

“She told me she had a fiancée yesterday, but she didn’t really mind. Did she mean...” Zhao Manyan was too scared to think about it.

“It’s very likely she baited you instead,” Mo Fan confirmed.

Zhao Manyan almost lost his mind.

It meant Sancha did not mind having a relationship with both him and his brother!

Zhao Manyan was planning to get some revenge by hooking up with Zhao Youqian’s fiancée, yet it was him who was tricked in the end!

It was like roars of thunder were echoing across the sunny sky. Zhao Manyan went back to his room. He felt like he was not ready to face such an evil world for the time being.

——

Mo Fan went to the Dean’s office that evening. To his surprise, the Dean who rarely stayed in his office was there. The Elemental Chief, Green, was in the office, too. They seemed to be discussing something important.

“The Andes Federation’s decision is really troublesome for us,” Schierling, the Dean of the Aorus Sacred Institute, commented.

“We’ll give them our answer in a few days... I think Lecturer Mo Yifan is outside. It looks like he’s here for something urgent,” Green noticed.

They ended their conversation and invited Mo Fan into the office.

Mo Fan saw them with pleased faces, like two elderly men who enjoyed reading newspapers while enjoying a cup of tea. They seemed to be admiring him a bit.

A talented man will be popular wherever he goes, Mo Fan thought. “Dean, may I apply for a position as a long-term lecturer?” Mo Fan asked.

“Ah, you would like to join the Aorus Sacred Institute. Did our school’s marvelous vision convince you to join us? That’s great, the doors of the Aorus Sacred Institute are always open for a talent like you,” Green said.

“Not really, I just want to have two wives,” Mo Fan said honestly.

“Alright, that’s also part of our school’s vision,” Green managed to say awkwardly.

“Lecturer Mo Yifan, if you join our school, it means you are going to become a citizen of the Aorus Sacred Institute too...” the Dean pointed out.

“Huh?” Mo Fan scratched his head.

His homeland had nurtured him well. He might have to reconsider before changing his citizenship. One was his dream, while the other was his nationality. He was struggling to make a decision!

“Lecturer Mo Yifan, we do accept dual nationality,” Green spoke up.

“But my homeland doesn’t allow it,” Mo Fan sighed.

“Then I guess we can’t help you. You will have to make the call yourself,” Green said helplessly.

Dean knew Mo Fan was not willing to forfeit his Chinese citizenship. He said patiently, “There’s always a way. Lecturer Mo Yifan, do you support multifaith?”

“What do you mean?” Mo Fan was confused.

“The Aorus Sacred Institute has its own religion, too. You can also enjoy the benefits of a citizen by registering yourself as a disciple of our religion. Your country doesn’t restrict your religion, does it?” Dean said.

“You’re right! Thank you for your guidance,” Mo Fan spoke up agreeably.

“There’s always a way indeed!” Green smiled.

The Dean nodded. He looked at Mo Fan’s shoulder and saw something lustrous like a jade, yet it resembled a skull when he took a closer look.

“Lecturer Mo Yifan, that thing on your shoulder...” Dean asked.

“I’m carrying the honorable mission of the Aorus Sacred Institute on my shoulders!” Mo Fan declared firmly.

The Dean coughed and emphasized, “I’m asking about the object on your shoulder.”

“Oh, I thought you were asking me to devote myself. It’s a skull. I found it in the Hillmen’s cave during an excursion. I can’t seem to destroy it with my flames, so I find it quite interesting. I took it as a souvenir,” Mo Fan answered.

Oh, Little Flame Belle, it was already quite spooky that you enjoyed playing with a skull, yet you didn’t put your toy away after you were done playing with it. No wonder the girls were looking at me weirdly on the way here!

“The hillmen have always given our school a huge headache. They are like a bunch of devils preying on our school’s sacred land,” Green sighed.

“Can you give the skull to me?” the Dean requested of him.

“Huh?” Mo Fan did not expect the Dean to ask for the skull.

It was a difficult decision to make. Little Flame Belle had enjoyed matching her strength against the skull lately. She might leave home again if he gave away her favorite toy. His daughter’s temper had worsened after she grew up. It was not easy to trick her as he had in the past.

“I can’t tell you what its uses are, but I sincerely hope you can give it to me. Oh, it’s not part of your request to join our school. How about this? I’ll trade it for something else. It’s a blessing that you are willing to join our school. The skull is just a personal deal between us,” the Dean assured him.

“Well...” Mo Fan was even more troubled.

“I have a piece of amber that I obtained when I held a position in the Holy Judgment Court. It’s as useful as the Lightning Pentagons, which have been a hot topic lately. Do you think it’s a fair trade?” The Dean took out a piece of amber that was emitting white steam.

Mo Fan was going to appraise it when Little Loach Pendant started shaking vigorously. It might even have lunged at the piece of amber right away if there were no outsiders around!

Can’t it behave more like a pendant? Was it so difficult to behave itself? It is acting like it just saw a pretty girl!

Mo Fan withheld the Little Loach Pendant’s urge and said with a troubled face, “If the Dean fancies the skull, I don’t mind agreeing with the trade.”

“Thank you so much!” The Dean was overjoyed.

“You’re welcome.”

——

Mo Fan quickly found a quiet corner after leaving the Dean’s office.

Little Loach only needed a little more energy to upgrade his Lightning Element to the second-tier of the Super Level. He was having trouble finding another Lightning Pentagon after the mine was taken over by the federation. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

To his surprise, the Dean had a similar piece that was of the Fire Element!

It did not really matter. It was still beneficial for him if Little Loach ended up improving his Fire Element after refining the amber. His Fire Element was less stable than his Lightning Element. He could use this as a chance to improve his Fire Element!

——

“Ling~,” Little Flame Belle woke up from her nap. She flew back and forth in the room. Her insane speed using the Space Element made it look like there were over a dozen of her moving inside the room.

“Little Flame Belle, I told you to put your toy away whenever you are done playing with it so you won’t lose it. Humph, I have a piece of rock. Little Loach has absorbed its energy. You can play with it instead!”

“Ling!~” Little Flame Belle nodded in joy.

Little did she know, Mo Fan was basically tricking her, the equivalent of saying, I’ll help you keep your money until you have graduated from high school!