Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2238: Bowing Together

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

—

Mo Fan kept hearing the rustling of leaves. It was familiar yet strange, but it immediately put Mo Fan on alert, as if something terrifying was going to happen whenever he heard the sound.

His vision was as narrow as a crack. He was struggling to open his eyes, as if his eyelids were stuck together.

A while later, he finally realized he was badly wounded when he felt the pain across his body.

As he had expected, a trip with such huge risks was meant to go wrong. It was like he had been in a plane that had crashed.

“Where the hell am I? The Eighth Mound? Why am I seeing... (Sigh), my head is on the ground. No wonder I couldn’t see anything,” Mo Fan finally realized the posture he had landed in after his vision recovered a little.

He must have hit his face on the ground. His eyes were most likely swollen by now, hence the struggle he had opening them.

Something soft landed on him. There were many of them, and they were quick, yet they were not deadly. He felt a sharp pain whenever the things landed on his wounds.

He could not move his body. It felt like he was twisted around like a pretzel.

Mo Fan could not remember what he had been through. He swore he would never enter the spatial rift again. He had almost killed himself!

“Is there anyone here?

“Anyone? Is this the Eighth Mound? I’m Lecturer Mo Yifan, who just crashed my plane. If someone would be kind enough to treat my injuries... the soil here stinks. Why does it smell like dog poop?...”

There was no answer, except for the sound of the drizzling rain.

Mo Fan suddenly heard heavy breathing beside him, and was overjoyed.

Someone finally showed up! What a blessing from the Heavens. Every heroic Martial Artist who fell down a cliff would obtain a peerless Martial Art and encounter a beautiful innocent lady. Mo Fan was only asking for a helping hand!

The person who was approaching Mo Fan let out a deep groan. Its voice was strange, yet familiar for some reason.

Mo Fan worked very hard to turn his head. He saw a pair of hairy legs. The bare feet looked like they were made of rocks. The hair on the legs was like a pair of rugged filthy trousers. A bone axe was dangling beside the owner’s waist. It still had bloodstains on it, which were being washed away as water drops fell from its tip.

Mo Fan’s heart skipped a beat. Seriously? He was asking for a living human who was able to help him up, not a Hillman who could kill him with a single swing of its axe!

Was karma at play here? Was this the result after he had wiped out an entire nest of Hillmen?

“Brother Hillman, I might not be able to move for now, but I can still use most of my spells. You should stay away from me if you have the slightest common sense. Otherwise, I’ll skin you and rub you on the ground!” Mo Fan snarled.

The hillman laughed like a squealing pig, as if it could understand Mo Fan.

“You dare laugh at me? Telekinesis Arrows!”

Mo Fan was enraged. He modified his Will to take the shape of an arrow and fired it at the Hillman.

The Telekinesis Arrow flew at the back of the Hiilman’s head rapidly. The Hillman was still laughing, but it suddenly stopped when it saw the arrow between its eyes... after it had pierced its head from behind.

Bang!

The Hillman fell beside Mo Fan. Its brain fluids were flowing out of the hole on its head. Its face happened to be facing Mo Fan’s.

“I might not be able to move, but it doesn’t mean I can’t use my magic. Idiot!” Mo Fan swore at it.

The Hillman was holding its last breath. It glared at Mo Fan with a weird expression.

Mo Fan was utterly confused by the Hillman’s reaction until he heard more footsteps approaching around him. He immediately saw more pairs of bare feet coming closer, followed by heaving breaths.

What the heck is going on!?

Didn’t he teleport to the Eighth Mound? How did he end up in a den of Hillmen? Were they having a meeting here?

“Is it too late for me to apologize? Brother Hillman, hang in there!” Mo Fan yelled at the Hillman lying beside him.

A second later, the Hillman’s head tilted to the side and lay still. It was unlikely to answer Mo Fan’s question...

Mo Fan was left speechless. Why did he never bother fixing his bad temper? Why did he have to blast a hole on the creature’s head with a Telekinesis Arrow for no reason? Couldn’t he leave the Warrior-level creature with some dignity?

Mo Fan shook his head. He promised himself he would try to settle conflicts peacefully from today onward, even when he was facing demon creatures.

Mm? He could now turn his head around! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

What a relief, he could now control his Will more freely to lock onto the targets around him!

Screw it, there was no way he would settle a dispute peacefully with these savages! Didn’t they want to kill him? He would let them give him kowtows and apologize to him first!

“Telekinesis: Inextricable Links!”

The same arrows with blurred outlines floated in the air amid the rain. They followed Mo Fan’s gaze and flew at the Hillmen who were eying Mo Fan so covetously.

Mo Fan was a man of his words, and deliberately fired the arrows at the Hillmen’s knees. Blood splattered out of the Hillmen’s legs as they all fell to their knees, like they had just stumbled into their king as he was wandering the mountains!

“Bow!”

The arrows grew longer under Mo Fan’s control. They were more like spears now, diving at the Hillmen’s heads the moment they fell to the ground and nailing their skulls to the ground!

The Hillmen’s bodies shook vigorously as their heads were nailed to the ground. Blood was pouring out from the wounds and soon blended with the rain. The Hillmen were forced to stay in the same posture around Mo Fan, like displayed specimens. The strange thing was, Mo Fan, who was being ‘worshiped’ by the Hillmen, was in a similar posture himself!

He had been in a kneeling posture since he landed!

“Is there anyone? Come give me a hand!”

“Where the Hell am I... any kind demon creatures in these mountains that are willing to lend me a hand? I’m here to save the world. I can’t afford to waste too much time here!”

The scent of blood spread through the air and soon attracted a huge number of demon creatures.

Mo Fan’s bones had yet to recover. He could only bow with the Hillmen who had turned into display specimens.

The demon creatures who were attracted by the scent of blood were well-behaved, and only picked on the corpses of the Hillmen. They left Mo Fan alone, as if they knew they did not want to mess with the human who was stuck in such a weird posture.