Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2247: Venomous Insect Shamans

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“What...what are you talking about?” The tall student began to panic.

“Humph, Hansen is already compromised. He has already given me the names of his associates. There’s no point in putting up a disguise any further!” Zhao Manyan sneered.

The tall student’s expression changed instantly.

Hansen was compromised?

Didn’t he do a good job with his cover? He was staying close to Sancha. He was supposed to be the last person among them to blow his cover!

However, the guy had mentioned Hansen’s name right away. It meant he knew everything!

“We don’t know what you are talking about...” the tall student took a step back with a fake smile. “Perhaps you are tired of living!”

His eyes suddenly emitted a ghastly light, like a ghost.

He had a huge build already, but his body continued to expand after his eyes started glowing. His muscles were wriggling like there were bugs under his skin.

The wriggling bugs were enlarging his body!

Green ooze poured out of the student’s body as ten huge maggots wrapped around him and turned him into a monster!

“Don’t even bother using these petty tricks in front of your Grandpa Zhao!” Zhao Manyan scoffed at him.

The glow in the student’s eyes obviously belonged to Curse or Psychic Magic. It was inflicting fear on Zhao Manyan, trying to make him hallucinate!

There was no way a living human could turn into a monster crawling with bugs in an instant. He was not the f**king Hulk!

The monster let out a cry!

Centipedes, spiders, scorpions, and poisonous maggots came out of his throat and flew at Zhao Manyan and Mu Bai like a sandstorm.

Zhao Manyan chuckled. Trying to trick us with an illusion?

It was just a breath attack at most. Even if the student did turn into a monster, how could there be so many venomous insects in his body?

Zhao Manyan casually cast a defensive spell. He totally assumed the student was tricking them with an illusion.

The centipedes were as long as human arms, the spiders were as big as human heads, and the maggots were half a meter long. They fell upon Zhao Manyan in great numbers.

Zhao Manyan was like a retard standing on a deck. Not only was he soaked from the splashes of the waves, he was soon going to be buried by the rolling waves!

Mu Bai was shocked when he saw what was going on with Zhao Manyan.

Those insects are real!

In other words, the tall student was not using an illusion. He had turned into a monster for real!

Mu Bai had no idea what kind of magic the student was using, but there were indeed ways to turn into a monster. He took a step back cautiously.

The rest of the students did not run after they saw the tall student turning into a monster. They were obviously on its side. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The uniforms that three of the students were wearing burst open as different insects began emerging from their pores.

The tanned body of one of the female students was crawling with beetles. It looked like a bunch of savage beetles were eating her flesh.

The beetles were only thumb-sized, but their numbers were so great that they were crawling on one another’s shells.

They had no idea how many layers the beetles had stacked up into. They seemed to be moving around randomly, yet they were crawling in the same direction as the female student.

“A Wriggling Insect Monster, and a Beetle Monster!”

Mu Bai was sure that these people were using Poison Magic. However, it would take a person’s entire life to raise enough venomous insects to cover them up and turn them into a monster.

They even had to feed the insects with their own flesh, so they would be compatible with them!

That being said, the strange magic was not a symbol of the Black Vatican, but of the Venomous Insects Shamans, which were quite common in the Andes Mountains.

The Andes Mountains had the safest insects in the world. Mages had been using them to turn themselves into Venomous Insect Shamans for several centuries.

The infamous shamans in Peru were of the same tradition as these Venomous Insect Shamans.

Mu Bai glanced at Zhao Manyan as he crawled to his feet after being fed a banquet of seafood. His whole body was swelling up from being stung by the insects.

His eyelids were so swollen that he looked like Ultraman!

Mu Bai let out a sigh.

Zhao Manyan had learned a great lesson from being ignorant.

He should have realized those people were a bunch of Venomous Insects Shamans when he saw their bodies were covered in insects.

Their sweat pores could attract venomous mosquitoes. Their saliva contained the eggs of insects. Their flesh was a breeding ground for the bugs!

“Old Zhao, keep going forward and make your way to the Eighth Mound. I’ll handle these Venomous Insects Shamans,” Mu Bai told him.

Mu Bai had experimented a lot on insects. He always wanted to meet a Venomous Insect Shaman in the Andes Mountains. He was fine with fighting a Venomous Insect Shaman, if he could not befriend one.

“Take care of yourself. Have you been keeping a journal lately? Why don’t you tell me where I can find it before we split up,” Zhao Manyan managed to reply.

“Just go!”

“Oh...”

Zhao Manyan tried his best to keep his eyes open. His eyes were so swollen that he could only see straight ahead.

He wondered if rubbing the stings with a boiled egg was going to help. It would be tricky to look for the Eighth Mound under his circumstances...

Zhao Manyan looked behind him with a worried expression after running a hundred meters away from the dam.

Those students were obviously members of the Black Vatican. They had pretended to go on an excursion to destroy the path between the Sixth and Seventh Mounds. They were guarding the Seventh Mound to stop people from going to the Ninth Mound.

The Black Vatican was clearly up to something!

Luckily, he had been smart enough to trick the students into exposing themselves.

The truth was, he had not known for sure that the students were hiding something. It was impossible to identify a member of the Black Vatican unless they took their masks off themselves.

Zhao Manyan quickly came up with the idea of claiming Hansen, who had disguised himself as Sancha’s bodyguard, was compromised.

Hansen was stronger than most of the students in the school. Zhao Manyan guessed he might be leading the spies in the school.

He just had to give it a try to find out the answer!

Zhao Manyan was quite pleased with himself. He had been getting smarter lately.

A deafening roar shook the woods while Zhao Manyan was still immersed in self-admiration. He saw a giant creature rising from the water.

The creature was an insect too, yet it was as imperious as a dragon and as menacing as a snake!

The bulging wings on its back were made of sharp scales. It looked like a futuristic battleship when it spread its wings!

Its horns, wings, and bones were intimidating to look at. Anyone would feel like they were suffocating under its pressure!

“Holy crap, what a powerful monster! Mu Bai, please don’t die...” Zhao Manyan gasped.

Hang on...

Why is the creature attacking the members of the Black Vatican?

Seriously? Is it Mu Bai’s pet?

That’s f**king insane!