Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2253: The Red Shirt is Here

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan had seven Elements now. Even though not all of them had reached the Super Level, Mo Fan had enhanced many of his spells.

For example, his Fiery Fist might only consume the energy needed for an Intermediate Spell, but it was stronger than an Advanced Spell. If he constructed a Star Constellation and Summoned the Fiery Dragons from a burning swamp, he could slowly peel away Wu Ku’s defense. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even dripping water could penetrate a stone over time. Mo Fan had plenty of patience and determination.

Wu Ku was like a sheep trapped in a wooden pen. He could not do anything but watch Mo Fan gnawing at the wooden logs of his pen.

There was no way he could keep his calm, yet he could not afford to expend too much of his energy.

“Shadow Fiend: Army of Shadows!”

Mo Fan stomped the ground and Summoned a black swamp about them. Darkness Creatures rose from the swamp like an army. Wu Ku was greatly outnumbered.

Wu Ku was nervous when the army of Demon Creatures charged at him.

A solid defense was the most effective way to stop a Destructive Mage, yet even the most solid fortress would fall eventually under continuous bombardment!

Mo Fan was firing endlessly at the fortress, attacking with his most destructive spells. He even switched to the Shadow Element at times!

The Shadow Element was similar to the Ice Element in certain ways. The Ice Element was able to accumulate its energy over time, and turn an area into a frozen ground, making it easier to accumulate and control Ice Magic.

The Shadow Element was the same. The darkness spread across the ground and the sky. The woods that had been covered by a heavy rain turned into a black morass. Even the simplest Shadow Spell was greatly enhanced by the darkness!

Mo Fan’s Army of Shadows had only consisted of a bunch of footmen and riders in the past, but he had Summoned the army of the Ancient Capital from the swamp this time. It felt as if they had all traveled back in time to an ancient battlefield where an army was rampaging!

The Rain Hive was only comparable to a little city before them!

The thicker the darkness, the stronger the Shadow Magic Mo Fan was using. Even the Elder of the Shadow Tribe which could only endure for a limited time under normal circumstances was able to stick around without effort in the Swamp of Darkness.

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe was leading countless Shadow Demons, fresh ones appearing from the swamp over time.

When the Elder of the Shadow Tribe first appeared, three Shadow Demons would come from the Dark Plane every minute, but there were now ten Shadow Demons crawling out of the murk every minute!

The Army of Shadows had just passed Wu Ku when the Elder of the Shadow Tribe gathered the army of Shadow Demons about him. Wu Ku’s heart pounded heavily when he saw the scale of the army.

Could the Rain Hive really stop the invasion of these Darkness Creatures?

Mo Fan was nothing but a monster. Wu Ku did not believe many people could stop Mo Fan if he tried to break into even the Black Vatican’s main headquarters with force!

“Rainbow Tree!” an icy voice uttered in the distance.

A colorful ray plummeted from the dark sky as Mo Fan was about to order the Elder of the Shadow Tribe to break through the Rain Hive.

It was like a fragment of a meteorite had accidentally fallen into the area, landing at the center of the Swamp of Darkness. The ray of light spread rapidly, like a blessed seed, as soon as it touched the Swamp.

The seed sprouted and grew into a sapling before rapidly erupting into a huge tree. The colorful light it was emitting instantly drove the surrounding darkness away.

The rain was still pouring down heavily, but it became colorful in the light. Mountains of colorful rocks emerged from the ground. An enormous tree stood alone between the sky and the ground, bearing a magnificent and sacred Aura!

Mo Fan’s Shadow Magic dispersed instantly. The Elder of the Shadow Tribe and its Shadow Demons dove into the shrinking swamp in a panic, retreating to their plane.

Light!

A Light Spell that greatly outmatched Mo Fan’s Shadow Magic!

Mo Fan’s Shadow Magic had reached an unimaginable level after he had obtained the Dark Vein. He was no longer afraid to face some Super Mages with it.

To his shock, the Light Magic had completely outmatched his darkness. The whole area was filled with the sacred radiance.

Mo Fan was enraged!

He was so close to breaking through Wu Ku’s Rain Hive. There would have been one less Head Priest of the Black Vatican soon.

However, someone had come to stop him in time!

Mo Fan swore to find out who the person was.

“You’re here. I was almost at my limit!” Wu Ku forced a smile onto his pale face. He would have died at Mo Fan’s hands if no one came to help him!

“Time to go!” the person covered in the colorful light on top of a tree in the distance ordered crisply.

“Aren’t you going to take him out too? He might be a great threat to us in the future,” Wu Ku asked.

“We are leaving!” the person replied in a stronger tone.

Wu Ku shrugged obediently, not daring to say a word further, and ran toward the person quickly.

The person had a tall profile. The light was piercing Mo Fan’s eyes, but he could still tell that it was a woman from her figure.

Even though she did not talk much, Mo Fan’s chest was burning with rage as soon as he heard her voice.

“Salan!” Mo Fan yelled angrily.

He was confident that the person who appeared out of nowhere was Salan!

The Black Vatican’s Red Cardinal!

Salan was in such a rush that she did not have time to disguise herself or modify her voice.

Mo Fan clearly remembered her voice. It was very similar to when he had talked to her over the phone on Chongming Island!

Mo Fan felt his eyes were burning because of the blinding light, yet he completely ignored the pain, overwhelmed by the anger blazing in his chest.

He had made the right choice to keep Wu Ku here!

Salan had come. Only an important member of the Black Vatican like Wu Ku could lure Salan out!

—

Wu Ku was very confused. He did not understand why the Red Cardinal did not eliminate such a great threat after showing herself.

Mo Fan’s strength had improved at an insane pace. He was also a sworn enemy who was determined to uproot the Black Vatican. It made more sense to take care of him now, while he was still in the early stages of the Super Level.

Most importantly, Mo Fan and his crew were extremely good at tracking them down!

They had come all the way to the Aorus Sacred Institute because of a single mistake that the Herbalist made. They could not afford to underestimate these young Mages’ capabilities!

Wu Ku was hoping that the Red Cardinal would eliminate the three young Mages now.

Unfortunately, he did not see any intention to murder Mo Fan on his superior. He was surprised when he noticed Salan had a grim expression on her face.

What is wrong with the Red Cardinal? Is it because they had no way of killing Mo Fan now?

A strong wind began to blow in the woods. It was so strong that it almost shredded the trees.

The blinding light shattered like glass before the wind.. Wu Ku spun around hastily. He realized why the Red Cardinal insisted on leaving right away when he saw a mysterious red energy taking over Mo Fan’s body!