Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2256: The Remnants

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Not only had the old man colluded with the student called Hansen to destroy the fields of Frenzy Poppies, he had even helped out and scammed a thousand gold from them!

It was time to settle the debts, both old and new!

The punch knocked the old man to the front of the church. He slammed into the wall adorned with a drawing of Jesus.

The old man vomited blood. The flesh on his chest and stomach was scorched and lacerated.

His expression changed instantly, and he glared at Mo Fan viciously.

“Do you think you have won because you found this place? Victory only belongs to Master Salan!” the old man yelled defiantly.

“Your master ran away from me miserably not long ago. You shouldn’t place too much faith in her... By the way, I do understand your belief in paradise after death, but do you really think you will find yourself in the paradise Salan has created for you? You have overthought it.

“However, I have prepared a furnace in Hell for people like you. I don’t know if Salan can send you to paradise like she promised, but there’s no escape from the Hell I’ve prepared for you!” Mo Fan snarled back.

Shadow Demons appeared on both sides of the old man, including the one who had killed its target in a unique way last time. It had stabbed an evil monk in the eyes before strangling him to death.

The Shadow Demon had come up with another new trick. It first put a dark hood over the old man’s head, like he was a criminal who was on his way to a gallows and shielding the crowd from seeing their twisted expression when they were hung to death.

It took a rope of darkness out of nowhere and tied up the old man in a way that resembled Jesus’ pose on the cross.

The Shadow Demon then took out its beloved dagger and started cutting the old man’s soul out like it was using a scalpel.

Mo Fan shook his head helplessly.

The old man had some tough luck. Mo Fan had many Shadow Demons at his command, but they were Summoned to his aid randomly. This time just happened to be the Shadow Demon with great creativity.

The show was not going to end anytime soon. Mo Fan was not mentally twisted enough to find it enjoyable. He left a zone of darkness behind so the artistic Shadow Demon could stay a little longer. He then went looking around the church looking for any clues that Salan might have left behind.

—

“Hello, Zhu Meng, I’m Mo Fan.”

“Mo Fan? What happened this time? Don’t tell me you’ve done something wrong again, so you need my help to clean up your mess,” Zhu Meng spoke up.

“I found the Black Vatican’s branch in the Andes Mountains, with plenty of evidence that they couldn’t destroy in time. You should send someone over to gather clues here. They might help you clean up some of the remnants,” Mo Fan informed him.

Zhu Meng immediately switched to a more serious tone.

Mo Fan had found the Black Vatican’s branch! Most importantly, it was related to Salan’s faction!

Salan’s last branch in China had been Chongming Island. Mo Fan was also the one who had snuck in first there and helped the Enforcement Union take it out.

Mo Fan had found another branch, and it sounded even more important than the one on Chongming Island!

“We have Enforcers standing by in the Americas. I’ll ask someone to contact you. It will take me some time to meet up with you,” Zhu Meng finally replied.

“Sure, just ask them to come straight to me. I’ll give you the location,” Mo Fan agreed.

“I’ll inform Tang Zhong,” Zhu Meng was very excited, and trying his best to keep his calm.

“Not yet,” Mo Fan said.

Zhu Meng was confused, since Tang Zhong was the President of the Lingyin Enforcement Union.

Zhu Meng was only a Councilman. Even though he had a certain influence over the Enforcement Union, the local Presidents were the ones handling operations.

“I’m looking at a list with the names of people who have infiltrated the Enforcement Union, the circles of Councilmen, and the Royal Guards of the Magic Palace in our country. The Lingyin Enforcement Union is in a worse state than we imagined,” Mo Fan informed him.

Leng Qing had almost died at the hands of the Black Vatican. The main reason was not because the Black Vatican had found out her identity themselves, but because there were traitors in the Enforcement Union!

Mo Fan had a rough idea who the traitors were now. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhu Meng immediately understood Mo Fan’s intentions. It explained why Mo Fan had contacted him, instead of Tang Zhong, who was the President of the Lingyin Enforcement Union.

There had to be someone suspicious among Tang Zhong’s men!

“I also found something that might explain how Salan managed to flee from our country while it was on lockdown,” Mo Fan told Zhu Meng.

“Mo Fan, you’ve done our country a huge favor once again!” Zhu Meng was overjoyed.

Even though Salan’s faction had been wiped out in their country, they had no intention to spare those who Salan had bribed.

The citizens would be pleased if they could find the rotten apples in their homeland!

“Are the people you are sending to me reliable?” Mo Fan asked after he remembered something.

“I can guarantee that with my life,” Zhu Meng assured him.

“Are there enough people? Apart from this branch, Blue Bat and other remnants are currently hiding in the Aorus Sacred Institute. I need the help of your people to take care of them too. There is a lot of work to be done,” Mo Fan went on.

“I’ll send someone to you first. I will also get Great Councilman Shao Zheng’s approval to grant you the authority to command the Enforcers over there,” Zhu Meng stated.

“It has to be quick, or they might run away,” Mo Fan warned him.

“Mo Fan, the Enforcement Union hadn’t been idle all this time. Our men also infiltrated the Aorus Sacred Institute and the Andes Federation while you were investigating the school. We couldn’t afford to expose them unless it was necessary, so that they wouldn’t fall victim to the Black Vatican. Don’t worry, there are enough resources for you over there as long as we have the Great Councilman’s approval. They will help you take care of the remnants of the Black Vatican right away!” Zhu Meng declared.

Mo Fan nodded to himself.

“One more thing, the trails you and your friends are on are different from the ones our men are on. You might learn something new when you meet with them. HAHAHA, it’s been so many years. We finally won a battle against the Black Vatican!” Zhu Meng exclaimed.

Mo Fan roughly told Zhu Meng of his encounter with Wu Ku and Salan.

“Did you use your power?” Zhu Meng blurted out in surprise.

“Not really, I only used it briefly. I managed to withdraw it in time,” Mo Fan smiled wryly.

“Which means, you didn’t waste it?” Zhu Meng said.

“Mm, I can still use it once,” Mo Fan confirmed.

“That’s good to hear. Be careful, Salan will do everything to force you to use the Demon Element. Once you use it, she will definitely come after you,” Zhu Meng warned him.

“I’m not that weak without it now. Only Salan can force me to use the Demon Element,” Mo Fan acknowledged.

“Listen to me, Salan still has many powerful Mages under her command.. You can’t afford to lower your guard.”