Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2268: Space Rift

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan knew the Pendant was extraordinary at first sight.

As a Lightning Mage, he could sense the overwhelming Lightning Magic inside the tiny Pendant, as if it had stored the energy of a thunderstorm.

Not only was Mo Fan attracted by the pure Lightning Magic in the Lightning Cultivation Tool, Little Loach was struggling to stay calm. It had an urge to swallow the Pendant right away!

“Be patient, can’t you behave yourself in front of others?” Mo Fan slapped the Little Loach Pendant on his chest.

A Lightning Cultivation Tool?

Mo Fan had never needed a Cultivation Tool, as the dark Pendant around his neck was the best Cultivation Tool. It was able to grow continuously.

The Lightning Cultivation Tool happened to be perfect rations for it!

.

He believed Little Loach would upgrade after eating the Lightning Cultivation Tool, which would help his Lightning Element reach the second-tier of the Super Level in return.

Zhu Meng’s Lightning Element was also only in the second-tier of the Super Level. It had only taken Mo Fan a few years to catch up to Zhu Meng’s cultivation since their first encounter!

His cultivation had improved quickly, mainly because he was constantly having breakthroughs under the pressure of death and the constant help from Little Loach as it kept growing.

“Do you want to take a tour around the place?” Zhu Li asked him.

“Sure!” Mo Fan nodded.

—

Zhu Li brought Mo Fan and Zhu Meng on a tour around the mine. A group of soldiers followed them throughout the process.

“May I ask what is this place for?” Mo Fan pointed at a chimney with lots of sparkles in it.

The solitary chimney was as huge as an office building. It was covered by a layer of dark leathery material with clear lines on it.

Normally, a chimney was used to conduct smoke and combustion gases, but this huge chimney was conducting lightning sparks instead. It looked quite dangerous.

“It’s how we deal with the tailings after refining the Lightning Pentagons. Once we refine the pure Lightning Magic in the Lightning Pentagons, the rest is just ordinary ore. We can’t just throw them away, since they still contain Lightning Particles. They might cause an explosion in the junkyards, so we have to build a chimney to release the remaining Lightning Magic in them,” Zhu Li explained.

“So, it’s like the impurities of Lightning Ore?,” Mo Fan asked carefully.

“Yes, it’s possible to generate electricity with them, but they are too unstable, and they aren’t pure enough to make Magic Tools,” Zhu Li admitted.

“I have something precious that can absorb the impurities of Lightning Magic. Does your mine have a lot of waste ore? Why don’t you give them to me instead of wasting them?” Mo Fan asked her.

“Really? Can you tell me what it is?” Zhu Li’s eyes widened.

“I can’t tell you what it is. It’s my heirloom treasure,” Mo Fan rejected her decisively.

Zhu Meng glared at Zhu Li when he saw she was going to pursue the topic further. Zhu Li did not dare to ask further when she realized she might be prying on someone’s secrets.

“I have a pile of tailings at the mine. If you can clear the impurities in them, I might be able to give you a few Lightning Pentagons. You may have a taste of how it feels to have an abundant supply of energy for your Lightning Element,” Zhu Li finally agreed.

They had to find a way to get rid of the tailings, yet getting rid of the dangerous waste ore involved a huge cost, because of the scale of their mine. Many smaller companies in Half-Ridge Mountain City were willing to buy the tailings from the mine, and Zhu Li knew exactly what they were planning to do with them.

The Lightning Pentagons were a perfect material to produce Cultivation Tools. Even the lowest-grade Cultivation Tools had the potential of making huge profits. Many schools and people could not afford to buy a Cultivation Tool. If the market had Cultivation Tools around the price of a few hundred thousand each, some people might spend all their money just to buy a Cultivation Tool for the sake of their descendants.

However, if these Cultivation Tools were made from the tailings that were produced from refining the Lightning Pentagons, there would be a serious problem. The people who were cultivating with those Cultivation Tools would have to endure the pain of being electrocuted every time they cultivated.

It was exactly the same as Ritchie’s situation had been!

Zhu Li was an academic with a conscience. Even though she was currently in a foreign country, she did not want people to abuse the waste ore and harm young Mages.

She had no choice but to spend a fortune on getting rid of the tailings in order to keep a clear conscience.

The company had pressured her to sell the tailings many times, but she managed to withhold the pressure and stand her ground.

“I can get rid of as much waste ore as you have,” Mo Fan declared confidently.

“Come to the mine with me. We have a whole mountain of tailings there,” Zhu Li said.

—

The Lightning Pentagon Mine was not located within the lakeside company’s headquarters. It only had a Teleportation Portal connected to the Sun-Gathering Peak.

There were many kinds of Teleportation Portals. Among them, a Space Rift which allowed people to travel in both directions was the most expensive.

Zhu Meng’s company actually had a Space Rift! Mo Fan gasped when he saw the two enormous silver structures that formed the Space Rift.

The two structures were like huge mountains facing one another. Their surfaces were covered by lines, making them look like beehives. Some people might even mistake them for a demon creatures’ palace from afar.

The silver structures had mysterious dark red lightning arcs flickering between them. They were intimidating to look at.

“So this is a Space Rift!” It was Mo Fan’s first time seeing one. He thought it would have an altar and messy Symbols and Runes all over the ground.

He did not expect a Space Rift to be so magnificent and spectacular. It felt like a gate leading him to another world!

“This is insane. I don’t think any companies in our homeland can afford a Space Rift like this!” Zhu Meng stared at the structures in astonishment.

“Our company currently has the highest earning potential in the Andes Federation. The Lightning Pentagons’ value in the international market will decide whether the federation can survive the invasion of sea monsters,” Zhu Li declared proudly.

A Space Rift was not something any company could build as they wished. The cost of building it had to be insane. Otherwise, why were airline companies that were constantly involved in aviation accidents still allowed to operate?

Not only was the cost to build a Space Rift extremely high, the cost to operate and maintain it was a stunning figure too!

Mo Fan was surprised that the Lightning Pentagon Mine Ritchie had found in the past was currently the key to survival for half of South America!

“We won’t be taking the Space Rift. The tailings are over here. We will see it once we cross the hill,” Zhu Li told them, pointing at a rising hill with a strong magnetic field.

Little Loach started misbehaving again, as Mo Fan expected! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Mo Fan could even imagine it lunging forward like a starving baby flying at their mother’s breast if it was not an Amulet!.