Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2271: One with the Magic

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

—

Mo Fan found a relatively quiet spot after he returned to the Aorus Sacred Institute.

There was an island some distance away from the sandy white beach, occasionally drowned by the sea when the tide rose close. Mo Fan chose to attempt his breakthrough on the island in case he failed to stop the energy from leaking out of his body.

The walls around the Star Galaxy of his Lightning Element were on the verge of collapsing. He just needed some extra Lightning Energy to break down the walls.

The impurities of the Lightning Pentagons definitely provided him with the required energy!

Mo Fan sat down and inhaled the damp wind that was blowing at him from afar. A few seagulls were circling and screeching in the sky, staring at Mo Fan hostilely.

.

It was obvious that Mo Fan had taken over the place they normally worked from around this time, when schools of fish would show up nearby to feed on microorganisms for dinner.

The schools of fish would end up as these seagulls’ dinner. Unfortunately, someone else had occupied their restaurant!

—

Dense lightning arcs were emerging from Mo Fan’s body. They were kept within two meters of Mo Fan under his outstanding control.

However, the lightning arcs suddenly turned reckless as Little Loach emitted a strong purple light. The lightning started dancing wildly above the sea, like unleashed weapons.

Thousands of fish in the area were frightened. The purple lightning had taken dozens of forms. Some flashed across the sky like dazzling thundering spears, while others dove deep into the sea like enormous eels.

Mo Fan had made the right decision to attempt his breakthrough on the island!

Even though Little Loach had absorbed the impurities of the Lightning Pentagons, they fought back fiercely when Mo Fan tried to subdue them. Mo Fan was controlling the unstable Lightning Magic with his Will. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The unstable Lightning Energy was similar to a group of refugees. Even if Mo Fan provided them with shelter, he still needed some time to comfort them as they were overwhelmed by the grief of losing their homes and uneasiness at being brought to an unfamiliar environment. Mo Fan had to react appropriately, rather than trying to subdue them with force.

The energy that Little Loach had absorbed was of the troublemaking kind, and would trigger an explosion at the slightest conflict. Mo Fan had to convince the energy to become a part of his Lightning Galaxy through both intimidation and pacification.

The Lightning Galaxy had twenty-four hundred and one Stars. After Mo Fan achieved the Super Level, he had to put in much more effort to control the Stars, as he was no longer looking after merely seven Stars.

Leveling up not only expanded the Star Galaxy and increased its energy capacity, but the Stars evolved too!

Mo Fan had to refine more than two thousand Stars at once. He wondered where he would even have found the energy required if he had not stumble into the waste piles of the Lightning Pentagons by coincidence.

There were many kinds of energy sources in the world. Magic Ores were the most common energy source for magic technology.

However, the kind of energy the Lightning Pentagons contained could be absorbed by Mages directly. It was extremely rare to find an energy source like the Lightning Pentagons!

If every energy could be absorbed, wouldn’t it be easier for Mo Fan to put on a steel helmet with a lightning rod and find a thunderstorm so lightning would keep falling on him?

The energy of the lightning falling from the sky was destructive. It would only inflict damage on its target.

The seagulls in the sky suddenly turned into crows. They were swaying in the air like kites with broken strings.

The smell of burnt fish lingered above the sea, with a slight fragrance of cooking food.

Mo Fan opened his eyes. He scratched his head when he saw the scorched dead fish floating in the waters around him.

My bad...

He had accidentally cooked the schools of fish by electrocuting them! Was it his reward for breaking through successfully?

“My Lightning Element has reached the second-tier of the Super Level!” Mo Fan clenched his right fist.

That simple action Summoned a few thick lightning bolts to fall onto the sea full of cooked fish. The lightning was falling so rapidly that it was like a purple thunderstorm!

He moved the fingers on his left hand. Lightning arcs burst out of the tip of his fingers and turned into five lightning blades.

Mo Fan swung the lightning blades across the sea.

The lightning blades sprang forward and sliced the water apart like purple crescents. They tore the sea open until they reached its bottom, leaving five long ravines on the seabed!

“Is this the effect of being one with the magic after reaching the Super Level?” Mo Fan was excited when he saw the damage of the spells he had executed with a few simple actions.

Mo Fan had realized being a Mage was not as cool as he had first thought soon after he Awakened his first Element.

He had thought Mages could Summon a blizzard by waving their hands, or call down a lightning strike by moving their lips.

However, he had to follow a standard routine just to Cast a simple spell. In simpler words, he had to follow certain procedures to use his magic!

He had to connect seven Stars to use a basic Lightning Strike.

He needed to construct more complex Star Orbits and Star Patterns to Cast more advanced spells.

It made him feel like Mages were too mechanical, since they had to Channel for a certain amount of time before they could use their magic.

However, upon reaching the Super Level, the improvement to his control over the Elements, the help from Domains, and the growth of his mental state made him feel like magic had fully combined with his body.

He could now use magic with a single thought.

If he was quick enough, he could even fire spells continuously, like a rocket launcher!

It was not because he was getting more familiar with the standard procedures, but because his body had become one with the magic.

It was like a box of matches. Someone had to swipe the match against the side of the box to create fire. The match was ignited because of the friction.

When Mages were connecting Stars into Star Orbits with their Will, it was like they were swiping a match against the side of a matchbox.

When they reached the Advanced Level and gained a Domain, the matches were replaced with a lighter, which could be ignited with a single click rather than having to swipe the match against the side of the matchbox.

Once they reached the Super Level, they had become fire itself. They could burn whenever they wanted!

This was exactly what Mo Fan felt.

The twenty-four hundred and one stars no longer existed separately in the Spiritual World where he had to control them.

The Lightning Stars now felt like they were a part of his body. They were the acupuncture points on his body!

When the acupuncture points were activated, energy would originate from the body instead.

It was why he was able to call down lightning strikes simply by clenching his fist!

Even the complicated more Star Orbits, Star Patterns, and Star Palaces had become a part of Mo Fan’s body. All he had to do was to stimulate the right acupuncture points!

“No wonder the Shadow Element felt like it had become a vein inside my body after it reached the Super Level. The Shadow Magic is originating from my body, and so is the Lightning Element now. The Stars have become something like acupuncture points on my body. They have truly become a part of me. In the past, there were sayings on how people could be one with the sword. Similarly, I’ve become one with the magic!”