Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2274: Enforcer Bee Sting

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan exchanged glances with Zhu Meng.

“Show us,” Zhu Meng ordered Mi Bai.

—

The three went to the autopsy room. Zhu Meng studied Blue Bat’s corpse carefully and discovered the Seal of the Enforcement Union on her back.

The Seal was right between her backbones. Even Zhu Meng had never seen a Seal like it, let alone Mo Fan!

“Most Enforcers have Seals on their wrists or the back of their hands. There’s only one reason why an Enforcer has a Seal on their backbone. She was a spy inside the Black Vatican!” Zhu Meng speculated..

1

“A spy? Blue Bat was an Enforcement Union spy?” Mo Fan blurted out in disbelief.

Seriously? Had they killed an agent from the Enforcement Union?

No way! If she was really a spy from the Enforcement Union, she would have told them her true identity!

Zhu Meng had a grim face

To think that they would find the Seal of the Enforcement Union on the backbone of one of Salan’s nine disciples!

“I think I need to contact the Supreme Enforcement Union,” Zhu Meng said after a prolonged silence.

——-

Zhu Meng left the room to contact the Supreme Enforcement Union in secret.

Mo Fan and Mu Bai remained quiet in the room for a long time.

“If she’s really an agent of the Enforcement Union, doesn’t that mean we lost our best chance at capturing Salan?” Mu Bai finally spoke up.

He was the one who had killed Blue Bat.

Mu Bai did not have trouble killing Blue Bat. He was able to track her down with Wu Ku’s crystal orb, no matter where she fled.

Now that he recalled it, Blue Bat had not fought back that fiercely when he killed her.

1

Blue Bat should have had some extreme last resort as one of Salan’s nine disciples, but Mu Bai did not feel like she had had used any.

“Did she say any last words to you?” Mo Fan asked urgently.

“She said a dead person is more valuable than a living person. It’s why I decided to autopsy her body, to learn some useful information,” Mu Bai said.

Mo Fan’s heart sank instantly.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Blue Bat was obviously telling Mu Bai to dissect her. It turned out that her corpse was extremely valuable to them.

Blue Bat was unable to show her Seal to anyone. In simpler words, only those who autopsied her after she died would be able to find the Seal of the Enforcement Union.

“Mo Fan, try recalling everything that Blue Bat has done,” Mu Bai urged him.

“I thought she was only a normal Blue Deacon serving under the Cold Prince when I first met her. I realized she had another identity when she killed the woman who was the Cold Prince’s important sidekick. The woman had mastered a Curse Magic that could suppress my Demon Element’s power, so in a way, Blue Bat actually did me a favor. Otherwise, I have no clue how things would have ended back then...” Mo Fan muttered.

However, Blue Bat had claimed that she was Salan’s disciple. She was following instructions from Salan to take out the Cold Prince!

Mo Fan did not doubt her words. After all, Salan did show up at the Parthenon Temple. She was displeased by the people who had tried to pick on Xinxia.

However, if he assumed Blue Bat was an agent of the Enforcement Union... what she had done had helped Mo Fan resolve a great danger!

Their second encounter was at the Merchant’s Guild in Crete. She had shown up to protect the Evil Herbalist and take him away.

Mo Fan was quite confused back then. Knowing the Black Vatican’s way of doing things, there was no need for her to expose herself.

As a matter of fact, Mo Fan had not known Mr. Lin was the Evil Herbalist. He would not have connected his disappearance to the Black Vatican.

However, Blue Bat had spared Golden Sun Knight Jiang Bin’s life. She had basically told Mo Fan and the others that Mr. Lin was the Evil Herbalist, and she, Blue Bat, was the one who had saved him.

It had basically left Mo Fan a trail to follow!

Their third encounter was at the Ninth Mound. Inside the place had been a Hillman’s dissected corpse.

Mo Fan had chased Blue Bat down to the Black Vatican’s underground factory.

The strange thing was, why had Blue Bat told him the person with her was the Head Priest, Wu Ku?

1

Weren’t the high-ranking members of the Black Vatican more careful at concealing their identities?

Did Blue Bat reveal Wu Ku’s identity to show off the Black Vatican’s strength?

If they had not known Wu Ku was the Head Priest, they would all have focused on Blue Bat instead!

“In other words, she provided you with clues or assistance in all your encounters with her?” Mu Bai summarized.

Mo Fan nodded.

Was Blue Bat too stupid, or too full of herself?

That was impossible. If Blue Bat was stupid, she would never have been chosen as Salan’s disciple.

Salan did not admire those who were merely strong; they had to be extremely smart, too!

Blue Bat had met him three times. Although the things she had done had favored the Black Vatican, she had also given him a lot of information and help.

Was she a spy for the Enforcement Union, or Salan’s disciple?

“Mo Fan, do you think it was possible Wu Ku betrayed Blue Bat? What if the Head Priest Wu Ku noticed something fishy about Blue Bat, so he used us to kill her?” Mu Bai wondered aloud.

Mo Fan was spooked.

Blue Bat had told Mo Fan the Head Priest’s identity. Wu Ku had betrayed Blue Bat in return!

Their mutual actions had been quite unreasonable.

The only explanation was that Blue Bat was from the Enforcement Union and Wu Ku had noticed her true identity, or perhaps he was not too sure yet, but he had still decided to betray her.

“How did you kill Blue Bat?” Mo Fan asked.

“To be honest with you, I feel like she was trying to get herself killed,” Mu Bai admitted.

“What do you mean?” Mo Fan did not understand.

“Old Zhao and I were planning to capture her alive. After all, it was more useful to keep her alive, since she was one of Salan’s disciples. However, she went all out and fought recklessly when she faced me, forcing me to kill her,” Mu Bai stated.

Mo Fan was not a stubborn man. After all, the things that Blue Bat did might have favored the Black Vatican, yet she had obviously helped Mo Fan.

They had now discovered the Seal of the Enforcement Union on her.

The kind of Seal she had was not the same kind as Golden Canary’s, who could betray the Enforcement Union as she pleased.

Blue Bat’s Seal was implanted deep in her spine. Even other agents of the Enforcement Union would have no idea she was a member of the Enforcement Union.

No one would find out the truth unless she died and her body was examined forensically!

Most importantly, they were able to make sense of the things she had done after learning her identity as an Enforcer.

Taking out the Cold Prince...

Tracking down the Evil Herbalist...

Chasing the Black Vatican all the way to the Aorus Sacred Institute...

Finding the Head Priest Wu Ku...

Ruining Salan’s plan to raze the school to the ground...

It was possible that Blue Bat was actually a member of the Enforcement Union!

—

“I’ve asked around,” Zhu Meng returned, breathing heavily. He had gone to a secluded corner in the school and used a special method to contact the Supreme Enforcement Union.

“The Seal is called the Bee Sting!” Zhu Meng declared. He looked like he was struggling to stay calm.

#