Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2331: Eagle Horse Skyriders

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Demon Fireflies’ poison took away the lives of several thousand soldiers in an instant. Meanwhile, the Mushroom Ticks that could kill within seconds were still searching for new targets.

The Federation Army was in utter disorder.

The Federation Army had not stood a chance when it was up against the Venomous Shaman Insects in the previous battle. Even if they sent out Super Mages, the Venomous Insect Shamans could still conquer the battlefield with their venomous insects as long as they remained hidden!.

“Screw these insects, the Andes Mountain Range is full of poisonous species, providing the Venomous Insect Shamans with the best environment to cultivate their venomous insects. The Magic Association forbids them from using the venomous insects against humans. Now that the rules no longer apply to them, they can use the venomous insects recklessly and treat the lives of our soldiers as fodder!” Brigadier General Blair snarled.

The Venomous Insect Shamans were infamous in the Andes Mountain Range. People were more scared of them than Curse Mages.

The Venomous Insect Shamans were unstoppable on a battlefield with lots of dead bodies and living humans, especially since other Elements were not very effective against their magic.

It did not matter how outstanding one’s Cultivation was when the poison kept spreading among the soldiers!

A signaler came down from the sky and informed Brigadier General Blair, “Brigadier General Blair, our Eagle Horse Skyriders have defeated the enemy’s air force. They are moving upstream of the Scorching River, but they will be separated from our ground forces. We have to regroup with them before the enemy sends out more aerial forces to stop them.”

“Eagle Horse Skyriders?” Mo Fan asked, interested.

“They are our army’s main air force. The enemy’s aerial forces are no match for ours. The only units that can tear the enemy’s army apart are the Crusaders and the Eagle Horse Skyriders,” Brigadier General Blair explained.

Mo Fan had earned Brigadier General Blair’s trust. The general felt like they still had a chance to win the war as long as Mo Fan was with them!

“Did they already push deeper into the enemy’s lines?” Mo Fan asked.

Mo Fan had already noticed the riders in the sky. Soldiers wearing the Federation Army’s uniform were sweeping across the sky in batches, dominating the battle above the battlefield.

“Yes, we can’t afford to waste our time on the Brown Rebels in these woods, so the Lieutenant General has led the Eagle Horse Riders and pushed through the enemy’s lines from the sky,” Brigadier General Blair told him.

“They are fighting without any support if the ground army doesn’t push together with them,” Mo Fan noticed.

“We don’t have a choice. If we lose another battle, the Brown Rebels will fight back fiercely. We’ll lose if they reclaim Banlo City. Every officer above the rank of captain is more or less dead, even if we made it back alive,” Brigadier General Blair said stiffly.

Their superiors in the Federation were putting the army under great pressure. They had to seize this side of the Scorching River at all costs.

The army was in a precarious situation!

In simpler words, the Lieutenant General was taking a desperate gamble.

He was leading the Eagle Horse Skyriders to push through the enemy’s lines without support, while the ground army was stuck in the woods because of the Venomous Insect Shamans. If the ground forces failed to push through the enemy’s defense, the Eagle Horse Skyriders would fall to the surrounding Brown Rebels!

Once the Eagle Horse Skyriders lost, the Brown Rebels would launch a counterattack to reclaim Banlo City!

It was the worst possible situation!

——

“Mu Bai, Old Zhao, we don’t have much time left,” Mo Fan called them over with a frown.

The Lieutenant General was betting everything on this battle. If the Federation Army lost, they would have no chance of getting closer to the Scorching River!

“Which means it’s time for us to fight with everything we have too?” Zhao Manyan said.

“Mm, we don’t have a choice. The Eagle Horse Skyriders are heading for where Wu Ku is, and it’s deep into the enemy’s lines. The Federation Army’s air force might be strong, but if the ground army doesn’t push through with them, the Brown Rebels can easily wear the Eagle Horse Skyriders out in an hour,” Mo Fan said.

“Which means we’ll have to get rid of the Venomous Insect Shamans as quickly as possible. If the air force is separated from the ground army, it’s like sending our fed adc to the top lane alone without backup in League of Legends,” Zhao Manyan realized.

Mu Bai remained silent.

The poison of the Demon Fireflies was still spreading. It was difficult for the soldiers to get over the fear of death the Venomous Insect Shamans had inflicted on them.

The worst thing was, Professor Xylan was still unwilling to take part in the battle. It sounded like the leader of the Venomous Insect Shamans was her personal nemesis, and was also her only target!

“What are we waiting for, then? You two should infiltrate the enemy lines with the Eagle Horse Skyriders. By the time we are done playing hide-and-seek with these Venomous Insect Shamans, Wu Ku will have ascended as the God of Rain!” Zhao Manyan said.

“Old Zhao and I can’t do much to stop the Venomous Insect Shamans. I think it’s best if Mu Bai stays here to deal with the Venomous Insect Shamans and helps the ground army break through their line of defense,” Mo Fan proposed.

“But what if I can’t figure out a way to deal with the Venomous Insect Shamans? The two of you will be surrounded by enemies, just like the situation in Banlo City’s Furniture District! We were up against a few thousand enemies back then, but you might be going up against tens of thousands of enemies this time!” Mu Bai shook his head firmly. He was not in favor of Mo Fan’s suggestion to split up.

Anything could happen in a battle. If the three of them stuck together, they would have no problem making it out in one piece.

If they split up and were surrounded by the enemies, the consequences were unimaginable. After all, Mo Fan and Zhao Manyan were not unbeatable. They would struggle to survive if they encountered the choir of Sound Mages again!

“It’s fine, we have faith in you. As long as the ground army can regroup with the riders in time, we won’t be surrounded by the enemy,” Mo Fan said confidently.

“That’s right, we have faith… uh, Mo Fan, what did you mean when you said there’s nothing we can do if we stay here?” Zhao Manyan realized belatedly.

“Mm, we aren’t experts of the Poison Element and the Plant Element, and our magic isn’t effective against the Demon Fireflies and the Mushroom Ticks,” Mo Fan pointed out.

“It’s a little tricky to deal with the Venomous Insect Shamans, but I did do some research on the Poison Element when I was still a student. Why don’t I stay here and help Mu Bai? You should be careful out there. Oh, do you have anything you want to say before you go? I’ll write them down,” Zhao Manyan suggested.

“Isn’t it easier if you ask whether I have any last words to say?” Mo Fan huffed.

“It’s better if I’m not that straightforward, hehe!”

“Huh? What’s the silver glow around you? Is it the enemy’s fireflies? Oh, Mo Fan, it’s your Space Magic. Stop giving me a fright… Hang on, why are you dragging me with you too?!”

—

Zhao Manyan felt so stupid, even though he had graduated from a renowned school and had pretended to be a teacher in one of the top institutes in the world for a few months.

Wasn’t it obvious that the silver glow was the light of the Advanced Space Spell which could teleport several people over a long distance? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If he had noticed it earlier and walked out of the spells’ area, he would have prevented himself from being teleported too!