Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2343: Lava Fist River

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

There were more than a dozen Advanced Mages around Mo Fan. They had gathered after hearing the loud noise, just like Ice Tiger.

They were planning to attack Mo Fan, but they lost their courage when they saw Ice Tiger get knocked to the ground by a single punch.

The ground exploded as a bulky figure jumped up from it. Rain fell and slowly washed away the mud on him, revealing bone armor covered by fearsome spikes the color of elephant tusks.

The man was none other than Ice Tiger. He was rubbing his nose.

He was ready to defend himself when Mo Fan threw a punch at him, but the impact of the lightning explosion still broke his nose. His face was numbed by the lightning, too!

“Is it my turn now?” Ice Tiger did not care much about his injuries. He seemed very excited.

More bone-like tusks suddenly stuck out of Ice Tiger’s body. They were growing around Ice Tiger like a kind of sturdy plant.

“Sturdy Bone Armor!” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Ice Tiger was fully armor-clad in just a moment. He looked like a monster covered by a thick carapace. Not only was every part of his body covered by sturdy bones, he was surrounded by dangerous spikes too!

The Sturdy Bone Armor was more like a machine of its own. It brimmed with a sense of power.

Ice Tiger let out a furious roar and unleashed a terrifying might from his leg. It propelled him at Mo Fan, who was standing a few hundred meters away, in less than two seconds!

Many Advanced Mages could not even complete an Advanced Spell in under two seconds. He could crush someone with his explosive power before they had a chance to use their magic!

Similar to Mo Fan, Ice Tiger attacked with his fist. His punch was not to be underestimated, due to the terrifying speed he was traveling at.

His fist was also covered in ghastly spikes. It looked like a morning star around the size of a basketball as it headed right at Mo Fan!

A strong gust of wind was already blowing in the opposite direction when he was still swinging. The sound of bones cracking occurred as soon as the punch landed on Mo Fan.

Ice Tiger slid further ahead. The wind his punch created blew away the mist.

He came to a stop and turned around. He noticed Mo Fan standing still in the same spot like a scarecrow, showing no sense of pain, even though a hole had been blown through his chest!

Ice Tiger frowned.

As he expected, it was just a shadow clone instead of Mo Fan’s true self!

The puppet with a hole began blown in its chest began to drift away like a piece of black paper. It quickly turned into a cloud of black smoke and dispersed into the sky.

“I hate it when people use these silly tricks against me!” Ice Tiger turned to where Mo Fan was hiding.

His leg let out a huge blast once again as he was launched into the air.

Ice Tiger lifted his fists up high like a gorilla, and came down, slamming his fists on the ground.

The ground cracked apart, bones erupting out of it and causing even greater damage to the area.

Mo Fan was hiding in the shadows. He immediately jumped into the sky when he saw the attack.

Mo Fan’s body was a little numb after Ice Tiger slammed his fists on the ground, and he was struggling to move properly.

He could no longer hide once the bones headed toward him. He gathered the remaining Lightning Magic he had accumulated on his arms.

“Lightning Explosion!”

Lightning coiled around Mo Fan’s arms and fired a shocking beam at the wave of bones approaching him.

The bones were not as sturdy as the bones on Ice Tiger. They shattered like aged branches as they collided with the lightning beam, breaking into pieces and scattering on the ground.

“I’m more than happy to grant you your wish if you like it rough!” Mo Fan harrumphed coldly. He withdrew his left hand as his right hand burst into flames.

“Heavenly Flames Pattern!”

Mo Fan gathered his focus before the Lightning Explosion dissipated and completed the Star Palace of a Super Fire Spell in the shortest time possible.

“Little Flame Belle, grant me your flames!”

Mo Fan was not naive enough to only use a single flame in his attack.

Little Flame Belle was able to give Mo Fan her flames even when she was in the Contracted Space, hence why Mo Fan was able to switch between the three different Soul-grade Flames as he pleased.

His opponent was not fond of fanciness. Mo Fan had no intention of wasting his time on someone unimportant, either.

“Heavenly Flames Pattern: Lava First River!”

Mo Fan pulled his right arm back like the string of a bow, his whole body leaning backward.

His flames were brimming with power. He gathered all his strength on his fist, like he was accumulating the energy of his Star Galaxy on a single point, and threw out a punch.

There was nothing in front of Mo Fan, yet it felt like his punch had landed on a barrier.

An enormous wall of flames appeared from the collision. Scorching lava burst out of the wall and surged at Ice Tiger like a ferocious horizontal pillar!

It was like Mo Fan had just popped the valve of a volcano. A sea of lava poured out of the hole and swept across the ground in an unstoppable fashion. Its momentum showed no sign of decreasing even after traveling over five hundred meters away.

The Fiery Fist produced by an Intermediate Star Pattern usually appeared in the form of a fiery dragon rising from a lake of flames, but its speed was not that impressive. An enemy could easily dodge it if they were more than three hundred meters away, so Mo Fan normally used it as a counterattack.

On the other hand, these Heavenly Flames unleashed through a Star Palace from Mo Fan’s fist had far surpassed the scale of an Intermediate Fiery Fist. It was a real Super Magic. The Heavenly Flames Pattern contained a vast sea of lava, and the force of the lava bursting out of Mo Fan’s fist was comparable to an erupting volcano.

The lava surged forward like a beam of light!

In addition to that, the hole Mo Fan created had a diameter of fifty meters.

Lava lasted longer than fire. Mo Fan had basically dug a river of lava flowing parallel to the Scorching River with his punch!

—

“Such a close call, I almost failed to dodge it in time...” Ice Tiger crawled back to his feet.

He was forced to dive wildly to the ground just to dodge the punch. Lingering fear rose when he looked at the blazing red river beside him.

“Do you think that’s all I have?” Mo Fan grinned coldly.

Mo Fan bashed another hole into the unseen barrier with a second punch. An imperious burning pattern immediately appeared and unleashed another pillar of lava fifty meters across at the speed of light!