Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2346: Absolute Strength

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

In the past, the chance of obtaining Soul Remnants from killing demon creatures was purely based on luck. He would only get a few high-quality Soul Essences if he was lucky.

In comparison, the Soul Remnants and Soul Essences provided by the soldier-mages were generally of high quality. Mo Fan had obtained many Soul Essences from all those who had died with Little Loach’s help. He had plans to strengthen his Summoned Beasts, too. He decided to put the Soul Remnants and Soul Essences of the Brown Rebels and Federation Soldiers to good use.

He could easily see why many evil Mages enjoyed using living humans and fresh blood as sacrifices. It was easier to obtain what they needed from human Mages, as opposed to finding suitable Soul Essences from hunting down all kinds of demon creatures.

Mo Fan did not show any mercy to the elite soldiers of the Brown Rebels.

He was not cruel enough to collect their Soul Remnants and Soul Essences just for that purpose, but it was not like the Brown Rebels would spare his life if he went easy on them!

“I would like to see how many you can kill, I still have more than eight groups of soldiers like the first one!” White Leopard exclaimed.

Ice Tiger was vicious and had a strong urge to kill. White Leopard did not bother wasting his time on the same boring stuff, but it did not necessarily mean he was merciful.

He knew the Wind Mages did not stand a chance against Mo Fan’s Heavenly Flames. In his eyes, the Wind Mages had served their purposes by wasting Mo Fan’s energy.

Every soldier who could block a bullet for him was a good soldier!

Two more groups of elite soldiers appeared on Mo Fan’s flanks after White Leopard signaled them with a whistle.

These soldiers were more than a little scared of Mo Fan after witnessing the deaths of the other Wind Mages.

Even if they had a huge advantage in numbers, they were unable to eliminate the fear in their hearts when they were fighting against a powerful Mage.

“Nightmare Nyx Regime!”

Mo Fan immediately saw the emotions of the soldiers from their eyes. He Summoned a great darkness, like a solar eclipse, engulfing the area in shadows.

The Nightmare Nyx Regime was a stronger version of the Nyx Regime. Mo Fan’s Shadow Magic had transformed under the influence of the Dark Vein.

It was no longer merely trapping the enemy in darkness, making them lose their sense of direction and will to fight. The Nightmare Nyx Regime forced its victims to see their greatest nightmares in the darkness!

It was like the soldiers were stuck to a chair in a pitch-black cinema and forced to keep their eyes open to watch the playback of the scariest things they had experienced in their lives on the screen. They were overwhelmed by fear and covered in cold sweat even if they knew it was fake.

Mo Fan’s Nightmare Nyx Regime took care of one group of elite soldiers. They would no longer pose a threat to him.

One more group of elite soldiers remained. Mo Fan was not going to give them a chance to use their magic on him.

Mo Fan did not have a lot of defensive moves. White Leopard was obviously sending his men to their deaths, forcing him to use all his trump cards. White Leopard would then be able to deal the killing blow without any worries. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Therefore, Mo Fan had to act quicker than his enemy!

Mo Fan had already learned from the previous battles that the elite soldiers of the Brown Rebels could combine their magic into attacks that were almost as strong as Super Spells. The best way to deal with them was to take them out before they could use their magic!

“Don’t let him come any closer, or we’ll suffer the same fate as the first group!” an Advanced-level captain in the company yelled.

The first group of soldiers had served as a great example. The soldiers did not dare use Intermediate Spells, as they needed too much time to construct the Star Patterns. They were trying to stop Mo Fan from closing in with just Basic Spells.

Mo Fan was like a super boss in their eyes. They would die instantly if they allowed Mo Fan to come too close to them!

The truth was, even if Mo Fan did not close in on the soldiers, he could still kill them with his cannon-like destructive power. However, it was unlikely he would have a chance to prepare his most powerful spells when so many enemies were watching him.

“Focus fire, he’s not that quick!” the captain with a long beard exclaimed. “Look out for his Fleeing Shadow! Light Mages, light up the area in front of us!”

The captain was a wise commander. He ordered his men to seal off the paths Mo Fan could take to close in on them with Basic Spells. He also realized Mo Fan was a Shadow Mage when he saw the other group was still crying out in agony, trapped in their nightmares.

“Very good, keep it up, force him to back away so we have enough time to construct Star Patterns!” The captain’s eyes glittered when he saw Mo Fan backing away. “Increase your firepower, don’t let him use his Super Magic!

“Maintain a safe distance and prepare to construct Star Patterns for the Group Spell, Prison of Ice Chains!”

Ice Magic started building up in the air. The soldiers’ Ice Magic was restricted by the scorching lava rivers nearby, but the Group Ice Spell was still their best option.

If they could bind Mo Fan to the ground, they would win the battle once the rest of the groups bombarded him with spells!

“It’s a group of Ice Mages,” Mo Fan murmured.

If he had known the group mainly consisted of Ice Mages, he would have used the Nightmare Nyx Regime on them instead!

However, it did not make much of a difference to him.

The captain leading the group was a brilliant commander. A normal Super Fire Mage might be in great trouble.

The problem was, did Mo Fan only have the Fire Element? Did they assume he was slow because he did not have the Wind Element, or a pair of Magic Boots to increase his speed?

The reason he was ‘slow’ was that the speed increase from the Wind and Shadow Elements was nothing compared to Space Magic!

“Blink!”

A massive amount of icy shards appeared around Mo Fan. However, he had already vanished into thin air by the time the Ice Mages’ conjoined spell landed on his previous location.

Mo Fan normally used Blink to avoid his enemies and dodge their attacks preemptively.

This time, he had purposely waited for the group of Ice Mages to complete their group spell and used Blink at the very last second. Not only did they miss their attack despite planning for it for a long time, it also allowed him to invade their formation!

The group of Ice Mages was less than four hundred meters away. The captain with the long beard was dumbfounded when he saw Mo Fan appearing right in front of them.

All his efforts were in vain. Who would have thought the guy was a Space Mage, too!

Who could possibly stop a Space Mage from moving freely in the middle of a battle? The guy had traveled four hundred meters in an instant!

The group of Ice Mages was in utter despair instantly.

The perfect tactics and great discipline showed by the group of Ice Mages, and even their formation, were worthless against someone with absolute strength!

“Hunt of the Arrows!”

Bolts of solid air came in from every direction. They even had the ability to chase after their targets. The elite soldiers managed to dodge them the first time, but the air bolts soon returned and punctured their targets after circling back through the air.

Under Mo Fan’s control, the air bolts were extremely accurate. The Order Manipulation of the Chaos Element helped to greatly increase their accuracy and track down their targets.

The group of Ice Mages was fleeing in all directions like a startled school of fish, but they continued to fall to the ground.