Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2355: Blood Pact of the Earth, Earth Spine

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Blood was falling from a height of ten meters. Mo Fan’s shirt was soaked in blood, from which drops of blood were falling to the ground.

“Well done, Sharjah!” White Leopard was pleased. He immediately put on a mocking grin.

Sharjah did not attack further with her sword. She looked at Mo Fan hesitantly, as he landed.

“Are you giving me time to stop my bleeding?” Mo Fan was not angry at Sharjah’s reaction.

“Yes...”

“I’m a lot scarier when I’m bleeding,” Mo Fan pointed out helpfully.

Mo Fan did not stop the bleeding. He was not trying to look cool when his blood was dripping as he hung his arm to the side. He just needed some help!

Drip!

Drip!

The drops of blood landed on the soil, but they did not dissipate right away. They were dyeing the area around the Scorching River brown instead.

The drops of blood permeated the land and soon turned the ground around the lake and the ground on the opposite side of the river brown.

“Blood Pact of the Earth!”

The ground shook hard as Mo Fan uttered the words. Huge ravines spread from one side of the river to the other.

An enormous hand covered in runes stuck out of the ravine, followed by a gigantic head poking out from the ground.

The Rock Emperor had been Summoned from its deep slumber. The difference was, Mo Fan had Summoned it with his own blood!

His blood was flowing through the runes on the Rock Emperor’s skin, spreading like scorching lava over a vast black land. Splashes of lava rose from the intersections. Even the slightest drabs turned the ground into red carpets of flames where they landed.

The Earth Vein Rock Emperor was Summoned using Mo Fan’s blood. It was not an independent Summoned Creature. Mo Fan was able to sense a unique connection between the Earth Vein Rock Emperor and his body right now.

He tried to raise his arm.

As he thought, the Earth Vein Rock Emperor also lifted its arm!

He did not have to control the Earth Vein Rock Emperor on purpose. He noticed a pulsating black crystal in front of the Rock Emperor’s chest. The huge amount of energy it contained was spread across the area in a circle of shards.

“Power of the Blood Pact: Earth Spine!”

The Rock Emperor swung its arms forward. It was the incarnation of Mo Fan’s blood. It threw its arms at Sharjah and White Leopard!

A terrifying ridge emerged from the ground, formations of black crystal sprouted around it. The lake, which was several kilometers long, burst open as more of the energy of the Earth Vein surged across its surface.

Shocking chasms scattered across the lake. The creature Summoned by Mo Fan’s Blood Pact of the Earth might only have one chance to attack, but it was surely going to cause massive destruction!

More ridges emerged from the ground. It felt like the surface of the earth was cracking apart and sinking rather than the ridges were rising from below it to reveal the Earth Vein below it!

It was a black vein of huge crystal formation, like the backbone of an ancient beast laying across the ground described in myths. It also resembled the spectacular peak of an ancient mountain as it soared into the clouds!

The Rock Emperor completely changed the terrain which had taken ages to reach its current shape. Even though Mo Fan did not turn mountains into seas and seas into land, it was still incredible how he had Summoned enormous hills out of nowhere to replace the lake!

White Leopard was trapped in between the ridges, surrounded by rocks that were several times stronger than his ice. Every time he Cast an Ice Spell, the jagged edges of the hills shattered his ice into pieces.

Mo Fan was also standing in the ridges. However, the rocks under his feet were moving freely beneath him!

The Blood Pact of the Earth’s power adapted to different terrains. The Scorching River did not exist in primordial times. There was originally a huge ravine here when the Andes Mountain Range was formed after a tectonic shift.

The popular Black Steel Rocks that originated from the Andes Mountain Range were lying at the bottom of the ravine. Mo Fan’s blood had permeated the soil and dove to the deepest part underground, merging with the Earth vein under the Andes Mountain Range.

Mo Fan could sense how destructive the energy of the Andes Mountain Range’s vein was. It was currently in deep slumber, scattered across the swamps, rivers, forests, and cities.

Mo Fan’s blood was able to awaken less than a ten-thousandth of it. However, that was enough to grant Mo Fan control over the jagged hills and ridges!

His enemies would have to escape the interlocked ridgelines, which now covered a few kilometers, to be free of his control.

“It feels... great!”

Mo Fan could clearly feel the crystalline ridges were his territory. The black rocks under his feet were serving as his throne as he reigned over the Earth Vein.

He could summon tons of the Black Rocks to defend himself with a single thought. The rocks would also sprint like ferocious beasts as he waved his hand to crush his enemies!

The Magic Sword Tyrfing had become a meaningless piece of iron. It did not matter which angle it was flying from and how great its momentum was, the rocks close to Mo Fan would protect the throne from anything at all costs!

The Magic Sword Tyrfing was indeed an infamous weapon in ancient myths. Not only was it sharp enough to slice through everything, it could alter its own shape, too!

If a single sword was unable to reach Mo Fan, the Magic Sword Tyrfing could split into thousands of swords. They scattered around Mo Fan’s vicinity rapidly, like he was being watched by thousands of birds. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Stabs, swings, slices; every duplicate of Tyrfing left a trail of black energy in its path. The wisps of energy interwove freely across the air. The Magic Sword which had been laughing at Mo Fan disdainfully was now screeching angrily. It had sworn to not stop until it cut Mo Fan into pieces and splattered his blood across the ground.

On the other hand, the crystalline ridges held their positions like Buddhas who could fire a beam of light from their fingers to destroy any approaching demon!

The rocks took the shape of shells, bones, and shields, defending Mo Fan’s throne from every attack.

It did not matter if the swords were able to slice through the rocks, as the crystals just kept rising as infinitely as the trees in a forest. The swords were eventually blunted before they could reach their target!

The Magic Sword Tyrfing soon shuddered in defeat, before taking off like a headless fly.

In the end, it returned to the book it had come from with a strong grudge.