Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2358: The Apex of the Ice Element

FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan’s body went from feeling a slight warmth to scorching hot as he finally regained his senses.

The flames were not just a little sparkle with a dim glow in a cellar of ice, but blazing red flames in the sky that could set the air on fire!

Mo Fan realized he was wrong about the enemy’s ice and snow not having any iciness, but his senses had been shut down by the enemy’s Psychic Element. He slowly reclaimed them as he engulfed himself with Little Flame Belle’s flames!

“Such a cunning trick!” Mo Fan cursed.

It was such a close call. He had almost died in the nightmare after his Will was overwhelmed by fear!

Mo Fan continued to increase the temperature of the flames to burn his body. He had to awaken himself with the sensations he was most familiar with!

The ice chains around him began to melt as the flames grew. Even the ice bola did not feel as heavy as before.

The cage of ice chains began to melt. They were real ice, not something he could not destroy. They did not stand a chance after Mo Fan overcame the chains that were binding his heart.

Flame Belle Empress was fully Summoned after Mo Fan reclaimed his senses.

Blazing sunflowers scattered across the area and blossomed rapidly as Flame Belle Empress revealed her true form.

The blossoming sunflowers were not mere illustrations. They continued to spit out little elf sparrows who danced above Flame Belle Empress in shocking numbers, dyeing the gray sky red!

The sparrows kept emitting scorching lights, burning the vast land.

The snow covering the land had melted, revealing the pitch-black ridges, which started emitting hot steam once again. The throne of the Earth Vein under Mo Fan’s feet had regained its imperious aura!

The scorching flames and the Aura of the Earth Vein were what Mo Fan was familiar with.

He was only entangled by ice chains and tortured by the Psychic Element, yet it felt like he had broken out of a deep cellar after being trapped in it for a dozen years!

His burning eyes were fixed on White Leopard as the Soul Shadow of Flame Belle Empress loomed over him. The fiery sparrows scattered across the sky dove at the ground, each creating a wave of flames that surged hundreds of meters away, combining into a sea of flames.

The blazing red flames, with fiery dragons and phoenixes rolling across them, were dazzling and spectacular!

Mo Fan had become the King of Hell after being Possessed by Flame Belle Empress. His gaze alone could dry up a whole river!

White Leopard took a few steps back subconsciously. Damon, who was prepared to ambush Mo Fan from behind, lost his courage to move forward as well!

Damon knew White Leopard’s ability. White Leopard’s magic was not going to snap Mo Fan in half. It would only knock Mo Fan unconscious after his Will was drowned in the painting. It was Damon’s job to give Mo Fan the final blow with the Demon Judgment Sword.

But now, Damon was struggling to use his Light Magic.

Even though Mo Fan had his back to Damon, Damon was trembling in fear as he sensed the Aura of the flames. Damon immediately recalled his encounter with a Bone God Dragon in the Andes Mountain Range a few years ago. It had inflicted on him the same fear he was feeling now!

“I’ve seen through your tricks!” Mo Fan stode forward. Every step he took left a long-lasting burning footprint on the ground.

“So what? You are just adding some colors to my drawing. A real Ice Artist can paint anything he wants without colors. I’m a third-tier Super Ice Mage. How are you going to defeat me?” White Leopard remained fearless.

He flipped his hand and splashed the ink on the ice palette around him.

The white ink splattered on the ground and soon ate away at the sturdy ridge.

The white ink was like a great acid, and soon corroded half of the ridge. The plants touched by the white ink wilted away almost instantly.

Either the rocks or the plants turned into white powder at the slightest touch of the ink. It looked like snow, but it was nowhere near as pure as snow. It was more like a dangerous chemical instead!

“I might not have a Heaven-grade Seed, but my Soul-grade Ice Seed is still the strongest kind in the world, not to mention my cultivation level! Do you think you stand a chance against me?” White Leopard snarled.

Mo Fan’s side had black ridges and a spectacular forest of flames.

On the other hand, the deadly whiteness that was killing everything was just as terrifying. There was no sign of life in the area of the white powder, as if the only outcome of entering the area was being frozen to death!

Mo Fan could tell White Leopard was the greatest obstacle in his path. The fact that he could neutralize half of Flame Belle Empress’ Domain clearly indicated how outstanding his Ice Magic was.

The third tier of the Super Level, and the apex of the Ice Element!

Mo Fan had no chance of winning such a powerful Mage without relying on Flame Belle Empress!

White Leopard tapped his brush in Mo Fan’s direction and said arrogantly, “I was going to preserve my strength for the strongest Mage of the Federation Army, but I shall grant you your wish, since you are so eager to die to my Ice Magic!”

“The Hell I’ve created for the Black Vatican wouldn’t mind leaving you an extra spot, too!” Mo Fan answered. He purposely glanced below the ridge at Damon, who was leading his disciples and a huge number of soldiers.

Damon was still lost in his fear, but the Brown Rebels were not as insightful as him.

In their eyes, the flames only seemed a little stronger than normal flames. They would have no trouble taking down a Super Mage with the advantage of numbers!

They were the elites of the Brown Rebels. They had all achieved the Intermediate Level!

They had no idea they had entered the King of Hell’s territory after climbing onto Mo Fan’s ridge.

“You should stop sending these people to their deaths!” Mo Fan said coldly.

The black rocks under the ridge began to tremble. If one was taking a closer look, they would notice black rings appearing along the soldiers’ paths!

These useless soldiers would be wiped out before they could climb up the ridge!

Mo Fan suddenly clenched his fist after more black rings appeared under the soldiers’ feet!