Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2361: King of Hellish Flames!

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The unstoppable flames separated from Mo Fan, but Flame Belle Empress’ own Aura was just as imperious!

The Brown Rebels finally saw Flame Belle Empress’ true appearance. Her alluring figure had a unique charm even when she was engulfed in sacred flames. The flames were so bright that it was difficult to look at her directly. Furthermore, her naturally aloof Aura was compelling them to remain at a respectful distance. None of them dared to show any disrespect before her!

“A Flame Belle!” Sharjah blurted out. She was finally able to see Mo Fan’s Contracted Beast.

The last Flame Belle in the world!

Sharjah had read a lot of books. She had learned about the discoveries of an explorer related to the Fire Sacred Spirit recently.

Back in a certain era, the Flame Belles were a tribe of Elemental Spirits nurtured with sacred altars across the world.

They had pure hearts, unlike most savage demon creatures, and never took the initiative to attack humans. They were like sacred guardians who passed on their kind by following the laws of nature.

However, the Flame Belles’ numbers gradually declined for some reason. They were now an extremely rare species in the current era. Adventurers of different countries had derived that the last place with signs of a real Flame Belle was in China’s Dunhuang.

As a result, they wrote an article recording the birth of the last Flame Belle.

Many Mages had no idea what a Flame Belle even was. They only cared about their own benefits, but to archeologists, the Flame Belles might be the original source of the Fire Element humans used!

Otherwise, how could a Flame Belle so perfectly Possess a Fire Mage?

Sharjah strongly believed that Flame Belles were the source of the Fire Element because of another reason!

She tapped in the air to Summon the evil book.

The pages flipped rapidly until they reached the final few pages.

One of them was blazing red, as if it was drawn with real flames. The page was shuddering constantly, as if it was going to burn the whole book into ashes at any second.

On the page was a demon creature with the appearance of a woman.

She was spreading her arms around lava and erupting volcanoes.

The flames did not damage her skin. They were setting off her sacred air like a robe.

The dangerous flames were gathering around her respectfully, like her people, ready to obey her commands!

The page with the Magic Sword Tyrfing had an evil presence around its border. The Magic Sword Tyrfing had looked real on the page, like it could fly out of it anytime.

But the page with the Flame Belle only had an illustration, despite its vividness.

Sharjah remembered how her grandfather told her stories of the Flame Belles, but even her grandfather had never seen a real Flame Belle before.

But she had seen one now, and it was an adult Flame Belle, too!

Seeing one in person was much different from hearing rumors and reading the records of one!

Flame Belle Empress left Mo Fan’s body. She was like a bright sun in the world of ice. Not only did she drive the iciness away, her flames flared with a strong presence of life and began sprinkling down to the ground.

White Leopard’s cultivation was outstanding, being able to establish a wilting world by himself, but Flame Belle was a symbol of life and sacred flames. She immediately tore a burning scar in the air, melting away the icy presence of death with her endless flames!

She was like the sunlight of spring as winter ended, resuscitating all living creatures!

The iciness, wilting, and silence had been replaced. The light of the sacred flames not only brought a glimpse of warmth, but it continued to grow stronger!

The Flame Belle Empress’ world did not consist solely of scorched lands, nor would it be ruled over by the cold ice of death!

White Leopard swung his brush wildly, like a painter who had gone mad, scribbling over his drawing board. As a painter, he had to put his soul and boldness into his art, which was the wilting and death he needed now.

However, the Flame Belle Empress’ sacred flames of life had melted them away. The floating iceberg was cracking into pieces, and the black scar devouring the world was filled with flames now.

No matter how hard he painted, even if he splashed all his ink onto the drawing board, he could not cover the light of the flames.

White Leopard’s face paled.

Every stroke he made was consuming his energy. The faster he painted, the quicker he consumed his energy!

The man’s bitter resentment was stressing him out. On the other hand, Flame Belle Empress remained unmoving as she calmly reclaimed her territory.

White Leopard had a twisted expression as a result of the pain from forcibly drawing out his mental energy, like a person who was trying to keep working after not sleeping for several days. His haggard face and green-glowing eyes were ghastly to look at.

“No one can burn my drawing. No one can survive in my world of wilting ice; no light, no temperature, no flame!” White Leopard screamed. White foam was coming out of his mouth.

His eyes rolled upward. It was clear that the final flourish had consumed a part of his life force. His body was reacting badly from the overexertion.

White Leopard’s body convulsed as he started vomiting. He had finally reached his limit. He was sent flying when he tried to paint again. He slammed into the ice mountain behind himself and knocked it to the ground!

“Brother!”

Ice Tiger quickly went over and saw White Leopard forcing himself up. The bones on his back were twisting, but he was forcing himself to stand like a soldier.

“There’s no way I will lose. There’s no way, I’m the strongest Ice Mage in this country! I won’t lose to a nobody like him!” White Leopard yelled. His body was bending in a strange way. “I won’t allow anyone to interfere with the battle! I can kill him. What Flame Belle, what Heaven-grade Flame, they will all end up dead in my drawing!”

White Leopard staggered as he walked forward. His fingers were trembling while holding his brush.

He was struggling to hold his brush properly. How was he able to fight any longer? Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The floating iceberg kept falling. Flame Belle Empress slowly descended from the black scar. The flames about her had weakened slightly, but her Aura was still the same.

Mo Fan still had a lot of enemies to fight. The White Leopard was not the only enemy left. Flame Belle Empress Possessed Mo Fan again.

Flame Belle Empress was a little worn out. As she entered Mo Fan’s body, her flames continued to burn around him.

Their strongest fires were not when they were separated. Their strongest form was when they were merged into one!

It was when Flame Belle Empress was burning in Mo Fan’s heart, turning him into the King of Hellish Flames!