Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2394: Fossilized Whale Tail

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The prison guard had an impressive cultivation. Mo Fan was constantly on the run dodging his Wind Magic.

Meanwhile, Lu Kun did not stop attacking even though he had the help of a powerful Wind Mage. He was roaming around close to Mo Fan in a strange manner.

He was leaving afterimages all around the place as he was moving. Mo Fan felt like a dozen Lu Kuns were attacking him with their claws.

The sharp claws possessed immense strength. A single swipe could slice a heavy truck into a few pieces. Mo Fan might lose a part of his body if he was careless!

Luckily, Mo Fan had the Dark Vein to warn him of incoming danger. He was able to react quickly, before the dazzling red claws could surprise him. Otherwise, he would only have lasted for a few minutes while being attacked from both sides.

The blood-red claws with six digits swept at Mo Fan like crescent blades, leaving six deep gashes in the concrete.

Mo Fan formed a wall with his Will and barely stopped the claws from tearing through his body, but he was forced backward from the impact.

He felt a little dizzy after taking the hit.

He shook his head and saw the Wind Mage circling rapidly in the sky. He was producing a tornado in the shape of a drill, treating himself as the eye!

Piercing howls echoed in the sky as the Wind Drill came right down at Mo Fan. He did not have any defensive moves left. He could only harden his skin with his Earth Magic!

Mo Fan was knocked flying by the wind. It easily shredded his hardened skin. The scrapped cars were shredded into metal powder which scattered everywhere.

Mo Fan was covered in blood. Wounds spread across his entire body.

The wind drill returned like the pendulum of a clock to give Mo Fan another taste.

“Blood Pact of the Earth: Fossilized Whale Tail!”

The soil began to rise like waves across the ground. A strong movement built up under the ground as Mo Fan’s blood continued to fall on it!

BANG!

A huge wave appeared following a deafening roar. An ancient creature lifted its enormous tail and slammed it down on the ground!

It was the tail of an ancient whale. It was the size of a small mountain when it rose up. The tail was stunning, even without it revealing its actual body.

The tail did not look like it belonged to a living whale. It seemed to be part of a fossil instead.

The tail slammed into the ground after rising into the sky. The Wind Drill had encountered something it could not penetrate for the first time. The heavy blow also knocked the Wind Mage over a thousand meters away.

The ground kept shaking after the Fossil Whale disappeared. Sand poured down from the sky.

Mo Fan took a deep breath. He had finally managed to turn the tables a little. The attack should have broken a few of the Wind Mage’s bones.

Mo Fan turned around and focused his attention on Lu Kun.

Lu Kun was extremely cunning. He had quickly backed away to a safe distance after he noticed the unusual movement under the ground. Otherwise, the Fossilized Whale Tail would have injured him too!

Lu Kun was clapping his hands as he returned.

“Interesting!” Lu Kun was a little surprised by Mo Fan’s ability.

Mo Fan’s Earth Element was only at the Advanced Level, but its strength had even exceeded the Super Level by a small amount. It turned out the man who had dared to throw a tantrum in his kingdom had some tricks up in his sleeves!

It explained why Mo Fan was able to take away his Evil Orb so easily.

Mo Fan was panting heavily. He was similarly shocked by Lu Kun’s strength.

The Blood Pact of the Earth was an instantaneous ability that did not require any actions from him. Most people would have underestimated its power.

Mo Fan had abused it many times to inflict serious injuries on his enemies, but to his surprise, Lu Kun had backed away as soon as he noticed it. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Lu Kun had extremely sharp senses, as if he knew he could not withstand Mo Fan’s Blood Pact of the Earth directly.

As Mo Fan thought, the higher the level of a Red Demon, the more sensitive it was to potential danger. Either the Red Demon had some special ability to foresee danger, or it was a very experienced fighter.

Mo Fan recalled how Lu Kun was able to predict his meeting with Mochizuki Chihaya. He was more leaning toward the first possibility.

The Red Demon was able to sense danger beforehand, similar to his Dark Vein.

It was troublesome to fight an enemy like this!

It was difficult to inflict any critical damage on Lu Kun. Even if Mo Fan pretended he was at his limit, Lu Kun would still be aware of the trump card Mo Fan was holding in his hand.

“Your power to control objects isn’t that effective, but my power to control humans is different!” Lu Kun did not attack Mo Fan right away.

His eyes emitted a red light once again.

A few people dressed like prisoners and prison guards approached rapidly from the direction of Prison Mountain.

Their trails in the air split the clouds into several lines, allowing the light of the stars and the icy moon to sprinkle down on the town, giving it a weird atmosphere.

There were four of them: three prisoners and one prison guard.

To Mo Fan’s surprise, they were all Super Mages!

They seemed to be taking orders from Lu Kun directly. They had not shown up when Mo Fan was at Prison Mountain.

Each of the four Mages were as strong as the previous Wind Mage. Once the Wind Mage recovered from his injuries, Mo Fan would have to face six strong opponents by himself, including Lu Kun!

Mo Fan’s face went grim.

He was initially planning to use his King of Hell form to defeat Lu Kun so he could end the battle as soon as possible.

However, judging from the circumstances, Lu Kun would either flee for his life or summon more prisoners and guards from Prison Mountain to wear him out after learning his true strength.

Mo Fan would not be able to kill Lu Kun!

I can only fight him in my current state. If he has a sharp sense of danger, it’s very likely he will just leave once I merge with Little Flame Belle,?Mo Fan thought.

Mo Fan was confident in his strength when he was in the King of Hell form, but would Lu Kun really stay and fight him after he was Possessed by Little Flame Belle?

Lu Kun had extraordinary speed. He could leave a dozen afterimages behind himself.

The Flying Creek Snow Wolf could only leave six afterimages at most. Mo Fan also had no idea if Lu Kun had already shown his full speed.

The Red Demon was extremely cunning, not to mention its ability to alter its appearance. It would be even more difficult to track it down once it escaped today!

“Little Flame Belle, you handle the prisoners and guards,” Mo Fan told her.

“Ling~” Little Flame Belle nodded.

Little Flame Belle had no trouble handling four lesser Super Mages herself.

Mo Fan decided to have a battle of life and death with Lu Kun!