Chapter 2469: Wind Ultimate: Nine-Headed Serpent

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Zhang Xiaohou was able to buy some time with his recklessness, but he still briefly treated his injuries. His life would be in danger if he kept bleeding.

Advisor Zheng Wu glared at Zhang Xiaohou, and suddenly raised his hand. Pitch-black cracks tore through the rift. They looked like branches of an old tree lit up by the light of the moon. They seemed sharp and deadly in the dark.

Zhang Xiaohou focused himself. His enemy was like an assassin, with outstanding speed. Every move he used relied on his speed. His attacks were deadly and quick, not giving his target any time to react and prepare a defense.

Even the slightest mistake might cost Zhang Xiahou’s life against an enemy like Advisor Zheng Wu!

Chaos Cracks was an ability that could ignore every defense of its target. It could slice space itself and everything it contained in half. The cracks even lasted for some time and only slowly dissipated.

Another crack sliced across space like a giant axe, splitting reality around Zhang Xiaohou in half.

Zhang Xiaohou nimbly dodged the axe, but more cracks suddenly appeared under his feet. They did not cover a large area, but it was enough to cover his landing spot.

The defense of the Earth Element would be ineffective, as the Chaos Cracks would intercept any form of magic.

Zhang Xiaohou had once fought a flying beast with the Chaos Element in the Qinling Mountains. Its abilities were strange and unpredictable, and its every attack was deadly. He had lost many of his men to the Chaos Cracks!

Zhang Xiaohou was extremely cautious against the Chaos Element after his experience fighting the creature with the Chaos Element. He knew the Chaos Magic could appear out of nowhere. He left other options open with every step he took.

Zhang Xiaohou did not land on the Chaos Cracks, instead swinging his right arm at a nearby cliff-face.

A rope of white wind wrapped around the stone, and Zhang Xiaohou pulled himself toward the cliff, gliding across the sky.

The Chaos Cracks were still growing in size. Zhang Xiaohou let go of the wind rope and landed on another area on the surface of the sea. He swore when he saw the Chaos Cracks at the spot where he was supposed to land initially.

The cracks could easily slice through an enormous beast, let alone a human!

Zhang Xiaohou withheld his anger and demanded, “Advisor Zheng Wu, what are you doing?”

Every move from Zheng Wu was deadly enough to kill Zhang Xiaohou. Why was he working for the sea monsters?

“Die, die, die!” Advisor Zheng Wu shouted madly.

His voice was extremely strange. It not only carried his angry scream, but another vicious screech was also coming out of his throat.

Zhang Xiaohou immediately recalled the demon in the trench. It sounded similar to the demon’s shrieking! CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Zhang Xiaohou finally noticed Advisor Zheng Wu’s eyes. They were dark and green, and a strange flower was swaying in his pupils.

Zhang Xiaohou was stunned. His eyes were the same as the demon in the trench!

Wasn’t it hiding in the trench? How did it take over Advisor Zheng Wu’s body to attack them on the surface?

Hang on, something is not right!

The man in front of him was clearly Advisor Zheng Wu. Even the spells he was using were a human’s abilities.

In other words, the demon in the trench was controlling Advisor Zheng Wu’s mind. He had been turned into a puppet.

Controlling humans’ minds!

Apparently, many sea monsters had the ability to do this trick. It explained why the Operation of the Forbidden Curse had been compromised, and the reason why Zheng Wu had stayed behind after the coordinates were set.

The military thought Advisor Zheng Wu had sacrificed himself so his troop could escape from the Forbidden Curse’s Gravitational Vortex, but the demon in the trench had long been controlling him. He had stayed behind to guard the place, in case someone like Zhang Xiaohou showed up to ruin its plan!

These sea monsters are truly cunning!

Most importantly, humans were unaware of the sea monsters’ intelligence. They never thought humans, whose greatest power was their intelligence, would become the sea monsters’ puppets and spy on them!

“It seems like you have lost your heart. I won’t show you any mercy. Advisor Zheng Wu, I’ll free your soul!” Zhang Xiaohou declared.

Yang Xiajie had died a painful death. Advisor Zheng Wu had been trapped for an even longer time. He had completely lost his will and become a puppet. He must have been tortured greatly.

Zhang Xiaohou had decided to use his deadly moves. It was unlikely Advisor Zheng Wu would survive them.

Advisor Zheng Wu did not react even in the slightest after hearing the words, having totally lost his mind. Zhang Xiaohou did not notice any sign of his lingering spirit from his eyes, like he had Yang Xiajie.

What a pity...

It was like a free man who had been turned into a mindless slave after being whipped for several days. He had completely lost his true nature!

“Wind Ultimate: Nine-Headed Serpents!”

Zhang Xiaohou suddenly flew at Advisor Zheng Wu, like a fierce gust of wind.

Advisor Zheng Wu immediately summoned branches from the Chaos Cracks to defend himself, but Zhang Xiaohou was faster. He had already flown past Advisor Zheng Wu before the branches even appeared.

A trail remained in Zhang Xiahou’s flight path. It resembled a savage serpent surrounded by strong winds. Its body was as thick as a dragon, and it had a giant head.

Advisor Zheng Wu quickly turned around in case Zhang Xiaohou was readying to strike him from behind.

As soon as Advisor Zheng Wu fixed his eyes on Zhang Xiaohou, he turned into a gust of wind again and flashed past him, leaving another trail resembling a ferocious serpent.

Zhang Xiaohou began moving even faster. Advisor Zheng Wu could not even see him properly as he flew back and forth again several times, he could only see the trails Zhang Xiaohou was leaving behind himself.

Zhang Xiaohou suddenly stopped, his back facing Advisor Zheng Wu. He pulled the wind rope in his right hand with great strength.

The wind trails tightened as strong winds started surging. Advisor Zheng Wu began struggling to maintain his balance.

Most terrifyingly, nine enormous figures rose from the winds. There were nine wind serpents there, all sharing a body. They spread apart like a blossoming flower.

The nine serpents arched back and lunged at Advisor Zheng Wu, who was right above their backs. The serpents began to tear at him.

Advisor Zheng Wu was knocked into the air by one of the heads. The rest of them immediately went after him.

Fresh blood sprayed in the air as his body was savagely torn to pieces.

Even the demon in the trench who was controlling Advisor Zheng Wu had not expected the human who had escaped from it to possess such terrifying strength!