Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Chapter 2475: Full Invasion

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

—

The South China Sea, Fuxi City...?

The temperature constantly remained?around twenty Celsius. It was warm and humid.

The constant temperature and humidity had given Fuxi City a famous place which attracted many tourists, the Sea of Jasmine.

It was the blossoming season for the jasmine. Tourists were traveling to the mountains to enjoy the warmth and smell of nature.

The light blue sea was not far away. The petals of the jasmines danced elegantly whenever the sea breeze swept at them.

A little boy pointed at the sea and exclaimed in excitement, “Mother, look, there are flowers in the sea, too! It’s beautiful!”

“Nonsense, why would there be flowers in the sea?” The little boy’s mother was a little angry. It was not wrong to have some wild imagination, but it did not give the kid a reason to lie just to get someone else’s attention.

The crowd was suddenly clamoring. The little boy’s mother soon noticed the people around her had stopped enjoying the scenic view of the flowers. They were looking at the sea while recording and taking pictures on their phones.

The mother quickly put on her glasses, and could finally see into the distance clearly. The colorful splashes on the sea immediately caught her eyes.

It was rare to see such colors on the sea. She wondered why they were blossoming like flowers on the sea. It was as surreal as a dream.

The people were gasping and screaming in shock. Many were overjoyed by the sight. Young couples were hugging and kissing to remember the bizarre moment.

It was so wonderful!

The unknowns of the world were part of its beauty. A sight like this was unforgettable, even with only a quick glance.

A loud siren suddenly echoed in the sky above Fuxi City.

A strange purple light shone down at the beach, like a half-transparent purple curtain.

“Mother, it’s the alarm when something disastrous happens. My teacher taught me when we were doing a drill at school!” the little boy exclaimed.

His mother had her eyes fixed on the dazzling sea. She noticed something rising to its feet amid the splashes of color.

Each splash on the sea was the size of a small ferry…

The things under the colors finally revealed their true appearances after rising above the surface of the sea.

The creatures had ghastly bodies. The red membrane on the outside was more like organs exposed to the air instead of skin. Veins covered in layers of sticky substance interwove across their bodies, resulting in monsters with flower-like backs and the bodies of a meaty jellyfish!

As a matter of fact, if the people looked closely, they would realize the flower-like backs of the creatures were far from beautiful, especially if they were close enough to notice the tentacles that were wriggling on them. They were clustered together, making them look like a blossoming sunflower as they rose to the surface of the water.

The sight had gone from dazzling to spooky. The people on the mountains realized why the alarm had gone off.

They were overwhelmed by fear, and only started running away belatedly.

Many people fell to the ground screaming after bumping into one another. The “sea sunflowers” were ugly and massive. They were approaching the land, somewhat like giant snails without shells on their back. Their tentacles kept spitting out colorful liquids at the crowds close to the shore.

The colorful liquids poured down on the city like rain. Many of the tourists who came to enjoy the scenic view of the flowers would have quickly turned into puddles of blood without the purple barrier’s protection.

Even so, thousands of people died in the sea monsters’ ambush!

The ghastly Sea Flower Demons were unstoppable. The City Hunters who came at a short notice attacked the Sea Flower Demons, but their magic could only scratch the sea monsters’ itch.

The beach was soon covered in blood. Even the rising tide was unable to dilute it!

Further away from the chaotic beach, a gigantic Sea Flower Demon was floating on the sea.

It was the size of an island!

Its body, hidden under the water, would turn out to be the scariest thing the people had ever seen!

—

—

The Pudong District of the Magic City...

Unlike other places that were involved in the emergency broadcasts, there was no sign of a giant army of sea monsters rising from the submerged Pudong District. The only thing the people could see were huge waves around the height of tall buildings.

The waves eventually combined into a giant skeleton.

The roof of the Dongfang Oriental Tower was the only high place left in the Pudong District.

Many Advanced Mages were standing at the top of the Dongfang Oriental Tower. Their faces filled with astonishment.

It was a Sea Emperor Skeleton!

The Sea Emperor Skeleton had almost reached the height of the Dongfang Oriental Tower. It was slowly walking toward the modern city.

The people in the city at places with a wider view could easily see the Sea Emperor Skeleton. It was tall enough to look like a clear landmark, similar to the Dongfang Oriental Tower.

Every lightning bolt that flashed across the dark sky would reveal the enormous skeleton made of seawater, placing the people of the city under suffocating pressure!

——

Zhuhai City...

Every night, the dazzling lights of the city would be reflected on the sea. The calm waves on the sea would make the reflection look like a piece of art.

However, Zhuhai City was completely dark tonight.

There was not a single star in the sky, nor was there any light on the land and the city, as if the coastal city had been devoured by darkness.

A long eel-like figure with flickering scales was approaching from the vast sea. The whole area was pitch-black, except for the wild lightning that was flickering about like a thunderstorm.

The only lights left in Zhuhai City were the reflection of the lightning flashes in the widened eyes of the residents.

The eyes were portraying the shock and fear in the people’s hearts!

——

Feiniao Headquarters City...

There was nothing but silence.

A faint mist shrouded the city, which was as quiet as a fast asleep baby.

There was no noise or clamor in the city, only the soft rustling of the gentle sea breeze, like a faint melody produced by a conch or the elegant voice of a songstress.

Everything was still as the pleasant melody continued, like the Heavens at night.

However, it was the Feiniao Headquarters City, a busy metropolis.

Normally, there would be trucks on the roads late at night. Young adults would be drinking, singing karaoke, and having supper in the busy districts.

But there was no sign of them tonight.

The city was fast asleep.

It was fast asleep amid the mist and the melody.