Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2493: The Shadow Triad

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe was wearing a cloak with sawtooth designs upon it, which covered its legs. Only its strange and bulky figure was visible.

It stood on the black sea, perfectly portraying the temperament of a God of Death. Its deep eyes had tagged every living creature in sight with the time of their death.

Its one hand was dangling naturally to the side, while the other was propped up on the hilt of a long object it was carrying on its shoulder.

The object was obviously a scythe. The Elder of the Shadow Tribe often used it to slice open a creature’s chest and hook their soul out.

“Tsk tsk tsk!” the Elder of the Shadow Tribe’s laugh was oddly sinister.

It turned to Mo Fan.

It was extremely pleased with the Swamp of Darkness Mo Fan had prepared. It was showing Mo Fan its appreciation.

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe flew across the river and faced the army of sea monsters alone.

Just as Mo Fan thought the Elder of the Shadow Tribe was about to massacre the sea monsters with its scythe, he realized the object it was carrying was actually a hammer covered in spikes.

The hammer was shockingly large. The Elder of the Shadow Tribe was constantly shrouded by a dark mist, so Mo Fan had assumed the object it was carrying was just a scythe.

To his surprise, the Elder of the Shadow Tribe was instead carrying a giant hammer that could smash any creature into mincemeat!

The whole area covered in darkness shook hard when the hammer slammed on the water.

The sea monsters leading the way were covered in scales and had menacing horns, but the Elder of the Shadow Tribe violently smashed them into pieces, including their scales, fins, and horns!

A brutal hammer!

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe was nearly as strong right now in the field of darkness Mo Fan had prepared for it as it was at home in the Dark Plane. Every swing of its hammer resulted in flying carcasses. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The dead bodies of the sea monsters were completely mixed together, it was impossible to identify their species. The water under the Elder of the Shadow Tribe was littered with the remains of the sea monsters in just a few minutes.

A hammer was more straightforward and violent than a scythe. The sea monsters had lost their courage to charge forward recklessly after only several swings.

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe was enjoying the slaughter. It turned around after smashing the sea monsters until they were beyond recognition, dragging its hammer across the remains of the Great Commander-level sea monsters. It was a terrifying sight.

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe slowly walked toward the rest of the sea monsters with its hammer.

A black cloud of gas spiraled up beside the Elder of the Shadow Tribe’s foot with every step it took, transforming into a Shadow Guard walking alongside it.

The Shadow Guards were influenced by their Elder. They were also carrying hammers on their shoulders, instead of assassination weapons like daggers.

More Shadow Guards appeared, each carrying a weapon stained with blood. They followed the Elder and approached the sea monsters fearlessly.

Even Mo Fan was dumbfounded by the sight, let alone Ding Yumian!

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe was supposed to be a respected noble in the Dark Plane. It had control over the Shadow Tribe’s right to kill. Even if it did not have the temperament of a king, it was supposed to behave like a feudal vassal. Why did it feel like it was leading a criminal gang during the era of the Republic of China instead?

The members of the triad were all wearing black cloaks and carrying blunt weapons like hammers. They were marching forward with overbearing arrogance, looking just like street thugs.

Mo Fan finally understood why the lower beam would be crooked when the upper beam was not straight.

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe was an unrestrained butcher, and so all of its men were mimicking it!

However, they were not just trying to put up a front like street gangsters, but were actually planning to kill the sea monsters sadistically!

They were like serial killers who had already corralled their targets. They just had to choose how they were going to kill their prey!

Whether it was using a scythe, an axe, or a hammer, whatever was more effective at intimidating their prey, the only fate awaiting the sea monsters was a horrible death.

The Elder of the Shadow Tribe led the way. Every swing of its hammer shattered the bones and scales of the sea monsters without fail.

The Shadow Guards were strengthened by the Elder of the Shadow Tribe’s Aura and the darkness. They lined up in rows and purged the sea monsters in an orderly fashion, without sparing any of them.

It was effective to curb violence with violence when dealing with the vicious sea monsters. The creatures of the Dark Plane were true experts when it came to the art of killing!

Mo Fan approved the approach of the Elder of the Shadow Tribe. It was necessary to make the sea monsters afraid. He had to inject fear into their bones, so they would understand they had to pay a huge price for invading their cities and territories, and killing their people so brutally!

Dead sea monsters were piling up in the river. The river had stopped flowing. The bodies were floating on the water and forming a new sandbank in front of the bridge.

There used to be a sandbank full of the remains of pigs and the Crocodile Sea Demons. It had now resurfaced, but it was formed from the dead bodies of the sea monsters instead of earth.

It was Ding Yumian’s first time seeing a nightmarish sight like this. However, she did not move her gaze away, nor allow herself to show any weak emotions.

She knew if the bodies piling up had not belonged to the sea monsters, the corpses scattered along the river would instead be humans. She would feel true despair if that happened.

Ding Yumian tried her best to remain calm, despite the shock she was experiencing.

Every time she was shaken, she would glance at Mo Fan.

Mo Fan’s were calm and unmoved. He was obviously used to situations like this.

However, Ding Yumian knew the man had a fiery heart, despite his merciless expression. Anything that crossed his line would have to suffer his wrath.

They could not be hesitant and show their enemy mercy at a time like this. They had to be decisive. They had to fight back fiercely!

It was the only way to defend the river that stretched for over a hundred kilometers!

As a Psychic Mage, if she was not mentally strong enough, how was she going to beat the cunning sea monsters and their lust for blood?

Ding Yumian felt she had learned an important lesson today.

Humans were often unable to resolve certain things, like the pain they had suffered and the guilt they bore, but if she had a firm heart like the man beside her, she would be able to protect her people instead of bringing disaster to them!