Chapter 252: Condensed Spirit Essence

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

As evening came, Mo Fan quietly moved to the rooftop.

The air in the Imperial City was even worse then the Demon City. No matter which part of the city you were in, there was no way for you to see the starry skies. The clouds made the night pitch-black and everything unclear. There was a layer of a yellow drizzle around, like a pollution of the light.

Mo Fan planned on continuing meditating tonight and wanted to focus on the Summoning Element that had recently evolved into a Nebula.

Who knew why, but the Little Loach Pendant was a bit odd today, as it let out a strange radiance. Mo Fan thought it was very weird.

During the past couple of days, while he was appreciating the Magic Historical Sites, Mo Fan had gone to Mr. Qiu Yuhua specifically to ask about matters regarding Undead Tools.

Recalling what Zhao Manyan had mentioned before, Soul Remnants and Soul Essences that appeared after death could not be seen, and thus could not be collected, either. Only Undead Magicians were capable of controlling them.

If other Magicians wanted to collect Soul Remnants or Soul Essences, they had to use the Undead Tools forged by the Undead Magicians...

Just where did the Little Loach Come from? It was a precious Meditation Tool, and also a Undead Tool.

Tonight, the light emitted by this little thing was particularly strange. Mo Fan decided to use his intent to probe and see what he could find out.

The Underground Holy Spring was stored within the Little Loach Pendant, and was nearly completely digested. The reason why Yu Ang was able to sense the aura of the Underground Holy Spring was because the Little Loach Pendant had emitted some drops of the Underground Holy Spring stored inside it.

Spitting out the Spring again was basically impossible. Additionally, the Little Loach Pendant seemed to have linked to it. Even if someone wanted to take it away, it would be impossible. To be frank, the Black Vatican no longer had any possibility of ever getting the Underground Holy Spring.

“Why are you being so noisy? Not only are you not asleep in the dead of the night, you’re also letting out some strange, green light...” Mo Fan was sitting on the rooftop as he watched the Little Loach Pendant in confusion.

As night fell, the Little Loach Pendant began to light up a green radiance. From time to time, it would start to tremble as well. If Mo Fan wasn’t one hundred percent sure that the Little Loach Pendant was actually a pendant, then he would’ve suspected it to be a living creature.

As his intent entered the pendant, Mo Fan was shocked to discover that the inside of the Little Loach Pendant actually had a void space.

Perhaps because his cultivation back then was not high enough, his intent had been unable to truly enter the world of the Little Loach Pendant. This time, Mo Fan felt just like his first time using Dimensional Summoning, his intent felt as though he was in a plane different from his own.

However, Mo Fan did not panic. Even something like the Three Step Pagoda had a colossal space hidden within it, the mysterious Little Loach Pendant having a world of its own was not strange at all. Otherwise, where would it put the Underground Holy Spring? Where would it put the collected souls?

As his intent continued to wander, he realized this piece of void was actually not that big. As Mo Fan proceeded toward the deeper parts, he quickly spotted an incredibly clear river in the middle of it.

The aura emitted by the river was just like the Underground Holy Spring. You could basically say that there was a murmuring river flowing within the void of the Little Loach Pendant!

As Mo Fan watched carefully, he realized there was a ball of green light hovering above the waters of the river. It looked like a bunch of enlarged fireflies as it floated above the river.

The green fireflies’ radiance had already reached a certain scale. It began to gather as it glittered above the clear river, simply too beautiful. However, once he was clear what the firefly radiance was, Mo Fan was no longer able to think of them as beautiful.

To put it in a nice way, the things floating above the river were Soul Remnants.

In a bad way, they were all souls.

In the very beginning, when Mo Fan had killed the Spirit Wolf that belonged to Instructor Bai Yang, the Spirit Wolf’s soul had been absorbed by the Little Loach Pendant.

Ever since, the Magical Beasts and the people from the Black Vatican killed by him had all turned into those specks of light as they floated into the Little Loach Pendant.

Mo Fan thought that those worthless Soul Remnants had all been turned into food for the Little Loach Pendant, but who would’ve thought that they were all here, turned into a green lantern hovering above the river...

Mo Fan was also puzzled. He really did not understand the Little Loach Pendant’s addiction to gathering all these spoils of war.

Fortunately, not too long afterwards, the green radiance began to dim. Although Mo Fan was suspicious, since he couldn’t tell what was going on, he had to stop wasting time.

They were all Soul Remnants. Compared to the Soul Essences that could be used to create Stardust Magic Tools and Nebula Magic Tools, the difference was like a grain of sand and gold. Since the Little Loach Pendant liked to collect them, then he’d let it be. Being a Pendant with a goal was not a bad thing, either!

Mo Fan no longer paid any more attention to the Little Loach Pendant. He sank into his magic Cultivation.

——

As he entered the latter half of the night, the Little Loach Pendant turned restless once more, continuously trembling.

Mo Fan opened his eyes. Just as he was about to scold the pendant, he suddenly realized that the originally scattered green radiance had concentrated greatly!

Mo Fan to opened his eyes widel and his mouth was gaping enough to fit a fist inside it!

The scattered green radiance and the condensed green radiance were two completely different things. The former was a Soul Remnant as worthless as a grain of sand, and the latter was a Soul Essence worth as much as gold!

The problem was, he clearly did not fight anything, nor did he kill any Magical Beast, so how could the pendant possibly produce a Soul Essence?

Furthermore, this was the genuine article!

Mo Fan hastily used his intent to probe and suddenly realized the Soul Remnants hovering above the river were no longer there. The space above the river was completely empty, there was only a Soul Essence with a very concentrated radiance. It was as mesmerizing as the moonlight!

Mo Fan was not the kind of person who liked to have a meat pie drop from the sky. He needed to have everything made clear to him before he would feel safe. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

This Soul Essence was too sudden. It was just like picking it up from the street...

Being happy was one thing, but his heart was still a bit not at ease.

——

Carrying this hesitation, early morning finally arrived.

Mo Fan knocked on the old teacher, Qiu Yuhua’s door the first thing in the morning. The old teacher yawned as he looked at Mo Fan saying, “You’re up quite early, what’s wrong?”

“Sir, I was reading a book regarding the Undead Magic Tools. It said that other than just collecting Soul Essences, they also have one extremely special ability. Do you know about it?” Mo Fan asked him.

The old instructor’s eyes began to shine. It was like he had met another great master who would delve into this kind of study as he wearily said, “Where did you read this book at, it must be an ancient book! I actually accidentally came across some very early materials that had some records written down...”

When Mo Fan saw this old teacher’s eyes turning extremely excited while pretending to act so mysterious, he knew that this old guy definitely had the answer that he wanted. Thus he directed him in the direction of what he wanted to understand.

The old teacher Qiu Yuhua appeared as if he was spilling all of the secrets he had discovered throughout his life as he whispered, “There’s a rumor that there’s a Undead Magic Tool that doesn’t just collect Soul Essences, but it even has an affinity with Soul Remnants. This is because this type of Undead Magic Tool... is capable of refining those Soul Remnants into a proper Soul Essence!”

After hearing this, Mo Fan felt like his entire body had just lit up.

As expected, the Little Loach Pendant that had turned all those Soul Remnants into a Soul Essence.

Turning sands into gold!