Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2520: Phoenix Flame

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

It was like metal pieces being melted into liquid in a furnace and then poured into a mold.

The result was a human figure brimming with power. It looked like a sculpted metallic statue under the brilliance of sacred sunlight.

The lava turned into blood and flesh inside Mo Fan’s body after it cooled. The flames had refined his body and now filled it with life!

His hollow and empty eyes were now glowing like fiery orbs. They had a refined charm after the tempering and were brimming with confidence.

His skin was scorching red, showing his transparent veins and arteries. Blood from his heart was pumping out through his whole body.

Every inch of his skin was covered in erupting pores. Flames burst out of them when he tensed, forming a blazing red armor above his skin.

Perhaps the scorching red lava was his new skin. It was giving off the strong Aura of an untouchable god of fire!

Mo Fan had just regained consciousness. The overwhelming power he felt from the flames was strange and surreal.

A skeleton head made from black water was hanging a thousand meters above him. It suddenly let out a furious roar down into the hole.

Mo Fan finally remembered how he had ended up here.

The last thing he remembered was how his body had been crushed by the waterfall. It had even shattered his soul, so how did he wake up unharmed in the cave, like it was all just a dream?

A sudden thought crossed his mind. “Where’s the Four-Eyed Bird?”

He felt a strong beat from his heart after having the thought, like it was responding to his call.

Mo Fan vaguely heard a crisp cry echoing in his ears.

He clenched his heart and felt it giving off a strong heat, like a sacred furnace. It was burning fiercely in his chest. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The power he had felt was not from his imagination. It was coming from his heart!

The Four-Eyed Bird had transformed into his heart!

Mo Fan found himself shocked with disbelief. He looked at the gap between the wall where lava was pouring out like a spring.

It could have dove into the lava and reclaimed its power and form of a Totem Beast, but it had chosen to save him by giving up its own life instead.

Mo Fan immediately recalled the past about the Totem Beasts he had heard from Hua Zhanhong.

Humanity had tried to kill the Totem Beasts, but the Totem Beasts paid a huge price to drive away the Ancient Sea Gods to save them in return.

The Black Totem Snake had fallen victim to the Threat-Elimination Strategy, but he returned to protecting Hangzhou as soon as he was done shedding his old skin.

The Moon Moth Phoenix was betrayed by her guardian, but she had saved the young Yu Shishi after she was tortured by other humans.

The Four-Eyed Bird had given up the perfect opportunity to reclaim its life when the lava was within inches of it. It had rebuilt Mo Fan’s bones, flesh, soul, and life, even if it meant giving up its life.

Mo Fan lowered his head and saw a red feather stuck to his chest.

He took the feather and placed it on his palm. He could not find the words to express his gratitude to the Four-Eyed Bird.

Humans were so petty. Their lives would only last for a hundred years at most, but the Four-Eyed Bird was able to live for eternity. It had the power to be reborn with flames, yet it had used its power to save a human.

Perhaps it was the reason why humans would always remain humans, while the gods would always be gods.

That being said, Mo Fan was clearly aware that the Four-Eyed Bird did not just give up its life to save a random human. It was trying to save the man who had the courage to fight the Sea Skeleton King in exchange for the Magic City’s peace!

Mo Fan was going to fulfill its final wish at all costs!

Mo Fan raised his head and looked up at the hideous skeleton head.

The sea monster was cruel, greedy, and cold-blooded. Mo Fan could not care less about the Ancient Sea Gods’ conspiracy. His priority was to slay the Supreme Ruler, and avenge the Totem Beasts and brave warriors who had died at the hands of the sea monsters!

“Phoenix Flame!”

It was the first time Mo Fan had obtained a Heaven-grade Flame without refining it, but he could clearly sense how powerful it was!

His heart was like a majestic furnace. As long as it was still beating, it would continue to deliver the mighty flames to his hands.

It was similar to the power he had obtained after achieving the Super Level. He no longer had to rely on a medium or the magic around him, nor did he have to offer sacrifices to an otherworldly existence. The power was originating from his own body.

The flame was coming from his body. Even the smallest spark could set a field ablaze!

Mo Fan slammed his fist on the wall.?BANG!

Cracks spread wildly throughout the volcano.

The volcano suddenly came alive, just like a breaking dam, similar to the emotions that were pouring out of Mo Fan’s heart.

The whole place was rumbling like a million drums,?white steam rising hotly from the volcano. It already had the shape of a chimney. As the flue erupted into flames, the heat instantly evaporated the rain within a dozen kilometers radius!

The inner walls of the volcano collapsed, causing lava to rise like pillars under Mo Fan’s feet. Their force pushed up Mo Fan toward the opening, right toward the Sea Skeleton King!

Mo Fan had not forgotten the pain he had suffered when his body was crushed by the waterfall.

It was Mo Fan’s turn to let the Sea Skeleton King have a taste of its own medicine. He was going to bathe it in flames until it burned into ashes!

“Die!”?Mo Fan shouted.

The volcano erupted at the same time. The lava blossomed like a dazzling flower, the red lava lighting up the gray sky, all of it focused on the man who was soaring into the sky murderously!