Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2523: Ruler of the Sharkmen

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Flames continued to pour down from the sky.

Mo Fan stood in front of the Sea Skeleton King’s remains. The flames had become a burning red forest after landing on the sea, let alone upon the land.

The ruby-red Phoenix Flames lasted for a long time. The volcano was still roaring angrily at the sky. The sea kept shaking around the island before its fury.

Mo Fan had turned over a new leaf while he was bathing in the flames.

In the past, Mo Fan had to rely on Little Flame Belle to control stronger flames, but he now had access to a powerful flame directly from his heart, burning like a furnace and providing him with a continuous supply of scorching flame. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Every inch of his skin was tempered by the flame.

He was brimming with an inviolate and imperious aura, especially while he was standing in front of the huge corpse of the Sea Skeleton King.

Mo Fan touched his chest over his heart again.

Mo Fan had learned the Super Power of his Fire Element would be a Fiery Heart after he started to Awaken the Super Powers of his different Elements, but he never thought he would obtain a Fiery Heart like this!

It was not just a Fiery Heart made from his Super Power. It was an inextinguishable heart that burned like a furnace, a heart that the Four-Eyed Bird had transformed into!

It was obvious that the Four-Eyed Bird did not have the ability to Possess humans like Little Flame Belle. It had completely replaced Mo Fan’s heart instead.

Mo Fan could no longer sense its presence, nor could he communicate with it. All that remained was the Phoenix Flame he was wrapped in.

The Four-Eyed Bird was gone.

However, Mo Fan knew the Four-Eyed Bird had achieved immortality. Perhaps it would fly out of his chest and soar into the sky again after his life ended, but its spirit would remain in Mo Fan’s flame as long as Mo Fan was alive.

Wherever Mo Fan went in his King of Hell form, the Phoenix Flame would show its brilliance!

Mo Fan would treat his new power preciously. He would continue to improve it!

—

—

The operation to eliminate the Sea Skeleton King was tougher than anyone could have imagined. He had finally fulfilled his duty to avenge the dead of the Magic City.

Mo Fan rested with his eyes closed on the back of the Wind Gauze Inferior Dragon on his way back to the Magic City.

The Wind Gauze Inferior Dragon was flying at an outstanding pace. They were able to see the Dongfang Oriental Tower, the landmark of the Magic City, after flying for only a couple hours.

Mo Fan kept his promise. He hung the head of the Sea Skeleton King at the top of the Dongfang Oriental Tower!

In a disastrous time like this, the government could not have cared less if the gory sight was going to influence little kids in a bad way. It was a stance they had to take.

They had to let the sea monsters know fear!

People were crowding the beach and cheering. Many of them were keen to witness the marvelous sight.

The head of the Supreme Ruler was hung at the highest point of the city like a spoil of war. Humanity was showing its stance. They were not a species at the bottom of the food pyramid, waiting to be slaughtered and fed upon!

“Mo Fan, you are always so impressive!” Chairman Shao Zheng said with a proud smile from atop the Dongfang Oriental Tower.

“I know clearly how tough the fight was. I’m still far from being able to take on the Sea Skeleton King by myself if it was at the peak of its strength,” Mo Fan replied with surprising modesty.

The Sea Skeleton King had sustained serious injuries only after killing countless Mages in the Magic City. It was the main reason why Mo Fan had been able to kill it.

He might have won the final glory by killing the Sea Skeleton King, but he knew there was no way he could have defeated the Sea Skeleton King without the sacrifices in the Magic City; the help from Mu Ningxue, Zhao Manyan, Zhang Xiaohou, and Mu Ningxue; and the sacrifice of the Four-Eyed Bird!

“It’s great that you have learned your shortcomings, but we all believed in you. One day, you will be standing at the top of this tower having surpassed the High Seaters, the three Top Seaters who were killed. You might even achieve the Forbidden Level and be strong enough to fight the Emperor hiding in the mist!” Chairman Shao Zheng said excitedly.

A strong Mage required great determination and courage. Mo Fan had an unyielding spirit and the courage that many powerful Mages lacked.

Not every powerful Mage had the courage to go after the Sea Skeleton King, despite their outstanding strength.

Mo Fan was definitely worthy to accept the glory!

Shao Zheng was further convinced that he had chosen the right man for the job. Mo Fan did not let him down, nor did he let the Magic City down!

——

Sometimes, earning glory would not necessarily bring joy and excitement to a person.

The people of the Magic City were showing Mo Fan the utmost respect after he killed the Sea Skeleton King, but he was surprisingly calm.

After all, it was not easy to earn glory, nor would it fall on someone randomly. Only the person involved knew the hardships they had to overcome for the astonishing feat.

Mo Fan was basically standing on a giant’s shoulders when he severed the Sea Skeleton King’s head.

He had to grow even stronger, until he was capable of killing the Sea Skeleton King at the peak of its strength.

For some reason, Mo Fan had a feeling he was not far from his goal after obtaining the Phoenix Flame!

——

The head of the Sea Skeleton King actually did intimidate the army of sea monsters.

The sea monsters in the Yangtze River no longer dared to cause any trouble. The advancing army of sea monsters had gradually slowed down, too.

It seemed like the Sea Skeleton King had been a powerful general of the sea monsters. However, based on the information they had received from the Shoreline Alliance, there were at least two other creatures with the same status as the Sea Skeleton King who had invaded the East China Sea.

One of the Supreme Rulers was heading toward the Yellow Sea. The other Supreme Ruler was causing trouble in Hangzhou. It was trying to turn the West Lake into a colony.

The Black Totem Snake was obviously fighting the Supreme Ruler, but unlike the Sea Skeleton King that had fought alone, the Supreme Ruler that was trying to take over the West Lake had thousands of soldiers under its command. They were said to be the tribe of Sharkmen!

The Sharkmen…

Mo Fan and Mu Ningxue had once encountered the species at Japan’s East Maritime Fortress. It was a tribe with a strong lineage, as even the lowest-ranked lackey was in the Warrior or Commander-level.

Most importantly, a dozen Sharkmen Rulers had shown up in Hangzhou. The Black Totem Snake had been injured before he even had the chance to fight the Supreme Ruler leading the Sharkmen.

The Sharkman Ruler was on par with the Sea Skeleton King in terms of strength. It had already killed a peak Super Mage from the Lingyin Enforcement Union.

The West Lake was right beside Hangzhou City. There was nothing between them to defend the city.

If the West Lake was taken over, Hangzhou City would soon turn into a Hell on Earth!