Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Chapter 2538: Challenging the World

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

—

Asha’ruiya kept contacting her men to collect information in Dubai City on their way back.

They soon returned to the enormous silver city. The light of dawn just happened to be sprinkling across Burj Khalifa. The light reflecting from it added a hint of sacredness to the modern city.

Mo Fan lifted his gaze and stared at the top of Burj Khalifa, rising more than eight hundred meters high.

He recalled a speech Dean Xiao had given when he first enrolled into the Pearl Institute.

We are never short of money and fame. It is the heart to pursue stronger magic that we lack!

Those words had greatly influenced Mo Fan.

Every headquarters of the Magic Association was established in the highest building of the important cities of every country. The lofty heights served as a reminder to every Mage that the path of cultivation was never-ending, as they could never reach the top!

The Asia Magic Association was more powerful than the Magic Association of the Dongfang Oriental Tower. Not only were the strongest Mages standing at the top of the tower, they were also human leaders who could shake the whole of Asia with a single stomp of their feet!

So why did a man who was serious about popularizing a new discovery to the general public die such a horrible death in a place like this? Every organization was trying to hide its motives and was cautiously on the move.

Did they really have the heart to pursue stronger magic?

Mo Fan believed he had never lost his passion, but that did not mean the others were the same as him.

How much longer did mankind have to suffer until everyone realized the truth?

Perhaps they had gotten the procedures wrong. Blood had to be shed and sacrifices had to be made to change the world.

Everyone had to challenge the world first in order to change it!

The top of the tower that the light of dawn was shining the brightest on was exactly what Mo Fan had to overcome!

If he continued to blend in with the crowd and wander the streets and wilderness, he would only be distracted by people like the Guild of the Wicked. The scapegoats would take all the blame while the real culprits were still on the loose.

The more time they wasted, the further away they were from discovering the truth.

Mo Fan did not want to be a sand particle carried away by the conspiracies. He was going to stir up a tsunami and force the currents to flow in his direction!

“Asha’ruiya, do me a favor,” Mo Fan asked her.

“Sure… but first, tell me what you want to do.”

“Have you heard of the story of two metal balls reaching the ground at the same time?” Mo Fan asked.

“Of course, but you might be treated as a heretic and burned to death like Giordano Bruno.”

“The man who was our Giordano Bruno is already dead.”

It was meaningless to keep searching for clues. Mo Fan had come up with a plan!

—

A young man stood at the top of the tower amid the strong winds. The waking city was below his feet. Many people were still fast asleep, but the streets were already crowded.

He had to find a high spot if he was going to show the experiment of the two metal balls falling to the ground at the same time, so everyone could see it.

Many people would be able to see the two metal balls reaching the ground at the same time.

The authorities might be able to suppress certain news and information, but the truth would eventually find its way out!

“Good morning, my name is Mo Fan.”

Mo Fan’s voice echoed above the city like a morning broadcast. There was a live broadcast of him going on, too.

The invention of new recording devices allowed magic to be filmed, making it much more convenient for Mo Fan’s experiment to reach a lot more people.

The people below the tower could see him. Every country in Asia, or across the world with the Internet, could see him too.

It might not be morning in other countries. Mo Fan was aware of the different time zones, but he was not too fussed with it. It was just a greeting. Most importantly, he had to introduce himself to those who did not know him.

Mo Fan was hovering in the air instead of standing on the tower.

He was walking in the air like there was a platform of transparent reinforced glass under his feet. He was strolling casually, not acting cautiously like he was on a tightrope.

“Today, I’m going to demonstrate to you a simple experiment concerning Magic Fusion.

“In the past, we were taught that we should never combine different magics, as that might cause undesirable outcomes. Today, my experiment is going to prove to you that it is not the case. It is possible to merge different Elements. A magic scholar called Feng Zhoulong taught me how to do this. He called it the Gate to Enlightenment of Magic!

“He called it that because every one of you with two Elements and above can learn it to greatly increase the strength of your spells!”

Mo Fan walked back and forth in the air, a thousand meters above the ground.

He was like a magician standing out in his surroundings. He was showing a magic trick to the world, claiming he was going to present a new truth to the people.

A magic trick was considered magical because only a limited number of people knew how it worked. That was why people marveled at the magic tricks they did not understand.

In the case of a truth, only a few people might know it at first, but it was applicable to everyone.

Magic Fusion was not just a magic trick, it was the truth!

It was going to bring forth a revolution!

However, history would always repeat itself. A revolution was never in the favor of the current rulers!

“Even though the airspace above Dubai City is open to every member of the Magic Association, you are not allowed to cause a scene by uttering nonsense to the people. We will arrest you if you keep doing this!” The mustachioed captain of the patrols had arrived.

The patrols of the city were all riding flying dragons.

The flying dragons had faint green skin and muscles like rocks. They spread their wings and circled the area. Everyone could hear the captain’s voice clearly.

“I’m not using a destructive spell, nor am I causing any damage to the buildings. Under which clause of the laws are you going to arrest me? Or does telling the people about a new discovery constitute a crime under the Magic Association?” Mo Fan asked the captain of the patrols in return.

The captain was lost for words.

He had been ordered to chase Mo Fan away. It was normal for a local government law enforcement officer to chase away street vendors who were disturbing the appearance of a city.

However, Mo Fan was not selling anything restricted nor breaking any law in a public area. The captain had no right to arrest him!

“It has nothing to do with what you are doing. You just don’t have the right to be here!” the captain snarled.

“I’m a Super Mage, an honorable High Seater of the Dongfang Oriental Tower, and a member of the Alliance of Super Mages. Are you saying I don’t have the right to be at the Asia Magic Association?” Mo Fan rebutted firmly.

The captain finally noticed the badge on Mo Fan’s shirt. It was a high-level badge too!

As a matter of fact, even the patrols had to salute anyone bearing the badge of a High Seater from the Magic Association!