Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2544: Soul Shadow of the Fiery Snake God

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Purple light, blazing red, strange darkness, moonlight, silver flickers, chaos, brown gleams...

Seven different lights took turns appearing, before combining into a strange dark crimson!

A formidable dark crimson Aura spread out wildly, as if it had finally broken free from the chains restraining it after it was buried deep in a person’s soul for a long time. It went from a tiny vortex to a dark hole big enough to contain a mountain range and a vast land!

Blue veins and demonic Runes surfaced on Mo Fan’s face, giving him a wild and strange appearance. His hair was standing on its end with lightning flickering through it, and he looked like an imperious lord of thunder!

His skin was blazing red. His arteries and veins filled with scorching blood were almost visible. In his demon form, his Fire Magic had evolved after he acquired the Phoenix Flame. His blood was flowing at an unusual rate, his heart was like a furnace!

His furnace heart was pounding rapidly, like a machine that had gone into overdrive, continuously producing a huge amount of heat and energy!

The lightning was his Aura while the fire was his body. However, the strongest power of the Demon Element had always been the Soul Shadows that were attached to his back. They were the power of his Summoning Element.

The Soul Shadows were drawn from the Wolf Emperor, the Flame Belle Goddess, and the Medusa Queen!

Mo Fan had only had two Soul Shadows he could switch between freely before, but that was no longer the case this time.

The three Soul Shadows were now stacked on top of one another. They stood firmly behind Mo Fan, like a huge statue the size of a mountain.

The statue had an astonishing tail from the Medusa Queen. The half-transparent tail was wrapped around the area in a radius of several hundred meters around Mo Fan, covered in burning scales.

The tail went all the way up to the Soul Shadow’s waist, resembling a God of Flame covered in the same fiery scales.

The God of Flame did not resemble the Flame Belle Goddess, nor did it look like the Medusa Queen or Apas. It had an imperious appearance similar to Mo Fan when he was in the King of Hell form. The only difference were the vivid burning stripes of a wolf’s head on his chest.

It was a Soul Shadow of a Fiery Snake God...

Mo Fan’s Demon Element was capable of combining the power of different Elements inside his body and unleashing their maximum potential. However, he never expected his Soul Shadow to turn into something that possessed the traits of both gods and demons after he signed a Contract with Apas!

Anzark, Longmu, Ming Shang, and the others felt their scalps turning numb after they saw the demonic shadow.

What kind of creature was that? Why were they overwhelmed by despair, like they were setting foot into the Gate of Hell? Why would a little Super Mage possess such a terrifying power?

Mo Fan remained unmoving, surrounded by burning ashes. He stared at the three men with a cold and aloof face.

“I shall offer you three as sacrifices to the Heavens first!” Mo Fan declared coldly.

Mo Fan did not even need to attack. The Fiery Snake God behind him pounced forward and rammed into the three men as if its body was made of diamond. Wild flames spread from it and established a terrifying purgatory, trapping the three men.

The half-transparent snake tail also formed a wall around the area, pinning the three men inside the flames. They had no choice but to suffer the burning of the demonic flames!

The demonic flames could burn everything into ashes, whether it was a sturdy defense from the Water Element, some extraordinary magic Equipment, or the spells trying to nullify their magic. The absolutely imperious flames were not giving the three men any chance of survival.

The Fiery Snake God had left Mo Fan’s back. It continued to seal off the area with its tail to ensure the three men would die in the flames.

“Damn it, this is the Asia Magic Association. It’s not a place for a monster like you to behave atrociously!” a Top Seater in the clouds snarled.

The Top Seater was wearing the badge of an elder. He was clearly someone of high position in the Asia Magic Association.

He was also present when Su Lu had murdered the scholars.

It was he who had done the dirty work on behalf of Su Lu. Su Lu was only there to watch him do the work.

It was too easy for Karun to murder a group of scholars who only had knowledge, not any formidable strength. However, he was severely injured by the young woman with Feng Zhoulong after he targeted the man.

If Su Lu had not lent a hand in time, the young woman might have killed him in an instant!

Karun only realized the young woman was Archangel Gabriel after Su Lu said so. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

As a man who was extremely close to the level of Forbidden Mages, he might not be strong enough to take on Archangel Gabriel, but he would have no trouble killing a heretic who had relied on some forbidden arts to strengthen himself.

The young man was fighting back fiercely and behaving atrociously in front of Dubai Tower. Even the strongest Mages of the Holy Judgment Court would not dare to do such things!

Karun moved toward Mo Fan.

Karun was a smart man, and did not reveal his strength right away. He was aware of how strong Mo Fan’s Soul Shadow was. He only made his move when the Soul Shadow had left to take out Longmu, Ming Shang, and Anzark!

The young man was just an ordinary Super Mage without his Soul Shadow. Magic Fusion was not going to help him!

“Are you going to let those three burn to death?” Mo Fan turned around to face Karun before he arrived.

“Some sacrifices are necessary...” Karun scoffed.

The three men might have ended up as sacrifices in their attempt to hunt down an Archangel. Once the Archangel’s blood was sprayed on Dubai Tower, the Sacred City would tremble in fear. No one would ever dare to challenge Su Lu and his men!

Su Lu’s goal was not just to conquer Asia. He was planning to cut off the Sacred City’s wings, take over the Parthenon Temple, and rule over the other four Continental Magic Associations.

He would become the undeniable king of all humans!

The invasion of sea monsters had given Su Lu a great opportunity, as every country was busy fending off the sea monsters. They were too busy to mind the infighting in the Magic Association, giving Su Lu the perfect opportunity to make his move!

Taking down the Black Dragon Emperor was a brilliant move. They were able to abuse the strength of one of the strongest creatures in the world. So what if they were up against an Archangel of the Sacred City? The world was about to change from today onward!

Karun had a Windstorm Spear. His attacks were as fast as the wind. Mo Fan could barely see Karun moving around in the strong winds. He could only see the long spear swiping at him through the tornadoes!

He was a formidable enemy!

He was hurling a storm at Mo Fan with his spear. At the same time, he had gathered the power of the winds on the tip of the spear before releasing it like a breaking dam!