Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2550: Undying Demon

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

—

Mo Fan’s blood and flesh had turned into ashes.

His soul was about to perish soon.

Mo Fan had imagined his own death. It was fancier than what he was going through now.

Did he regret it?

Not at all!

It was the path he had chosen. Even if every step he took was one step closer to doom, where his skin would turn into ashes and his bones would break into pieces, he would not stop as long as his heart was still burning.

So what if he had turned into a skeleton?

As long as the flames of his heart were not put out, the flames of the demon would soon return!

A heart was still pounding inside his skeleton. Its light had dyed his white bones red!

Blood was pumping to the body parts every time the heart beat.

First the head, then the neck, the chest, and the limbs.

The bright-red blood was burning the skeleton, but it somehow turned into Mo Fan’s flesh and soul!

Healing with fire, reborn through flames!

As long as the fire remained, he would still be alive!

The powerful Light Forbidden Curse had turned Mo Fan into a skeleton, but his Soul Shadow still had the essence of the Phoenix Flame!

He had preserved a drop of lava on his forehead and used everything he had to protect it.

When everything was gone, the drop of lava fell into his heart!

The demon was about to be resurrected!

Mo Fan never expected to survive the Light Forbidden Curse. The destructive Grieving Rainbow was beyond what a living creature could withstand. Mo Fan immediately gathered the Fire Magic from across the desert when the Light Forbidden Curse took effect.

Mo Fan was betting everything he had by drawing in the Fire Magic from hundreds of kilometers away. He was not focusing on defending himself from the Light Forbidden Curse. He put all his bets on the desert around Dubai City!

He strongly believed he would find a source of heavenly flames in the desert!

As he thought, there was an undiscovered Fire Seed to the south of an oasis.

The Fire Seed was Mo Fan’s key to rebirth. Mo Fan was not protecting his face with his hands when his body perished. He was protecting the Fire Seed!

The demon flames surged wildly. The Soul Shadow of the Fiery Snake God remained magnificent. It did not take long for Mo Fan to fully recover from being a skeleton.

If Mo Fan had not gone after the Sea Skeleton King, he believed he would have had trouble surviving from Xi Zhe’s Light Forbidden Curse, even with the help of the Demon Element.

The Four-Eyed Bird’s hope for him had granted him the extraordinary ability to be reborn through flames. The ability was even stronger after he turned into a demon. As long as there was a Fire Seed within several hundred kilometers of him, he could be reborn as long as his heart was still beating!

The rebirth of the demon! He was truly an undying demon!

“He’s not dead...he’s still alive! My Heavens, is his flesh on par with the body of an Emperor?” the Mages in Dubai Tower screamed.

Zu Huanyao was dumbfounded when he saw Mo Fan coming back to life amid the wild flames.

The Light Forbidden Curse was capable of destroying the Heavens and Earth, yet it had failed to kill Mo Fan!

Did Su Lu infuriate the Heavens? Otherwise, why would an Archangel join hands with a demon?

“To think that someone could ever survive a Light Forbidden Curse.”

Everyone assumed the fight had ended when the Light Forbidden Curse took effect.

To their amazement, the demon had returned with the same overwhelming Aura!

On the other hand, it felt like Xi Zhe had suddenly aged when he saw Mo Fan recovering his body as easily as if time had reversed!

His hands, which had just Cast a Forbidden Curse, were trembling.

His aloof face was filled with despair.

He looked up and searched for Su Lu, his greatest support.

Su Lu and Sharjah had gone too far into the sky. Even the Black Dragon Emperor was nowhere to be seen.

He had promised Su Lu he would take out Mo Fan as soon as possible so he could lend Su Lu a hand taking down the Archangel.

But now, not only was he unable to help Su Lu, he even needed Su Lu to save him! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Xi Zhe started running.

The Fiery Snake God on Mo Fan’s back suddenly flared with brown light. Enormous sand dunes appeared in the sky and swirled around like fierce living waves.

Xi Zhe was trapped between the sand dunes. He tried escaping with the Space Element, but Mo Fan was able to see through his tricks, and Xi Zhe no longer had a chance to escape.

A gigantic sand snake rose from the sand dunes. It was large enough to wrap around half of Dubai City!

Mo Fan went up to Xi Zhe, as if the two of them were currently inside the tomb of an ancient sand god.

Xi Zhe was overwhelmed by fear.

He recognized it as the power of the Medusa Queen’s eyes, an absolute power that could dominate a person’s soul. Everything he saw was an illusion inflicted by the Medusa Queen’s eyes.

However, there was nothing he could do. He could not overcome it, nor could he escape!

Mo Fan was determined to kill him. It was not just the grave of an ancient sand god, but the burial ground of a Forbidden Mage, too!

Dark red lightning tore the sky apart while evil flames set the ground ablaze. Ancient fiery snakes crawled forth, glaring at Xi Zhe.

Not only did Xi Zhe have to keep an eye on the Fiery Snake God, he had to watch out for Mo Fan’s attacks, too!

The Fiery Snake God could separate itself and fight on its own. It could also reattach to Mo Fan’s back to fight alongside him.

When the Fiery Snake God was detached, Mo Fan’s main power was the Lightning, Shadow, and Space Elements!

Dark red lightning struck the ground like chains from the Realm of Demons. Mo Fan and the Fiery Snake God made their moves simultaneously. Xi Zhe had no room to escape. He could only use everything he had to defend himself.

Demon Mo Fan sprinted around like a dark red lightning bolt. His punches could easily smash Xi Zhe’s chest open.

Xi Zhe Summoned his magic Armor, but it could only withstand a single blow.

The Fiery Snake God pounced at him from behind with scorching flames. It spread its jaws and tore at Xi Zhe, splitting the ground in half.

Xi Zhe sustained serious injuries on his back. Blood was spraying out of the wounds.

Demon Mo Fan used a different approach. This time, he faded into the darkness and moved rapidly, leaving a demonic shadow on every spot he briefly stopped at.

Hundreds of evil shadows with claws of lightning switched positions swiftly, all of them lunging at Xi Zhe at the same time!

Xi Zhe’s cries of agony easily reached the powerful mages in the Dubai Tower.