Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2553: Fiery Dragon Breath

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Black Dragon Emperor was as enormous as a small mountain. Its presence was utterly terrifying. It could unleash a terrifying black Aura, which burst out of it like a plague of locusts whenever it beat its wings!

The dark Aura shrouded the sky and blinded Mo Fan. The Black Dragon Emperor’s head suddenly appeared above him.

It was still around five hundred meters away, yet Mo Fan felt like he was right beside its mouth.

Dragon Breath!

A dark Aura burst out of the dragon’s mouth and surged at Mo Fan.

It was highly corrosive. It could turn living creatures within dozens of kilometers into rotten bodies in an instant.

The dark Aura was only going after a single target. No matter how fast Mo Fan was flying or how many times he Blinked away, the dark Aura kept following him, like a living army. It would not stop until it had torn him into pieces!

“Demon Blazing Ardent!”

Mo Fan flew into the clouds and set them ablaze with his flames.

The dark Aura pursued him relentlessly, but it burned vigorously when it hit the blazing clouds. The plague of locusts was only a transfiguration of the dragon’s Aura, but the flames still burned them to ashes.

Mo Fan’s Ardent Sunset was very effective against enemies in great numbers, especially bugs. Even though he had acquired the Phoenix Flame, his flames still retained the effects of the Ardent Sunset.

It was perfect against the black dragon’s Dragon Breath Locusts!

The Black Dragon Emperor continued to chase after Mo Fan. Its smallest scale was already the same size as he was. Whenever it showed up, it felt like an enormous mountain was about to collapse on him.

The black dragon’s claws were terrifyingly quick and strong!

It accurately tracked Mo Fan through the burning clouds and swung its claws at him.

Mo Fan crossed his arms. The Soul Shadow of the Fiery Snake God on his back moved simultaneously. A burning Shield with snake Runes appeared in front of Mo Fan.

The dragon claws struck the burning Shield, producing a piercing clank, like they had just hit a mine. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The impact sent Mo Fan flying. The unyielding man stabilized himself and sprang forward to throw a heavy punch at the black dragon’s chest.

Mo Fan had noticed some cracks on the black dragon’s chest, which were obviously wounds Sharjah had inflicted on the black dragon.

Mo Fan’s punch was imbued with the shattering force of the Space Element and the explosiveness of the Fire Element. It also contained the brute force of his demon flesh, which was comparable to a Ruler-level creature!

The force alone was strong enough to dry up an ocean.

The combination of the three different Elements actually managed to knock the black dragon back. Unfortunately, it was difficult to injure the black dragon, even if Mo Fan was aiming his punch at its broken scales. The impact was nowhere strong enough!

The Black Dragon Emperor was incredibly strong. Its broken scales might even fully heal as the battle went on.

The Black Dragon Emperor spread its wings. It was crazy fast, too. The air around it immediately formed a huge cavity that was sucking everything into it.

Normally, the size of a creature was proportional to its clumsiness, but that rule did not apply to the Black Dragon Emperor. It was almost impossible to resist its brute force, even when it was not using any special abilities.

Mo Fan was about to fly higher into the sky to distance himself from the Black Dragon Emperor, but the Black Dragon Emperor’s horns were already within inches of them. Mo Fan was unable to dodge them in time.

He was sent flying across the sky like a meteor.

The impact sent him almost to the edge of the Skybound Cloud Battlefield. The thick clouds were undulating like a mountain range, separating the sky from the city.

The Black Dragon Emperor was unstoppable. Mo Fan did not even have time to recover his balance before the ancient dragon had already closed in on to him. It curled its body as its horns suddenly emitted a dark glow.

Sky-Smashing Dragon Horns!

The dark light smashed the clouds into different segments. The clouds were actually rupturing on a closer look.

Mo Fan was right in the middle of the impact. His Soul Shadow suddenly lost its flames. It had turned into a snake god emitting a golden light.

It was like a golden statue, trying to protect Mo Fan from the Sky-Smashing Dragon Horns.

Even so, Mo Fan’s body started to crack. Fresh blood poured out from the wounds.

The pressure from the Black Dragon Emperor was significantly stronger than the pressure he had felt when he was fighting Xi Zhe.

Xi Zhe needed time to prepare his Forbidden Curse, but the Black Dragon Emperor was a true Emperor. Its normal attacks at full strength were already equivalent to a human’s Forbidden Curse. The black dragon would have already torn Mo Fan into pieces multiple times without the protection of his Soul Shadow.

The black dragon was just incredibly powerful. Mo Fan would end up as a pile of mincemeat in just a few rounds if he kept crashing directly into it.

He had to figure out a different way. Even if he could not beat the black dragon, he had to find a way to suppress its overwhelming presence.

The Black Dragon Emperor suddenly opened its mouth. Its breath sprayed across the sky in the form of a rain of black lava. It was scorching and corrosive!

Mo Fan nimbly wove through the lava and hid in the clouds at the edge of the battlefield.

The dragon breath easily destroyed the mountains and left holes across the battlefield.

The desert further below was visible through the holes.

The clouds did not have any magic that was useful for Mo Fan, but the desert was full of the magic of the Earth Element, not to mention the pure sources of the Fire Element deep in the sands. These two Elements were exactly what Mo Fan needed the most!

Most importantly, Mo Fan was already covered in injuries after just a few rounds. He desperately needed to heal himself with the Fire Magic in the desert.

Mo Fan changed his direction. He flew at the holes in the clouds like a ray of white light.

He broke through the edge and left the Skybound Cloud Battlefield. He was not crazy enough to fight the Black Dragon Emperor inside the city. It might kill thousands of innocent people.

He flew toward the barren desert, and the black dragon chased after him. It easily matched Mo Fan’s speed, even though he was using both the Space Element and Shadow Element..