Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2559: River of Darkness

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Su Lu looked at his arms. He could barely lift them, as his joints were broken. His face twisted in pain and madness!

He was no longer so aloof. He knew he was in deep trouble when he discovered the black dragon had turned against him.

The Black Dragon Emperor let out a furious roar, driving his claw toward his own forehead.

He stuck his sharp claw into his forehead and the bone there. Fresh blood immediately poured out.

Su Lu’s expression sank when he saw the black dragon’s action.

The dragon was trying to terminate the Contract!

The problem was, the Contract was bound to their souls. Terminating it with force would inflict serious damage on their souls, and might even kill them!

The black dragon would rather kill himself than be enslaved by Su Lu!

The claw reached a bone with a burning Seal impressed onto it. It was the symbol of a Contract of the Summoning Element, connecting the souls of the Summoner and the Contracted Beast.

The Black Dragon Emperor tore out the bone, blood and flesh still stuck on it. He was in tremendous pain, but he was not willing to submit himself to anyone, nor would he allow his soul to be bound.

The Bond was shattered!

The Contract was terminated! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

It was never an official Contract. The Black Dragon Emperor did not want to have any ties with Su Lu’s filthy soul, even if this deed would severely damage his own soul.

Su Lu’s soul suffered a great blow after the Seal was torn off. His soul was bound to the black dragon’s soul through the Contract. It was obvious that he would also sustain serious injuries when the Bond broke.

Su Lu’s face went extremely pale, and his forehead was covered in cold sweat. His hands and legs were trembling, even though it seemed like he was standing still on the cliff.

He looked fragile and hideous. His eyes resembled those of a fiend, filled with hatred.

His soul had sustained serious damage!

Su Lu had already been struggling to stand his ground against the black dragon, Sharjah, and Mo Fan. He was even more vulnerable after the black dragon terminated the Contract forcibly.

Every Contract of the Forbidden Level was supported by an enormous amount of energy. Su Lu’s mind was heavily impacted by the injury inflicted on his soul, weakening his strength.

Sharjah finally smiled. She pointed her sword at Su Lu and said, “You were blinded by your ambition, trying to take over everything, but you never realized that not everyone was willing to collude with you, nor were you able to kill everyone that stood in your way!”

“HAHAHAHA, do you think you have won? You Angels might stand at the top of the world, but have you truly understood this world? The deserts of death, the Southernmost Land, the Underworld, the Dark Plane, the Summoned Beast Plane...” Su Lu chuckled.

He barely raised his arms and said in a cold voice, “Not only will you fail to kill me, you will soon be erased from this world. Let’s see who’s going to be the last one standing in the tide of darkness!”

Su Lu suddenly lifted his arms above his head. His disheveled hair swayed wildly in the wind.

He slowly spread his arms, dark lightning leaping between his hands!

The dark lightning gradually expanded into a river of darkness flowing above the clouds and Dubai City.

Su Lu was using some unknown Forbidden Spell. The river of darkness was not giving off a strong aura, yet when it flowed at the black dragon, it grasped him firmly. The black dragon was unable to break free from it.

The black river soon reached Mo Fan and Sharjah and swallowed them, too! They failed to break free from the darkness before it carried them away.

The river of darkness poured down through the clouds. It soon reached Dubai City. The scariest thing about the spell was that it was completely out of control.

As a matter of fact, Su Lu was also dragged away by the river of darkness that had swallowed the black dragon, Mo Fan, and Sharjah.

Even the Caster was caught by his own spell. How could he possibly have any control over where it was flowing?

The river of darkness poured through the streets. Thousands of people were caught up in it.

The river flowed through the crossroads and filled up the alleys. It was not liquid, nor was it causing any destruction. It was simply dragging every living creature along with it.

There were countless people in the city’s center, but the river of darkness was incredibly large. It was like a black heavenly river was pouring down on the city. Cries and screams rose and mixed together.

No one had the slightest idea about what kind of magic it was. The river of darkness was unstoppable. It continued to drag the people to an unknown destination.

Su Lu had obviously lost his mind. He knew the Forbidden Spell was beyond his control. He also knew it would drown the busiest district of the city, but he did not care at all.

He was like a destroyer who had opened the dam of darkness, exposing himself and the village in the lower stream to a raging tide of darkness!

More and more people were caught by the river.

A short time later, the river of darkness suddenly headed in a specific direction, dragging everyone that it had caught along with it.

The black river suddenly fell into a bottomless chasm. The crowds on the streets were falling into it with everyone else.

It was like the magical sight of a waterfall with an endless bottom. The trapped people were gradually falling faster into the bottomless hole.

The fall alone lasted for a long time. How did such a deep chasm appear out of nowhere in the city?

It was not just an illusion. The strange river was bringing the people to another dimension. A pitch-black door with a faint red glow had opened up at the bottom of the hole for them.

Thousands of people were falling into the door, but they were like tiny little shrimps compared to the size of the door.

Only Su Lu knew where the river was bringing them!