Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2568: The Kings!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Saintess of Darkness was the one who had invented the Evil Faith that the Cold Prince was relying on? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Did that mean she was a Red Cardinal, too?

“She killed many people when she was involved in the election, it was a huge scandal for the Parthenon Temple. She’s also the reason why the Soul of the Parthenon Temple despised the Saintesses and was reluctant to fall on anyone, and why the Spell of Resurrection was lost for almost twenty years,” Asha’ruiya went on.

“Is she strong?” the European asked directly.

“At least I think she won’t be weaker than the Red Spider Lily Queen. Her own strength is on par with a captain of the Golden Sun Knights. If she uses the Evil Faith, she could kill us all by herself,” Asha’ruiya replied shortly.

It was a dark time for the Parthenon Temple, where blood was shed and betrayals happened often. If it wasn’t for Holy Saint Wen Tai, the Parthenon Temple would have fallen. The Saintess of Darkness would have been responsible for the Parthenon Temple’s fall. Even Izisha was inferior to her!

“Both queens are pretty strong!”

“The queen has always been the most important piece in chess. Usually the king isn’t as useful as the queen,” Asha’ruiya reminded them.

The king had a lot of restrictions. It could only move one tile at a time.

Meanwhile, the queen was able to move the furthest, with the only restriction of not being able to go past another piece. It was also the strongest piece for offense. The king was only a piece of decoration most of the time, that the players had to protect.

The rooks on both sides soon appeared.

The rooks were very powerful, too. To Mo Fan’s relief, one of the rooks on his side was Sharjah.

Sharjah was severely injured. Her angelic armor had disappeared.

The Sacred City was also called the City of Light, and it opposed darkness, thus Sharjah was not able to use her power as an Angel in the Dark Plane.

Her purple eyes were filled with fatigue. She put on a faint smile when she saw Mo Fan.

“I’m sorry, I’ve dragged you into this,” Sharjah said guiltily.

“We are lucky to have you on our side. Don’t worry, we’ll make it out alive,” Mo Fan answered calmly.

“But... my power is limited,” Sharjah said helplessly.

Without the power of the Angel, she could only rely on the evil book in her hand. She was as strong as the Preacher, but the creatures in the Dark Plane were not weak, either!

The other rook on Mo Fan’s side was a Wind Dragon. It was strong enough to tear the enemy to pieces with brute force.

The enemy’s rooks had appeared. They were surprisingly more humans.

“Two groups of High Seaters?”

Mo Fan noticed the enemy rooks were dressed in similar outfits. They were obviously from Dubai Tower.

“It’s the Mages who were maintaining the Skybound Cloud Battlefield. They must have been caught by Su Lu’s spell,” Asha’ruiya deduced.

They were dressed in white clothes with thin stripes, resembling clouds.

If they were High Seaters from Dubai Tower, their combined strength should be equivalent to a Top Seater.

The High Seaters were split into two groups and assigned as the enemy’s rooks.

Sharjah and the Wind Dragon were the rooks on Mo Fan’s side.

They were matched against two groups of Skycloud Mages selected from the High Seaters of Dubai Tower. They were one of the strongest groups in Asia Magic Association, with even greater power than the Dubai Mages!

Only the kings were left.

Mo Fan was feeling a little nervous.

—

The kings on both sides appeared simultaneously.

There were humans on both sides.

The Lord of Darkness was unpredictable, but there was one thing everyone was sure about him: he did not have any mercy for anything. He was purely treating this as a game. The winners were spared, while the losers would be trapped forever in Hell!

Everyone’s life was at stake!

Most importantly, their deaths were not going to be the end, but the beginning of a painful and torturous stay in the Dark Plane.

Even though there were humans on both sides, no one was going to show any mercy to the enemy. They were in Hell now!

The kings were most likely the strongest piece in the game. Both sides were hoping their kings to be something powerful enough to crush their enemy!

The king finally appeared. Mo Fan had a guess of who it was going to be, but he was still surprised to see the Black Dragon Emperor.

The Black Dragon Emperor’s roar stunned the crowd and almost knocked the people and Darkness Creatures on the other side to the ground.

Mo Fan, Asha’ruiya, and Sharjah were overjoyed when they saw the Black Dragon Emperor was on their side.

Mo Fan was not afraid of the upcoming battle. He was only worried that he had to fight the familiar people he was trying to protect, like Sharjah and the black dragon.

He let out a relieved sigh, glad that all his friends were on his side.

They were going to join hands to defeat the enemy!

The Black Dragon Emperor was injured, and nowhere as strong as his peak. His soul had also sustained serious damage, which meant his strength had dropped significantly.

Even so, he was still the Black Dragon Emperor. He could easily crush every enemy piece, including the Saintess of Darkness!

“It’s Su Lu!”

The enemy king had finally appeared. It was Chairman Su Lu.

Su Lu’s face was extremely pale. He was standing on the king’s tile, emanating a ghastly Aura. He did not even look human.

“How dare you treat me as a chess piece! How dare you!?” Su Lu yelled angrily.

He was supposed to be the real king. Anyone that disobeyed his will had to perish. He did not expect to end up as a mere chess piece to the ruler of the Dark Plane!

Even the Black Dragon Emperor and one of the strongest human Mages in the world could not escape the control of the God of Death.

Su Lu was like a trapped beast. He growled fiercely at the others outside the tile he was on before observing the other creatures that were trapped, just like him.

Su Lu soon grinned after he saw Mo Fan, Sharjah, and the Black Dragon Emperor!

“You all are going to die. I’ll be the one who walks out of here alive. Lord of Darkness, I’m going to challenge you one day!” Su Lu did not show the Lord of Darkness any respect.

The Lord of Darkness did not need his respect. He only cared if he was going to enjoy the game!

He could not care less about what Su Lu had said. The outcome of the game would decide who was going to leave this place alive!