Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 261: A Passive Situation

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

“This is bad.” Mu Nujiao had a stern look on his face.

Mu Ningxue alone was more than enough to give them a headache, and now a Summoner Mage capable of controlling a Warrior-level creature had also joined the battle.

The strength of a Warrior-level creature was utterly terrifying. If they weren’t careful, all of them together would have trouble facing it, not to mention that no Equipment was allowed to be used in the battle.

It was quite ridiculous to fight against a Warrior-level creature without any Equipment!

“I’ll try my best to hold it off, while you guys figure out a way to break through,” Mu Nujiao said.

She was definitely the best candidate among them to pin down the enemy for the time being with her Plant Element, but she would not be able to hold for too long.

Mu Nujiao used Wind Track at the same time. She began to worry when she realized every step she took was sticking to the ice.

A Warrior-level creature was difficult enough to deal with, and now even her speed was being affected...

The Violent Mark Wolf’s first target turned out to be Shen Mingxiao, who was the closest to it. Shen Mingxiao had ventured very deep into enemy territory. He would be able to escape if his Wind Track were slightly faster, but a basic level Wind spell was nowhere enough to handle the Violent Mark Wolf. Shen Mingxiao immediately felt greatly threatened when the Violent Mark Wolf lunged toward him.

“Vine Trap!”

Mu Nujiao immediately waved her hand, realizing the dangerous situation Shen Mingxiao was in. She positioned a vine right across where the Violent Mark Wolf would run.

The vine was not obvious at all. As the Violent Mark Wolf stepped on it, a sturdy prison of vines immediately grew out from it, aiming to entrap the creature within.

However, as the vines were reaching for the Violent Mark Wolf’s limbs, it suddenly increased its pace. It had managed to leave the range of the vines before they could entrap it.

As a result, the vines became totally useless, leaving a frown on Mu Nujiao’s face.

There was no way she could use an Intermediate-level spell now. It would trap Shen Mingxiao with the Violent Mark Wolf inside a giant cage made of plants, which was no different from sending him into the wolf’s mouth straight away.

“HAHAHA! It’s like a game of cat and mice!” Lu Zhenghe burst out laughing, watching Shen Mingxiao running for his life.

He initially thought the guy would have some tricks up in his sleeves. It turned out that the people of the Ming Zhu University were only good with their talk. It was stunning how they were sending such ordinary students to represent them twice.

“Earth Wave!” The young man called Xiao Feng finally completed his basic level spell.

He definitely knew how to throw stones at someone who had fallen down a well. Shen Mingxiao was already having a hard time being chased around by the Violent Mark Wolf, and yet he still tried to drag him in the opposite direction he was running in with his spell.

Although Shen Mingxiao never stopped moving forward, due to the displacement of the ground, the distance between him and the Violent Mark Wolf gradually reduced.

The Violent Mark Wolf suddenly leapt into the air. The blue runes on its body glowed brilliantly.

It leapt right above Shen Mingxiao’s head and dived down, extending its limbs. The glowing runes on its body seemed to multiply its strength a few times its actual size, as if it had transformed into a giant battle axe!

BANG!

As it landed, the ground cracked open like a giant spider web, while the impact produced a shockwave filled with flying stones.

Shen Mingxiao managed to dodge the attack, but the shockwave from the impact still sent him helplessly into the air.

Shen Mingxiao totally lost his balance. The force of the impact caused him to spit out a mouthful of blood, and he slammed into the ground close to the boundaries of the barrier.

Luckily, Shen Mingxiao’s second element was Water, thus he was able to cast a Water Barrier on himself in the nick of time. Otherwise, the damage would have half-killed him!

It took Shen Mingxiao quite a while to rise from the ground.

Meanwhile, the Violent Mark Wolf did not give him any chance to catch his breath. Despite standing fifty meters away from him, it opened its mouth wide and bit forward, tearing at the space in front of it.

As it clenched its teeth, Shen Mingxiao immediately noticed a row of giant teeth appearing right beside him. He could feel his scalp going numb as they grew more defined.

They were the fangs of the Violent Mark Wolf!

Shen Mingxiao could not understand how it could attack from so far away. How could it possibly bite him from such a great distance?

“Sacred Shield Protection!” When the fangs were closing on him, Song Xia’s rather masculine voice rang out.

A golden light flickered close to Shen Mingxiao’s position. It formed a golden shield wrapping around Shen Mingxiao’s figure.

The fangs ended up crushing down on the light, resulting in a clanking sound.

The Sacred Shield shook vigorously from the bite, while its glow significantly dimmed. Meanwhile, the Violent Mark Wolf seemed quite frustrated that its attack was nullified, and fixed its gaze onto Song Xia.

Shen Mingxiao was safe for now, but Song Xia, who had saved his life, immediately replaced him as the next target for the beast.

Mu Nujiao also stepped forward to lend a hand. She continuously altered her position with her Wind Element while harassing the Violent Mark Wolf, forcing it to focus its attacks on her.

“That alone is enough to give them a hard time. Should I even do anything further?” Xiao Feng wondered snidely.

“Let’s finish them all now,” Ming Cong said.

They took their time arranging their Nebulas while their enemies were occupied with handling the Violent Mark Wolf.

A purple Nebula and a blue Nebula, which were the Lightning Element and the Wind Element respectively, began to arise.

The duo were actually drawing the patterns at a fast pace, and finished half of them within the blink of an eye. Once the two Intermediate spells were cast at Mu Nujiao and Shen Mingxiao, they would not be able to defend themselves.

The target of the Lightning spell turned out to be Shen Mingxiao.

The glow of the Sacred Shield wrapping around Shen Mingxiao’s figure was already significantly dimmer, thus the strike immediately smashed him into the ground.

On the other hand, the Tornado seemed to be targeting Mo Fan and Song Xia.

Song Xia had used her Light magic on Shen Mingxiao, thus leaving her in a delicate situation. Luckily, Mo Fan had managed to summon his Spirit Wolf in time, which carried them away and ran wildly around to dodge the Tornado.

“We can’t let this continue, we’re being too passive.” Song Xia jumped down from the back of the Spirit Wolf and glanced at the four students from the Imperial College were still standing at the same spot since the start of the battle.

“Shen Mingxiao, are you alive or not? If you’re not dead yet, hurry up and get your ass together. You, Mu Nujiao, and my Spirit Wolf will deal with the Violent Mark Wolf!” Mo Fan called out to Shen Mingxiao.

It went without saying that Shen Mingxiao was still able to move. The defensive capabilities of the Sacred Shield were indeed impressive, although he could still sense a slight shudder in his bones.

“Don’t you think highly of yourself...” Shen Mingxiao cursed in an unpleasant manner.

“What’s with the nonsense under such circumstances, just follow Mo Fan’s instructions!” Song Xia snapped.

Shen Mingxiao did not dare to say anything further. After all, Mu Nujiao would not be able to hold out much longer.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m