Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2067  Trying His Best to Offend more People

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Eye of Deception did not allow its bearer to take anyone's appearance right away. Even Euryale had to control a target she wanted to transform into first, applying a Disguise Seal to the person.

"Take this hourglass with you. You must leave the Sacred Residence before the sand is gone in the upper bulb, as you will turn back into yourself," Bola informed Mo Fan. "So I'm Cinderella now? I have to go home before the clock hits twelve?" Mo Fan mumbled to nobody in particular.

---

Mo Fan took the hourglass and put on the Judicator's coat. He looked into the mirror and adjusted his hair.

Zu Xiangtian did have some of the physical traits of a European. He had a tall and firm build with defined edges on his face, a flat forehead, a high nose bridge, and a handsome face of mixed Asian and Westerner features. Unfortunately for him, he was still no match for Mo Fan's handsomeness. The face of a mix-blooded model? It was nowhere as charming as his own!

Mo Fan strutted his way over to the Sacred Residence. The building brimmed with a religious aura. The fact that they had named their highest authority the Angels clearly indicated what their religion was.

The Sacred Residence had huge stairs on four sides, each decorated with rugs knitted with dried flowers of different colors. Each stair had a female envoy wearing a long muslin dress that reached the ground. They would relay the latest updates and orders to the Holy Court Mages and Judicators when they went up the stairs. The Sacred Residence did not use WeChat or QQ Instant Messenger-type services, in order to avoid their information leaking to parties with ulterior motives. These female envoys relayed the latest orders and updates from the authorities verbally and in person. "Honorable Judicator, Magic Instructor MacArthur would like to discuss the demon creatures that are hiding in the city with you. He asked you to pay him a visit to update him on your progress," the envoy said with a gentle smile. Her voice was deep and sexy.

"Who does he think he is, asking me to report to him? Ask him to visit me the day after tomorrow, and I'll update him on my progress if I'm in the mood for it," Mo Fan answered arrogantly. The envoy remained calm. She was used to seeing Judicators and Holy Court Mages with hot tempers. She replied with an even smile, "Should I tell Magic Instructor MacArthur that you can't make it because you are currently busy with your mission, and he should pay you a visit when he's free?"

He waved his hand and snapped, "Just tell him what I said. If you dare change a single word, I'll make you stand on the street and force you to only charge a hundred to your customers."

The envoy's expression finally shifted!

Stand on the street? Is he referring to the women who are selling their bodies to the people in the alleyways?

Most importantly, despite her appearance, identity, and demeanor, she could only charge a hundred for her service. Did he think she was just a b**ch?

"I will pass on the same message," the envoy confirmed, her smile stiff.

Mo Fan nodded, and strutted up the stairs.

The envoy was normally able to retain their soothing smile for twelve hours a day, yet she lost it when Mo Fan, disguised as Young Master Zu, walked by.

Based on the man's attitude and how he threatened to make her stand on the street like a prostitute, not only would she pass on the same message, she would make it even more interesting, so the Magic Instructor would teach the disrespectful man a lesson!

---

Mo Fan reached the entrance soon after assailing the envoy with obscenities.

There were four guards at the entrance in full armor. They were more like magic knights who would draw their swords out and fight someone in close combat, rather than Mages who cast their spells from a distance.

"Judicator, did you forget something?" a guard reminded Mo Fan softly just as Mo Fan was about to step inside.

Mo Fan was unfamiliar with all of the rules of the Sacred Residence since he was a fake, but he did not panic at all.

"I'm already worn out from running around to deal with heretics. Don't even bother mentioning the unnecessary practices to me. If you think I'm acting inappropriately, feel free to report me to the Angels!" 'Young Master Zu' snarled. "Honorable Judicator, we understand that you are exhausted. We all pay our respects to the Sacred Residence from the bottom of our hearts. If you think the practices are unnecessary, you don't have to follow them. We won't report to the Angel. Please head inside if you are in a rush," the guard said calmly.

"Are you saying that I'm not being respectful enough?" Mo Fan glared at the guard. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"No, please suit yourself." The guard went back to his post after finishing the sentence.

Please suit yourself...

Mmm, as long as you, Young Master Zu, are happy. Even the four Angels would go down on their knee before entering the Sacred Residence, but you are the wisest with the greatest respect in your heart, who believes it's unnecessary to bow before entering… Young men like him enjoyed treading a tightrope, there was no point in stopping them.

Mo Fan went straight to the Heresy Judgment Court after entering the Sacred Residence. It was like a royal palace. Bola had already told Mo Fan some information about the Heresy Judgment Court, both of which had inherited old traditions. Their ways did not change much even after a few hundred years, including the practices at the entrance. Mo Fan was well aware of that, but since he was disguising himself as Zu Xiangtian, he was more than willing to offend as many people as he could before his time ran out!

---

Mo Fan headed to the back of the Heresy Judgment Court, where the heretics were held in custody. As he expected, Qin Yu'er was nowhere to be found .

If she was someone an Angel had to publicize their identity in order to arrest, they would obviously lock her up in a special place to avoid people busting her out.

Mo Fan also knew it was unlikely he could save Qin Yu'er by disguising himself as Zu Xiangtian. A little Judicator like him would never be involved in the matters of the Angels!

"Xiangtian, why are you here? Didn't you say you are going out for a mission yesterday?" an aged voice spoke up.

Mo Fan turned around and saw an old man with a gray beard and hair. He was an Asian and speaking Chinese. He seemed to be close to Zu Xiangtian.

"I...I'm feeling a little unwell. I have a sore throat too, so I came to ask for a short leave," Mo Fan replied quickly.

"Unwell? As your elderly relative, I must warn you that you shouldn't neglect your duties, even after you were promoted to a Judicator!" Zu Huanyao said sternly. Mo Fan was shocked.

So the man was Zu Xiangtian's relative! This was getting a little tricky. The man must know Zu Xiangtian's habits if he was close to him. He might be exposed if he was careless. Luckily, he had claimed he was feeling unwell with a sore throat. He had an excuse to not speak unless it was necessary! I think their religion is power, but that's probably just me.

Hourglass. Not a watch? With, you know, a beeping alarm?...

I have to say he's setting up Zu Xiangtian nicely...

Chaos (Fish's Sky)

 