Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 264: A Violent Magician!

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

The gust of Wind had an azure hue to it, displaying an energy significantly greater than an ordinary blue Wind Element. Mu Ningxue’s speed surpassed those who also possessed an ordinary Wind Element.

The Wind Element was considered quite common among the Elements, but it was also the most flexible. Mu Ningxue moved swiftly, as if she had suddenly turned as light as feather, her movements unpredictable.

She nimbly dodged the Groundbreak, while the spitting flames around her were extinguished by the Ice Veil she had set up previously.

She had already predicted the spells Mo Fan would cast!

“Wind Disc, Sky Snare!”

Everyone was shocked at how fast Mu Ningxue was able to align her Stars. She did not even pause to cast them!

The azure gust of Wind slowly lifted her figure, leaving her slightly afloat.

Her long silver hair moved elegantly in the air, while the veil which was initially hanging before her lifted, revealing her close to perfect face.

Her glistening eyes were blue in color, like a Wind Elf. For a second, an azure aura with a diameter of twenty meters could be seen circulating her glamorous physique, visible in the flicker from her eyes!

The aura was the reason why she was afloat in the air. It transformed Mu Ningxue, her hands crossed in front of her chest, from an Ice Sorceress to a Wind Fairy, so noble and pure that no one dared to have any disrespectful thoughts.

“A Spirit-grade Wind Seed!!”

“Our captain was forced to use her second Element, this is the end for that guy Mo Fan!”

In terms of aura, Mu Ningxue’s Wind totally crushed the rest of the Wind Magicians. What was more terrifying was that the Wind energy had already gathered around the area Mo Fan was under the command of its empress...

It was nothing like the Wind Disc Tornado. At least in the case of Wind Disc Tornado, people would still have some time to react. As long as you could run faster than the Tornado, you would be fine!

That was not the case for the second tier of the Wind Disc, Sky Snare! It would summon a spinning giant tornado with a diameter of twenty meters right where the target was. The moment it was cast, it would form a fast-spinning wall of Wind around the target. Unless the target could break through the wall of Wind with brute force, it would end up being thrown against the wind wall by the blowing wind and suffer incredible injuries.

If the target somehow survived, the final fling would send it high up into the air. The drop from such a height was more than enough to shatter all its bones.

Such was the strength of the Wind Disc, Sky Snare. In addition, Mu Ningxue was also controlling a Spirit-grade Wind Seed, and so the power of the spell was even more terrifying after being multiplied. The other Intermediate Magicians nearby had already backed off, as this level of battle had gone totally beyond their capabilities!

Indeed, both the second-tier Intermediate Spells or the Spirit-grade Element Seeds were enough to wipe them all, and when the two were stacked together, the damage they dealt would easily be more than the students could handle.

Somehow, the whole battle had turned into a duel between Mo Fan and Mu Ningxue, and the latter totally had the upper hand due to her two Spirit-grade Element Seeds. The almighty Wind Disk, Sky Snare had thoroughly confined Mo Fan inside. He looked extremely tiny inside the giant tornado.

“Fiery Fist, Exploding Heaven!”

Mo Fan was not willing to give up without putting up a fight, despite finding himself trapped within the cage of wind.

The only way to break through was to target the walls that were trapping him. As such, he would have to blow them apart before the tornado shrank to his size!

It went without saying that Mo Fan was extremely familiar with using the first tier Intermediate Fire spell. He could easily throw a few punches after adjusting his energy.

The Rose Flame on his wrist grew restless as the fist of Exploding Heaven collided with the spinning wall of Wind!

BANG!

It was obvious that the great Tornado was shaking. Some parts of it were dislocated too, but new Wind energy immediately filled the gap as Mu Ningxue maintained the shape of the Tornado.

“Again, Fiery Fist!!”

As the punch was thrown, flames engulfed his fist once more. The Fiery Fist collided with the shrieking wind wall with tremendous might once again.

The Wind was already disrupted after the first punch. When the second punch collided with it, the Tornado surrounding Mo Fan buckled heavily.

“Begone!”

Mo Fan was completely unstoppable. Others might already be panting heavily after executing an Intermediate Spell, but he did not even show any intentions of preserving his energy. He continued to draw energy from the Fire Nebula, launching a third punch at the Tornado. The impact from the third collision finally shattered the Tornado, and it dissipated in all directions in random whorls of protest.

As the Wind died away, lumps of dust fell from the sky, stacking up under Mo Fan’s feet. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Mo Fan had the crowd’s complete attention. The flames on his wrist had yet to extinguish completely.

His fiery eyes were full of emotion, while his unyielding stance delivered a strong statement to everyone.

—

Did he just break through a Spirit-grade tornado, just like that?

No one had ever seen a magician more violent than this Mo Fan!

Most of the people subconsciously assumed that they would need to rely on defensive methods to nullify such a destructive spell. Even though Mo Fan had three different Elements, none of them was suitable for defense. To their utter surprise, he had actually managed to overcome Mu Ningxue’s Intermediate Wind Spell with an even stronger attack!

—

“The final boss of the Pearl Institute, as expected of someone who was given that title. I’m utterly impressed.” Peng Liang, the student from the Shadow School, had completely dropped his jaw.

—

On the other side, Zhao Manting had actually guessed that Mo Fan had the Fire Element, but after witnessing the battle, he finally knew how right he was. He was no longer surprised that Mo Fan had actually managed to kill the Mother Skin Scale Phantom.

—

It took Mr. Gu Han, Mrs. Qiu Yuhua, and Mr. Li Jing quite a while to collect their thoughts. They finally understood why Dean Xiao and Director Zhou Zhenghua had expended such efforts to bring Mo Fan in...

As for coming to the Imperial College to be wrecked, or to have a friendly duel... it was obvious that Mo Fan was here to humiliate them!

—

“Two Spirit-grade Seeds... It looks like I’ve made the right choice coming to the Imperial College. At least there’s someone worthy to fight against me.” As Mo Fan had exposed his secret already, there was no reason to hide it any further.

More importantly, there weren’t too many students from the Pearl Institute who could force Mo Fan to use all his strength. Although it turned out that Mu Ningxue could match his strength, the truth was, she was not the only one with two Spirit-grade Seeds!