Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2650 Fire Sorcery Bear

Translated by Xephiz

Edited by Aelryinth

The mud-like creature with an enormous space inside its body soon exploded into piles of mud and tar amid the burning flames. The burning pitch set the nearby buildings and trees on fire as soon as it touched them.

Kunoy and Yangel suddenly appeared as the mud was splashing across the place. The flame that looked like red oil was Kunoy. His fire was sticky and long-lasting. The red oil was oozing out of the ground even after Little Flame Belle had just scattered it.

In addition to that, the trees that were on fire did not burn into ashes. They gradually turned into the same red oil and spread across the mountain. It was flowing down the mountain in a viscous tide.

“Sacred Bear Burning Throat!” Yangel yelled, spitting out golden flames from his mouth.

The red oil that had spread across the area burst into flames, like it had just been ignited. The flames resembled thousands of fire bears roaring in the same direction as Yangel. The flames merged continuously, growing bigger as they did so. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Mo Fan and Little Flame Belle were blown apart by a pillar of flame. Mo Fan ended up at the middle of the hill after being knocked back by the explosions. The red oil immediately poured down on him, and it felt like he had fallen into a boiling pot. He almost felt like his skin was cracking from the heat, even though he had a Greater Heaven Fire Seed.

The flames also devoured Little Flame Belle. She was no longer visible through the dark smoke. The Maple Blaze Leaves she had gathered were concealed beyond the smoke in no time.

They are a lot stronger when they are fighting alongside one another, Mo Fan thought.

Mo Fan was indeed a little surprised by Yangel’s strength, and the way one of them was spreading oil about while the other was igniting it. The combo had made their Fire Seeds deadlier than they were.

Mo Fan’s skin was suffering from severe burns. He knew he would not heal or be reborn in the enemy’s fire, and the boiling oil had made the pain worse than a normal burn. Those who offended the two brothers must have suffered greatly under their combo move if they failed to beat the two brothers.

The Black Dragon Set had disappeared. Mo Fan could only rely on his flames!.

“Phoenix Flame!”

Countless brightly glowing burning feathers appeared. They formed the image of a godly bird slowly descending onto Mo Fan.

A glowing mantle draped over Mo Fan’s shoulders and wrapped around him protectively. The red oil pouring onto the mantle did set it on fire, but the mantle was keeping the fire away from Mo Fan’s body, which felt a lot better.

The feathers on the mantle were absorbing the energy of the fire around them. The feathers grew brighter every time the red oil was poured on them.

The mantle soon erupted into flames of its own, giving off a blazingly strong heat.

“Blink!”

A polygon made of silver lights appeared around Mo Fan. It shrank into a tiny dot before vanishing into thin air.

Mo Fan had disappeared with the polygon. A second later, he reappeared in front of Kunoy, and immediately threw an uppercut at the man.

The spectacular mantle drifted in the wind as Mo Fan gathered all the force on his fist. It gradually turned into a godly bird soaring into the sky amid fierce flames.

The godly bird soared higher. The force of the punch seemed to have awakened a godly beast. Every living creature was trembling in fear as the godly beast broke free from the chains that it had been tied down by.

Kunoy reacted a little too late. He did not expect Mo Fan to be able to launch such a strong counterattack under the circumstances. However, Yangel was standing beside Kunoy and stepped forward in time, blocking the punch with his Golden Bear Flesh.

Yangel was engulfed in golden flames as the punch knocked him a hundred meters into the sky. The golden flames protecting him were falling off like broken pieces of armor.

By the time Yangel fell back to the ground, his chest had already sunken in. He was in a worse condition now than when he had been fighting Mo Fan alone.

Yangel’s Golden Bear Flesh gave him an impressive level of tenacity. He was almost on par with certain Ruler-level creatures. He was still able to climb to his feet while grimacing in pain.

Kunoy and Yangel’s abilities differed greatly.

Yangel’s ability allowed him to transform into a golden bear engulfed in golden flames, granting him outstanding physical strength.

Kunoy was more like a Mage. Even though he could also transform into a bear, his main ability was abusing his strange Fire Sorcery in the form of the red oil, burning his enemies to death.

As the red oil spread continuously, Yangel’s golden flames and metamorphosis would grow stronger with it. Yangel could also use his Golden Bear Flesh as Kunoy’s shield!

“You’re asking for your death!” Kunoy’s eyes burst into flames of anger when he saw his younger brother’s condition.

His body was engulfed in dark red flames, as if he had transformed into a Fire Sorcery Bear.

A long burning staff appeared in his hand. A huge burning forest appeared behind Kunoy after he swung the weapon at Mo Fan.

The dense forest of tall trees was devoured by fierce flames. Countless animals that had been badly burned ran howling out of it. This was Kunoy’s Fire Sorcery!

In northern Europe, the bears were the king of all beasts, ruling over the forests.

In order to master his Fire Sorcery, Kunoy had often turned wild forests into a sea of flames and trapped all the living creatures inside the burning land.

Every life that was sacrificed in the fire would become his warrior!

Mo Fan saw strange-looking beasts that had appeared out of nowhere like a mirage charging out of the burning forest.

Among them were wolves that only had half of their bodies left, bulls with only bones remaining, deer with faces that were burned beyond recognition, and tigers with charred flesh.

They were all charging out of the burning forest under Kunoy’s command. They were neither in a panic nor spooked, as they were not escaping from the fire.

They were also emitting a strong evil Aura. Their eyes were filled with hatred and the urge to spread the suffering to every living creature they came across!