Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 267: Strengthening the Spirit Wolf (Part Two)

Translator: Tofu Editor: Aelryinth

Evolving a Summoned creature to the next level was something to be treated with care. As such, Mo Fan decided to ask Mr. Qiu Yuhua for advice, hoping he would provide some assistance.

“When evolving a Summoned creature, the more things you’ve prepared, the higher the chance of success would be. In simple words, if your Spirit Wolf were to try evolving without any help, the chance of success would only be around twenty percent. After that, it would return to its previous form, thus making it an ordinary Servant-class creature.” Mr. Qiu Yuhua thought Mo Fan was pleasing to the eye the more he looked at him. He was quite earnest in answering questions.

“Twenty percent, that low? Even the lottery is easier to win!” Mo Fan immediately had a bad feeling.

“That’s only because your Spirit Wolf has a strong will. Otherwise, an ordinary Spirit Wolf would only have a ten percent success rate,” Mr. Qiu Yuhua added.

“How can I increase the success rate, then?” Mo Fan asked.

“Can’t you listen in the classes for once? Even though you have three different Elements, you’re still technically a student of the Summoning School...” Qiu Yuhua scolded Mo Fan before speaking in a stern tone, “You mentioned that you have a Warrior Soul. That is not a bad support item. It should be able to increase the success rate by twenty percent.”

“Right... but that’s only forty percent. I’m not a fan of betting.” Mo Fan said.

Even though a handsome man like him would always be the main protagonist in every story, Mo Fan did not believe that his plot armor could alter the success rate from forty percent to one hundred percent!

If he lost the bet, the Spirit Wolf’s strength would greatly regress. It was difficult to tell when it could return to the Advanced Level!

“There are ways for sure. But it might cost a fortune. “Qiu Yuhua continued with his explanation, “Normally, there are a few factors that determine the rank of a creature...

“First, their lineage. The higher the lineage, the greater the chance for the creature to rank up to a higher level.

“Second, the soul. The stronger the soul, the greater the potential it would possess.

“Third, the body. The strength of one’s body can normally be improved through endless battles. Having a strong enough body is the most basic requirement before evolving to the next level.”

Lineage, soul, and body! Mo Fan silently took note of the three important factors.

“The Warrior Soul that you’ve found is useful for soul-strengthening. When the soul becomes stronger, the success rate of evolving to the next level is increased too, by roughly twenty percent. Of course, different quality Warrior Souls will affect the success rate. Generally speaking, the one you have is able to increase the success rate by twenty percent.”

“Teacher, does that mean that I can look for ways to increase the success rate through improving its lineage or body?” Mo Fan blurted out.

Mr. Qiu Yuhua nodded with a smile, before saying with a stern face, “Which is why I said... You need to have money. The lineage of a Warrior level creature does not come at a cheap price. There are many ways to strengthen a wolf’s body too, but the actual good ones are quite costly too. If you find a suitable lineage, it might increase the success rate by thirty percent. As for strengthening the body, you can combine multiple ways together. It’s hard to say the increase in success rate it would bring, but it definitely helps with the process.”

It seemed like having a Warrior Soul was nowhere near enough to guarantee the success rate. He would need to get his hands on a Warrior-level lineage, too!

—–

Luckily, he did have over ten million in his savings. He immediately headed to the Magic Association’s branch in the capital to look for a Warrior-level lineage.

The Magic Association in the capital surely had stocks of supplies. Ordering something like a Warrior-level lineage that belonged to a wolf species would take more than ten days or even half a month to deliver to smaller cities. However, they were readily available on the shelves in the capital for a slightly higher price of a few million. However, Mo Fan did not have the time to wait any longer.

He managed to acquire a Warrior-level lineage after paying a price of ten million while clenching his teeth. He then bought some bone dust and a heart to strengthen the body, each valued at around a million. Following the purchases, he only had less than a million left. He suddenly had a feeling that he had gone back in time, to the pre-liberation era!

“Little wolf, you better be kind to me. Don’t you fail the process.” Mo Fan almost had the urge to burn some incense and worship his Spirit Wolf when he saw the previous splendid eight digits turning into merely six digits in his bank account.

The Warrior Soul would increase the success rate by twenty percent.

The Warrior level lineage would increase it further by thirty percent.

The Spirit Wolf had trained diligently in battles, strengthening its body to a certain level, which increased the success rate by twenty percent.

With those added up, the success rate was currently seventy percent, not including the bone dust of a Warrior-level wolf and the heart of a Three-eyed Magic Wolf.

——

“Since your Spirit Wolf’s flesh has never been strengthened before with materials, the bone dust and the heart should be quite effective. The success rate should be around seventy-five percent. Besides, you’re an Intermediate Magician. The energy from your nebula is able to increase the success rate by another ten percent. In other words, your Spirit Wolf has eighty-five percent change to evolve successfully.” Qiu Yuhua came up with a precise evaluation.

“Eighty-five percent, that sounds convincing!” Mo Fan said.

“Indeed, I didn’t expect you to be this rich. The materials should have cost you at least thirteen million.” Qiu Yuhua encouraged Mo Fan with a smile, “Go ahead, many Summoners’ first attempts only had thirty percent success rate. Your eighty-five percent pretty much guarantees that your Spirit Wolf will evolve to Warrior-level!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Mo Fan nodded. With Qiu Yuhua’s assurance, he felt far more confident than before.

——

The Imperial College had some private training grounds. Mo Fan spent some money renting one to make sure that the process was not interrupted.

He was the only person at the spacious training ground. Drawing the pattern which produced a moonlit split in the air, the Spirit Wolf quickly landed right before him.

The Spirit Wolf let out a howl. It seemed more serious than usual, as it clearly knew that today was an important day for it.

“Here is a Warrior Soul, the lineage of a Warrior-level wolf, a heart,and a bottle of bone dust. These will help you to successfully evolve. Don’t be nervous, and don’t feel pressured. Relax and you won’t feel any pain. Be calm and there won’t be any sequela, and you can go back to work right away!” Mo Fan tried to comfort his little wolf.

The Spirit Wolf let out a cry like an obedient husky, its eyes seemed to be flickering.

It lowered its head and rubbed against Mo Fan.

“I’m no stranger, these are nothing. One day, when I see that Darkwing Wolf again, I’ll get my hands on its soul, blood, bones, heart, meat, whatever you want to eat as snacks. How can you not feel proud being I, Mo Fan’s summoned creature?” Mo Fan smilingly fondled the Spirit Wolf’s hair.