Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2670: Living Off Women

The sword went through the Son’s head. Blood was flowing up along with the sword, the same as the swords that had pierced the young man’s limbs. It flowed into the Yin-Yang symbol and clarified it further!

It was like a delicately-arranged sacrifice. Cao Xiaohan lay in the pool of blood, still trying to lift his head.

Cao Xiaohan was extremely tenacious, and did not die instantly. He insisted on taking one last glance at Mu Ningxue.

Some butchers in his home village would also nail down the limbs of dogs before slaughtering them, as the dogs were lowly and tenacious. They might bite back at the butchers as they were delivering the killing blow.

Cao Xiaohan did not expect that he would end up like one of the dogs. Most importantly, Cao Xiaohan could only admire Mu Ningxue’s beauty and imagine how pleasant it would be to hug her in his sleep from the very beginning. In the final moment of his life, he could only see the sword that had gone through his head and the heels that were stepping on it. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

They were elegant feet, yet...

The mountain was already cold before, but it was even colder now!

A silver-haired woman was stepping on a sword that was fixed into the corpse of a powerful Mage impaled on a Yin-Yang symbol. It was a strange and eerie sight that perfectly complemented Mu Ningxue’s alluring figure and outstanding icy temperament.

Below her, the dead Cao Xiaohan was a powerful Mage who had cultivated in seclusion for twenty-five years. He was a talented young Mage who had once killed a Blood Sea Demon Ruler by himself.

He had forcibly twisted his head up after a sword had gone through it. His face had contorted from the immense pain. The others could only see the side of his face that was bent out of shape.

He had died a miserable and lowly death, just like a stray dog on the side of the road.

“How...how vicious!” exclaimed Nanrong Xu, taking a deep breath.

“How cruel. Even her heart is like a poisonous scorpion, despite her beautiful looks!” the three elders of the Zhao Clan murmured together.

The Father and Son of Sulfur Island had made a name for themselves after leaving the island, but now only the father Cao Linfeng was left, and he was on the verge of losing his mind. He had suddenly aged after his son’s death, but his eyes had a vicious light in them.

Twenty-five years! He had spent twenty-five years raising his son Cao Xiaohan into a genius. He had given up on the temptations of the big cities and moved to a remote island, all for his son!

To his shock, his son had died a horrible and humiliating death under a woman’s sword. He had simply been slaughtered like a stray dog!

How vicious and cold-blooded! How can a woman like her exist in this world!?

Cao Linfeng had lost his mind. A faint-brown light burst out of his body as he ran closer to the Yin-Yang symbol. He turned into a ferocious leopard and pounced at Mu Ningxue as soon as the power of the Yin-Yang symbol weakened.

However, Cao Linfeng might have been a brilliant teacher, but he was not a great fighter. Many soccer coaches were nowhere near as skillful as their players, but they were good at coaching and helping players improve.

Cao Linfeng was weaker than his son Cao Xiaohan, and so the light he was emitting was dimmer. The leopard the light had transformed into did not pose any threat to Mu Ningxue, either.

The Yin-Yang symbol under Mu Ningxue’s feet started spinning. A huge storm erupted and dragged Cao Linfeng inside.

Cao Linfeng’s light dissipated rapidly as his body was shredded by the winds. He was covered in wounds in mere seconds.

A while later, Cao Linfeng was thrown back to the ground. His body was damaged beyond recognition.

Mu Ningxue did not show any mercy to Cao Linfeng, either. His death was just as horrible as his son’s!

“Mu Ningxue, you are a detestable murderer!” Nanrong Ni swore at her.

A murderer!

A demoness!

Her hair happened to be silver, too!

The death of the father and son had left everyone in awe. The military, mercenaries, and other factions were anxious.

Mu Ningxue’s face remained expressionless in the face of the enemy’s scorn and accusations.

She looked at the crowd and used what she had just done to warn them, “Fanxue Mountain is a private territory. We have the right to execute trespassers. It has been a part of our jurisdiction since this city was built.”

Every renowned clan had a sacred place built under the protection of the country and the Magic Association. Anyone who stepped into it without permission ran the risk of being executed on the spot. Besides, Cao Xiaohan was the one who had attacked first, and injured a member of Fanxue Mountain’s patrol squads!

Even if it was a few years ago during peaceful times, the Enforcement Union would have deemed Mu Ningxue innocent, let alone in the current time of chaos as the world was heading toward the apocalypse. Real peace could only be earned through horrible battles!

They had abandoned their ethics and morality to attack Fanxue Mountain, but they were accusing the owner of Fanxue Mountain of murder when they were being punished for their trespassing. How amusing!

They were all adults. They should already have considered the consequences of their own actions instead of behaving recklessly by abusing their strength and power. The father and son had disrespected her with vile words and actions. If they had only trespassed into Fanxue Mountain by accident, Mu Ningxue might have considered sparing their lives. However, the pair had made themselves Fanxue Mountain’s enemy!

—

“Our lord is so strong. The father and son were above average among the Super Mages, but they were killed, just like that!” The members of Fanxue Mountain were astounded.

They all knew about Mu Ningxue’s extraordinary talent and cultivation, but they did not expect her to be able to slay two powerful enemies without breaking a sweat!

Everyone was pleased to see the disrespectful Cao Xiaohan dying to the Yin-Yang symbol.

Their lord Mu Ningxue was an inviolable goddess. These scum were asking for their deaths for disrespecting her!

“Serves them right. They chose to act like attack dogs being released from their cages, instead of humans. That is the best possible way to handle wild dogs!” Zhao Manyan mocked them.

Cao Xiaohan had made everyone uncomfortable as soon as he showed up. Luckily, Mu Ningxue had settled it in the cleanest and most effective way. She had killed the dogs without having to waste her time on them!

“Mo Fan, I seriously think you are living off women sometimes,” Zhao Manyan told Mo Fan with a disdainful face.

Mo Fan was still lost in thought.

Normally, when a woman was harassed, it should be their man who should lose their temper and beat the crap out of the harasser. However, it was different in Mo Fan’s case. Mu Ningxue had acted first and was even harsher toward the offender!

There was nothing he had to do. He just had to cheer for her on the side.

“Well, to be honest, I also imagined hugging her to sleep every night when I first saw her,” Mo Fan replied softly with an awkward expression.