Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2680: Abyss Behind the Back

In the bloody fog, a man in brown clothes appeared and the people of the North City Legion unwittingly followed.

Deputy Head, Zhou Yi, stepped forward. “It’s time to send the troops. If any of you show any disloyalty, do not blame the City Lord for being hostile.”

He was the first to follow. Those who had voiced their grievances before did not dare speak. In front of the City Lord, Lin Kang, nobody dared utter anything. Lin Kang was a man of the military through and through. If someone tried to shake the morale of the army in front of him, he would kill that person without a word.

Although some of the North City Legion might not respect Lin Kang entirely from their hearts, it was known that they unanimously feared him.

The man in the brown clothes strode forward. A strange melancholy blood energy emanated from his body. The same blood energy condensed into an outline of Lin Kang’s face that looked stern and in pain.

When Zhou Yi approached the man in brown clothes, the gloomy blood energy faded along with the vague outline of Lin Kang’s face. The face that now appeared was pale and cold. His eyes were cloudy as though he was a creature from a different world.

He was slender and surprisingly ordinary in appearance. But as he walked towards the people, he looked like he was dragging a huge abyss behind him. As he walked by, the sight, thoughts, and memories of the people were sucked into the abyss along with the objects around them. Everything was pulled into the deep abyss dragged by this figure that walked unknowing and lifeless in silence.

The people finally saw the man clearly. This was not Lin Kang at all.

The blood energy created a layer of Lin Kang’s skin which was worn by this person who walked on. When the blood energy dissipated, the skin of Lin kang disappeared, and what was left was revealed to be none other than Mu Bai.

Mu Bai looked completely different from what he was like in the past. He used to dress in white. He was graceful, pure, and noble. He looked like a wise scholar or magistrate in charge of everything in the universe holding his ice pen and snow inkstone.

But now, he was this lifeless creature with a layer of blood energy around him dragging a bottomless abyss behind him. He had turned into a dark devil imprisoned for ten thousand years and spit back onto the earth. In the deafening silence, there was no blood, no roars or cries, there was only palpable fear of all living beings before a catastrophe.

“Mu... Mu Bai?”

“Chief!”

Zhou Yi and the generals of the North City Legion were stunned. They almost didn’t recognize Mu Bai. The atmosphere was different. Mu Bai looked a thousand times more horrifying than even Lin Kang when he was angry. The silence was terrible.

“Where is the City Lord Lin?” Zhou Yi could not believe his eyes.

Nobody understood why Mu Bai had come out of the fog instead of Lin Kang. Mu bai looked as though he was in the thrall of some sort of evil spell. Despite that he looked very much alive. He looked almost immortal at that moment.

“Here.” Mu Bai’s hand was still dragging something behind him. It was a dead weight. It was drooping and had soft skin. The flesh was rotten. Mu Bai flung it in front of Deputy Head, Zhou Yi, and the people of the North City Legion.

Lin Kang’s eyes were dull. His eyeballs were still intact, but they were empty as though someone had directly dug them out. Generally, the body of a dead person slowly stiffened but Lin Kang looked paralyzed. His body looked boneless and exuded a strong aura of death...

It was a sign that not only his body but also his soul had been wiped out!

Lin Kang’s face that condensed with the blood energy before was the remnant of his soul which had not completely dissipated. Even several generations of goddesses from the Parthenon Temple had been unable to save him. He died without a soul. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Zhou Yi’s shock was replaced by a chilling fear. He felt cold and his body trembled. He couldn’t believe that Lin Kang was dead.

A formidable person in the Super Level, the most powerful Lin Kang was slaughtered by Mu Bai just like that. Mu Bai’s cultivation was not even as deep as Lin Kang’s. Lin Kang had gained two series of boosts at that. How did Lin Kang die so tragically?

When Mu Bai walked by, there was an abyss behind him visible to the naked eye. Nobody understood what the abyss represented. Moreover, what did Mu bai represent now?

“Zhou Yi, you are now the commander-in-chief of the North City Legion.”

“I came from Bo City and have experienced a demon battle that slaughtered everyone in the city. I have lived in the Ancient Capital and experienced the catastrophe there. My relatives and friends died in these two disasters, and I parted ways with them as well. Fanxue Mountain is the only thing that I am concerned about in this world. If you destroy this place, I’ll drag all of you to the depths of hell with me!”

The moment Mu Bai uttered those words, the dark abyss behind him expanded. It looked terrifying and majestic. It swallowed the whole sky and earth!

The black wind swept across the people of the North City Legion like sharp claws. The four thousand elites of the North City Legion, regardless of their level, stood on the edge of the vast abyss. If they took even one step forward, they would die without leaving anything behind to be buried.

Zhou Yi was standing closest to Mu Bai. His legs trembled and his knees almost gave out. He was like an insignificant pebble before the force of a master of the Fourth Element of the Super Level like Mu Bai. Mu Bai himself was the boundless abyss, vast and deep. Who knew what terrifying and unknown things lurked in the dark depths that were invisible to the naked eye? Zhou Yi’s mind went blank.

Everyone was a practitioner of magic. Why was it that he was like an ape while others had the powers of gods and demons? Where had it all gone wrong?

Neither Zhou Yi nor the entire army of the North City Legion could understand it. People had respected Mu Bai for his righteous and sincere personality. He was a person who would dive headfirst to rescue a small group of people even in the midst of ten thousand demons.

Meanwhile, Lin Kang had been fierce and brutal. People were afraid of him. He was strong, formidable, and had a strict military temperament. If someone dared disobey him, he wouldn’t hesitate to execute them in public.

The North City Legion respected Mu Bai and feared Lin Kang. But if it came to an ultimatum, they would obey Lin Kang. Most people obeyed the person they feared. But who would have ever thought that the respectable Mu Bai had a more horrifying side to him than the dreaded Lin Kang?

If anyone even put their toe out of line, they would be dragged into the frightening abyss. The abyss looked more menacing than hell itself. If anyone fell into it, they would be tormented forever!

“Chief Mu... we were forced. We had no choice. Please....” The major general pleaded.

“You were forced? You had no choice?” Mu Bai ignored Deputy Head, Zhou Yi, and walked straight towards the North City Legion. “While you are alive, you indeed make many wrong choices. But if you make a mistake against me once more, I will give you enough time to repent painfully only after death.”