Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2682: Thunder of Heaven Seed

Although Mu bai had not said anything, Asha’ruiya had told Mo Fan about Mu Bai’s situation.

That time when Mu Bai was killed by the curse, his soul had entered the Dark Plane and fell into the hands of the King of Darkness. There were many Kings of Darkness in that plane, each in charge of different abilities and realms. Each King of Darkness chose a noble from countless souls falling into the Dark Plane to manage the land on behalf of him.

Mu Bai was in the coffin at the time when he was chosen. If everything went well, he would enter the dark territory to govern. That was why Xinxia’s resurrection technique had not been able to pull Mu Bai back from the gates of hell. The King of Darkness held his soul and wanted him to become a Dark Noble.

It was not clear whether the Dark Plane was where every human went after death. It was only one of the doors. There was no doubt that it was still full of pain.

Mu Bai knew that he could not get rid of the fact that he would enter the Dark Plane after his death, but he bargained with the King of Darkness. He hoped that the king would wait until he died before making him work for him.

With Si Quartz as a gift, the King of Darkness reluctantly agreed to return Mu Bai’s soul to him and agreed to let him work in the Dark Territory only after his death. Mu bai had been marked by the King of Darkness. When facing Dark Magic, the mark set him apart as divine. He was no less than a prince in that realm especially when facing Dark Magic. He was a judge with official certification from the Dark Plane.

However, Mo Fan knew that the more he used such power, the closer Mu Bai’s soul would be to the darkness. Eventually, Mu Bai will be swallowed up by the abyss he carried behind him. He would never be able to escape from that abyss.

Mo Fan did not want him to die so young and be pulled into the Dark Plane. But he understood that Mu Bai could not have just sat and watched when Zhao Jing targeted him and Fanxue Mountain. As the leader of Fanxue Mountain, he could not just stay back when everyone tried their best to defend their home.

If Mu Linsheng and Uncle Carpenter had not held him back, Mo Fan would have rushed forward and killed all those bastards in his anger. He was not the most apt person to take the lead because of his temper. There were too many things to consider.

…

Nanrong Xu, Elder Shou, and Elder Pang had arrived at the villa. The three of them had joined forces to fight Uncle Carpenter. It would have been difficult for Uncle Carpenter to fight all of them alone. Bola, the Vampire, had joined the fight despite the sun. He had kept Elder Pang occupied

and relieved Uncle Carpenter’s burden.

Yu Shishi and Moon Moth Phoenix also joined in. Yu Shishi controlled the Moon Moth Phoenix and maintained Fanxue Mountain’s Patrol Team to ensure that the wounded were protected and given the time to recover. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Moon Moth Phoenix faced Elder pang from Nanrong family. Elder Pang’s Wind Element Magic had flattened several terraced fields and mountains. Moon Moth Phoenix did not directly attack but stalled for time and prevented him from getting close to the Fanxue Mountain Villa.

Mo Fan glanced at them and decided that Uncle Carpenter, Bola and Moon Moth Phoenix could temporarily hold back the three masters from the Nanrong family. He turned to focus all his attention on Zhao Jing.

Zhao Jing had been holding back to see what other cards Fanxue Mountain was holding up its sleeves. When he noticed the appearance of Bola and Moon Moth Phoenix, he frowned. Fanxue Mountain did have some secret weapons.

Lin Kang was dead and the North City Legion was no longer here. Zhao Jing could not wait any longer. If he wanted to subdue and take over Fanxue Mountain, he had to rally all those who were on his side and attack Fanxue Mountain now when it was still vulnerable!

If he tarried, he would fail miserably. The Red Electric Dragons flew in a circle. Each of them was serpentine and enormous. They could coil around mountain tops. They weren’t real dragons of flesh and blood but made of red lightning. Red, cackling electric energy ran through their bodies. They were huge and terrifying, and there were thousands of them.

Wherever they flew, the sky turned red. Their lighting shot off like branches from a tree and covered the sky above Fanxue Mountain Villa. The barrier around the villa began to crack. It wasn’t comparable to high-level protection as Fanxue Mountain had directed most of their magic and energy towards the coast. Once the barrier was completely broken, the Fanxue Mountain Villa would be destroyed forever.

“Eagle Capture!”

The lightning of Mo Fan was transmogrifying. What he had was a black Lightning Tyrant. The increase in the blessing of the God’s Seal and Thunder Hole made the Lightning Tyrant form a thundering vortex on top of his head!

The thundering whirls turned, and goshawks covered with bright electric feathers flew out of the whirlpool. Their bodies were large enough to cover a gymnasium. The most amazing sight was their claws. They were so huge and sharp that they could tear the sky apart.

Black Thunder Eagles and Red Electric Dragons fought. Thunder-magnetized feathers against red-electric scales. Bodies made up of lightning scattered sparks in the air.

Mo Fan and Zhao Jing’s lightning transmogrifying were very vivid. The aura and power of the ancient beasts of electricity reflected off the mountain turning the land into a tragic field where demons could have fought. Blood dripped and limbs were torn apart.

“Moon Charm Force! Thousand Dragons!” Zhao Jing yelled. As he raised his arms, there was a red print on his palm that turned the red lightning chaotic and even more terrifying. It was not clear whether it was the Heaven Seed or just his supernatural power. Mo Fan could not make up his mind.

As the red print on Zhao Jing’s palms lit up, Mo Fan realized that the number of red dragons in the air multiplied exponentially. Their size increased and their lightning amplified!

“Heaven Seed and Moon Charm Force?” Mo Fan mumbled in surprise. Thunder of Heaven Seed.

That clarified everything. It was no wonder that Zhao Jing’s Thunder Element magic had such horrifying destructive power. It could not only trap them but it had the potential to damage even Zhao Manyan and Mu Bai.

Zhao Jing was on the third level of the Electric Element Super Level. He had the top cultivation of Electric Element. He had the Heaven Seed of Thunder Element, so the terrifying Thunder God Drum that could shatter the internal vital organs of several of them could be his Absolute Forbidden Realm. If anyone used any magic within his Forbidden Realm, they would suffer disastrous internal attacks.

Zhao Jing did not use the Absolute Forbidden System at the moment, but the pure power of the Heaven Seed of Thunder Element with the effect of Moon Charm Force was definitely beyond the scope of destruction of Super Level’s magic. It could swallow everyone in.