Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2683: Flame Demon King

“How dare you use Lightning Element when I am using Crimson Mountain Thunder?” Zhao Jing laughed.

Even without the Moon Charm, his Lightning Element could still crush Mo Fan. Under the Forbidden Curse, few people ever dared compete with his Lightning Element. He wondered if something was wrong with the man before him.

There was a ranking for Elemental Seeds in the world. Among them, the most famous on the list of Lightning Elements was Zhao Jing’s Crimson Mountain Thunder. He would have been even more famous for it if not for the Pentagon Thunder vein that appeared out of the blue a few years ago that gave rise to a more powerful Andes Lightning Element Mage.

As soon as his palm print lit up, thousands of Red Electric Dragons jumped over the gate and turned into Wandering Dragons in the sky. These creatures ravaged everything they saw on the ground. The appearance of Red Wandering Dragons shocked everyone. The people of Fanxue Mountain were overwhelmed by the sight of the creatures. They feared that they would be torn apart by the monsters that circled the air.

Mo Fan’s lightning goshawks appeared to be comparatively smaller now.Originally, his supernatural power, the Thunder Hole, could absorb all the Thunder Elements in a radius of ten kilometers and turn them into his own. However, when facing Zhao Jing’s turbulent thunder, Mo Fan did not dare absorb it.

The Thunder Hole was not an infinite thunder bag, and its absorption had a limit. If Mo Fan opened the Thunder Hole at this time, it was very likely that he would be directly hit by the explosion caused by the red lightning. It could kill him.

Mo Fan grudgingly acknowledged that in terms of cultivation, Elemental Seed, including some Lightning Element magic, Zhao Jing was many levels ahead of his current Thunder Element ability.

Mo Fan shook his head. There was no need to force it anymore. There were so many masters in the world. The opponent’s Thunder Element was his strength, so why should he bother to compete against it?

“Little Flame Belle, the opponent is very strong. We need to attack directly,” Mo Fan said.

“Ring….” Little Flame Belle responded.

The moon-white crack flashed, and there was a dazzling scene of a large flaming molten pool inside. Little Flame Belle, who already had a complete body, appeared directly in the form of the Goddess of Flame Belle.

The graceful flame dress draped over her body fluttered, and the maple leaves and fire feathers spread out. It dyed the clouds red, burned the air and spread across the earth.

The sky ignited to the most exquisite shade of fiery red. The maple leaves rained down over the mountains and formed a splendid carpet of fire on the ground.

Flame Calamity was the fire that had destroyed the world. With the singing of Goddess of Flame Belle, the Flame Calamity rolled and fell from the sky. The world-annihilating flame collided with thousands of red dragons. They were both red, but of different shades with distinct layers.

Countless Lotus Petals of Destruction bloomed in Fanxue Mountain and the sky above Xuexin City. The air was mingled with flames and lightning. They slammed into each other, burst, and dimmed continuously.

Zhao Jing’s face darkened. The opponent still had hidden cards up their sleeves. The strength of Goddess of Flame Belle was probably close to the Great Ruler Level, and the Fire Element Heaven Seed was rare in the world. It was fiery and majestic, not inferior to his Lightning Element Heaven Seed at all.

Zhao Jing should have gotten more masters to his side and stripped off the opponent’s strength layer by layer. It would have been easier for him to end this.

Zhao Jing did not panic. He was confident that he could defeat this even if it were an Orthodox Great Ruler, let alone a Great Ruler. He had cards of his own other than the Lightning Element.

He tried to figure out how to deal with the Goddess of Flame Belle. He was surprised that she did not furl the maple fire to kill him instantly. The flames merged into Mo Fan instead.

An exuberant and roaring divine fire appeared around Mo Fan. The brightness of the flames lit up the sky adding a fiery red layer to the whole world. It was magical and dazzling to the eye.

“Heaven Fire!” yelled Mo Fan.

Zhao Jing was astonished. The Flame Calamity Heaven Fire was not from the Goddess of Flame Belle but belonged to Mo Fan himself! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Mo Fan’s Lightning Element was Soul-grade Seed but his Fire Element was Heaven Seed. Zhao Jing could not believe that the Fire Element Heaven Seed was even more terrifying and it almost overwhelmed his Crimson Mountain Thunder!

“It’s the Fire Element Great Heaven Seed!” Nanrong Ni shouted. She noticed that something was wrong.

Heaven Seed was already a rare power. The Great Heaven Seed was ever rarer. It was a legendary power. Some old Super Level mages had not even been able to obtain a Heaven Seed in their lifetime, much less a Great Heaven Seed. Mo Fan had not been in the Super Level for quite a while, but he already had a Great Heaven Seed! He was probably considered invincible in the Fire Element domain of the country.

“His cultivation is not that high….” Zhao Jing reminded himself with relief.

The cultivation of Mo Fan was not as high as him. He was at most at the second level of the Fire Element Super Level. If he had been at the third level like Zhao Jing himself, this fight would have been difficult.

Moon Charm Force already increased the destructive power of Zhao Jing’s Thunder Element, but it still seemed like he couldn’t compete with Mo Fan’s Great Heaven Seed for now.

“Fortunately, I’m cautious,” Zhao Jing muttered. If he had gone all out right from the beginning, powerful mages like Mu Ningxue and Mu bai would have attacked and hurt him severely. However, there was still danger. If Mo Fan used the Great Heaven Seed and Great Ruler together, Zhao Jing might not be able to handle it. He had underestimated him. Zhao Jing could easily win if they fought one-on-one.

“Zhao Jing, that is Mo Fan’s Contracted Beast, Flame Belle! It is a type of Fire Element Holy Spirit that can bestow fire-type abilities. When they merge, their abilities will increase radically,” Nanrong Ni reminded him.

Mo Fan’s ability to merge with Little Flame Belle was nothing new. He had done that many times in college battles. At that time, Little Flame Belle was still growing. Mo Fan’s cultivation and Fire Seed weren’t that strong either.

But now, Little Flame Belle had fully grown into the Goddess of Flame Belle who was close to the Great Ruler Level. Meanwhile, Mo Fan had obtained Fire Element Great Heaven Seed. He had reached the pinnacle of the Fire Element domain.

If both of them merged, what would they become collectively?

“What do you mean?” asked Zhao Jing. He was puzzled as the Goddess of Flame Belle disappeared suddenly. There was a person where she had been moments before.

The man’s robe was encased in flames which made him look majestic as well as terrifying. On the ground in front of him, surging volcanoes rose and fell. Mountains, ridges, trees, and foothills were covered in flame and magma. The plants turned to ashes, which in turn flew into the air with the heat of destruction.

Yama, the King of Flames.

If Mu Bai had looked like a judge in charge of the book of life and death holding a pen when he was shrouded in dark energy, Mo Fan, with flames of hell around his body, was the King of Flame. He could turn the entire world into a melting pot of boiling mess in an instant.

The form of the King of Flame himself was extremely powerful. As Little Flame Belle grew, her strength increased, and so did Mo Fan’s Great Heaven Seed’s power. With their abilities merged into one, Mo Fan’s King of Flame would be enhanced to a terrifying level: the Flame Demon King himself!