Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2686: Galaxy Falls

Six of them would strike together. Five were elders of the family, and Zhao Jing was much stronger than them.

Zhao Jing was still the one with the most destructive power. Ever since he acquired Moon Charm Force, he could inflict extreme destruction compared to the others. He was confident that he could raze the entire Fanxue Mountain to the ground.

Elder Shou and Elder Pang from the Nanrong family primarily targeted Mo Fan. They did not have the magical power to destroy the world like Zhao Jing, but they were like poisonous scorpions, lurking in places where Mo Fan could not see, then ruthlessly attacking his weakest spot when he least expected it. Mo Fan had to watch out for those two! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

On the other hand, the three masters of the Zhao family were the pinnacle of orthodox magic. When they demonstrated their skills, the dazzling flash of Star Constellation and Star Palace was seen. The three of them possessed a certain secret spell.

When the trio stood in the magical array where the halos intertwined and cast their spells, magic flew in rapid succession like a three-barrel magic turret with incredible power and high firing frequency.

Zhao Jing confronted Mo Fan directly. He had fully mastered the four elements. Besides the Lightning Element and Light Element, he was also an expert in Plant Element and Wind Element.

A strange seed was buried into the charred land and blasted by Zhao Jing’s lightning. The sky turned crimson. It was demonic red as if the distant Blood Galaxy had been torn apart. It emitted a bizarre light that would be reflected in the infinite universe for many years to come.

“The Fall of Calamity!”

Zhao Jing was truly like Thanos the Destroyer. He possessed an exaggerated ability of control. The strange but spectacular galaxy in the sky was ripped open, and meteors smashed down on the earth, destroying everything in its path.

Fanxue Mountain shook as if it was going to fall into the cliff the moment the mountain terrain collapsed. Fanxue Mountain elites and the mercenary union fought on the terrace when they sensed the terrifying force of the meteors. Some of them were thrown into the air.

The strange young plant on the charred land continued growing despite the impact. After a rain of meteors, the young plant grew into a gigantic tree and still continued its ascent.

Zhao Jing used to cast a similar spell at Lan Yang City. At that time, he had cast it for evacuation purposes. This time, the situation was different. He remained rooted next to the gigantic plant, as if guarding it from being destroyed by others.

Mo Fan was puzzled. When the strange plant swayed, it shook even more meteors from the sky to rain down on Earth. Normally, such a plant would wither after a while because of high magical energy consumption. What caused the plant to stand strong despite the heavy meteor rain? It was truly a strange plant.

Mo Fan had to destroy the plant. It could prove to be disastrous. Just as he inched forward towards it, Master Bai Song appeared suddenly above him and drew his Ancient Divine Monument Stone Sword against him.

Mo Fan evaded him in the blink of an eye and flew a thousand miles away just as circles of sand vortex appeared at the tip of the sword. The sand vortex circled and sucked everything around it. Mo Fan was slowly dragged towards the sword as the vortex sucked all the air in front of it.

Mo Fan looked surprised. That old coot was actually quite capable.

“Sequential!” shouted Mo Fan. He might be in the form of the Flame Demon King, but that did not mean he could not use other magical elements.

The quicksand from the sword created a suction power which was derived from the Earth Element. Mo fan could use it to create an outward push force in the chaotic zone. When the sequential seal struck the Ancient Divine Monument Stone Sword, Mo Fan forcibly reversed its rules.

He got it right. The circles of sand patterns resembling quicksand began to move outward creating a pushing force and sending Mo fan directly towards Zhao Jing’s evil tree.

Mo Fan summoned his Tiandi Flame Sword. An Open Heaven Flame Hatchet resembling a mountain ridge appeared in his hand. He raised his hands and swung the blade downward. A waterfall of fiery red flame intertwined with fire and lightning fell on the earth.

“Let me help you!” Elder Pang appeared near Zhao Jing.

He spread his arms and sea water flowed from his body. The water surged and churned transforming Elder Pang into a towering ocean giant!

“Statue of Ocean God!”

Elder Pang’s body turned into a gigantic ocean demon. He stood in front of the strange demonic tree. Mo Fan swung his Open Heaven Flame Hatchet at him. The raging fire and seawater split in two strands. They rushed in opposite directions, creating a panorama of fire and water.

Elder Pang, who was in the form of the Statue of Ocean God, collapsed. He was sent flying backwards by the force of the hatchet. A flaming axe-shaped scar appeared on his chest. He wailed in agony.

When Elder Pang offered his help, he had not expected the Flame Demon King to be this powerful. The Flame Demon King restrained Elder Pang’s Water Element magic and overcame Elder Pang’s Status of Ocean form. Elder Pang was severely wounded.

“Help me stall him for a while longer. Once my Star Tree is planted, the entire Fanxue Mountain will turn into a corpse pit!” Zhao Jing shouted.

Under the power of Moon Charm Force, his star-shaking Evil Tree had reached a higher realm. Once the Evil Tree grew to its zenith, Blood Galaxy would collapse. The whole heaven would collapse, and the destruction will be immense compared to that inflicted by a few falling meteors.

“Let us do this!” Master Lan Zhu and Master Bai Song gave up on the unique magical array. They stood on either side of Zhao Jing, guarding him.

The five elders seemed to realize now that Zhao Jing’s magic was capable of destroying heaven and earth. They came to his aid. Some protected him while others stalled Mo Fan.

Mo Fan looked up and saw the peculiar Blood Galaxy. As the gigantic Evil Tree swayed, the Blood Galaxy flaked off as if it could lose its spatial floating power at any time and collapse on everything down below.

Fanxue Mountain was not very huge. It had already become unrecognizable as a result of such a high-level magical battle. Zhao Jing’s magic would not only wipe out everyone on Fanxue Mountain, but it would also wipe the mountain itself from this world!

The thought was frightening. The occasional fall of the meteors had already caused much damage.

“Old Zhao!” Mu Bai’s expression darkened. He gestured towards Zhao Manyan.

Everyone finally sensed that something was seriously wrong. Even Mo Fan as the Flame Demon King found the situation difficult to overcome.