Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2694: Tree Barks That Show Human Faces

Aside from the bizarre plants surrounding him, Mo Fan could not see anything else. Yet, he felt that he had fallen into a demon’s lair with thousands of eyes staring at him from every direction.

It was so quiet that he could hear his own heartbeat. It was difficult to put his feelings into words. There was danger everywhere, and his sensory nerves were on high alert. It made his heart beat faster and sent chills down his spine.

However, try as he might, Mo Fan did not detect anything tangible with his ordinary five senses. His ordinary senses did not detect any crisis.

‘I must leave this place…,” Mo Fan said to himself. The longer he spent here, his desire to leave strengthened. ‘I must flee this place at once!’

Mo Fan was aware that this was a trap from the beginning. He had been careful while flowing down to this place. He had deliberately slowed down when entering Divine Wood Well. He explored the place but kept an eye on the spot where he had entered so he could leave when he needed to.

Mo Fan saw the exit. Sunlight shone through the cracks of the densely-forested Divine Wood Well. The sunbeam was clearly visible, and the light had become Mo Fan’s only solace at that moment. He believed he could get out of there by following the light.

Mo Fan patted his Black Dragon Wings and flew swiftly through the branches that were so shriveled, they looked like the back of an old man’s hand. He flew higher. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The branches were shriveled and long. There were remnants of human blood and flesh on their tip as if human beings had been torn apart by them. The branches that looked like hands stretched towards Mo Fan, attempting to strangle him, poke his eyes and pull his tongue out…

Mo Fan was stunned. He was once again ablaze with divine fire and formed a fiery vortex to protect himself.

As soon as he transformed into the Flame Demon King, the surrounding branches swayed lightly. There was no sight of any claws or shriveled hands anymore. They just looked like trees.

Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!

An eerie laughter rang through the woods. The twisted textures on the tree barks looked like smiling faces, as if they were mocking Mo Fan’s fear.

Mo Fan studied the tree barks more carefully. He had thought that the smiling faces on the tree barks would disappear. To his horror, the faces became even more visible. More faces were formed on other tree barks in varying stages.Mo Fan felt as if many heads were hovering around him!

His heart skipped a beat. If they were only the souls of the undead, Mo Fan was not afraid of them. But each of the faces looked bizarre and wicked, as if they meant him harm.

Apart from the scary faces, the entire place was densely packed with heads. It was frightening.

Mo Fan had once entered the realm of dark Hell and witnessed many terrifying things. If he hadn’t had an experience, he would have been paralyzed in fear and frozen on the spot.

Mo Fan bit his tongue to calm himself. ‘Forget about everything! I am leaving!’ he resolved.

Mo Fan flew towards the sunlight. He ignored the twisted things around him and focused on escaping.

‘Damn it! Why is the forest getting denser?!’ Mo Fan cussed.

The sunlight was slowly disappearing. The plants grew rapidly and tried to cover the one spot of sunlight that shone in the forest. Mo Fan felt as though he was heading back into the woods, away from the sunlight. He felt lost.

‘How is this possible? I was flying towards the sunlight. Could there be any Chaos Formation here? It’s impossible!’ Mo Fan grew even more frightened.

He thought he was flying toward the sunlight, but he was actually flying away from it! The Chaos Element magic power was capable of reversing the order of things.

Mo Fan was a Chaos Elemental mage. Based on his level of cultivation in Chaos Element, he believed that the Divine Wood Well was not a supreme Chaos Element Mystery Realm. In fact, it was clear that this was not from Chaos Element at all, there was no involvement of any chaotic magic.

Mo Fan was convinced that there was neither Chaos Element magic power in the Divine Wood Well. He didn’t believe that he was mistaken about this.

‘Can it be…?!’ questioned Mo Fan inwardly.

Mo Fan was enlightened. He closed his eyes and focused on using his dragon sense to observe the subtle changes in the Divine Wood Well.

Indeed…

His mind was not playing any tricks on him, and there was no Chaos Element magic in these woods. The reason he found himself flying into the depths of the dense forest despite following the direction of the sunlight was because the Divine Wood Well was expanding indefinitely!

It was growing. And its speed of growth exceeded Mo Fan’s speed of flight.

It had nothing to do with its weirdness or Barrier Magic, it was because the Divine Wood Well was expanding madly!

That was hard to believe. How could Zhao Jing be in possession of such scary seedlings? Was this his true power?

Mo Fan took a deep breath. There was a strange odor in the Divine Wood Well. He wondered if the smell could harm his internal organs. But he could not possibly hold his breath forever.

Since he could not fly out of this place, he could only go deeper into it.

If the Divine Wood Well continued to expand forever, he would soon find himself hopelessly lost in it. It would be pointless even if he transformed into the Light Chaser because the sunlight had completely vanished from his sight.

The inside of the Divine Wood Well was not entirely pitch-black. The atmosphere was enveloped by a thin layer of hazy night light, like the cold moon. After spending some time in the dim moonlight, Mo Fan could gradually see things around him.

‘Damn it! I’ve been to the dark plane before, so why should I be afraid of this forest? I’d like to see what’s hidden inside,’ thought Mo Fan, gathering his courage.

He was aware that he could not escape from the Divine Wood Well. But if he lost his courage and gave in to fear, he would die here.

“F*ck! D*mn it! How dare you even want to swallow me? You should disappear into thin air! You should get out of my sight!”

Mo Fan heard a voice shouting somewhere. He recognized it to be Zhao Jing’s voice. He gathered that Zhao Jing had lost control of the Divine Wood Well and had fallen into it.

To Mo Fan, this was good news. But not for long, if Zhao Jing managed to escape these woods, Mo Fan would be trapped here forever.

Mo Fan tried to see where Zhao Jing was. Mo Fan felt that Zhao Jing was not as close to him as he sounded. It would be a waste if Mo Fan summoned his magical equipment now.

Mo Fan called back his Black Dragon Wings and Black Dragon Horn Helmet so that he could use them again if needed.

Mo Fan headed to the direction of the sound of Zhao Jing’s voice. His goal was to kill Zhao Jing no matter what. It would be even better if he could kill him inside the Divine Wood Well so that the Zhao family would not pester Mo Fan about his death.