Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2695: Thunder Flag

Mo Fan went deeper into the forest using his Shadow Elemental magic. He moved swiftly like a Night Demon Raven. The strange plants surrounding him came to a halt. They no longer laughed eerily or formed frightening faces.

But the chill from Mo Fan’s dark vein lingered, keeping his nerves tense. He must not let down his guard.

The surrounding creatures were not illusions. If he revealed his weakness, they would immediately devour him. He did not want to die at the hands of these creatures.

As he went into the depths of the Divine Wood Well, he saw a bright light. He pulled the ghostly ‘hands’ of the branches away and walked on the fallen leaves which resembled rotting flesh and bones. Mo Fan saw the Cold Lake.

The Cold Lake emitted a chilly air. There were no water ripples on its surface. In fact, there was not even the slightest bit of air ventilation in the Divine Wood Well, let alone wind. The Cold Lake remained flat and undisturbed.

‘Is this…,’ speculated Mo Fan as he saw some animals drinking water from the lake.

There were no ripples even when the animals lapped up the water from the lake. The weird thing was that the animals couldn’t seem to stop. They crouched down and kept lapping up the water as if they were under some spell.

Mo Fan walked to the edge of the lake. Although he was aware that there was something inexplicable regarding the lake and the animals behaved eerily, he could not stop himself from approaching it.

The water on the surface was calm. Mo Fan saw his reflection in it. When he looked down, there was nothing else on the surface except his reflection. He looked pale but something was wrong with his face.

In the reflection, he was grinning, revealing that unnerving smile that he had seen on the faces that formed on the tree bark!

Mo Fan took a few steps back in shock. He wondered if his subconscious was playing a trick on him. The reflection in the water wasn’t his. It couldn’t be!

If the reflection was not his, what else could it be?

Mo Fan took another deep breath to steady himself. He found the Divine Wood Well hard to understand.

“What exactly is that thing?” Mo Fan was annoyed.

Mo Fan was an atheist. He did not believe in the existence of devils.

He went to the edge of the lake again. He fixed his gaze at his own pale face reflecting from the surface of the water. This time, his reflection was not grinning. Instead, he saw himself drown in the Cold Lake. Mo Fan shivered.

Mo Fan saw himself dead. A corpse. Drowned in the Cold Lake.

His reflection opened its eyes. The corpse was in a state of fright as though he had seen something terrifying before his death. He must have faced something that crushed his perseverance and damaged his mind, he had become a child who died a tragic death, he had wailed and begged for others, yet he had never fought back…

Was the Cold Lake trying to warn Mo Fan about his future in the Divine Wood Well? Cold sweat broke out on Mo Fan’s neck.

Mo Fan was terrified. He shivered. But he decided that he would fight till the last breath to survive.

Even though he knew he was going to die, he refused to cry. Even if he died here, he would never beg for help. He would not give in so easily. He would fight till the end!

He wondered what he would encounter in the Divine Wood Well that would lead him to end up like this.

Was it too late to figure out a way and escape from all this now?

“Impossible! I can’t possibly die here. I can’t die in this place. I will get the Earth Fire Pistil. I will become the heir of the Zhao family business. I will become the Forbidden Curse mage. I will trample Gojakasa and make him regret all that he has done to me!” Zhao Jing’s scream rang out once again.

Mo Fan saw Zhao Jing by the lake, too. He must have seen his own reflection in the water and gone berserk. Mo Fan brushed away his own disturbing thoughts and approached Zhao Jing.

“You! Do you think you can kill me all by yourself?” shouted Zhao Jing.

“What did you see?” Mo Fan asked.

“Go to hell!” yelled Zhao Jing. He charged at Mo Fan like a beast as if he did not care about anything anymore. That suited Mo Fan just fine.

But Mo Fan was actually worried. Zhao Jing had grown this Divine Wood Well. Mo Fan felt unsettled by his reflection. It had seemed so real and vivid as though this was his actual future.

Seeing Zhao Jing in this state frightened Mo Fan even more. Zhao Jing must have seen his own death, too…

Zhao Jing was charging at him as though it was Mo Fan who he had seen as his death. Was it possible that the Cold Lake showed them the future?

Zhao Jing lunged at Mo Fan like a beast. Zhao Jing no longer hid his power. He charged at Mo Fan with a Thunder Flag.

The Thunder Flag expanded. Zhao Jing raised the Thunder Flag like the God of Thunder. He swung it and the Earth was reduced to a Thunder Pool laced with lightning! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The Thunder Pool was struck by lightning as thick as a pillar of sky. Mo Fan appeared as small as a grain of sand in the middle of such chaos.

“Go to hell!” Zhao Jing shouted madly. He then smashed the earth with the Thunder Flag once again.

The Thunder Pool turned into a catastrophic purgatory which could destroy all living things in the world.

Mo Fan realized that this was Zhao Jing’s strongest magic power: the Lightning Element. It would be almost impossible to withstand such destructive power.

Mo Fan summoned his Black Dragon Armor and covered himself in dragon scales. The patterns on dragon scales shone brightly in the dim moonlight. The Black Dragon Armor was possessed by a Black Dragon Soul and completed with Black Dragon Scales. Mo Fan was covered in a unique layer of glowing Immune Dragon Soul.

“Magic Immunity!”

Zhao Jing’s expression changed when he saw the glow.

Magic Immunity was a dragon’s trait. Only a certain supreme dragon scale was immune to all elements below Forbidden Curse. When one was covered in dragon scales, one was protected from physical injury. It also minimized the power of the shock wave to its lowest level.

Zhao Jing used the Thunder Flag to destroy the world. He transformed the Earth into a Thunder Pool and pierced the sky until it was filled with holes. He was using a Semi-forbidden Curse. Zhao Jing intended to kill Mo Fan with the Thunder Flag.