Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2748: Silver Thunder Titan

To say such things with arrogance, a person either had to be powerful or massively ignorant.

The magic novices of Licheng Afterglow Island were here. Although many of these people had never stepped into the outside world, the nine elderly seniors always told them that they were superior to the outsiders.

Those who had a chance to go outside to train had come back with great confidence. They always said that the strength and cultivation of people in the outside world could not compare with those in Licheng Afterglow Island.

However, what made an outsider to be so audacious as to stand here and boast without shame? It was as if he wanted to humiliate all of Licheng Afterglow Island.

“You’re asking for trouble. I have nothing else to say to you.” Eldest Granny held her special lychee cane tightly in both hands.

She drilled the end of the cane into the soil. With a slight twist, a warped soil pattern appeared on the ground and expanded towards Mo Fan’s feet.

Splat!

The soil and stones flew everywhere, and a plant-like thing slithered out with green stripes all over its body. The antlers on its raised head looked as if a dozen elks’ antlers were meshed together.

Its head resembled that of a python. When it opened its maw, it only showed a deep hole with numerous sharp wooden teeth. It had a long and thick body, and as many legs as a centipede. They weren’t just legs; they were razor-sharp claws.

The Wooden Centipede Python was terrifying. If it stood up, it was as high as a skyscraper. The wild aura emanating from the Wooden Centipede Python was more powerful than that of the Centipede Dragon at Cult Fiction.

Strange lights appeared when it moved its claws. It was as if the evening sky behind the Wooden Centipede Python was full of strange and terrifying evil spells that were cast to oppress Mo Fan’s soul!

...

Mo Fan took a few steps back, and quickly completed the final part of the ancient magic portal.

He knew that Raiju was far smaller compared to this creature and it would have a difficult time fighting something as huge as that. So, Mo Fan changed his mind at the last minute and summoned another creature from the Thousand Tribe Elf Tower.

He still combined it with the Lightning Element. The apex of the third level of the Lightning Element allowed Mo Fan to summon a higher-level creature than Raiju.

Above the clouds was the Thousand Tribe Elf Tower, and still above it were some magnificent palaces. The place was snow-white, and those palaces were shining with silver light. Compared to the common spirits under the Summoned Beast Plane, the creatures that lived here were as mighty and sacred as gods.

“Silver Thunder Titan!”

A giant figure stepped out of the ancient magic portal, and the whole mountain village trembled. It aimed a giant sword made of lightning bolts at the evening sky. The sky was brightly illuminated due to the sword’s light. Even the clouds gained a silver lining.

The Silver Thunder Titan had Silverstone Skin, and it was glowing. It was wearing a huge trench coat and holding a terrifying Giant Lightning Curved Sword. Its strong and domineering aura, and giant body spread fear.

“How does he manage to summon a stronger creature each time?” Ruan Feiyan and Shu Xiaohua were speechless.

Raiju was already a powerful creature in the Door of Summoning. Grandpa Ye had tried his best to distract Mo Fan to stop him from summoning Raiju, an ancient Lightning Element spirit and yet…

Mo Fan’s strength once again surpassed the limit of their knowledge.

Did he really just become a Super Level Mage in the Summoning Element? Why did the ancient spirits, that even some top-level summoners might not be able to summon, submit to him?

The Silver Thunder Titan had the same temper as Mo Fan. It did not like to see that terrifying thing moving in front of it.

The Silver Thunder Titan found its target right after Mo Fan summoned it. It threw its Giant Lightning Curved Sword. The sword slowly fell, appearing solemn and mighty. The people of the island were afraid that it would destroy everything.

With its free hands, it immediately grabbed the bottom half of the Wooden Centipede Python, and the Silver Thunder Titan threw it on the ground with force, just like how Granny Lan had lashed her Bronze Water Whip.

Boom!

Its attack immediately split the mountain village in half. The top of the mountain cracked, and a terrifying ravine appeared.

The Wooden Centipede Python became dizzy after the attack, but it still managed to break free from the Silver Thunder Titan with its flexible body.

The Wooden Centipede Python flew to the sky. Its long body could fly freely in the air. After a few swings of its tail, it had already flown hundreds of meters into the air. It did not fly very high, but at least it did not need to be engaged in melee combat with the Silver Thunder Titan.

The Silver Thunder Titan seemed to have seen through the Wooden Centipede Python’s strategy. Although its body was big and powerful, it wasn’t slow. It jumped to the top of the mountain.

The Giant Lightning Curved Sword he threw in the air was absorbing the Lightning Element of the earth. It had recharged its energy, and the Silver Thunder Titan jumped and took back its sword.

Clank! VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

It skillfully held the sword above its head and swung it without hesitation. Suddenly, dense lightning chains became a large white canopy.

The Giant Lightning Curved Sword slashed at the Wooden Centipede Python. The bottom half of the creature exploded, and lightning chains wrapped itself on the remaining parts of its body. When they returned to the n area of the mountain villa, the Wooden Centipede Python was burnt.

The Silver Thunder Titan did not plan to let the Wooden Centipede Python live. With its ancient wisdom, it knew the creature could regrow if it was allowed to burrow back into the ground and devour dirt and minerals.

The Silver Thunder Titan chased after the Wooden Centipede Python to the forest, and it used the uncharged Giant Lightning Curved Sword to pierce through the long body of the Wooden Centipede Python. Then, the Silver Thunder Titan sat on its head and beat it violently.

The Wooden Centipede Python resisted by spraying concentrated corrosive venom. It waved its sharp claws and tried to strangle the Silver Thunder Titan’s neck using its body.

The Silver Thunder Titan had Silverstone Skin, so it was not afraid of the concentrated corrosive venom and claws. However, the Wooden Centipede Python’s body trying to strangle its neck was troublesome. It not only hindered Silver Thunder Titan’s beating, but it also rendered the Silver Thunder Titan unable to use its spells.

But it was clear that the Wooden Centipede Python was struggling. Eldest Granny watched indifferently.

She was surprised at how easily the Silver Thunder Titan had beaten her Wooden Centipede Python. The Wooden Centipede Python did not even have the chance to hurt the arrogant Mo Fan.