Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2749: A Crazy Move

T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

“Sh*t!”Grandpa Ye cursed. He drew a Flaming Cogwheel with the Flaming Red Spear. The cogwheel grew big and spun with impossible speed. It then dashed against the Silver Thunder Titan.

The Silver Thunder Titan tilted to one side after being hit by the Flaming Cogwheel. The Wooden Centipede Python suddenly sprayed venom as thick as tar. It was sticky and slippery.

The Wooden Centipede Python was mad now. It did not care for the part of its body that it might lose. It forcibly pulled its body out of the Giant Lightning Curved Sword. The Wooden Centipede Python swayed its bloody waist and used its body to attract the surrounding fires.

The weird venom that was like tar quickly ignited. It had sprayed the venom on the Silver Thunder Titan when it was fighting. The raging fire devoured both Wooden Centipede Python and Silver Thunder Titan. The spectacular flaming oil balls even rolled towards the mountains and forests!

The Silverstone Skin of the Silver Thunder Titan cracked after being burned. The Wooden Centipede Python was not a fire-resistant creature, either. The fact that it was made of wood made it even more flammable.

The Wooden Centipede Python let the fire burn its body, and it entangled itself with the Silver Thunder Titan. It would not let the Silver Thunder Titan break free.

Mo Fan was surprised by its crazy move. It knew it could not win against the Silver Thunder Titan, so it decided to die together with it.

The Silver Thunder Titan screamed. It also did not expect the Wooden Centipede Python would use such a cruel method. The Wooden Centipede Python would die first, but the Silver Thunder Titan would also be severely injured.

Mo Fan stared at the old woman in purple clothes. She looked indifferent and seemed to admire the Wooden Centipede Python’s self-sacrificing action. It seemed like she was satisfied to see a summoned beast who could not win against the opponent use such a method to kill the enemy even if it meant that it would also die. She almost looked proud of it.

“Come back.” Mo Fan suddenly opened the ancient magic portal and returned the Silver Thunder Titan to the Thousand Tribe Elf Tower.

The flame ignited by the weird oil was still following through its body. After it went to the Forbidden Realm of the ancient magic portal, the flames were blocked outside. The Silver Thunder Titan, whose body cracked after being burned, was extremely angry.

As an ancient god of war, it hated such a vicious creature. Even if he had to die together with the Wooden Centipede Python, it would not give in. However, Mo Fan couldn’t watch it burn to death. Many summoners did not care about the creatures they summoned from the Dimensional Summoning, but Mo Fan did..

The Summoned Beast Plane was a world in another dimension. The lives of creatures there were precious. Since the beasts and Mo Fan had reached a consensus to help each other out, they were his employees in a manner of speaking. He could not let them die so brutally. He refused to use them as cannon fodders.

......

“Hahaha, you aren’t even able to maintain the ancient magic portal for a short period. How do you expect to fight us?” Seventh Granny in dark-green clothes laughed.

Mo Fan opened his Door of Contract. The blazing fire illuminated his face and showed his confident smile.

“Little Flame Belle,” he called. “It seems like they love using fire. Could you show them what a real fire looks like?”

The Door of Contract opened, and palm-sized fire maple leaves fluttered out from inside. They covered the entire mountain in a few seconds like a fiery carpet.

At a glance, they looked bright and beautiful. But when a willowy and noble flame-witch stepped out of the Contracted Space, the fiery blanket began burning ferociously.

The sun had just set, and darkness fell. But the Goddess of Flame Belle fell on the island like a rising sun. The fire clouds and fire maple leaves on the ground made the Licheng Afterglow Island burn brighter than the sun. The vast sky and the boundless sea were dyed fiery red.

“C-Contract Summoning?” Le Nan, Du Mei, Shu Xiaohua, and the others were all flabbergasted.

They had never seen Mo Fan use Contract Summoning. Everyone had assumed that the Royal Pattern Wolf was his Contracted Beast. They realized now that his actual Contracted Beast was the Goddess of Flame Belle herself.

She was the strongest Heaven Fire in the world. There were many kings of elemental elves in the Thousand Tribe Elf Tower. One of them was the Fire Elf King. The strength of the Goddess of Flame Belle was not far behind the Fire Elf King. Mo Fan did not need to summon her through the ancient magic portal.

“Your Wooden Centipede Python seems to like fire, so let my Little Flame Belle help it.” Mo Fan smiled.

The Wooden Centipede Python had stopped secreting the weird oil venom after the Silver Thunder Titan returned to the ancient magic portal and was using the soil to extinguish the fire around its body.

However, Mo Fan did not plan to let it go that easily. Goddess of Flame Belle extended her slender arm and pointed at the flames on the Wooden Centipede Python that had not extinguished yet.

.

Suddenly, the fire maple leaves all over the mountain flew up into the sky like butterflies. They whooshed towards the Wooden Centipede Python and wrapped around it.

The fire ignited and burned. The fire maple leaves glowed with an even hotter Heaven Fire, and they devoured the Wooden Centipede Python’s body.

The Wooden Centipede Python was tortured by the fire just moments ago. But that was nothing compared to what it went through now.

The screams of the Wooden Centipede Python reverberated around Licheng Afterglow Island’s Mountain villa. It turned into a large flaming thing and rolled from the top of the mountain to the bottom. Eventually, it reached the valley.

There was a river in the valley, and the water there was icy. The Wooden Centipede Python lived in this cold and humid place. It wanted to use the icy water to put out flames on its body. However, the Heaven Fire did not give in to the icy water.

The fire was unyielding. The fire burrowed through the Wooden Centipede Python’s cracked, festering armor and began to burn its vital organs. It did not take long for the fire to fill its body. The Wooden Centipede Python could no longer scream in agony. It began to curl up into a ball instinctively.

The fire was unrelenting. Even the river dried up with the heat. There was a charred wooden screw thread at the source of the river. It was what was left of the Wooden Centipede Python. After being burned, it was no different from charcoal.

Eldest Granny’s face twitched. She thought the Wooden Centipede Python’s ruthlessness could kill Mo Fan’s summoned beast. However, she had not expected him to summon a stronger creature to burn the Wooden Centipede Python to a crisp.

The Wooden Centipede Python was Eldest Granny’s Contracted Beast. Its death also had an impact on her soul. Eldest Granny had felt the pain the Wooden Centipede Python experienced before it died. She had experienced the feeling of being burned by fire, too.