Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2763: The Provocation of the Squid King

Mo Fan and Song Fei Yao both had lingering fears, but fortunately, the Green East Sea God flew up in time. They went to a place where the Strange Lump Squid King could not attack.

The Strange Lump Squid King’s vicious aura made it clear that it would not allow any humans within ten kilometers of it to survive.

“Let’s go. There’s no need to waste time with this demon,” Mo Fan hurriedly said to Green East Sea God.

The Strange Lump Squid King kept raising its pointed head, and its fully protruding eyes stared at Green East Sea God in the sky. It seemed to be able to sense the presence of Mo Fan and Song Feiyao.

Suddenly, the Strange Lump Squid King opened its maw, which seemed like a small crack in a huge cave. Mo Fan and Song Feiyao thought it would spray deadly venom toward the Green East Sea God but it only spat out a few white bones towards them.

These bones did not harm the Green East Sea God, but the action was full of contempt and provocation.

Those bones belonged to the Mages of the Sacred Hall of Liberty, whom the Strange Lump Squid King had swallowed just now. The Strange Lump Squid King was mocking Green East Sea God and provoking Mo Fan and Song Feiyao by spitting out the bones towards them.

The Green East Sea God did have a temper. The Strange Lump Squid King was just a squid in the sea, which only dared to move at the bottom of the ocean. And yet it acted like it was so formidable on land and looked down on the eagle king that flew above the sea.

“Damn it! If this mission wasn’t urgent, I would jump down there and slaughter it! Then, I will bake it and make a nice squid omelet for myself,” said Mo Fan angrily. How dare the creature mock him?

“Forget it. There are many Hunter Dirty Demons around it. We can’t kill all of them in one go,” Song Feiyao said.

The Moon Moth Phoenix which stood on Mo Fan’s shoulders was afraid of the Strange Lump Squid King. It was even more scared that Mo Fan would let his anger get the better of him and fight it. So, the Moon Moth Phoenix cast a calming magic around Mo Fan.Mo Fan took a deep breath and stood at the tail of Green East Sea God. Then, he made a beheading gesture toward the Strange Lump Squid King.

However, the Strange Lump Squid King also was unrelenting. It chased after the direction of flying Green East Sea God through the land below.

When Green East Sea God flew over a mountain, the Strange Lump Squid King climbed it as well. The mountain almost shattered under its rigid body, and the rocks rolled down in all directions.

...... VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The Strange Lump Squid King chased after Green East Sea God for more than ten kilometers and then they finally lost it. But on a hill, they could still see the Strange Lump Squid King at the highest point, making threatening gestures towards them.

The Green East Sea God stared icily at the creature for a while and ignored it.

...

The Green East Sea God’s eyes were sharp. At an altitude of thousands of meters, it could still see those tiny creatures on the road even if countless clouds were blocking its vision.

It was indeed convenient for Mo Fan. He could observe the entire Hawaiian Islands from a relatively safe area. Otherwise, he might have been dragged by a group of Ocean demons if he was on land.

“Mo Fan, a group of people is in the north of Honolulu. They walk carefully and covertly,” Song Feiyao said.

The Green East Sea God had good eyesight. From the current height, all Mo Fan could see was just a bumpy green plate even if no clouds were blocking the entire thousands of square kilometers of the island. Even the towering mountain range seemed to be indistinct folds in his eyes.

“Let’s get in touch with them. Maybe those people came on a rescue mission like us. I wonder if they have any news about Commander Hua,” said Mo Fan.

...

When flying down, the closer Mo Fan got to the ground, the more shocked he got. A group of Ocean Demons had occupied Honolulu. It was common to see a Blue Haired Ocean Demon holding a strange coral cane. It had silver scales covering its whole body. It looked like a thin woman in a silver leather coat with fluttering blue hair from a distance.

When he took a closer look, he realized that this blue-haired humanoid Ocean Demon had an ugly salamander face, and its webbed feet were as large as Bigfoot’s.

These Blue-Haired Female Demons often rode on a Deep-Sea Lizard Dragon Demon that could gallop on land while holding the coral cane. A large group of undersea monsters surrounded them.

From time to time, several commanders of Hunter Dirty Demons with strange silver-blue lights all over their bodies came from a distance, making strange sounds. The Blue-Haired Female Demons ordered all the undersea monsters to move towards the commanders of Hunter Dirty Demons.

There were quite a few such Blue-Haired Female Demons and undersea monster corps. They were in the surroundings of Honolulu, and they considered this Hawaiian City an important investigative target. Everywhere they passed was destroyed, leaving a mess behind.

The group of people that the Green East Sea God discovered seemed to be avoiding these Blue-Haired Female Demons. They planned to retreat deeper into the forests along a valley north of Honolulu.

Mo Fan realized that no matter how powerful the human group was, they had to keep a low profile after entering Hawaii. They were very quiet and careful. The number of the army of Ocean Demons in Hawaii exceeded anybody’s expectations. It was as if the Ocean Demons had made this their home.

‘Fortunately, Zhang Xiaohou had destroyed the Underwater Underground River Tunnel leading to the Bo Sea. Otherwise, the army of Ocean Demons would constantly enter China’s Bo Sea from the Underwater Underground River Tunnel. Maybe we can escape through the Underground River Tunnel and return to Bo Sea, if need be,’ thought Mo Fan.

When Zhang Xiaohou was looking for the Dragon King Ant, he accidentally discovered the Underwater Underground River that could lead to the middle of the Pacific Ocean. The large Ocean Demons could not pass through the underground river after the silver mines destroyed it, but humans might be able to go through the gap.

Besides, Mo Fan was a Space Element Mage. As long as there were some cracks where the underground river had collapsed, Mo Fan could teleport people to the other end by jumping in these spaces.

Mo Fan had heard Zhang Xiaohou mention that some Ocean Demons were still gushing out of the Underground River Tunnel. However, there were not many of them, and they were only small Ocean Demons.

After the Underwater Underground River Tunnel collapsed, the Ocean Godly Horde had given up that route.

“Let’s hurry and find Commander Hua,” said Mo Fan.

...

Mo Fan approached the valley. Song Feiyao and Green East Sea God remained in the air. He did not want to be targeted by Ocean Demons on land but he thought this arrangement was the safest. Song Feiyao and the Green East Sea God could investigate the situation around Honolulu from the air.

Among the Ocean Demons, many could fly. The Giant Shark Beasts were constantly patrolling like hot air balloons.