Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2769: The Descending of the God of Sword

??

The poisonous fog enveloped the area. It was only after the Squid King barged into the Black Totem Snake’s territory that it realized it had fallen into Mo Fan’s trap.

However, the Squid King did not panic because of its invincible strength. It stared at Mo Fan begrudgingly and slammed its powerful tentacles at the square avenue. It wanted to smash Mo Fan into pieces.

Meanwhile, Mo Fan remained motionless in his place.

The Black Totem Snake attacked. It swung its tail at the Squid King’s tentacles before its tentacles reached Mo Fan. Then, the Black Totem Snake slammed at the Squid King, creating a loud thwack.

The Squid King crashed onto the buildings. The buildings were reduced to dust. The Black Totem Snake’s strength was comparable to the Squid King’s. The Black Totem Snake was larger than the Squid King. The Black Totem Snake moved between the buildings and approached the Squid King. It wrapped itself around the Squid King and squeezed.

The Squid King found it hard to move its tentacles. The Squid King was a little dizzy after the Black Totem Snake had slammed it with its tail. It took a while for it to realize that the Black Totem Snake in the middle of the fog was a Supreme Ruler.

The Black Totem Snake decided to use the most primitive method of attack: biting.

The Black Totem Snake bit a large part of the Squid King’s monstrous flesh. The Squid King’s ink blue blood gushed out and splattered on the buildings. When the blood hit the buildings and the pavement, they started melting.

The Squid King’s blood got onto the Black Totem Snake’s skin. But its scales were too tough and impervious to any kind of poison. In fact, The Black Totem Snake’s poison was more lethal that The Squid King’s which was why it had decided to bite the monstrous beast.

The Squid King struggled. Its tentacles had often been of advantage in fights because enemies usually found it very difficult to fight the multiple tentacles.

However, the Black Totem Snake had bound its head, body and tentacles with its snake spell. The Squid King could not break itself free of the Black Totem Snake.

The poisonous snake gas permeated in the air. If the Squid King was trapped within the Black Totem Snake’s territory filled with poisonous gas for a very long time, the Squid King would turn stiff and die of necrosis.

“Well done! Big guy, don’t let it get a chance to catch its breath. Kill it!” said Mo Fan.

The Squid King grew more furious when it heard Mo Fan’s voice. It had fallen into the despicable and shameless human’s trap! Single combat, civilized fight, and the code of a mage had been all nonsense!

The Black Totem Snake’s kept constricting. The Squid King was squeezed so hard that some of its blood vessels began to explode.

Reading on Mybo xno vel. com ,Please! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“Be careful of the Squid King’s Lump Thorns!” Jiang Yu warned them.

The Squid King was covered in strange lumps. The lumps exploded as the Black Totem Snake’s constricted, revealing tiny poisonous thorns. As the lumps exploded, the Squid King became smaller and attacked the Black Totem Snake with its tentacles.

The Squid King was the strongest among the Ruler-level Ocean Demons. It was not an easy feat to kill it. The Squid King shrunk, and its Lump Thorns grew drastically. It soon transformed into a sea urchin covered in thorns.

It was hard to imagine a soft-bodied creature transforming into a sea urchin to defend itself in times of crisis. Perhaps, the Squid King and its kind were often prey to other enormous sea creatures. They had evolved and adapted to shrinking itself, exploding its lumps, and growing thorns.

Usually, the Black Totem Snake’s scales were indestructible. However, the Squid King’s Lump Thorns were bizarre. The endpoints were so sharp that it could easily pierce any hard object.

The Black Totem Snake was no exception. It stopped squeezing the Squid Sea Urchin monster.

The Black Totem Snake began to relax its long body, and the Squid Sea Urchin Monster took advantage of the opportunity to break itself free from it. The Squid King quickly slipped out through the gap. Its hard Lump Thorns softened and slipped through the gap.

The streets were filled with its remnants. A ball of soft object was wriggling. It looked like a chewed bubble gum rolling on the floor. Its color was strange, and its body was enormous.

The Black Totem Snake glided along the buildings to chase after the deformed Squid King. Whenever the Black Totem Snake launched an attack, the Squid King became fully armed and hardened its soft Lump Thorns. No matter what the Black Totem Snake spat at it, the Squid King was immune to its poison.

The Squid King wanted to escape. It was aware that it was no match for the Black Totem Snake. It had been too careless and fallen into the despicable human’s trap.

Mo Fan chased after the Squid King. He attacked it with several powerful magical powers. However, the Squid King was immune to most of his power. For a moment, Mo Fan and the Black Totem Snake did not know how to defeat it.

If they let it escape, the Squid King would return and kill them. By then, the Squid King would bring along its Ocean Demon army as reinforcement, and its army would overwhelm them. It would become too difficult to kill it.

“Mo Fan, you can’t kill the Squid King with a rod. You have to cut it!” Jiang Yu warned him.

“I don’t have a large blade to cut it!” said Mo Fan.

“Use slashing type magical power. You can cast Chaos elemental magic spells, can’t you? Use Chaos Slashing Blade,” suggested Jiang Yu.

“But my level of cultivation for the Chaos element is too low. I don’t think I can slash the Squid King,” Mo Fan said with a little embarrassment.

“Then…”

Before Jiang Yu finished speaking, a bone-chilling light glowed outside the city. The light was much brighter than the usual sharp slashing magical power. It was like a Titan’s heavenly sword. The sword surface was so thin that it could split anything in a single slash!

Before Mo Fan and Jiang Yu recovered their senses, the Squid King’s soft body had been slashed into several pieces. It was cut so neatly that one would have thought the slasher was a highly skilled chef.

Mo Fan was puzzled. He turned around, only to see that more than half of the city behind him had been split in three cuts.

Mo Fan looked at the person who had cast the spell. He saw Pang Lai in a grayish white robe and his beard was fluttering. He radiated a murderous intent. Pang Lai was the one who had slashed the Squid King.

He was a Super Level Light element saint…

Pang Lai had slashed the Squid King like the God of Sword!