Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2773: Moon Moth Phoenix vs Stingray King

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The glow of Moon Moth Phoenix slowly spread to the surroundings. Soon, it lit up the top of Silver-Blue Valley City and changed. A pair of wings, a slender body, and an antenna appeared.

Stingrays had occupied the city and caused it to have a foul atmosphere. With the increasing number of flying, shapeshifting spirits, the stingray army that occupied the sky above the city began to retreat.

Those spirits were the Little Spirit Moths that always accompanied the Moon Moth Phoenix. These Spirit Moths were significantly more massive than the Guardian Spirit Moths in Fanxue Mountain. Their wings were thin and soft, but at the critical moment, they would turn into blades that could cut through the enemy. The glow on their bodies was like an armor made by moonlight that fully protected them. They were Combat Spirit Moths.

The Spirit Moths reproduced quickly. With the blessing of the Queen—Moon Moth Phoenix—Spirit Moths had grown significantly in Fanxue Mountain. There were spirit moths of various abilities. Some spread pollen; some collected information; some worked hard; and some nourished plants.

They were like a mini country of their own. When a country owned land and had workers, it naturally possessed an army. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Compared with those black stingrays, Armed Spirit Moths looked much weaker. However, Armed Spirit Moths were skilled at using spells. They could fight against the arrogant and powerful stingrays with their special skills.

The glow from the Armed Spirit Moths grew stronger and brighter. From the ground, it looked like a giant butterfly bursting with divine energy. It covered Silver-Blue Valley City with its body and blocked the invasion of the Stingray Legion.

It became difficult for the Stingray Legion to go further. Right then, the Stingray King sent out a vibration like a sound wave from its position up high in the sky. The stingrays which were flying everywhere then formed an orderly queue.

The shape they made together looked like a huge diamond. When they flew in mid-air in such a uniform formation, they were comparable to a large and spectacular honor guard. They flew under the Stingray King like a military parade.

There was a buzzing sound. The stingrays flew densely and built a black fortress in the air. The fins of all stingrays produced a strange tremor which culminated into a terrifying shock wave.

The shock wave produced by the fins continued to build. It changed from a tremor to a terrifying sweep of destruction toward Armed Spirit Moths and Silver-Blue Valley City.

The buildings of Silver-Blue Valley City were of different heights. Although the buildings were not in order, they were still organized. The streets were also planned to be laid out in an orderly fashion. It was rare to have such a resort town where modernity and tranquility coexisted. After the shock wave produced by the fins attacked the well-preserved Silver-Blue Valley City, those buildings turned into powder in an instant.

The sound waves of the stingrays’ fins rose above everything. The moths who heard it felt a tingling pain in their heads and could not hear any other sound. The place turned into dust.

The shock wave also attacked the Armed Moth Army of the Moon Moth Phoenix. They wore the Sacred Moonlight Armor, which made them impregnable. Many of them together looked very majestic. But after the shock wave produced by the fins struck, the Sacred Moonlight Armor on the Armed Spirit Moths shattered. Their bodies became as thin as paper scattered.

The Stingray King proudly circled above the Moon Moth Phoenix as if amused.

Reading on Mybo xn o v el. com ,Please!

The Moon Moth Phoenix was indifferent. Its bright and light body flew in the air and left many afterimages.

The Stingray Legion did not care about the afterimages at first, but when the Moon Moth Phoenix flapped its wings, all the afterimages of the Moon Moth Phoenix flew fiercely to the Stingray Legion that formed the fortress.

The fortress formed by stingrays was sturdy. If these afterimages focused on attacking a small area, it would do no damage at all. If they spread out and attacked the entire fortress, they would not be able to injure and kill every stingray. However, the Moon Moth Phoenix did not want to kill the stingrays that formed a fortress. Its target was the tails of these stingrays. A stingray’s tail was long and looked like a curved kite string.

The afterimages flew past and cut many of the stingrays’ tails. These tails fell from the sky like rain.

The tailless stingrays could not balance themselves in the air. They had been able to produce such a terrifying wave of destruction because they matched the frequency of the vibration of their tail and their wings. To maintain such a consistent frequency, they flew orderly and densely to transmit the vibration to ensure that all the stingrays were at the same pace. Without the tails, the stingrays could not fly in balance, so they could not receive the frequency of the vibration of other companions’ wings.

So, the terrifying shock wave weakened. It was so weak that it could not even destroy the greenbelt of Silver-Blue Valley City.

The Stingray King was no longer proudly hovering in the sky. It looked down at the Moon Moth Phoenix. Although it was impossible to see its face clearly, its metallic black body exuded a cold and angry aura.

Moon Moth Phoenix was not afraid at all. Its scattering Armed Spirit Moths quickly returned to make a Star Formation. The Moon Moth Phoenix was like the bright moon in the midsummer night sky. Stars all over the sky surrounded it, and the bright and holy light illuminated the whole sky and earth.

The Stingray King was like thick, dark, and dense clouds. The clouds tried to completely cover the stars and moonlight, plunging the entire world into darkness as cold and silent as the bottom of an abyss.

Finally, the Armed Spirit Moth and Stingray Legion were mixed. The white Spirit Moths and black stingrays were distinctively different in colors. The only common color between them was the color of blood, a shockingly bright red.

The Moon Moth Phoenix and the Stingray King fought. Moon Moth Phoenix’s strength had become as equal as its previous generations. When it fully matured, it could easily fight a demon like Black Totem Snake.

...

Ye Mei looked in awe as she saw the Moon Moth Phoenix intercept the terrifying army of Stingray King above the Silver-Blue Valley City. If it were an army of mages, it would be difficult to resist the power of the Stingray King.

She remembered what Mo Fan had said. One person was equivalent to a rescue team. It seemed like he was not bragging.