Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2775: Lizard Demon Dragon Troop

The big Aquarius Magic Formation shattered under the trampling of the Eight-Headed Serpent. Even the mountain valley almost sank to the deeper ground under its terrifying power.

Boom!

It was another full-blown stomping. The body of the Eight-Headed Serpent was like a giant mountain. It was not slender like its heads and necks. Its destructive power was comparable to that of the ancient demons. It could make the earth sink, as if the Eight-Headed Serpent was born for destruction!

The crowd gathered together. They looked so small in front of the Eight-Headed Serpent.

Pang Lai looked solemn. He was trying to think of a solution which would let all of them escape to safety. He doubted they could win against the creature. They would have died without the Aquarius Magic Formation, but this was even worse.

There were countless enemies in all directions, and everyone seemed to be on a fragile reef. Tides of demons came from every direction.

“Chief, Deputy Chief, you bring the others out from the valley entrance. The four of us will start the Wind Tribulation!” Bei Shou, one of the Guards of the Four Directions, said firmly.

“You all go. I’ll start the Wind Tribulation.” Pang Lai made his decision.

“Chief, if we work together…” a middle-aged Great Mage said.

“I have decided. The Eight-Headed Serpent is an ancient demon. no one here can compete with it. While there is still a little residual energy in the Aquarius, you guys get out through the valley entrance. I’ll hold the Eight-Headed Serpent off and open the way for you,” said Pang Lai.

“How about I hold the Eight-Headed Serpent off, and you all escape?” Mo Fan hesitated.

Mo Fan did not want Pang Lai to die. He respected Pang Lai and he couldn’t bear to see him in danger.

“Just because I stay back doesn’t mean I might die, Mo Fan,” said Pang Lai with a smile. “You don’t have to think so much. Listen to me. I know you still have some cards in your hand, but we haven’t even found Commander Hua. If we use it for our safety and escape, what is the point of us coming here?”

“But that creature is scary.” Mo Fan glanced at the Eight-Headed Serpent above his head.

The Eight-Headed Serpent had already crushed the valley and the city. All of them gathered together and used the remaining position of the bottle mouth to protect themselves.

“Mo Fan, let the Totem out. We’ll escape first,” Pang Lai said again.

“Chief, even with that Moon Moth Phoenix Totem, it would be difficult for us to get rid of the Ocean Demons army. Everyone should work together…” Ye Mei said.

“Stop talking nonsense. Do it!” Pang Lai ordered.

Pang Lai had made up his mind, so the others could not disobey. They all focused on the entrance of the valley positioned at the mouth of the bottle.

The Ocean Demons seemed to know that the Aquarius Magic Formation was about to break, so they approached from all directions of the valley. The Eight-Headed Serpent did not trample recklessly anymore in fear that the Ocean Demons’ army dared not approach this group of humans.

If the Aquarius Magic Formation broke, these humans were no different from the dead.

...

Finally, the mouth of the Aquarius broke. Mo Fan also knew this was not the time for doubts. He touched the Totem Orb and released the Black Totem Snake.

The poisonous fog filled the air first. In less than a minute, the green poisonous fog of the Black Totem Snake had filled the valley entrance.

After eating the highly poisonous Squid King, the Black Totem Snake seemed to have become even more poisonous. The color of the poisonous fog was so intense that it almost looked black. As the poisonous fog spread, groups of Ocean Demons became numb and fell to the ground, paralyzed.

Ye Mei, Guards of Four Directions, three Great Mages in similar attire, and other Royal Mages were happy. The poisonous fog seemed to be very effective against Ocean Demons. Even Commander-Level creatures were avoiding the fog.

“Hey, help us open a way,” Mo Fan said to the Black Totem Snake.

The Black Totem Snake was powerful. It stretched out its body and almost occupied half of the valley entrance. It was very fast, too. When it moved, its contact shattered the rocks and mountain walls.

The army blocking the valley entrance was the Seaweed-Haired Female Demon and the Deep-Sea Lizard Demon Dragon Troop. The ordinary Lizard Demon Dragon were hybrid dragons. They inherited the terrifying reproduction ability of the deep-sea lizards. Every spring, some isolated Pacific islands would have countless eggs of deep-sea lizards.

The number of creatures with dragon blood would gradually decrease due to the massive reproduction. The purer the bloodline, the greater the influence.

The Lizard Demon Dragon had made up for the shortcomings of most of the Hybrid Dragons, Pseudo-Dragons, and Sub-Dragons. Due to the strong physical advantage of dragon blood, the Lizard Demon Dragon Empire was formed in the middle of the Pacific Ocean!

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The IQ of the Lizard Demon Dragon was not high, but there was a creature that formed a mutually beneficial symbiosis with them. It was the Seaweed-Haired Female Demons. Many marine countries hated these sinister and vicious women in the deep sea. Not only were they cruel, but they were also obsessed with attacking things and places.

Every Seaweed-Haired Female Demon was equivalent to the leader of a Lizard Demon Dragon Troop. The Seaweed-Haired Female Demons would endlessly wage war against every creature other than their race, and they particularly liked cities with humans. Most of the coastal cities in foreign countries vanished overnight, thanks to these Seaweed-Haired Female demons and Deep-Sea Lizard Demon Dragon.

They seemed to be created for war. They even relied on war to reduce their terrifying ability of over-breeding and gave other Deep-Sea Lizard Demon Dragons a stable living space.

Seaweed-Haired Female Demon led the Deep-Sea Lizard Demon Dragon Troop of their own level of strength and power.

A Purple-Haired Female Demon blocked the valley entrance. It led a thousand Lizard Demon Dragon Troop of ten Blue-Haired Female Demons. It also had an elite Lizard Demon Dragon Troop composed entirely of Commander-level Tyrant Lizard Demon Dragons and ruler-level Giant Lizard Dragons.

Tens and thousands of large Lizard Demon Dragons filled the valley and the area outside. It was terrifying to see.

The greenish-black poisonous fog spread along the narrow valley, and the Black Totem Snake remained in the fog. It did not reveal all of itself at once.

It carried a poisonous fog and shrouded the valley entrance that had tens and thousands of Deep-Sea Lizard Demon Dragon Troops. Groups of Lizard Demon Dragon fell and almost filled the lake with corpses.

The Lizard Demon Dragon Troop was going forward bravely, but they had to retreat in the face of sudden mass death.