Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2776: Divine Wind Sickle

A Blue-Haired Female Demon’s Thousand Lizard Demon Dragon Troop blocked the Black Totem Snake from moving forward. The Black Totem Snake suddenly flipped forward and slapped its huge tail on the Thousand Lizard Demon Dragon Troop.

The Lizard Demon Dragons died. The strength of the tail was something these low-level Ocean Demons could not bear at all. Even if they had hard skin with dragon blood, they still could not withstand the attack.

The Black Totem Snake took a deep breath, and its abdomen and neck expanded slightly. Suddenly, it opened its mouth and spat. A giant green light shot out in a straight line. The spitting of Green Snake Light had no destructive power on rocks and plants, and it looked like a light that swept across harmlessly. However, the Lizard Demon Dragons melted.

Their bodies, including their bones, melted and turned into puddles. All that remained was the skin of the Lizard Demon Dragons.

The Green Snake Light spread over a wide area, and the Lizard Demon Dragon Troop suffered heavy casualties. The mighty army was dying.

Ye Mei, Guards of Four Directions, Great Mages, and the Royal Mages were shocked when they saw the Black Totem Snake clear the way.

Ye Mei thought Mo Fan would summon the Moon Moth Phoenix that blocked the stingrays previously to assist everyone in the fight. She had expected that to help them clear a way. However, Mo Fan had summoned a Supreme Ruler. The destructive power of the Black Totem Snake was many times higher than the power of the Moon Moth Phoenix. The Black Totem Snake used the poisonous fog and powerful strength to kill most of the Lizard Demon Dragon Troop.

The Black Totem Snake was powerful. The Lizard Demon Dragon Troop was a relatively powerful and ferocious combat troop, too. However, it still could not withstand the attack of the Black Totem Snake.

The Eight-Headed Serpent at the back of the valley turned all its heads toward the valley’s entrance because of the destructive aura. Some of its necks had gills, and they were all open, as if they had encountered something that could threaten the powerful existence of a demon like itself. The Eight-Headed Serpent seemed to be getting serious in this fight now!

The Black Totem Snake turned around. It used its tail to sweep away the small obstacles in front and raised its head to stare at the Eight-Headed Serpent.

The eight heads of the Eight-Headed Serpent made a sound like thunder and rushed toward the Black Totem Snake. When its huge body moved, it looked as if eight terrifying and ferocious heads were dragging one mountain behind it. The small city could not stand such devastation.

“Nine Realms of Wind Tribulation.”

After the Eight-Headed Serpent broke into Silver-Blue Valley City, Pang Lai’s solemn voice suddenly overwhelmed everything.

Pang Lai in white robes was suspended in the middle of the valley. The light on his body was bright enough to illuminate the entire place. He looked like a god!

The wind from different dimensions raged in the sky and filled up the vast world at a stretch. Their silhouettes were clear. They were Divine Wind Sickles and were cutting this plane!

The power of the Divine Wind Sickles was infinite. Even the destroyer, the Eight-Headed Serpent, dared not easily step into the nine realms cut by the Divine Wind Sickles. In the Nine Realms of Wind Tribulation, all creatures would be cut by the terrifying wind sickle continuously.

The Eight-Headed Serpent was not afraid of the Black Totem Snake and rushed to it fiercely. However, it was scary when facing Pang Lai’s Nine Realms of Wind Tribulation.

It tried to use some relatively solid parts to break away the Nine Realms of Wind Tribulation, but the Divine Wind Sickles cut them off easily. A large piece of its body fell to the ground!

It made the Eight-Headed Serpent even angrier. It wanted to shred the Black Totem Snake, but a mere human’s powerful Nine Realms of Wind Tribulation blocked its way.

Suddenly, the Eight-Headed Serpent transferred all his anger to Pang Lai in the middle of the valley. Pang Lai was alone. Even if his cultivation was extremely high, standing in front of the demon was the same as courting death.

The Eight-Headed Serpent was hovering at a place the Divine Wind Sickles could not reach. It knew that the old human man would not dare to swing the Divine Wind Sickles too much as it would only expose the Divine Wind Sickles to the attacks of all demons.

Pang Lai used the Nine Realms of Wind Tribulation to block the attacks. He also used the killing trajectory of the Divine Wind Sickles to protect himself and prevent the powerful demons from approaching.

...

“Hey, ignore that demon. Help us out first,” Mo Fan said to the Black Totem Snake.

Not many creatures in this world dared to provoke the Black Totem Snake. The Eight-Headed Serpent was an ancient demon and a natural destroyer, but the Black Totem Snake was not an ordinary creature. For thousands of years, the black snake had always been the ancestor of snakes. The Eight-Headed Serpent was not as pure in its bloodline as the Black Totem Snake.

The Black Totem Snake was rational. It did not rush into a fight. They were in Hawaii. Sooner or later, the fight would come to it, anyway.

The Seaweed-Haired Female Demon and Lizard Demon Dragon Troop realized that there was a Supreme Ruler snake in the poisonous fog, so they immediately summoned the commander-level Lizard Demon Dragons and Giant Lizard Dragons.

There were seven Giant Lizard Dragons, all of which were ruler-level creatures. They lined up in a row and stood in front of the Lizard Demon Dragon Troop. Around the Giant Lizard Dragons, there was a circle of commander-level Tyrant Lizard Demon Dragons with equally robust and ferocious bodies. There were more than a hundred of them. They were a lot taller than the Lizard Demon Dragons.

However, they were just lizards to the Black Totem Snake. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The seven ruler-level Giant Lizard Dragons were larger lizards, while more than a hundred commander-level Tyrant Lizard Demon Dragons were smaller lizards. The vast Lizard Demon Dragon Troop behind them was nothing but small fleas.

When the Black Totem Snake was quiet, it was a lazy and noble water snake in the West Lake. It was harmless to humans and animals and as docile as a pet. However, it showed a completely different temperament when it was killing and fighting. Its terrifying and cold aura was strong enough to traumatize anyone.

The seven ruler-level Giant Lizard Dragons stood closely together, but none of them dared to attack first. The Black Totem Snake opened its mouth to bite a ruler-level Giant Lizard Dragon. Then, it threw it to slam against several other Giant Lizard Dragons.

Other Giant Lizard Dragons roared. A Purple-Haired Female Demon sang a strange song, they all glowed with red light and rushed to the Black Totem Snake together.