Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2784: Not Everyone

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Big guy, let me handle the fire.” Mo Fan charged into the blazing flames.

He stood above the Black Totem Snake’s head and spread his arms. He moved his arms above his head. The soul shadow of the Divine Bird Wings appeared over his head. Mo Fan was ablaze, as if he would transform into a Divine Phoenix at any time and soar up into the sky.

The moment Mo Fan clasped his hands, the Chongming Divine Bird’s luminous flame spread through the entire mountain valley. The Eight-headed Serpent spat out black-brown lava flame and ash blue venomous flame. But the Chongming Divine Bird’s luminous flame extinguished them.

Even though both were fighting with Fire element, the two magic were in contrast to each other. If Mo Fan had not achieved the Great Heaven Seed along with Little Flame Belle who had obtained the Heavenly Tribulation Holy Flame, it would not have been possible for him to fight the Eight-headed Serpent’s Lava Flame and Venomous Flame.

Mo Fan’s Chongming Divine Fire and Little Flame Belle’s Heavenly Tribulation Holy Flame were the strongest flames on Earth. Mo Fan pushed his glorious Fire element magical power to the point that it wounded the Eight-Headed Serpent.

The Black Totem Snake was within Mo Fan’s and Little Flame Belle’s flames. However, it did not feel any heat. Mo Fan had deliberately controlled his Fire element power so that it was immune to his flames.

The Black Totem Snake relaxed its enormous body. When it saw the Eight-headed Serpent retreat, the Black Totem Snake lunged at it.

The snake patterns on its scales glowed green. When the snake patterns connected in mysterious light traces, the Black Totem Snake’s aura transformed. It glowed in green holy light and its body became transparent like an emerald jade immortal stone. It no longer looked like a primitive ancient beast. Instead, it looked like a holy snake—the protector of the pure land after absorbing the essence of the sun and the moon.

The Black Totem Snake was different from the Eight-headed Serpent.

When the Black Totem Snake unleashed its true totem power, it was filled with holiness. Even the surrounding venomous gas glowed slightly like fairy mist.

The Eight-headed Serpent, on the other hand, was filled with primitive devilish violence. It was born to be brutal. Its nature was to hate all living things on the Earth. The Eight-headed Serpent destroyed all living beings if allowed to roam free. The reason the Japanese emperors worshiped in the old days was because the emperor himself appreciated such destruction for power.

When the emperor was overthrown, the Eight-headed Serpent vanished from the Pacific Ocean. It then joined with the Ocean Demons. Its ambition of killing all the living things on this Earth remained intact. The Eight-headed Serpent appeared whenever there was a war.

The Black Totem Snake approached the Eight-headed Serpent for one-on-one combat.

......

The Eight-headed Serpent had an upper hand because it had done much damage to the Black Totem Snake in its last attack.

The Black Totem Snake glided along the mountain range outside the valley. It sometimes glided on the ground, sometimes clung onto the mountain wall, sometimes roamed in the air…

Whenever it passed by, it left a terrifying green trace, as if God was painting a huge portrait with a brush dipped in divine green paint. The painting possessed endless power that was capable of annihilating demons in this world.

“Bam! Bam!”

The Black Totem Snake’s formation trapped the Eight-headed Serpent within the mountain valley. The terrifying Green Totem Divine formation dissolved the Eight-headed Serpent’s strange skin and scales.

When the Eight-headed Serpent’s skin was exposed, it ulcerated layer by layer and evaporated. It was now covered in blood. The sight was frightening to behold.

The Eight-headed Serpent roared in agony. It was terrified of the Black Totem Snake’s ancient holy power. Under the green light of the Black Totem Snake’s formation, the Eight-headed Serpent’s throat and the eight evil breaths at its abdominal pelvis were destroyed, leaving an ulcerated body filled with fury. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Countless glowing Spirit Moths flew to the wounded Eight-headed Serpent. The glowing Spirit Moths had self-destructive power. When they charged at the Eight-headed serpent, they exploded.

Even though a single explosive Spirit Moth was tiny and could only inflict average damage, a large number of them covering the sky formed a cloud and thousands of explosions occurred in an instant. The Eight-headed Serpent could have resisted their explosiveness but because its skin was already compromised, it began to rot and fester as more explosions ensued.

Many parts of the Eight-headed Serpent’s body were crushed. Its flesh fell from its body, and it reduced in size. It no longer looked as intimidating and horrifying as before. It had lost two of its heads. The Ancient Demon weakened and bled.

The Self-explosive Spirit Moths detonated like stunning fireworks. Meanwhile, the Moon Moth Phoenix continued to flip its wings in mid-air. There seemed to be endless Self-explosive Spirit Moths. They swarmed the Eight-headed Serpent continuously. They sacrificed themselves to injure the demon while creating a breathtaking view.

Pang Lai was touched when he was greeted by such a sight. It took him a long time to recover his composure. Mo Fan was also in awe.

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

The Self-explosive Spirit Moths had paid a heavy price in order to severely wound the Eight-headed Serpent. They were living creatures.

Mo Fan was aware that the Moon Moth Phoenix was not brutal. It had no brutal weapons at its disposal. It had sacrificed many of its moths willingly.

There were Messenger Spirit Moths, Armed Spirit Moths, Reproductive Spirit Moths, and Guardian Spirit Moths among the Moon Moth Phoenix horde.

If the Moon Moth Phoenix was around and the moths were given a peaceful forest to stay in, they could reproduce rapidly. However, their greatest weakness was that they had a relatively short lifespan.

The Moon Moth Phoenix’s lifespan was short compared to the Black Totem Snake that lived for almost thousands of years. The Moon Moth Phoenix shared a similar lifespan to humans. It had the shortest lifespan among all the totem beasts.

When the Spirit Moths continuously flew and exploded, the other moths transformed into fluffy white cocoons and hid beneath the Moon Moth Phoenix’s wings. When they encountered a powerful enemy, they would be the first to transform into Self-explosive Spirit Moths and charge at their enemy, using up the last bit of their lives.

The Self-explosive Spirit Moths sacrificed themselves by detonating on their enemies. Instead of dying in a damp jungle, they would rather use up their last bit of flame to destroy their enemies and pave a brighter future for the coming generation.

The flame from the explosion rose to the sky. The force of the blasts was so tremendous that they had severely wounded the Eight-headed Serpent. However, not all Spirit Moths were willing to transform into self-explosive Spirit Moths.

Similarly, not everyone was like Pang Lai…