Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2793: Clear Up!

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Do you think you can get out of this place? Look at Honolulu for yourself!”

The Ocean Demons had occupied this place for a long time. The Ocean Godly Horde had given Jiu Ying the ability of the prophet of the ocean, so all the powerful Ocean Demons in Honolulu obeyed him. But he was still afraid, and he didn’t know why.

Jiu Ying’s pupils began to change. A blue blood filled his eyeballs making them appear strange.

The whole city of Honolulu was in a frenzy. Countless Fish Men Generals appeared in the streets. They surrounded the city like a military parade, and the rare metal-like scales on their bodies flickered.

The army of the Hunter Dirty Demons climbed onto the building and used the whole city as their lair. The Fish Men Generals occupied the streets, while all the buildings were full of Hunter Dirty Demons. The most conspicuous of them were the Red Hunter Dirty Demons. The smooth scales of their bodies create a strange illusion, making it difficult to judge their movement.

The Sword Fish with the special hook kept appearing in the rainstorm. They kept increasing in numbers. It felt as if they could destroy the entire city if they slowly lowered themselves.

Jiu Ying smiled at the scene. These people thought they could win because they had some stupid tricks up their sleeves, but they did not know that entire Hawaii was under the control of the Ocean Godly Horde. The emperor had control of it. All the rescue teams would die in the end, and so would Commander Hua.

The sky thundered. Lightning bolts appeared in the rainstorm and connected to form a white, electrifying chain.

The white lightning chains did not cover the clouds but hung down one after another. Their power was terrifying. They constantly generated lightning waves, which disintegrated the bodies of the Sword Fish.

Among the dense lightning chains, there was a green shadow of a horse. It shuttled between clouds, heavy rain, lightning, and the Sword Fish. It messed up the formation of the fishes forcing them to disperse and interrupting their destructive power.

A big snake with poisonous fog slithered on the crushed street. The Fish Men Generals looked mighty, but they were no different from ants in front of the huge snake.

When the snake breathed out, the poisonous fog penetrated the sky and the earth. It sent the Fish Men Generals flying and paralyzed their bodies.

Many white lightning chains were hanging down from the sky like white vines. The paralyzed Fish Men Generals burned as the lightning touched them.

......

…

With two totem beasts barring the way, , the Ocean Demons could not get close to the building.

The Black Totem Snake seemed to understand Mo Fan’s needs. It took the Red Hunter Dirty Demons and Purple-Haired Female Demon away and left the dilapidated building to just Mo Fan and Jiu Ying.

“I don’t know whether I will win or lose this fight, but the protection from the two Totems has given me enough time to kill you.” The dark aura on Mo Fan’s body grew stronger.

Jiu Ying felt the ground turn to mush. He looked down to see that Mo Fan had set the Dark Swamp in this area.

Jiu Ying had been too busy using his ability given by the Ocean Godly Horde to call all demons that he had forgotten to pay attention to the invasion of Black Substance. He only realized it when it was up to his knees.

The suppression power of Mo Fan’s Black Substance was very strong. Jiu Ying tried to get rid of the substance. It would hamper his ability.

There were flaws in the dark realm. Jiu Ying was a very experienced mage. He was a mage from the Forbidden City which was one of the top Magic Associations in China.

When he was just about to find the flaws in the dark realm, a large flame ignited into a flaming giant. Before Jiu Ying knew what was going on, he saw the divine fire surrounding Mo Fan. The flaming giant was Mo Fan, and the violent divine fire made him appear larger and powerful than he was.

Jiu Ying moved. The Ghostly Energy spread to the surroundings. He could occupy any space where the Ghostly Energy spread.

He wanted to avoid the flaming giant, but the flaming giant was still growing. The force of the collision spread to the city park and destroyed the entire building.

Jiu Ying did not even have time to hide before force hit him. He had mastered a type of light-controlling technique. Otherwise, he might have turned to ash like the streets and buildings around. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

He could not understand why a Mage who had just advanced to Super Level could burst out so much terrifying power.

The Goddess Soul Shadow showed the most dazzling glow. Mo Fan was suspended mid-air in the sky above the city park that was burning. He stared at Jiu Ying on the ground.

Jiu Ying was angry.

The army of Ocean Demons and the two totem beasts were fighting. However, it was fairly empty where Jiu Ying and Mo Fan were. It looked like a battlefield was deliberately cleared up by Totem Beasts for them to fight.

Jiu Ying was confused why Mo Fan was so confident in fighting him alone. He was Nan Shou of the Forbidden City, and his strength was second only to Bei Shou, Deputy Chief, and the Chief himself. Even if no one knew him as the Red Cardinal of the Black Vatican, he was still at the top in all magical fields as Nan Shou.

Mo Fan, on the other hand, was a young Mage who didn’t come from a powerful magical background. Jiu Ying would be ashamed if he wasn’t even able to defeat a fledgling mage like Mo Fan.

“Your skills are not even comparable to me!” Jiu Ying roared.

He raised a hand. The Ghostly Energy surged, and a terrifying Ghostly Energy Moon Sword taller than the signal tower appeared behind Mo Fan!