Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2842: The Strongest Form

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Trishina rushed toward Apas on the stairs. Behind her was the billowing dust and countless Scorpion Female Demons and Snake Scorpion Medusas.

This group of armies had appeared without warning. They hid under the soil from the beginning. When Trishina gave her order, they all attacked Apas. Unlike the Eagle Witches, Trishina’s army came from the dunes, so they were not afraid of Apas’ Eyes of Destruction.

Apas hated her two sisters. She had witnessed her two sisters kill her mother and endured the pain of expulsion for many years. Now that she had fully matured, she had inherited the power of the real evil temple from the mother of Medusa, and she had long wanted to trample her two sisters for all the pain they had caused her.

The Evil Snake Shadow appeared and suddenly opened its mouth, revealing two curved and sharp fangs. The bite stopped Trishina. She grabbed the snakes and scorpions around her and used them as shields. Those snakes and scorpions died when they were bitten and became petrified.

Trishina’s strong pincers fiercely swept away the corpses in front of her. The crimson, poisonous scorpion tail penetrated a Ghost Lord. The Ghost Lord had very sturdy armor but it turned to sand after the Queen of Scorpion stung it.

!!

The wind blew, and the Ghost Lord was blown away like sands.

Fortunately, the soldiers were all the Undeads, so they were not afraid of dying. Otherwise, they would not have dared to fight after seeing the strong Ghost Lord die so easily.

“Be careful of her tail. You will die if you get stung by it.” Apas warned Mo Fan and the Undead of the Ancient Capital, who were guarding the White Tomb Palace on the long stairs.

The Corpse King had taken a few steps back. He stared at Trishina, and the bronze bone spear in his hand vibrated. It was like a copper bell ringing. Suddenly, the Corpse King rushed forward in a straight line, and the bronze bone spear pierced Trishina’s chest.

Trishina was heavily built and was almost as tall as a double-decker bus, and the Corpse King was the size of a human. However, the Corpse King was proficient in ancient martial arts. It jumped to Trishina’s head with the help of his spear. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The Corpse King smashed Trishina’s head with his palm, and an overlapping force overwhelmed her head. Unfortunately, the poisonous snakes on Trishina’s head were all alive. They did not let the Corpse King attack Trishina’s head. They rushed up and bit the Corpse King.

The Corpse King cast a spell, and many black spears suddenly appeared above him. They fell violently and pierced the poisonous snakes on Trishina’s head.

Trishina moved her terrifying scorpion tail that could kill in one attack. The poisonous tail would kill an emperor-level creature if it stabbed it. She had inherited the most terrifying ability of the Queen of Scorpions.

Although it was a deadly weapon, most emperor-level creatures prevented Trishina from using her poisonous tail. Apas’ Eyes of Destruction was direct and effective, so it was more intimidating.

The Corpse King stepped firmly, and a wave of air rose. He managed to dodge the fatal attack.

However, the poisonous tail kept the Corpse King at a distance, so he could not get near Trishina. He could only step back from the tail so he could have time to prepare his next attack.

Yuri Ellie hovered in the air and cried sharply. The cry made people’s heads hurt. They could hear the resentment and hatred in her heart.

Her target was Apas. Apas had destroyed the army of Eagle Witches that she had worked so hard to train for several years. She wanted to tear Apas apart and use Apas’ tender flesh to nourish her skin.

She did not have the strong physique of Trishina’s scorpion bloodline, but she was still a formidable threat to the White Tomb Palace. She attacked very fast. Whenever people heard a weird shriek, they would find her dragging some powerful Undeads from the White Tomb Palace to the sky.

Yuri Ellie was very cunning and followed the Sphinx closely. They worked together, so the Skeleton Demon Lord could not withstand the combined attack of these two powerful creatures. The Skeleton Demon Lord was severely injured and could hardly reassemble.

The Sphinx and Yuri Ellie wanted to kill the Red Skeleton of the Dead Kings of the Eight Directions. They rushed forward and killed many skeleton armies. Mo Fan hurriedly used teleportation to protect the Red Skeleton. He took the form of the Flame Demon King, so he would not be afraid of these two demons. Besides, he was wearing Black Dragon Suit.

Mo Fan took the strongest form after changing into the Flame Demon King and wearing the Black Dragon Suit. He combined his elemental magic, so some low-level Elements became more powerful so that Mo Fan could challenge the Sphinx.

He could compete with this Egyptian National Beast due to the Black Dragon Suit. The Flame Demon King had given him the destructive ability close to a Supreme Ruler. Even without the Demon Element, he could cope with the current situation.

“My eyes! My eyes!” Yuri Ellie shouted.

She stared at Mo Fan with her vicious eye. She wanted to get her eyes back. A human snatched the most powerful Eye of Deception of an Eagle Witch. It was a great shame!

She flew at an impossible speed. The light and shadow were intertwined. Mo Fan almost raised the dragon sense to the highest level of concentration before he could barely see the flying path and attack angle of Yuri Ellie.

The terrifying claws were aimed at Mo Fan’s heart. It was rumored that Eagle Witches would grab a person’s chest when they attacked. They would break the ribs and take the heart out of the shattered sternum. It was cruel.

Yuri Ellie was too fast, but Mo Fan did not have to use the Fire Element. The black dragon pattern on his arm was bright. His arm suddenly turned into a gauntlet and swung at Yuri Ellie.

Yuri Ellie sneered. She knew the ability of humans. With only human power, it was impossible to harm demigods like them.