Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2844: Magic Dragon Flame

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Although he seemed to be out of the battle, it did not mean he was doing nothing. Instead, he was very confident. He was confident that no matter how tragic the battle was, it would not affect him. He even looked at the battle among the Undeads with an indifferent attitude.

Mo Fan felt that it was a little unreal. Why did he suddenly have such emotions? It was as if he had become evil.

“Look into my eyes.” Apas’ voice sounded again in Mo Fan’s mind.

Mo Fan could not look away. He realized that Apas was giving him psychological suggestions, which could continuously strengthen a person’s willpower so that those curses could not find the flaws in his heart and soul.

The pain of the curse on his body was disappearing, and he felt braver. Mo Fan had the power of the gods all over his body and wished he could rush down and kill the dirty and despicable Undeads that belonged to Khufu.

“Did you just bring me courage, or can you stimulate my physical potential, too?” Mo Fan asked.

For some reason, Mo Fan wanted to fight the Sphinx. It was a kind of spiritual morale Apas’ eyes provided Mo Fan. However, his rationality told him that it was hard to fight the Sphinx without demonization.

“Why don’t you give it a try?” Apas smiled softly.

Without the curses, Mo Fan was not afraid of the Sphinx. Mo Fan felt he was a supreme god who had come down from heaven to restore order. The creatures in the world were all weaklings he could kill at will. If Khufu were present, Mo Fan would even dare to grab his beard and beat him up.

Mo Fan was wearing the Black Dragon Boots, so his speed was not inferior to that of many ruler-level war beasts. He rushed down the high stairs like a black light. When Mo Fan collided with the Sphinx, his body showed the Black Dragon Soul.

Close to the Black Dragon Soul, there was a dark golden shadow of an evil snake swiftly rushing toward the Sphinx. The snake’s fangs were long. It almost destroyed the Sphinx’s face.

The Sphinx’s attention was on Mo Fan’s Black Dragon Soul. It did not dare to underestimate the power of the emperor-level soul. It did not expect to see an evil snake above the Black Dragon Soul. This evil snake was equally terrifying as it was not inferior to the Black Dragon Emperor.

The soul and shadow surrounded Mo Fan, making him look even more sinister in the Black Dragon Suit. He had the invincible power of God’s presence in the human world. Mo Fan was surprised to see the Sphinx screaming and running like a wild dog that was hit in the face.

The Black Dragon Soul and the Flame Demon King had pushed Mo Fan’s strength to the peak of the Super Level. With the addition of the Evil Snake Shadow, he had three powerful and unparalleled forms. This combat power was already comparable to the demonization in Northern Xinjiang in the past. After all, demonization at that time only had four forms.

He lacked the Thunder Demon but had the Black Dragon Soul and Evil Snake Shadow.

“How do you feel now?” Apas’ voice was soft.

Mo Fan was overjoyed. He looked at Apas. He thought that Apas had given him the Evil Snake Shadow on her body but found that the noble and elegant Evil Snake Shadow was still there on Apas. She still dominated countless Egyptian Female Demons like the mother of all demons.

‘Can it be shared?’ Mo Fan realized that Apas was indeed a caring snake demon.

“Black Dragon Electric Claw!”

Mo Fan quickly transformed his gauntlet into claws. The Evil Snake Shadow suddenly slithered forward, adding a ghostly shadow effect on his speeding path. It made Mo Fan rush forward with explosive power and look strange.

The Sphinx was still sorting its face when Mo Fan approached him. The thorns in his claws had Thousand Catties Thunder, which numbed the Sphinx and tore the sturdiest golden sand skin on its chest.

The Sphinx was injured again. It groaned. It madly stepped on the ground with its powerful limbs, trying to stomp on Mo Fan, who was as small as an ant.

The Evil Snake Shadow slithered and avoided the Sphinx’s steps. Mo Fan never thought he could move so elegantly and finally understood why he was so confident.

“Chaos change!”

Mo Fan’s magic changed very quickly. He suddenly changed the order of gravity in this area while the Sphinx was still in a panic.

The power of inversion made the Sphinx suddenly float into the air, and his limbs did not reach the ground. He seemed to have fallen into a huge pit from the bottom up.

On the ground, Mo Fan’s body flashed with silver light. He disappeared and appeared on a deformed stone several hundred meters away.

Mo Fan’s Black Dragon Suit glowed with a terrifying black light, which caused a huge space to sag. It was as if a supreme supernatural entity had trampled on the space behind him. Mo Fan, who was dressed in black armor, gradually dissipated into majestic black dragon energy.

Amidst the dragon energy, a black outline appeared, and the red lotus that looked like fireworks and magma was blooming one after another.

“Magic Dragon Flame!”

Asha’ruiya had once asked Mo Fan to explore the hidden power of the Black Dragon Suit.

Mo Fan rarely wore the whole suit. After all, each piece of the Black Dragon Suit was very strong, and Mo Fan liked to save resources in battle. The strongest part of this suit was the Black Dragon Soul summoned by the Black Dragon Suit, which was enough to complete a Dragon Flame Breath!

The most powerful ability of the Black Dragon was the Dragon Flame!

At this moment, Mo Fan consumed all the energy stored in the suit and turned into a Black Dragon, just like the ruthless Dragon Flame that killed Su Lu in the past. He poured his anger and hatred into the Dragon Flames, which violently tumbled and burned in his abdomen and chest. He spewed this Dragon Flame out of his throat!

The Black Dragon seemed to have come in person in the dragon energy, and the Dragon Flame was even more domineering. As the Sphinx floated in the air, Mo Fan spat out the Dragon Flame at a 45-degree angle.

The Dragon Flame instantly lit up the entire evil abyss. Even the Sphinx seemed incomparably small when compared to the Dragon Flame.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com