Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Chapter 2847: The Ocean Serpent Demon

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Magic City was shrouded in darkness, adding a sense of lifelessness to the city that was under Black Alert.

The Ocean Demons’ roars continued ceaselessly. People hid inside dilapidated buildings and trembled in fear.

For a long time, humans had high confidence in their abilities. When Shao Zheng proposed a crisis strategy for 20,000 kilometers of the coastline, they assumed him to be pessimistic. They believed that the huge reserve of mages would be enough to drive the Ocean Demons away.

Humans refused to believe and acknowledge the impending great danger they faced. They refused to believe that the Magic City would face the end of the world one day.

Yet D-Day had finally arrived!

The sky was riddled with holes. Icy cold sea water from the Pacific Ocean poured down on the Magic City. The sight was terrifying to behold, as if it was really the end of the world.

The sea water continued to pour down on the Magic City from the sky holes even to that moment. The city was soaked in sea water. The streets were hardly visible. Some of the buildings that looked like they would collapse at any time were still around, but they would collapse the moment a strong tide struck them.

The crying continued. They could not tell if the cries came from frightened children, or if they were the imitations by the wicked Ocean Demons. They ignored the wail and let it echo through the streets.

“We can easily mislead the Shark Men by using their sense of smell against them. Fortunately, we’re familiar with the Ocean Demons. We can cross over to the neighborhood smoothly,” whispered Jiang Shaoxu. He hid behind a rooftop water storage tank.

The rooftop water storage tanks were only available in old buildings. The ground was filled with sea water. It was difficult to walk on the ground. They could still move on the rooftop, at least. But Mu Bai, Zhao Manyan, Jiang Shaoxu, Song Feiyao, and Mr. Bai Mei had to move on the lower, old buildings and use the various sheds, boxes, and built shelves as covers.

The Shark Men, the Stingrays, and the Sword Fishes with special hooks were flying in the sky. They could fly in the sky as long as they created ripples around them.

Walking on top of the skyscrapers was no different from exposing themselves to the Ocean Demons.

Zhao Manyan and his group had walked through many buildings. Mu Bai cast Plant Element magic and used the steel-like rattan to connect one building to the other. By doing so, they could avoid encountering the Ocean Demons in the water while also avoiding their patrol in the sky.

However, it was extremely difficult to walk on the rattan. Even though Zhao Manyan and his group had a high level of cultivation, they moved as if they were treading on thin ice. There were too many high-level Ocean Demons in the city.

Among the Ocean Godly Horde, Servant-level Ocean Demons were hardly considered as demons. They were just snacks to the other powerful Ocean Demons.

Warrior-level Ocean Demons were basically the lowest level Ocean Demons that fought in the war. Even Commander-level Ocean Demons were considered small fries in the Ocean Godly Horde army. However, if they measured their strengths based on the humans’ overall strength, the appearance of Commander-level Ocean Demons alone in a small city was tantamount to a disaster.

“The Shark Men are heading toward the gray building. Let’s go!” Song Feiyao said while flying toward Zhao Manyan and his group in her Wind Wings.

They quickly moved. They leapt from one street to another commercial street nearby Yan’an Overpass.

The commercial street was composed of high-rise office buildings. The buildings were one or two hundred meters tall with glass curtain walls. There were commercial areas, shopping streets, important cross streets, finance plazas, etc.

Song Feiyao was a Wind Element mage, so she walked before the rest.

When they faced the Ocean Demons, they had to observe every direction. They had to be especially careful with the appearance of Ocean Demons under the muddy water.

Various garbage floated on the water, including office chairs, confetti materials, plastic boards, branches, leaves, etc. The garbage blocked their view from detecting creatures that swam under the muddy water.

Most of the cunning Ocean Demons often used black plastic film as a disguise to approach the mages, pretending as if it was just the black plastic film that floated to the mages’ side in the water. They then launched a sudden attack on the mages. They bit the mages and dragged them down into the water.

Aside from the Water and Shadow Element mages who might still stand a chance of breaking themselves free from the Ocean Demons’ grasp, the rest of the mages were killed in the water.

Song Feiyao was ahead of the others. She turned to the direction of the finance plaza, but then quickly turned back sideways. She looked troubled. Mu Bai and Zhao Manyan noticed the horror in her eyes.

Song Feiyao shook her head, signaling that they must not go in that direction. They had to skirt around that path. They skirted around a green space. Zhao Manyan was curious. He could not help himself from looking in the direction which had scared Song Feiyao. She looked so frightened.

A brown-gold office building and a deep blue skyscraper towered into the sky. There was a gap between the two buildings.

He caught sight of a serpent’s curvy tail drooping down into the water between the gap of the buildings. Its body stretched from the skyscraper all the way to the brown-gold office building dome. If it shrank slightly, it could clash with the two buildings that were over two hundred meters tall.

Zhao Manyan saw several parts of its body between the buildings. It was extremely long, and its body was covered densely with wicked scales that gave off bone-chilling coldness.

It was the Ocean Serpent Demon!

This creature used to exist in ancient literature. Humans hardly captured its true form. There were no pictures or sketches of it.

However, a living Ocean Serpent Demon appeared in the middle of the bustling big city. It patrolled the city as if it was its territory. It looked careless and lazy but radiated a terrifying aura.

It was best to skirt around that path. Zhao Manyan and his group had deliberately suppressed their breaths throughout the way.

If the Ocean Demon Serpent noticed them, they would not only fail to accomplish the important mission given, but they would also perish in the city.

“My sixth sense told me that the Ocean Serpent Demon’s aura is as imposing as the Black Totem Snake,” Zhao Manyan said in fear.

“It could possibly be more powerful than the Black Totem Snake. The Ocean Serpent Demon is rarely seen. The origin of its bloodline is not known. According to the ancient record of the cities destroyed by the Ocean Serpent Demon, it can basically make a city vanish overnight. The foreign news recently reported the sudden bloodbath of the cities along the coast. The Ocean Serpent Demon is mostly likely the main culprit,” whispered Mu Bai.

The foreign countries still had a very low alert for the crisis. They had not been able to inform the residents from the remote cities to migrate to safer places. As a result, tragedies happened. China, on the other hand, had launched the base city plan early so they had avoided many terrible catastrophes.

“The Commander-level and Ruler-level Ocean Demons are everywhere… And now, we have this powerful Ocean Demon here…” Zhao Manyan muttered.

“It’s Black Alert. Did you think they were joking when they called it Black Alert? Black Alert targets all humans, including the Forbidden Mages. Even the Forbidden Mages will get killed, let alone us,” said Mu Bai.