Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2848: Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves

Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

In the past, humans had a wrong impression that everything in the world worked in their favor. The truth was the world in the past had always been riddled with holes.

It was just that they were still very young and weak to understand it. So, they did not pay attention to all this. They had chosen to believe that certain things were beyond their control. Thus, creating a sense of disparity.

The same was true for Zhao Manyan. In the past, he perceived Warrior-level and Commander-level Ocean Demons to be frightening. He was young at that time. Whenever the powerful Ocean Demons appeared, he would flee. He, like the others, had naturally assumed the powerful mages from the Magic Association to take on the demons for them.

When he grew up, he realized he had to shoulder responsibilities. He had to face the crisis independently.

When a great storm came, those who hid inside cozy homes naturally did not feel the severity of the storm. What they felt from the great storm was just the tip of the iceberg. When they grew up, it was their turn to provide for their children. They encountered thunderstorms when making a living. It was only then that they realized the ugly side and hardship in this world that contradicted their original beliefs.

By then, a thought would appear in their minds. ‘Why is the world we live in so terrifying?’

In fact, the world has always been terrifying. It was just that somebody else had faced the terrifying situation to provide security and safety.

A few years ago, many Forbidden Mages died during a trip to the Extreme South. Later, a large expanse of glaciers in the Extreme South melted, and the sea level rose…

Someone had already made sacrifices for the stormy world. Some of them had succeeded, while others had failed. The successful ones were soon forgotten and lived peacefully for the rest of their lives. However, those who failed and felt threatened had to personally face the reality. They etched the lessons learned from their life experiences in their hearts forever.

‘Were Warrior-level and Commander-level Ocean Demons truly that terrifying?’

Human knowledge was limited to the dry lands, which occupied less than thirty percent of the Earth. As a result, they based their ratings on their limited knowledge. Even though dry lands occupied less than thirty percent of the Earth, humans had not fully explored all the areas. They dared not explore the dark and forbidden areas.

Humans had rated Emperor level as the highest level of all. ‘Was the statement true, though?’

If that was the case, how could the Dark King so easily manipulate the Forbidden Mage—Su Lu—and the Black Dragon Emperor. How had he turned them into his pawns? The Lord of the Plane laid his eyes on this world like a hungry wolf. What more disasters awaited humans?

The fact that they did not have a full understanding of all this did not mean that the world had been kind to them in the past.

Zhao Manyan finally understood everything. He had grown up and witnessed the true color of this world.

…

“We’re reaching the Bund!” said Jiang Shaoxu.

Huangpu River was stunning. The skyscrapers by the river enhanced the scenery, creating a beautiful landscape with the fusion of tranquility and splendor of the past. The visual impact was simply breathtaking.

However, when they noticed the blasts in the sky and the enormous and wicked Ocean Demons roaming and ravaging the city, they were stunned and speechless. They sank into despair and sorrow.

The turbulent flow of sea water flooded the avenue where people used to admire the scenery. The sight of influencers shooting for their videos and elderly couples taking evening walks were gone. Instead, everything was replaced by the Ocean Demons. They were greedy and brutal. They coveted and murdered anything that stood in their way.

At Bund bay, a wave from the tidal earth rose to the same height as the high-rise building—The Lu Family’s Mouth—and was as large as the Sky Gap buildings.

A demon’s face appeared in the middle of the towering wave. It had just shown the outline of its face from the water. However, its eyes were frightening, like a large spotlight hung in the prison used to inspect the prisoners. It cast a quick glance at the Magic City that was already trapped in its cage.

The night sky was pitch-black. However, its eyes were like an ice moon in the sky. Its bone-chilling coldness enveloped the entire Magic City and gave off an evil aura.

The Magic City sky was riddled with holes.

The main culprit that poked the sky holes was none other than the demon seen in the towering waves—The Demon Lord.

The Forbidden Curse Association had not seen its true form even today. The towering wave was just a disguise. What kind of creature was it? How did it possess such a terrifying divine ability? Was it a commander of the Ocean Godly Horde?

It was extremely powerful. Even though there were other powerful Ocean Demons around it, it did not require them to act as its backup.

The Demon Lord showed up without a sense of humility in the most prosperous area before humans. It did not stop the powerful Forbidden Mages from coming to it, as if it was waiting for humans to attack it.

And none of the humans could shake it up. Several Forbidden Mages joined forces but still could not break its towering waves to find out its true evil form. It was an act of humiliation towards the Forbidden Mages for the Demon Lord to continue standing in the middle of the humans’ sanctuary.

Forbidden Mages were like clowns who continued to perform unimpressive juggling before the Demon Lord. Although the Forbidden Mages were aware that the Demon Lord was the main culprit that caused the sky holes, they were powerless to stop it!

Hong Wu was the president of Dongfang Oriental Tower.

He was flying in mid-air. He was dressed plainly and looked like an ordinary elderly. However, at that moment, he was glowing with five different colors. His sharp gaze was full of divine majesty.

He was the leader in this battle.

In the past, they had to go through several important stages when dealing with the Emperor-level Ocean Demons.

However, at this moment, they did not have time to gauge the Demon Lord’s strength. All of them had to give their best, no matter the cost.

The Demon Lord showed up proudly. It allowed humans’ most powerful mages to approach and challenge it. Their invasion was just a game to the Demon Lord.

And the rule of this game was simple—to defeat it.

It stood there, allowing humans to try to subdue it. Still, at the end of the day, the battle was never a game.

The Demon Lord was not always so patient. It crushed humans’ confidence and turned the place into a hunting ground so that it could wreak havoc.

Meanwhile, defeating the Demon Lord was not the main reason that caused the Forbidden Mages to get so worked up and restless. It was the clear line in the night sky in the direction of Pudong that worried them the most.

The seemingly quiet horizontal line continued to draw closer and separate the night sky in the east. The upper sky turned light black while the lower sky turned pitch black.

Was the dark black shade part of the sky, or was it something else?

Even though they were far away from it, they heard a loud rumble, and the earth shook violently. The air turned suffocating.

How did the waves spread across the horizon and the towering mountain ridges?

It was approaching them.

And it drew closer…

It felt as though half of the sky was collapsing.

The reason the Demon Lord had been so willing, and patient was because it was waiting for the arrival of the Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves!