Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2857: The Country’s Guardian—The Sacred Dragon

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Azure Dragon traveled in the space above the sky. Mo Fan could easily reach the stars. The Azure Dragon’s magnificent shadow was cast in the vast lands of China.

The Azure Dragon flew between heaven and earth. It flew across the sky and mountains. Even the glory of the sun and moon paled in comparison to its glow.

Mo Fan stood between the Azure Dragon’s horns. They passed by the central plains. The intersection between the horizon and the skyline was visible. Pieces of the awakened Ancient Great Wall flew toward the Azure Dragon to complete its scales, horns, claws, etc.

The sacred totem Azure Dragon grew increasingly majestic. It flew above China like an ancient godly ruler patrolling the earth where its people lived.

The ancient rocks and the engraved statues made up of the sacred rocks that had been sprinkled with the Underground Holy Spring seemed to have waited for the arrival of this day. They had waited for the summoning from heaven. The Azure Dragon’s roars awakened their imperishable souls!

The Ancient Great Walls were made from generations of wisdom, blood, sweat, and tears. Disasters and wars could destroy humans because they were made of flesh and blood, but they could never destroy the brave souls that had blended into the mountains and streams.

The Ancient Great Walls segments contributed to the sacred totem Azure Dragon’s scales, flesh, blood, bones, and horns. The Azure Dragon flew in the sky. Every single piece of the rubble that made up the Azure Dragon contained its own glorious and depressing story. The rubbles was what made the Azure Dragon glow with such splendor. They bestowed the Azure Dragon with infinite power.

The Azure Dragon flew past the Yellow River and to the Chang River.

It continued to move along the Chang River and drew closer to the Magic City. The sky above the Magic City was totally different from the clear sky in the west. The Magic City was enveloped in darkness, as if the devilish creatures were devouring the city whole. Icy cold sea water continued to pour onto the city.

The city was in turmoil. Ocean Demons were all over the streets. Even though Mo Fan had watched these sights in various clips on the internet, his eyes turned red with anger at the Magic City’s deplorable state.

Jing An was a place he was very familiar with. It was where the Pearl Institute was located.

Jing An had turned into a white nest. Mo fan saw many humans trapped upside down in chrysalises. They were hung on both sides of the buildings as well as on the trees. The buildings and trees were densely packed with human chrysalises. They were barely alive.

They could not break free from the chrysalises. They had no choice but to endure the humiliation and hang in the middle of bone-chilling coldness and rainstorms. They felt hopeless.

The terrifying Shark Men and Hunter Dirty Demons had made Xu Hui City their hunting grounds. Citizens were enslaved and trapped inside the buildings. The Shark Men and Hunter Dirty Demons brutally killed the Mages. Even the powerless, newly awakened trainee Mages were not spared.

Treasure Mountain had turned into an ocean. More than half of the city was soaked in sea water.

The sea water was red. The floating corpses in the water made one sick. The Ocean Demons had revealed their true brutal nature. They slaughtered all living things in their path. They enjoyed showing off their Ocean Godly Horde’s power. They enjoyed smelling the blood from other hordes. On top of that, they enjoyed watching humans sink into despair.

Mo Fan caught sight of several glowing figures.

Many people longed for a little hope. Today, the Magic City could no longer protect them and granted them the hope that they needed. Still, these people struggled to hold on to their beliefs.

The Ocean Demons were far stronger than the humans. The number of Ocean Demons outnumbered humans. If the humans could not even find the faintest magical glow within the Magic City, it was evident that the city would soon be completely destroyed.

Mo Fan noticed a swarm of terrifying silvery white creatures in the direction of Pudong. These creatures had replaced the murky sea water and were striking the Huangpu River’s northwest bank in waves. The endless number of Salamanders and Shell Demons collapsed the buildings, robust fortress and the defense lines the moment they reached that area. They razed the city streets to the ground without mercy.

Meanwhile, the Ocean Demon Serpent continued to patrol around the skyscrapers. And the Chief Shark rampaged between the overpasses.

The traffic was a tumbling torrent. The Shark Men chased after the Mages in the middle of the waves.

A pile of ruins towered in the middle of the largest city. The ruins were made up of countless residential buildings, commercial buildings, and office buildings. As a result, the mountain of ruins could be seen from more than a dozen kilometers away.

The Demon King illuminated in bluish golden shell armor prostrated on top of the ruins. It squinted its eyes. Its two unusually thick and flexible whiskers swung actively like two ancient white snakes.

The Demon King opened its eyes. It moved its neck. It seemed to have smelled an imposing aura that came from the space above the sky. The flesh on its neck opened, revealing layers of colorful poisonous horns that resembled whiskers. For a moment, the poisonous horns looked like a sea of gorgeous corals.

However, those were not corals. Touching them would mean instant death. This was the Demon King’s fatal weapon.

The Multicolored Demon King stared begrudgingly at the sky. Unbeknownst to all of them, the sea water stopped pouring from the sky. The sky above the city had turned dark.

A majestic silhouette slowly revealed itself from the misty clouds. The sky was riddled with holes, and the water poured down through them. The pouring revealed a part of the Azure Dragon’s magnificent green body. It hid a large part of its body in the mists. It coiled in the space above the clouds.

…

A claw appeared from the clouds. The Multicolored Demon King became alert and screamed in panic before attempting to flee from the ruins. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

However, the Azure Dragon had targeted the Multicolored Demon King with its claw. Its claw was comparable to that of the mountain of ruins. It grabbed the Multicolored Demon King and carried it above the clouds.

The Multicolored Demon King screamed miserably in the sky. It frantically shot its poisonous horns from its neck. The poisonous horns expanded in the sky and formed a forest of corals.

The corals were sharp and poisonous. They darted toward the clouds. Yet the mighty claw remained unharmed as it continued carrying the Multicolored Demon King above the clouds.

The Magic City was crowded with Ocean Demons. The Multicolored Demon King was protected by countless Ocean Demon chiefs. The Ocean Demon chiefs alone could dominate the city, let alone the Multicolored Demon King!

However, the unbeatable Multicolored Demon King was taken into the clouds by a mysterious creature, like a chick in an eagle’s talon.

The sky was dark. It was so dark as if the sky above the Magic City was entirely covered with a cloth. Glimpses of light shone on the creature’s body through the gaps.