Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2859: The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The white tentacle struck the sky. The great force pushed the clouds away and revealed the Azure Dragon’s body.

The white tentacle struck the Azure Dragon’s abdomen. The white tentacle contained countless antennas that resembled suction cups. They clung onto the Azure Dragon’s abdomen.

Boom!

There was a loud bang. The next moment, the white monster lair in Jing An expanded. White gigantic legs broke out of the white membranes and landed in the city area, causing a slew of terrifying sinkholes.

There was not much sea water around the white monster lair. But, after the white demon broke out of its nest, the city fell. Sea water from nearby cities gushed in and flooded Jing An.

The White Demon King stood in the middle of the tumbling city. It extruded the terrifying white tentacle from the spinnerets at its back. The white membrane that covered the entire Jing An also came from its enormous spinnerets.

At first glance, the White Demon King looked like an enormous spider. Its legs were thin and long, and the spinneret on its back was as large as a whale’s belly. The thin filament of silk extruding from the spinneret could turn a city into a terrifying white lair!

“It’s the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor!”

Feng Li was shocked after he saw the demon’s true form.

Demonic Ruins was a horrific forbidden place found in the south of Japan several decades ago. The ruins were found under the sea of unknown origin. The ruins seemed to exist in the folding of space. When one entered, the ruins seemed much bigger than from outside.

The China Forbidden Curse Association had once joined forces with Japan Forbidden Curse Association and explored the inside of these ruins. The mages who entered the ruins were either dead or became delirious. It took them a very long time to recover. However, by the time they recovered, they had forgotten everything about the ruins under the sea.

In the past few decades, the humans had not given up exploring the Demonic Ruins under the sea. They finally discovered the traces of several powerful Ocean Demons, and the White Spider Emperor was one of them.

Even the White Spider Emperor that had never left the Demonic Ruins under the sea heeded the Ocean Godly Horde’s instruction. It was no wonder the Ocean Demons had become so fearless!

The Demonic Ruins White Spider’s white tentacle grabbed the Azure Dragon tightly. Its tentacles sank into the ground to secure itself. The expanded white monster lair had turned into a gigantic city machine. It had become the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s armor.

For a moment, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor grew incredibly huge. It was above Jing An, with densely packed buildings right under its body and feet. It had traveled for several kilometers.

The sticky membrane was no longer soft. It quickly hardened and became as hard as iron and steel.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s snow-white color radiated an icy cold aura. When it rose, it could easily reach the sky. The prosperous high-rise buildings stood underneath its belly.

There were countless thin, white filaments of silk under its belly. Each silk carried a large mass of flesh chrysalises. Each chrysalis contained a living human. They had been stuck together like insect eggs. They formed many gigantic white chrysalis groups under the Demonic White Spider Emperor’s belly, and it was about the size of a classroom crowded with a few hundreds of people. It was as big as a stadium. The humans were trapped within the white spider silk. It was humid and disgusting.

When Feng Li and the rest of the Enforcement Union members were greeted by this sight, they were stunned! ‘Could this be the white monster lair’s true form? What should they do to kill such a demon?’

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor tried to pull the Azure Dragon down from the clouds with its white tentacle extending from the spinneret at its back.

With the help of the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor, the Multicolored Demon King unleashed its poisonous coral thorns and pierced the Azure Dragon’s claws and abdomen.

Roar!

The Azure Dragon hissed. The Multicolored Demon King was in midair, and it slowly flew down onto the city.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor made a strange cry. It increased its power. The thin, white filament of silk all over its body became harder than iron and steel.

Countless white, steel-like brackets appeared in the sky above Jing An. The steel-like brackets acted as the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s tentacles. The white tentacle clinging on the Azure Dragon’s abdomen became more powerful and pulled the sacred totem Azure Dragon down from the clouds.

The sky above the Magic City was riddled with holes, and the sea water poured onto the city like a waterfall. The air was misty and foggy. The Azure Dragon dropped down slowly but still, they could not see its skull and tail.

There were two giant claws in the sky. One of them grabbed the Multicolored Demon King tightly while the other claw approached the ground.

Just when they thought the Demonic Ruins White Spider King was about to slam the Azure Dragon onto the ground, the Azure Dragon gabbed the Demonic Ruins White Spider King with two of its claws close to its abdomen and tail. The Azure Dragon grabbed it and yanked it to the sky!

The earth was lifted up. The buildings were thrown into the sky. The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor wanted to slam the Azure Dragon down, only to end up being caught like the Multicolored Demon King.

The Azure Dragon had not been dragged down. It just approached the land with its hind claws.

Just then, the white monster lair expanded again. Countless white silk transformed into long white snakes and wrapped around the Azure Dragon’s hind claws.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor frantically spit various filaments of silk onto the ground so that the sticky silk could stick to the city ground.

However, all of its effort was in vain. The Azure Dragon was enormous. Its body was magnificent. The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was just as the size of the Azure Dragon’s claws.

The Azure Dragon grabbed the Multicolored Demon King with its front claws and the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor with its hind claws.

…

Many people in the city saw the terrifying sight.

The sky was dark. They had no idea how long or huge the green creature was. It grabbed the Multicolored Demon King with its front claws on one side of the city and the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor with its hind claws on the other side of the city. The Multicolored Demon King continued to struggle to break free of its grasp. Meanwhile, the mighty Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor looked furious. It tried to break free but still ended up being dragged away from the ground.

Nobody could figure out what sort of a creature the green thing in the sky was.

The Multicolored Demon King and Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor were powerful Emperor-level Ocean Demons. They had dominated the entire Magic City.

Even so, the two were helpless when confronting that green creature…