Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2860: Absolute Divine Power

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Roar!

The Azure Dragon’s roars shook the sky. Air waves surrounded by icy cold fog blasted in the sky.

The air waves blew past the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor and melted its sticky white filaments of silk.

The flesh chrysalises hanging on the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s belly fell to the ground in front of the Enforcement Union members.

Each chrysalis contained a living human. Every flesh chrysalis basically contained a mage. They looked skinnier than before. Their internal organs were weakened. It was clear that the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor had absorbed their vitality in order to weave its magnificent white lair!

“Save them now! Quick!” Feng Li said to the rest of the Enforcement Union members with great urgency.

Large piles of flesh chrysalises fell to the ground. Feng Li and his group quickly stripped the filaments of silk from their bodies and throats. Fortunately, the humans trapped inside the chrysalises were still alive. They broke themselves free of the chrysalises. They were weak, but they could walk.

“Jing An is safe! Jing An is safe!” The people hiding inside the buildings jumped for joy.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor had taken control of Jing An all by itself. Everyone had witnessed it being captured. They felt relieved, as if the death scythes above their heads had finally vanished.

“Calm down! Everyone, calm down! We’re in this situation together, so we must unite and face the enemy. Those who are still capable of fighting the war, follow me. We’re going to stop the Ocean Demons from surrounding us. Those who have lost their magic power, help the rest who are still trapped inside the chrysalises and the refuge. We have to work hand-in-hand to stand guard over the refuge. Citizens stay there. We cannot let them be involved in this disaster. We must hide them somewhere safe!” Feng Li shouted at the rescued people.

“What exactly is that green silhouette above the sky? Is it here to help us?” several mages from the Magic Association asked in confusion.

They had not returned to their senses. Whatever had transpired a while before was still shocking.

Two claws appeared from the clouds and grabbed the Multicolored Demon King and the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor. The sight had stunned the Ocean Demon chiefs, Ocean Demon rulers, as well as the super-level Ocean Demons.

‘Was God watching over the citizens in the Magic City? Was there still a glimmer of hope for the citizens?’

“I’m afraid it could be a more powerful Emperor-level creature. We haven’t seen its true form. Even though it is an enemy of the Ocean Demons, it might not necessarily be our ally either. We can’t simply jump to any conclusion,” Feng Li spoke solemnly.

Most people assumed the enemies of the Ocean Demons were naturally their protectors.

But Feng Li was a wise man. He was aware of the country’s current situation.

There were no Forbidden Mages in the country who could summon such a divine beast to take on the Multicolored Demon King and the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor. Hence, its appearance was a mystery.

‘Why did it appear in the sky above the Magic City? Why was it the Ocean Demon’s enemy?’

What worried Feng Li the most was that the powerful green silhouette might not have arrived with the intention to help humans but rather to show off its power.

If the green creature cast its divine power on humans and crushed the cities with its magnificent body, the Magic City would be destroyed. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

…

The Demon Lord was still standing at the Bund of the Magic City. It was taller than the skyscrapers.

The sky above the skyscrapers was covered in darkness. The black Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves were approaching. The shocking wave line in the sky was approaching the international city!

It looked like a tsunami. It was as though a majestic ocean was hanging upside down between heaven and earth!

A pair of icy cold, bright eyes appeared. The eyes were narrow and eerie. It no longer fixed its gaze on the flying Forbidden Mages.

Instead, it placed its attention on the clouds, as if it was looking for something. In fact, the creature that it was searching for was the Azure Dragon. The Azure Dragon coiled up in the space above the sky. It saw everything. It was above the sky and the clouds!

The sky was dark. A gap slowly appeared in the middle of the dark clouds.

Suddenly, a mass of poisonous and colorful corals was smashed against the Prime Waves, as if throwing a group of sea urchins at it.

The next moment, a gigantic white creature fell from the sky and smashed at the Demon Lord!

The Forbidden Mages looked up and were caught in surprise.

‘Weren’t they the Multicolored Demon King and the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor?!’

The two great Demon Kings had each occupied a prosperous city in the Magic City. They had gone on a wild rampage. The Forbidden Curse Association had to assign members to keep these Emperor-level Ocean Demons in check. However, the Demon Lord posed a tremendous threat to the humans, hence the Forbidden Curse Association assigned the Forbidden Mages to restrain it.

There were very few Forbidden Mages who could fight a brutal Emperor-level Ocean Demon alone.

However, they had never expected the Multicolored Demon King and Demonic Ruins White Spider to be smashed at the terrifying Demon Lord like soccer balls!

Bam! Bam!

The Demon Lord’s Prime Waves served as an indestructible shell. Even though the Multicolored Demon Lord and Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor were flung at it, the two Demon Kings just bounced away.

The Multicolored Demon Lord was covered in blood. Its neck that was filled with poisonous flesh had been ripped to shreds. On its back were shocking claw marks. Its tail and forelimbs had been severed. It died in agony.

Meanwhile, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s spinneret had been torn apart. White blood gushed out like a flowing stream.

The filaments of silk all over its body that were as hard as iron had been shattered. The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor landed at the Huangpu River. As it got up, it was still a bit shaky. It half-prostrated its body as it looked up at the dark shadow in the sky in panic.

“Who lured these two Emperor-level Ocean Demons over here?!” Fire God shouted.

The Forbidden Mages had exhausted their energy in fighting the Demon Lord. With the addition of the two Emperor-level Ocean Demons in the fight, how were they supposed to take on these Ocean Demons?

“They look like they are severely wounded,” said an elder Forbidden Mage.

President Hong Wu frowned as he stared at the two Emperor-level Ocean Demons. He was confused, too.

He wondered why the two Emperor-level Ocean Demons rampaging through the cities would appear here of all places. More than that, he was confused why those demons were so severely wounded.

The two Emperor-level Ocean Demons had lost their arrogance and demonic aura. They stared at the clouds as if their great enemy was approaching them.

‘Was there something more terrifying above the clouds? Was that the reason the two Ocean Demons were so afraid and panicked?’