Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2862: The Divine Throne and the Gathering of Demons

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Even though Mo Fan stood between the Azure Dragon’s horns, he did not have many expressions on his face.

Countless people looked up at him and the Azure Dragon. He and the Azure Dragon saw how the people in the Magic City had struggled and exhausted themselves in defending the city. The people were wounded, yet they continued to fight the war.

… Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Everyone deserved respect.

Mo Fan noticed the people were looking up at them from the ashes, ruins, and war. They fixed their gaze on him and the Azure Dragon. However, he did not feel glorious or proud. Instead, he felt he was given a heavy duty.

‘Who could stay out of all this trouble?’

No one could. That was the reason why all of them held on even today.

Hawk!

The Cold Moon Demon Lord had been very calm but now it made a strange sound.

It sounded like an evil army’s trumpet. It could summon all the Ocean Demons in the city and make the icy cold sea water that had flooded the city surge to great heights.

The Magic City was large. Giant Ocean Demons wreaked havoc in every urban area. Upon hearing the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s trumpet, there was an uproar in the Magic City. The Ocean Demons’ hisses rang throughout the city and the sky.

A Manatee Demon from the Treasure Mountain charged towards the Bund.

A Black Squid Demon crawled up from Xu Hui’s sewerage system. It trampled the buildings under its feet.

A Lan Dragon Demon charged at the Bund from the east of the Rainbow Airport.

The Lord of Shark Man was awakened in a tennis court at Changning. It swayed its black-golden body and flew towards the Bund.

At Pudong area, the Salamander Emperor and Extreme Shell Demon leaped over Song Qiming and his group’s defense line and charged at the Lu Family’s Mouth. The Salamander and Shell Demons army did not continue to march forward. Under the intimidation of the Azure Dragon, lower-class demons such as the Salamanders and Shell Demons were weak in their knees.

The Ocean Demons were grouping together!

Apparently, the Cold Moon Demon Lord was the primary perpetrator of the attack on the Magic City. The moment it made the sound of a trumpet, all the Ocean Demon chiefs across the Magic City gathered together. They flocked to the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s throne at the Huangpu River.

The Ocean Demons’ gathering included the severely wounded Multicolored Demon King and the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor. After the Ocean Godly Horde was assembled, they became more courageous. They held their heads high and hissed provocatively and furiously at the Azure Dragon in the sky.

One could enjoy the view of the Dongfang Oriental Tower, Shanghai Tower, Universal Financial Center, Jinmao Tower, and other skyscrapers from the Bund.

They could enjoy the prosperity of the city and magnificent high-rise buildings in the modern era.

However, after the Cold Moon Demon Lord sounded the trumpet, various Ocean Demons took over the place. They were huge and ferocious. They bared their fangs and exuded demonic auras, as if a tsunami was incoming.

Lightning flashed and thunder struck. The sky was dark. Strong wind blew. The city was filled with ashes. The dark world seemed to be coming to an end.

For a moment, the Ocean Demons looked as if they had gained an upper hand in the war. They formed piles of demonic mountain ridges that were higher than the skyscrapers and almost reached the dark skyline.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord was the leader of the horde. The Emperor-level Ocean Demon was on its throne and acted like the Demon of Destruction. It despised all the puny lives of the world!

When the citizens saw the Ocean Demons on such a large-scale, their glimmer of hope faded once again.

They were trapped in the Magic City. The city was huge. These people were already on the verge of breaking down just by witnessing the Ocean Demons and Ocean Demon chiefs rampaging through their cities. At that moment, the entire Magic City was filled with Ocean Demons. The Ocean Demons at the Pudong continued to gather at the Huangpu River. The sight was too horrific.

Even the appearance of a single Ocean Demon in the human world was considered a terrifying disaster, let alone the appearance of dozens of them!

Roar! Hiss!

Their hissing rang throughout the Magic City. The sound came from the little demons.

There were many little demons. They roamed about the city and hunted down the mage groups. When the Azure Dragon appeared, the Ocean Demons all over the city trembled in fear and burrowed into the sea. They dared not show up before the Azure Dragon.

But after the Ocean Demons were summoned and gathered, the army showed up from the water. They responded to the Cold Moon Demon Lord and other Ocean Demon chiefs’ forces and hissed at the sacred totem Azure Dragon in the sky.

The Ocean Demons that had been fighting on their own had reunited. They wanted to fight the Azure Dragon and kill it. Their roars and hisses were deafening.

The Azure Dragon’s body was fully revealed. They saw its large green body in the space above the sky. It did not seem to belong to this world.

It was as majestic as ever. It fixed its gaze at the Ocean Demons. The Lord of Shark Man flew past the Azure Dragon, trying to provoke it but the Azure Dragon remained motionless.

It allowed the Ocean Demons to group together.

The Magic City could not hold back another round of attack. After the Ocean Demon chiefs left the areas where they had wreaked havoc, the people in those areas breathed a sigh of relief. The Mages still had a chance of survival.

Guarding the city was even more difficult than destroying it. Mo Fan had always been aware of this truth, and the Azure Dragon understood him.

“We are never alone,” Mo Fan said while touching its horn.

In the past, Mo Fan had always spoken to his pendant. At that moment, his pendant had returned to the sky, and it finally responded to him.

Roar!

The Azure Dragon’s roars resounded everywhere.

Figures glowing in holy light moved towards the intersection between the grayish sky and the earth in the Magic City from every direction.

The Huangpu River was flooded. An enormous silhouette, the size of an island, gradually emerged from the deep flow of the stream. People felt fearful just by looking at it.

Splash!

There was a blast from the stream, and the waves struck several Ruler-level Ocean Demons. The next moment, an enormous ocean beast appeared!

Its majestic armor was carved with ancient marks. It stepped on the whirling vortex with its powerful limbs. Two whiskers drooped from its mouth. They were hundreds of meters long. It was ancient and exuded an imposing aura!

“It’s the Black Totem Turtle!”

Several mages from the Forbidden Curse Association recognized the Black Totem Turtle glowing in blue, and they cried out in shock.

For a moment, they thought another round of great Ocean Demons had gathered again. They had never expected it to be an ancient totem beast.

According to hearsay, the Black Totem Turtle had appeared in Xiamen and defeated the Twin Plague Demon!

The Black Totem Turtle was just like the guardian of Hang Zhou, it came to protect humans.

Swish!

Green poisonous gas appeared on the Huangpu River like a tornado. The next moment, a giant snake covered in scales appeared at the riverside of the Bund. It rose. It was magnificent and was comparable to those Ocean Demon chiefs. Its eyes gleamed as it stared at the Ocean Demons.

It was the Black Totem Snake!

The Black Totem Snake’s scales shimmered even more brightly than the last time they had seen it. It looked different. It gave off an air of divinity, as if it could reenter the realm of the holy at any time.

The glow from the Black Totem Snake and the Black Totem Turtle reflected on each other. For a moment, the two great totem beasts seemed to have advanced to a new level. They exuded an imposing aura. Their auras intimidated the Ocean Demon Kings!

Even Mo Fan was struck dumb when he saw them.

This was the first time the Black Totem Snake and the Black Totem Turtle had met, and their encounter inspired each other to unleash their totem beast sacred power!