Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2865: The Black Totem Turtle Vs The White Spider Emperor

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Azure Dragon sucked in a deep breath before spitting a windstorm at the Ocean Demons.

The windstorm easily pushed the river water to the clouds and killed half of the Ocean Demons.

The windstorm contained powerful wind erosion ability. The creatures covered in hard armors and scales shattered in pieces and decayed rapidly. This was especially so for the Salamander Emperor and the Extreme Shell Demon from Pudong.

The Azure Dragon weathered their thick and hard shells and armors through the windstorm. As a result, the Ocean Demons revealed their hideous forms. Without their shells and armors, their combat capabilities dropped significantly.

Most of the Ocean Demons were covered in hard armors, steel scales and thick shells, but the Azure Dragon’s windstorm acted corrosively on their skin. The Cold Moon Demon Lord was hiding within its Prime Waves. When it saw what the Azure Dragon did to its demons, it could no longer hold itself back.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord gradually expanded its Prime Waves that turned into terrifying blue claws. It aimed at the Azure Dragon’s throat.

The appearance of the blue claws was like a devil from the pond of death. It looked grotesque. Mo Fan did not notice the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s attack. By the time he saw it, it had grabbed the Azure Dragon’s throat with its hideous claws.

The Azure Dragon’s windstorm came to a halt. The Cold Moon Demon Lord increased its evil power and attempted to break the Azure Dragon’s neck. Countless evil spirits surrounded and danced around the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s claws as they clung on the Azure Dragon’s neck.

The Azure Dragon lost its balance. Mo Fan turned around. He did not know how to help it to break free of the evil curse. But the Azure Dragon was a sacred totem beast. It would not be easily wounded. The ancient holy scales glowed brightly, and it slowly raised its head.

Roar!

Its majestic roar shook all the evil spirits away.

The Azure Dragon moved rapidly. The wind blew because of its movement and brought up a terrifying storm that covered dozens of kilometers.

Its holy scales glowed brightly. The Azure Dragon were fearless when confronting hundreds and thousands of Ocean Demons. It crossed the river and charged at the massive Ocean Demons that were as tall as the skyscrapers.

Its front claws touched the ground. Its claws unleashed a green dragon thunderbolt and shattered the Ruler-level Ice Ax Manatee. The frightening and powerful Ice Ax Manatee instantly turned into ashes.

It smashed at the Ocean Demons with its lengthy body made up of Ancient Great Walls. The Ocean Demons fled everywhere. Several Lizard Dragon Demons reacted too slowly and turned into puddles of meat pies because of the clash.

The demon spell lit up. More than a dozen of the Ruler-level Ocean Demons lunged at the Azure Dragon’s throat. They received the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s instructions and attacked the Azure Dragon’s throat again. The throat was now the most vulnerable part as it had been cursed with the evil spell. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The Azure Dragon’s holy scales glowed dazzlingly. The Ruler-level Ocean Demons looked as if they were gnawing on a raging green divine lightning. The lightning counterattacked them. They were either paralyzed on the ground or sent flying away.

Chiiiiik!

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor roared. The Emperor-level Ocean Demons were the only ones that could threaten the Azure Dragon even slightly.

As the Ocean Demons surrounded the Azure Dragon, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s narrow eyes looked at it with malice. It aimed at the Azure Dragon’s throat.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor lunged. Even though it was large, it moved as swiftly as lightning. When it clashed with its enemy, it inflicted tremendous damage on them especially with its razor-sharp tentacles!

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s tentacles were like white death scythes. It could pierce the Azure Dragon’s throat.

The Azure Dragon was enormous. It floated in the sky like a mythical mountain. It would be difficult for it to avoid some of the attacks, especially an Emperor-level Ocean Demon’s ambush.

The Azure Dragon had destroyed the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s spinneret on its back. The enraged Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor aimed to fatally wound the Azure Dragon’s throat with every single attack!

Kwak!

Following a majestic roar was a black-brown gigantic figure leaping in midair. It smashed at the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor with its ancient turtle armor that was as thick and heavy as an island.

Before the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor could complete its Nine Hundred Spider-killing Scythes, it was blasted away like a white cannonball downstream into Pudong.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor crawled up. Its legs were long. It stood on the flowing river. Its skin was previously white but now it had turned green and blue. It glowed in faint eerie light. Apparently, it had boiled.

The Black Totem Turtle came from the Dark Tortoise lineage. It was born to fight in a war. It approached the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor with heavy feet thudding on the ground.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor flashed by. It was as fast as lightning. The white light cut through the tumbling river and the luxurious buildings on the riverside. Terrifying cracks appeared between heaven and earth. It was a frightening sight to behold.

It was clear that the Black Totem Turtle could not move as fast as the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor. The sacred symbols glowed on its shell which were like that of the Azure Dragon. But the Black Totem Turtle’s symbols were not as complete as the Azure Dragon’s seal of the sacred totem beast.

Still, the Black Totem Turtle’s incomplete symbols on its shell unleashed amazing protective powers. Like the interlaced laser light, its brown, ancient, and cursed shell glowed magnificently and formed a huge shield that arched over most of the river.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor slashed the Black Totem Turtle’s arc shield which made a loud piercing sound. Still, it could not hurt the Black Totem Turtle.

The Black Totem Turtle stood up. It smashed the air with its reef-like muscular forelimbs. An ancient bell appeared in the air. The ancient bell issued a divine sound wave and lifted up the moving Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor.

Kwak!

The Black Totem Turtle finally located the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor. It then tucked into its ancient martial turtle armor and turned into a huge, round turtle armor before sinking into the tumbling stream.

…

The Black Totem Turtle disappeared suddenly. The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was dizzy because of the sound wave. The next moment, there was a blast on the river surface three kilometers away. A thick and heavy turtle armor that resembled a golden wheel smashed at the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was facing the sky. It fell into the river downstream once again. A steel bridge collapsed. Its carcass was smashed into the tumbling waves in the river.

“Without the steel-like body made up of filaments of silk, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s combat capability is greatly reduced,” Feng Li said with excitement upon seeing the sight.

When the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was in Jing An, it was covered in steel brackets made up of the filaments of silk.