Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2866: Difficult to Inflict Damage On It

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor had absorbed many Mages’ life source to replenish energy for its spinneret and spit out more sticky filaments of silk. When it fought, the massive spinneret served as its white, large steel body. It horrified everyone.

But it had been too arrogant. It had provoked the Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon grabbed it and lifted it up into the sky and shattered its white, massive, steel-like body into pieces. The Azure Dragon also destroyed its spinneret.

When the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was at its strongest, the Azure Dragon had delivered a severe blow to it. Without the spinneret on its back, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor lost its strongest weapon. Thus, its combat capabilities had dropped drastically.

Still, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was not weak.

!!

It was, after all, an Emperor-level Ocean Demon. Even though it lost its strongest Emperor-level ability, it could still kill the powerful Super-level and Emperor-level creatures effortlessly.

The Black Totem Turtle’s power was close to an Emperor-level. This was especially after it contacted the Black Totem Snake. After they interacted with each other, they glowed brightly compared to other totem beasts.

Under the brilliant holy light, it was still as majestic as ever despite the incomplete ancient symbols on its shell.

The Demonic White Spider Emperor crawled up from the broken bridge at the Huangpu River. Its abdomen was severely wounded. Blood gushed out of its wound.

It was clear that the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was severely wounded once again. The Black Totem Turtle was a Supreme-level totem beast. Under the sacred totem Azure Dragon’s radiance, the Black Totem Turtle possessed power that enabled it to fight an Emperor-level creature with ease.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor groaned. Just then, a Sea Devil Spider King glowing in red crawled over to it. It stared at the Black Totem Turtle in fear.

The Red Sea Devil Spider King was an enormous creature. Still, it was tiny before an Emperor-level creature. Its long tentacles appeared on the sea surface, but they trembled. It was afraid of the Black Totem Turtle landing on it and turning it into a dead specimen.

But the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor had no intention of letting the Red Sea Devil Spider King help. The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor spread its white tentacles and hopped onto the Red Sea Devil Spider King. Its abdomen was wounded, but the wounded abdomen revealed countless fangs.

‘Why were there fangs inside its wound?!’

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s wound turned into a large mouth and bit the Red Sea Devil Spider King.

The Red Sea Devil Spider King struggled to break free. It groaned in pain, but the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor did not let it flee.

The fangs inside its wound gnawed the Red Sea Devil Spider King and shredded it into pieces before swallowing it.

After the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor devoured the Ruler-level Red Sea Devil Spider King, filaments of silk grew around its wound. The sticky filaments of silk quickly became flesh, skin, and armor. It was rejuvenating!

Chiiiik!

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor let out a maniacal laughter, as if it was mocking the Black Totem Turtle for launching a meaningless attack.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor had recovered. The wound on its abdomen was gone. But it had not recovered from the damage inflicted by the Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon was within a sea of Ocean Demons. It was killing hundreds of them. Since the Black Totem Turtle had targeted the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor, it had to kill it. But the Black Totem Turtle was at a loss when it witnessed the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s strange ability to devour and rejuvenate.

If the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor could recuperate by devouring other creatures, the Black Totem Turtle must kill it in a single blow. Otherwise, it would only be wasting its energy.

...

Meanwhile, the Cold Moon Demon Lord remained standing in its Primes Waves. It had not cast its true demonic spell.

The Demon Lord seemed to be concocting a terrifying plan. It did not unleash all its power on the Azure Dragon. It would only stop the Azure Dragon when it cast some overbearing totem divine ability.

Mo Fan found the Demon Lord’s behavior to be strange. The Ocean Demons surrounding the Prime Waves protected the Cold Moon Demon Lord without caring much about the others. As long as the Azure Dragon did not directly threaten the Cold Moon Demon Lord, it would not make a move.

Mo Fan frowned. ‘Is the Cold Moon Demon Lord truly so arrogant that it can maintain such indifference even against the Azure Dragon? Is it more powerful than the Azure Dragon?’

The Azure Dragon’s level of power was closely related to the seal of the sacred totem beast. If they were able to find a more completed seal of the totem beast, the Azure Dragon could become stronger.

The same applied to the other totem beasts. If they could discover more totem beasts, they could reflect on one another, and their sacred totem beast power would increase.

The Black Totem Snake and the Black Totem Turtle had obviously benefited from this. They both glowed dazzlingly. Under the sacred totem Azure Dragon’s glow, the two totem beasts could even fight with Emperor-level creatures.

The seal of the totem beasts on the Azure Dragon was incomplete. But with the nourishment from the Underground Holy Spring, it was still a supreme creature among the Emperor-level creatures.

‘Then, why does the Cold Moon Demon Lord look so calm and at peace? Could there be any other hidden plot?’ Mo Fan wondered.

“Little Loach... I mean, Azure Dragon, strike it with divine lightning!” said Mo Fan.

The Azure Dragon flew into the sky. More than a dozen of Ocean Demons clung to its body. The Azure Dragon shook its body and sent the Ocean Demons flying several kilometers away.

Its horns unleashed dense green divine lightning in the dark sky. The lightning interlaced and covered the sky above the Bund including the Ocean Demons.

Bam!

A beam of divine lightning struck the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s Prime Waves. When the lightning struck, thousands of green ripples appeared on the river and land. Countless Ocean Demons were turned to ashes including several Ruler-level Ocean Demons that had been protecting the Cold Moon Demon Lord. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The terrifying divine lightning killed the Ruler-level Ocean Demons effortlessly. The Emperor-level Ocean Demons that were unable to avoid it in time were severely wounded.

However, the Prime Waves remained unaffected. The Cold Moon Demon Lord was protected inside the Prime Waves Fortress. It turned to the Azure Dragon, mockingly.

Mo Fan was shocked. So was the Azure Dragon.

‘Why did the lightning have no effect on it? Was the Demon Lord more than just an Emperor-level creature?’ Mo Fan pondered.

Perhaps the Cold Moon Demon Lord was in the same grade as the Dark King. Emperor-level creatures were just pawns that it could toy with.

Thus far, the Dark King was the strongest creature Mo Fan had ever encountered.

Regardless of whether it was the Black Dragon Emperor or the Chairman of Asia, Su Lu, they were like puppets to him. They could easily change the rules of heaven and Earth and laws of attraction.

If the Demon Lord was at the same level as those two, Mo Fan wondered if they still stood a chance of winning this war.