Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2869: Lan Dragon Demon

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Azure Dragon understood and stared at the two emperor-level Ocean Demons.

The Lord of the Shark Men was a relatively powerful creature among the emperor-level Ocean Demons. Unlike the Giant Shark Beast, the Lord of the Shark Men had uneven skin and body. Other people would even mistake it for an offshore mine if it floated on the sea.

It had all kinds of deep-sea ores all over its body. These ores had different colors. They looked like agates, coral fossils, and pearls, making the Lord of the Shark Men look very luxurious.

The meteorites the Azure Dragon summoned were strong. The Ocean Demons below emperor-level would die easily if the meteorites hit them.

The Lord of the Shark Men liked to provoke. It flounced its body full of precious ores and showed its shining teeth. The Azure Dragon slowly opened its mouth and inhaled.

On the east and west banks of the Huangpu River, waves of air rolled past. After a few seconds, just as the airflow in the world seemed to have stopped, and there was no wind, a big blue cyclone appeared around the Azure Dragon’s mouth.

The Azure Dragon spat out the cyclone horizontally. The cyclone grew bigger as it left its maw.

Blue meteorites still fell from the sky. When these meteorites tumbled into the cyclone of the Azure Dragon, it turned into a blue whirlwind and sucked the Lord of the Shark Men from the Huangpu River.

The cyclone overturned the Lord of the Shark Men and countless Ocean Demons. The meteorites also smashed some unlucky ocean beasts to pieces.

The cyclone passed by the river and killed the Ocean Demons as well. The Ocean Demons were as vulnerable and pitiful as the Servant-class and Warrior-level creatures.

The Lord of the Shark Men fell on the east of the Lu Family’s Mouth, and some of the precious ores on his body had fallen off. The hot-tempered Lord of the Shark Men flew up and glowed red like a volcano.

The hot magma splashed and flowed through the odd-shaped holes on the Lord of the Shark Men’s skin, turning it into a mountain burning with magma. It rushed with the magma to hit the Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon raised its head and ignored the attack of the Lord of the Shark Men. It only stared at the Lord of the Shark Men. Suddenly, the surrounding space trembled, including a large area behind the Bund.

This area was full of Forbidden Mages, emperor-level creatures, ruler-level creatures, and Super Level Mages. The buildings in the city had long been destroyed and thrown in the sea.

The Azure Dragon used its mind and suspended the stones, tiles, bricks, marble, sand, steel, and cement in these ruins. It had controlled half of the ruins in the city and used them to build an old stone gate.

The Lord of the Shark Men was aggressive. It wanted to burn the Azure Dragon with its body full of burning magma, but a stone gate made of half of the ruins in the city blocked its path.

The stone gate was sturdy. Even the Lord of the Shark Men could not break it. After hitting the stone gate, the Lord of the Shark Men became dizzy, and most of the magma on its body was extinguished.

The Lan Dragon Demon crossed the Azure Dragon and rushed to the Dragon Wall while the Lord of the Shark Men tried to attack the Azure Dragon. Their target was Mo Fan, so they did not need to fight with the Azure Dragon.

The Lan Dragon Demon could move freely in the air at a high speed like an electric eel in the deep sea. The Azure Dragon sensed it and used its body to block the Lan Dragon Demon. However, it still could not stop the strange movement of the Lan Dragon Demon.

Unless the Azure Dragon focused wholly on dealing with the Lan Dragon Demon, it would wander around its tail.

The Azure Dragon had a giant body. Despite several meanderings in the air and on the ground, its tail was in the People’s Park, and its head was in the river.

Lions and elephants hardly noticed the insects on their back and hind legs. Similarly, the Lan Dragon Demon was not a huge creature. Its dragon bloodline and appearance made it easier to get into the blind spot of the Azure Dragon.

Dean Xiao’s formation was at the People’s Park. One-fifth of the dark pattern of the Medium Formation was lit up.

Ten minutes had passed. Dean Xiao needed fifty minutes to complete this formation. It was not that long of a time. Inexperience Forbidden Mages would take a few days to complete such a formation if they were careful enough not to destroy the energy node.

A sharp cry rang out which made Mo Fan’s head hurt. He looked up and saw an evil dragon with dark glass patterns appear on the Dragon Wall. The cry came from it.

This dragon had claws that looked like a lizard’s claws. It was slowly crawling through the Dragon Wall to the Medium Formation.

“Dean Xiao. Dean Xiao,” Mo Fan called.

Dean Xiao closed his eyes and ignored everything. Mo Fan was anxious and fearful.

The Lan Dragon Demon was an emperor-level creature. If it jumped over the Dragon Wall, Mo Fan would not be able to withstand its demonic spells.

“I-I will protect you,” said Jiang Shaoli. He spoke without much conviction. The reason was that he was a Forbidden Mage but could not complete a Forbidden Curse alone. It would be difficult for someone like that to fight an emperor-level creature. Jiang Shaoli meant well but his protection would be useless against an emperor-level creature.

Mo Fan looked at the Little White Tiger. It was fighting outside the Dragon Wall. The frozen crystals on its body were expanding, but Mo Fan could not see it.

The Little White Tiger had not obtained many Seals of Totem Beast, so it could not win against the Lan Dragon Demon either.

The Dragon Wall moved and became a maze-like wall, which separated Mo Fan and the Lan Dragon Demon. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The Lan Dragon Demon was cunning. When it realized that the Azure Dragon had spotted it, it immediately disappeared from the Dragon Wall.

Although Mo Fan could not see the Lan Dragon Demon, he could sense it. It was using a special method to stare at him.

Mo Fan knew that it would appear again. It was waiting for the Azure Dragon to shift its attention to other creatures.