Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2871: Vengeance Ocean

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Black Totem Snake understood what the Black Totem Turtle wanted.

In the past, the Black Totem Snake usually released poisonous fog on a large area to incapacitate every creature within range so they could not move. However, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor would notice it. Therefore, the Black Totem Snake released poison less noticeably.

It peeled off some of its scales which turned into water snakes when they touched the seawater. The snakes swimming in the river glowed with blue light. Some people might even mistake them for discarded plastics or leathers.

They targeted a group of Giant Lizard Dragons and entered their bodies secretly. The Giant Lizard Dragons did not notice the poisonous water snakes. Soon, the poisonous snakes began to spread poison from an artery to their whole bodies.

The poison would not take effect immediately. It would first eat away at the organs by assimilating into the blood. But it would not touch the heart and the head so the demons would not die.

High-level creatures could self-examine and find deadly poisons in their bodies. They could make their bodies secrete antidotes to keep themselves alive.

The poison of the Black Totem Snake was more advanced than crude, deadly poisons. It would leave the brain and heart of the creature untouched so that the creature would assume that its body functioned normally and would not notice it until it was too late. When its body slowly decayed because of the poison, it would be too late for the creature to secrete antidotes to save itself. Those Giant Lizard Dragons would not notice the water snakes eating away at their organs very slowly.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emeperor would be fooled into eating these Giant Lizard Dragons when it needed to regenerate, thereby poisoning itself.

As they expected, the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor devoured the Giant Lizard Dragons again. It was like a hungry beast and ate every Giant Lizard Dragon around it. After eating three Giant Lizard Dragons in a row, the spinnerets at its back began to grow and spit out ghost silks on the surroundings.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor let out a cry as though it was laughing. It sounded terrifying. It was happy because it could now create ghost silks again so it wouldn’t take long for it to be fully armed and metamorphose into White Iron Spider Emperor.

Unless it fought head-to-head, no emperor-level creature could defeat it when it was in this form!

More white ghost silks came out of the recovered spinnerets. They were sticky and could wrap many creatures and buildings in the surroundings at a time. White spider silks covered Hongkou District.

A white nest appeared in the city again. Suddenly, the body of the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor twitched. Its claws scratched on the ground, as if its chest was burning.

The ghost silks it secreted softened for some reason. As they softened, they became liquid like ice cream, making Hongkou District look like it had been splattered with paint.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor seemed to have grown older, and its middle claw suddenly fell off. The hard armor, muscles, sharp tentacles, and sturdy claws became corrupted and fell off as well.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was furious. It finally realized that it was poisoned!

The White Spider Emperor was a venomous creature. It was not tortured to death by the poison in its body. It began to stab into its own body with its front claws, releasing all the poisonous blood.

you are reading on our content copy site.Please copy and search this link " https://bom.so/sBJMIa " to support us

The White Spider Emperor drank a lot of river water to make up for the lost blood in its body. However, it hurriedly stopped drinking when it found out that the river was full of poisonous water snakes. It stared at the Black Totem Snake, and its hatred was palpable.

The Black Totem Snake would not let the vicious Ocean Demons go. When the Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor was poisoned, the Black Totem Snake attacked it. The flickering holy scales all over its body acted as an indestructible armor, so it wasn’t afraid of hand-to-hand combat.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor and Lan Dragon Demon began to rely on each other. The Lan Dragon Demon tried to use the Deep-Sea Dragon Empire in Hongkou District to block the attacks of the Black Totem Snake and Black Totem Turtle. However, the Super-level Union attacked right after the Deep-Sea Lizard Demon Dragon Troop gathered.

There were hundreds of people above the Hongkou District, and most of them were masters from renowned families. The Super-Level magic, jointly chanted, hovered and superimposed in the sky. A magical storm shaped like a black hole formed over the Hongkou District and the other side of the river.

The Lizard Demon Dragon Troop suffered heavy losses. The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor and Lan Dragon Demon were injured to varying degrees in the attack.

The Black Totem Snake and Black Totem Turtle were affected as well. The magical storm could not distinguish the target and attack everyone equally. The Black Totem Snake and Black Totem Turtle endured with the Scale Pattern of Sacred Totem Beast. Even though the magical storm would injure them, they could not let the two emperor-level creatures flee.

The Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor and Lan Dragon Demon could recover at a high speed. Demonic Ruins White Spider Emperor’s body released snake poison just as quickly as the Lan Dragon Demon’s tail grew. To kill them, they would have to pay the price.

“Keep on attacking. The two Totems can hold their own,” said Zhao Manyan.

Zhao Manyan rode on the Black Totem Turtle elegantly. He had become the spiritual leader of the union of renowned families. If they could kill the two powerful emperor-level creatures, it could boost the morale of the Magic City.

“I’m here to help!” The Fire God appeared. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

He flew in the sky with a powerful Forbidden Curse. A red Sky Pool floated above the Fire God. When he shouted, the red Sky Pool slowly tilted and poured down the Fire of Sky Pool toward the ocean on the other side of the river.

The Fire of Sky Pool was an extremely powerful Forbidden Curse, almost comparable to the joint magic of Super-Level Mages. It was hard to imagine that a single person’s power could surpass that of many top Mages. He was a true Forbidden Mage!

The Fire of Sky Pool had killed many Lizard Demon Dragons. The furnace of the gods rolled down on the world, and the two emperor-level Ocean Demons could only struggle to survive in the Fire of Sky Pool.

If they were in a good condition, had evil dragon skin, or had a white iron body, they would have sustained minor injuries. However, they were already injured so the Fire of Sky Pool dealt them a fatal blow.