Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2878: The Demonic Ocean Skeleton

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“If we cut the connection between the Ocean Demon with the Undead from China’s continental shelf, we can significantly reduce the threat,” said the Chief of the Eastern Mage.

“Theoretically, it works. We’ll do it according to your suggestion. Councilman Gu, Chief Zhu, you two will assist Lingyin Monk. Get rid of the Undead’s hostile energy as soon as possible!” said President Hong Wu.

Chief Zhu and Councilman Gu nodded. They looked up at the higher ground and realized the Cold Moon Demon Lord was casting an evil spell with extreme coldness that froze the Azure Dragon’s Sacred Dragon palace.

The Azure Dragon turned to ice. It could not maintain that posture for long. It shook its body and flung the polar ice away.

It was through the Azure Dragon’s minor movement that the Cold Moon Demon Lord and the Ocean Queen broke free of its grasp. They flew toward the Pudong sea area.

The Azure Dragon was about to chase after them when the Lord of the Shark Men and a Demonic Ocean Skeleton appeared. They stood in the Azure Dragon’s way!

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton was covered in blood red tide. Through its translucent liquid skin, it could be seen that its body was covered in whale ocean beast and shark ocean beast’s vertebrae. Compared to the King Skeleton rampaging through the Pudong sea area, the Demonic Ocean Skeleton was the true warrior of the Ocean Skeleton!

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton was the ruler of the Ocean Skeleton! When the aloof Undead Red Bone Demon appeared, nine King Skeletons appeared from among the Undead army.

The King Skeletons were made up of red-brown tides. Their bones were made up of numerous rusty demonic bone structures. When they traversed through the middle of the Undead army, they stood out like giants.

They exuded an obvious demonic aura. The nine King Skeletons were not as great as the one Mo Fan had killed.

The one Mo Fan had killed had a fossil of the powerful Chongming Divine Bird on its spine, after all. With the fossil, the King Skeleton could restore itself through the black sea water. Its regeneration ability had caused tremendous trouble and damage to the army at the Pudong battle.

It was a wise decision that the Forbidden Mage had not fought it at that moment. The Mirage Dragon King Ant Mother would have killed the Forbidden Mage together with the Apex-grade experts in a single sweep.

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton’s body size was at the same level as the Mountain Zombie. When it stood up, its backbone faced the sky. Numerous red cartilages sprang up from its backbone. The cartilages were long and thick. They wrapped around the flying Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon was focused on the Cold Moon Demon Lord and the Ocean Queen. There were many ice remnants around its limbs. The remnants froze its dragon bones and slowed down its movement.

When the red cartilage cords shot at the Azure Dragon, several hundred cartilage cords wrapped around its midsection.

Roar!

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton roared. The nine red-brown King Skeletons gathered. They grabbed the cartilage cords and attempted to drag the Azure Dragon down from the sky.

How could those few decayed skeletons bring down the Azure Dragon with ease? The Azure Dragon soared up into the sky and broke the cartilage cords. It lifted the Demonic Ocean Skeleton and nine King Skeletons up from the land. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton was caught by surprise. It had planned to drag the Azure Dragon down to the land, only to end up being flung into the sky.

When the Ocean Queen saw this, evil light glinted in its red-amber eyes. When it glanced across the Pudong sea area, the Undead army covering the sea water surged in numbers.

The Undeads marched toward the direction of the Demonic Ocean Skeleton. They grabbed the Demonic Ocean Skeleton and its cartilage cords with their claws, tails, and boney arms.

There were hundreds and thousands of Undeads. They united and attempted to drag the Azure Dragon down from the sky!

The Undeads had more strength than most demons. A large number of Undeads moved in unison and tried to pull the cartilage cords down.

Snap! Snap! Snap!

The cartilage cords broke. The Undeads’ arms began to collapse as well due to the extreme force. The red Undead army’s bones shattered. Many powerful Undeads were killed in the middle of direct combat with the Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon was pulled downward slowly. Even though its body was majestic and as huge as a mountain range, it could not withstand the massive Undeads’ strong pull.

The Azure Dragon’s body resembled a mountain range. It smashed onto the red Undeads and stirred up a wave of bones that stretched up to dozens of kilometers. When the Azure Dragon fell, it glided into tens and thousands of Ocean Undeads and crushed them. It was a shocking and horrific sight.

“The Azure Dragon is surrounded by the Undeads.”

“Should we go and help it? What should we do?!”

When the Azure Dragon fell into the middle of the Undead chaos, people panicked.

The Azure Dragon passed by Huangpu River. Huangpu River was protected by many barriers. The Ferris Fortress Barrier had protected the skyscrapers. It could provide the Mages with a certain level of protection and stop the Ocean Demon army for a while.

The human army had made use of the Huangpu River to fight the Ocean Demons and Undeads. It was impossible to cross the Huangpu River and help the Azure Dragon even if they wanted to.

The Azure Dragon fought alone above the Pudong sea area. When it landed, it was surrounded by countless powerful Ocean Demons and brutal Undeads. The cartilage cords wrapped around its body restricted its movement.

Out of desperation, the Azure Dragon fought the endless army on the land. It killed a large number of the Ocean Demons and Undeads in every attack. Thousands of demons were pulverized.

However, the number of the Ocean Demons and Undeads only reduced slightly. As the battle raged, various Ocean Demon hordes and empires united. Unless they could inflict severe damage to the Emperor-level Ocean Demons, the Ocean Demons from the East Ocean and Pacific Ocean would continue to invade the city.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

A strong, massive wind struck the Magic City. The black skyline was visible. It looked as though the skyline was only a few kilometers away from the Magic City.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord’s Eye of the Tide rolled. It continued to manipulate the tides and the Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves.

The Royal Skeleton Queen obstructed the Azure Dragon from interfering with the Cold Moon Demon Lord. The Royal Skeleton Queen had made the Azure Dragon fall into the middle of the Undeads. The Azure Dragon was forced to fight the endless Undead army without any assistance.

The Ocean Queen let out an ear-piercing laugh once again.

With the Demonic Ocean Skeleton and the Undead army continuing to hold back the Azure Dragon, the Magic City was certain to drown in the ocean!