Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2881: The Immortal Black Dragon

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Nine red-brown King Skeletons blocked Mo Fan’s way.

Mo Fan did not know what special connection they had with the previous King Skeleton. But he could sense the deep hostility they conveyed, as if they were enemies from a long time back.

Mo Fan sneered. ‘Do these ugly and hard skeletons think they can block my way?’

Mo Fan held his sword and stabbed the ground. The ruins at the back moved, and Ash Wolves arose and instantly formed an army.

The Ash Wolves roared and rushed toward the nine King Skeletons. The Ash Wolves overpowered the King Skeletons. The wolves bit off their bones and tore off their limbs. The ground was littered with Undeads’ torn bodies.

The Royal Skeleton Queen saw this. It was furious. It was not easy to trap the Azure Dragon, so it could not let it escape.

“Wake up,” the Ocean Queen said to the skeletons on the ground.

The shallow sea of Pudong was full of rusty bones. However, some of these bones had fine black lines on them.

The Black Pattern Iron Bones seemed to have been on standby for a long time. After the Royal Skeleton Queen gave an order, they fit together like pieces of a puzzle of different shapes in the shallow sea.

The Black Pattern Iron Bones were in different positions. Some Black Pattern Iron Bones were very far away but flew like bullets and gathered around Mo Fan and the Azure Dragon.

The long tail was full of thorns. The huge wings were covered with huge fishbone barbs. The lizard-like body was also made of sharp and hard spines.

The black patterns connected and formed the patterns of the Undead. The evil power on it made this newly formed terrifying creature emit a deadly aura.

The black patterned creature roared, and countless rusty bones turned pitch black. They were dismantled from other Undeads and turned into black bone wasps that swarmed in the air.

“Netherbone Dragon?” Chief Zhu and Councilman Gu were shocked.

They tried to suppress the Ocean Queen to break off her connection with the Undeads and relieve some pressure on the Azure Dragon. But no matter how they attacked, the Ocean Queen was still a powerful emperor-level creature which remained unfazed.

The creature she awakened was the legendary underworld demon. It was the emperor of the underworld, who was far superior to the Demonic Ocean Skeleton!

The numerous Dragon Bone Wasps made the Netherbone Dragon even more terrifying. It was hard to imagine that such a legendary creature belonged to the Ocean Queen.

The Netherbone Dragon targeted Mo Fan. The Ocean Queen would not let the Azure Dragon return to the sky. She would try her best to suppress the Azure Dragon and prevent anyone from helping it.

She was not trying to kill the Azure Dragon but trying to protect The Eye of the Tide of the Cold Moon Demon Lord.

The Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves would arrive soon. At that time, more powerful Ocean Demons would arrive. No matter how powerful the Azure Dragon was, how would it be possible to withstand so many emperor-level demons in the entire Pacific Ocean?

…

Mo Fan stared at the vicious Netherbone Dragon and removed the earth equipment he was wearing.

The place was full of Undeads and seawater. The humid air and the breath of the Undead greatly weakened Mo Fan’s Kingdom of Sand.

He could not rely on this power to defeat the tyrannical Netherbone Dragon. However, Mo Fan had another solution.

His overall strength had increased since he transformed into a devil in Dubai. The most important thing was that Mo Fan had not obtained the Black Dragon Soul at that time.

After the Netherbone Dragon appeared, Mo Fan could hear the call of his magic suit. The dragon’s body had been destroyed, but the dragon’s soul was immortal. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Mo Fan would not forget that a giant western dragon was inside his black magic suit. It was the Black Dragon Emperor, who was at the top of the food chain!

“The Devil’s Call: Black Dragon Suit!”

The earth of the Kingdom of Sand slowly dissipated, and the Black Dragon Soul lingered around Mo Fan. The devil bloodline was ultimately powerful among all other abilities. The Black Dragon Suit Mo Fan summoned this time was completely different from the usual. A towering dragon shadow shrouded Mo Fan.

Unlike eastern dragons, the Black Dragon was impressive and huge. It had a thick, broad belly and chest, rather than a long, slender body like the others.

When Mo Fan summoned the Black Dragon Suit, he thought it would shroud him like the earth equipment and transform him into a Black Dragon Warrior. To Mo Fan’s surprise, the Black Dragon Soul seemed to be still alive. It assembled onto Mo Fan’s body and then flew to the sky, turning into a Black Dragon Emperor made of black metal scales.

His whole body was covered with mechs and steels. When he waved his wings, he could hear the mechanical sound of the metals. The Black Dragon Emperor, who had killed itself in the Dark Plane, seemed to have been reborn with this magic suit.

It flew in the sky magnificently. Its meeting with Netherbone Dragon felt like a fated confrontation.

The Netherbone Dragon saw the Black Dragon Emperor and roared. Two legendary western dragons fought with each other. Mo Fan was completely unaware of the situation in front of him.

He vaguely remembered Asha’ruiya once mentioning the Black Dragon Emperor’s enemy from a thousand years ago. After killing it, the Black Dragon Emperor had been seriously injured and hid in the Cloud Cliff of the Tyrant Mountains.

‘Could the Netherbone Dragon be the incarnation of the Black Dragon Emperor’s enemy?’ wondered Mo Fan

Even if they had died long ago, they would not stop fighting. The Netherbone made a comeback with black-patterned skeletons as its body. The Black Dragon Emperor continued this thousand-year battle with the magic suit as its body. The epic had always vividly described the encounter outside the modern city.

Mages of the Forbidden Curse Association were as shocked as Mo Fan.

The two dragons fought feverishly. Every attack could cause the sky to shatter. Other Undeads, including those Ruler-level Undeads, seemed insignificant and vulnerable in front of them. They dared not approach the two dragons at all.

Mo Fan looked at the immortal Black Dragon Emperor and suddenly understood why the dragons had supreme status. It was because they never lost their fighting spirit!

The eastern dragons were the same. When danger came, they would still wake up, even if they were broken, dilapidated, forgotten, or buried in the sand.

It could be buried in the sand, but it could still fly and cover the sky. It was an eternal guardian!