Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2883: Dragon Shadow Spear

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

There were plenty of Ocean Demons, and even more Undeads.

During the short moment Mo Fan fought against the Lord of the Shark Men, the path he had cleared was covered again by the Shark Men and more Undeads.

Their numbers had increased, even more than the ones he had encountered before.

There were Giant Shark Beasts, Chief Sharks, Shark Heroes, Seabed Bone Undeads, Shark Skeletons, Corpsefeasting Fish Kings, and many more.

Meanwhile, the Lord of the Shark Men had returned to Pudong. Its face was turned toward Mo Fan, and it grinned, baring its sharp teeth of diamonds. A grin full of mockery.

Unfortunately, there was not much free ground left. Otherwise, if Mo Fan could equip himself on the earth, he could fight head on against the Lord of the Shark Men.

“Growl!”

Hundreds of Seabed Bone Undeads surged forward from behind Mo Fan. They held a bone staff in their hands. These creatures were known as necromancers of the sea, and Mo Fan saw them shaking their bone staffs at him.

The empty sockets of the skulls on the staffs shone in a wicked, strange, red light. They were casting an evil curse!

Mo Fan hated curses the most. Before the Seabed Bone Undeads could cast their curses, he threw a punch behind him.

When his fist struck air, countless high-voltage lightning bolts shot out and split into even more lightning bolts that shot through the Seabed Bone Undeads’ bodies.

The creatures fell apart, and the bone staffs landed on the ground.

“Growl!”

Thousands of Shark Heroes equipped in ice-blue Frost Armor marched toward him from his right. Some of them rode on Ice Sharks, some held sharp bone forks, and some had underwater heavy axes.

They seemed to have gone through something like the training of a human army, because they

moved as one when they marched forward. They even attacked as one.

However, Mo Fan was prepared. The mud under their feet turned into a churning, black swamp. Countless black tentacles erupted, and they strangled their necks.

To readers! our content is stolen.Please copy and search this link " https://tinyurl.com/39hpcn6j " to support us

Only a handful out of the thousands of Shark Heroes made it out of the execution grounds that was the swamp. The Chief Sharks, who watched from the air, intended to use these Shark Heroes to exhaust Mo Fan’s strength and ambush him during the chaos, but these Shark Heroes were no different from cannon fodders to him. They couldn’t even reach him!

Mo Fan glanced at the Chief Sharks, and his body vanished from the spot like a drop of ink falling into water.

The next moment, Mo Fan appeared on the dorsal fin of a Chief Shark. This was a Chief Shark made of zircon. It was as tough as a zircon. If Mo Fan had not gone through his demonification, he would have had a hard time fighting against this Chief Shark, because it was a ruler among all ruler-level creatures.

Mo Fan held on tight to the Chief Shark’s dorsal fin with one hand and brought his other hand up high before unfurling his fingers a little. A sharp, black dragon spear appeared and shone with a black, metallic glow. A thick aura of death surrounded it.

Whoosh!

The dragon spear pierced through the Chief Shark’s heart. While in his demon form, Mo Fan was like a hunter in the dark. The long and thin Dragon Shadow Spear pierced through the Chief Shark’s back and came out through its stomach. The dark, corrosive powers of the spear spread through the Chief Shark’s body at lightning speed!

The Chief Shark squirmed and struggled in an attempt to throw Mo Fan off, but Mo Fan held onto the Dragon Shadow Spear tightly and poured his power into it. The Chief Shark suddenly plunged and crashed on the ground.

Its body had already eroded completely before it hit the ground. Its zircon skin fell apart due to rot.

The Dragon Shadow Spear continued releasing its corrosive power, and pus grew on the huge Chief Shark’s body before it was reduced to bones.

When Mo Fan withdrew the Dragon Shadow Spear, only black, brittle bones remained of the Chief Shark. It did not even have the chance to turn into an Undead.

“Interesting. Looks like this thing is made specifically to deal with these tough creatures.” Mo Fan’s gaze landed on the Lord of the Shark Men.

Due to having its body made of ores and gemstones, this creature did not even fear facing the Azure Dragon. However, there was nothing in the world which was completely invincible. Even the Titans in Greek mythology were killed by some weapon or another.

Darkness was perfect to take down these ugly and tough creatures!

The Lord of the Shark Men had seen what happened to its subordinate, and it narrowed its small eyes.

Mo Fan suddenly charged forward with speed, and his body practically blurred into a black line. He swung the Dragon Shadow Spear, producing thousands of afterimages for the spear. These afterimages sliced through the air like a black meteor shower and swept past the body of the Lord of the Shark Men!

Just as he had expected, the corrosive power of Darkness was the best method to deal with these creatures. He could see those afterimages leaving behind multiple holes on the creature’s body. These holes were filled with the corrosive power of darkness, and they started gnawing into the Lord of the Shark Men’s tough skin like living worms.

The creature howled. It was in great pain because of the corrosive power.

Its howls summoned its Shark Men army to surround Mo Fan. The air was filled with Giant Shark Beasts, and the ground with Shark Heroes and other subspecies of Shark Men. They were so densely crowded together that they formed a magnificent, terrifying sea of silver-gray.

Mo Fan sneered. He tossed the Dragon Shadow Spear into the cloud of blackness. He saw the cloud exploding into a black vortex. Innumerable number of Dragon Shadow Spears plunged down from within the vortex and stabbed into the ground at the speed of meteors to pierce through the Shark Men army!

Screams of agony rang in the air. The Shark Men army was like the most pitiful of ants before the Dragon Shadow Spear. They died in droves, but the Dragon Shadow Spear continued its attack. Its area of effect was so large that not even the Lord of the Shark Men was safe.

“Chaos: Seal!”

Mo Fan decided to deal an even more brutal blow. Once he was done with casting the Dragon Shadow Spear rain, he cast a Chaos Element spell that spread to a wide area. It copied the Dark Element spell from the Dragon Shadow Spear, and Mo Fan used it to attack the Shark Men’s army again!

If any of them survived, he cast another spell. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Even if they managed to survive, they would be crippled, and stuck with the corrosive power of death.

The Lord of the Shark Men could only watch as its army was slaughtered by Mo Fan’s Dark Element magic. Lava gushed out of its body like a volcano.

The Lord of the Shark Men was a powerful creature. It carried an underwater living volcano in its body. However, if it were to fight Mo Fan with Fire Element magic, it would be marching to its own death!

Mo Fan’s Demon Fire burned, and the light he emanated was even stronger than the light from the Lord of the Shark Men’s volcano. In fact, even the lava that gushed out of the Lord of the Shark Men’s volcano turned into a source for Mo Fan’s Demon Fire!