Chapter 2884: Cocklebur Clams

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Fwoooooooom…

Half of Mo Fan’s body was on fire, while the other half was a cold shadow, making him look sinister.

He ran to the Lord of the Shark Men.

Suddenly, the shadow and fire merged and formed the Black Demon Fire. The Demon Fire instantly crushed all the deep-sea lava on the Lord of the Shark Men’s body and engulfed it!

A black fire was unheard of.

The Lord of the Shark Men twisted and struggled to extinguish the Black Demon Fire. However, the Demon Fire spread faster than normal fire. It burned along the parts of the Lord of the Shark Men’s body which had rotted and used the gas generated from those parts as its fuel and kept burning. The fire became fierce as the necrotic gasses increased.

Around them were the Undeads and the corpses of those that Mo Fan killed with the Dragon Shadow Spear, so the necrotic gas in the area reached its saturation point.

When the black fire burned in such a place, the effect was even more terrifying. The fire burned everything it touched until everything was reduced to ashes.

It was unclear whether the power of the Black Demon Fire was of the Fire Element or the Shadow Element. However, both could turn an object into ashes in an instant. It was even more terrifying when the two merged. The Lord of the Shark Men’s body and the volcano in it had been reduced to ashes by the raging fire.

The Black Demon Fire engulfed the giant body, which even the divine power of the Azure Dragon could not shatter. The arrogant and cruel Lord of the Shark Men screamed and fled to the ocean desperately.

The Black Demon Fire followed it. It would not disappear in a short period. Even if the Lord of the Shark Men got into the deep icy sea, the Black Demon Fire would not extinguish, as it was a special fire that not only could burn at high temperatures, it also contained the scorching ability of the Shadow Element.

…

Mo Fan smiled as he watched the Lord of the Shark Men flee.

Fusion Magic worked best when Mo Fan was in demon form. Otherwise, it would be hard to deal with the Lord of the Shark Men.

Without the Lord of the Shark Men, no one else could stop Mo Fan from moving forward. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The Black Demon Fire did not disappear. The Divine Flaming Snakeking at Mo Fan’s back had become a black divine flame. It was like a snake demon who looked down on all manner of living beings as it ruled the ninth circle of hell.

The Dark Divine Flaming Snakeking began to kill everything on the battlefield. Mo Fan did not need to do anything, as the Dark Divine Flaming Snakeking took care of the demons.

Mo Fan reached the tail of the Azure Dragon and found that its hind claws were trapped in thousands of chondral cords.

The Ocean Undeads crawled on the chondral cords like ergates in a nest of maroon ants. They used their bodies to strengthen the chondral cords. As more Undeads crawled up, the chondral cords became thicker and tougher.

It was no wonder that the Azure Dragon could not escape from it. Since the number of Undeads kept increasing, the Azure Dragon was forced to stay on the ground.

Mo Fan glanced at the Azure Dragon’s tail.

The giant tail of the Azure Dragon stretched from the overpass entrance to the airport expressway. Although the chondral cords did not bind the tail tightly, thousands of clams stuck to it like cockleburs. It was terrifying to see!

The Cocklebur Clams had thin thorns all over their bodies. The Azure Dragon’s scales were big, but it had a soft granite-like skin between the scales, allowing it to twist its body in any way it wanted.

The thorns of the Cocklebur Clams were extremely thin, and they pierced through the soft skin between the scales.

The Azure Dragon had countless sections of the Ancient Great Wall as its body parts. The parts that were broken, cracked, and dilapidated had not been repaired, especially because the ancient wall relics were not well preserved. The soft skin and the broken parts had become the target of those evil Cocklebur Clams, making the entire tail of the Azure Dragon almost completely stiff.

Thousands of Undeads crowded the Azure Dragon’s tail, hind claws, and other parts of its body. If Mo Fan did not remove these parasitic creatures in time, the Azure Dragon would be in danger.

The Azure Dragon roared as it sensed Mo Fan approach. It was trying to tell Mo Fan to take care of the Cocklebur Clams on its tail first.

The Azure Dragon relied heavily on its tail to exert strength. If it became stiff, it would affect its whole body.

“Leave it to me.” Mo Fan jumped onto the Azure Dragon’s tail.

Rows of thorny fins were stuck at the end of the tail. There were hundreds of Cocklebur Clams on the fins, which were the size of a small guard tower.

The Cocklebur Clams not only stung but also made it difficult for the Azure Dragon to lift its tail due to the sheer collective weight of the clams.

Mo Fan looked at them. Pulling them out by force would injure the Azure Dragon’s soft skin, so he could not use violent magic recklessly.

It was a pity that Mo Fan had not mastered Light Element Magic. The Sacred Chants of the Light Element magic could exorcize these skeletons. Mo Fan’s Fire Element and Shadow Element were not lethal to these creatures.

“I can only use Lightning Element. The Azure Dragon also has lightning power. So why didn’t it use divine lightning to kill them?” Mo Fan looked at the Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon’s whiskers were its source of lightning power. He understood why it did not use the divine lightning when he saw that one of its whiskers had fallen off.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord must have been responsible for that. When Mo Fan had rushed to the Azure Dragon, he had seen the Cold Moon Demon Lord cast a demonic spell. After that, he had not seen the Azure Dragon summon lightning bolts.

‘Whisker?’ Mo Fan looked around and saw the fallen whisker of the Azure Dragon in a town four kilometers away. A large group of Corpse-eating Bone Fishes was trying to devour the Azure Dragon’s whisker.

The remaining lightning power of the Azure Dragon was on that whisker.

It would be difficult to wipe out tens and thousands of Cocklebur Clams on the Azure Dragon’s tail with just devil’s lightning. If Mo Fan could absorb a part of the Azure Dragon’s divine lightning, he would be able to wipe out these intractable Undeads quickly.

“Azure Dragon, I’ll get your whisker back, so hold on.”

The Azure Dragon and Mo Fan could understand each other, so it knew about Mo Fan’s plan. Its other whisker began to accumulate lightning while waiting for Mo Fan to get the other whisker back.

…

The Corpse-eating Bone Fishes were a group of low-level Undeads. They were similar to the microbes found in nature and could break down any corpse.

These Corpse-eating Bone Fish would devour and decompose a body at a high speed.

The dragon’s whisker was precious. If this group of Corpse-eating Bone Fish ate the Azure Dragon’s whisker, they would most probably evolve into Bone Fish King. However, the fine thunder velvet on the whisker had powerful lightning and magnetic force. The Corpse-eating Bone Fishes that approached the whisker were electrocuted and reduced to ashes.