Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2886: The Azure Dragon Breaks Free

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

A blue claw appeared and targeted the Cold Moon Demon Lord.

The Mysterious Feather Sacred Totem Beast Soul Shadow at Mo Fan’s back was not complete. It was not enough to find related Totems. However, the afterimage that appeared had an incomparably magnificent aura. The Divine Fire Phoenix had the most powerful flames!

The Cold Moon Demon Lord’s body turned into icy seawater and escaped through the gap between the Azure Dragon’s claws. However, Mo Fan did not intend to let it go that easily. He raised his hands into a prayer pose. The Mysterious Feather Sacred Totem Beast Soul Shadow at his back slowly opened the Empyrean Fire Wings and suddenly attacked the Cold Moon Demon Lord. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

A few of the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s whiskers burned. Its Eye of the Ocean opened and created an island made of seawater. The island pressed on the Empyrean Fire Wings and stopped the powerful fire from burning its body.

As the Azure Dragon and Mo Fan besieged it, the Cold Moon Demon Lord fled.

!!

Mo Fan could feel the viciousness of the evil ruler of the ocean from its eyes. It wished it could turn the misleading memories that Mo Fan had seen into reality to truly break him.

Mo Fan sneered. After rescuing the Azure Dragon, the first thing he wanted to do was to kill the Ocean Evil Mind!

The Cold Moon Demon Lord retreated, and the Royal Skeleton Queen immediately flew over to guard it.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord turned and glanced at the collapsing tides. To kill Mo Fan, who was in the demon form, it concentrated the divine power of the Eye of the Tide on him.

It wanted to stop all the chanting and kill Mo Fan first. However, his willpower was far more tenacious than what it had expected.

Not only did it fail to kill Mo Fan by inducing a mental breakdown, but it had also delayed the arrival of the tide.

It could not afford to be distracted anymore. If it was distracted again, it would delay the arrival of the Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves on this continent.

Right now, he could only let Mo Fan take the Azure Dragon’s fallen whisker away with him.

...

Mo Fan could feel the enormous divine lightning energy in the whisker. Even though it had not returned to the Azure Dragon, the lightning power it released could kill all the Cocklebur Clams.

Mo Fan absorbed the lightning power from the Azure Dragon’s whisker. Then, he merged it with the Space Element and created silver-blue lightning chains.

Lightning chains had a powerful crushing effect. After they touched a Cocklebur Clam, they would quickly turn to the next target and form a chain made of lightning connecting every clam.

The silver-blue lightning chains pierced through tens and thousands of Cocklebur Clams and turned them into powder.

The clams on the soft skin of the Azure Dragon were finally gone, and its tail slowly returned to normal.

Bang!

The Azure Dragon raised its tail and smashed the Undead army. The blue cracks in space branched out like a spider pattern and sucked in the Undeads through them.

After a few smashes, the cracks in space increased in number. Countless Undeads fell into an endless abyss.

Mo Fan was in the middle of the Undead army. He was looking for the chondral chords that trapped the Azure Dragon.

Soon, he found one with Brown Bone Undeads crawling on it. They used their bodies to strengthen the chondral chords. Thousands of Undersea Withered Bone Giant Generals were at one end of the chondral chord. They acted underworld burlaks and tied a part of the Azure Dragon’s body to the ground.

“Go to hell!” Mo Fan raised his hand. The shocking Fire Phoenix Wings slanted like a blade.

The Fire Phoenix Wings injured and killed thousands of Withered Bone Giant Generals. Before the Withered Bone Giant Generals could escape, Mo Fan jumped to the sky and stepped on a burning Fire Boat.

The Fire Boat fell from the cloudy sky and smashed the Withered Bone Giant Generals. Once the Fire Boat touched the ground, it exploded, and the detonation engulfed all the Withered Bone Giant Generals. The vibration even caused the Undead dunes to collapse!

Roar!

Without the pulling of the Withered Bone Giant Generals, the hind claws of the Azure Dragon could finally move. It raised them and broke free from the chondral chords.

The powerful hind claws caught the head of the Demonic Ocean Skeleton and crushed it. Fortunately, skeletons could not grow their heads back.

Its body sent out a chondral chord again which wrapped around the waist of the Azure Dragon.

The tail of the Azure Dragon could move freely, so it didn’t give a chance to the Demonic Ocean Skeleton to trap it anymore.

The Azure Dragon wagged its tail and sent the Demonic Ocean Skeleton, with a mountain-like body, flying more than ten kilometers away. Many strong emperor skeletons fell along the way.

Roar!

The Azure Dragon vented its anger on the despicable Undeads. Every time it wagged its tail, many Undeads were crushed to death.

Its hind claws caught the dune-like Undead army. No creature below emperor-level could escape from its claws.

With its neck finally free, the Azure Dragon raised its head and breathed out on the vast Undead army.

The dragon’s breath was real annihilation. The Undeads did not leave anything behind and vanished altogether.

The Undeads were dying. From the moment the Ocean Undeads came ashore, the army of Ocean Demon had expanded rapidly. However, with the outbreak of the Dragon Deterrence of the Azure Dragon, the red Undead army seemed to have vanished completely.

The Azure Dragon did not need to fly. Even on land, it could use its ancient force to wipe out vulnerable Undeads without using a single divine spell as long as it had its limbs and claws intact.

It attacked all the way back from the Pudong Airport. The Undeads lost tragically. The Azure Dragon had killed countless Undeads by then. The Royal Skeleton Queen could not stay still, and it tried to stop the Azure Dragon.

“Azure Dragon, the Demonic Ocean Skeleton is still around. Let’s kill it first.” Mo Fan stood on the horn of the Azure Dragon once again.

The demon joined forces with the Azure Dragon. The weak Undeads could not withstand it.

Those who wanted to trap the Azure Dragon using the human wave attack would be killed by Mo Fan’s lightning hands.

Without the restriction of the despicable Undeads, the Azure Dragon could kill the skeleton army brutally.

A Divine Beast like the Azure Dragon could crush thousands of Undeads even if it just rolled on them.