Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2887: Divine Throne of the Undead

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Ocean Queen chased after the Azure Dragon, but the Azure Dragon ignored it.

It was not easy to kill the Ocean Queen. However, the Demonic Ocean Skeleton must first pay the price for its previous actions.

The Azure Dragon wagged its tail and plowed through the Undeads. Its body gradually flew off the ground. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

It did not fly very high. Its ventral scale flew over the heads of the Withered Bone Undeads. Many Ocean Undeads retracted their heads, but it was useless. The claw of the Azure Dragon had blue lightning bolts.

“Wag your tail at the Ocean Queen!” Mo Fan looked back and saw that the Ocean Queen was approaching the tail of the Azure Dragon.

Mo Fan did not know what evil demonic spell the Royal Skeleton Queen was about to cast. He saw the space around it become dark red like an esophagus of an ancient monster. It was trying to devour the tail of the Azure Dragon.

The tail of the Azure Dragon had become more flexible. It swung its tail to the sky and summoned a bolt of golden divine lightning.

Boom!

The golden divine lightning sent the Ocean Queen flying, and the terrifying esophagus of a monster disappeared.

The target of Mo Fan and the Azure Dragon was not the Ocean Queen.

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton had not fully regained its consciousness after the attack of the Azure Dragon.

Its Emperor Bones were badly crushed. Mo Fan soon realized the place where the chondral chords appeared had become empty holes, and black blood oozed out.

“Trap it!” Mo Fan hurriedly said to the Azure Dragon when he saw the Demonic Ocean Skeleton trying to escape.

The claw of the Azure Dragon touched the ground, and the mountain-like body flew up.

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton ran on the corpses of the Whitered Bone Undeads. The Azure Dragon slithered in the air like a snake and caught up with the Demonic Ocean Skeleton.

It bit the Demonic Ocean Skeleton, but the Demonic Ocean Skeleton was strong. It tried to break free from the Azure Dragon’s bite by force, but the Azure Dragon did not give it a chance to escape. The Azure Dragon raised and shook its head, throwing the Demonic Ocean Skeleton to the ground.

The Azure Dragon’s claw pressed the Demonic Ocean Skeleton to the ground. The ground cracked, and the surface sank a few meters down.

The Demonic Ocean Skeleton struggled. It tried to break the claw of the Azure Dragon to escape. However, the Azure Dragon pinned the Demonic Ocean Skeleton with increased force and bit its upper body.

Its claw pressed it to the ground, but its head swung up. This wild bite instantly tore the Demonic Ocean Skeleton into two. Blood sprayed out. The scene was gruesome and shocking.

The emperor-level Demonic Ocean Skeleton was completely ripped apart. To prevent its Emperor Bones from reassembling, the Azure Dragon deliberately sprayed blue dragon’s breath on the Emperor Bones.

The dragon’s breath turned the bones of the Demonic Ocean Skeleton into ashes and wiped out the black blood. The Azure Dragon was still angry. It caught a few emperor-level skeletons that kicked it when it was down and bit them to death.

The Royal Skeleton Queen flew to the sky, and the regathered Undead army followed below. The army was as big as a thousand-meter-high mountain, so they looked particularly frightening on the flat ground.

Its amber eyes were full of anger and viciousness. It was because the Azure Dragon had ignored and embarrassed it in front of the Undead army.

Buzz!

A harsh vibration rang in the air. Countless Dragonwasps formed a terrifying forest in the sky and surrounded the Ocean Queen and the Netherbone Dragon.

The Netherbone Dragon had an evil aura. Its back was made up of the corpses of many emperor-level creatures. It looked frightening.

The Ocean Queen stood on top of the head of the Netherbone Dragon. More and more Black Bone Wasps gathered at its back. The aura of the Undeads almost engulfed the entire world.

It stared at the Azure Dragon and Mo Fan resentfully. The Undead army smashed by the Azure Dragon gathered again and climbed onto the other Undeads. Those wriggling figures made the red Undead mountain appear even bigger.

The red Undead mountain was like a Divine Throne of the Undead. It dragged the Ocean Queen, who rode the Netherbone Dragon.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord hovered on top of the Ocean Queen like a moon. Cold lights shone on the messy world with the chanting of the devastating tide.

On the other side, the Azure Dragon moved. Its blue mountain-like body was comparable to the Undead mountain. Its magnificent tail was on the muddy ground, but its horns almost touched the clouds!

Mo Fan stood between the Azure Dragon’s horns. The Mysterious Feather Sacred Totem Beast Soul Shadow was on its back and spread out in the fiery glow.

The Black Dragon Emperor was suspended beside the Azure Dragon. The Black Dragon Emperor was a giant creature, but it appeared only as big as the Azure Dragon’s head.

The combination of the western dragon with the metallurgical forging made it seem as though the Black Dragon Emperor had been reborn.

The Azure Dragon was fearless and took the lead in killing the Cold Moon Demon Lord in the sky.

The Ocean Queen immediately rode the Netherbone Dragon and blocked the Azure Dragon. A long skeleton hand came out of the tall red Undead mountain below it to grab the Azure Dragon’s neck!

The metallic Black Dragon Emperor suddenly took a deep breath. Its belly swelled and it spat out a terrifying black fire at the red Undead mountain. The long skeleton hand was forced to retract and block the giant fire of the Black Dragon Emperor.

The Netherbone Dragon took advantage of it and launched a surprise attack. It wanted to use its sharp thorn to pierce the eye of the Azure Dragon. Mo Fan flew up and punched out a lifelike Divine Fire Eagle at the Netherbone Dragon.

Buzz!

Numerous Black Bone Wasps flew toward the Divine Fire Eagle. They relied on a strange evil energy to extinguish Mo Fan’s fire.

The demon bloodline could push a certain power to its peak in a short period.

Mo Fan had control of the Chongming Divine Fire, and Little Flame Belle had the inheritance of the Mysterious Feather Sacred Totem Beast. The intensification of the demon bloodline awakened another soul of the Sacred Totem Beast and formed an incomplete Soul Shadow at Mo Fan’s back.

Mo Fan knew that it was not a complete Sacred Totem Beast. He needed more related Totems to trigger its real appearance.

However, Mo Fan yearned for this power. He believed that the complete Mysterious Feather Sacred Totem Beast could easily burn these Bone Wasps to crisp.

…

The Black-Patterned Bone Wasps were strange. Not only could they eat Mo Fan’s fire, but also could devour the fire that the metallic Black Dragon Emperor spat out.

Mo Fan carefully observed the Netherbone Dragon. The strongest ability of the Netherbone Dragon was obviously the Black Bone Wasps attached to it!