Chapter 2889: Poisonous Netherbone Dragon

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The Cold Moon Demon Lord had stayed in the background, observing everything.

However, it could not stay calm anymore. Once the Azure Dragon defeated the Ocean Queen, it would lose its strongest protection. After all, the members of the Forbidden Curse Association had restrained other Emperor-level Ocean Demons, so they could not stop the Azure Dragon.

It opened its eyes.

However, they were not the Eye of the Tide and the Eye of the Ocean but the eyes on its face.

The ghost whiskers under it opened slowly like octopus tentacles, and a strange electric light shone on these whiskers.

The strange light got intense and almost made its body transparent. The strange light flowed in its body like glowing blood and finally flowed to its brain.

Its brain and eyes radiated a dazzling brilliance like the sun and the moon. The brilliance did not illuminate the entire world. Like a track light, it only illuminated the Netherbone Dragon and the Bone Wasps.

The body of the Netherbone Dragon seemed to be absorbing the Evil Mind Light. Its broken bones recovered quickly, its wings expanded, and its skeleton body had suddenly become stronger. Its body had grown terrifyingly sharp horns. Those horns and thorns could kill anything.

The group of Bone Wasps also began to transform with the illumination from the Evil Mind Light. In a few seconds, they turned from a group of Black-Patterned Bone Wasps to a group of Black-Patterned Iron-Blooded Dragonwasps.

There were many Bone Wasps, and they had strong phagocytosis, infecting ability, and cooperation skills. Now that each Bone Wasp had the bloodline of the real underworld dragon, they had stronger wings, stings, bones, and toxicity.

A Black-Patterned Iron-Blooded Dragonwasp could harm a small town easily, let alone a group of Black-Patterned Iron-Blooded Dragonwasps.

Mo Fan’s Black Sky Cloak could not cover these evolutionary Dragonwasps. They flew toward the Azure Dragon rapidly. They would sacrifice their lives to pierce and sting the Azure Dragon.

After all, the Black Dragon Emperor in magic armor was not the real Black Dragon Emperor. With the evolution of the Netherbone Dragon, the Black Dragon Emperor in magic armor was severely hurt. It could no longer withstand the terrifying attack of this evil underworld dragon.

Mo Fan anxiously looked at the Black Dragon Emperor in magic armor and the group of Black-Patterned Iron-Blooded Dragonwasps flying toward the Azure Dragon.

“Black Dragon Emperor, come back. You have tried your best.” Mo Fan used the Soul Seal to recall the soul of the Black Dragon Emperor.

The Black Dragon Emperor could no longer fight against the Netherbone Dragon, so there was no need to let it lose its soul in defeat.

The metal was removed and turned into pieces of black armor. It flew to Mo Fan and turned into a Black Dragon Suit on Mo Fan’s body.

Although the soul of the Black Dragon had gone, Mo Fan could feel that this magic outfit still contained a large amount of power of the Black Dragon. It gave Mo Fan a glimmer of hope because it felt like the Black Dragon Emperor had still got his back!

Mo Fan had an extraordinary physique because of the Demon Element. Now that he had a suit made of the Black Dragon’s armor, he believed he would not lose when dealing with the Netherbone Dragon.

The Black Dragon Wings spread, and a black fire burned all over it. As Mo Fan flew, the wings with black fire made him look like a black missile soaring into the sky.

The fire accompanied Mo Fan. The Black Dragon Wings and the outline of the Fire Phoenix Wings dyed the sky red.

Mo Fan rushed to the group of Dragonwasps and slaughtered them with the demon’s power. The fusion magic increased the destructive ability of several elemental magic, such as silver lightning, black fire, and red sandstorm.

Even though the Dragonwasps had evolved, they still could not withstand Mo Fan’s attack. One after another Iron-Blooded Dragon wasps died in the air. The dense black clouds they formed kept getting smaller.

Roar!

The roar of the Netherbone Dragon echoed from a few hundred meters away. The Netherbone Dragon, which had also evolved, was even more frightening than before. Its target was Mo Fan, and it was now flying toward him.

As soon as the Netherbone Dragon arrived, the Black-Patterned Iron-Blooded Dragonwasps that Mo Fan had injured seemed to regenerate and become more aggressive. The group of Dragonwasps put their lives at risk and stabbed Mo Fan.

Mo Fan was wearing dragon armor, so he could withstand some attacks. However, such rapid attacks could threaten his life.

Roar!

The Netherbone Dragon was cunning. It attacked Mo Fan, knowing that the Azure Dragon would come to his rescue. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

However, the moment Azure Dragon came out of the clouds, the Netherbone Dragon flew past Mo Fan and rushed toward the Azure Dragon’s neck.

There was still a wound on the Azure Dragon’s neck, which the Cold Moon Demon Lord had inflicted. The Netherbone Dragon was a powerful and unparalleled poisonous dragon bee. It pulled out the poisonous sting at its bottom and fiercely stabbed the Azure Dragon.

Roar!

The Azure Dragon roared. The poisonous sting pierced into its wound. The dark red poison spread along the Azure Dragon’s neck.

The divine power of the Dragon Crack subsided. The Ocean Queen, which the crack had almost tortured to pieces, was finally free. It trembled like an old eighty-year-old woman but still managed to escape from the Dragon Crack.

The Azure Dragon was angry. It slightly lowered its head and used its horns to smash the Poisonous Netherbone Dragon.

The Poisonous Netherbone Dragon fell straight to the ground. Its bones broke apart, but it was still alive. After a while, it got up again and let out a strange cry.

Its cry seemed to be calling to something. Previously, the Ocean Queen had called the skeletons with black patterns, many of which were dismantled from the powerful ruler-level Undeads. This time, the Netherbone Dragon seemed to be calling those shattered skeletons to strengthen its body.

Mo Fan thought there were still some unawakened Black-Patterned Skeletons. However, the Poisonous Netherbone Dragon ordered those Black-Patterned Iron-Blooded Dragonwasps to attack the ruler-level Undeads!

The Bone of Origin of the ruler-level Undeads would develop the black patterns after the Dragonwasps stung them.

The Dragonwasps attacked many Undeads. As more ruler-level Undeads were infected with black-patterned bones, these black-patterned bones flew toward the Netherbone Dragon so that it could transform again!

What kind of demonic spell did the Cold Moon Demon Lord cast to make a summoned Emperor-level creature even more terrifying than the Ocean Queen?