Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2892: The Eye of The Ocean

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Mo Fan fought the Netherbone Dragon at a lower altitude. Little did he know that a massive influx of Seawater Planet gushed toward him from his back. It was hard to imagine there was such a scary spell in this world. It made all living creatures appear like tiny ants before such a spell. They did not stand a chance to fight back.

When the Seawater Planet swept the Azure Dragon to the Pudong sea area, the Azure Dragon wrapped its tail around Mo Fan to protect him.

It was a fierce tide. Even though the Azure Dragon was the size of a mountain range, it, too, was washed into the ocean.

Fortunately, the oriental sacred dragon was different from a common dragon. The oriental sacred dragon could swim in the water. It could swim as fast as it flew in the sky. Manipulating the ocean was one of Azure Dragon’s many abilities.

After they were washed up on the East Ocean, the Azure Dragon’s fins on its back manipulated the movement of the ocean. It summoned layer upon layer of ocean waves and stacked up a majestic Ocean Mountain. The Ocean Mountain was several thousand meters tall. Its diameter was more than ten kilometers. It looked as if the East Ocean had soared into the sky in a single glance. It was a shocking sight to behold.

The Ocean Mountain finally stopped the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s Seawater Planet. Mo Fan hid within the Azure Dragon’s tail. He felt dizzy.

It was appalling and confusing just what kind of monster the Cold Moon Demon Lord was. Each evil spell it cast was ten times stronger than a Forbidden Mage’s. If it had not been for the fact that the Sacred Totem Azure Dragon protected him, Mo Fan would have died a long time ago.

He was still in demon form. But he was akin to a child before the Cold Moon Demon Lord. It could kill him with ease.

Kawk! Kawk! Kawk!

The Netherbone Dragon was with them wherever they went. It wanted to infect the Azure Dragon with its Plague Curse. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

However, since the Azure Dragon was surrounded by sacred ripples, the Netherbone Dragon had difficulty inflicting damage. Hence, it decided to target Mo Fan.

The vast sea area was a hundred kilometers away from Huangpu River and the Magic City. The dark and depressing Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves continued to advance from the far side of the East Ocean. There was a large number of Ocean Demon hordes gathering on the surface of the sea.

The creatures had heads that resembled a lizard, and their bodies resembled a shark. They were covered in blue scales. They were armored. They wielded metal weapons.

Many unknown Ocean Demons had appeared. The grand arrival of the Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves would open the frontier. They wanted to celebrate the occasion. They looked forward to it. They would cover the areas where the Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves traversed.

Of course, these Ocean Demon hordes were nothing to the Azure Dragon.

With the Azure Dragon’s presence in the sea area, the Ocean Demons dared not make a move. They did not want to be affected by the two godly level creatures. They stayed as far as they could and deliberately left a vast sea area for the two to fight each other.

The fight between Mo Fan and the Netherbone Dragon was like a battle between God and the Devil. The Ocean Demon hordes offshore were killed as a result of the fight. Mo Fan cast demon’s lightning. His demon’s lightning spread all over the sea surface. Thousands of Servant-class and Warrior-level Scarlet Demons were killed. Their corpses floated above the sea.

The Netherbone Dragon was brutal. It released its Black-Patterned Dragonwasps and transformed the Ocean Demon hordes into corpses on the water to absorb more necrotic gasses and increase the level of poisons for each of its poisonous thorns.

This was the difference between demons and humans. Under catastrophic situations, the Mages united and fought back using defensive magic to reduce the level of fatality. Ocean Demons, on the other hand, lacked such conscience. They were killed before they could escape from the mishap.

They were either killed by Mo Fan’s fire power in his demon form, the Azure Dragon’s Ocean shaking waves, or the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s terrifying tumbling ocean.

…

The Cold Moon Demon Lord was merciless. Each of its evil spells was powerful and boundless. The Azure Dragon and Mo Fan were swept to the east and farther away from the city and the land.

The Azure Dragon was aware that the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s Eye of the Ocean was very powerful. The Azure Dragon’s ability to control the ocean was inferior to it. The Azure Dragon was exhausted after holding on for some time.

“It wants to sweep us into the East Ocean and drown us,” said Mo Fan.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord’s spells relied heavily on the ocean. It had powerful control over the ocean. Meanwhile, the Azure Dragon could only summon wind and rain. It could soar into the sky and swim in the ocean. The Cold Moon Ocean Demon used the ocean as its weapon. Each of its attacks was likened to a doomsday catastrophe. The Azure Dragon was forced deeper into the ocean.

Mo Fan and the Azure Dragon had unknowingly left offshore.

Even though they were on China’s continental shelf, there was a sea slope. It was an area where the sea level dropped significantly. The seawater was extremely deep.

The Azure Dragon tried to fly into the sky many times. But the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s powerful Eye of the Ocean stirred up the ocean surface, causing the ocean to surge and tumble. The Cold Moon Demon Lord made use of each drop of seawater as its weapon to attack the Azure Dragon. As The Azure Dragon’s mighty body was restricted by the seawater, as if it could be dragged down into the ocean abyss at any time.

Splash!

The Azure Dragon drowned. Mo Fan was covered by the strong and fierce tide.

Mo Fan found underwater combat to be more difficult. He could only cast Shadow, Space, and Chaos Element magic. If he cast Lightning Element magic, the creatures under the ocean could not sense the Lightning Element magic in the sky, thus the effect of his Lightning Element magic on them would be affected.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord finally forced the Azure Dragon to its territory where the Cold Moon Demon Lord could fight best. The ocean was several hundred kilometers in circumference and had an average depth of five hundred meters. It was a perfect battlefield for the Cold Moon Demon Lord to cast its evil spell!

It laughed. Its laughter transmitted to Mo Fan’s head. He felt like it was mocking him.

‘It can get us in such a mess by using its Eye of the Ocean alone.’ Mo Fan felt helpless.

Even though the Azure Dragon had sacred ripples, it was suppressed when confronting the Cold Moon Ocean Demon.

The Azure Dragon swam in the ocean. A terrifying black hole appeared behind it and tried to suck it in. Only God knew what type of demonic abyssal sea prison was on the other side of the black hole.

“Dive down and go to the bottom of the ocean,” Mo fan said to the Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon trusted Mo Fan unconditionally. It shook its body and swam like a snake into the depths of the ocean.

The bottom of the ocean and the land in this area sloped downward. As they moved eastward, they went deeper into the ocean before reaching the true deep-sea area.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord and the Netherbone Dragon went after them. They did not intend to forgo the chance to kill the Azure Dragon and Mo Fan. The Cold Moon Demon Lord’s evil spell was not affected in the bottom of the icy cold and dark ocean.

Its Eye of the Ocean moved around like a wheel. For a moment, the bottom of the ocean was stirred up. Gravels and mud flew everywhere.