Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2893: Black Flame Magic Armor

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Don’t stay inside the water, go deeper. We’re going to the rock layer crack at the bottom of the ocean!” Mo Fan said with a great sense of urgency after he noticed the ocean shaking violently.

The Azure Dragon swung its tail vigorously and banged against the big crack at the bottom of the ocean with its indestructible dragon horns.

The Azure Dragon’s body was extremely hard. To it, the rock surface was no different than mud. Moreover, it possessed Earth Element magic, so it could easily break the hard rock at the bottom of the ocean.

After they burrowed into the rock stratum, the sea area above them blasted off. Terrifying ocean waves struck them. The rocks under the ocean were shattered into powder.

The Azure Dragon dived deeper. The rocks at the bottom of the ocean were thicker and harder. The Azure Dragon had to slow down its pace. At the very least, they managed to avoid the destructive ocean waves.

“They’re coming after us.” Mo Fan looked up. The world under the ocean was pitch-black. He sensed the necrotic gas and aura of sickness from above. He also sensed the evil aura that belonged to the Cold Moon Demon Lord.

The rock stratum was not completely solid. Some of them resembled a cave. The rock stratum collapsed because of the terrifying and destructive waves.

When they went deeper, the rock stratum became increasingly dense, like hard rocks at the bottom of the ocean. The Azure Dragon had to use more strength to smash the rocks. Moreover, the Cold Moon Demon Lord and the Netherbone Dragon were after them. They brought along seawater and poured it into the depths of the cracked rocks. Spectacular waterfalls appeared in the rocky world under the ocean.

When the icy cold seawater was poured into the rock veins, a large amount of white gas gushed up.

“There it is!” Mo Fan was delighted and quickly turned the Azure Dragon to head toward the area with white gas.

The Azure Dragon crushed the black rocks under the ocean. Extreme heat gushed out of the cracks. They saw flashes of red. The light illuminated the pitch-black rocky world under the ocean.

The next moment, flaming red liquid in high temperature gushed out from the crack. It spread because of the Azure Dragon’s smashing. Red lava flowed like streams and covered the black rock stratum area.

It was a massive volcano under the ocean. It contained lava. The scale of the lava was as large as West Lake in Hang Zhou. This would undoubtedly improve Mo Fan’s strength!

The rock stratum had blocked most of the seawater. Regardless of how fierce the movement of the seawater was, their impact weakened because of the heavy rocks.

Moreover, the rock stratum was connected to the land. It was a sacred place with pure Earth Element. It was Mo Fan and the Azure Dragon’s territory.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord and the Netherbone Dragon had caught up with them. Mo Fan stretched out and bit the back of his hand.

His teeth sank into his blood vessels. His warm demon’s blood flowed out and dropped on the ocean dike. His blood was absorbed as soon as it touched the rocks.

The blood droplets made the rocks glow even more, like a rare metal that had been quenched by a furnace. It dazzled and became scorching hot!

“Wrath of the Earth’s crust: Black Flame Heavy Armor!”

Mo Fan created a covenant with the Earth’s crust with his blood.

The searing hot rock veins shook violently. Mo Fan was wrapped by countless black flame rocks. The rocks were as big as a building. They became his Earth Heavy Armor.

Mo Fan changed from a tiny person to a gigantic figure.

He was transformed into a heavily armored demon empowered by the ocean rock veins. The Earth Heavy Armor was more powerful than when it was under the Kingdom of Sand’s influence. The heavy rocks that supported the ocean made him look even more stout and imposing.

He absorbed the underground lava that was as big as West Lake.

The powerful lava under the ocean became a part of Mo Fan’s Earth Heavy Armor. Each piece of rock that made up the heavy armor exuded an aura of evil black flame that came from underground!

Black Flame Heavy Armor Demon!

Mo Fan felt the ocean lava flowing in his body. The lava made him invincible. Meanwhile, the ocean rock veins gave him a super powerful demonic body to fight the Emperor-level Ocean Demons.

Roar!

The Azure Dragon seemed to have regained its vitality under the ocean rocky world. It shook its body and charged at the Cold Moon Demon Lord and the Netherbone Dragon with its dragon horns.

Mo Fan had become an enormous God in the underground. He could no longer stand between the Azure Dragon’s horns. Hence, he rode on its back.

He raised his hand. He was ablaze in black flame. He wielded a long and huge Blade of the Black Flame. The blade contained the power of the earth and the lava!

The Azure Dragon lunged at the arrogant Netherbone Dragon with its dragon horns and sent it flying backwards. Mo Fan, on the other hand, aimed at the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s head with his Blade of the Black Flame. He slashed it with his Earth and Fire Elements magic that had the most destructive effect.

The slash split the bottom of the ocean into a huge gorge. The sea area above his head was split into half. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The Cold Moon Demon Lord did not avoid his attack. A few of its whiskers were cut off.

Mo Fan had targeted the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s tail whisker that was connected to its Eye of the Tide. Unfortunately, its tail whisker was much more powerful than its other whiskers.

Mo Fan did not give up. It was a chance hard to come by to be able to inflict severe damage on the Cold Moon Demon Lord.

The Cold Moon Demon had driven Mo Fan and the Azure Dragon to the bottom of the ocean. It had not expected the two to use the ocean rock veins to counterattack. It was slightly nervous as it held off Mo Fan’s Blade of the Black Flame.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord did not expect Mo Fan’s strength to increase by leaps and bounds. His Black Flame Heavy Armor was so powerful that it threatened the Cold Moon Demon Lord.

“Bite it!” said Mo Fan to the Azure Dragon.

This was a rare opportunity!

The Cold Moon Demon Lord tried to kill the Azure Dragon so that no one could stop it when it ruled the land. Hence, it showed no mercy in chasing after them. Even though Mo Fan and the Azure Dragon were at the bottom of the ocean, the Cold Moon Demon Lord had insisted on pursuing them.

If only the Cold Moon Demon Lord realized the rock stratum and the underground lava were beneficial to Mo Fan and the Azure Dragon, it would have fled without hesitation.

This was the area where the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s Eye of the Ocean was suppressed slightly. But once it returned to the ocean, the Azure Dragon would be no match for it.

They had to finish their battle here!

Mo Fan would not allow the Cold Moon Demon Lord to leave the rock veins. He would not allow it to leave the primary underground lava.

The Azure Dragon and Mo Fan understood each other. The Azure Dragon ignored the Netherbone Dragon. It decided to coil up and trap the Cold Moon Demon Lord, instead. Regardless of how much damage the Cold Moon Demon Lord could inflict on it, the Azure Dragon would not let go of it this time!

Mo Fan lifted his blade and aimed at the Cold Moon Demon Lord’s tail whisker which held its Eye of the Tide!

He was ablaze in brilliant black flame. It was a symbol of his determination!