Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2895: The Mages Evacuate

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The middle of the Pacific Ocean blended perfectly with the sky. An ancient, magnificent sacred dragon flew through the sky. The green airflow surged and stretched for dozens of kilometers. The airflow had not subsided even after the Azure Dragon had left.

The ocean below the sky was inky blue. Mo Fan noticed the sea was different from other areas. The density of the seawater in this area was higher, it was deeper compared to other areas.

The Azure Dragon approached the ocean surface and threw the Eye of the Tide into the calm, ink-blue ocean.

Suddenly, the ocean erupted. A terrifying tail flung up high and attempted to pull the Azure Dragon down into the ocean with it.

Mo Fan was shocked. He had not expected a terrifying creature to live under such a calm and still ocean.

The Azure Dragon quickly soared into the sky. The owner of the tail did not reveal its true form. It could not grab the Azure Dragon. It swept away the Eye of the Tide.

A frightening gas ripple appeared on the ocean. It swept the entire Pacific Ocean. The unknown creature hidden under the ocean seemed to have transformed after obtaining the Eye of the Tide. Its aura grew increasingly frightening.

Mo Fan looked down. He felt as if he had been sucked into the deep, calm ocean. Meanwhile, the Azure Dragon did not stay there any longer. It quickly returned to China.

“This is another ruler in the Pacific Ocean. Did you want it to restrain the Cold Moon Demon Lord by giving it the Eye of the Tide?” Mo Fan finally understood.

The Cold Moon Demon Lord was very powerful. It could fight the Azure Dragon easily even though it was in the middle of chanting the Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves. After losing its Eye of the Tide, it did not need to chant anymore, so it would be even stronger than before.

…

The Azure Dragon could not fight it even if it now only had the Eye of the Ocean.

The Azure Dragon knew that biting off its Eye of the Tide would only stop the Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves from engulfing the land. However, it would not stop the Cold Moon Demon Lord from continuing its massacre with fury!

The Cold Moon Demon Lord would vent out its anger to the remaining mages standing guard over the Magic City.

Even though the citizens had been evacuated from the city, the Mages, who were still fighting, would all perish. They were destined to be defeated in the war, but they had to ensure their people’s survival!

The Azure Dragon threw the Eye of the Tide to another Pacific Ocean ruler. The moment the ruler possessed the tide power that belonged to a demon lord, its strength would increase by leaps and bounds. By then, it could fight the Cold Moon Demon Lord.

Hence, the Cold Moon Demon Lord was left with only two options. It could either choose to stay in the Magic City to continue its plan of sinking the land, or it could return to the middle of the Pacific Ocean and grab its Eye of the Tide from the mysterious ruler.

“You’ve made the correct decision. This will buy us more time.” Mo Fan finally understood the Azure Dragon’s intention.

…

The Azure Dragon flew over the coast. It did not stay in the sky above the Magic City. It continued to fly toward China.

The sky was vast. The Azure Dragon’s body gradually petrified and decomposed. It started from its head, claws, then its long body…

The Azure Dragon was exhausted.

It was summoned briefly through the Underground Holy Spring. It relied heavily on the special source to prolong its life. After the source of the Holy Spring drained out, it had to return to the soil in different cities, mountains, and battlefields all over the country.

Mo Fan stared at the wounded and scarred Azure Dragon. Even though it had transformed back into segments of Ancient Walls, the scars were visible. The scars did not just come from this harsh battle, those were accumulated from the rise and fall of the country from thousands of years.

The Azure Dragon was no longer a living being. It was no longer an ancient god either. It was an immortal guardian!

Regardless of how the Azure Dragon formed or disintegrated, Mo Fan stared at the immortal sacred beast in awe. He strongly believed that when the Azure Dragon was at its prime, it certainly had been a Holy Spirit that was more powerful than the Cold Moon Demon Lord and the other ocean rulers. However, the passing of time had expelled it from the list of the Roof of the World.

It made him sad but Mo Fan was aware that the Azure Dragon had done all it could.

The Seal of Azure Dragon that resembled a sky eye on its forehead slowly faded. It left Mo Fan’s forehead and transformed into a small pendant again. The pendant floated before him.

The Azure Dragon transformed into a Little Loach pendant and returned to his neck.

This time, Little Loach was green in color. It was no longer black like before. The Sacred Totem Beast companion vessel glowed with extraordinary luster. It was an ancient sacred object.

“If only you had revealed your true form from the beginning, I wouldn’t have had to work so hard throughout my cultivation path. But this isn’t that bad, too, right?” Mo Fan stroked his pendant.

Mo Fan had learned from Ms. Tangyue that Little Loach was a growing soul cultivation vessel. Indeed, it was in the middle of its growth. Mo Fan was in the middle of growth, too.

Instead of looking forward to something falling into his lap and becoming a superhero within a second to protect the galaxy, Mo Fan preferred to grow slowly. It was only through experience and growth that he could learn to become more practical and stronger. He would be more confident in facing dangerous encounters in the future if he built on his experience.

At the very least, he knew how to grow to become more powerful if he was given sufficient time.

How could a man who was a stranger to his own power be certain that he would not lose himself to an even more powerful force?

…

Mo Fan flew back to the Magic City.

All the citizens in the Magic City had evacuated. The Ocean Demons roaming inside the city lost their backup because the sky holes had ceased to form. As a result, they were gradually eliminated.

The tide subsided in the east. The Heaven-shaking Demonic Waves finally disappeared from the sky. The people felt more at ease.

Ocean Demons’ carcasses stacked up by the two sides of Huangpu River. The river was stained red with blood.

The city was in a dilapidated state. Mutilated limbs were everywhere. It all looked bleak.

The Mages were exhausted. Still, they continued to fight the battle. There were Ocean Demon remnants inside the city. They hid inside the underground tunnels and buildings. There were many of them. It was impossible to kill all of them at once.

Swoop!

A white light arched across the sky. When it reached the peak, it transformed into countless white comet tails and scattered in every direction.

All the Mages saw the white meteor flying above them.

It was an evacuation signal from the Magic Association.

The mages could finally leave this hellish place!

All of them began to leave. If the war were to continue, it would go on for days and days. There were several enormous Emperor-level Ocean Demons, Shark Kingdom, Deep-Sea Lizard Demon Dragon Empire, Salamander and Shell Demon Empire, and even more in the direction of Pudong.

The Magic City had lost in the battle. But thankfully, the people were alive.