Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2905: The Other Side of the Star Bridge

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

The road ahead was boundless. Mu Ningxxue knew that it was useless to be worried. She could only take one step at a time.

She calmed herself and felt the Ice Element that filled the land.

For some reason, these ice elements that were cruel, and brutal to others were rather appealing to Mu Ningxue. They were like fireflies in the forest, which were pure and harmless.

She tried to absorb them into her soul little by little, but these ice elements turned into special snow water, washing the magic bow that merged with her soul.

The Ice Crystal Bow had always accompanied Mu Ningxue in her growth. When she was a child, she felt that it was like a devil that kept whipping her. If she were a little neglectful, she would pay a painful price.

After she gradually got used to its harshness and punishment, she felt that it was not as terrible as she thought.

Since the incident in Venice, Mu Ningxue had been collecting the fragments of other Ice Crystal Bows. The Mu family did not know much about the Ice Crystal Bow. Mu Ningxue discovered that the Ice Crystal Bow did not devour other people’s souls to complement itself. It was a special bow that needed to raise ice-attribute energy.

Mu Ningxue relied on the growth of Fanxue Mountain to collect ice fragments from all over the country to make up for the insufficiency of the Ice Crystal Bow and gradually gain control of it.

All these years of hard work had not been in vain. Mu Ningxue improved her cultivation very quickly because of the soul energy released by the Ice Crystal Bow.

In fact, it had been some time since she had advanced to the third level of the Ice Element Super Level, but the cultivation could not represent her true ability. She still had a long way to go in cultivating.

...

Ice elements kept pouring in from all directions like a rushing river. At this time, Mu Ningxue once again felt that her cultivation barrier was loosening. However, there was nothing outside the barrier. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

It felt like she was advancing. It was a similar feeling to when she advanced from basic level to Intermediate to Advanced to Super Level.

However, what made Mu Ningxue extremely confused and amazed was the Forbidden Curse. ‘Could she become a Forbidden Mage standing in this cold and unique world?’

It was impossible.

If it were so easy to become a Forbidden Mage, there would not be so few Forbidden Mages in this world.

‘If that was the case, what was the power that broke through the barrier of Super Level and the new realm she was about to enter?’

Mu Ningxue felt that her Ice Element Star Sea was changing. There were a total of 2,401 Star Sons, which deviated from the original orbit and flew into the darkness far away. The areas they crossed were all illuminated, forming many splendid starlight bridges.

Mu Ningxue did not know what to do with the unusual behavior of the Star Sons. She hurriedly chased them with her mind and followed these obedient Star Sons.

More than 2,000 Star Sons crossed at the same time, and the cast star bridge led to the world beyond the Star Sea. When Mu Ningxue chased the Star Sons along the star bridge, she was surprised to find a brighter and vaster Star Universe. The Star Sons there were extremely bright, and the light made it all look very dream-like.

The other side of the Star Bridge seemed to have countless power, and tens and thousands of Star Sons that it could dispatch. Unfortunately, the other Star Universe did not belong to Mu Ningxue.

She crossed the Star Bridge like opening a door. The beautiful, and endless new world unfolded like an exhibition that was for watching.

“Does it mean if I cross this Star Bridge and reach the other side of the Star Universe, I will become a Forbidden Mage?” Mu Ningxue muttered while staring at the peaceful and vast star universe.

Mu Ningxue did not know what it meant for Star Sons to become a bridge. The longer a person cultivated, the more choices they had to make.

However, this phenomenon was undoubtedly telling Mu Ningxue that her current cultivation was on the Star Bridge.

She broke away from the Super Level realm of 2401 Star Sons and stepped into the Star Bridge formed by the Star Sons. If she reached the other side, she would become a Forbidden Mage!

‘But what should I do to cross this Star Bridge?’

At first, Mu Ningxue thought the Star Sons flew toward the Star Universe on the other side and formed a Star Bridge.

But when Mu Ningxue stepped on it, she found that all the stars were reversed. They flew from the other side of the Star Universe to her feet. If she tried to step on the Star Bridge to go to the Star Universe on the other side, these Star Sons that flew in the opposite direction would send her back to the starting point!

Mu Ningxue’s speed was far slower than the speed at which these Star Sons sent her back to the starting point. So, it was pointless to walk on the Star Bridge.

Mu Ningxue was not someone who gave up easily. She had an idea.

Since the Star Bridge was composed of the 2401 Ice Element Star Sons that she was familiar with, she could try to make them stop.

In the past, the Mages made the Star Sons stop moving irregularly and arranged them in the pattern they needed to transmit the magic energy to complete a spell.

With Mu Ningxue’s cultivation, it was not difficult for her to do so.

She concentrated on controlling the high-speed Star Sons and made them stop on the path of the Star Bridge, forming a tranquil Star Bridge made of 2401 Star Sons. Although it was a little difficult, Mu Ningxue did it as quickly as possible.

All the Star Sons of the Star Bridge stopped. They were motionless, and it gave Mu Ningxue hope. She immediately took advantage of this perfect opportunity to step toward the Star Universe on the other side.

The star bridge was very long, and Mu Ningxue’s soul could only run at a fixed speed.

Before Mu Ningxue crossed one-tenth of the Star Bridge, all the still Star Sons began to vibrate violently!

Stopping the Star Sons consumed a large amount of Spiritual Force. Mu Ningxue’s Spiritual Force was not enough to stop the Star Sons long enough for her to run over the Star Bridge to the other side.

The Star Bridge collapsed, and all the Star Sons returned to the starting point in reverse. They also sent Mu Ningxue back to the starting point.

Mu Ningxue suddenly felt tired and had to leave her Spiritual World.

She felt a little dizzy. She wondered if it was because she spent too much Spiritual Force to stop the Star Sons or because she tried very hard to move forward. She had to rest for a while to recover her energy.

Mu Ningxue opened her eyes and looked at the boundless glacier world. She realized that the Star Bridge was her real bottleneck. Crossing the Star Bridge to reach the Star Universe on the other side would become her next biggest cultivating challenge.