Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2913: Strip Them Of Magic

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Li Wenbin, Li Ting, and Yan Lan followed Mu Ningxue. The trio came to the ice cliff cave. The massive ice cliff had collapsed except the cave. Even though the Ice Field Holy Bear was a large creature, it could withstand such a collapse.

The group stared at Mu Ningxue in disbelief.

They wondered if their minds had played tricks on them and made them witness the terrifying fall of the ice cliff, or if Mu Ningxue had really been the one doing all of it.

If Mu Ningxue had indeed done it, it was too unbelievable. The group did not see her constructing the Star Palace, and they wondered how she could unleash such a terrifying destructive power within a short period of time!

Mu Ningxue did not stay at the cave entrance. She noticed something was writhing beneath the collapsed ice cliff. As expected, the Ice Field Holy Bear was not dead yet. It pushed away the shattered ice cliff that had fallen on its body before limping away from her.

Eight pairs of Wind Wings appeared on Mu Ningxue’s back. The Wind Wings had snow white feathers. Each layer of the Wind Wings contained lines of wind marks. The Wind Wings were beautiful and holy. They were light yet powerful.

Mu Ningxue flapped the Wind Wings and caught up with the Ice Field Holy Bear with ease. Strong wind blew her aloft, and the wind marks danced. Mu Ningxue drew a Wind Bow in the sky. With the pulling force of the Wind Wings on her back, she stretched the Wind Bow to maximum length.

Buzz!

The conical Wind Bow resembled a drill and chiseled a bloody hole in the back of the Ice Field Holy Bear. Its boiling blood gushed out. When its blood spilled on the ground, the snow melted.

The Ice Field Holy Bear fell. It tried to get up, but Mu Ningxue stepped on its back. The hot-tempered bear was humiliated. It turned its humiliation into fury. Its golden fur raised and gave off a terrifying aura that belonged to a wild beast.

Mu Ningxue flapped the Wind Wings and flew into the sky. As she flew into the sky, a rain of ice spears shot toward the Ice Field Holy Bear. The ice spears formed a horrific Ice Spear Forest about one kilometer away from the Ice Field Holy Bear.

The Ice Field Holy Bear got up and tried to fight back. Before it could even lay its paws on Mu Ningxue’s sleeve, it was tortured by the ice spears. No matter how hard it tried to avoid the ice spears, it was useless. It wrapped its paws around its head and wailed.

The Ice Field Holy Bear was wounded. Some of the ice spears were stuck in its body.

Even so, the Ice Field Holy Bear was tenacious. Although it was wounded, it did not fall. It glared at Mu Ningxue and roared. Its golden eyes were burning with flames.

Mu Ningxue clenched her fists in the air. Many tiny ice dust appeared around the Ice Field Holy Bear. The ice dust gathered to form a large ice ring.

The ice ring shrunk and locked around the Ice Field Holy Bear’s neck like shackles. It stopped roaring.

Soon, several ice rings appeared and locked its paws, legs, and mouth. The ancient beast looked like a wild beast in the zoo. The locks prevented it from posing threats to others.

“Draw its blood now,” said Mu Ningxue to Li Wenbin.

Li Wenbin had not recovered his senses as he stared at the subdued Ice Field Holy Bear and the bleeding hole on its back.

The Ice Field Holy Bear’s blood was plentiful. They collected several big jars. The amount of blood collected could even fill up a small hot spring. The blood was boiling and filled with energy. It did not have the fishy smell of a beast.

Even to that moment, Li Wenbin had not recovered his senses. He was still in shock.

The three people had followed Mu Ningxue closely when she had charged at the beast. But they didn’t even get the chance to strike. Mu Ningxue had subdued the seemingly undefeatable Ice Field Holy Bear on her own. Li Wenbin and Li Ting even had a momentary doubt about the strength of the ruler-level creatures in the Extreme South Land!

The Ice Field Holy Bear was not weak. One could feel how powerful the ancient bear’s strength was from its blood. It could easily be the leader or ruler of a certain horde on the land. Mu Ningxue was incredibly powerful. She cast several powerful and destructive spells in a single breath. She had cast her spells so fast that the others hadn’t even been able to see the process. Also, when she had cast those spells, she hadn’t paused like most Mages.

She had the power to cast spells at her fingertips. They wondered what her level of Ice Element cultivation was to have this much power.

…

After collecting the Ice Field Holy Bear’s blood, Yan Lan and the members from logistics briefly processed the blood before drinking it to keep themselves warm.

Wang Shuo was right. The Giant Ice Beast’s boiling blood could resist the cold. It formed a special heat inside the human’s stomach before transferring to the entire body.

With this energy, they no longer felt so fearful and uneasy.

“Professor Wang, the blood can temporarily alleviate the cold, but it cannot eliminate the cold poison. The deeper we go into the land, the less effective the Beast Blood will be,” whispered Li Wenbin to Wang Shuo.

“I know, but I believe the blood is sufficient to support us until we arrive at the South Pole Station,” said Wang Shuo.

The Beast Blood could not resolve the root of the issue. Even if they had an ample supply of Beast Blood, they could easily freeze in such cold weather.

They soon realized that only fresh blood from the Giant Ice Beasts could resist the cold. Which meant they would have to continue looking for the Giant Ice Beasts.

…

Mu Ningxue killed a Polar Wolf King and a thousand-year-old Snow Python on the way. However, the heat that came from their blood was inferior to that of the Ice Field Holy Bear.

By the third day, the group was in a very weakened state. They could barely cast a spell to continue their journey. They progressed slowly like a group of clumsy corpses dancing in the middle of the snow.

The road ahead of them was cold and dark. Many of them collapsed. Some of them cried like babies and refused to take another step forward.

The cold stripped every one of their most powerful magic. Without magic, they could barely survive in a forest, let alone the Extreme South Land!

“Are we going to die here?” Yan Lan could barely speak.

She leaned on Mu Ningxue. Mu Ningxue did not say anything. She did not know the purpose of the recruitment. She did not understand why the Magic Association in the country sent a group of people to escort her for the Five Continents Magic Association Alliance’s sake.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com