Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2922: A Complete Ice Crystal Bow

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Ice Element…

The Ice Element that Lady Karolina was proud of.

Since the first awakening of the Ice Element, Lady Karolina had been painstakingly managing her Ice Element Empire. Now that she had become a Forbidden Mage and Queen, the “ice country” had betrayed her! It now obeyed a nameless woman who came out of nowhere.

“Do you think you can compete with me by plundering all the ice elements? You are just a mage who can’t even cast an Ice Element Forbidden Magic. You have all the ice elements in the world, but so what?” Lady Karolina smirked.

Mu Ningxue did not respond. She stood in the white storm formed by the elements.

“I’m a Forbidden Mage of two elements. What are you? The world is big. You’re a speck of dust, but I’m a towering mountain. The Forbidden God’s gift has given you the courage to disobey me, but it can’t give you the strength to fight against me!” Lady Karolina said in a sharp voice. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

She attacked.

The power of chaos that shrouded her had turned into countless sharp blades that could cross space and time. These blades slashed toward Mu Ningxue’s neck, abdomen, hands, and knee joints!

They could not see the trajectory of this Chaos Blade at all. They had the terrifying ability to cut space, and no magic tool or defensive enchantment could stop them.

Mu Ningxue was aware of Lady Karolina’s terrifying strength, and Wei Guang could not even fight back with her.

However, Wei Guang bought some time for her. Mu Ningxue had a divine item, but it needed to be summoned.

If Lady Karolina’s attention was focused wholly on Mu Ningxue, she wouldn’t be able to summon it. Lady Karolina’s strange Chaos Element magic would subdue her.

Mu Ningxue stood in the white Chaos Storm. A stream of clean ice dust coiled like a graceful ice dragon and flew around Mu Ningxue. It flew to her arms and turned into a beautiful longbow.

The longbow was composed of ice dust. It was crystal clear like a perfect star diamond.

Mu Ningxue took the Ice Crystal Bow. Her index finger and thumb pinched the air.

The endless storm of white elements immediately began to gather and shrink. It looked like a thousand-year-old icy snow-white snake was dancing wildly. The power stirred the space, and the chaotic blades hidden in the air scattered.

The white Elemental Storm did not stop. They quickly gathered around Mu Ningxue’s fingers and turned into an arrow composed of holy ice elements.

This arrow had gathered all the Ice Element Elves within hundreds of kilometers. It looked slender and long, but the power it contained was as strong as those ten-thousand-year-old glaciers.

Mu Ningxue knew very well how strong the enemy was, so she dared not hesitate.

The arrow was wholly formed. All Mu Ningxue had to do was draw the bowstring!

Compared with the Ice Crystal Bow she had summoned before, this complete Ice Crystal Bow was heavier. The bowstring was tighter and required greater control.

Fortunately, Mu Ningxue had learned to reverse the Star Sons, and this change greatly enhanced her mental state.

Mu Ningxue pursed her thin lips, and her beautiful eyes narrowed. She was determined. She stretched her arms and held her breath.

She slightly drew the bowstring, but it was not enough to make the arrow shoot toward the powerful Lady Karolina.

Mu Ningxue felt a searing pain all over her body. At the same time, she felt dizzy, as if a powerful force had hit her. She knew this was the backlash caused by her weak body forcibly drawing the complete Ice Crystal Bow.

It was the first time she had used a complete Ice Crystal Bow, but she had to do it!

Swoosh!

The bowstring vibrated lightly, but it caused a violent surge and tremor, which spread from where Mu Ningxue was to a distance before her.

Swoosh!

The second draw caused a surge and tremor again, but the power was ten times that of the previous one. It was so strong that countless cracks appeared in the thousand-year-old Ice Cave.

Swoosh!

Mu Ningxue drew the bowstring for the third time completely. The resulting surge and tremor increased, and the Ice Cave smashed. The ice rock glaciers of more than ten kilometers collapsed as if thousands of beasts had trampled it. It was terrifying!

Swoosh!

Mu Ningxue drew the bowstring to the end for the fourth time. The surge and tremor that was generated, affected the entire glacial continent!

The endless glacial mountains turned into dust. The hundreds of meters thick ice split open. It almost seemed that the clear and cold sky itself had collapsed.

The world outside the Extreme South Castle seemed to have fallen into a black hole and was annihilated.

Lady Karolina was shocked by what she saw. She was horrified.

‘How could a person who had not become a Forbidden Mage be able to control this kind of power that could destroy the sky and the earth? What kind of evil weapon was the magic bow she was holding?’

The Chaos Element aura surrounding Lady Karolina was shaken by this terrifying force. The frightening thing was that Mu Ningxue had not shot the arrow yet.

And still the aura from the Ice Crystal Bow had caused all this!

Lady Karolina knew that the arrow which pointed at her wasn’t an ordinary arrow. She felt as though she was standing at the edge of the world, on the brink of collapse. The endless dark death aura surrounded her. This feeling gave her goosebumps.

‘What kind of power is this?’ she wondered.

Why could it make a Double Elements Forbidden Mage like her, who stood at the top of the world, feel such horror?

Buzz…

Mu Ningxue let go of the string and shot the arrow. The glaciers and the earth trembled.

Lady Karolina saw the collapsed world attacking her at high speed. She began to run away desperately, but the horizon fell faster than her escape.

She felt a chill on her back. Doomsday was chasing her, and all her terror came from that arrow, from that Ice Crystal Bow in Mu Ningxue’s hand!

Lady Karolina fell. She was powerless, so she fell and suffered severe injuries.

Mu Rong also did not escape the terrible destruction caused by this arrow. He could not even use the power of the Ice Element Forbidden Mage and was buried in the cracks of the abyss by the ice rocks that rolled down from the mountains and Ice Cave.

Lady Karolina was indeed a Chaos Element Forbidden Mage. She seemed to have set up a Chaos Element force field around her in advance.

The order changed by this Chaos Element force field was no longer gravity, direction, or space, but time!

Time Reversal!

In the space where Lady Karolina was, the shattered glaciers, the cracked earth, and her bruised body all seemed to reverse like a scene in a movie.

The glacier reintegrated into a complete block.

The cracks in the earth repaired themselves.

The wounds on Lady Karolina’s body healed quickly without a trace.