Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2923: Heaven Bow and Earth String

Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Lady Karolina was solemn as the Time Reversal hadn’t restored her body as before. Her mental state was even worse. She felt miserable. She stood on those “boiling” glaciers. She felt like she might fall into a deep valley any time.

She stared at Mu Ningxue. She could see that Mu Ningxue had some wounds in her fair skin. Some blood oozed out of her fair arm.

“Haha! You have to pay the painful price for using a power that does not belong to you. Do you want to die together with me? I order time. Finally, the magic weapon will turn you into bones while I’m safe and sound.” Lady Karolina’s voice was not as strong as before, but she still did not want to show the slightest humility.

Mu Ningxue drew the Ice Crystal Bow again, but this time, it was not toward Lady Karolina but the dark blue sky.

She bent her body to the extreme and drew the bow entirely to the back. She let go of the string, and the empty bowstring was filled with powerful rebound. It produced a majestic air string on this glacial land!

This air string spread on the land as if the entire sky was the bow while the earth was the string. The scene was shocking.

Lady Karolina still tried to look arrogant. When she realized that the power of the heaven bow and earth string would make the glacial world collapse, she gritted her teeth and changed the order of time again.

The ability of Lady Karolina could not control time completely. The power of time order only allowed her to set up a limited area before any time change happened. She could only lock a space as large as a football stadium.

If the objects inside the limited area suffered severe damage in a short period, she could immediately activate the time order. Everything within that area would return to the state it was before she locked the area.

Lady Karolina did not expect Mu Ningxue to take another action so quickly. She did not even have a chance to lock another area.

The bones of her body seemed to have been beaten hundreds of times by a sturdy iron rod. When the majestic earth string erupted, Lady Karolina could only use her magic equipment to withhold it.

The Chaos Whirlpool could absorb energy to offset the destructive force, but Mu Ningxue’s power was actual substance. Therefore, the Chaos Whirlpool did not affect this power.

Lady Karolina had three layers of protection: magic equipment, guardianship, and life blessings. However, her bones were still falling apart. If she could use Ice Element Magic, she could set up an ice castle since she was a Forbidden Mage. However, she could not even get an Ice Element when competing with such a weapon.

Lady Karolina had a slender body. After all her bones were broken, her body fell like a piece of paper in the ice cracks.

Her eyes were full of anger, but her body could no longer fight back.

Mu Ningxue walked down the ice ladder of the crack. She did not plan to let a person who wanted to kill her survive, regardless of her identity and status in the world.

However, Lady Karolina let out weird, high-pitched laughter when Mu Ningxue approached her.

“You sure are courageous. I can see the killing intent in your eyes, and I also believe you won’t hesitate to kill me. However, you can’t do it. I may suffer severe injuries. I may be suppressed by the evil magic bow, but I won’t die here. Enjoy the last moments you have. The people from the alliance will arrive soon. By that time, you will share the same fate.” Lady Karolina lay on the crushed ice. There was no fear in her eyes, only madness.

The cause of her madness wasn’t because she was in danger. She was a proud person and always regarded Mu Ningxue as insignificant. However, she had lost!

As a Double Elements Forbidden Mage, she stood at the top of the world and controlled the destiny of the magic of the five continents. However, she lost to a small mage like Mu Ningxue.

Lady Karolina had to admit that Mu Ningxue’s Ice Crystal Bow was the strongest weapon she had ever seen in her life. It could even help a half-Forbidden Mage defeat a Forbidden Mage.

Lady Karolina was also a bit frustrated because she could not use Ice Element Magic.

She mainly cultivated the Ice Element, and the Chaos Element. If Mu Ningxue’s God’s gift did not suppress her Ice Element Magic, she could still defeat Mu Ningxue even if she had the Ice Crystal Bow.

She was amazing.

Without the recruitment, the alliance would not have known that China had such an Ice Element Mage. She had an unparalleled talent for ice and snow and had a magic bow that could destroy the world.

At this age, she was already a half-Ice Element Forbidden Mage. If she became a Forbidden Mage in a few years, only a few people in the alliance could stand against her.

Mu Ningxue walked to Lady Karolina. She controlled the ice spear and stabbed Lady Karolina’s neck.

A transparent shell appeared on Lady Karolina’s body. This shell did not have the slightest luster but it was exceptionally strong. The powerful ice spear shattered when it stabbed the shell!

Mu Ningxue drew her bow and shot an arrow at Lady Karolina’s forehead at close range.

The airwaves surged. A giant ripple appeared on the ground and plowed the glacier like a field.

Mu Ningxue and Lady Karolina were in an empty area. Even the deep glaciers that had been frozen for hundreds of years had been scraped away. There were only ancient ice rocks around. It looked desolate.

The colorless Shell of Life remained on Lady Karolina’s body. It had no cracks and was intact.

Mu Ningxue’s arrow at close range was devastating. It was not too different from the previous two arrows, but it still could not kill Lady Karolina.

Lady Karolina was in a miserable state. Her luxurious green clothes had already turned red, and her hair was messy like an old woman’s. However, she still used arrogance to defend her dignity.

“Don’t waste your energy. This is the shell of the Holy Dragon, and it is used to guard its descendants. No energy in this world can tear it apart. You can’t kill me, and you’re going to die soon. Do you know what charges you will face after attacking an elder of the alliance? Do you know the consequences of murdering an emissary of the Holy City? The moment you received the recruitment, you were destined to die. No matter how hard you try, it will just be a futile effort of someone on death row.” Lady Karolina chuckled.