Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2928: Humiliation

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

“Your Highness, are you a Forbidden Mage?” the bearded captain asked warily.

Even a super-level mage who had a perfect cultivation could not crush the White Ocean Demon group in this manner. Judging from the Lan Spider White Ocean Demon’s strength, even a group of super-level mages with perfect cultivation could not kill it so easily.

However, the Summit Brigade had witnessed the “deity” strike the White Ocean Demon aggressively. He had basically held the powerful ruler-level Ocean Demon down and struck it. The Ocean Demon did not even have a chance to fight back!

Aside from a Forbidden Mage, the captain could not imagine who else had the power to trample the powerful ruler-level Ocean Demon in this way.

“Do I look like a Forbidden Mage?” Mo Fan chuckled.

“Oh! You must be Wei Guang. It’s my pleasure to meet you here. You are much younger and more handsome than we expected,” the bearded captain cried out in amazement.

The other group members approached Mo Fan. Wei Guang had made a great achievement in the Magic City. They mistakenly thought Mo Fan was Wei Guang.

The Summit Brigade had stayed overseas. They returned to the country only after the Magic City fortress plan was executed. Therefore, they did not know much about the great battle between the Mages and the demons here in the city that had come to pass.

Mo Fan did not answer them. He waved his hand and bade them farewell.

The bearded captain’s eyes lit up. He assumed Mo Fan did not want to reveal his true identity.

“So, you’re truly Wei Guang! It is no wonder you’re so powerful!”

“It’s no wonder you’re the youngest Forbidden Mage in the country. We haven’t heard from you in the past one year. So, you’ve been practicing your cultivation behind the closed-door.”

“What’s the point for us to work so hard when even a Forbidden Mage has to work this hard,” lamented the pot-bellied Mage.

…

Most of the underground fortress were made up of steel and iron before developing into an underground city well-hidden under the Magic City. It turned into a crowded market town with streets, hotels, motels, and shops.

Thousands of people went in and out daily. The number of people exceeded the East Maritime Fortress in Japan. The country’s most powerful and famous Mages and Mage groups were there. Often, the foreign mercenaries could also be seen.

The Magic City was an international metropolis. The Ocean Demons had occupied it. The country urgently wanted to take back the city. Besides, the powerful Ocean Demons treated the Magic City as an “opening”. Many Ocean Demon hordes from the Pacific Ocean fought with humans. They robbed the scarce resources from them.

After more than a year, the Magic City became a battleground. Humans entered the underground fortress and executed various plans to wipe out the Ocean Demons. Meanwhile, endless Ocean Demons swarmed the Magic City and used humans’ magic stones and other sources to rapidly reproduce and transform.

The Forbidden Mages were recuperating. Similarly, the emperor-level Ocean Demons hid somewhere inside the Magic City to recover. For the time being, the two avoided a head-on clash. The battle would be long-lasting. At the end of the day, it all depended on the war between humans and the Ocean Demon hordes.

Humans could either slowly wipe out the Ocean Demons so that the Magic City could return to peace, or the Ocean Demons would gradually engulf the city and turn the prosperous Magic City into a demonic cave on land.

…

The Summit Brigade sat at the large hall inside Rainbow Wind Tavern. They enjoyed watching the female dancers dancing on the public dance floor while chugging cold beer.

They had a great harvest today. They had obtained a large batch of White Ocean Demons’ crystal cores for free. They had earned a lucrative sum after selling the ruler-level Ocean Demons’ carcasses. They could apply to the Magic Association next year to request to be promoted into an army.

The captain was over the moon. They thought they would have to sacrifice a lot of men during the attack. But it was as if a large pie had fallen from the sky just for them and for free!

“Excuse me, are you the captain of the Summit Brigade?” A middle-aged and polite-looking man approached.

“That’s me. Who are you?” asked the bearded captain. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I’m just a passer-by. One of your members is drunk. He said you met Wei Guang at Pearl Institute campus area, is that true?” the man asked politely.

The bearded captain frowned.

He warned his subordinates to not simply reveal the truth lest the outsiders found that they robbed “Wei Guang” from his glory. Unfortunately, his subordinate had run his mouth off.

“How can such a thing be true? The kid is rambling because he is drunk. That’s all nonsense.” The bearded captain chuckled.

“Regarding your victory, the mercenaries say you and your members lack the abilities to wipe out the White Ocean Demons. Did Wei Guang assist you?” asked the middle-aged man while pushing back the glasses on the bridge of his nose.

The bearded captain noticed the middle-aged man was of mixed blood. He was very fair. He had brown pupils and could not speak the language accurately.

“No. He did not assist us. Now, if that is all, please don’t disturb us anymore. We want to enjoy our free time,” said the bearded captain impatiently.

The man grinned. His grin sent a chill down the captain’s spine.

The bearded captain had completed three elements of magical power. It was normal to act humbly before the “godly” fighter who killed the Lan Spider White Ocean Demons. However, he refused to be threatened by just any passer-by. He sprang up and confronted the middle-aged man of mixed blood.

“Sit down!” The middle-aged man shouted harshly.

The bearded captain shuddered. He felt as if something of crushing weight was pushing down on him. He sat down but the chair smashed into pieces, and he fell down.

The pot-bellied Mage was shocked and quickly tried to diffuse the situation.

“Mister, please don’t be angry. It’s true that we’ve met Wei Guang and he is the one who killed the White Ocean Demons. We helped him clean up the battleground,” said the pot-bellied Mage in a hurry.

“Can you describe how he looked?” said the middle-aged man.

“He wore a white shirt. His long hair was unkempt. It looked as though he hadn’t cut it for a year. There was a mark on his forehead…”

The middle-aged man of mixed blood looked like he had finally received the information he wanted. He glanced at the bearded captain and sneered.

“When someone asks you a question in the future, give an honest answer. You remind me of my dog. I have to whip it every time, so it knows I’m not playing with it.”

The middle-aged man took the liquor jar and splashed the contents against the bearded captain’s face. He laughed as he did it.

The other Summit Brigade members stood at the side. None of them dared to stop the middle-aged man. They could not possibly stop him. His imposing aura was so terrifying that they shuddered in his presence.

The middle-aged man left after he finished humiliating the bearded captain.

Even after the mixed blood man had left for some time, the bearded captain remained on the ground. He was in a mess, not because of the liquor poured all over him, but because of his resentment and helplessness after being humiliated in this manner!