Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2986 You Created Me

Mo Fan would not make concessions. His body was raging with flames, making him look like a divine spear that could pierce through the sky. He was incomparably dazzling in the blue night sky. The land, rivers, and mountains within hundreds of kilometers were all dyed red by the Sky-Piercing Divine Spear.

He attacked the Archangel Shalitha again. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Without his powerful angelic feathered shield, the Archangel Shalitha could only use his supernatural powers to confront Mo Fan head-on.

Shalitha had his wings pointing downward and was gazing down. Then, his body turned into a fine silver statue. However, a light that was not seen in the open still shined from within his eyes!

Shalitha bowed his head. Suddenly, numerous silver breezes in the shape of hats swept through everything in his line of sight.

Shalitha was at an altitude of thousands of meters, so the area he could see was vast. Having occupied a vast area, the Hat-shaped Silver Wind circled and gathered to form a Silver Wind Domain on their way to attack Mo Fan.

As Mo Fan’s Divine Phoenix Flame collided with those Silver Winds, the fiery flame was continuously extinguished.

Mo Fan was so powerful that he was unstoppable. However, the Silver Wind Domain slowed his speed and weakened his strength. The spiked spear that could pierce through the sky began to dim and disappear like a fleeting meteor after passing through the Silver Wind Domain.

The powerful spear was neutralized.

Archangel Shalitha’s supernatural powers were also startling.

Mo Fan was in the raging Hat-shaped Silver Winds. His irises turned dark red, and demon patterns covered his arms. Infinite power was in his veins, making his body as strong as that of a supernatural entity.

He extended his hand and closed his fingers. The evil energy that could make the world tremble turned into a bloody sickle in the sky. He tried to cut Shalitha’s head with it.

Shalitha did not know that Mo Fan’s demon power was unparalleled and thought he was trapped in the Silver Wind Domain. Even though they were thousands of meters apart, the bloody sickle that seemed to be able to divide the vast sky into two still slashed down.

Shalitha flapped his angelic wings and dodged.

The majestic feathers scattered. Shalitha’s wings and shoulders were wounded. He could feel the burning pain.

Shalitha did not stop. He flew toward the sky. The bloody sickle was still hanging high above his head. No matter how fast or far he escaped, he was still under the blade.

Swoosh!

The sickle slashed again, and Shalitha flew nearer to the ground. It was a large virgin pine forest with tall, centuries-old pine trees. The crown of coniferous trees formed a dark green sea lake. The view was breathtaking when the wind blew.

But in the next instant, the enormous pine forest was destroyed. As it pursued Shalitha into the forest, the bloody sickle felled tens of thousands of century-old pine trees and split the ground.

Shalitha was fast. He flew swiftly past the low mountains and undulating forests. However, he could not shake off the attack of the demonic bloody sickle. Shalitha quickly turned around to see the sickle’s destruction of the landscape behind him, and he was horrified to see it!

The enormous pine forest ended at the seashore.

Shalitha wanted to hide in the ocean but found that the beach, seawater, and shallows had been cut in half, causing a gap to form between the water. Although it had been pursuing him up until now, its strength was still so terrifying!

Shalitha stopped, gasped, and glanced back at the vast, torn land. His heart pounded in fear.

He touched his back. His hand was covered in blood when he pulled it back.

“I’m injured?” Shalitha could not see his back but could feel a burning pain.

He stepped on the seawater full of sand. When he was about to wash his wounds with the water, a silver wing on his back suddenly slipped off and fell into the sea.

Shalitha was stunned. He slowly turned his head and found that blood spurted from his back!

A wing! His wing! One of his wings was severed!

Shalitha could not believe it. He forgot to pick up the silver wing from the water which was soaking in the dirty seawater. He could not accept the fact that he had been severely injured.

“I will tear your wings first. Then, I’ll break your hands and feet before cutting your head off.” Mo Fan’s voice boomed on the beach.

In terms of speed, Mo Fan was just as fast. When the bloody sickle tore apart the land, he chased after Shalitha at the same time.

Shalitha’s face changed. He looked crazier and angrier than before.

“I made you the Wicked God, so I have absolute power to kill you!” Shalitha’s voice was loud and cold.

“If you were really confident in destroying me, you wouldn’t look so afraid.” Mo Fan walked toward Shalitha while watching his angel’s blood stain the beach red.

“Afraid of you?” Shalitha laughed like it was a joke.

As he laughed, he saw his silver wing floating in the seawater. Mo Fan had cut it off. Despite being an invincible killing angel, he was injured.

Was Shalitha not afraid of Mo Fan? If he was not afraid of Mo Fan, why would he be so mad to push Mo Fan into the abyss of death?

If he was not afraid of Mo Fan, why would he make Mo Fan his prime target to honor the Holy City and regard him as the greatest hidden threat?

Many existences in this world were stronger than Mo Fan, but Shalitha had chosen Mo Fan. He was not afraid of Mo Fan’s current strength. He was afraid that Mo Fan would break through all the shackles, and eventually, even the Archangel could not restrain him.

Shalitha was afraid of Mo Fan’s terrifying growth.

Shalitha foresaw the terrifying growth of Mo Fan and wanted to destroy him before he became more powerful. However, Shalitha suddenly realized that he had made a huge mistake.

The Wicked God was not a newborn baby!

His body had an adult demon. Having gathered the Eight Souls and sacrificed the Red Demon Kazuaki’s evil energy, Mo Fan could not control the powerful demonic power, which now possessed the strongest soul. He could use the demonic power at will!

Besides, the divine soul shaped by the Wicked God made the souls of the Red Bird and Chongming Divine Bird in Mo Fan’s body born into the soul of Sacred Feather Vermilion Bird.

This awakening was already powerful. When the two combined, Mo Fan was not afraid of the Archangels.

Shalitha was playing with fire.

He regarded Mo Fan as the greatest threat and wanted to get rid of him. However, he never thought he would turn Mo Fan into a demon with his own hands!

He created the Sacred Phoenix Vermilion Bird that was reborn from death and a mature demon who no longer needed to drain his energy!