Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2989 Stab His Heart

Mo Fan knew that he would not be able to escape from this area no matter what, so he did not waste time struggling.

The heart was like an eternal furnace. The icy cold from the polar regions or the frost from the alternate space could not extinguish the furnace. In his chest, the flame of the Sacred Feather Vermilion Bird was rolling. Every drop of blood in his body was burning hot, enough to form the most powerful fire! Every inch of his skin was hot and expelled the cold of the outside world that invaded his body.

Vitality. Energy.

Mo Fan was a Red Sun full of infinite vitality!

!!

Coldness, loneliness, and death could never erode all that he had. The heat of the Red Sun would sweep all these away!

“It seems that I still haven’t mastered a lot of things.” Mo Fan looked at the flames of the Red Sun in his chest.

Becoming a Wicked God did not mean Mo Fan was invincible. It meant he just discovered a skill that he had to work hard to improve. He still needed to discover many powerful forces and awaken many potent supernatural powers.

This was probably the reason why the Archangel Shalitha was unwilling to give Mo Fan a chance to survive. Shalitha knew that a newly born Wicked God was growing every second and would only get stronger with time.

The flames of the Red Sun dissipated the Frost of Alternate Space. The Sacred Tooth Staff in Shalitha’s hand caught fire. His hand was burnt. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Shalitha’s face turned pale. The wound on his back began to take a toll on him. He became weaker, and his eyes turned vicious.

He attacked Mo Fan again with high speed and strength. His body was getting weaker but it was still like a big steel mountain to Mo Fan.

Bang!

Mo Fan was sent flying. Waves of ripples appeared. The ripples rushing into the sky could easily penetrate the dark clouds several hundred meters thick. They could even lift the ground if they rushed to it.

Mo Fan fell to the ground and hit the land between the mountains. More than a dozen nearby mountains collapsed under the force of the fall.

Dust was everywhere. Shalitha suddenly rushed down from the sky like a silver lightning bolt. Mo Fan used the Eyes of Medusa and saw Shalitha’s Sacred Tooth Staff trying to stab his head.

Its power was so strong that it washed away the surrounding air, forming a giant cone-shaped air space.

Mo Fan stood up. After seeing that Shalitha planned to fight him in close quarters, he stood his ground.

Mo Fan rushed up from the ground like a sharp red light and fought fiercely with Shalitha’s silver lightning bolt in midair. Their figures were blurred because both were impossibly fast. They were like two black dragons fighting each other!

The pure savage power of the demon was not inferior to that of the Archangel. When the Sacred Tooth Staff stabbed, Mo Fan held the staff’s handle tightly so that its sharp fangs could not attack him.

Demon patterns appeared on Mo Fan’s skin. His forehead, face, and arms were full of these scary patterns. These patterns were full of powerful energy.

Mo Fan tightly grasped the sacred tooth. Shalitha wanted to pull it out but found that Mo Fan was pulling him closer bit by bit. The terrifying killing intent in the dark red eyes made Shalitha feel afraid.

Mo Fan pulled the Sacred Tooth Staff fiercely and flung Shalitha toward a sharp mountain peak. The mountain peak broke, and Shalitha rolled over and fell into a vast, wild grassland.

Before Shalitha had the time to stand up, Mo Fan triggered a Storm Cloud. Mo Fan stood proudly in the sky full of dark clouds. Shocking lightning bolts struck from the sky and hit the same position.

The barren grassland instantly turned into a purgatory of lightning. Shalitha’s body twitched after the lightning struck him. He could not even hold the Sacred Tooth Combat Staff and kneeled on the ground.

Lightning bolts continued to strike him, and Mo Fan stood in the middle. His eyes turned from dark red to light purple. More and more lightning bolts struck from the sky and hit the mountains. The barren grassland where Shalitha was turned into a deep abyss.

There was a huge hole caused by lightning strikes from the sky!

...

There was no light in the bottom of the hole, except for lightning bolts that kept striking continuously.

Shalitha rose from a pile of scorched underground rocks and trembled. His back was severely aggravated, and he had lost a lot of blood. Compared with his previous prideful self, he was now miserable. He looked like an injured, wild wolf.

The sacred halo had disappeared. Mo Fan’s demon power had suppressed it.

He raised his hand and tried to call upon the lost Sacred Tooth Combat Staff.

The Sacred Tooth Staff flew quickly from the thick rock layer to Shalitha’s hand, like a needle piercing through the soft mud. But when he saw his Sacred Tooth Staff, he found that only one part of the Sacred Tooth Staff remained. The upper part had disappeared.

Boom!

A fierce lightning bolt struck the hole. When it was about to hit the bottom of the hole, it suddenly turned into numerous snakes. The snakes quickly filled the hole like filaments and illuminated it.

The light was dazzling. Shalitha was anxious when he found Mo Fan standing less than ten meters away. Mo Fan was holding the other half of the Sacred Tooth Staff.

“If you want it, I can give it to you,” said Mo Fan.

The next moment, Mo Fan appeared before Shalitha. He tried to stab Shalitha’s heart with the blade of the Sacred Tooth Staff!

Shalitha squirmed and dodged, but Mo Fan still pierced through his arm and nailed him to a rock.

The angel’s blood splattered in the cracks of the rock. Some specks of blood hit Mo Fan’s face.

Shalitha was furious. He stabbed at Mo fan’s chest with the remaining half of the Combat Staff that he held in his hands.

Mo Fan could dodge, but he would miss the perfect opportunity to kill Shalitha. He was already mad with anger so being stabbed did not scare him.

He extended his hand. His palm faced Shalitha’s face.

The flames of Vermilion Bird surged from his body again and transported to his wrist within seconds. Finally, the flames burst out through his palm.