Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3016 The Person Behind the Scene

“Isn’t that the greatest secret in our family? We don’t know how except you and the mysterious guest,” said Thompson.

The mysterious guest was the anonymous person who owned 30% of the shares in the Victorian family.

His appearance was the reason the Victorian family’s dragon taming technique had improved by leaps and bounds. They started with taming the flying dragon before expanding to training other enormous dragons.

Without the mysterious guest, the Victorian family would not have achieved their current glorious state!

“I’m going to announce the true identity of the mysterious guest today,” said Ayleen as she looked at the group.

The meeting room was in uproar. Finally, Ayleen was going to announce the true identity of that mysterious guest!

The group looked forward to her announcement. After all, they had no idea about the identity of the mysterious guest even today.

They all looked at Ayleen. Meanwhile, Ayleen walked slowly to the far end of the table. She walked up to Ye Xinxia’s seat.

The next moment, Ayleen did something that caught everyone by surprise.

Ayleen helped Ye Xinxia up and gently led her forward. She invited Ye Xinxia to the empty seat between the four people with the greatest power. Ye Xinxia then sat down between Old Weller and Ayleen!

The group was shocked at the sight. Their eyes almost popped out of their sockets.

This was especially so for Lady Karolina. She had tried many times to dig out the identity of the mysterious guest. She did everything she could to curry favor with the mysterious guest.

And the person was… Ye Xinxia?

“Some of you say we don’t need to strengthen our tie with the Parthenon Temple. What a joke! Perhaps, many of us have forgotten that the Parthenon Temple not only has the world’s ruler-level blessing but has also mastered the Psychic Element that surpassed all magic organizations. How do you think the dragons that were once so wild had suddenly turned docile?”

Ayleen gradually raised her voice. She appeared even more solemn and sacred!

‘They are truly a bunch of idiots! They don’t know how the Victorian family achieved its current glory even today!’

Many years ago, Ayleen visited Victoria and the Victorian family’s dragon taming base with Ye Xinxia.

Ayleen told Ye Xinxia that the dragons they tamed had a very high-risk factor. As much as they wanted to tame them, they paid a risky price for it.

Ye Xinxia suggested using the Parthenon Temple’s Psychic magic and combining it with the Victorian family’s understanding about the nature of the dragon in order to tame the flying dragons.

They often spent time together discussing the theory. Hence, the outsiders thought they were very close with each other.

And why not? After all, they both shared the same goal, which was to create the world’s most powerful tamed beast, the dragon!

… T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The Victorian family around the table fell silent for a long time.

All this while, they thought that the mysterious person who held the Victorian family’s power might be a certain old man. They assumed the person was a Psychic Element old mage who had mastered the world’s most powerful Psychic Element magic. They thought the person was a wandering, unorthodox God who had accidentally run into the Victorian family and perfected their dragon taming techniques.

Ye Xinxia occasionally showed up during the family’s meeting. Most of the Victorian family members thought their investment fund came from the Parthenon Temple Fund so Ye Xinxia was present in the meetings because she had invested her money on them.

Dragon taming required a large sum of money. The Victorian family did not gain its financial support from England. The Parthenon Temple had great wealth. Thus, the Victorian family members thought their connection with the Parthenon Temple was only limited to monetary deals. They had never related it to Psychic Element magic they relied upon.

In other words, the saintess of the Parthenon Temple, Ye Xinxia, had been supporting the Victorian family from behind the public curtains. She was the reason the Victorian family could enjoy its current glory.

The meeting had lost its purpose. Ayleen owned 30% of power. And Ye Xinxia also owned 30% of power.

The Victorian family was at the height of its power, and the two were the decision makers of the family.

They did not have to seek other people’s consent in the decisions they made next.

“Old Weller, henceforth, the Victorian family, its allies, its business partners, and its trade dealers have to support Ye Xinxia in her election. If not, we will terminate all their agreements. Regardless of which country, regime, great family, and organization they belong to,” said Ayleen to Old Weller who was presiding over the meeting

Old Weller did not recover his senses for a long time. The news was truly very shocking. It turned out that the Parthenon Temple was the backbone of the Victorian family!

And the White Magic leader…

Ye Xinxia frequently showed up in the Victorian family meetings. Why had they never suspected her to be the mysterious person?

“The result is truly unexpected. We naturally respect your decision. Our family will not exist without the Parthenon Temple. I’ll have someone to draft the proposal and have them execute it. Others, do you have anything to say?” asked Old Weller.

“No! Nothing!”

“Good. It has always been our pleasure to be able to cooperate closely with the Parthenon Temple!”

“We have to thank the Parthenon Temple for bestowing us with such supremacy. Saintess Ye Xinxia, thank you very much.” Thompson squeezed out a respectful smile despite his dismay.

And no one had a harder time to accept this truth than Lady Karolina.

It was supposed to be her win. She was very confident that Ye Xinxia needed 25% of her voting power in order to ensure she could gain support from the entire family and its allies.

Lady Karolina did not expect this outcome.

In fact, if she wanted to grow the dragon gambling industry in the future, she had to do it under Ye Xinxia!

Was this the reason why Ye Xinxia had no fear of Lady Karolina? When Lady Karolina was in the Parthenon Temple, even Izisha had to treat Lady Karolina respectfully. Meanwhile, Ye Xinxia treated her as she would treat anybody else.

With the support from the Victorian family, Ye Xinxia had the ability to compete with Izisha head-on during the election. Therefore, the result of the election became uncertain once more.

Lady Karolina was an important member in the Forbidden Curse Alliance. She was aware of the world’s insider information, especially the goddess election.

Both the Holy City and the Forbidden Curse Alliance hoped Izisha could be re-elected as the goddess. With the two forces manipulating Izisha behind the scenes, Ye Xinxia was no match for Izisha despite her strong appeal.

This was often the case in most elections. It looked like they would bring about a whole new reformation on the surface. In reality, everything remained the same. An election did not entirely depend on the number of ballots, but it also depended on the whims of the “top management”.

Although the Parthenon Temple was detached from the Magic Association, the previous Parthenon Temple goddess was very close with the Magic Association and the Holy City. The Holy City could not interfere with the internal affairs of the Parthenon Temple, but they could interfere with the electors!