Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3027 The Supreme Pontiff

Izisha glanced at the Twin Tyrant Titans. At that moment, the Adjudicators were controlling the Tyrant Titans with the Light Bundle Formation.

“No problem. Withdraw from the campaign now and let me be the Goddess. The Tyrant Titans are not really that fearful. Besides, I’m more familiar than you in awakening the power of the temple,” said Izisha.

Ye Xinxia shook her head. She had not come to Izisha to inform her that she was withdrawing from the campaign. She came to ask Izisha to drop out of the campaign. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Hah! Then why do you have to come and find me? Do you think I look like someone with a compassionate heart?” sneered Izisha.

!!

Izisha refused to give in to Ye Xinxia, much less sacrifice herself for the sake of the battle before her. History showed that people usually died in the battles. Izisha would not hand over Parthenon Temple’s controlling power to Ye Xinxia.

Even though Ye Xinxia had the Divine Soul and was God’s Chosen One, Izisha refused to believe it. Life was not determined by destiny. Since ancient times, all Goddesses became who they were through competition and killing. They never counted on other people’s mercy.

“Ye Xinxia, if you still have some self-conscience, withdraw from the election now,” said Izisha pointing at Ye Xinxia.

“Impossible.” Ye Xinxia said with resoluteness.

“You’re so pathetic and ridiculous! Your mother is the woman who is standing on the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan’s shoulder. Once the Athenians discover it, do you think you will still be qualified to run for office?” Izisha spoke aggressively.

“My mother is her own person, and I’m who I am. You also killed your own brother. He was my father,” said Ye Xinxia.

“Ye Xinxia, are you truly that naive? How could you still speak to me in this manner? Bring out your coolness that belongs to a Supreme Pontiff. Show me your aura as the Supreme Pontiff of the Black Vatican. Blackmail me to give up the Goddess throne in exchange for Athenians’ lives! If you do all this, I’ll then consider your offer!” Izisha burst out into laughter.

“I’m not the Supreme Pontiff.” Ye Xinxia frowned.

She did not understand why Izisha insisted that she was related to the Black Vatican? Does that make Izisha feel better?

“As you can see, Salan is bent on destroying Parthenon Temple including Athens. Even if a Goddess is elected, the Goddess can at most defeat the Tyrant Titans, but the people in the city will still die. Ye Xinxia, you’re the one who can truly save Athenians as long as you give your order. You’re the saintess, you’re Salan’s daughter, and you’re the Supreme Pontiff of Black Vatican. You can do whatever you want and make any decision you like. Why do you have to be so pretentious and discuss the issue with me?” Izisha said with great conviction.

“Izisha, are you mad? I told you I’m not the Supreme Pontiff!” Ye Xinxia said furiously.

Izisha looked into Ye Xinxia’s eyes. She wanted to see through her eyes to her soul.

“Dare you let me use Psychic Element to examine your memory and your soul? The reason you want to become the Goddess is because you don’t want a brutal and cold-hearted person like me to be Parthenon Temple’s ruler. But your refusal will only make the future worse. Have you ever thought that the reason I refuse to give in to you is because of your dark side and hypocrisy? You gained your current position through a conspiracy. The black flames had long surrounded Athens and Parthenon Temple because of you, Ye Xinxia!” accused Izisha.

“Go ahead and examine yourself. I’ve had enough of your illogical accusations,” said Ye Xinxia impatiently.

Izisha stretched out her hand and placed her palm on Ye Xinxia’s forehead.

Psychic Vision could see through one’s inner memories. It could examine whether one’s soul had fallen or remained pure at a single glance. The moment Izisha’s palm touched Ye Xinxia’s forehead, Izisha could see through Ye Xinxia’s lies.

Ye Xinxia’s eyes became unfocused when Izisha used her Psychic Element Magic…

“Have you seen it?” asked Ye Xinxia.

“I trust you, your current self,” Izisha said as she drew her hand away.

“We don’t have much time.” Ye Xinxia stared at the Temple’s Protection with concern.

“I didn’t expect this. You’re truly good at hiding your identity as the Supreme Pontiff,” said Izisha to herself.

“Izisha!” Ye Xinxia flew into a rage of humiliation. Izisha still thought Ye Xinxia was the Supreme Pontiff!

“Ye Xinxia, you have to listen carefully to what I’m going to say. As I mentioned, I trust you at your current self now.” Izisha’s face changed. It was clear to see that she had put aside her prejudice and hostility for the present.

Ye Xinxia was terrified. She couldn’t think of any other way to prevent the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan from entering the city and slaughtering everyone.

“Didn’t you always want to know how I resurrected from the dead, despite the fact that I don’t have the Divine Soul or mastery of the Resurrection Divine Art?” Izisha asked.

“We don’t have time to talk about this.”

“No, you have to listen to me if you truly want the city to be safe.” Izisha stared at Ye Xinxia with unprecedented solemness.

Ye Xinxia sighed. “Alright. I am listening.”

“First, the person who resurrected me from the dead is related to Khufu from Egypt. But another person who is even more powerful resurrected me from the Ice Coffin. The person is none other than your father, Wen Tai,” said Izisha.

Ye Xinxia was stunned.

“Isn’t he already…” Ye Xinxia’s tone changed.

“You said I killed my own brother. You’re right, I was the one who made him a prisoner on the execution cross in the Holy City and allowed the God of Death to drag him to hell so that he could not be resurrected ever again. But are you aware that this was what Wen Tai wanted for himself?” Izisha spat out a truth that made Ye Xinxia tremble.

‘This is what Wen Tai wanted for himself?’ wondered Ye Xinxia, disbelievingly.

“Wen Tai was the one who made me throw the Black Stone,” said Izisha.

“That’s impossible! You’re lying!” Ye Xinxia shook her head. She vividly remembered the sight. All the flashbacks appeared in her mind. She recalled Izisha was the one who wanted to make Wen Tai disappear from the world.

“Think carefully, with his strength and influence at that time, as well as the large number of admirers around him, do you truly think that he stood no change in fighting the Holy City? It was clear that he could have brought change to the world, but he chose to die. At that time, no one could possibly kill him except himself!” Izisha described the situation to Ye Xinxia.

Ye Xinxia recalled Wen Tai’s past glory and his unmatched status. He also had numerous admirers.

It was his own choice to die. But why did he choose to die?

Was it because he refused to make enemies with the ancient rulers of the world, and refused to start a war of the ruling class that would certainly affect the citizens, hence his decision?

But Izisha told Ye Xinxia this was just one of the reasons that Wen Tai chose to die.

“The Dark Plane’s power was a hundred times more powerful than the ocean. They influenced our frail plane through our continuous contribution of Dark Magic. Wen Tai noticed the Dark Plane’s ambitious plan, so he chose to die. He chose the Dark Plane so that he could become the Dark King to protect our frail world!”

“Wen Tai is the Dark King.”

“There are only two people in this world who possess the Resurrection Divine Art. It’s you and Wen Tai. It was Wen Tai’s will to resurrect me in the Ice Coffin. It was also Wen Tai’s will for me to participate in the Goddess campaign.”

Wen Tai was the Dark King! He was the one who resurrected Izisha from the dead!

The moment Ye Xinxia heard this, she felt dizzy and almost lost her balance.

‘Was what Izisha said true? How could this be possible?’

“I-I don’t believe you.” Ye Xinxia sucked in deep breath.

“Let me tell you something more,” said Izisha.

“We don’t have time…” Ye Xinxia noticed the Temple’s Protection was fading away.

“After hearing this, if you still want to become a Goddess, I’ll step down,” said Izisha solemnly.

“Say it,” said Ye Xinxia.

“You’re the Supreme Pontiff, and there’s no doubt about it,” said Izisha.

“You—”

“Hear me out. You received the Divine Soul at a very young age. The Divine Soul brought a huge load to your soul. You even had difficulty walking when you were young. The truth is, the Divine Soul also has another effect on you, which is your memory. Of course, this can be an effect of the Black Vatican’s Amnesia Bug,” said Izisha, pointing at Salan.

“She can erase your memory of being Supreme Pontiff and make you believe that you are an ordinary person. When the time comes, she will make you enter Parthenon Temple so that you can enter the Goddess Peak with your Divine Soul.”

“Hall Mother, Pamise, is a person who abides by the ancient righteousness. She will give everything to help you to grow and become a saintess with a perfect image in Parthenon Temple. Meanwhile, Salan continues to expand the Dark Plane in the world and create chaos. She makes it look like she’s seeking revenge. The truth is, she is wiping out the people and groups that can obstruct you from becoming the Goddess. Since those people kill Wen Tai, they will naturally do everything they can to stop you from becoming the Goddess, because you’re his daughter.”

Izisha told her everything. Ye Xinxia listened attentively to Izisha’s words. Izisha could tell from Ye Xinxia’s expression that Ye Xinxia was still having trouble believing her.

“Do you mean that I’m the Supreme Pontiff, but I can’t remember it now. Is the memory of me being the Supreme Pontiff sealed with the Amnesia Bug?” Ye Xinxia finally understood why Izisha insisted that she was the Supreme Pontiff.

The explanation seemed to make sense.

After all, when Ye Xinxia was accused of being the Red Cardinal Salan, she used to doubt herself. At that time, she remembered she had been to the Black Vatican’s main altar and witnessed a man in a huge robe…

“I know you won’t believe me, but the facts are before your eyes. How did the Golden Sun Tyrant Titans resurrect from the dead? You’re the only person who possesses the Resurrection Divine Art in this world!

“You and your mother have joined forces, or at least, you have met each other before. Unfortunately, you don’t have any memory of it.”

“You go to bed every night with a kind soul. Have you ever thought that the evil soul that you are born with since childhood makes you wear the Supreme Pontiff ring and wander around the sinful city? No one knows your true identity, because even you yourself are not aware of it!” said Izisha.

For some reason, Izisha’s words struck Ye Xinxia’s soul. It was only then that she recalled the different visions she saw when she went to bed at night and woke up in the morning.

The mountains and the sea…