Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3036 Ruler of Black and White

Pamise created all of it.

Even though she was the Hall Mother, she did not support Ye Xinxia according to the ancient Divine Soul’s will.

The main reason was that she was the current Supreme Pontiff. She envisioned a truly prosperous world, complete with a prosperous Black Vatican and a prosperous Parthenon Temple.

The prosperous world would submit to the white clothes!

!!

…

This day had finally arrived.

Everything that the Hall Mother Pamise had been expecting was finally here. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

After today, the Black Vatican would no longer need to remain in the shadows. They might even appear in this grand ceremony and be bestowed with titles in front of everyone!

Which Supreme Pontiff in history could pull something like this off?

“Ye Xinxia, I knew you would wear the white clothes the first day you stepped into the temple as a trainee female attendant!” The Hall Mother, Pamise, smiled almost badly.

She was the greatest Supreme Pontiff of all time. She created the Dark Beast Monsters and transformed the Black Vatican, which was as shameful as a mouse, into a dark organization that terrified the entire world. She even wrote an epic chapter in which one individual served as both the Supreme Pontiff of the Black Vatican and the Goddess of the Parthenon Temple!

That person was Ye Xinxia.

She was a raw material that Pamise carved into a perfect jade. They were destined to usher in an unprecedented era!

At this moment, the Hall Mother no longer hid her identity.

She wore a ring. Initially, the ring was completely transparent, but it slowly became shiny, as if a high-quality red wine had been poured into it.

“This is the Supreme Pontiff’s Blood Stone. I’ll give it to you. You’ll be the new White Supreme Pontiff!” said Hall Mother, Pamise.

She took off the ring and slowly walked to Ye Xinxia.

“You have to do one last thing for me, so I can ensure your loyalty and pass on the position of White Supreme Pontiff to you,” said Hall Mother, Pamise. “Kill Ye Chang. She is out of control. She is like a madman who wants to kill everyone.”

Salan was an ambitious person. She kept looking for the real identity of the Supreme Pontiff while killing all those related to the Supreme Pontiff.

With the influence she accumulated over the years, Salan gradually controlled several other Red Cardinals. She even appointed a new Red Cardinal without the permission of the Supreme Pontiff!

But she had to admit that Salan was a scary character.

Even though the Hall Mother, Pamise, had a support agreement with Salan, she never revealed her identity. Salan chased after her and arrived at the Parthenon Temple.

Salan successfully influenced the Tulce family to instigate a rebellion and released the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan, which showed that Salan knew that the Dark Beast Monster was related to the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan. She also knew that the Supreme Pontiff must be related to the Tulce family.

The Hall Mother had enough confidence to control Ye Xinxia because she knew that Ye Xinxia needed a perfect positive image. She had the mark of the Supreme Pontiff’s successor on her body and the Supreme Pontiff’s ring.

But Salan was different.

Salan was a destroyer. The Hall Mother firmly believed that Salan would kill anyone without hesitation if she could achieve her goal, including her daughter.

The Hall Mother and Ye Xinxia had to join forces to deal with Salan, who had gradually taken control of the Black Vatican. Only then would the white and black come together. No one could disobey them in the Parthenon Temple or the Black Vatican!

She was just a step away. No matter what, they must kill the person who might threaten their plan to unite the white and the black. That person did not act in accordance with the rules. She was a lunatic who only knew how to satisfy her desire to kill!

…

After the Hall Mother took off the ring from her finger, it returned to its original transparent color. It looked no different from ordinary jewelry. Even if it was sent to Holy City for identification, people in Holy City would not be able to say for certain that this was the Supreme Pontiff’s ring.

The key to the Supreme Pontiff’s ring was not the ring itself, but rather the person.

Just like the Blood Stone that confirmed the identity of the Red Cardinal when blood was dropped on it, the Supreme Pontiff’s ring did the same.

The agate that was as transparent as glass could only reveal the essence of the Blood Stone of the Supreme Pontiff when it came into contact with the real Supreme Pontiff!

Ye Xinxia was the successor to the Supreme Pontiff. When she was framed, she was able to awaken the Cardinal Blood Stone, not because of her relationship with Salan but because she was the successor to the Supreme Pontiff. The successor to the Supreme Pontiff could awaken any Cardinal Blood Stone. Izisha was correct about this.

The Hall Mother had passed the ring to Ye Xinxia. She stared at Ye Xinxia. In fact, she was also curious about whether Ye Xinxia would wear it, after all.

Once she wore this ring, she would become the Supreme Pontiff. Whether or not she had committed any crimes, she would be held accountable for every crime committed by the congregation.

But if Ye Xinxia did not wear this ring, the Hall Mother would not let Ye Xinxia leave from here alive.

If only Ye Xinxia had decided not to visit here late at night, she would simply be the Goddess of the Parthenon Temple. The Goddess was regarded as a perfect puppet by the Hall Mother. After all, it was thanks to the Hall Mother that Ye Xinxia was able to reach her current position. During Ye Xinxia’s reign, she must obey the Hall Mother.

But Ye Xinxia had come for a visit. Therefore, she must now accept the status of Supreme Pontiff of the Black Vatican!

The most glorious chapter in the history of the Black Vatican would start today. The Hall Mother’s ambition was not just to control the Parthenon Temple.

The Parthenon Temple did not represent this world. What represented the world were Holy City, the Five Continents Magic Association, and the Forbidden Curse Alliance.

It was far from possible for a single Parthenon Temple and a single Black Vatican to compete with these three organizations. When the Parthenon Temple and the Black Vatican were united, she could reshuffle the forces in the world!

Hall Mother desired to rebalance the world’s forces!

Ye Xinxia’s appearance here tonight to have a private conversation with her as the Supreme Pontiff’s successor meant that Ye Xinxia shared her ambition!

She must wear the ring.

Without the ruthless methods of the Black Vatican, the Parthenon Temple’s glories would always be hindered, and it would always be suppressed by the Five Continents Magic Association and Holy City.

“You only have one minute to think about it. If you drip your blood on it, you will be the new Supreme Pontiff!” Hall Mother Pamise said to Ye Xinxia.

This one-minute decision may change the trajectory of the world drastically!

Ye Xinxia slowly put the ring on her index finger. There seemed to be a tiny fang inside the ring, which cut her finger when Ye Xinxia pushed it through.