Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3042 Threat Close At Hand

“The murderers will act as the Black Vatican…”

Hall Mother, Pamise, heard Ye Xinxia’s words. She felt as though her soul had been sucked away. ‘So, this was Ye Xinxia’s calculated plan!’

Hall Mother, Pamise, had viewed Salan as her greatest threat. She had thought that she was in complete control of Ye Xinxia. Little did she know that while she was focusing on how to get rid of the Red Cardinal Salan, Ye Xinxia had stabbed her in the back! Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Ye Xinxia killed all the members of the Black Vatican in the name of the Black Vatican itself!

!!

Parthenon Temple’s foundation remained, but the Black Vatican was gone. There was only one person left in the Black Vatican now. And that was the Supreme Pontiff herself, Ye Xinxia.

“Ye Xinxia, I brought you up and granted you all the power in the world, but this is how you repay me?! Without me, the Black Vatican would not be as great as it is today! Without me, Parthenon Temple would not have achieved this!” Hall Mother, Pamise, walked. Her blood-shot eyes made her look as if her facial bones were about to peel off from her skin.

At that moment, Ye Xinxia turned around. The train of her dress was stained with spots of blood. She walked out.

How could Hall Mother, Pamise, possibly let Ye Xinxia make it out alive? Ye Xinxia had killed her Black Vatican pawns whom she had brought up for several decades. Today, all of her pawns had died with their throats slit. Ye Xinxia was also one of Hall Mother, Pamise’s pawns.

Outside the hall, several skinny and old figures who had appeared last night showed up again. Hall Mother, Pamise, regretted nothing more than handing over the Supreme Pontiff’s ring to Ye Xinxia. She should have killed Ye Xinxia last night!

Salan’s threat had forced Hall Mother, Pamise, to gather all the Black Vatican inside Parthenon Mountain. After all, Hall Mother, Pamise, assumed she and Salan would be the final two people in battle. Little did she know that Ye Xinxia had taken advantage of this great opportunity!

Ye Xinxia killed the Black Vatican in public without caring much about others. Today was the only day when all the Black Vatican gathered in Parthenon Mountain.

“Kill her!” Hall Mother, Pamise, shouted at the old figures.

Ye Xinxia was already outside the hall. She sensed a majestic aura from both sides of the forests.

She continued to walk forward. The old experts approached Ye Xinxia but a blazing sun fell from the sky. A wave of black-striped flames covered the sky. For a moment, everyone, except Ye Xinxia, was trapped by a cage made up of black-striped flames.

The mountain was ablaze. A majestic giant filled with a heat wave appeared before the Hall Mountain Pavilion and trampled it.

The old figures did not survive it. The terrifying Ring of the Sun drew them to the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan. The Tyrant Titan smashed them hard into the gap of the mountain, then dragged them out again. As a result, the old figures were shattered into pieces!

It was the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan! It was resurrected from the dead once again!

This time, Goddess Ye Xinxia was the one who granted the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan a new life.

She had gathered the Knights of the Seal with Holy Souls to kill the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan. After that, the knights carried its body back to Parthenon Temple.

In the same night, Ye Xinxia cast the Resurrection Divine Art and completed a soul deal with the Golden Sun Tyrant Titan.

It could either choose to have its soul destroyed or accept Parthenon Temple’s Divine Soul resurrection and become the Goddess’ slave.

The Golden Sun Tyrant Titan made a wise choice. Even an ancient god would choose to become a slave in the face of someone who was more powerful.

Since the Hall Mother, Pamise, started everything by using the Golden Sun to make Ye Xinxia the Goddess and strengthen the Black Vatican, Ye Xinxian used it to end everything.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The flames spread all over the mountain. It was like a burning hell portal which slowly engulfed the Hall Mountain Pavilion located at the mountain peak. No one inside the Hall Mountain Pavilion or at the mountain peak could survive the flames.

A cold figure appeared in the middle of the terrifying, black-striped flames. The cold figure in crystal heels walked on the marble staircase, producing a rhythmic sound.

The sight before her was Parthenon Temple’s unique and poetic, lush scenery filled with birds, flowers, white staircases, bronze statues, forests, ancient halls, and people in blue dresses…

Meanwhile, behind her was a sea of fire. The hellish heat waves surged like a roaring demon and reduced the people to ashes…

The mountain peak was separated from Parthenon Mountain’s peak by the two saintesses’ halls. It was also separated from several towering mountains. Even if the fire burned vigorously, the view was blocked by the large mountains. The people could only see that the area was illuminated in a bright light.

Many places inside Parthenon Temple were brightly illuminated. After the lockdown, no one cared about the Hall Mother Pavilion and the mountain peak that had fallen into a sea of fire. No one knew that the Old Supreme Pontiff of the powerful Black Vatican had died.

…

Hall Mother, Pamise’s shrill scream and roars echoed throughout the mountain peak and valley. She was frustrated.

After all, the Hall Mother, Pamise, was the one who drove Ye Xinxia to become the Goddess. She had chosen Ye Xinxia.

When Ye Xinxia first joined Parthenon Temple, she was as pure as a blank sheet of paper. Hall Mother, Pamise, viewed her as the perfect candidate. She believed that Ye Xinxia would follow her orders to slowly make changes to Parthenon Temple or the Black Vatican.

For a very long time, Ye Xinxia gave the impression that she was not someone to be wary of. She carried herself like a Goddess of education. She was detail-oriented, compassionate, and eager to assist those in need.

Her image exactly fit the Parthenon Temple’s requirements.

Parthenon Temple did not have to rely on a Goddess with Ye Xinxia’s personality to achieve its glory. Instead, they preferred Izisha’s decisiveness and coolness. However, with Ye Xinxia focusing on perfecting her image and letting others do the dirty work, that would be a sensible choice to make.

Hall Mother, Pamise, admitted that she, too, had been deceived by Ye Xinxia.

Hall Mother, Pamise, would have been more careful if her opponents were either Izisha or Salan. If only she had been as careful, she wouldn’t have ended up in this situation.

Unfortunately, her opponent was Ye Xinxia. Ever since Ye Xinxia joined Parthenon Temple, Hall Mother, Pamise, assumed Ye Xinxia was someone whom she could easily control. She had assumed Ye Xinxia was of this world and could be easily controlled. She had expected to manipulate Ye Xinxia’s destiny under her guidance.

Hall Mother, Pamise, had viewed Salan as her nemesis her entire life. Little did she know that the greatest threat was the one whom she had personally brought up to share her power to rule over both good and evil.

While Ye Xinxia seemingly looked as if she was in pain, being manipulated by others, and at the mercy of others, she rose and triumphed over those whom Hall Mother, Pamise, thought were the greatest threat to her!