Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3045 The Ice Abyss Undead

At night…

Glaciers had filled the land for around ten thousand years. The withered and cold land became lifeless.

When it came to the Eternal Night, even the ice field tribes from the Extreme South Land had to migrate. Their bodies, including their boiling blood, could not sustain their lives in the eternal ice kingdom for more than ten days. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Not many tribes could stay alive without food, heat, and above all, the boiling blood with high temperature needed for their bodies, except the lifeless creatures, the Ice Abyss Undead.

!!

The Ice Abyss Undead was the most powerful and brutal living being in the South Extreme Eternal Nights.

The Eternal Night in Extreme South gave birth to a sort of Ice Element Extreme Dust. They were the most precious treasure in the Extreme South Land. The reason the ice field creatures were several times more powerful than the demons in the deep ocean was because they had been refined by the harsh environment. Another reason was because of the Ice Element Extreme Dust.

The Extreme Dust resembled the star fragments that had fallen from the starry sky in Eternal Night. They shone in a rare dust color even in the middle of the storm shrouded in darkness. Although the size of the Extreme Dust was only as big as a fingernail, the power unleashed was capable of freezing a mountain range of dozens of kilometers into an iceberg.

The Ice Abyss Undead were ardent fans of the Extreme Dust. Whenever the Eternal Night arrived, the cruel Ice Abyss Undead wandered around in the dark and looked for the rare Extreme Dust. The Ice Abyss Undead did not mind mass killing the Extreme South tribes for the sake of a land of Extreme Dust.

The Extreme Dust brought extremely powerful transformation power to the ice field creatures. Even the ice field tribes who lived in the Extreme South would do everything to grab the Extreme Dust.

The Eternal Night in the Extreme South was filled with primitive savagery, and killings. The resources were scarce. Extreme Dust may exist in even a tiny territory. Soon, the territory would be covered in carcasses, corpses, and red frost.

Swoosh!

Several Ice Abyss Undead with their lower bodies in black spirit form traveled in the middle of the strong breeze. They fixed their gaze on the broken ice ground with their emerald-green eyes. They were looking for something.

Roar!

Suddenly, a holy white and spotless White Tiger lunged at them from the dark. One of its claws grew enormous and smashed the three Ice Abyss Undead down.

After the three Ice Abyss Undead fell to the ground, the White Tiger immediately transformed into a ray of light, like a white scimitar. It broke the solid earth and tore the powerful Ice Abyss Undead apart.

One Extreme Dust fell from one of the Ice Abyss Undead. The White Tiger stirred up a strong breeze. The next moment, a graceful figure walked out from the side of the pure white, snow sand dune.

The fierce and brave White Tiger picked up the Extreme Dust in its mouth. It then spread its paws and ran back to the lady in a snow fox fur, like a large dog seeking a reward after picking up a Frisbee.

The snow fox fur was pure silver. Similarly, the lady had snow-silver long hair. She looked like a snow fox turned temptress when she walked out of the snow sand dune. Her beauty and nobility came from within her bones, yet she looked surreal.

The Little White Tiger passed the Extreme Dust to Mu Ningxue. Mu Ningxue did not take it.

The Little White Tiger pondered carefully for a moment and used its furry paws to wipe away its dirty saliva on the Extreme Dust. After it cleaned the Extreme Dust, the Little White Tiger looked at her innocently.

“Follow our previous plan, and don’t get it wrong this time,” Mu Ningxue warned the Little White Tiger.

Blink!

The Little White Tiger changed back to its mini version. It became as gentle as a small white kitten. It wanted to burrow into Mu Ningxue’s warm embrace.

Unfortunately, Mu Ningxue ignored it. The Little White Tiger was disappointed. It followed beside Mu Ningxue like a small stray dog.

…

As they walked, the Little White Tiger smelled something. It immediately perked up its fluffy ears. Its eyes lit up with a thieving look.

Mu Ningxue also noticed it. She fixed her gaze on the thick frosty darkness.

“It finally appears.” Mu Ningxue looked delighted.

Mu Ningxue and the Little White Tiger had set up the trap for a very long time. Unfortunately, it did not fall for it.

But Mu Ningxue did not give up. She had plenty of time and patience

The Ice Abyss Undead hunted down other ice field tribes and obtained the rare Ice Element Extreme Dust from their territories. Mu Ningxue and the Little White Tiger were specialized in hunting down the Ice Abyss Undead. They formed a cruel food chain. Mu Ningxue and the Little White Tiger were on top of the food chain.

However, Mu Ningxue was fully aware that the Ice Abyss Undead was not the most terrifying creature. The Ice Abyss Undead served a ten-thousand-year-old creature. She had once seen the ten-thousand-year-old creature’s true form by accident!

It was clear that the ten-thousand-year-old creature was also aware of Mu Ningxue’s presence. It frequently assigned the Ice Abyss Undead to gauge her strength. Most Ice Abyss Undead had been killed by her.

There was a time when Mu Ningxue accidentally fell into the trap set for her by the ten-thousand-year-old creature. If not for the Little White Tiger’s appearance at the nick of time, her life would have been in jeopardy.

Therefore, Mu Ningxue had formed a deep hatred for the ten-thousand-year-old creature in the Extreme South Eternal Night.

She was aware that the ten-thousand-year-old creature was extremely powerful. It and the Extreme South Emperor were like oil and water.

Mu Ningxue lived in the Extreme South Eternal Night for a very long time. She gradually understood the “ecosphere” in the Extreme South. The reason the Forbidden Curse Association wanted to take down the Extreme South Emperor was because it was the most powerful creature in that land. No other group could threaten its status in the Extreme South Kingdom.

However, the Extreme South Emperor was not entirely invincible.

There were several powerful emperor-level creatures in the Extreme South. They occupied the rich territory of the Extreme South glacier respectively. The ten-thousand-year-old creature gave its order to the Ice Abyss Undead. It was a creature that the Extreme South Emperor would not simply mess with.

If Mu Ningxue were to confront the ten-thousand-year-old creature head-on, she might not be able to match its strength. Hence, she had to be patient and wait for a perfect opportunity to take it down.

Swish!

Snow and sand stirred up. Suddenly, she could not see anything around her. There wasn’t even the slightest starlight in the middle of darkness. There was no Extreme Aurora. Aside from the snow sand and ice blades that filled the land that spanned over hundreds of kilometers, she saw many Ice Abyss Undead with their lower bodies in spirit form!

It was an army of the Ice Abyss Undead. They were different from the Undead on the land. When the Ice Abyss Undead moved, they moved like a black storm cloud. They flashed with red lightning that could shatter one into powder. Whenever they passed by, no one survived.

Mu Ningxue fastened her pace. She sensed that the army of the Ice Abyss Undead were approaching her.

A while ago, the Little White Tiger had been following her. But now it was nowhere to be seen. It had fled.