Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3046 The Ten-Thousand-Year-Old Demon

A shrill noise rose behind Mu Ningxue. She sped up her pace. She passed through the uneven glaciers like a white whirlwind.

The ice field creatures that lived on that land were so terrified that they fled, too. They were so strong and enormous that they could shatter tall mountains into pieces. However, in the Eternal Night at Extreme South Land, the ice field creatures were no different from the sheep. There were other more powerful creatures that scared them to death.

The black Ice Abyss Undead army swept over the land. Many ruler-level ice field creatures were killed in an instant. The ice field creatures’ rock-like muscles, magma-like boiling blood, and energy-rich organs were drained. The Ice Abyss Undead’s emerald-green eyes looked even more evil.

“Mu Ningxue!

!!

“Mu Ningxue!”

A bizarre call sounded. The voice was hellish. It did not sound normal. It was the voice of souls.

Mu Ningxue was fully aware that there would be no other human beings in a creepy place like that except the ten-thousand-year-old creature!

It had lived for ten thousand years. It knew how human beings communicate with one another. Hence, imitating their languages was very easy for it.

It finally appeared. It was a demon in the Eternal Night. It sucked in the limited life sources in the Extreme South Ice Field. It hid behind the Ice Abyss Undead army. It continued to enjoy its feast in the Eternal Night.

Unfortunately, Mu Ningxue was not a lamb to be slaughtered. She was definitely not the lowest level of creature in the Extreme South ecosphere. The ten-thousand-year-old creature had targeted her. It even showed its true form without hesitation all because it wanted to kill Mu Ningxue and grab her Extreme Dust!

“You pitiful bug, did god give you the courage to steal my things from my own territory?” The ten-thousand-year-old creature’s voice rang out from among the roars.

The shrill voices belonged to the Undead. When the shrill voices overlapped, it turned into human language. It gave Mu Ningxue a warning that was filled with rage!

The terrifying Ice Abyss Undead covered the land. Their densely packed black spirit forms occupied more than half of the land behind Mu Ningxue. The scariest part was a hideous face that appeared in the middle of the endless storm of the Undead.

The face was as magnificent as the sky. It hated all the living things in the world. When it opened its mouth, it breathed out an aura that belonged to an Undead. Its Undead Aura scraped across the ice field creatures’ habitat. The fleeing ice field creatures collapsed. All of their viable organs were immediately taken away.

Having several wandering Ice Abyss Undead in the Extreme South was equivalent to seeing the God of Death himself, let alone a vast army of Ice Abyss Undead ruled by a powerful creature.

…

Mu Ningxue did not just flee. When she arrived at a huge slab of ice slope, she slid down backward and raised her hand…

In the middle of the dark sky, an arrow with silver light fell. Mu Ningxue held the arrow with one of her hands. She hitched it to her long bow that was made from a powerful storm!

Mu Ningxue controlled the storm. It slowly spread and let the one silver arrow from the sky landed on the wind shaft.

Mu Ningxue laid her tall and graceful figure against the ice slope as she glided downward. When countless Ice Abyss Undead lunged at her, the silver arrow combined perfectly with the gale… Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Silver Arrow Shuttle!

The Silver Arrow Shuttle made it look as if the arrow cut through the chaotic world.

The Undead’s red flashes that filled the sky sank into silence. The deafening shrills stopped. Everything was quiet once more.

The black demonic clouds formed by the Ice Abyss Undead were scattered. The Ice Abyss Undead died tragically as the silver arrow cut across the sky.

The sky was “washed” clean, and the gale stopped.

The land was filled with snow. When the starlight shone on it, some of the mountains that were made up of ice crystals reflected a faint night rainbow.

The razor-sharp arrow led to a clear sky. However, in just a few seconds, the sky turned dim. A sharp peak rose from the ground in the middle of the darkness. The peak stood alone like a black and deadly sword. The sword was tall and always pointed its tip at Mu Ningxue regardless of her position.

The Death Hanging Sword stood in the middle of the ice slope slab. Despite the absence of the Ice Abyss Undead, it gave off a strong air of oppression and made it difficult to breathe.

Suddenly, a pair of eyes appeared on the peak of the Death Hanging Sword. It looked down at Mu Ningxue with its narrow and demonic pupils. Its eyes showed a slight disdain toward her and yet appeared divine. It was the type of cold disdain a powerful creature held for mortals.

Finally, it showed its true form. It was the ten-thousand-year-old creature.

The Death Hanging Sword Mountain peak was its body. It did not have limbs. It was a cold, soul-killing sword that could halve a human being in a single slash.

Mu Ningxue was surprised. She had not expected the Eternal Night Demon to look like that.

It was made up of black ice dust, like a piece of perfectly smelted black alloy. It remained motionless. Its back was of a black, demonic sword that could be pulled from the ground.

A silver arrow flashed and pierced the ten-thousand-year-old demonic creature. However, the tip of the arrow did not entirely go through it, it only stuck on the surface of its body. It was clear to see that the ten-thousand-year-old creature had an extremely tough and indestructible body.

Mu Ningxue just shot her Through Moon Magic Arrow. Its penetrating and killing power were extremely potent. It could pierce any Forbidden Mage without much defensive power in a single strike.

However, it was clear to see that the arrow did not cause any substantial damage to the ten-thousand-year-old demonic creature. Its level of strength was far above the ordinary emperor-level creatures. It was probably the strongest echelon in the world.

“You’re struggling and living on borrowed time. You’re destined to be nothing more than a puny creature in the Extreme South Land!” The ten-thousand-year-old creature’s voice rang again.

It began to move forward. Even the hardest glacier plate cracked. The land looked as if it had disappeared into thin air. Countless shattered pieces of the glacial land fell into a bottomless black abyss.

The black abyss was massive. It could accommodate a glacial land of hundreds of kilometers. The glacial land had mountains, snow dunes, bumpy faults, and lengthy ice cliffs. However, right after the ten-thousand-year-old demonic creature let out a shrill scream, all of them shattered into pieces and fell.

The glacial world collapsed rapidly. Mu Ningxue had no intention to confront it head-on. She was caught off guard upon facing such a powerful magic that spanned over hundreds of kilometers.

The crushed and fallen iceberg and rocks were the only things she could use as her leverage. She tried to keep herself from falling too fast. She also tried her best to flap her Wind Wings so that she could escape from the black abyss.