Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3048 Return From The Eternal Night

Sunlight fell on the snow dune. It had been a long time since Mu Ningxue had seen the sunlight. When the wisp of clean light shone on her, she inevitably looked up to the sky to feel its warmth.

She felt as if she had finally broken free of the heavy chains. She felt as though all the pressure and pain had melted away. The land and the sky were pure white.

Mu Ningxue was covered in silver fox fur. She stood at the end of the world. She enjoyed the light that fell on the darkness and the snow. She smiled. She was as beautiful as the elf queen who had awakened from the snow mountain.

It was the end of the world, but it was also the beginning of a new world. Behind her was the unfaded dark world. She marched forward. Every step she took would bring her further from the lone land and closer to the prosperous world.

Mu Ningxue walked out of the Eternal Night according to the direction of the sunlight. The Extreme Day gradually took over the glacial world.

But Mu Ningxue was the only person who managed to walk out of that world alive.

…

Ushuaia was the southernmost city in Argentina. It was over a thousand kilometers from the Extreme South Island.

The lakes were calm, and the mountains were covered in snow. It was a city like those found in fairy tales. Anyone could not help but be intoxicated by the unique place.

Many ships docked at the harbor. The sun had come out and winter would be over soon. For people living in the southernmost part of the country, winter was long and terrifying. In the past when the city was underdeveloped, many people could not survive the winter season.

During the winter, food, heating materials, clothing, and medicines were essential. While the rich could stay inside their warm home watching television and eating roast meat by the fireplace, the poor had to face the tragedy of their house collapsing due to heavy snowfall or having no way to warm their frozen food.

Therefore, they valued the spring season. Not only because spring meant the end of extreme cold but also because it signified life and hope.

Ushuaia held a food buffet in one of the city’s pedestrian streets to celebrate the spring season. The fragrance of meat and wine filled the air. Soon, many people were seen dancing to the radio music.

The stray cats and dogs finally appeared in the streets after living through the long and arduous winter. They dared not to grab the food on the grill. Instead, they waited patiently for the leftovers that would be piled up on the street corner.

However, a small, white figure was bold and brazen. It not only ate the tasty roasted meat, but also took the uncooked turkey away from the oven. It then hid on a balcony where no one would pay attention to it and ate the food ravenously. It ate until its body was covered in oil and grease.

Meanwhile, Mu Ningxue walked in the street in snow fox clothes. Her attire and the way she walked caught people’s attention.

However, they did not pester her. After all, many people liked to wear expensive leather or animal fur clothes. Her expensive snow fox clothing was a symbol of wealth!

Mu Ningxue traded some of her finest ice diamonds in exchange for local money. She found a hotel with a quiet environment. The Little White Tiger was no different from the stray dogs, so she did not care where it had gone to steal food. Soaking in a hot bath was what she desired the most at that moment.

She was obsessed with cleanliness. When she was in the glacier, she cleaned her hair and body in the fire spring hidden under the thick, ice rocks. Of course, staying in that kind of place had its own benefits. The weather was too cold. Hence, the microorganisms could not survive the weather. There were no lice in her hair, and her skin was not oily. The only thing that concerned Mu Ningxue the most was that her skin lacked vitality. Soaking inside a hot bath would correct it. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Cultivation and beauty would be something that Mu Ningxue would pursue for life. Mu Ningxue felt relaxed inside the fragrant and hot bath. She heard the children playing outside the hotel. Their cheerful laughter gradually soothed her.

Her nerves had been on edge in the Eternal Night in the Extreme South. The Extreme South offered only a single environment which was the harshest. There was only one type of relationship between the creatures. They either killed other creatures or waited to be killed by something stronger.

Some people danced on the street in the city. Others dined inside the restaurants. The children gathered and played together. Everything seemed surreal to her. She kept feeling that this was all a dream, and she would be back in the extreme cold and dark any time now. Then she would have to be on alert the whole time and fight to survive the day.

Fortunately, the stress she felt in the Eternal Night in the Extreme South gradually diminished as she saw others. She could adapt to the new environment within a couple of days.

She took more than half of the day to wash up and groom herself. After that, she fell into a deep sleep. As she slept inside the warm and comfortable bed, she realized she was so happy to have these things that she had taken for granted in the past. It was no wonder that the people who traveled appreciated the life they had even more.

…

Mu Ningxue slept until sunlight filtered through the curtain and fell on the plush carpet.

A group of children ran outside in the corridor. They could not wait to rush to the big hall to enjoy their breakfast.

When Mu Ningxue woke up, she noticed a dirty white tiger stained with liquor sleeping on the floor on the other side of her bed. It laid on its back with its fleshy limbs stretched out. It snored.

Mu Ningxue filled up a tub of water. She picked the Little White Tiger up and threw it into the warm water.

The Little White Tiger was startled awake. It looked at Mu Ningxue innocently. It did not know what it had done wrong to be punished in that way.

“You smell like trash.” Mu Ningxue took a bottle of shampoo and squeezed a little on her palms.

The Little White Tiger burped. Mu Ningxue did not want to stay around with the dirty tiger. She turned around and went downstairs.

The Little White Tiger scratched its head with its paws. It wondered why it was abandoned again.

It thought it would be accepted as a pet after it stole the treasure from that demon. Although it had succeeded, its contribution had done little to improve its relationship with Mu Ningxue.

It wondered when Mu Ningxue would hug it in her arms, just like other pets. It did not mind if she only stroked the fur on its chin or neck once in a while. However, Mu Ningxue had never stroked it with affection.

Most people would share a very close relationship when they relied on each other to survive. However, in Mu Ningxue’s eyes, the White Tiger was just a stray dog discovered by her boyfriend. She never fed, teased, or raised it.

This had affected the Little White Tiger’s self-esteem severely.

But it never gave up!