Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3049 Holy Shadow Organization

The restaurant was filled with the fragrance of wheat. It had been a long time since Mu Ningxue had tasted any sweet food.

After she finished her breakfast, she bought some necessities. She put them inside her Space Bracelet. She found it hilarious when she realized that she had been filling up her Space Bracelet with all the purchased products.

She appeared to be in exile even though she could have purchased those items in any city.

Mu Ningxue did not linger long in Ushuaia. She was worried about a few things, and Ushuaia was a closed country. She had little access to outside news in the country.

Argentina was a long way from China. Mu Ningxue did not intend to cross the Pacific Ocean because it would make her feel lost. Furthermore, there was nowhere to stay in the Pacific Ocean. She couldn’t possibly turn the sea into an ice island just to rest.

She was also unable to travel by international plane. She was, after all, still a wanted criminal by the Magic Association.

As a result, she had to fly alone.

Her Wind Wings did not consume as much energy as before. As a result, she should have no trouble crossing the Atlantic.

Her next destination was Portugal. A gust of wind blew up as she approached the border. Mu Ningxue was surrounded by green and white airflow. The outline was as graceful as the blue lake’s sails. That was her Wind Wings. She flew to the clouds with a gentle flap of her wings. She flapped her wings once more and flew away into the sky.

…

Tinoaia was a lovely seaside town in Portugal. It was an ideal stronghold from which to explore the Atlantic Ocean. The area was filled with magical elements and aura. On the streets, there were frescoes and ground patterns with the magical formation symbol.

Mu Ningxue had some thoughts about the city.

During the World College Tournament, this was their first stop in southwestern Europe. She was still haunted by the details of the Drowning Curse.

Fortunately, the Drowning Curse would never be repeated. Lingling had done something good for the world’s oceans.

Few people on the planet could cross the vast ocean using Wind Wings. During a war, the Wind Wings were used in critical situations. People rarely used it for long-distance flights. If they hadn’t reached a certain level of cultivation and their magical reserves were depleted, it was best for them to fly across the ocean in an airplane.

Mu Ningxue landed in Tinoaia. She planned to spend a night there to replenish her Wind Element Magic.

The night in Tinoaia was noisy. Many hunters came in and went. Among them were the mages who stayed up all night in the tavern after a full harvest. They did not care about day or night. They enjoyed the comfort and the beauty of the city to the fullest.

“You look tired from the journey. You must have stayed around some cold island for a very long time, haven’t you?” asked a bloated Portuguese landlady.

The landlady sized Mu Ningxue up. Many foreigners and Asians chose to stay at her place. Most of the female Asians were smaller in size and with flat faces. However, the landlady found Mu Ningxue to be different.

Mu Ningxue had exquisite features and the figure of an international supermodel. She was as stunning as any movie princess or queen.

“Yes.” Mu Ningxue ignored the landlady.

The landlady was overjoyed. She had a lot of questions. Even after Mu Ningxue shut her door, the landlady looked for reasons to knock on Mu Ningxue’s door. The landlady gave her fresh fruits and local wines in exchange for a few more glances at the lovely foreigner.

…

At Imperial City in China, inside a building that overlooked the prosperous nation, a handsome mixed-blood held a glass of red wine and swirled it.

When he noticed that the glass of red wine he desired did not appear in the form of a hanging cup, he became irritated and poured the red wine into the leftover dinner plate without taking a sip.

“Clark, it seems like you have a big problem with your efficiency lately. You often let the heretics escape from you. It looks like you’ve been living too comfortably in Asia. It’s time to go back to the Holy City and hone your skills for a while.” A woman’s stern rebuke was heard from the headset.

Clark was eating and was startled when he heard her voice. He had not anticipated his boss connecting to his communication tool.

His boss was the leader of the Holy Shadow whose strength was unfathomable. She was the nightmare of every member of the Holy Shadow.

The Holy Shadow had a special place in the Holy City. They did not look threatening on the surface, but the Holy City deemed them as terrifying heretics.

They never executed anything in the name of the Holy City. However, the moment they showed up and located their targets, they would not allow their targets to survive.

The Holy Shadows fought without a legitimate reason. But everything they did was according to the Holy City’s will. Therefore, the Holy City would not question them. All they needed was the outcome.

Many things in the world were uncertain. Even a desperado would show their kind side at moments. The Holy Shadow was in charge of handling “ambiguous” threats.

People inside the Holy City claimed that the Holy Shadow had killed far too many people. Nonetheless, they contributed to the world’s peace.

To some extent, the Holy Shadow represented the Holy City’s dark, cruel, and cold-blooded sides, who would do anything to achieve their objectives. Of course, they also had to bear their sins.

The moment the world exposed them for mistakenly killing a heretic, the Holy Shadows would be executed.

However, every Holy Shadow was ready to be executed. After all, the existence of the Holy Shadow was to “end violence with violence”!

The Holy Shadow was trained from the moment their magic was awakened. They had to undergo cruel and devilish training. After that, they had to go through a screening process before becoming a killing weapon!

At the time, the Holy Shadow Clark was speaking with Fahl, the devil training officer. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Fahl did not have any official position in the Holy City. However, she was the most cold-blooded Jin Angel in the Holy City. Even the seven Archangels did not simply mess with her. Although she did not have any actual position in the Holy City, she had significant control over the Holy Shadow Organization in the Holy City that was as powerful as the Archangels.

“Chief, I’ve located her. I’ll give you a satisfactory answer soon,” said Clark respectfully.

“I will give you one more week. If I don’t see the results that I want, you should know what will happen to you,” said Jin Angel, Fahl.

“I won’t let you down,” said Clark.