Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3052 Deadly Wind Weave

“The owner of this badge wants you to die in pain. I could have killed you with the Light Forbidden Curse and gone back to report on the completion of the task. However, I have added a step to your punishment because of this promise. I’ll cut off your hands and feet first,” said Holy Shadow Clark.

Mu Ningxue knew what was going on the moment she saw the badge.

Only two people hoped she would die miserably and sell such an important badge to the people of the Holy City. But it did not matter which of the two people it was.

The National Institute Badge could only sense a limited distance, so that person’s badge should have been modified. It had a better effect and could sense farther distances.

After leaving the harsh and cold magnetic field in the Extreme South, that person immediately knew she was still alive and found her using the National Institute Badge.

“Your National Institute Badge is a global locator. Do you regret carrying it with you because of that pathetic sentiment?” Holy Shadow Clark suddenly laughed.

To avoid sanctions, she hid in the Eternal Night at the Extreme South.

Not everyone had this kind of courage.

In the end, Mu Ningxue fell into their hands because of this small National Institute Badge.

“It’s your turn. Tell me the secret of your survival. Oh, let me explain in advance. Even if you tell me honestly, I’ll still cut off your hands and feet. I’m a man of my word,” said Holy Shadow Clark.

Mu Ningxue did not answer. There was no need for her to say a word to him.

Holy Shadow Clark also did not care.

He was going to torture her anyway. Even if she did not say it, she would be willing to tell him everything later when she has no hands and feet to wriggle on the ground.

The Light Wheel Magic Blade that could cut the sky slashed down, and the number of blades was dozens of times higher than before. Each slash left a crack of nearly ten miles in this devastated area.

Mu Ningxue was at a height close to the ground. She shuttled through the Forbidden Heaven Light Blades with almost no gaps. The blades could only fly in the sky and cut the forest underneath her into pieces.

They could not touch a single strand of Mu Ningxue’s hair. It was as if she was an agile white butterfly that avoided danger perfectly, even when it was at the level of the Forbidden Curse.

Holy Shadow Clark stared at Mu Ningxue. The Heaven Light Blades he controlled kept attacking the area where Mu Ningxue was. There was no gap for her to dodge this kind of attack unless she resisted it with more powerful defensive magic.

But Mu Ningxue could find a flaw under such deadly Light Blades. In every situation, she would stay in the safest position and be able to dodge the danger faster and calmer before the next danger approached.

Holy Shadow Clark frowned in the air.

‘The Forbidden Curse can’t hurt Mu Ningxue?’

Holy Shadow Clark clearly remembered that when Mu Ningxue killed Mu Rong in the Extreme South, she was only a half-Forbidden Mage. If it were not for her domineering Ice Crystal Bow, Holy Shadow Clark would not let Mu Ningxue escape.

Due to the existence of the powerful magic bow, Holy Shadow Clark summoned his colleague Simmons to ensure he could successfully capture Mu Ningxue.

However, Mu Ningxue did not take out that powerful magic bow. She could avoid the destructive energies of the Forbidden Curse with her weird movements.

Many old Forbidden Mages could not do it, but why could she?

“How are you going to dodge this? Go to hell!” Holy Shadow Clark was angry.

His eyes changed. His pupils disappeared, and his sclerae glowed.

He stared at Mu Ningxue and activated his God’s gift.

Action Precognition!

He could know how the enemy was about to act and was always one step ahead of that person.

Mu Ningxue’s movement was visible in Holy Shadow Clark’s vision. Time seemed to have been divided into two layers after Holy Shadow Clark activated his God’s gift. The first layer consisted of Mu Ningxue’s movements for the next one to three seconds, and the second layer consisted of Mu Ningxue at this moment, whose body was twisting quickly between the Forbidden Light Blades.

Clark knew every next move of Mu Ningxue. He manipulated those Heaven Light Blades to attack all the routes that Mu Ningxue would move when she evaded in the next few seconds.

This was the power of God’s gift of Action Precognition. Holy Shadow Clark could make enemies feel like they had bumped into magical energy. It was a battle manipulation that transcended time! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

How could Mu Ningxue escape his God’s gift?

Despite her agility, she was unable to escape the time axis. However, Holy Shadow Clark could see what happened beyond time!

It was no exaggeration to say that he was a god when having this God’s gift of Action Precognition!

…

Mu Ningxue immediately noticed the changes in Holy Shadow Clark. He could think much faster than her. He saw through her almost erratic movements, and it seemed that he knew all her actions in advance.

“Deadly Wind Weave!”

Suddenly, Mu Ningxue stopped moving and stood almost perpendicular to Holy Shadow Clark.

On the trajectory she moved before, a wind line appeared faintly. As Mu Ningxue moved, the intricate wind line tightened up bit by bit and suddenly became a deadly cloak, which shrouded Holy Shadow Clark!

The wind line was like silk, and Mu Ningxue was the weaver. Every step she took before had been perfectly calculated. After the last move, the deadly cloak was formed with countless wind lines. It appeared in front of Holy Shadow Clark without warning!

Holy Shadow Clark turned pale with fright. He could see Mu Ningxue’s trajectory in the next few seconds, but he would never have thought that Mu Ningxue’s trajectory was weaving a death trap!

It was not easy to avoid the deadly wind lines. Holy Shadow Clark had paid all attention to knowing Mu Ningxue’s actions.

The deadly cloak got closer, and Holy Shadow Clark felt threatened. His face turned pale, and he could not help but look at the Holy Shadow on the highway bridge!

“Simmons, help me!” Holy Shadow Clark shouted.

All this happened so suddenly that Holy Shadow Clark could not even think of how to resist. Mu Ningxue pretended to be weak and adopted a defensive and dodging posture. Holy Shadow Clark was still surprised and annoyed that she could avoid the Forbidden Curse but never thought Mu Ningxue was already weaving the wind lines to suffocate him in the deadly cloak!

Simmons was also shocked on the highway bridge.

The power of the Deadly Wind Weave was not inferior to the Forbidden Curse. When surrounded by the Light Forbidden Curse, how could a heretic who was identified as a half-Forbidden Mage counterattack? Simmons hurriedly manipulated the lake.