Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3057 Will Not Reach The Top Of The World

After Mo Fan finished eating, drinking, and chatting, he sat down like a statue in the courtyard filled with weeds.

When he moved in, there were no weeds at the place. But Mo Fan thought that the environment was cleaned up too neatly, which made it lifeless. Thus, he stopped the gardener from the Holy Palace from cutting them.

With the grass and insects around, he did not feel lonely.

Being imprisoned was not actually unbearable. Mo Fan was bent on pursuing supreme magic, so it was a common sight to see him frequently cultivating in isolated training for a long time. He just found the feeling of not being allowed to go out to get a breath of fresh air uncomfortable. Once that discomfort rose in him, his desire to leave the place would only grow stronger.

Mo Fan knew that day would come sooner or later. The Holy City could not possibly let him stay in the city so comfortably. When the right time came, they would decisively lay their hands on him.

Sharjah’s proposal was wise. If not for the fact that he had surrendered himself and sought self-incrimination with the divine oath that had increased public pressure on the Holy City, the Holy City would have attacked him long ago. They did not care about human rights. They also would not drag the case for so long that led to negative public opinion rising. Instead, they would have confiscated everything from him, then thrown him into hell where he would never be able to make a comeback.

Despite this, the Holy City still had its own way to kill him.

The Holy City slowly used some methods to guide public opinion in any direction they wanted. With that, the public backlash would not be too great even after the Holy City did something in an overly dictatorial manner. After a few years’ time, people would totally forget about Mo Fan.

The final judgment would not take long. Zu Xiangtian was right. The fact that he delivered Mo Fan the meal was because the Holy City was finally going to lay its hands on Mo Fan!

Mo Fan’s optimism was nothing more than finding happiness in the middle of sorrow.

At that moment, Mo Fan tried to look for an exit in the middle of a dark and murky path. However, it was too difficult to find the way out. Moreover, he was bound by heavy chains.

His enemy was the Holy City.

Challenging the Holy City’s authority was absolutely forbidden. The chosen people had previously been trampled under the Holy City’s feet. Meanwhile, Mo Fan, who had never stopped pursuing supreme magic, would join them soon.

‘No matter what, I have to break the shackles of the divine oath as soon as possible. If I can’t use magic, I will be at the mercy of others. By then, I won’t be able to fight back even if I want to.’ Mo Fan sucked in a deep breath.

The divine oath was a double-edged sword.

On one hand, the divine oath protected Mo Fan from being harmed by the Holy City dictators when he surrendered himself. On the other hand, it restrained Mo Fan’s ability to fight back to a great extent.

Without his power, he could only sit back and wait for death.

That was not how Mo Fan did things.

He did everything he could to break free of the layer of chains. Once he broke the layer of chains, his strength would greatly surpass the state he was in when he fought against Sharjah.

By then, he would be the true demon!

There would be no more hidden power within himself. He would not bring severe negative energy to himself. He also did not need the Sublimed Evil Bead to replenish his energy. He would be the demon itself. His Demon Element would reach the ultimate level with the possession of the Eight Souls and the absorption of evil energy.

Besides, when Mo Fan first used the Demon Element, he only possessed eight elements.

Today, Mo Fan possessed ten elements. Although the other two elements had not been awakened, his spiritual realm was completely different from the past. His spiritual realm had reached another level.

The advanced level of his spiritual realm allowed Mo Fan to travel to the Summoning Plane.

Mo Fan’s ability was restrained by the divine oath. As a result, he found cultivating laborious. Therefore, he decided to try to use his Summoning Element Magic…

The Summoning Element Magic was a special process. Take Dimensional Summoning as an example, the mage’s soul would temporarily travel to the Summoning Plane. When the mage’s soul saw the mountains, lands, and the Summoning Beasts in the Summoning Plane from the rapidly passing images, the mage’s soul would immediately pick a Summoning Beast that he or she needed.

During his cultivation, he noticed a loophole in the divine oath. As long as he did not select a particular Summoning Beast, it would not be counted as magic.

Therefore, Mo Fan would not be restricted by the divine oath if he entered the Summoning Plane through his mind. By entering the Summoning Plane through his mind of the soul, he could slowly digest the massive evil souls within his body, as well as use the characteristics of the Eight Souls to shape his demonic character.

Of course, if Mo Fan entered the Summoning Plane in a spirit form, there would be some imperfections.

His soul would not be particularly powerful. If the powerful creatures saw through his soul, his life would be threatened!

Hence, Mo Fan had to be very careful when he entered the Summoning Plane. Fortunately, there were humans inside his Summoning Plane.

During the days when Mo Fan was imprisoned in the Holy City, he frequently led his wolf gang to rob resources everywhere.

Mo Fan did not hesitate to rob for any materials that could shape and strengthen his soul. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Although he had conquered all the Eight Souls, the Eight Souls were like babies waiting to be fed. The souls had to be fed with nutritious food so that they could grow strong. It was only then that Mo Fan’s Demon Element would become extremely powerful!

The Summoning Plane was extremely vast. Mo Fan suspected it was ten times larger than an area of wilderness. If the Summoning Plane was a desert, the barren black earth where the Old Wolf could be found was probably just a grain of sand. Even the areas of the Thousand Tribe Elf Tower, Wan Dragon Valley, and the Kingdom of the Fallen Beasts were as large as the European countries.

The Summoning Element Mages had been seeing a small part of the Summoning Plane. They did not have the chance to see the real Summoning Plane.

And Mo Fan was one of them. His spiritual realm had gone beyond human limits. Thus, he could stay around in the Summoning Plane in a spirit form. Even so, he still could not see how big the Summoning Plane actually was…

Therefore, Mo Fan came to a conclusion.

The Summoning Plane and the Dark Plane were far larger than the human world’s Magic Frontier Sacred Land. The human world was just one of the lone islands in the middle of the many planes.

The Dark Plane was Mo Fan’s past. That was the true Magic Frontier. The class level was obvious. The frail lives were slaves to the powerful dark tribe’s territory. Meanwhile, the powerful tribes were the emperor’s pawns. The emperor could be the god and demon’s pawns…

The Summoning Plane and the Dark Plane were more primitive.

There was no absolute centralized rule. There was no established food chain ecology. The owner of a fertile territory could change several times a day. All the powerful creatures were in a wandering state and followed the law of the jungle.

There were too many species in the Summoning Plane. No matter how powerful the creatures were, they would be consumed someday. Regardless of how massive, infinite, savage, and primitive they were, they never knew which layer of the food chain they were at. They would never reach the top of the world.