Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3070 Holy Book

Michael looked at Mo Fan.

Mo Fan had a layer of golden curse-sealed armor on his body. It was the power of the divine oath. When Michael was furious just now, the divine oath followed the rules of the oath and protected Mo Fan from the damage of the angel power.

Michael noticed that there was a young girl in Mo Fan’s arms. She was obviously important to him.

“It turns out that we were all deceived.” Michael looked at Mo Fan and walked toward him slowly.

Mo Fan brushed off the dust on Lingling’s body and signaled her to leave Holy City quickly.

They were in a bad situation. If the top ten magic organizations wanted to oppose Holy City, the archangels of Holy City would definitely suppress them by force. Holy City and Michael no longer had to abide by those laws and conventions!

Mo Fan could not let Lingling, who had been trying to defend him, get involved. He had to let Lingling and the people who came to the court because of him leave.

“Are you going to be a demon because the whole world is dissatisfied with Holy City? Are you finally going to tear off the mask of hypocrisy?” Mo Fan stared at Michael.

Michael was like a god. His aura was too strong. Even though he had the protection of the divine oath, Mo Fan could feel a mountain-like oppressive force!

At this point, Michael could do anything.

“I won’t leave. There’s no point in leaving. It’s too late.” Lingling shook her head.

The top ten organizations used Mo Fan as a trigger to start a bombing, and Lingling would never want Mo Fan to die this way.

After working so hard for so long, how could she accept such a result?

“As the first warrior who rebelled against Holy City, what are your last words?” Michael slowly showed a cold smile.

He raised his hand to grab Mo Fan.

Lingling suddenly flew away and crashed into the broken stone pillars of the Holy Judgment Court.

On the other hand, Mo Fan was pulled to the front of Michael like a marionette.

Michael retracted his hand, but Mo Fan was still frozen there, as if a hook had passed through Mo Fan’s shoulder and neck, making him unable to move.

“Lingling.” Mo Fan looked at the ruins.

Her arms and forehead were bleeding. Wooden nails stuck to her delicate skin when she crawled out.

Lingling stood up staggeringly. The impact was strong. When she just stood still, she suddenly fell backward.

Mo Fan was worried about her. His eyes were even bloodshot!

This was all because of Michael!

“Don’t think that the divine oath is invincible. I have the patience to extract the words you have said before from your soul. Although this process will be painful, I think you won’t mind it.” The wings on Michael’s back flapped lightly.

It seemed like something angels would do when they were happy. The dense yet orderly feathers were slowly stretched out, like a butterfly drinking nectar.

All the stones were white.

The only good thing was that Michael no longer had to care about the world.

As the angel in charge of the human world, there was no secular view of the code of conduct. Why did people who were considered heretics by the angels still need to go through such a long trial? Would angels make mistakes?

Angels did not need to ask for anything from this world, and the world could not give angels what they wanted at all. The only mistake they would make was being too kind to the world!

Kindness would fuel everyone’s ambition.

It was just like what Ramiel said.

They should not spoil children or be too soft-hearted and kind to them. Otherwise, they would want everything, including the hard work of their parents. Even if their parents gave them everything, they still feel it was not enough!

They lacked discipline and were spoiled.

Only blood, destruction, and fear could make them realize their mistakes!

“White represents not guilty.

“But if I say you’re guilty, then you’re guilty.

“Mo Fan, your life and the blood flowing on the golden tiles of Holy City are my replies to declare war on this world!”

The expression on Michael’s face became cold and terrifying. His hand slashed at Mo Fan’s chest like a sharp knife.

Michael did not touch Mo Fan’s body, but Mo Fan felt a burning pain. If he did not have the protection of the divine oath, Michael would have torn him apart.

Michael’s other hand was taking Mo Fan’s soul energy, which contained the divine oath. Once Michael took the entire oath out, Mo Fan’s body would no longer have any protection.

Although the divine oath would no longer limit Mo Fan’s power, Mo Fan’s soul energy had been greatly damaged. Even if he regained his ability, he was weak and could not compete with the mighty Michael!

The skin on Mo Fan’s chest had obvious scars, as if scratched by a hot knife. These scalding scars on his chest soon became a hexagram.

The hexagram mark on his chest became hot, as if there was a hole in his chest. This hole led to Mo Fan’s soul, and the soul energy flowed out at an even more terrifying speed.

Swoosh!

A violent gust of wind suddenly hit from above the Holy Judgment Court.

The Holy Judgment Court building was crown-shaped, and the curved dome was made of colored stone.

The curved dome made of colored stone disappeared. When people looked up from the Holy Judgment Court, they could see a golden book floating in mid-air!

A person stood on the golden book. The giant golden book that could cover the Holy Judgment Court suddenly opened and turned to a page depicting a golden holy waterfall!

Boom! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Suddenly, scorching light shot out from the book, like a golden waterfall hanging down from the sky. The powerful holy power hit Michael’s body, and the ripples of holy light that spread out even destroyed the sturdy Holy Judgment Court!

As soon as Michael raised his head, he saw the golden book attack. He did not have time to dodge it and could only wrap himself with layers of wings.

Platinum feathers covered Michael, making him look like a platinum rose guarded by holy wings. He stood still in the baptism of the golden waterfall of light.

The destructive power of the golden book was astonishing. Even Ramiel and other old divine magistrates had been affected. However, it was obvious that the light waterfall of the golden book was not aimed at everyone. Those who were injured by Michael were not affected at all.

The golden book closed only after the Holy Judgment Court was razed to the ground.

The moment the golden book closed, the golden book seemed to travel through space and suddenly disappeared.