Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3075 He Lives, You Live

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Rain wet the floor tiles, making it cleaner and smoother. Mu Ningxue covered her snow-white, exquisite feet with heels. When she stepped on the floor tiles, a crisp sound was heard.

She walked into Holy City along the empty First Avenue without obstacles.

The Reflective Holy City was above her. The people inside Holy City saw everything that had happened on the earth of the city, including watching the woman walking on the street without any obstacles.

!!

Those dozens of Holy Judges were flimsy.

To their amazement, no more than a few seconds after Mu Ningxue walked into the city, the dozens of Holy Judges behind her disintegrated and turned into a pile of frozen flesh. Their bodies were scattered around the city gate.

“S-She killed the Holy Judges!

“How dare she kill the Holy Judges?!”

For a moment, everyone inside Holy City cried out in shock.

Even the ten greatest organizations who had declared war on Holy City dared not kill the people inside Holy City so brazenly.

But Mu Ningxue had no mercy. Her level of strength was of another level. Hence, she did not show them any mercy.

“It’s her! How dare she barge into Holy City…?!” Holy Shadow Simmons recognized the terrifying, mysterious beauty at a single glance. Her behavior was incomprehensible!

She was inside Holy City.

What had she done there?!

Killing the Holy Shadow and making her way into Holy City murderously were two different concepts.

Why would anyone in the world do something as crazy as that?!

One judicator and dozens of Holy Judges died within the blink of an eye. Mu Ningxue did not even bother to have a word with Holy City.

“Who is she?!” Ramiel witnessed everything. His eyes were filled with fury.

“She’s Mu Ningxue. She was exiled to the Extreme South after killing Forbidden Mage Mu Rong,” said Simmons.

“Holy Shadow! Holy Shadow! Take her down! No one has ever dared do this in Holy City. She should be cast into the dark hell with Mo Fan!” Ramiel shouted.

After declaring war on the ten greatest organizations, Holy City planned to dampen their spirits by giving them a blow. Little did they know that Mu Ningxue laid her hands on Holy City first.

“She’s Mu Ningxue. I just found out about Clark’s death. I originally thought we would have to put in some effort in locating and executing her. We didn’t expect her to turn herself in,” said a woman with tanned skin and in a colorful robe.

“Fahl, this is something that the Holy Shadow has failed to handle well. I don’t want Mu Ningxue to start a bad, bloody omen in Holy City!” said Ramiel to the tanned woman.

“Holy Shadows, Able Angels, go down with me!” said Fahl, the tanned female Holy Shadow.

The Chief Holy Shadow made a leap. Her colorful robe danced in the sky like a peacock descended on the earth of Holy City.

The First Avenue was originally empty. Mu Ningxue was the only person walking on the street. Soon, more people appeared on the street. Aside from Chief Holy Shadow Fahl in a peacock-like colorful robe, the rest were clad in dark-golden clothes that belonged to the Holy Judges. They represented Holy City’s most cruel enforcement.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Suddenly, dark-golden figures rained down on the First Avenue. For a moment, the green floor tiles on the street and the eaves on the buildings on both sides were filled with countless Holy Judges in dark-golden clothes.

They were the Holy Shadow Apostles!

They were the substitutes for Able Angels. Even though they were not the true Holy Shadows yet, their overall strength was far superior to the Holy Judges.

A moment ago, the street was empty. The next moment, a massive army descended. No matter what, Holy City had ample experts. The public viewed them as super-level mages who had a place in the city. However, they were just a small part of the armed forces. Upon receiving the archangel’s order, many experts showed up. Their aura was so imposing as if the mountain peaks were falling down…

Mu Ningxue went from battling alone to being surrounded by countless Holy Shadow Apostles. She felt as if she had fallen into a trap made especially for her.

The truth was, Holy City did not set up the trap for her. They set up the trap for the ten greatest organizations. However, Mu Ningxue was the first who came in without representing any forces.

She was her own representative.

She was Mu Ningxue.

She managed to survive the Eternal Night in the Extreme South.

She seemed to have come to Holy City to seek an explanation!

Of course, Mu Ningxue could come to seek an explanation. As a mage who followed the magic convention, she had been recruited to the Extreme South before being fooled, persecuted, and exiled by the rulers…

But all this no longer mattered to her. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At that moment, she only had her eyes on one person. The person was none other than Mo Fan, who was trapped by the black astral burn mark and hung in the air.

He suffered in pain.

So, she came for him.

She came to bail out her lover.

And those who stopped her would die!

Mu Ningxue stretched out her hand to the sky. The rain outside the city turned into snow. The crystal-like snowflakes made Holy City look truly holy…

Mu Ningxue gently sucked in a deep breath. She summoned ice and snow. The spirits of heaven, earth, ice, and snow condensed into an immensely powerful bow and appeared in her hand. The magic bow was different from the Ice Crystal Bow that the Mu family had granted to her. The bow glowed in sacred Extreme Dust. Her ice magic longbow was filled with shattered pieces that did not belong to the world.

The moment the bow appeared, all the elements in heaven and earth receded. The place became a lonely, ice universe filled with ice only. It was a chilly Ice Dimension!

Bam!

After she made a long chant, an arrow broke the ancient Holy City and the magnificent First Avenue.

The arrow made everything wither, even the remains of the stones were not found.

Everything was turned into dust. The mass airflow moved backward and filled Holy City with flying snow!

Not many Holy Shadow Apostles survived her arrow attack on the First Avenue. Mu Ningxue did not show them the slightest mercy. She looked like the Daughter of War from a myth in the ice age. She killed without hesitation.

“Let go of him!”

The sight of Mu Ningxue wiping out the Holy Shadow Apostles was terrifying. Hundreds of the Holy Shadow Apostles were killed and wounded. They fell down on the plowed First Avenue and wailed in pain. They could not even identify the owners of the severed limbs on the ground.

“Neither you nor he will leave here alive.” Chief Holy Shadow Fahl stared at Mu Ningxue above the Holy Palace.

Despite feeling equally shocked and angry, Fahl appeared extremely calm.

She wondered why Mu Ningxue was so powerful to such an extent that even the Holy Shadow Apostles were like mosquitoes to her.

“Then, all of you will die!”

Mu Ningxue raised the other hand high up. She spread her snow-white fingers.

Suddenly, she tightened her grip, as if giving some kind of order.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The flying snow that swarmed Holy City had turned into snow swords. The snow swords ruthlessly pierced the Holy Shadow Apostles who had fallen down…

Some people were immediately reduced to ashes right after they were struck by Mu Ningxue’s first arrow. Some people were severely wounded and could not get up from the ground. As the snow swords landed accurately on the Holy Shadow Apostles, blood roses bloomed on their bodies. More than three hundred Holy Shadow Apostles were killed in the First Avenue!

Not even one of them was spared!

Blood converged into a red stream as Mu Ningxue continued to march forward on the street. Many corpses were scattered on both sides of the street, but Mu Ningxue remained spotless.

“Do you know what you are doing?! Are you aware of what you’ve done?!” Chief Holy Shadow Fahl shouted angrily.

“If Mo Fan lives, you live. If Mo Fan dies, Holy City, too, will disappear from this world!” said Mu Ningxue.

Regardless of everything—the fights, revolutionary battles, Holy City, the ten greatest organizations, and the black and white stones, all she had in her eyes was Mo Fan.

She only cared about Mo Fan.