3081 Fourteen-winged Blazing Angel

Black Magic was not the cause that led to the war. It was the people standing on top of the pyramid and posing a dangerous threat to the world that led to the war. Regardless, it was still an issue.

Holy City forbade the existence of any unknown powerful force!

Holy City was unable to control the people with great influence and refused to accept them!

“Ramiel, is your faith shaken?” questioned Michael.

“My faith has never been shaken. Holy City needs an absolute dictator. The world needs the Holy Judges and Heresy Judgment Mages. Otherwise, harmful organizations such as the Black Vatican will spread all over the world, and the people will face extinction. Indeed, I admit that we’ve hindered humans from progressing in their magical civilization, but we hold fast to the belief that humans’ magical civilization will not perish. The excessive development of magical civilization without proper orders will only shorten the lifespan of civilization!” said Ramiel seriously.

Contradictions would always exist.

Just like when Black Magic was blended into society in the beginning. The battle of the century lasted for many years before reaching a perfect balance.

Likewise, similar contradictions happened again. The result of the fight would eventually reach some kind of balance. As for how the outcome would turn out to be, even Archangel Ramiel could not predict it. He would only be committed to his responsibilities as the archangel of Holy City.

He slowly spread his blazing wings.

Archangel Ramiel did not land on Holy City on earth. He manifested his appearance that belonged to an archangel. There were twelve blazing wings on his back. There was no temperature to his blazing wings. Still, Archangel Ramiel gave an air of divinity and inviolable majesty. They could not look into his eyes, nor did they have the courage to approach him.

“Holy Granted Blazing Angel!” Ramiel’s eyes turned void. The next moment, clusters of flames surged up from within his body. An angelic birth soul was seen in the middle of the flaming shadow and peeling out of his body.

“Twelve-winged Blazing Angel!”

Everyone in the city had their eyes opened upon seeing Ramiel’s air of divine flames. The residents of Holy City and the clergymen were aware of the level of classification of the angels.

The Able Angels who became the Holy Shadows possessed the angelic birth soul, which was the most basic two-winged angel among the angels.

Meanwhile, the more powerful Holy Shadows and Holy Judges had four to eight wings each. The additional pair of angelic wings showed their realm.

Before the Parade Angel ascended the throne in Holy City, their level of strength was somewhere between the strength of the angels with four or eight wings. It was only after they returned to Holy City and continued their cultivation that they had the opportunity to break through the limit of the strength of eight wings, then they advanced to possessing ten wings, twelve wings, fourteen wings, or even possessing the legendary holy angel level—sixteen wings.

The angels with four wings and below were known as the Able Angels.

The angels with four wings or eight wings were known as the Virtuous Angels.

The angels with ten wings were known as the Penal Angels.

The angels with twelve wings were known as the Blazing Angels.

Ramiel had been handling all Holy City affairs. Thus, he seldom revealed his true strength. After all, his position and his level of angelic soul were two different concepts. Some of the archangels who returned to Holy City in glory had a lower level of strength than the Virtuous Angels.

The people in Holy City did not expect Ramiel to have reached the level of Twelve-wings Blazing Angel. Even Michael was caught by surprise. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The Blazing Angel was the highest realm among the angels. Regardless of whether the angels had fourteen wings or sixteen wings, all of them were known as the Blazing Angels.

Michael could not help but smile upon seeing Ramiel finally show up for the battle.

With Ramiel around, it looked like Michael did not have to personally fight the battle.

“Fahl, I will attach my birth soul to you. Some of my colleagues will follow your orders. Go and settle the remaining hidden danger in the city. Don’t let me down!” Ramiel stood in the middle of the Reflective Holy City.

He did not dive down to the earth. But his Blazing Angel holy birth soul detached from him and flew toward Penal Angel Fahl!

Fahl confronted Mu Ningxue. Mu Ningxue summoned the avalanche to destroy Holy City. She also formed a terrifying Extreme Ice Forbidden Area to suppress Fahl’s Light Rope power.

Following the landing of Ramiel’s Blazing Angel holy birth soul, there was an addition of four wings on Penal Angel Fahl’s peacock-like wings!

The ten-winged birth soul and twelve-winged birth soul fused together. Even though Blazing Angel Ramiel did not personally fight the war, he brought up a fourteen-winged Blazing Angel in Holy City on earth.

It was a twin birth soul!

She had fourteen wings!

She became the supreme Blazing Angel!

Fahl looked up to the sky in excitement. She looked at Archangel Ramiel, who was shone in blazing holy light.

She knew she had not reached the realm of a Blazing Angel. Despite the fact that she temporarily drew support from Archangel Ramiel’s birth soul to achieve that level, she could not quite contain her own excitement.

More blazing patterns appeared on Fahl’s Light Rope. The dense blazing patterns released heat. When she wielded the rope, she sensed the energy stored in it that was ready to erupt like a volcano. Even a slight swing could unleash firepower that shook heaven and earth.

There was an obvious change to the wings on her back. There was a blazing velvet in every tiny feather, making the wings look as if they were ablaze in flames. The glows were completely different from the previous air of divinity. Fahl was no longer just a stunning peahen. Instead, she became a divine phoenix with a true divine personality!

“Alps Mountain will stop obeying you. Stop having the wishful thinking of destroying the city!” The fourteen-winged Blazing Angel floated in the air. Holy City under her was covered in snow.

Mu Ningxue wanted to destroy more than half of the city. The avalanche from Alps Mountain was massive. It could engulf more than ten Holy Cities. Therefore, an even more terrifying avalanche that spanned up to dozens of kilometers was following behind. It came from mountains that were higher than Alps Mountain, and it raged like a tumbling ocean.

Fahl stood somewhere near the snow and the ancient Holy Palace. The Holy Palace was a significant symbol of Holy City. Fahl would certainly stop Mu Ningxue from burying it in the absence of Michael and Ramiel!

Her fourteen wings moved up and down. Layer upon layer of golden holy flames spread. Fahl waved her Light Rope that had undergone the transformation. The holy flames on the Light Rope coiled up to form an enormous vortex. The vortex was filled with golden holy flames with immense holy power that had been upgraded by multiple folds. When the even more terrifying avalanche poured into the other half of Holy City, the snow melted in the enormous Light Vortex.

The Light Rope was only a few miles long. But when it was extended, its light ripples spread all the way to the Seventh Avenue. It was so huge like a gigantic, golden wall rose from the ground across the north and south of the city!

Snow fell under the steps of the Holy Palace and could not invade even half of Seventh Avenue. For a moment, the eternal glorious Holy City and the boundless pure white snowstorm seemed to have formed a clear boundary.