3082 Shattering The Wall of Space With An Empty Bowstring

Snow splattered in huge waves around the vortex formed from the Light Rope. The sludge splashed up into the sky and fell on the Reflective Holy City. The water splashed onto the people of the city.

The impact of the airflow blended with snow water struck the Reflective Holy City. The city shook violently. The aura gushed up from the earth was too strong. Even though there were many archangels in the Reflective Holy City, the people felt restless and fearful!

The fourteen-winged Blazing Angel Fahl refused to let even a snowflake fly into the magnificent and noble Holy Palace. Her blazing wings grew increasingly intense. The intense golden light was so bright that it almost shaped a godly statue in light form. It was as towering as a mountain peak and could look down to see the world.

Bam!

!!

The Blazing Light Divine Statue stood before Mu Ningxue. Its golden flames swept everywhere all of a sudden. The majestic divine statue seemed to have turned into a vast snow slope that had been split by a sword. The sword flames shot out like a red, enormous dragon, and it was extremely powerful.

Mu Ningxue was under the sword flames. She formed a crystal shield using countless pieces of ice and snow.

Outside her snow barrier, the sword flames unleashed from the Blazing Light Divine Statue engulfed half of Holy City. The snow melted into water, then the water evaporated. For a moment, the white fog condensed into thick clouds and rose into the sky. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The fourteen-winged Blazing Angel Fahl was fully aware that Mu Ningxue’s level of strength would increase by leaps and bounds in places with ice and snow. Therefore, Fahl had to stop Mu Ningxue from pouring the ice and snow into Holy City. Fahl had no intention of slowing down her flames. She did not mind even if some of the ancient buildings in the city were destroyed. For a moment, the golden flames spread all over the snow-covered city…

Cracks appeared on the ice and snow barrier. Mu Ningxue clearly sensed that the fourteen-winged Blazing Angel Fahl’s power had increased by multiple folds compared to her previous self after the transformation. Given the situation, Mu Ningxue needed to stop Fahl from suppressing her realm of ice and snow.

Mu Ningxue took out her Extreme Dust Magic Bow and took a step back.

The moment her ice and snow barrier cracked, raging golden flames swept over her. The aura of the sword flames from the Blazing Light Divine Statue gushed at her.

Mu Ningxue’s gaze turned razor-sharp. The next moment, an aura that could calm all restlessness spread. Like a faint pulse rate, it could extinguish the magnificent aura of sword flames and the golden, blazing flames.

The aura that brought calmness spread further away.

The first time it happened, space shook. And it extinguished the golden angelic flames surrounding Mu Ningxue.

When it shook again, the golden flames all over the city quickly diminished.

When the power surged for the third time, countless cracks appeared on the earth. Each crack was as deep as a valley.

When it happened the fourth time, everything turned still.

Everything became still, including time. Mu Ningxue was the only one pulling the string of her magic bow.

The fourth wave of shaking force came from her bowstring. She did not pull the bowstring strong enough the first few times. When she pulled the bowstring to the extreme, it seemed to have broken through the wall of time.

Buzz!

Finally, she let go of her bowstring. The only thing was that she did not have an arrow with her. She pulled an empty string, but the process of the rebound of the string happened in space. The originally brightly lit Holy City and its surrounding plains turned void all of a sudden.

The empty string swept away the air, rainwater, and light. The surrounding fell as dark as an abyss. At the moment, Holy City stood alone in the middle of the void.

The Holy Palace’s staircase was made up of expensive green stones. They stayed in the middle of the void before they were reduced to green dust and blown away.

The noble Holy Palace was so robust that it could resist the attack from a Forbidden Mage. However, it turned into a pile of confetti and was blown away in the sky. Everything seemed so fragile in the void space.

The string force had not only taken away the air, rainwater, and light, but it had also taken away the Holy Palace, making it look like a disintegrating dune…

The fourteen-winged Blazing Angel Fahl stood before the Holy Palace. She found the sight before her to be incredulous. It was hard to believe Mu Ningxue’s magic bow was so powerful. Even the normal space plane could not hold back its power.

Fahl was aware that the void in her surroundings belonged to the Chaos Element. The space was like a layer of self-healing skin. It accommodated everything including light, elements, living beings, and plants. However, Mu Ningxue’s Extreme Dust Magic Bow was so powerful that its power surpassed space. It seemed to have peeled away that layer of “spatial” skin and revealed its “chaotic” element. In the world of Chaos, the element itself was uncertain. Be it the thing was hard or soft, everything was just as tiny as dust. Even a living being in Chaos would be shredded to pieces by the dimensional storm!

The Void Chaos engulfed the holy light glowing in Fahl. At that moment, she had to either continue standing before the Holy Palace and perform a greater supernatural power to stop the destructive aura in the Chaos zone, or she had to leave the incomplete zone as soon as possible.

Traveling through a dimensional plane was not a difficult task to a fourteen-winged Blazing Angel. Many emperor-level creatures could tear the space apart and temporarily travel in the chaotic dimension.

The problem was, how about the Holy Palace?!

The Holy Palace would be cut into countless pieces in the Chaos zone!

Out of desperation, Fahl placed the Blazing Light Divine Statue in front of the Holy Palace. The Holy Palace was the angels’ residence on earth. It would be a great humiliation to the angels if the Holy Palace crumbled. Therefore, Fahl would certainly stop Mu Ningxue from insulting Holy City in that manner.

“W-What level of power is that?” The people in the Reflective Holy City saw the terrifying sight.

An enormous void appeared in the plains all of a sudden. It was as terrifying as an abyss, yet it was unlike any dent. It looked more like a missing piece that appeared in space. No one knew what was happening in the missing zone. They also did not know where that missing zone led!

Could magic reach such a realm that even the wall of space could be shattered?

…

The dimensional storm shattered the Blazing Light Divine Statue into powder form. The Holy Palace barely held back its force. The lengthy staircase in front of the palace was thrown into an alternate space.

The fourteen-winged Blazing Angel Fahl watched from afar. Light gradually returned to the void. The space healed at the speed of light. At the same time, a powerful devouring vortex appeared tens or hundreds of miles away. The vortex pulled everything inside to fill the missing gap in space.

There was nothing left around Holy City. Fahl did not care about the level of the spatial storm that rose in the void. She only fixed her gaze on Mu Ningxue coldly.

Just then, Fahl noticed an arrow between Mu Ningxue’s fingers. The arrow was formed by a certain unique substance in the Chaos zone!