Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3091 Giant God and God of the Underworld

“Apollo, the Sun God, and Hades, God of the Underworld.”

Michael led the ancient Giant God with one hand and destroyed the underworld magic battlefield with just one finger.

He did not look panicked or surprised. The corners of his lips curled upward as he said, “The angels of Holy City and the messenger of the Dark King… Since you’re setting a new rule for the mortal world, one person hasn’t arrived yet. It’s the leader of White Magic. The self-proclaimed true Goddess of Parthenon Temple, who never submitted to the Holy City since ancient times. How could she possibly be absent?”

The Vatican Sunflowers were not set up for the Fallen Angel, Mu Bai. The fallen angel was purely an unexpected windfall to Michael.

Michael had specially prepared the Vatican Sunflower City for the Goddess. He had wanted to seal her in the Holy City since her last visit. This time, he had a more justifiable reason for doing so!

Regardless of whether there was a true Goddess in the Parthenon Temple, attacking the Holy City was the poorest decision they had ever made.

A force that surpassed the Five Continents Magic Association Alliance should not exist in the world, nor should there be a ruler in the magic category. The Five Continents Magic Association Alliance and Holy City were the ones who established the magic convention and rules of the world.

Of course, there was a minor accident with the Five Continents Magic Association Alliance. However, that was not the key factor in the battle. The Five Continents Magic Association Alliance, including the otherworldly forces and organizations, would never have the courage to challenge Holy City. They would only ever watch from the sidelines and see who would emerge as the final victor. Then, they would join sides with the victor!

The Holy City was immortal, but the Parthenon Temple would be wiped out today. Even if Parthenon Temple was not destroyed, it would become a vassal of the Holy City, all because of the huge mistake made by the Goddess.

Holy City was the one who could destroy Parthenon Temple. The Parthenon Temple, on the other hand, was never in a position to stand against the Holy City. They did not even have the capital to do so.

The fact that the Goddess was called the leader of the White Magic was because the Holy City had granted her that title! Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Michael fixed his gaze on the land and the street that Mu Ningxue had destroyed on her own. He saw a lady in a holy white dress walking down the path of rebellion toward the city.

Ye Xinxia was walking straight into their hands…

This was what Michael wanted.

Ye Xinxia had visited the Holy City not long after she succeeded to the throne of the Goddess. From that moment, Michael knew the Parthenon Temple would throw itself into his trap!

Michael sealed the Holy City and opened the city on the land for the people from Parthenon Temple to arrive.

Michael had predicted that the Parthenon Temple would be the first to attack the city. Although it had gone somewhat differently from his prediction, Parthenon Temple had finally arrived.

“You really are something since you broke out of the complicated fight in Parthenon Temple! Unfortunately, your burdensome emotions and desires led you down the path of destruction. It’s clear that you can already transcend everything, still, you insist on getting yourself deep into this mess. Mo Fan, are you really that important? Hahaha!” Michael glanced at Ye Xinxia, who was walking resolutely toward him, before bursting into laughter.

Mo Fan stared at Michael as if he was an idiot. He did not understand why Michael found this so funny.

“If you were in my shoes, you would realize that the entire city is empty, and no one is willing to sacrifice themselves for you. Michael, you’re pathetic!” said Mo Fan.

Lingling’s words echoed in Mo Fan’s mind. She would sacrifice everything she had to protect the people whom she cherished. Similarly, those people would go to hell and back for her…

The city of divinity ruled by the high and mighty angels with a legion of the shining priesthood could not stop the people around Mo Fan.

Mo Fan initially thought he would be the one to overthrow the city because he couldn’t stand it any longer. It turned out that another group of people had set foot on this path because of him.

They were the first to attack the city. They knew they would fall into a trap. Even so, they had shown up. Although they carried the fate of the White Magic, they did not give up on him.

Michael did not understand a thing!

He was cold-blooded, cruel, and arrogant. He killed living beings and honorable spirits for the sake of achieving his selfish purpose. He was of the same kind as Parade Angel Shalitha.

“If I die, someone will cry for me. If I’m alive, someone will fight for me. When you’re alive, the world turns its back on you. When you die, everyone will rejoice. Even the brainwashed priesthood of the Holy City will be relieved. Deep down, they never wanted to fight for you. They know they are doing the wrong thing. You’ve betrayed the divine oath and despised human nature. You are so arrogant that you think you’ve been assigned godly missions. You wrongly assume yourself to be the god!”

Mo Fan obviously provoked Michael with his words. Michael looked cold and angry!

His chest undulated because of rage. Suddenly, his green shirt burst open with incredible force and sent Apollo, the Sun God, flying backward.

Michael’s gaze was frightening. He fixed his gaze on the middle-aged man in black Holy Garments.

It was Haylon, the man with the Holy Soul of Hades. He, too, was a Transcender, but he pledged his loyalty to a woman like an old slave!

Haylon was Michael’s best friend. They once fought together and wiped out the most terrifying evil forces. Today, Haylon slashed his sword at Michael.

From their last conversation, Michael knew Haylon had become his enemy. He was ready for this.

Since the start of the trial, Michael had been receiving various shocking news. There were ten white stones out of a total of eleven stones!

Everyone declared war on him!

He had been protecting them. He gave up almost everything, including his own emotions, for the sake of preserving order and peace in the world. However, these people wanted to kill and overthrow him!

Michael sealed the Holy City and opened the city on the land to wait for the betrayers to arrive.

Deep down, Michael believed no one would dare to attack the city, including the Parthenon Temple. However, they came one after another to undermine him.

Michael’s anger surged uncontrollably as he looked into the familiar face.

“Haylon, you should be on my side if you want to live longer.” After Michael flung Apollo, the Sun God, away, he slowly walked toward Haylon, who possessed the Holy Soul of Hades.

“I have been dead for a very long time. The only moment I feel like a living being is when I protect that one person.” Haylon wielded his medieval sword and pointed it at Michael.

Haylon saw an undying bud of light in the middle of the chilly storm. He willingly protected and watched her thrive because she brought vitality and hope to everyone.