Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3096 The Dark Judge

It resembled a black and enormous waterfall. It could drown tens and thousands of living creatures. However, one demonic claw grabbed Mo Fan’s soul in eagerness, as if it could not wait to make him suffer like one of them.

When Mo Fan looked down, he felt as if his soul had been sucked away. This was his first time losing the courage to face reality. There were still some mortal images within his sight. He could not help but glance at them. He wanted to glance at the troubled world and the people whom he was reluctant to let go of…

He always thought he was ready to sacrifice himself and face death. The truth was, when he was on the brink of death, he was reluctant to let go of his life.

Finally, the colorful vision disappeared. He could not see with his other eye.

!!

He no longer possessed a body full of vitality. He no longer had a pure soul. What he was about to face was a numb, evil, and stinky plane where he would never live in peace!

He drowned.

He continued to sink further.

He felt as if an icy and stinky lake had blocked his valves, frozen his heart, and clogged his blood vessels. Perhaps, this was how it felt when he was left with only one soul. Death existed.

When Mo Fan was at the Dark Corridor, he was told that they would continue to sink further when they first entered hell. They had to go through different levels of hell, and each level of hell had a different “view”. However, the torture and breakdown were the same. When they felt that they could no longer take it any further, or it was the end, there was more to come…

Mo Fan closed his eyes.

He wanted to prepare so that he could face whatever was about to happen.

Suddenly, a slew of images flashed through Mo Fan’s mind. The images of heartwarming instants, peaceful memories. They were the moments that were deeply engraved in his heart.

It was like a memory card that had been swept into a churning machine. They were about to be forgotten.

He was forgetting them!

Mo Fan opened his eyes. He struggled.

The dark hell could take away everything he had. He did not mind going from a living being to a numb skeleton. He did not mind transforming into a merciless demon without temperament. However, no one could take away his memories.

He did not want to forget anyone.

He did not want to forget the moments he had shared with them!

That was his only wish.

Mo Fan originally thought he could endure various torture in hell. Little did he know that he would collapse in the very first round.

That was just the start. He still had to go through several hundred and thousands of years. Without these precious memories to heal his wound, how could he get through the terrifying years in eternal darkness?

Mo Fan struggled like a drowning man. He couldn’t bear this. He felt that maybe he was a coward, after all.

He could not afford to let those pleasant memories be erased from his mind.

He wanted to swim upward. However, regardless of how hard he tried, he continued to sink deeper. The terrifying and hideous faces blocked his view. The shrill laughter filled his mind…

Mo Fan was angry. He swung his fists furiously at the creatures that laughed at him.

The creatures quickly fled, but they returned and continued to mock him.

Mo Fan was in pain. He was helpless. He began to forget everything he cherished. He began to forget who he was and why he was alive …

In the end, he was exhausted.

He closed his eyes and slowly sank deeper. He was no different from dirty gravel falling into a muddy lake.

Dong!

Something grabbed his back.

Mo Fan realized he had arrived at the first level of hell. He surveyed his surroundings in a daze. He neither looked happy nor angry. Although he found himself frustrated, he could not recall why he felt that way. But the pain in his heart remained…

Why was he in this abyss? How had he stopped sinking?

Mo Fan was puzzled. He felt something on his back that was dragging him up.

He began to move upward. Before that, no matter how hard he struggled, he continued to sink deeper. He had no idea what he encountered. Something pulled at him, and he finally moved upward.

Mo Fan could not move his body. He tried his best to turn his head to see what was grabbing his back. He wanted to know what was the thing that was holding him. He wondered what it was that was powerful enough to make him float again.

…

He saw a hand!

The owner of the hand was corroded by the abyssal mud. Still, he used that hand to pull Mo Fan up.

The person only had one hand. He was missing the other arm.

Mo Fan heard a buzz in his mind. He vaguely remembered the last few images he had seen of the mortal world. Someone had lost his arm during the battle. However, Mo Fan could not remember who it was.

“I will be the one who decides whether you go to hell or not! I’m the Dark Judge!”

The rotting man shouted. His eyes were the only thing that glowed in the hellish abyss. His face was gone. He was only left with bones. His back had several skinny bones without feathers. They used to be wings once.

Everything sunk into the abyss of hell. The person was the only one holding Mo Fan up.

Rawr!

The hideous ghosts refused to let Mo Fan leave. They swarmed and tore the remaining flesh on the person’s body. They gnawed at his bones!

“Get off!” The person growled.

He continued to pull Mo Fan up. It took him great effort to swim upward. However, the number of abyssal ghosts increased and nibbled at the Fallen Angel. In the cruel, dark hell, it was a rare opportunity to find pure-blooded creatures to bite into. The ghosts would not let go of this opportunity.

Under the abyssal mire, the one-handed man, surrounded by soul-devouring ghosts, was holding the body of an undecayed soul and swimming upward. They were approaching the entrance of the abyss…

“Mu Bai…”

Mo Fan finally recalled the name of the man.

“This is my true form. My soul has long since rotten away.” Mu Bai raised his head. His fair and handsome face was long gone. He was left with a skull and some remains of skin that didn’t make him look human.

“You went through all this…,” mumbled Mo Fan.

Mu Bai did not respond. He pulled Mo Fan toward the entrance of the abyss. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

...

They were very close to reaching the mortal world. The entrance of the abyss contained the most powerful force.

“It’s our fault. You’ve never lived a good life because of us,” sobbed Mo Fan.

“Then, live a good life for me!”