Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3100  All-Elements Forbidden Curse

The Heaven Mountain was a spiritual mountain. Its weight went beyond what a human could bear. Regardless of how strong Mo Fan's willpower or spiritual power was, the Heaven Mountain above him always had the edge over him.

Mo Fan's kneecaps were almost crushed because of the force. His body was encased in flames, but his flames could not spread beyond the suppressive area of the Heaven Mountain.

Although the pressure from the Heaven Mountain brought him immense psychological pain, Mo Fan did not look uneasy.

He mocked Michael for his lowly view of the world because Michael was still stuck in the old ways of the world. Michael assumed that those who cultivated magic had to follow their predecessors' dogmas. One Star Son should correspond to the next, and that one Star Pattern represented only one type of magic.

The truth was that after Feng Zhoulong created Fusion Magic, Mo Fan had a different perception of magic as a whole.

Who made those unbreakable rules?

Since the day he joined the magic academy, a teacher told every mage that mages could only awaken one element at a time. Each magic had a single fixed Star Orbit.

One needed an Awakening Stone to awaken, and they had to cultivate the magic that they had awakened.

The magic elements did not blend with one another. Forced fusion would only result in self-destruction.

However, Feng Zhoulong had broken the rule and created the Fusion Magic.

He had created the method of fusion. As his realm advanced, Mo Fan finally mastered the foundation of the Fusion Magic. Today, Mo Fan could easily complete the fusion of all magic systems without fusion gloves.

One could only awaken an element at a single stage. Mo Fan had broken the rules with his innate talent. He had been given two elements since birth. Perhaps, that was because Lady Luck had smiled upon him. However, it had also proven that the inherent rules were not absolutely correct. The people on top of the world were the ones who formulated the magic rules to allow the people to learn magic systematically. Hence, the rules existed!

"The Heaven Mountain can't trap me!" Mo Fan stopped kneeling. Even though his kneecaps cracked slightly, he gradually lifted the enormous mountain of the magic decree.

Fusion was creation!

Ice could turn into water. Water and fire could become gas. Gas could lead to lightning. Lightning could create fire. Fire could bring light, and the opposite of light was darkness!

If one had a high realm, one could perform all the magic in the world—Black Magic, White Magic, Elemental Magic, and Dimensional Magic. Everything could be derived and created based on the original and true essence of magic!

Mo Fan mocked Michael for his low realm because Michael still stuck to his predecessors' rules even today. Michael had not even achieved the derivative realm, let alone create one!

The birth of every magic element had to go through a process.

They had to first undergo imitation, derivation, and fusion changes before the creation of a new power. If the power could form a complete mass system, then it would become a new magic element.

Michael's wishful thinking was to use the inherent rules to restrain a person who had dabbled into the realm of creation. This was why Mo Fan found Michael hilarious, for Michael was still caught in his old ways!

The glow from Mo Fan's Fire, Lightning, and Flying Sand Magic Elements blended into his body. The Heaven Mountain suppressing him also contained the three inherent powers.

Today, Mo Fan dabbled into the realm of the Forbidden Curse. He was given two more magic elements to awaken.

But did all the mages have to abide by the same rule?

The fact that each person could only have one element in every advancement of the realm was because it was a rule set by the founders to keep mages from being overloaded in the process of cultivation.

If the mages had powerful mental capacity, could they cast all magic elements at the beginning of their learning stage?

Mo Fan did not know if that era would come. At the very least, he knew that, with the possession of the seven soul mountains and the souls of demons and Vermilion Bird, he was no longer bound by the rules!

Golden light, blue water silk, white frost, and green airflow…

Mo Fan had awakened his Fire, Lightning, and Flying Sand Magic Elements. But those elements he never had, like the Light, Water, Ice, and Wind Magic Elements also showed up in Mo Fan's body.

The four magic elements were considered tiny Stardusts compared to the first three magic elements. The four magic elements glowed faintly as if they belonged to a new learner. However, when all the elemental glows gathered in one person, the glow of the fusion rainbow aura shocked hundreds and thousands of people in Holy City.

All-Elemental Magic! Mo Fan alone possessed all the elemental magic!

The Heaven Mountain was bound by the rule. It transformed Mo Fan's existing magic elements into a heavy spiritual mountain. It pressed against Mo Fan's spiritual world. Thus, the Heaven Mountain always had an edge over him. However, at that moment, Mo Fan completed self-awakening under heavy pressure. He had not only awakened two elements, but also the other four elements. Each element made up the missing ones in his spiritual world.

In Mo Fan's spiritual world of magic, there was an addition of Golden Stardust, Blue Stardust, White Stardust, and Green Stardust. Although each of them was tiny, the birth of these Stardusts had exceeded the suppression of the Heaven Mountain!

Mo Fan rose under the elemental glows. He exerted force through his arm and reduced the Heaven Mountain to nothing.

His eyes flickered with an air of divinity. His demon bloodline catalyzed the tiny Stardusts so that the newly born elements could ascend to an extreme realm within a short time.

The sky and the earth seemed to have been trapped inside a dimensional cage. Under such massive oppression, the people saw Mo Fan glowing in the Forbidden Curse aura.

His glow was different from the other Forbidden Mages. Mo Fan's Forbidden Curse was based on his Fire, Lightning, Flying Sand, and Dark Magic Elements. These elements then fused with his Light, Water, Ice, and Wind Elements before he ascended to a godly level that exceeded the level of Forbidden Curse!

There were many Forbidden Mages inside the Holy City. At that moment, they could not tell which Forbidden Spell Mo Fan would perform or if he would cast a Forbidden Curse with the fusion of eight elements. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The Wind Element, Water Element, Light Element, and Ice Element Forbidden Curses were derived from the Fire Element, Lightning Element, Shadow Element, and Earth Element Forbidden Curses. After the derivation of the eight elements of Forbidden Curses, the cage of the Forbidden Curse was formed to trap space.

The birth of Dimensional Magic originated from the law of the Forbidden Curse that could destroy space. The Cage of Space that could trap heaven and earth represented dimensional power. Mo Fan himself possessed silver space, void chaos, and summoning portal. They appeared in the Cage of Space. The Music Element Forbidden Curse that brought silence to the world was formed slowly…

Those were the two major types of magic among all the Forbidden Curses!

The Cage of Space and the fusion of elements appeared in the Holy City. Michael may be the messenger of the Heavenly Father of Magic, but Mo Fan was like the God of Magic who gathered twelve elements of Forbidden Curses!

Unfortunately, Mo Fan was aware that he had not achieved a high realm. He could not evolve White Magic and other Black Magic. If not, he would have really wanted to show Michael his true orthodox magic and the supreme mystery of magic!