Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3105  School Opening Ceremony

The bright golden sunlight filtered through the trees. The fallen leaves had turned yellow. The blend of colors during this time of the year was always breathtaking.

They held hands and stepped on the leaves. Mo Fan walked slower. It was probably a subconscious thing he had built up for twenty years. He always thought that making Ye Xinxia take a walk with him was selfish. He had to walk slower so that she could rest. Otherwise, she would be tired.

"Brother Mo Fan, your carefulness might imply to people that you have to teach me how to walk." Ye Xinxia noticed people stealing glances at them. She smiled.

Mo Fan glanced around and found that there were indeed a few people who were staring at them, but many of them were wandering alone in the park.

"How about I carry you?" Mo Fan said.

Before Ye Xinxia could say anything, Mo Fan crouched down and lifted her in his arms. Then, he walked to the crowded grassland with his head held high.

"Ah!" Ye Xinxia exclaimed and hugged Mo Fan's neck tightly.

"This feels much more comfortable." Mo Fan felt that this was a little different from the past.

Holding hands, going for a walk, and chatting was not suitable for Mo Fan's restless personality. He still preferred to flirt with her directly. He wanted Xinxia's soft body stuck so close to him that he could feel her heat and the fragrance of her lips. He wanted her pressed close to his chest.

A middle-aged man in formal attire, who was sitting on a chair, had his eyes wide open in shock.

How could a bachelor do this in broad daylight? He could not do that even with his girlfriend!

The middle-aged man pushed his glasses up his nose. He turned around and stopped staring at the couple. He took his phone out and watched a live broadcast. All the young ladies in the live broadcast were stunning and enchanting. He could choose whomever he liked.

For some reason, he could not forget the elegant temperament and gentle appearance of the young man's girlfriend.

After watching for a few minutes, the middle-aged man turned off the application and looked at the couple again. He found that they were now under a big tree. The man was leaning on the trunk, and the woman was clinging to him. He could see the slender figure of the woman.

"Dude, where are you putting your hands? Watch your hands. This is a public place!"

...

Music played in the south of the park. People could hear the upbeat melody even at a distance.

There was a reconstructed magic school too. Today was the official opening day.

Due to the impact of the Ocean Demons, the opening of the school had been postponed for a month or two. For the students who urgently needed to learn magic at school, the opening of the school was more important than anything else.

"We are honored to invite the three school directors from the Alps Mountain, the Parthenon Temple, and the Pearl Institute to the Zhoulong Magic First Experimental High School. You guys are lucky. The magic you will learn next may be the most outstanding national mystery in recent decades. At the same time, our national Totem Beast Hero, Mo Fan, the great Magic God, will give us a speech at the opening ceremony. Please give him a warm welcome!"

The new principal of the Fusion Magic School was Grand Master Feng Li. He had quit the National Institute and joined basic magic education.

Mu Nujiao had made this happen. To invite this national Grand Master to be the principal of her joint school, Mu Nujiao visited Feng Li's house almost every week.

Mu Nujiao was the school director. She represented the Pearl Institute. The other school directors were Ye Xinxia, who represented the Parthenon Temple, and Heidi from Alps Mountain.

Mo Fan did not work in this school. He just visited to teach Fusion Magic.

This school was named Zhoulong. In the future, all schools that adopted Fusion Magic would be named after Zhoulong Magic First Experimental High School but with a different number.

Fusion Magic needed to be implemented. It would not work if people just memorized Mo Fan's formula. It required the efforts of many people, the assistance of many organizations, and the experiments of many young mages.

If they wanted it to reach everyone, they had to start from the first Fusion Magic experimental school!

Of course, this school was also the first school jointly run by the Temple Institute, the Alps Mountain, and the Pearl Institute. To ensure perfect cooperation among the three parties and to promote teaching methods that were conducive to the basics of mages, Mu Nujiao kept running between the three organizations until an agreement was reached.

After sufficient preparations, the first Zhoulong Magic High School was established in the school ruins that the Ocean Demons once destroyed.

"Hello, students. I'm Mo Fan." Mo Fan smiled.

"Wow!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A loud cheer resounded throughout the sports field. How could these fifteen or sixteen-year-old teenagers be unaware of the Battle in Magic City? The place where they lived was less than a hundred kilometers away from Magic City.

The Totem Beast Hero was famous throughout the country. The scene of Mo Fan guarding the Huangpu River with the National Beast Azure Dragon had made countless young people, who were new to the field of magic, go crazy!

"Time flies. I still remember the first time I stepped into Tianlan Magic High School, and the words Principal Zhu said lingered in my mind. He talked about two things, the vocation of mages and the conscience of mages. The vocation is to fight bravely when demons not a qualified educator, so I want to pass on the words of Principal Zhu to everyone," Mo Fan said to the students, who looked at him attack the city, and the conscience is not to forget to pursue the supreme meaning of magic, regardless of your current stage."

"I'm also often frustrated, confused, and do not know where to go. However, Principal Zhu pointed out the right direction for me. I'm not a qualified educator, so I want to pass on the words of Principal Zhu to everyone," Mo Fan said to the students, who looked at him with expectant faces.

Over the years, Mo Fan realized that some wise people had had a profound influence on him.

Principal Zhu was just an Advanced Mage and was not dazzling in the vast magic system. He died in the Bo City disaster.

However, Mo Fan would pass on his spirit.

Mo Fan also knew that not everyone would understand what he had to pass on. Every teacher and educator never intended to instill ideas into the students. They had thousands of students, each of whom had their own way of thinking. As long as what he said could inspire a person and help them to get out of their predicament for even a while, that would be enough for him.