Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 312: Fighting the Lizards Solo

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

“Lightning Strike!”

The lightning from Mo Fan’s hands lunged forward wildly, forking into arcs that spread wildly through his surroundings.

The fourth-tier Lightning Strike was able to fork more bolts than before. They could even arc along the ground. Mo Fan was currently conducting the spell through his feet, which could spread anywhere within twenty meters from him.

Inside the electric field, the lightning arcs could merge with one another. The Giant Lizards who stepped into the field would be paralyzed, as if countless pythons had wrapped around their limbs.

As their movements were hindered, they burst out crying in rage.

They were so close to eating the human alive, but were bound to their spots after being paralyzed by the Lightning Strike. They stared at their prey with wide, hungry eyes.

“Such a remarkable Lightning Strike...” Jiang Yi had been watching Mo Fan all this time. Her face was filled with a hint of astonishment.

Even a Lightning Strike enchanted by a Soul Seed would not have such a strong paralytic effect. It must have been further strengthened by some method, or its power would not be so close to an Intermediate Magic.

Lightning Strike was a Basic Level Magic, thus Mo Fan was able to cast it as his heart wished. The moment the electric field had dissipated, Mo Fan instantly produced another one to replace it. Despite the overwhelming number of Giant Lizards, none of them were able to get within twenty meters of him, making him momentarily unbeatable in the battle against the Giant Lizards.

Jiang Yi could not help but admit that she was rather impressed. Being able to master a Basic Level Magic to such a level was enough to indicate his extraordinary talents.

That being said, the soldiers were in a fairly similar position, too. They had formed a circle and utilized the combination of Ice Element’s Freeze and the slowing effect of Earth Wave to form a magic field to keep the Giant Lizards away. All they needed to do was to look out for the Warrior-level demon beasts.

Glancing ahead, their entire field of view was filled with moving Giant Lizards. The Demon Beasts were flowing toward them like a tide, to an extent that some of them were actually moving forward by sliding across the bodies of their comrades. The street alone had run out of space for them to move forward.

There were still many, many Giant Lizards within five hundred meters moving toward the Magicians. Some of them were even climbing the buildings in the surroundings.

More than ten Giant Lizard corpses could be seen close to Mo Fan’s feet. Killing these Servant-class Giant Lizards did not seem too difficult, but the number he had killed was nothing compared to the number of them which were still alive. There was no way he could kill all of them before his energy depleted.

He cast a glance at Jiang Yi and her soldiers. They were utterly experienced with battles. They did not waste their energy unnecessarily casting Intermediate Magic...

The students who had come on the training sometimes had the urge to blast the Servant-class demon beasts into pieces with their Intermediate Magic. However, it was a very stupid thing to do. Their energy was just like their HP bar in the wild. Wasting their energy was the same as wasting their HP. They could never eliminate all the demon beasts. Knowing how to control the usage of their energy was the key to surviving. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The soldiers were conserving their energy. They would never cast an Intermediate Magic unless it was their last resort. They were aware that it would take some time to drive the Giant Lizards back, as they were only a kilometer away from their nest.

“Swift Star Wolf!” Mo Fan called out to signal the Swift Star Wolf to look out for the Tyrant Lizard approaching from the left.

He could still handle the Giant Lizards, but the Tyrant Lizards posed a great threat to him. They were like lizard-tanks on a rampage on the street. They could even knock the buildings down.

The Swift Star Wolf clenched his teeth as he glared at the Tyrant Lizard among the pack of beasts.

The Tyrant Lizard was blazing red, like a roasted giant crocodile. As it made its way between two buildings, they even slanted sideways slightly.

It was utterly eye-catching among the Giant Lizards. The Giant Lizards around him that were moving rather slowly would create a path for it.

“A Tyrant Fire Lizard...” Jiang Yi had seen the Tyrant Lizard too. Her eyes flickered with the alignment of Stars.

She would not allow Mo Fan to die here. If need be, she would have to attack to guarantee his safety.

That being said, she would use her magic to detain Mo Fan too if she had the chance, as capturing him was her priority now!

“Don’t come to me, don’t come to me... F**k, is your lizard brain actually made of pig’s DNA? Why do you have to come here when there are so many people there!” Mo Fan was furious when he saw the Tyrant Fire Lizard crawling toward him.

Despite the curse, Mo Fan did not relax at all.

Regardless of the number of the Giant Lizards, he could still use Lightning Strike to set up a safe zone for himself. However, it was not as effective against a Tyrant Lizard. The fourth-tier Lightning Strike would only be useful against a Warrior-level demon beast when all the lightning arcs were focusing on attacking a certain body part.

“Swift Star Wolf, find a way and lure it to them!” Mo Fan said to the Swift Star Wolf.

Swift Star Wolf and Mo Fan shared the same thoughts. Their first instinct in a situation like this was to add to the misfortunes of their enemies.

However, as soon as the Swift Star Wolf was about to draw the Tyrant Fire Lizard’s attention to the other group, Jiang Yi suddenly made her move.

The woman was trying to protect Mo Fan while finding a way to detain him. However, since Mo Fan was trying to break the rules, she would not mind being the judge for once.

Jiang Yi’s strength was similar to Tangyue back in the old days, thus the Swift Star Wolf would not dare provoke her. Mo Fan had no choice but to give up on his plan. Same as usual, the Swift Star Wolf would deal with the big guy, while he would handle the small ones.

Without the help of the Swift Star Wolf eliminating the Giant Lizards nearby, Mo Fan could sense the pressure building up.

He had to rely on the collapsed building behind him as a shield as he stood on slightly higher ground.

It was impossible to relocate himself now. The area before him was covered with a rug made of Giant Lizards. If he were to join them together into a string, he could wrap it around the perimeter of the city twice!

Mo Fan cast his magic continuously. The remastered Lightning Strike gave Mo Fan the ability to drag the battle along.

In a hit and run situation, he would be able to eliminate ten times the number of the beasts he had killed so far. However, it was totally impossible when he was being surrounded like this. If it weren’t for the paralyzing effect of the electric field, and being lucky that the Giant Lizards did not know any ranged attacks, Mo Fan would have been chewed into bones by now!

“Just surrender. Your Lightning Strike is rather impressive, but when your energy depletes eventually, you will be turned into their food. Give up, and you might still have a chance at surviving. The Commander said that you’re the best test subject. Although there hasn’t been a successful specimen before, you definitely have a higher chance to succeed!” Jiang Yi glanced at Mo Fan across the endless Giant Lizards in the way.

Jiang Yi did not dare to get too close to him. She had to consider the possibility of Mo Fan committing suicide if she pressured him too much.

Any normal person would consider dying in glory rather than living in dishonor. Since he was dead either way, why would he allow himself to be a test subject? Wouldn’t that be helping the evil side to achieve what they wanted?

Jiang Yi wanted Mo Fan to surrender himself.

It was a pain to deal with the huge pack of Giant Lizards, but they could still make their way out with ease, as long as she joined the battle.

However, Mo Fan was still venturing deeper into the demon beasts’ territory, preventing her magic from reaching him and the soldiers from capturing him alive.

If Mo Fan ended up feeding himself to the Giant Lizards, the mission would be deemed a failure. She was hoping that Mo Fan would be thinking rationally. If he continued to act as he wished, he would end up killing all of them. Shouldn’t he be accepting the truth instead? Being a test subject didn’t mean he would die!

Mm, maybe...