Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3123: Stares Of Destruction

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Some people could be easily fooled, but some were too smart to be fooled.

Professor Tong Zhouzheng did not look as simple as he appeared to be.

At that moment, Lingling had no choice but to tell the professor the whole truth. After all, she needed her professor’s help to take the Black Elephant King hostage. She could not rely on the hunter girl, who had a low level of power.

Outside the window, the moonlight slanted toward the hills. Orange Sand City was quiet. The sound of boots occasionally stepped loudly on the street below before it went quiet again. They were probably other hunters returning to the city with or without the fruits of their harvest.

A cold breeze blew in from the window and tousled Lingling’s hair, revealing her young and pretty face.

Tong Zhouzheng was deep in thought as he watched her.

Lingling’s words shocked Professor Tong Zhouzheng. She was exposed to a field that even Professor Tong Zhouzheng had not encountered before!

Behind the tournament, there was a secret collusion between Khufu and the experts. It was a conspiracy of the two great female demons of Medusa to jointly overthrow the new queen.

‘Are all these facts?!’

Professor Tong Zhouzheng sucked in a deep breath. The reason he stared at Lingling was that he could not believe that such a young girl could be so calm and composed in the face of such darkness behind the public curtain.

Moreover, she was planning to target some powerful key figures like the Black Elephant King!

Indeed, the Black Elephant King was the key to this issue. No matter what, they had to trap and control him.

“I believe you.” It took Professor Tong Zhouzheng a while before he uttered

“Are you going to tell the rest that the curse doesn’t exist at all?” asked Lingling.

“No need. They won’t give their best if it’s about a rescue mission. However, if it’s something related to saving their own lives, they will do everything they can. We have too little manpower as it is. All we can do is ensure their safety, ” said Professor Tong Zhouzheng.

Lingling thought Professor Tong Zhouzheng was a nitpicking man. If not for the urgency of the situation, he would never agree to such a last-minute solution.

Since Professor Tong Zhouzheng agreed with Lingling’s plan, this would help make things easier. It was a race against time. Hopefully, all the hunter teams would work harder and find all the scattered Pharaoh’s Source so that Apas could grab all of them.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The wind grew increasingly fierce and barged inside the room through the window, rattling the wooden door.

Bam!

Suddenly, the unlocked door was blown open. A strong desert gale blew in and messed up all the things inside the house.

Lingling hurriedly closed the window. When she leaned forward and looked at the undulating desert, she saw an enormous figure standing at the end of the dune. It looked like a giant standing in the middle of a small human kingdom. Although the distance was far apart and the city was huge, it trembled under its gigantic body.

Lingling was so shocked that she felt as if her soul had been sucked away upon being greeted by the sight.

Professor Tong Zhouzheng looked frightened by the sight outside the window.

The figure had a human body and golden, unkempt long hair. Each strand of hair resembled a desert python. They danced around with hideous heads. They were densely intertwined…

The figure resembled a demonic woman. When it bared her fangs, the python hair moved aggressively along its exaggerated facial features.

It was tall and enormous. It continued to raise its body and covered the slanted moon and the entire night sky.

It finally showed its lower half. It had the body of a snake the size of a dozen dunes! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

It had a body that resembled a snake and a head that resembled a human! It had golden hair and golden irises!

It was the ancient Medusa.

It was the mother of Medusa!

It had come back to life!

It descended to the mortal land with great soul-stirring power like a mythical vision. It looked down at the tiny cities as if it was a demon lord. It examined Cairo coldly.

At that moment, the entire Orange Sand City looked like a mini sand city built by the children on the beach, and the people in the city fled in panic like ants!

“I-It’s the mother of Medusa!”

Lingling felt as though she had difficulty breathing.

It was the mother of Medusa!

It had awakened!

But…

The people from the city, town and capital at a far distance saw the terrifying figure. The most incredible thing was its golden, evil eyes. They were like the stars, moon, and sun hanging high in the sky. It stared at the people whenever they were!

Its gaze…

It was the gaze of the mother of Medusa!

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The desert gale was fierce. As the mother of Medusa’s golden irises expanded, it gradually bent its body like a bow that had been pulled back.

The sand in the gale suddenly became still. Each grain was clearly visible, floating under the night sky and above the land.

The gale came to a halt suddenly. A moment ago, it was blowing fiercely. At that moment, it was as still as death.

Lingling fixed her gaze outside the window. She sensed that something aggressively swept across the land.

However, the surging power was silent and still. By the time Lingling saw a brownish-gray line that divided the streets and buildings outside the window, she realized she had just brushed death and barely escaped!

The brownish-gray element looked like the light of dawn and swept away the dimness of the boundless land.

The eyes of the mother of Medusa could never be the light of dawn. It was an ancient disaster. It turned everything in the world into lifeless stone and sand.

Mother of Medusa invaded half of Orange Sand City with its gaze. The long streets, rows of succulent greenery, wooden stores, taverns, inns, and the people who lived, slept, drank, or worked all night, the men, the women, the children, the elders… everything was petrified!

It was a forbidden power. It was magnificent yet terrifying.

Orange Sand City was just a small part of the mother of Medusa’s peripheral vision.

It fixed its gaze on Cairo!

The gaze of the first light of dawn swept across the vast desert and froze thousands of vultures and tens and thousands of cactuses. Everything except the sand had been invaded by an intense brownish-gray element. They became hard and dull. It was horrible!

Regardless of how majestic the city was, it could not escape from the “baptism” of the light of dawn. The darkness faded.

Millions of people in Cairo did not expect this day to come. They were not greeted by the light of dawn that rose from the East. Instead, they were greeted by a pair of golden irises that petrified everything in the world!

The skyscrapers turned into brownish-gray sand buildings.

The asphalt highway and city streets turned into brown and gray stone roads.

The metal vehicles, steel, and glasses turned into a pile of lifeless sand.

At that moment, the people became still.

All living things were petrified.

Cairo was huge. After unveiling the darkness of the night, the capital plunged into a devastated state that could no longer withstand another round of attack under the surging but silent power that transformed everything into brownish gray.

Everything was in deathly silence.

The city slept forever in the sand.

It seemed like the mortal world had been reduced to ashes by a single ray of light from its gaze.. It was the mother of Medusa’s Stares of Destruction!