Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 448: Try Touching Her Again!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translator: XephiZ

Editor: Aelryinth

“Humph, you have no idea how to use your power, do you really think you can kill me!?” roared Nie Dong furiously.

Mists of red blood spread rapidly in the air, floating eerily in front of Nie Dong. The blood surprisingly transformed into a long scythe under Nie Dong’s control...

The bloody scythe sprang forward and slashed at Liu Ru, shattering the steel beams along the way!

Nie Dong grinned cruelly; since he could not have her, he would destroy her instead!

The giant blood scythe formed with blood arrived before Liu Ru. The girl clearly had no clue how to use her speed to dodge it. The scythe struck her waist and knocked her flying.

Liu Ru smashed through a few walls that were left during the renovation. The pieces scattered across the place.

“Even her body is so tough!” Nie Dong almost clenched his fangs to pieces.

His blood scythe was able to kill a Warrior-level creature if they were not defending against it. However, it had only knocked her flying instead of slashing through her waist. It clearly showed how outstanding her defense was.

Nie Dong began to doubt if Liu Ru was actually one of the Blood Tribe!

Liu Ru, her face as pale as a piece of paper, rose to her feet among the debris. Her inhuman eyes were fixed on Nie Dong...

The vampire had killed her sister, the only family member she had, thus Liu Ru had long wanted to kill him with her own hands.

And now, this goddamned creature had turned her into a vampire, too!

When she recalled Mo Fan’s astonished, yet indifferent gaze, and her evil, embarrassed face with a trace of blood on her lips, and only blood slowly leaking out from eyes that could no longer shed tears, it drove her even crazier!

She hated the vampire, hated him for taking away the person dearest to her!

She was on the verge of losing her mind from anger. Her mind was filled with the sole thought of killing the vampire. She was furious that she could no longer face the man whom she had fallen in love with recently because of this vampire, the man who had brought a glimpse of hope to her dull life.

The despair had significantly exceeded the limit she could endure, as if she had been thrown to the valley bottom.

The only reason she did not end her miserable life yet was because she wanted to kill the vampire who had destroyed everything!

—

Liu Ru ignored the wound on her waist. She could not feel the pain due to the overwhelming sorrow she was experiencing.

In the past, she did not even have the courage to harm little animals, and now, she was determined to tear the vampire before her into pieces...

She continued to charge at Nie Dong. On the gloomy floor, a black shadow wove past the obstacles and appeared in front of Nie Dong. Her face looked more savage with the blood leaking out from her eyes, as she reached out with her sharp claws once again.

A chilly gust followed the swipe of the white claws. She was purely venting her hatred blatantly through brute force. The swipes swept past the vampire’s body wildly...

Nie Dong was very agile, he always managed to dodge Liu Ru’s frantic attacks.

Suddenly, Nie Dong came to a stop and pointed his finger at Liu Ru. Countless pairs of wings flapped wildly in the dark.

Screeches were heard as a huge number of bats with sharp wings appeared from all directions! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

They were following Nie Dong’s orders, flying at Liu Ru en masse. Each of them left a shallow cut on Liu Ru’s body as they flew past.

More bats began to appear, almost wrapping around Liu Ru, preventing her from moving forward.

“You’re no match for me, same as you were in the past!” Nie Dong sneered with a cold grin.

A lump of blackness appeared on Nie Dong’s palm, emitting an icy, extraordinary glow.

Nie Dong pushed the black substance forward. Its overwhelming energy blasted into Liu Ru, who was still surrounded by the bats.

Liu Ru was knocked far away by the impact. Her body drew an arc in the air before slamming hard into the ground close to the end of the floor.

Her body continued to roll, and only stopped after slamming into the steel glass at the end. She laid on the ground for a long time...

“Humph, stupid woman; what a waste of my effort!” Nie Dong slowly approached Liu Ru’s body, his eyes full of disgust and disdain.

He was still holding his bleeding neck. Blood was extremely precious to the Blood Tribe, thus Liu Ru did inflict serious damage on him.

Nie Dong arrived beside Liu Ru and lifted her with a single hand.

Liu Ru glared at the vampire. Inside her eyes, the vampire was almost burned into ashes by her fury.

“Ungrateful wretch!” Nie Dong was infuriated too. He violently slammed Liu Ru into the wall nearby!

The wall was made of steel glass, and almost cracked apart when Liu Ru’s body slammed into it.

Nie Dong seemed to be torturing Liu Ru on purpose, lifting her again and slamming her into a different section of the wall...

An ordinary human would have broken into pieces by now, but it had only fractured a few of Liu Ru’s bones after her transformation, without endangering her life.

The stronger Liu Ru’s body was, the angrier Nie Dong became. How was his lineage inferior to this bitch’s?

The steel glass shattered following a loud crash!

The sharp glass pieces scattered everywhere. Liu Ru almost fell out from the window, hitting the ground beside the edge, the wind howling inches away. She clenched her teeth and tried to rise to her feet...

“Fiery Fist!”

A blazing, rose-colored flame appeared at the entrance of the floor. Its light instantly lit up the gloomy floor, revealing Nie Dong’s grinning face.

The flames were withdrawn into a bracelet on Mo Fan’s right wrist, on the verge of jetting out!

“Try touching her again!”

The burning fist swept through the darkness, a giant fiery punch traveled across the floor and almost filled the entire area!

The Fiery Fist struck Nie Dong, who could not defend himself in time. His body was slammed hard into the steel glass by the tremendous impact of the Fiery Fist.

The steel glass broke into pieces from the collision, allowing the flames to burst out from the floor like a fiery tongue, lighting up the sky a blazing red!

The vampire was thrown out of the building by Mo Fan’s punch. His body was engulfed in flames, and dropped the full forty floors before slamming into a self-created pit on the street!