Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 498: Sea of Fiery Leaves

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“What are you standing there for? Are you waiting for the fire to burn you to death!?” snapped Shi Gua at the eight Ice Magicians when he saw the Fiery Sorceress breaking into the villa.

The eight Ice Magicians did not expect the Fiery Sorceress’s strength to be so overwhelming. Their ice walls were destroyed one by one, even when the walls were sturdy enough to trap an Advanced Magician!

They exchanged glances with one another. They no longer dared to underestimate their opponent after witnessing the Fiery Sorceress’ terrifying power. They immediately gathered all the energy and transferred it into the formation’s foci. They even expended the Ice Magic Ores which they had saved up over many years, just to further increase the power of the Demon-sealing Ice Formation!

The Demon-sealing Ice Formation was different from other entrapping formations. It was not merely an entrapping formation, but one with a continuous effect.

The formation would first mark the target and continuously summon ice walls to surround them.

If the target failed to break the ice walls in time, the walls would continue to stack up, increasing the thickness of the walls. When the walls reached a certain thickness, it would completely seal the target within the enclosed space.

Therefore, even when the Fiery Sorceress had entered the villa, the Demon-sealing Ice Formation was still active. More ice appeared around the Fiery Sorceress to build the walls, and regardless of where she was moving, the walls would follow right behind her, until eight walls appeared and enclosed their target...

It was obvious that the Fiery Sorceress had realized how extraordinary the formation was. She was initially planning to attack the couple in the attic, yet when she saw the ice walls about to entrap her, she had no choice but to divert her attention and attack the walls with fire instead.

The pieces continued to fall from the sky. Although the Fiery Sorceress was stuck in the middle of the formation that could freeze her in the ice anytime, it did not necessarily mean that the Fiery Sorceress was unable to unleash her destructive power.

She began to multitask by drawing a fiery ring with her left hand, summoning a fire cloud that loomed over the entire villa and dropped a rain of fire. Her right hand was used as a fist, each punch able to shatter the walls...

“I’ll be your opponent!” Shi Gua leapt into the sky. His movements were surprisingly nimble, reaching a height of twenty meters!

As he reached the highest point, he flung both hands forward. More than ten thick icy chains appeared before him, intertwining into a tall pillar which Shi Gua landed right on top of!

Shi Gua was able to control the Ice Spells as he wished. He did not have Wing Equipment, nor did he have the Wind Wings, yet with his nimble Magic Boots and his agility, he was able to move freely in the air using pillars constructed by ice chains...

He could make the ice chains sturdy and flexible as he wished, allowing him to use them both for offensive and defensive purposes. Shi Gua used Ice Lock to create a domain of chains that granted him the ability to move freely in the air, allowing him to face the Fiery Sorceress.

The Fiery Sorceress was busy breaking the ice walls while defending herself from Shi Gua’s Advanced Spells, so she had no chance to attack the villa.

However, the Fiery Sorceress clearly possessed other power apart from Fire. Her furious gaze emitted a brilliant glow, as her will transformed into a strong force grabbing at the annoying ice chains that Shi Gua had set up!

The force itself was invisible, yet when the ice chains broke into pieces, it was fairly obvious that the force had the shape of a giant hand. It had torn the chains apart with a crushing grip.

The ice chains were the reason Shi Gua was able to fight in the air. Without their support, he soon fell to the ground...

Shi Gua was planning to reconstruct the ice chains when he felt a great pressure descending upon him from above...

“Giant Armor!”

Shi Gua immediately summoned his Armor Equipment in a panic.

As soon as the armor fully covered his body, the invisible weight collapsed upon him. The ground where he was standing sank rapidly!

It felt like he was standing under the foot of a giant. There was a garage around ten meters away from Shi Gua, and half of the garage was gone. The cars inside it ended up as flat metal sheets in the pit.

Shi Gua was right in the center of the force, pressed into the pit. His body was buried between the rocks and soil. His armor was covered in cracks.

As Shi Gua climbed out from the pit, he could not help but feel flustered...

The Fiery Sorceress also possessed the power of the Space Element. The Stomp of Depravity totally took him by surprise. The battle-seasoned Shi Gua was barely able to sense the space around him compressing in time. He would have been crushed into pulp if he was a second slower!

What mess did this Zhao Yulin drag him into!? How did he involve himself with such a devil!?

Shi Gua could feel the ache across his entire body. He tried to catch his breath, yet the infuriated Fiery Sorceress showed no intention of letting him do so.

The Fiery Sorceress placed her palm in front of her mouth and blew softly...

The flames from her breath turned into bright-colored maple leaves floating toward Shi Gua’s position. When the insignificant leaves made contact with the soil, it was like they had encountered something that would set them on fire. The fiery leaves blossomed into clouds of blazing fire... 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The raging clouds merged together into an astonishing ocean of flames, which spread in all directions like wild sprinting beasts!

The fiery leaves flared as soon as they touched the ground, devouring the buildings, gardens, ponds and compounds of the European-style villa into ashes.

The Magicians defending the villa were completely overwhelmed by the flames produced by the Fiery Sorceress. They initially planned to abuse their numbers, yet they were already fleeing for their lives in the midst of the fiery ocean before they could assemble and coordinate their attacks.

Their attacks were completely useless, as the destruction brought upon them by the Fiery Sorceress’ attacks was on a completely different level than theirs. They already had trouble dealing with the fiery leaves floating in the air.

Meanwhile, Shi Gua was suffering greatly from the fire, too. His Magic Armor was already breaking apart, allowing the flames to penetrate through the gaps. Even though his primary Element was Ice, the burns still inflicted great pain on him!