Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 514: Innate Talent

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Can’t do anything about that, his contributions are not replicable. I’m sure that you’re feeling the same way as I am. What right does a guy who struggles to secure the nineteenth rank have to step on us?” laughed Zhou Shuming.

Dongfang Lie went silent for a while, before he said with a smile, “Things aren’t that complicated. Both the World College Tournament and the Huang Ranking evaluates one based on their strength. We just need to defeat him. The people of the Magic Association will also take a defeat in the school’s ranking into account.”

“You’re right. I’ve never heard of anyone listed on the Huang Ranking being crushed by his opponents at school! His contributions to society might be impressive, but he’s too weak to be listed on the ranking!” Zhou Shuming was relieved after he heard Dongfang Lie’s words.

——

Mo Fan had no idea someone was already targeting him. Through the repeated duels, he realized that his strength was not too outstanding. He had to rely on the Three Step Tower to improve his cultivation. Otherwise, he would lose horribly against those with half a foot into the Advanced Level!

After Mo Fan secured the nineteenth spot, he was granted the chance to train in the Three Step Tower for five days.

Mo Fan focused on cultivating his Lightning Element Nebula.

Mo Fan went to the third floor of the Three Step Tower and barely stayed there for two days. He finally improved his Lightning Nebula to the third level after crazily absorbing the Lightning Element there.

As for the remaining three days, he focused on the Shadow Element.

His Shadow Element had remained stagnant for quite some time. To his relief, he was able to improve his Shadow Element to the second level before the period of five days came to an end...

If his cultivation had not dropped a level because of him demonizing, he would not have fallen so far behind compared to those ranked in the top twenty. All four of his Elements would have reached the third level!

Mo Fan had many Elements, thus he had to spend extra effort to cultivate them. For those ranked higher up in the ranking, spending a longer time in the Three Step Tower would not benefit them as much, yet Mo Fan was still focusing on improving his other Elements. His Fire Element, which was currently at the third level, was not able to benefit as much as it did when he first entered the Three Step Tower. However, both the Shadow Element and the Summoning Element were being cultivated in the Three Step Tower for the first time, so the results were fairly impressive.

Mo Fan had to climb higher up in the rankings so he could cultivate in the Three Step Tower longer, just so all his four Elements could improve at the same time!

The Flame Belle’s growth rate would increase to fourfold when his Summoning Element reached the second level.

This was extremely important to Mo Fan, as the quicker the Flame Belle was able to reach her Adolescent Phase, the faster he would have a Ruler-level Contracted Beast!

His Lightning Element was currently at the third level, while the Shadow Element was at the second level. The next time he visited the Three Step Tower, he would improve his Summoning Element to the second level!

——

Mo Fan was in a good mood when he came out from the Three Step Tower.

He had spent most of his time training in the wild, and was fairly experienced at battle and completing missions, unlike the Magicians who cultivated at school most of the time. As such, the benefits he received during every visit to the Three Step Tower were relatively impressive, too.

It was similar to a Martial Artist... the Three Step Tower was like rinsing their body in herbs.

Although rising their body in herbs every day did improve their physical attributes, it was not as significant as the hidden potential awakened by those who fought a series of battles, then rinsed bodies stained with sweat and blood in herbs.

As such, lately, whenever Mo Fan visited the Three Step Tower, his cultivation would improve!

Both his Fire and Lightning were at the third level, and the reason why Mo Fan was able to fight against students higher on the ranking. His next step was to improve his Summoning Element to the second level.

The Summoning Element was the one that Mo Fan had spent the least amount of time on. As such, he would need to spend at least seven days in the Three Step Tower to improve it to the second level in one go.

Only those ranked in the top ten were given a chance to cultivate in the Three Step Tower for seven days!

“Mo Fan, are you sure you’re not going to take it slowly? Trying to jump from rank nineteen to ten is a bit ambitious!” Ai Tutu warned him seriously when she learned of his intentions.

“Each rank in the top thirty is difficult enough, let alone jumping from nineteenth to tenth. You should try fighting rank fifteen first before going any further,” Mu Nujiao shared the same thoughts as Ai Tutu. Mo Fan was definitely being too aggressive!

Mu Nujiao’s strength had improved at a crazy rate over the past year as well. She was now ranked forty-seventh in the Plant School, and still climbing her way up.

Mu Nujiao thought she was fast at climbing the ranks. Meanwhile, Mo Fan was trying to get into the top ten!

Those ranked in top ten, if she could describe them... they were simply a bunch of monsters! Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

“That’s wasting too much time! The earlier I can get into top ten, the earlier I can get my hands on the resources... they give lots of Soul Seed Pieces, too. You have no idea how poor I am right now,” Mo Fan smiled wryly, glaring at the little Flame Belle playing with his hair!

“I can’t say otherwise... from what I know, everyone in the top ten has their own innate talent. If you want to challenge them, you should learn what their innate talents are beforehand,” Mu Nujiao advised when she realized that she could not convince Mo Fan otherwise.

“Innate talents?”

“Mm, something similar to your Double Innate Elements. Even though they aren’t as bizarre as your Double Innate Elements, those who are ranked higher usually have greater innate talents,” said Mu Nujiao.

Now that Mu Nujiao had mentioned it, Mo Fan finally recalled that Dongfang Ming also had an innate talent, which allowed him to draw the Star Patterns at twice the speed of everyone else... However, the guy was too lazy, he did not utilize the potential of his outstanding innate talent.

Innate talents were fairly rare to come by. Normally, those who had one would have a huge advantage over others if they were not putting it to waste. Mo Fan had yet to encounter many who had one, but on second thought, he was now at the Pearl Institute, one of the most famous Magic Institutes in the country. Therefore, it was reasonable to find all sorts of maniacs here...

Most of those ranked in the top ten had an innate talent!

No wonder people kept telling him that it was impossible to win against those in the top ten. Their innate talents had already given them a huge advantage, and if they actually worked hard, how could other Magicians stand any chance against them?

According to Mu Nujiao, since Mo Fan was still a new student, even with his dominating innate talent, there was no rush to challenge the top ten students, as they were most likely seniors in the school, who had taken control of the resources for many years.

They had outstanding cultivations, a full set of equipment, and Soul Seeds for both their Elements. They were basically unbeatable at the Intermediate Level. If he were to stumble into one with an innate talent, he basically had no chance of winning!