Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 589: 38 Stars!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

A loud crash echoed in the chamber. It turned out that the fireball, now five meters across, that the little Flame Belle had turned into had just slammed into the Cloth-wrapped Corpse General. The creature had no place to escape to after it was forced into a corner in the chamber.

The fireball exploded. It felt like a Fire Burst: Rupture, with its power multiplied by around ten times. Half of the spacious chamber was devoured by the erupting flames, while the place felt like it was about to collapse!

The chamber quaked vigorously. Dust and grit continued to fall from above as cracks began to cross the sturdy walls. Meanwhile, the Cloth-wrapped Corpse General was entirely engulfed in flames within a pile of burning debris.

The Cloth-wrapped Corpse General was just too unlucky. Normally, with its speed, it was hard to land any destructive spell on it, yet the area of little Flame Belle’s fireball was just too terrifying. With the limited space in the chamber, it was only a matter of time until the fireball struck it!

Little Flame Belle was overjoyed. She zipped past the sea of flames she had just created and flew over to where the Cloth-wrapped Corpse General was laying.

( .c om ) The little creature was rather naive. She was simply going to check if her target was dead. If not, she would not mind using a stronger Calamity Fire to send the creature into the afterlife.

To her surprise, the Cloth-wrapped Corpse General was so cunning that it was actually faking its death. When the little Flame Belle went up to it, the winding sheets around its arm immediately took the shape of a drill, stabbing at little Flame Belle viciously!

The attack totally caught little Flame Belle off guard. There was no way she could possibly dodge it, yet the cunning Mo Fan would never allow such a thing to happen. His fist erupted in flames that streaked through the air and flew right at the Cloth-wrapped Corpse General that had just sprung up from the ground.

The Cloth-wrapped Corpse General was knocked flying while it was still in midair. Its body slammed into the walls of the chamber. The impact ended up producing a deep hole, where the Corpse General was quickly burned to ashes under the combination of different flames.

The Cloth-wrapped Corpse General’s defense was not as outstanding as other kinds of Corpse Generals. Mo Fan’s punch was strong enough to blast it to death.

As Mo Fan took a few steps forward, a wisp of dark green fragmented soul drifted toward the Little Loach Pendant, implying that the Cloth-wrapped Corpse General was indeed dead.

It was a Warrior-level Soul Remnant! As a matter of fact, there were quite a number of Warrior-level Soul Remnants floating on the Nether River in the Little Loach Pendant. When the Cloth-wrapped Corpse General’s Soul Remnant joined the rest of the Soul Remnants, they immediately gathered together and combined into a dark-blue amber in the shape of a water droplet!

Soul Essence! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The Little Loach Pendant had refined a Soul Essence!

Most importantly, it was refined with close to a hundred Warrior-level Soul Remnants, hence the product was a Warrior-level Soul Essence, bringing Mo Fan great joy!

It turned out that not only was the Little Loach able to refine Servant-class Soul Remnants, it could also refine Warrior-level Soul Remnants into Soul Essences!

The average price of a Warrior-level Soul Essence was around twenty million RMB. Mo Fan’s savings were almost empty from feeding his little Flame Belle. Despite that, he was still unwilling to sell the Pseudomorphing Demon Beast’s Seed. He even had to rely on Liu Ru to pay the twenty million to Shorty. Now that he finally had the chance to earn twenty million, how fascinating... oh, wait a second!

“Damn it, I almost forgot. I can’t take the Soul Essences that Little Loach has refined out from the pendant. I can only use them to strengthen my Stars,” he cursed instantly.

His joy was all in vain. He could not even trade the Soul Essences for money!

“Speaking of which, can I even strengthen the Stars with a Warrior-level Soul Essence...” the question suddenly crossed Mo Fan’s mind.

Since he had no way of selling the Soul Essence, he simply decided to spend it on an experiment. He immediately used the freshly refined Soul Essence to strengthen the thirty-fourth Star of his Nebula.

The naughty Star was flying around wildly in the blazing red Nebula. Mo Fan’s control over the Stars was like a fisher handling a tank of fish. He was so experienced that he could instantly grab any fish in the tank that he wished.

( .c om ) “Come, here’s some nutrients for you to grow stronger!”

Mo Fan fed the Warrior-level Soul Essence to the Star he had not yet strengthened. The Star rapidly absorbed the energy of the Soul Essence, becoming incredibly bright, and on top of that, it also had an extra flickering glow around it!

Mo Fan initially thought the Warrior-level Soul Essence would be consumed in the process, yet the Soul Essence was still there after its energy was absorbed by the Star. The only difference was its color was slightly dimmer.

“So desu ne, a Warrior-level Soul Essence contains more energy, which is enough to strengthen more than one Star...”

{TL Note: All weebs should know what so desu ne means}

Mo Fan felt a great surge of joy. There were only fifteen Stars left to be strengthened. He would be able to strengthen a few more Stars with the Warrior-level Soul Essence!

Mo Fan immediately proceeded to strengthen the thirty-fifth Star with the Warrior-level Soul Essence. The process finished rather smoothly. Not long after, the thirty-fifth Star was shining brightly, like its thirty-four other siblings!

Moving forward, the thirty-sixth Star was successfully strengthened, too!

More onward, the thirty-seventh Star had no problem leveling up too. The energy that a Warrior-level Soul Essence contained was superb indeed!

Here came the thirty-eighth Star. The Soul Essence was almost entirely transparent. As Mo Fan finished strengthening the thirty-eighth Star, the Warrior-level Soul Essence finally dissipated...

Five Stars!

A Warrior-level Soul Essence was just enough to strengthen five Stars!

However, different Warrior-level Soul Essences had different levels of quality too, leading to each Soul Essence containing a different amount of energy. Those with a lower quality were only enough to strengthen four Stars, while those that were superior would be able to strengthen six Stars. Clearly, the Soul Essences refined by the Little Loach were considered average!

The count had now reached thirty-eight, only eleven more left to strengthening all forty-nine Stars, which would significantly improve Mo Fan’s magic. It was extremely important to him!

The power of a fourth-tier Fiery Fist was truly outstanding. Otherwise, Dongfang Lie would not have been able to occupy the first rank for so long. The truth was, Mo Fan’s Fiery Fist was only slightly stronger than a fourth-tier Fiery Fist when he was possessed by the Flame Belle. Mo Fan simply took Dongfang Lie by surprise, since Dongfang Lie never thought his spell would be overwhelmed by Mo Fan’s.

Therefore, if Mo Fan was also able to cast the fourth-tier Fiery Fist, allowing him to fire nine fiery dragons from his fist, and together with the extra power from being possessed by the Flame Belle, his Fiery Fist’s power would be close to an Advanced Spell. In addition, Mo Fan’s Fire Seed was also able to multiply the strength of his Fire Spells!

Think about that, when his Intermediate Spell was almost as destructive as an Advanced Spell, wouldn’t most of his enemies be trembling in fear when facing him?

He had to strengthen the remaining eleven Stars as soon as possible! He was hoping that he would earn more benefits from the war against the undead, allowing him to learn a new formidable spill and dominate the Intermediate Level!