Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 597: Icebound Coffin

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelrinyth

“Did I overestimate these filthy creatures’ defense, or underestimate the strength of the Meteorite Fist?” mumbled Mo Fan subconsciously when he saw the Corpse General turning into a giant, pitch-black hunk of coal from the fire.

It turned out that things never worked according to plan. Mo Fan had been planning to deal with the Poison-spitting Corpse General first, as it felt like the creature had the weakest defense. However, after its poison no longer posed any threat to him because of his armor, he simply blasted the other Corpse General dead with a single Meteorite Fist!

On second thought, the Corpse General was indeed a lot weaker than the Hatchet Corpse General. Apart from its attempts to ram into him, the poisonous gust it unleashed simply had no effect on Mo Fan now. It was not too surprising that a Meteorite Fist stronger than a fourth-tier Fiery Fist was enough to end the creature’s life!

After getting rid of the Corpse General with the flesh tumors, Mo Fan had pretty much secured his vicinity. As he was about to switch his focus to the Poison-spitting Corpse General, he suddenly felt something clutching tightly to his feet...

Glancing down, Mo Fan discovered that two black metallic hands were poking out from the ground and grabbing onto his ankles. Their grip was so strong that they could almost snap his ankles in half!

Mo Fan was astounded. The creature must be the third Corpse General!

No wonder he failed to detect its presence anywhere, as it had been hiding underground all along. That way, it could also stay away from the flames!

It was a Corpse General with a brain. Luckily, he had put on the full Black Snake Magic Armor in time. Otherwise, its hands would have broken his ankles straightaway!

“Lightning Strike!”

Mo Fan flickered with electricity, and lightning arcs drilled into the ground rapidly at his command. The fourth-tier Lightning Strike was able to fork into lots of lightning arcs, which were basically schools of purple lightning eels...

As soon as the electricity was conducted into the ground, a cry from the Corpse General arose almost instantly. The brief paralysis forced the creature to loosen its grip on Mo Fan’s feet.

Mo Fan used the remaining power of the Blood Tabi to leap into the air, dragging the Ground-digging Corpse General out from the soil with brute force.

The Corpse General was still holding onto Mo Fan’s feet. However, the lightning coming from Mo Fan grew stronger in the air. The creature finally lost its grip on his ankles due to the paralysis, and fell onto a slope, rolling down to the bottom.

Mo Fan glanced downward and saw that the creature was a brown Corpse General with only half a body...

The Corpse General only had a body above the waistline. Its body structure was similar to a human, yet its limbs were extraordinarily thick, like black iron. It could both move and jump using its strong iron arms!

The lightning covering the creature’s body could not last for long, and was quickly gone. The Corpse General immediately charged at Mo Fan like an enormous ape. Its body was hurled into the air, and as it came down, it slammed its iron fists into the ground, producing a shockwave!

Mo Fan’s Blood Tabi had disappeared after running out of energy. He was unable to use Fleeing Shadow either, as the area was well lit because of the flames. The shockwave that the Corpse General fired smashed onto his chest, sending him flying a few dozen meters away...

Following a series of tumbles, Mo Fan landed in some flames. He spat out a mouthful of sand and rose to his feet, holding his chest.

The Black Snake Magic Armor was godly when it came to its defense. The Corpse General was unable to break through the armor, but the impact from the collision could still inflict damage to Mo Fan’s organs.

Mo Fan was about to cast a spell for the counterattack when a burst of poison rain fell from the sky. He immediately dodged aside to hide from it.

Even though the Black Snake Magic Armor was impenetrable by poison, the poison rain had a strong corrosive ability, which could melt anything into a pool of black water. It was hard to tell if anything would go wrong if he were sprinkled by the poison rain.

—

“Water Curtain!”

A dark blue, half-transparent barrier fell like a waterfall into the black sandstorm. A dozen black tentacles that came out from the black sandstorm ended up colliding into the Water Curtain, stopping them from getting any closer to the flying Yao Nan!

Yao Nan stayed behind the Water Curtain. His eyes were staring at the creature hiding in the black sandstorm!

It was an enormous creature, like a human swollen out of shape from obesity, further enlarged a few times. Its stomach was covered in blue veins had taken up two-thirds of its body. Its head was full of tumors and lumps. Its limbs were replaced with tentacles that could poke out from its flesh, capable of extending and contracting at will!

It was impossible to tell how many living things’ life force had been drained away by the creature. How else could it become so big and fleshy, its dangling flesh almost reaching the ground.

“So that’s all you’ve got!”

Yao Nan grinned coldly. With the protection of the Water Curtain, he no longer needed to keep an eye out for an ambush by the flesh tentacles. He began to draw a Star Constellation!

It was the color of frost. One after another, Star Patterns filled with Stars began to appear around Yao Nan, the Star Patterns were connected into Star Orbits, resulting in a magical Star Constellation fully surrounding Yao Nan!

An Ice Star Constellation, an Advanced Spell!

“Icebound Coffin!” Yao Nan’s gaze turned sharp. The icy glow flickered inside his eyes as frost gathered above the black sandstorm...

High up in the sky, where the frost was accumulating, the chime of a funeral bell appeared, followed by a frosty object descending perfectly straight from the sky! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

It was a coffin, an icebound coffin!

The coffin falling from the sky was not sealed tight yet. The heavy object slammed hard onto the Corpse Official. The collision immediately caused the ground to crack, pieces flying in the air!

While the pieces were still floating in the air, strong icy energy spread into the Corpse Official’s surroundings, with the coffin at the center. The splinters turned into ice crystals in the air, while the ground was frozen completely. The Corpse Official’s giant figure was also encapsulated by the huge Icebound Coffin, as if it was sealed off for eternity!

The Icebound Coffin was basically like a glacier mountain in the shape of a coffin. It stood there with a sinister presence, the whole place shivering because of it.

The Corpse Official sealed inside the coffin had no chance of escaping, as the ice crystals were stronger than rocks refined with lava. They were basically indestructible.

Yao Nan glanced at the enormous Corpse Official and panted heavily.

“Luckily, I acquired the Soul-grade Ice Seed, Tear Crystal. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to take this Corpse Official down,” Yao Nan glanced at the sturdy Icebound Coffin. His pale face barely had a smile on it.

“My blood poison has already destroyed the inside of its body, and now it is thoroughly frozen there. Even if the frost didn’t kill it, the blood poison will eventually destroy the undead crystal inside its body, too...

“Poison Element and Ice Element are Elements that are effective in longer battles. If I can level up to Super Level like Du Xiao, please let me awaken a more violent Element, like Fire or Lightning. Otherwise, it’s always troublesome to fight creatures like this one,” he sighed.

“That kid Mo Fan is even crazier. He already has four Elements now! Once he reaches Advanced Level, he’s basically a squad of Magicians with the number of Advanced Spells he will have!”