Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 601: So You Are A Monster Too...

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Fang Youmiao sat on the ground, his mind on the verge of breaking down.

He had speculated that something had happened to Sunny Goat Village. Perhaps they were ransacked by a beast horde. He even thought about the worst possibility that they had all died, but when he learned that the chief Fang Gu had actually killed them all and turned them into living dead, he could not help but feel his soul shivering in fear!

Liu Ru was unable to protect everyone, especially when the living dead grew stronger with the presence of death. She could not free herself when seven or eight living dead surrounded her and attacked at the same time. Zhang Xiaohou was unable to handle the remaining living dead on his own...

“Damn it!” Liu Ru clenched her teeth. A lump of blackness appeared on her palm, which she slammed into the chest of a muscular living dead.

The black clump possessed the ability to devour. When it entered the living dead’s chest, it immediately devoured everything nearby, leaving a huge hole in the zombie’s chest, revealing the dead flesh within.

However, Liu Ru had miscalculated the position of its Undead Crystal. The creature was still able to move freely. Its arms were like steel as they struck Liu Ru’s abdomen...

Liu Ru was sent flying by the hit. Her figure arced ten meters away, before coming to a stop when her ankles touched the bottom of some stairs. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Before Liu Ru could stabilize herself, three living dead with the appearance of youngsters rushed toward her. They were as nimble as monkeys, but they also had extremely sharp claws...

Liu Ru leapt into the air with a kick, and landed on the roof of a building with a backflip.

She reached out her hand and bit down between her thumb and index finger. A few fresh drops of blood started falling from the cut...

Before the blood reached the ground, the drops suddenly sprang forward under Liu Ru’s control, turning into several crimson lines piercing the three young undead kids’ bodies!

“Puppet Control!”

Liu Ru grabbed the lines of blood her fingers, like strings controlling marionettes. The three undead kids’ first appeared to be uncoordinated. However, they soon lunged at three other living dead and attacked with stiff movements!

Fang Gu frowned. The woman was troublesome to deal with. By controlling three of his living dead, she had basically suppressed six of his minions at once!

The outsider, who was a Battlemage was also not weak, either. He was able to keep three or four living dead busy at once. If the fight were to drag on like this, he would not have time to run away once the Hunters patrolling the city arrived!

“Humph, I’ll just kill one more!”

A black gas rose from Fang Gu’s palm, and spiraled toward one of the muscular living dead nearby.

The muscular zombie’s eyes suddenly became bloodshot. Its veins seemed like they were about to burst open from its skin, while its bones emitted rapid crackling noises...

In just a few seconds, the muscular living dead suddenly grew bigger in size. Its dark blue body resembled the hue of blue iron, sturdy and savage!

The muscular living dead quickly made its move, knocking down Zhang Xiaohou’s Rock Barrier fiercely. A huge chunk of the wall crumbled to the ground, yet the creature was perfectly unharmed!

It rammed into the last line of defense and grabbed onto a villager trying to run away. The strength of his arms was like steel, so overwhelming that it simply snapped the villager’s neck in half!

Fang Gu knew that the City Hunters were almost here. He could not care less about torturing the villagers before killing them. His aim was to butcher every single one of them! Otherwise, once they escaped somewhere safe, it would be even harder for him to target them. Most importantly, he was lucky that the Magician with Fire and Lightning was not around. Otherwise, his army of the dead would simply have been wiped out completely!

When Liu Ru heard the eerie sound produced by the villager’s neck snapping, her blood fangs were exposed as an uncontrollable rage surged in her chest.

Before Liu Ru was turned into a vampire, she was just an ordinary girl. Back then, even when a stray cat or dog died, she would feel sad for quite a while, let alone the life of a human, no different than other teenage girls. Even though she had become a nightwalker, one of the Blood Tribe who were commonly involved in darkness, gore, and death, it did not necessarily mean she was heartless enough to ignore the death of innocent people happening right in front of her!

The well water of Sunny Goat Village running dry was most likely just a natural disaster. The people of Hua Village had decided not to help them as they were too concerned about their limited supply of well water. The villagers had to rely on the protection of the God of the Well to stay alive. If they had not chased the other villagers away, they would have been the ones dying in the end.

Even though the people of Hua Village were inhumane, they were left with no other choice. However, Fang Gu had blamed them for the death of his people. Despite being a Magician, he abused the power of the Undead Element and stopped his people from finding peace, controlling them to bring disaster upon other people. His actions were unforgivable!

Liu Ru scanned the place and discovered that there were only four or five villagers remaining. While still controlling the three undead kids, she smoothly glided down onto the back of the enraged muscular zombie...

Her fragile body was almost attached to its big back. When it swung around, Liu Ru quickly followed its movement, allowing her to stick to its back weirdly!

When it switched its target to the next villager, Liu Ru suddenly held herself in place. Her exposed white fangs struck the living dead’s neck like snakes!

The muscular living dead swiftly reacted, throwing its steely arms wildly at her...

Some of Liu Ru’s bones fractured and were smashed into pieces by the blows, yet she did not loosen her bite. Her poisonous saliva spread rapidly inside its body.

A few seconds ago, the living dead was utterly fierce and savage, trying to get Liu Ru off its back. However, a short breath later, its body began to stiffen like an aged coil spring.

The Blood Tribe was able to secrete two types of poison when enjoying their meals. One of them was effective at corrupting the target’s blood, destroying the tissues and organs inside the body in a short period of time... which included the important Undead Crystal, too...

Therefore, when someone from the Blood Tribe managed to bite their prey, it would almost be impossible for them to escape.

Liu Ru knew it was difficult for her to eliminate a zombie whose body was as hard as steel in a short time. The quickest way was to rely on the Blood Tribe’s brute force method. Any other capabilities that the Blood Tribe possessed were incomparable to their fangs. Even when fighting against a much higher-leveled creature, a bite that lasted for only a few seconds would simply drain the life of their target away rapidly.

Liu Ru killed the powerful zombie at the cost of a few of her bones. It was enough to save the villagers that had escaped from the residence. They were just kids, there was no way Liu Ru would allow Fang Gu to kill them all!

“So, you’re a monster too...” Fang Gu glanced at Liu Ru, whose mouth was smeared with blood, grinning coldly.

“What one is doesn’t make them a monster, it’s more about what they do!” Liu Ru wiped the blood from her lips and stared at Fang Gu.