Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 610: Imperial Magicians

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“The streets ahead are filled with undead, what’s going on?!” yelled Mu Bai.

The remaining walls should be able to hold the undead army off for some time, yet why were the streets already filled with so many phantoms, zombies, and skeletons? They were simply chasing and tearing away at any human they stumbled into. The streets were immediately covered in corpses...

“Run, quick, or else the Corpse Official will be targeting us!” Shorty yelled at the other three.

As he shouted, the eyes of the Flesh Mound Corpse Official, which had just disgorged over a thousand undead, slowly moved in their direction. It was clear that the creature was able to specifically detect the presence of Magicians!

The group knew that they stood no chance against a Commander-level undead with their current strength. They were left with no choice but to flee for their lives. If the Corpse Official decided to hunt them down, it would be too late for them to run away!

The four immediately headed for the alleyway nearby, using the buildings for cover. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Above them, only a tiny glimpse of the sky could be seen in the tiny alleyway. They could still catch a glimpse of the Flesh Mound Corpse Officials hurtling across the rainy sky, being thrown deeper into the city.

If each of the Flesh Mound Corpse Officials were able to carry over a thousand undead inside them, in just a few minutes, the undead would simply fill every corner of the city...

The scene was absolutely terrifying. Even Magicians had to flee like mice. It was not an exaggeration to describe the Ancient Capital as on the verge of being overrun.

—–

The rain continued to fall, but the giant golden barrier looming over the inner city provided no resistance to the raindrops. It continued to fall on the streets, covering the historical buildings in the Ancient Capital...

A bell tower stood at the heart of the city. A golden beam of light was rising off it into the sky, serving as the main pillar of the golden barrier opening up like an umbrella above. The arc-shaped light fell right on the perimeter of the inner walls. In addition to that, the four corners of the walls also had Light Formations supporting it.

The entrance to the inner city was wide open. A huge crowd was pushing their way through the entrance. The only reason they were able to escape was because they were not far from the inner walls when the purple alert was sounded.

The inner walls were not huge, but they were protected by the magic barrier. The seemingly ordinary walls were fairly sturdy. Even Commander-level creatures would have a hard time knocking them down.

At the north entrance of the inner walls, the An Yuan Gate that was normally not open to the public was currently occupied by many Magicians. The authorities standing on the observation corridor above the An Yuan Gate were frowning while they waited for the Magic Association to make a decision.

Below the tower, loud curses were rising.

Even the most unpleasant words were being shouted now. When the terrified crowd saw the people standing in the tower on standby, they simply assumed the authorities had no intention of eliminating the undead invading the city. They felt that these Magicians were not worthy of respect, they were only a bunch of cold-blooded animals concerned about looking after themselves...

“Captain, the people are just going to be more disappointed if we wait any longer!” blurted out a young Imperial Magician in panic.

Their curses were extremely unpleasant to the ears, leaving the Magician who was not as focused as the others flushed red.

Weren’t Magicians suppose to step forward at times like this, especially the Imperial Magicians, referred to as The Honorable Magicians by the people of the Ancient Capital!?

The Imperial Magicians were the elite members from the Magic Association, comparable to the Magicians of the Magic Palace. Every single Imperial Magician was an elite specifically chosen from different places. Their squad was also known as the Shield of the City.

However, these Imperial Magicians were ordered to stand here at the inner walls instead. They could not do anything apart from watching the city fall to massive destruction, while the undead were devouring the outer walls like a black tide, covering the streets, the buildings, the open areas, and the crowd...

“Zuo Feng, stay calm!” snapped another Imperial Magician.

“But aren’t you seeing this too? If we continue to hide here instead of driving the undead out of the city, we are not worthy to be called Imperial Magicians!” yelled Zuo Feng in agitation.

The purple and gold-robed captain of the Imperial Magicians simply cast a cold glance at the man called Zuo Feng without saying a word.

A messenger rushed up to the Magicians quickly and blurted out a few words into the ears of the captain.

The captain raised his head. His sharp eyes glanced at the Flesh Mound Corpse Officials scattered across the streets, the parks, the shopping malls, and the buildings coldly!

“All Imperial Magicians, listen up!” the captain suddenly spoke up, his voice ringing out as firmly as the sound of iron being forged!

At that instant, the Magicians in purple robes came to attention. Even the cold raindrops falling from the sky were turning into ice before their auras!

Only Advanced Magicians were allowed to join the Imperial Magicians. How terrifying was the aura produced when a bunch of Advanced Magicians focused?

“Eliminate the Flesh Mound Corpse Officials!” the captain ordered loudly.

As soon as the command was given, it turned out that a third of the Imperial Magicians had the ability to fly. They either drew Star Constellation to summon Wind Wings, or activated their Wing Magical Equipment and soar into the sky. The well-trained Magicians instantly formed into groups of three and flew straight for the Flesh Mound Corpse Officials!

Corpse Officials were creatures that normally required a group of Advanced Magicians to eliminate them, yet these Imperial Magicians in purple robes only split into groups of three. They were utterly fearless facing the Corpse Officials that continued to fall from the sky!

An Advanced Magician would either possess the ability to fly or have mounts to travel around. Those who were unable to fly were not slow, either. They were traveling across the roofs and the tall buildings, flying across the skies above the crowd...

As soon as the Imperial Magicians moved out, a loud cheer immediately arose. The purple-robed Advanced Magicians flew into the distance and soon arrived in all corners of the huge city.

The captain of the Imperial Magicians stayed on the tower. His gaze never left the scene before him.

The messenger from before was still standing beside him. He could not help but ask, “Lu Huan, if I’m not mistaken, your family should be in City South.”

“Mm,” Captain Lu Huan nodded.

“Any news?” asked the messenger.

Lu Huan shook his head.

The messenger fell silent. He glanced at Lu Huan’s determined face, which was still filled with worry.

Most of the time, those in crucial positions were the ones without the freedom to act independently.

As the strongest Super Magician at An Yuan Gate, his job was to kill the bone creature in the sky when it approached...

Apart from that, he was not allowed to go anywhere, or do anything!

He had seen lots of fresh blood being shed, and the piles of bodies on the ground. As a Super Magician, he could have saved them easily with a Super Spell, yet he could not do it. Expending his energy might save those people’s lives, but it might also make him lose to the Nether Bone Ruler.

Once he lost, it would no longer just be a group of people dying, but the whole city!