Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 633: Sanguinary Red Skeleton!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The flames erupted once again. Even though it was not as powerful as the first time Mo Fan was possessed by the Flame Belle, the fourth-tier Fiery Fist was already violent and surging. The female deacon was not a very experienced Advanced Magician. Her defense was punctured, and her severely injured body was unlikely to survive Mo Fan’s fourth-tier Fiery Fist!

“Fiery Fist: Nine Dragons!”

Mo Fan was a lot faster at drawing Star Patterns than he was in the past. Being able to draw a Star Orbit with a single thought allowed him to instantly finish a Star Pattern. The blazing red energy of the Rose Flame circled him!

The fiery dragons burst forward and spread out in the shape of a burning fan formed from nine dragons. The lava splattered and the sparks splintered. The plants in the park were burned into ashes, while the raindrops falling from the sky evaporated instantly from the heat unleashed by the Fist...

The woman was enraged and ashamed. The pain in her chest and the burns from the flames were disrupting her channeling speed. She barely summoned out some pieces of ice when the nine fiery dragons lunged at her.

The ice pieces combined into six steely chains the color of ice. They completely intertwined with one another before colliding with the nine dragons.

The female deacon’s Ice Lock was obviously only at the third-tier, and since the collision between the fire and ice was very close to her, she was still caught in the impact of the explosion. Her armor could no longer provide any defense, and the shock wave sent her flying again, almost hurled into the street!

The ice chains broke into pieces inside the flames, and soon melted into water. The woman never expected she would be in such a pinch, even though she was an Advanced Magician!

She had been too careless. If she knew her opponent had the fourth-tier Fiery Fist, she would have used her subordinates as cannon fodder, giving her the chance to finish him with the Advanced Spell Icebound Coffin!

Now, she was in a very disadvantageous position. She had no chance to draw an Ice Star Constellation!

“Damn it, if my Water Element had reached the Advanced Level too, I would have easily defeated this kid!” The woman clumsily climbed over the fence of the park.

The Advanced Water Spell, Water Curtain, was the perfect defensive barrier. If she had the chance to construct a Water Curtain before channeling an Advanced Spell, the kid would have no chance of harming her even if his fist wore out!

She had to admit that her Advanced Level Ice Element was completely suppressed by her opponent’s ability!

“What are you waiting for? Kill him!” Her skin was already festering from the burns. She screamed at her other five subordinates like a monster.

The five Black Clergy were Intermediate Magicians, too. Although they would most likely be killed by the kid with a single punch, anything was better than her, a Blue Deacon, dying!

The five Black Clergy were dumbfounded.

Two of their comrades had already been already blasted into ashes just a few moments ago, even after they were shielded by a Light Protection: Sacred Shield and a Rock Barrier...

The power of the punch that the Fire Magician threw was too destructive for them to handle!

However, if they did not make their move, they would all die, too. As such, they proceeded to command the Cursed Beasts and start drawing Star Patterns.

Five Black Clergy attacking simultaneously was not to be underestimated. Each of them was able to cast Intermediate Spells, but their channeling speed was too slow compared to Mo Fan’s, not to mention their lack of Soul Seeds.

Star Patterns of different colors appeared under their feet. Soon, the brown-haired Black Clergyman completed a Plant Spell. Green vines began to grow from the ground under his feet.

At the same time, a crimson-red shadow appeared behind him. Its icy, emotionless eyes were staring down at the Plant Magician’s head!

The crimson-red shadow attacked at lightning speed. Its skeletal hand grabbed the man’s head and crushed it to pieces, like it was pinching a watermelon!

The Plant Magician was totally clueless about what just happened. His eyes popped out and fell to the ground, still in a widened state, as if he was trying to see what had killed him. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

The other four Black Clergy were still busy drawing Star Patterns. Their bodies were splattered with blood before they could react. One of them turned around and shockingly discovered an enraged skeleton standing there!

-Un...undead?

-But when did this undead?...-

The crimson-red steel skeleton was utterly savage. It grabbed another Black Clergyman and tore him in half with brute force.

Not far away, Su Xiaoluo and another villager almost fainted. They had witnessed death before, but never as gruesome as this.

The blood-red skeleton was incredibly fast. After it killed two of the Black Clergy instantly, it suddenly thrust its arm forward. The limb transformed into a long spear, puncturing the chest of another Black Clergyman.

The Black Clergyman was stuck on the skeleton’s arm. He did not die instantly, yet he was flung to the ground by the skeleton like trash, his life force and blood draining away slowly.

The remaining two Black Clergy reacted fairly quickly. They immediately summoned their Cursed Beasts back to protect themselves.

Two Cursed Beasts made it back in time and pounced at the skeleton’s head and legs, trying to destroy it with their sharp claws.

A piercing metallic screech resulted. The two Cursed Beasts basically hit a piece of steel, leaving only faint marks on the skeleton.

The crimson-red skeleton grabbed the head of the Cursed Beast that was running toward it and slammed it in the direction of the other Cursed Beast...

The two Cursed Beasts collided with one another and fell to the cement stairs, which were destroyed. By the time they got back to their feet, the arms of the crimson-red skeleton had swiftly transformed into bone hammers.

The bone hammers rose above its head, and struck down fiercely at the Cursed Beasts stacked on top of one another. The cement of the lot immediately cracked for ten meters around the impact point, like a great spiderweb!

The bone hammers were lifted up and sent down again. A ring of dust drifted into the air, while splinters and bloody flesh splattered across the place!

The crimson-red skeleton leapt into the air. This time, it stretched the bone hammers into a full crescent and with a thunderous roar, slammed them down like a bolt of crimson-red lightning.

The two Cursed Beasts did not have a chance to struggle. As the stairs were smashed into a pit, the minced meat the creatures had turned into simply filled up the hole.

Such violence and rage left the two remaining Black Clergy trembling in fear.

When they finally remembered to run away, the shadow of the bone hammers loomed over them...