Chapter 646: The Dark Abyss Strikes the City

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan really thought Great Deacon Hu Jin had completely lost it. It was dumb to try negotiating with these crazy maniacs.

However, when Mo Fan followed Mu He’s passionate gaze, he somehow felt like his understanding of the world was completely toppled!

Lu Huan was fighting the Nether Bone Ruler in the sky. Waves of energy continuously rippled in the air, but the space they were fighting in was peeling off!

The area drenched in the rain was devoured like wallpaper peeling off from the walls!

The gaps that appeared were immersed in chaos, like a black hole had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, although there was something else in it, apart from darkness.

The space fell apart and twisted. The chaotic black hole slowly spread larger. It expanded from a little black dot into a huge gap under the sky!

It looked like a gap from here, but it was most likely a shocking chasm in the air!

The twisted space extended to the clouds. Even the thick clouds were torn apart, leaving an obvious hole between the sections, as if a piece of the sky had just fallen...

“Is that...” Han Ji’s eyes almost popped out from his sunken eye sockets.

Zhu Meng and Du Xiao were standing close to Mo Fan. They were both staring into the distance in shock. They simply could not believe what they were seeing.

The twisted space gradually fell to the ground. The huge gap of emptiness continued to expand, and gradually turned into a chaotic spinning vortex of blackness!

The ground beneath the gap sank rapidly all of a sudden.

The place was already crawling with undead, yet as the ground sank, over ten thousand undead simply fell into the hole. They could see the undead in the form of black dots pouring into the hole like raindrops... Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

No one knew how deep exactly the ground had sunken. It totally looked like the entrance to Hell slowly opening up, or some astonishingly large creature opening up its throat!

Cries of phantoms and the roars of undead were rising nonstop!

The most terrifying, chilliest sound in the world appeared from the huge pit that had been formed in just an instant. It was the combination of the cries uttered by tens of thousand phantoms simultaneously. They were truly the cries of Hell, filled with utter despair, hatred, and utmost pain!

Even though they could not see the scene inside the pit, they could simply imagine what it would look like down there from the overwhelming cries of the army of undead!

“It’s the Dark Abyss!” Someone exclaimed all of a sudden, sending chills down the spines of everyone, as their limbs began to tremble and their scalps began to turn numb!

The furnace of Hell!

A place where the zombies were stacked into mountains, the skeletons were covering the surface, and the phantoms as huge as the size of clouds floating around...

It was the legendary black zone: the Dark Abyss!

The hatred and presence of death were so overwhelming that they simply twisted the space. Almost every Magician believed that it was the entrance to Hell. The real Hell was lying right beneath it!

Everyone’s eyes seemed to be attracted to the black hole, their spirits draining away.

However, Hu Jin’s piercing laugh was still echoing in their ears, dealing suffocating blows to their fragile souls.

“HAHAHA, that’s the answer you are looking for... The greatest Necromancer in history has placed his imperial tomb right there, a place scarier than Hell! Feel free to go and negotiate with him, HAHAHAHA!” Mu He burst out laughing.

His face was completely twisted from his laugh, yet his passionate eyes were staring at the Dark Abyss with utmost sincerity, and a hint of excitement as if he was enjoying the spectacular view of a starry sky.

“Are you saying that the Ancient King’s imperial tomb is inside the Dark Abyss?” blurted out the mysterious man in fear. Even with the mask, everyone could see the muscles on his face twitching.

The Dark Abyss, the answer was the Dark Abyss!

“My God, is that even somewhere a human can go!?”

“A black zone, a forbidden place for humans...”

Most people on the clock tower were Super Magicians, yet the timidity they were displaying when facing the Dark Abyss was not much different than the helpless commoners trying to survive from the calamity!

No wonder the Black Vatican was so fearless. No wonder Mu He was willing to trade the answer they sought for Salan’s life. As a matter of fact, knowing the answer did not bring any difference to the situation, unless someone was able to walk out from the Dark Abyss unharmed?

That was simply impossible, even for Han Ji, who was the strongest Magician among them.

“Lu Huan and the Nether Bone Ruler are being dragged toward the Dark Abyss!” someone screamed all of a sudden.

An uproar took place on the clock tower. With their attention drawn by the Dark Abyss, they had completely forgotten that Lu Huan was fighting the Nether Bone Ruler inside the chaotic vortex right above the Dark Abyss!

The dark gap from before had expanded into an actual black hole. They could see the air vortex slowly yet forcibly tearing the space apart. Both Lu Huan and Nether Bone Ruler were caught by the force. They tried to escape from it, yet their bodies were gradually being dragged toward the furnace of Hell underneath them!

That was one of the strongest Super Magicians and a Ruler Skeleton, yet even they could not escape from the power of the black forbidden area?

The people of the city were watching Lu Huan with their heart stuck in their throats. It felt like their thoughts were being dragged into the Dark Abyss together with their hero, like a helpless man stepping into a huge swamp...

Mo Fan was experiencing a tremendous shock too, his eyes wide open. He initially thought Lu Huan could break free from the Dark Abyss with his strength, yet both he and the Nether Bone Ruler were being dragged toward the entrance of Hell.

As soon as they fell into the pit, it somehow felt like the Dark Abyss had grown slightly larger.

Mo Fan stared at the pit. He was still clinging onto the final glimpse of hope, hoping that Lu Huan would still make his way out of the Dark Abyss, yet it did not happen.

Lu Huan had fallen into the pit, so had the Nether Bone Ruler. The Dark Abyss did not distinguish between humans and undead. The Nether Bone Ruler was in a panic, as it too would be turned into nothing inside the pit!

Silence!

The whole place was immersed in dead silence, as if every sound wave was sucked into the bottom of the terrifying abyss!

The curtain of rain remained connected to the clouds. The army of undead was covering the horizon.

Between the gray sky and the dark ground was a space vortex that seemed to be leading to a different world and the terrifying Dark Abyss. It was a scene that no one could comprehend, one that everyone thought could only appear in a nightmare!

“By the way, as a token of sincerity from the Black Vatican, I can also tell you another piece of information. Can you kindly release the rest of the authorities?” Hu Jin smiled after he finished enjoying the spectacular scene.

Han Ji was frozen in his spot. He seemed soulless when he gave the command.

The Imperial Magicians let the rest of the authorities go. Lu Xu, Ling Xi, Li Yujian, and the others were released, one after another. However, when they saw the nightmarish scenery before them, they somehow felt like the place was no better than Hell!