Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 670: Advanced Level Transformation

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The black ash blown into the air slowly dissipated. Mo Fan subconsciously took a deep breath.

The number of undead that was eliminated by a single cast of Fiery Fist was nowhere enough compared to the total number of undead, but that did not mean Mo Fan would stand there waiting for his death!

Perfect timing, time to kill at will, it took him great effort just to reach the Advanced Level!

Mo Fan charged at the undead at full speed.

The number of undead was too deadly for the people behind him. Mo Fan did not want them to get any closer to his crew. As such, he had no choice but to step forward to stop the tide of undead.

Zhang Xiaohou was shocked when he saw Mo Fan charging into the undead.

Mo Fan’s speed was extremely quick even without the aid of any spell. He was as fast as someone under the effect of the Basic Spell Wind Track!

Upon leveling up to the Advanced Level, not only did it strengthen his mind, his physical attributes improved dramatically too. It was also the reason why Advanced Magicians did not only fight Commander-level creatures distantly. They were not at a disadvantage when fighting close combat too.

Mo Fan had clearly sensed the difference. The physical buffs provided by his Nebula was almost negligible. He had to rely on spells most of the time. Without magic, he was only an ordinary human that was slightly more agile.

However, the Advanced Level was a different story. The physical attributes of an Advanced Magician were entirely different than the Intermediate Level. Their jumping, sprinting, dodging and reaction times were comparable to lower-level demon creatures. Even when jumping right into a pack of demon creatures, it did not necessarily mean that the Magician would have trouble surviving!

Mo Fan had already felt it in the hall. The Fire Nebula had further strengthened his flesh. Therefore, he had decided to kill the undead as sacrifices for his recent level up!

Flipping his hands simultaneously, two bright flames burst alive on his palms. Mo Fan basically finished the two Fire Bursts in an instant.

In terms of speed and reflexes, Mo Fan was faster than the Servant-class undead. He quickly weaved past two poisonous zombies like a sparrow gliding through the woods and slammed the Fire Bursts on his hands on their bodies...

Leaving the flames behind, Mo Fan had already moved a few meters away. With a thought, the two Fire Bursts on the zombies exploded instantly!

It was too easy to kill two Servant-class zombies instantly with the fourth-tier Fire Burst. As a matter of fact, if two undead were standing closely together, a single Fire Burst would be enough to send them both to Hell.

Oh, wait, they were already there...

The two Fire Bursts exploded behind Mo Fan, staggering the skeletons that were following him. Mo Fan did not bother wasting his time on the skeletons. His gaze was fixed on a strong presence that he had sensed.

It was a Skeleton General. It was only as tall as a ten-year-old kid, thus it was easy to disregard its presence. Mo Fan would have had a hard time noticing the skeleton before, but he was now an Advanced Magician. His strong will was able to detect the presence of stronger creatures among the undead almost instantly!

“Giant Shadow Spike!” Mo Fan straightaway charged toward the Skeleton General with black energy circling around his finger.

As Mo Fan shot the black energy forward, it turned into a flickering cold spike, punching into the Skeleton General which thought it had concealed its presence well.

The Skeleton General was only a small Warrior-level creature, its strength was nowhere close to the Hatchet Corpse General. The Giant Shadow Spike completely sealed off its movements as it nailed the creature to the spot. It could not even move its fingers, let alone try to break free from it!

As soon as Mo Fan had the Skeleton General under control, eight skeletons with white bone sabers appeared on both sides. Their hands had turned into the bone sabers to cut anything blocking in their path. The sabers were aimed at different parts of Mo Fan’s body. Two were swung at Mo Fan’s head, while three were slashing at his chest. The rest were aiming at his limbs...

Mo Fan was planning to eliminate the little Skeleton General in one go; his eyes flickered coldly when he discovered the guards trying to protect their general. His pupils glowed purple!

The energy of lightning!

His arms were wrapped in arcs of lightning as electrical discharges surrounded him while producing crackling noises.

“Lightning Strike!”

The lightning arcs spread out and quickly filled the area within twenty meters of Mo Fan like eels, turning the place into an electric field!

The eight skeletons had already raised their bone sabers, yet their speed was no match for the lightning. The paralyzing effect immediately nullified their attacks!

The Lightning Element was indeed overwhelming. Most of the time, Mo Fan subconsciously used the Lightning Strike as a control spell to secure a safe space around him. After all, nothing could compare to its paralyzing effect. On top of that, its damage was fairly outstanding, too. Four of the eight skeletons were killed instantly!

Among the Basic Spells, only the Lightning Element possessed such strength!

The wind started blowing. It grew from a breeze to a green slashing tornado right behind Mo Fan!

The wind dragged the skeletons and the undead following behind Mo Fan into the air and tore them into pieces. Blood and pieces of bones were scattered across the place.

Mo Fan knew it was Zhang Xiaohou’s attack without needing to turn his head around. The enemies behind him were eliminated, allowing him to focus on killing the impaired Skeleton General!

The Warrior-level creatures posed the biggest threat to the group, after all. They would hide among the other undead and ambush them. Those without outstanding defensive equipment would be killed by a single blow...

“Die!” Mo Fan walked up to the Skeleton General and threw a fist at its shiny, smooth skull. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The fist burst into flames as he launched it. When it landed on the Skeleton General’s face, flames like lava burst forward. The impaired Skeleton General was knocked fifty meters away...

His path had other skeletons along it, too. They were also devoured by the flames of the Fiery Fist!

It was obvious that the tiny Skeleton General was not very strong at all. The explosion produced by the Fiery Fist: Exploding Heaven right in its face was enough to kill it...

However, at the place where the Skeleton General’s bones landed in pieces, a two-faced phantom ten meters tall uttered an enraged roar!

Ten meters, it was the height of a three-story building. Its presence and aura were a lot stronger than the Skeleton General. Even their faces were hurting from the wind that was produced by the roar!