Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 676: Thousand Piercing Fire Feathers!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Don’t cry, they must be enjoying the pleasure of seeing us scared, but we’ll let them know that they should be the one feeling scared!” Mo Fan looked at the little Flame Belle floating in front of him and fondled her chubby, boiling cheeks!

Little Flame Belle reached out her hands and rubbed her eyes, yet the blazing red crystal tears were still falling down. She could not stop crying.

She did not know what would happen next. Her mind was linked with Mo Fan’s. Ever since she was born, she could clearly sense Mo Fan’s emotions, including now.

Mo Fan was scared, and the Flame Belle was even more scared. No one would feel relaxed when death approached. The little Flame Belle was withholding her tears as she understood that even when Mo Fan was scared, he had never given up!

Even against ten thousand skeletons, a whole army of skeletons, even when he was scared, he would still fight until the end instead of sitting there waiting for his death!

“Ling~” Little Flame Belle stopped rubbing the unstoppable crystal tears. She understood Mo Fan’s heart. She turned around and unleashed a wave of flames...

The blazing wave was twenty meters high. Little Flame Belle stood on top of the wave that was rolling toward the ocean of skeletons. Both little Flame Belle’s tiny figure and the twenty-meter high fire wave was minuscule compared to the enormous skeleton army...

The red dot in the middle of white would continue to burn as long as it was still alive. Little Flame Belle wanted to be Mo Fan’s vanguard. She knew both Mo Fan and she were going to die, but she would construct the greatest tomb for themselves with the skeletons before her death!

“Little Flame Belle!” Mo Fan could not stop little Flame Belle. He felt like his heart was stabbed by a knife when he saw her charging into the middle of the ocean of skeletons.

Mo Fan tried to catch up to little Flame Belle with Fleeing Shadow, yet the little Flame Belle was too quick. She had already disappeared into the ocean of skeletons in the blink of an eye. Mo Fan could barely see the flames sprouting into the sky in the chaos!

The Calamity Fire soared through the air in the shape of a fiery bird with fully extended wings. As little Flame Belle pointed her short finger, the fiery bird glided along one meter above the ground. Its burning wings knocked row after row of skeletons to the ground, and the brown-red Calamity Fire set them aflame, burning the white skeletons into black ash!

A long, burning carpet spread across the ground. The gorgeous fiery bird finally shrunk in size after flying fifty meters. Every time it set a skeleton on fire, a portion of the flame it was made of would spread to the skeleton. The number of skeletons was just too overwhelming. Even the majestic fiery bird was stopped by the walls of skeletons after covering a short distance.

The skeleton army was enraged after being challenged by the little Flame Belle. The skeletons began to produce bone spikes from their bodies, which they hurled at the little Flame Belle’s location like a rain of bones.

Each bone spike and bone spear was incredibly sharp. They even pierced the rocky ground and stuck upright. The little Flame Belle weaved through the bones while unleashing high-temperature flames to burn the bones into ash.

Initially, the bone spikes and spears could not touch little Flame Belle, but the rate of them pouring down was too high. They could easily extinguish the little Flame Belle’s flames.

It was impossible to tell how many skeletons were attacking little Flame Belle simultaneously. The fire ring circling little Flame Belle fell dim after lasting for only a few seconds. Many bone spikes were flying past her!

Little Flame Belle was made of flames. When she received damage, the flames at her injured parts would disappear. Her body already had several dark spots after only a breath or three. If the dark spots appeared at some of the relatively important parts, she would dissipate.

“Ying!~” Little Flame Belle screeched. It was impractical for an Elemental Creature in her Youth Phase to fight such an overwhelming number of skeletons. Little Flame Belle was injured from the endless attacks. Her fierce Calamity Fire was suppressed by the rain of bones the skeletons were producing!

Her Calamity Fire was not strong enough. If her Calamity Fire was as strong as the Fiery Sorceress’ Calamity Fire, she could easily burn the ocean of skeletons into ash in an instant.

Little Flame Belle initially had the urge to cry for help, yet she clenched her teeth and forcibly excited the fire source inside her body!

She was a fire spirit, a blessed entity nurtured by nature. The heavenly flames would surely annihilate these filthy dead creatures!

Stronger, fiercer, she would surely burn them all into ash!

Little Flame Belle let out a scream. It felt like something detonated inside her tiny body. The brown Calamity Fire turned into fiery feathers and formed a giant pair of fiery wings on her!

One of the fiery wings was flung toward the left, swiping a long fiery line in that direction. It burst into enormous fire tongues as it landed on the ground, spreading to the sides...

The fiery slash covered a distance of thirty meters. The flames that spread out were around seventy meters wide. The legs of the skeletons there caught on fire, and fell to the ground in large groups. Their bones scattered across the place and burned in the flames!

The other fiery wing swiped in the other direction. The slash ignited a line of flames which blossomed into a virtual forest of flames. The skeletons who were caught in the area fell to the ground in groups!

Lots of skeletons were falling to the ground, but even more skeletons were appearing. In just a few seconds, the fiery woods were extinguished after being trampled continuously. Hundreds of white skeletons with bone swords appeared around the Flame Belle, swinging their sword-shaped arms at little Flame Belle, raining stacks of swords and sabers upon her!

Little Flame Belle did not give up. She uttered a cry and extended the wings made of fiery feathers. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Hundred, thousands of pieces of fiery feathers circled little Flame Belle. As she spun around once, she launched the fiery crystals in all directions!

Each of the fiery feathers was explosive. When they made contact with something, they exploded instantly.

It felt like thousands of firecrackers were ignited at the same time. Every fiery feather landed on a skeleton, and the area within two hundred meters from little Flame Belle was covered in little explosions. The simultaneous explosions on the skeletons combined into a huge explosive sphere, resulting in a spectacular, blazing sight!