Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 679: Blazing Fire Sword!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

A sprout of flame swept through the air with a combination of brown and blazing red colors, clearly contrasting between the two kinds of flames.

Mo Fan’s fist was trembling. He had lost count how many times he had launched the flames. The energy of his Fire Element would have depleted long ago if he was still an Intermediate Magician!

Little Flame Belle did not leave Mo Fan’s body, allowing him to utilize some of her power.

Even after killing so many skeletons, the army of skeletons showed no sign of decreasing. Mo Fan raised his head and helplessly discovered that the Meteorite Fist: Nine Dragons that was comparable to an Advanced Spell slowly fell dim among the skeletons.

This time, more than ten formations of skeletons were marching toward him. Each formation consisted of about sixty Iron Ball Skeletons!

He had no idea how the skeletons ended up in their current appearance. An extremely heavy bone shaped like a ball had grown on their spine. The bone was the size of an adult’s head. The skeletons were able to remove the ball-shaped bone from their spines and joined it with a long bone on their shoulders. Their attack was simply removing the bone from their shoulder and flinging it around like a flail!

One or two skeletons of this kind were not scary, but when around six hundred of them were waving their flails wildly under the command of some creatures with higher lineage, the situation suddenly became gruesome.

Mo Fan and little Flame Belle had already eliminated almost a thousand undead. Their next opponent was the army of Iron Ball Skeletons. Their white, heavy ball-shaped bones were swinging in the air noisily!

Taking a deep breath, Mo Fan charged toward the formations of skeletons once again.

When possessed by little Flame Belle, Mo Fan too could ride the wave of flames like her...

As he dashed forward, a tide of flames over twenty meters tall rolled forward. Mo Fan nimbly leapt onto the tide, letting the heat drag him forward!

As Mo Fan approached the first formation of Iron Ball Skeletons, he leapt into the air. He had turned a little red just a moment ago, and suddenly unleashed more than ten lumps of fire. These lumps completely encapsulated him, forming a giant meteorite burning fiercely in the air!

The meteorite that Mo Fan had transformed into slammed into the ground, leaving a brilliant trail of fire along its path.

The burning meteorite collided with the formation of skeletons, resulting in a brief, deafening blast. The sound was produced when the ground cracked from the enormous impact!

The next second, pieces of rocks from the shattered ground were propelled in all directions. A terrifying shockwave spread through the surroundings with Mo Fan as the center, knocking the Iron Ball Skeletons flying and spinning into the air!

They were either shattered by the shrapnel or knocked flying by the shockwave, it was only the prelude as the meteorite landed on the ground. The real threat was the fire that had instantly covered an area with the size of a lake!

With the aid of the shockwave, the flames expanded over a hundred meters outward in concentric rings. The rows of Servant-class skeletons shattered simultaneously as soon as the flames touched them!

Mo Fan had rarely fought together with little Flame Belle. He knew that it would result in adverse side-effects to the growth of little Flame Belle, since she was still in the Youth Phase. She had yet to reach the Fiery Sorceress’ level, thus she had yet to master the ability to possess someone. The longer Mo Fan used her ability, the more damage it would cause her.

However, he did not have a choice in the current situation. Not only was little Flame Belle using all her energy to fight the skeletons, Mo Fan was also bearing a greater burden than his body could afford in the fight!

Several formations of Iron Ball Skeletons had surrounded Mo Fan when the first formation was wiped out. They lifted their bone flails and slammed the ground frantically. White bones went flying everywhere around the place.

Mo Fan weaved through the flying bones, but still suffered powerful impacts from the heavy ball-shaped bones. The Black Snake Armor managed to block most of the damage, but the pain still lingered Most importantly, Mo Fan totally lost his balance under the continuous attacks.

“Shadow Clone!”

Mo Fan was tired of being knocked around by the heavy blows. He quickly hid in a shadow which split into a fake decoy moving away rapidly.

The skeletons still had some intelligence. When they saw something moving after losing their target, they immediately chased after the shadow and continued to hurl their ball-shaped bones at it. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Mo Fan remained stationary in his position. When the shadow clone left the area, Mo Fan saw the Iron Ball Skeletons moving toward it. Their bodies were stacked on top of one another into half a mountain!

The scene was rather exaggerated. An ordinary Magician would have no chance of surviving.

“I’ll wipe them out in one blow!”

Little Flame Belle was synchronized with him while possessing him. She accumulated the flames and gave Mo Fan the ability to control their form.

With a thought, Mo Fan discovered that both the Rose Flame and Calamity Fire were completely under his control. Magicians had to rely on the energy of the Stars to unleash the power of Fire Element, but a unique Elemental Creature like little Flame Belle was able to control fire with her thoughts. Little Flame Belle’s supply of energy was limited, but Mo Fan’s fresh new Fire Element Galaxy had granted Mo Fan an abundant supply of energy, allowing him to utilize little Flame Belle’s control over the flames with ease!

“Flame sword!”

Mo Fan focused his thoughts. Even though he was still getting used to it, the energy of the Fire Element gathered in front of him rapidly.

It grew from a little fire sprout to a huge flame. However, the flame did not burn uncontrollably. It simply accumulated in front of Mo Fan and took the shape of a long object!

Like a weapon being forged in a furnace, the flame turned into a ten-meter-long burning sword!

The sword was made of fire; it had the same blood-red color as the Rose Flame, making it quite bright. It also had fiery lines along it that were brown-red in color, carved onto the sword with the Calamity Fire, which modified had the Rose Flame into the shape of a sword...

“Time to kill ’em all!” Mo Fan yelled. The ten-meter-long fiery sword shot forward, heading straight for the Iron Ball Skeletons that were chasing after the shadow.

The power of the sword was overwhelming. Its presence was pure destruction to the skeletons. When the fiery sword slashed at the mountain stacked up by the skeletons, a huge flame immediately devoured them, following a strong flare of light...

Raging flames spread wildly throughout the area. In the middle of the fire, a long ravine created from the slash was visible. Inside the ravine was scorched ground, with skeletons that lost their undead crystals stacked high!

The clustered Iron Ball Skeletons were caught in trouble, too. They were caught on fire, one of which was inextinguishable, which burned them to death in just a few minutes!