Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 681: Blood Skeleton Official

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

...

“Forty-nine!”

The last Soul Essence was finally refined inside the Little Loach Pendant as Mo Fan wished. The forty-nine Stars of the Lightning Element emitted a dazzling brilliance and connected into a Star Pattern in Mo Fan’s spiritual world!

Mo Fan never thought he would level up two of his Intermediate Spells continuously in such a short period of time, nor did he think he would be able to kill more than four thousand undead!

The lightning spread across the area and formed an electric field with crazily dancing arcs. The Scissors-hands Skeletons caught in the electric field were totally immobilized.

However, it was just the natural effect of the Lightning Strike. When too many skeletons were caught in the electric field, the paralyzing effect of the Lightning Strike was not as effective. Mo Fan only managed to control the Scissors-hands Skeletons that were closest to him, using them as walls to block the skeletons coming from behind!

“Thunderbolt!”

The Star Pattern was built in an instant, emitting a strong purple-black light under Mo Fan’s feet. It seemed like the power of Lightning Strike had improved significantly.

“Lightning Disaster!”

A huge storm cloud loomed over the place.

The lightning struck the ground and forked into countless arcs. In the past, either Exploding Apex or Yaksha would immediately crush their target and disintegrate any life form, a powerful but brief attack. However, not only did his lightning now possess the strength of Exploding Apex, it could also fork into countless arcs as it landed on the ground, spreading across the place like a spider web!

The lightning arcs spread horizontally across the ground. Once they made contact with a skeleton, they would immediately pierce through it.

The lightning was spreading wildly. A few arcs would pass by the same place simultaneously. As a result, as long as the skeletons stepped inside the range of the lightning, they would be shocked a few times by the current being conducted back and forth across the place!

More lightning descended from the sky. One shattered a skeleton that was currently in the Advancing Period into pieces before spreading out on the ground wildly. A few dozen of the lightning arcs covered a distance of at least thirty meters. The lightning came and went in a flicker, yet it still formed a Lightning Disaster web able to pierce through everything!

The lightning bolts were still falling from the sky. Its scale was comparable to a Thunderbolt: Wild Strikes.

Each lightning strike turned into a Lightning Disaster web on the ground. The area where Mo Fan was standing had completely turned into a forbidden ground of lightning. The long lightning chains interwoven with one another combined into a brilliant, intimidating sight!

The skeletons were afraid of lightning. Their bones were sturdy, but extremely brittle. The shock from the lightning would instantly shatter them into pieces!

The duration of the Thunderbolt: Lightning Disaster was not long, but Mo Fan was astounded by its power. Puffs of smoke rose into the air as the white skeletons dropped to the ground, and the white rug of bones grew thicker.

Without considering little Flame Belle’s ability to possess, the fourth-tier Thunderbolt: Lightning Disaster turned out to be slightly stronger than the Fiery Fist: Nine Dragons. On top of that, the Lightning Element was more effective against the skeletons, hence Mo Fan’s single Thunderbolt: Lightning Disaster had killed almost two hundred skeletons!

Even though the Scissors-hands Skeletons were densely packed together, giving Mo Fan the perfect opportunity to wipe them out, it was shocking that a single Thunderbolt: Lightning Disaster was able to kill them all!

“Again!”

Mo Fan did not stop there, as the army of skeletons never stopped advancing. The same stormy cloud appeared in the sky, with lightning descending like purple-black dragons splitting into wild serpents roaming across the ground, resulting in a new layer of bones around his feet!

A shockwave rolled out. The scattering pieces of broken bones collided with one another, producing a sound similar to the splash of a wave. As a matter of fact, it sounded rather spooky.

The broken bones fell in bits from the sky. Broken halves of skulls, fingers, ribs, breastbones, fibias, and so on rained on down. The ashes of the dead lingered in the air, drifting into the air as soon as more remains landed on the piles of bones.

An enormous leg landed from the sky onto a bunch of skeletons’ heads, crushing their skulls as if they were as fragile as lime.

Thud!

Another leg stomped the ground, knocking the bones nearby into the air, producing a crisp noise when the bones hit one another.

Thud!

The remnants of some skeletons were crushed into ash!

Mo Fan immediately turned around when the sound got closer and saw a skeleton that was entirely blood-red standing less than three hundred meters away.

The blood skeleton was enormous, with a height of over fifty meters. Mo Fan had to fully raise his head to see its whole body!

{Ed. Note: Uh, no he didn’t. Not at three hundred meters. And... if you think it’s very strange he couldn’t see something as tall as a grain elevator until it was basically twelve of its own steps away from him, when I can see a grain silo at three miles+... oh, nevermind. Chaos magic in the air, people!}

The crimson-red skeleton was called a blood skeleton. It normally implied that the skeleton had spent a long time absorbing and refining the essence of death. It was an aged Skeleton Official!

Blood Skeleton Official!

Mo Fan had killed too many of the skeletons, attracting the attention of the Blood Skeleton Official.

The army consisted of almost ten thousand skeletons, it was the size of a full Pack, thus there had to be a Commander-level creature leading them... Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Mo Fan had killed a few thousand Servant-class skeletons and over a hundred Warrior-level skeletons. The Blood Skeleton Official was able to end the fight as soon as it showed up, yet the cunning skeleton did not attack Mo Fan immediately.

It arrived at the battlefield and stood there, looking down at the human that was surrounded by its people.

More rows of skeletons were squeezing their way toward Mo Fan. He had yet to kill even half of the army!

Demon creatures had always been cold-blooded, especially those with higher lineage. They would not hesitate to send their people and soldiers as cannon fodder. The undead were even colder; its army of skeletons was simply some petty trash in its eyes. No matter how many were sacrificed and died, it did not feel any hint of pity. After all, it could have as many skeletons as it wished...

The Blood Skeleton Official was observing Mo Fan. It continued to send its soldiers to attack him, as it was planning to slap the human to death after he ran out of energy!

Mo Fan glanced at the skeleton commander coldly. He could see the disdain and mockery in its bloodshot eyes.

It waved its mighty hand, giving out commands. Soon, Mo Fan was encircled again by the tide of skeletons. Mo Fan initially wanted to use all he had to eliminate the skeleton commander, as its aura was relatively weak, but the skeleton did not give him any chance...

He had killed over five thousand, yet there were still more than five thousand left!

On top of that, the Blood Skeleton Official focused on him was also an impassable, huge mountain!

Mo Fan had killed a significant number of skeletons. The bones under his feet had stacked up into a little hill, spreading out around him to a distance of a few hundred meters...