Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 691: Contract, Fire Demon!

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Mountain Zombie raised its head glancing at the thick clouds floating above its head. It took a deep breath, sucking the clouds with rolling thunder into its lungs.

The Mountain Zombie’s chest gradually bloated. The air surrounding the creature became rarefied from the creature’s single inhalation.

The falling rain somehow slowed down. The trees swaying in the inner city became still. The clouds suddenly dispersed, yet it was far from a good omen!

Mo Fan stood at the top of the golden barrier. When he sensed an overwhelming pressure lingering in the air, he subconsciously glanced down at the inner city.

The streets, buildings, alleyways of the inner city were crowded with people of various ages. However, everyone’s gazes were full of helplessness after the suffering they had gone through. It felt like apart from the golden barrier that served as the last line of defense, there was nothing they could place their hope in!

Mo Fan looked at the golden barrier. The barrier was not as bright as before. Countless cracks were scattered across its surface. It was impossible to tell how many more attacks the barrier could take. Perhaps the next one would simply shatter it into pieces.

Mo Fan could not allow the Mountain Zombie to attack the golden barrier. With its destructive power, the golden barrier would not last for long!

Mo Fan clenched his teeth and sprang into the sky above the inner city. The cunning Mountain Zombie intended the fight to take place close to the inner city, as it was planning to kill him while simultaneously dealing serious damage to the inner city’s barrier!

The demon form did not provide Mo Fan with enough strength to take on the Mountain Zombie. However, Mo Fan had control over six Elements in total. The Calamity Fire that the little Flame Belle granted him was his real trump card!

The Mountain Zombie’s enormous eyes flickered with disdain when it saw Mo Fan escaping into the sky.

It totally ignored Mo Fan. Its lungs had accumulated enough death gas to raze the inner city to the ground once it breathed out. The black wind of death would thoroughly destroy the golden barrier protecting the humans.

The death wind in the creature’s lungs had reached its limit. The Mountain Zombie leapt backward, landing less than a kilometer away from the Northern Gate. Its bloated chest shuddered, its throat and mouth turned into a cave of death, and that wild black wind surged out and blasted the barrier of the inner city!

The black wind was extraordinarily powerful. It swept all the remains within two kilometers into the air. Even the undead army in front of it was caught up. The gust of death swept forward like thousands of sabers swinging wildly in the air!

“That son of a bitch!”

Just beneath the clouds, Mo Fan, who was floating high up in the sky, realized that the Mountain Zombie was ignoring his presence.

Mo Fan had planned to distract the Mountain Zombie, to lift the burden from the inner city’s barrier. To his surprise, the Mountain Zombie had never treated him seriously!

Demon Mo Fan was already hot-tempered to begin with. When he saw the Mountain Zombie recklessly breathing out the gust of wind to destroy the barrier, he immediately accumulated all the power of his Fire Element to draw in the Fire Element particles within a few kilometers...

Element particles were extremely tiny, close to a thousand times smaller than a dust particle. It was impossible to see them with naked eyes. However, when anyone gathered the Fire Element particles of a huge space at a certain point, it resulted in a blinding red light!

His contract with the Flame Belle had granted him the ability to control the Fire Element at his will. The fire spirits flying in the sky were formed by thousands or tens of thousands of tiny Fire Element particles. They had turned into red light dots, then into a fiery flare. When all the element particles accumulated around Mo Fan, it immediately burned Mo Fan’s flesh to ashes...

In the raging flames, the silhouette of a new body arose. The flames first forged the main body, followed by the limbs and the head. The rising flames simply attached to his head as burning strands of hair!

The Wolf Soul Shadow had disappeared, replaced by an elegant, burning ring on his back. It looked like a pair of special, fiery wings were closed up...

The appearance Mo Fan’s Demon Element had taken at Jilin City was similar to demon creatures. The Wolf Soul Shadow on his back, the hands that curled into claws, and the fangs poking out from his jaw. Shocking wolf runes had covered the muscles on his body, while his hair was long and silver!

The main reason for his appearance was because Mo Fan’s only Summoned Beast was the Swift Star Wolf. The Magicians involved in the Demon Experiment were inclined to take the appearance of their Summoned Beasts!

However, the Swift Star Wolf was not Mo Fan’s real Contracted Beast, the Flame Belle was! She was a unique, blessed creature, born on the mountain of the Burning Valley between the Stars. When Mo Fan withdrew the Wolf Soul Shadow, the real force that was bound to his soul took control. As such, his previous savage body was burned into ashes, replaced by the transparent, crystal-like appearance of the Fiery Sorceress, with flames engulfing him!

The Little Flame Belle was too young after all. She had yet to master the capabilities that the Fiery Sorceress possessed. However, the Demon Element was like a trade between Mo Fan and the devil. It was granting him temporary, formidable power at the cost of burning his life.

Currently, Mo Fan was like an enormous fireball dangling under the gray clouds. His brilliance totally resembled a blazing sun!

The light of the flames lit up the spacious sky, leaving a huge trail of flames between the dull mist among the clouds!

The brilliance poured down onto the inner city over a huge area. The raindrops completely evaporated into white gas under the high temperature...

The flames poured down, aiming right at the Mountain Zombie that was breathing out the wind of death.

The Mountain Zombie was still leaning forward. When it sensed the formidable energy descending on it, it did not have enough time to act due to the black gas filling up its lungs.

The enormous fireball was like a falling meteor. It slammed fiercely into the Mountain Zombie. The enormous zombie could not withstand the impact. It was knocked flying by the overwhelming impact!

A great ocean of flames swept the outer city. The spectacular sight was suffocating. The people vaguely saw a demonic figure standing right in the middle of the flames that were pouring down from the sky. It was stepping on thousands of corpses from the army of zombies, burned into ashes in an instant!