Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 697: The Falling Tide of Undead

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Careful, the Hole of Chaos might reflect our attacks with a stronger force!” the mysterious man warned the group.

“We should be careful of the man standing on the Mountain Zombie, his aura...” Han Ji lifted his gaze and stared at the man!

As Han Ji mentioned, everyone here was an expert with sharp senses, and the man who had nullified all their attacks with a single spell had a formidable and mysterious aura, putting them on alert. They could smell danger from the man!

Mo Fan was the closest to the Mountain Zombie. He was standing on the top of a signal tower, the bottom of which was destroyed. It was just tall enough for him to look at the man on the Mountain Zombie at the same height.

The Mountain Zombie was no longer running. The all-powerful zombie seemed to be afraid of the man. Its body slowly knelt down with its head lowered...

The group was completely dumbfounded upon seeing this!

Making the Mountain Zombie drop to its knees?

Who could the person be, strong enough to force the Mountain Zombie, one of the strongest Ruler-level creatures, to kneel?

No wonder even an expert like Han Ji was panicking!

The Mountain Zombie turned around and carried the person toward the group. It seemed extremely willing to be the person’s mount.

As the creature approached them, the dim dawnlight and the rain pouring onto the creature highlighted the outline of a man wearing a black battle robe. His aura was piercingly cold and stern. He glanced at the group of Magicians, before looking at the inner city with a swaying golden barrier in the distance!

“Ancient...Ancient King!” The mysterious man shuddered. His gaze suddenly turned blank!

Even Han Ji was stunned!

In the ancient drawings, the Ancient King was indeed wearing a black battle robe when he passed away. The man’s outfit perfectly resembled the emperor in the past. On top of that, even though the man was glancing down at the living humans, he did not have any living presence!

“He’s awakened...” Zhu Meng said with a dispirited voice.

The Ancient King was awake. It was the end for everything. All living creatures would be turned into undead. The city that had survived over thousands of years would soon become an undead paradise!

The Mountain Zombie came forward. The creature did not dare to unleash its previous overwhelming aura. It was not because of the severe injury under its throat, but it did not dare to act recklessly because of the man standing on it.

Its feet stomped the ground heavily as it walked past the signal tower that Mo Fan was standing on, allowing Mo Fan to see the man’s face clearly!

He did not just see the side of his face. The man turned his head and stared right into Mo Fan’s eyes!

“Chief...Chief Military Instructor...” Mo Fan shivered. He could not believe what he saw. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Zhan Kong!

The face was none other than the Chief Military Instructor, Zhan Kong!

Mo Fan felt his heart crumbling. He could not explain the scene he was seeing before him.

Zhan Kong was staring at Mo Fan. tall in his battle robe. It was hard to tell if he had recognized Mo Fan, or he was simply amused by Mo Fan’s extraordinary demon presence.

Suddenly, the man raised his hand.

The Hole of Chaos that had absorbed everyone’s attacks appeared in front of Mo Fan!

Mo Fan subconsciously thought the man was going to attack him. His figure tensed as he prepared to defend himself from whatever was going to happen.

However, the Hole of Chaos did not spit out the destructive energy that it absorbed previously. It opened up like an eerie door of space. Three figures were pushed out from the spinning vortex.

“Liu Ru, Zhang Xiaohou, Su Xiaoluo!”

Mo Fan instantly recognized the three people. He leapt forward and grabbed two of them with his hands and bit Zhang Xiaohou’s collar with his teeth...

Using the Mountain Zombie’s shoulder as a stepping stone, Mo Fan jumped back to the signal tower while holding the three people.

The three youngsters had fallen unconscious while passing through the chaos vortex. Mo Fan placed them on the tower and shifted his gaze back to the man.

However, Zhan Kong, who seemed like a totally different person no longer had eye contact with Mo Fan. He turned around, only showing his back to the group...

As he turned around, the Mountain Zombie too turned and walked in the opposite direction of the city as if it was given some order.

Thud!

Thud!

Thud!

Each step that the Mountain Zombie took would produce a huge blast. On top of that, a troop among the undead army would sink into the ground every time the Mountain Zombie took a step.

The undead in the City North were the first to withdraw. The majority of the undead army had the ability to move underground. The ocean of undead disappeared into the ground in just a few minutes. Judging from the pattern, it seemed like the whole undead army was moving into the distance following after the Mountain Zombie... or more accurately, the undead were following the man standing atop the Mountain Zombie!

The footsteps sounded further away with each step. Half of the undead were gone. The spectacular withdrawal even postponed the arrival of dawn when their mass covered the rising sun in the distance.

A while later, a Phantom Ruler appeared in the south!

The Phantom Ruler seemed like it had yet to fully enjoy itself. It opened its enormous wings that were similar to those of a bat. The creature beat its wings, gliding across the golden barrier and headed north...

An army of phantoms followed right behind the Phantom Ruler like stormy clouds. When they flew past the inner city above the golden barrier, the whole inner city was immersed in darkness.

A few moments later, the clouds formed by countless phantoms had flown into the distance, returning the dim sunlight to the countless people in the city, many of whom had fainted from fright.

Finally, the army of skeletons withdrew like a fading tide, too.

Of the eight undead rulers, four of them, including the Mountain Zombie, were still alive, and led their armies into the distance. Not a single one dared to stay or pose a threat to the inner city any longer, even though the golden barrier could collapse at any second.

The black ocean gradually disappeared into the north. The ruined city was illuminated by sunlight that was gradually turning brighter, exposing the collapsed buildings, the destroyed streets, the broken bridges, and the areas that were beyond recognition...

Only the inner city was preserved, along with countless people and its intact buildings and structures that had survived the calamity. However, it felt like everyone was completely worn out. Even after the inner city was soaked in sunlight for quite some time, the whole place was still deadly quiet. It took the people a long time before they realized that the calamity was over!...