Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 723: The Enraging Food, Part One

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Why did he cast Groundbreak? It was to summon raging flames to burst out from the ground!

Nothing in front of him could not interfere with his attack, including the Rock Barrier that the idiotic muscular man, Zu Jiming, had erected.

Mo Fan was now an Advanced Magician, and his senses were a lot stronger than before with his new understanding of the Space Element’s capabilities. Even with something blocking his vision ahead and stopping him from seeing the Scarlet Soaring Demons that had been blasted away, he could still lock down their positions through his other senses and energy ripples in the air!

After confirming his targets distance, Mo Fan’s eyes flickered with flames. The flames streamed out from the fist he had already slammed into the ground, directing the power of the spell!

A red wave crawled rapidly along the ground. Normally, the path of Groundbreak was invisible, but the rocks of the area were rather unique. The rocks would turn red from the heat produced by the spell, visible as it surged out!

The wave moved at an incredible speed. It reached two hundred meters away within an instant. The Scarlet Soaring Demons that were just knocked flying rose to their feet while shaking their heads. They had just confirmed that their area was clear of danger when they felt a surge of heat coming from beneath their feet...

The sturdy rocks cracked open as flames burst out from the gaps.

Just as the Scarlet Soaring Demon he targeted finally realized what was happening, a fierce energy exploded under its feet.

Lava jetted out of the ground, igniting flames as it scattered in the air. The blazing red flames danced in the air and bloomed like a deadly flower!

The Scarlet Soaring Demon was already severely injured. If Zu Jiming had not knocked them all a great distance away, Mo Fan could easily have killed this creature with a Lightning Strike.

That being said, the Fiery Fist: Groundbreak still ended its life, burning its half-crippled body into charcoal.

“Holy crap, right on target?” Zhao Manyan just happened to witness how the Groundbreak had burned the Scarlet Soaring Demon to death from the high ground.

He glanced at Mo Fan, whose view was blocked by a giant boulder, and reevaluated the distance between him and the Scarlet Soaring Demon.

Zu Jiming’s face fell dark, but he was also astounded by Mo Fan’s accuracy.

A distance of over two hundred meters... how did he land the Fiery Fist without being able to see the Scarlet Soaring Demon? Did his Fiery Fist: Groundbreak has some kind of lock-on system?

“Four!” Mo Fan quickly found the Scarlet Soaring Demon’s corpse and retrieved a scorched gall bladder from it.

He even purposely cast a casual glance at Gong Yu.

Gong Yu was indeed capable, too, and had acquired three gall bladders. If Mo Fan had not killed three right at the start, he would definitely be slower at killing the creatures. Of course, if it weren’t for Zu Jiming, Mo Fan would have killed one more by now...

There were only about a dozen Scarlet Soaring Demons altogether. The strength of these weak Warrior-level creatures was not on the same level as the elites of the national team.

The others were aware that Mo Fan and Gong Yu were competing for the gall bladders. They were simply going through the motions by casting a few Spells and enjoying the showdown between the two.

—

“Last one left, Gong Yu is going to lose the bet if he fails to secure it.” Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

“It looks like Gong Yu is closer to the Scarlet Soaring Demon.”

“These two maniacs, we didn’t even have the chance to warm ourselves up.”

The rest of the team was already standing aside. Most of the Scarlet Soaring Demons were eliminated. They did not require much effort.

Gong Yu was a gall bladder short. He immediately went all out and summoned his Magic Boots, which doubled his speed!

His teammates could barely see the afterimages of his movement. Gong Yu reached the Scarlet Soaring Demon in the blink of an eye, thrusting his clawed gauntlet at the creature’s abdomen!

The claws tore a long cut on the Scarlet Soaring Demon’s abdomen before it could react. Blue blood jetted out from the wound.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon spat out some white liquid at Gong Yu, as if it was not feeling any pain.

The liquid splattered and turned extremely viscous in the air before pouring down on Gong Yu like a white sticky web.

Gong Yu was too impatient with his approach. He subconsciously dodged aside when he saw the web, but his legs were caught because he was standing too close to the creature. His legs were stuck on the rocks...

“Damn it!”

The liquid had transformed shockingly quick. It was still liquid when the creature spat it out, turning into a glue-like substance in the air. By the time it made contact with the target, it had already solidified and glued Gong Yu’s legs to the ground!

It was a deadly mistake for a Wind Magician’s legs to be caught up like that!

However, Gong Yu was not an inexperienced, weak Magician. He was furious, not because of the Scarlet Soaring Demon’s counterattack, but because he did not secure the gall bladder when he had the opportunity!

Mo Fan smiled when he saw what happened.

It seemed like he had won the bet. He casually walked forward while lifting his right hand. A blazing red flame was already burning on his palm.

He locked his gaze on the Scarlet Soaring Demon and threw a punch at it. The giant fist engulfed in flames flew toward the last Scarlet Soaring Demon...

The Fiery Fist drew an arc in the air. Its projectile was perfectly on point.

However, when it was about to land on the Scarlet Soaring Demon, Ai Jiangtu, who was watching it, frowned and quickly made his move!

“Telekinesis!”

As he grabbed in the direction of the Scarlet Soaring Demon, a strange ripple fluctuated in space and covered the Scarlet Soaring Demon, dragging it toward Ai Jiangtu with great force.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon lost its balance in the air, yet it barely dodged Mo Fan’s Fiery Fist.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon fell to the ground on its back. Ai Jiangtu curled his finger again, dragging the creature toward him.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon had no chance of resisting the force. It was dragged over sixty meters in the air and landed in front of Ai Jiangtu.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon was infuriated. It rose to its feet after breaking free and lunged at Ai Jiangtu fiercely.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon had an impressive jumping power, pouncing forward explosively. It could easily decapitate its target when it scissored its claws.

Ai Jiangtu remained calm. He casually pushed forward with the same hand.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon halted in the air, before flying in the opposite direction.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon slammed into a wall. Its muscular figure was pinned onto the wall, like it was nailed to the rocks.

Ai Jiangtu’s hand was covered in a silver glow. As long as the glow remained, the Scarlet Soaring Demon would remain pinned to the wall with its limbs spread apart.

“Mr. Ai, that’s not cool, but I’m still the winner.” Mo Fan jumped down from the higher ground and glanced at the pitiful Scarlet Soaring Demon.

“Look at its stomach,” Ai Jiangtu told Mo Fan.

Mo Fan was confused. He walked up to take a closer look.

The Scarlet Soaring Demon’s abdomen was torn open by Gong Yu. Blood kept pouring out from the cut. It was nothing out of ordinary...

However, there was a tiny leg dangling from the hole. It seemed to have slid out of the creature’s belly!