Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 735: Did We Forget Something?

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Sky-Flame Funeral was absolutely shocking. The others immediately had a whole different view of Mo Fan, the substitute.

However, they quickly discovered that the flames had rapidly increased the temperature of the islands. Many Scarlet Soaring Demons had already escaped into the ocean. Their strength was not weak either, they did not have any trouble breaking a hole in the ice to dive into the water!

Since the team had decided to wipe out the pack of sea monsters, Mo Fan had no intention to spare their lives. They had already found two corpses among the Scarlet Soaring Demons they had stumbled into previously. God knew how many children these Scarlet Soaring Demons eat in the future!

Not even one should be left alive!

Mo Fan decisively chased after the sea monsters when he saw that Mu Ningxue was no longer in danger.

“Giant Shadow Spike: Thorns of the Shadow Rose!”

A puff of black smoke came out of Mo Fan’s finger. It rapidly accumulated and transformed into six shadow thorns, which Mo Fan tossed into the air.

The shadow spikes disappeared in a strange manner, before appearing behind three Scarlet Soaring Demons that were scorched black by the flames. Each Scarlet Soaring Demon was nailed by two shadow spikes, sealing their movements before they could even run for their lives!

Before Mo Fan made it to the creatures, his teammates immediately noticed the three vulnerable Scarlet Soaring Demons that were already suffering from severe injuries. They quickly followed up with destructive Spells and killed the creatures with ease.

“So you also have the Shadow Element; let’s have a friendly duel if we have the chance,” Li Kaifeng turned around to glance at Mo Fan and smiled.

Li Kaifeng had also summoned the same Giant Shadow Spikes to his hand. His casting speed when using the Shadow Element was faster than Mo Fan. On top of that, the Giant Shadow Spikes were stronger due to his unique Shadow Seed! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

“Sure thing,” Mo Fan responded.

The black smoke coming off the two Shadow Magicians expanded rapidly as they fired shadow spikes like arrows. Giant Shadow Spike was considered the strongest control-type Spell among the Intermediate Spells. A Warrior-level creature like the Scarlet Soaring Demons had no chance of breaking free after they were nailed by the Giant Shadow Spikes, allowing the other Magicians to easily end their lives.

Normally, it would require more effort to kill a Warrior-level creature. However, these Scarlet Soaring Demons were not pure brawling creatures. They mainly relied on their ability to control water, yet that was completely sealed off by Mu Ningxue’s Domain, greatly weakening their threat level!

After fighting alongside them, Mo Fan finally understood why these people were chosen as the representatives of the national team. Everyone had their own outstanding fighting style. They were not scared to take on five Warrior-level creatures at once, and even when they were flanked by more than ten Warrior-level creatures, they still managed to escape from the surround!

Mo Fan roughly estimated the average strength of the national team to be between the peak Intermediate Level and the Advanced Level. Some might even stand a chance against ordinary Advanced Magicians...

However, one thing he knew for sure was that it was unlikely that he and Ai Jiangtu were the only Advanced Magicians in the team. Some of the others might have achieved the Advanced Level, but they needed some time to practice drawing the complicated Star Constellation. Some might have learned how to cast an Advanced Spell, and had yet to reveal their true strength!

Either way, he had to admit that the team basically consisted of a bunch of freaks. Although the Scarlet Soaring Demons were not the strongest Warrior-level creature, there were still more than a hundred of them, and yet they did not stand a chance against this team...

Mo Fan’s Sky-Flame Funeral had eliminated a dozen or so creatures, and his Giant Shadow Spikes helped the team to eliminate about the same amount again. The Warrior-level Soul Remnants kept floating into the Little Loach Pendant, providing Mo Fan with energy.

Mo Fan also learned something new. The Stars that were strengthened by the Servant-class Soul Essences to the fourth tier still had room to improve. However, it would require Warrior-level Soul Essences!

In other words, if Mo Fan collected seven Warrior-level Soul Essences, he could improve the first seven Stars to the fifth-tier, giving him access to fifth-tier Basic Spells.

However, it was somewhat of an overkill. The value of seven Warrior-level Soul Essences was more than a hundred million RMB. It was simply a waste to spend them on strengthening Spells like Fire Burst and Lightning Strike to the fifth-tier, even if it would make the Basic Spells as strong as other people’s Intermediate Spells!

He still had not improved the Giant Shadow Spike to the fourth-tier. Besides, he also needed Soul Essences to improve his Space Element. Did even he have that many Soul Essences for everything?

Mo Fan’s current goal was to improve the Giant Shadow Spikes to the fourth-tier. As for improving the Basic Spells to the fifth-tier... it was just a random thought!

—–

Not long afterwards, most of the Scarlet Soaring Demons had been eliminated. Only about twenty of them managed to escape.

The team did have Magicians that were experts at fighting underwater. They immediately went into the water when the Scarlet Soaring Demons fled into the ocean.

Jiang Shaoxu was even more cunning with her Psychic Element. She simply used Pacify to remove the fear in the Scarlet Soaring Demons heart. It was like giving the Scarlet Soaring Demons anesthesia, and they immediately turned back around to fight the Magicians after their morale was boosted!

Jiang Shaoxu giggled when she saw the Scarlet Soaring Demons fighting back bravely.

Even when the Scarlet Soaring Demons were blasted into pieces, they still could not understand where they had gotten the courage to turn around and fight the humans when they had already lost. Meanwhile, the rest of the Scarlet Soaring Demons burst into tears of gratitude, as they believed those Scarlet Soaring Demons had sacrificed themselves to cover their retreat...

Jiang Shaoxu thoroughly revealed her true nature. She continued to utter the magical giggle which removed the fear in the Scarlet Soaring Demons’ hearts, provoking them to fight once again, but they simply ended up getting themselves killed!

—

Under the effect of Jiang Shaoxu’s Psychic Element, only a few Scarlet Soaring Demons managed to escape in the end. The frozen island was covered in corpses of the Scarlet Soaring Demons, and their blue blood was splattered across the place.

“Forget about the Sea Monkey Monsters, it’s quite troublesome to hunt them down. Besides, they will quickly reproduce after you’ve killed some of them. Don’t bother wasting your time,” Li Kaifeng said to the others.

“Mm, let’s take a rest. It seems like our plan worked, these Scarlet Soaring Demons are too weak when they can’t control the water. I bet they are the weakest Warrior-level creature I’ve ever fought against,” said Zu Jiming.

“It’s all thanks to Mu Ningxue, who managed to freeze the whole island,” flattered Gong Yu.

Mu Ningxue seemed slightly worn out. The prolonged casting was an incredible mental burden for her. Luckily, the fight did not last for too long. Otherwise, she could not have held on for much longer.

Zhao Manyan sat on the ground to rest up. He felt hungry when he saw Mo Fan taking out some jerky and water. He quickly went over and snatched some from him.

“The water is too cold, help me heat it up,” said Zhao Manyan to Mo Fan.

“What am I, a microwave!” Mo Fan snatched the water back and drank it all with a single gulp, before letting out a satisfied sigh.

He was feeling extremely thirsty after getting chased around by the Scarlet Soaring Demons. He finally got to rest.

Now that he had satisfied his hunger and thirst, somehow, it felt like he had forgotten something important.