Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 772: You’ve Crossed the Line!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The red-faced demons were influenced by Nara Orisora’s emotions. It was likely that the two ugly demons with horns and chains on their feet were showing the true appearance of demon spirits. The demons revealed their blue fangs as they began tearing at Qi Hai, whom Ai Jiangtu could not save in time. The demons even tore the bones out of his flesh. It was hard to believe that Nara Orisora was a healing monk before, judging by his cruelty.

Qi Hai’s cry of agony echoed across Manying Mountain. His body parts were scattered across the place. It was worse than having his limbs torn off by five horses.

“It’s your turn next!” Nara Orisora stood on the tombstone and snapped at Mo Fan while pointing at Qi Hai’s body parts.

“Let my friends go, and I’ll let you die a quick death!” Mo Fan was not someone to be messed with, either!

Since Ai Jiangtu had already saved the monks, Mo Fan no longer needed to conceal his strength. He let out a disdainful smirk when he saw the two red-faced demons trying to corner him and rip his arms off. The demon spirits were only abusing the fact that the others could not see them. Once they were spotted, they were far from being able to pose a threat to anyone.

Not only were the two red-faced demons extremely slow, they were solely relying on their brute strength to attack. Mo Fan could easily dodge the attacks with Fleeing Shadow!

After creating some distance, Mo Fan stomped his foot and drew a black shadow pattern. Six Giant Shadow Spikes appeared in front of him. With a wave of his hand, the Giant Shadow Spikes flew right at the red-faced demons, three spikes for each of them. The spikes sealed their throat, nailed their waist, and suppressed their right leg. The shadow rope produced by the spikes wrapped tightly around the red-faced demons.

Mo Fan had no time to waste with the two demons. He shifted his gaze as his left and right hands burst aflame!

He threw his left fist forward, firing a giant Fiery Fist at the tombstone. The fan-shaped flames devoured half of the cursed pattern.

Nara Orisora was still floating in the air. His black figure hovered above Mo Fan and pointed his finger. It emitted a bloody glow around, as if he was performing some demonic magic!

There was no way Mo Fan would give Nara Orisora a chance to cast his demonic spell. The flames burning on his right hand were his true killing blow. Since Nara Orisora was right above him, he immediately threw his right fist forward!

Fire in the form of dragons exploded forth. The fiery dragon pillars soaring into the sky were a great contrast to Nara Orisora’s petty blood-light. Nara Orisora did not expect Mo Fan to possess such a formidable cultivation despite being of similar age to him. He quickly stopped his channeling and dodged aside.

As the fiery dragons rose into the sky, the spreading flames still caught Nara Orisora, setting him aflame as he was knocked high up into the sky by Mo Fan’s punch!

“Telekinesis: Illusionary Claw!”

Mo Fan gathered his focus, pulsing with a deep silver glow. Nara Orisora was just knocked flying by Mo Fan’s Fiery Fist when the Illusionary Claw dragged him back!

Falling Strike!

The claw dragged Nara Orisora toward the ground with great strength.

The impact was quite heavy. Nara Orisora was obviously not the kind of demon creature with outstanding physical capabilities. He was starting to lose consciousness when he slammed into the ground.

“Thunderbolt: Wild Strikes!”

Mo Fan was already an expert at casting Intermediate Spells. He immediately followed up with lightning strikes when Nara Orisora was thrown to the ground. Purple-black lightning dragons struck Nara Orisora and the ground and turned into lightning chains. Even the two red-faced demons who were sealed in their places were hurt by the lightning!

“I thought you were better than that; it’s time to put an end to this... Sky-Flame Funeral!”

Mo Fan had no intention of wasting his time. He immediately used his ultimate.

Blazing red flames burst to life on Mo Fan’s palms!

At his command, the densely-packed Stars in the Fire Galaxy were aligned quickly. A bright burning path formed between them as they reached certain positions. As more Star Patterns were constructed, they combined into a spectacular Fire Constellation, signaling that an enormous amount of energy was about to be poured out!

“Eat this... f**k me!”

Mo Fan was indulged in the destructive aura coming from his hands when a little accident took place. The two hundred and fifty-sixth Star was connected to a wrong Star, which caused the spectacular Star Constellation to collapse within an instant!

The Star Patterns gradually disappeared as the Star Orbits dimmed. The flames engulfing Mo Fan dissipated as soon as he made the mistake!

The Star Constellation disappeared, leaving Mo Fan standing there blankly. The expression on his face was worse than the one he would wear after eating a fly.

The breaking of the Advanced Spell was a huge contrast compared to the Intermediate Spells Mo Fan had cast so adeptly. Even Nara Orisora was stunned for a moment. In fact, Nara Orisora was quite scared of Advanced Spells!

“Damn it, how could I make a mistake at a time like this!” Mo Fan was annoyed at himself and anxious. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

An Advanced Spell required three hundred and forty-three Stars. It consisted of seven Star Patterns, each constructed with forty-nine Stars. Mo Fan had a high chance of completing it if he took his time, but if he quickened his pace, it would significantly increase the complexity. Mo Fan had yet to fully master the process!

Nara Orisora was not stupid. He immediately floated away when he saw Mo Fan’s mistake. He placed his hand by his lips and began to utter some chants.

It looked like he was chanting some scriptures, yet the tone he was making sounded rather evil. Mo Fan could see two bloody rays coming out of his palms and shining upon the two red-faced demons.

The two red-faced demons immediately cried out wildly as if they had gone into a frenzy. They were tearing their own flesh with their claws!

The lumps of meat fell to the ground. They were simply tearing themselves apart!

Mo Fan had no idea what the two red-faced demons were doing, yet when he saw the two familiar faces after the demons tore open their heads, great rage erupted in Mo Fan’s heart!

The two faces were none other than Mu Ningxue and Zhao Manyan!

“I know you’re using some kind of illusion. These demons are definitely not them, but your filthy act has indeed made me mad! If I don’t beat the shit out of you today, my surname won’t be Fan anymore!”

Mo Fan was still wearing the Focus Necklace. He would not be fooled easily by a petty trick trying to use his weakness to confuse his senses!