Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 780: Three is Enough

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The Japanese did not each much during the feast. They were already full after being provoked.

Japan had always had lots of talents. In terms of strength, they were ranked close to the top in the world. Every country that came to challenge their West Guardian Tower was utterly respectful and polite. They would even keep their voices down when they were talking.

In comparison, not only were the representatives from China utterly reckless, they were being so full of themselves when in other people’s territory!

“Since you’re so eager to be taught a lesson, we shall make preparations right away. Go, prepare the dueling grounds. The duels will take place right after dessert!” declared the female advisor.

“Yes, Advisor Tegami!”

A few of her disciples immediately left the feast and ordered the workers in the West Guardian Tower around furiously, preparing the place.

Mochizuki Ken was about to say something, but ended up letting out a sigh when he realized that there was nothing he could do.

Such a bunch of hot-tempered young adults. Couldn’t they seriously wait a while longer for something so important?

Tegami seemed to be the gatekeepers’ advisor. The eyes of the gatekeepers glittered with excitement when they learned that the duels were happening tonight.

The golden-haired man, Okamoto, was grinning too. He was the impatient kind. He already had the urge to teach these impolite Chinese a lesson when he met them in the afternoon. Since they were asking to be taught a lesson so desperately, they could not blame their hosts for being too harsh on them!

They had made a great mistake if they thought the people of the West Guardian Tower were only ordinary gatekeepers!

They were the same batch of students as Japan’s national team. They would not necessarily lose to the actual representatives in terms of strength.

The gatekeepers and the representatives could be switched at anytime. If any of the gatekeepers performed well, there was a high chance that they could replace someone on the national team.

Every student wanted to shine on the battlefield in Venice. Therefore, every time the national embassy was challenged, they would give their best to increase their chances of joining the national team.

“Let’s discuss things while eating. Are we going to fight as a team, or one-on-one fights instead? I personally prefer one-on-one, since I believe someone is unworthy to even be a gatekeeper among them,” Gong Yu stared at the golden-haired Okamoto and cut straight to the topic.

“We’ll do one-on-one fights then. The two teams will each send five representatives for the fights,” agreed Advisor Tegami.

“Advisor, let me have a go. Even a huge place like China has people that behave like a frog at the bottom of a well. I believe I’m the perfect candidate to teach such a person a lesson,” Okamoto was the first to volunteer.

Tegami shook her head and said, “They are our guests. We’ll let them pick their opponents.”

Gong Yu immediately fixed his gaze on Okamoto and said, “I’ll choose him then.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Advisor, the dueling grounds are ready. The safety formation is working normally,” a disciple came up and reported to Tegami respectfully.

Tegami nodded and said to the crowd, “Let’s not waste our time then, to the dueling grounds!”

—

The dueling grounds of the West Guardian Tower faced the ocean to the south. It was a huge platform extending out from the cliff. When the place was not in use, it could be used as a heliport instead. The crowd saw a black helicopter flying in the direction of the maritime battlefield when they arrived.

The platform was a lot bigger than they had imagined. It was almost big enough to be used as a runway for a jet.

The platform was shaped like a polygon. Three of its vertexes were exposed in the air around eight hundred meters from the bottom. Apart from the invisible barrier, there was no barricade surrounding the platform. The platform was not very thick either, supported by pillars extending up and out from the mountain below.

If the foundation of the platform was not solid enough, such a spacious and thin platform would be easily destroyed by the energy of the spells during a duel.

“The platform is made of Ash Crystal. Don’t worry if you think the platform isn’t strong enough to endure your spells. Your level is too weak to unleash energy strong enough to destroy it,” the female student who challenged Jiang Shaoxu before sneered at them.

The student was called Koike Shoko. The alluring temperament originating from her bones had already clashed with Jiang Shaoxu’s aura during the feast. It was obvious that Jiang Shaoxu was determined to beat the crap out of her!

Similarly, Koike Shoko was quite bothered by Jiang Shaoxu’s remarks. She had never seen such a shameless Chinese woman before!

“We don’t hit rocks, we’re only interested in slapping faces,” Jiang Shaoxu subconsciously replied, knowing Koike Shoko was trash talking them.

Koike Shoko just giggled before she shifted her gaze in the other direction. The smile on her face quickly vanished.

—

“You have some time to discuss things among your team,” said Tegami.

Ai Jiangtu led the team to the seats on one side of the platform. He was initially going to discuss matters with the team, but looked helpless when he noticed some of them were already unleashing their wrath on the people at the other side.

The candidates were already decided.

“We’re done, those three will represent us in the duels,” said Ai Jiangtu.

The three candidates were none other than Jiang Shaoxu, Gong Yu, and Mo Fan who had already chosen their opponents.

“Didn’t we already make it clear during the feast? You will send out five candidates to take part in five one-on-one fights. Are you regretting it now?” said Okamoto.

“There are five duels, so that means it’s best of three right?” asked Ai Jiangtu in return.

“So you’ve only picked three people?” A Japanese commander raised his thick brows. His eyes were flickering with anger.

As a matter of fact, if he was thirty years younger, he would volunteer to teach these arrogant Chinese representatives a lesson himself! These guys were showing no respect for their national training hall at all!

“Captain is the real cocky one!” Jiang Yu secretly raised his thumbs to Ai Jiangtu.

“Let’s be real, I’m giving him ten out of ten for that,” Zhao Manyan smiled.

“But, that also means Jiang Shaoxu, Gong Yu, and Mo Fan can’t lose their fights,” wondered Nanyu.

“I’m not sure about the others, but there’s no way I’m losing mine,” Gong Yu stepped forward. It was obvious that he was eager to take the first fight!

Gong Yu slowly walked up to the students representing Japan. There were ten gatekeepers for the national embassy, including Okamoto and Mochizuki Chihaya.

Nine of them were kneeling in a row with a white band tied on their forehead. In Japan, it symbolized their unyielding spirit, but in China, such things were worn by people mourning for their parents or relatives.