Chapter 783: Control of the Plant Element

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“Let’s begin!” said Fujikata Tegami.

The distance between Mo Fan and Mochizuki Chihaya was fifty meters. Normally, in a duel between Magicians, anyone would secure the advantage by initiating the attack. After all, an Intermediate Magician only had a limited number of spells available, thus the duel would always come down to taking turns to blast one another with spells, like a turn-based video game.

However, Mochizuki Chihaya did not move. She did not draw the Star Orbits, as if she was purposely letting Mo Fan attack first. She simply stood there and watched Mo Fan closely with a proud expression on her face.

Her gaze was sharp and disdainful, yet it did not lack focus. Mo Fan knew the Japanese woman was no ordinary opponent, so he was not planning to go easy on her. He immediately summoned a few Lightning Strikes.

Mo Fan clenched his fists. The Lightning Strikes immediately grew thicker. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Mo Fan continued to cast the same spell. The Lightning Strikes eventually combined into a long, thick lightning whip, which Mo Fan grabbed on one end.

“Your control of the Lightning Element isn’t bad, transforming the Lightning Strikes freely,” Mochizuki Chihaya remarked simply. She did not show any signs of panic.

Mo Fan was not in the mood to talk. He flung his arm and lashed the lightning whip in Mochizuki Chihaya’s direction.

The lightning whip crackled loudly as it traveled in the air. Threads of lightning crackled in the air, paralyzing anything that they came into contact with!

Mochizuki Chihaya still had no intention of dodging the approaching attack. She finally stomped her right foot on the ground when the lightning whip was right within inches!

A gray-blue Chinese bellflower five giant petals appeared under her foot out of nowhere with. Every petal was like a shield taller than a man. The five petals surrounded Mochizuki Chihaya like walls.

The lightning whip struck the walls of petals hard. Lightning arcs immediately crawled across the petals wildly!

Unfortunately, the Lightning Element was not so effective against the plant. Even the paralyzing effect barely made any difference. It was Mo Fan’s first time seeing someone able to summon defensive walls with the Plant Element, and he showed his surprise.

Control over different Elements was extremely important to every Magician. The spells that each Element provided at each level were fixed, yet when the Magicians were adept at casting them, they could further alter their forms.

For example, if Mo Fan summoned a few Lightning Strikes in a row, he could combine the Lightning Strikes into a lightning whip. If Mo Fan was still in the Basic Level or Intermediate Level, he would not be able to do so, yet his control over the Lightning Element had grown a lot stronger at the Advanced Level, allowing him to use his spells in various ways!

On the other hand, Mochizuki Chihaya obviously had great control over the Plant Element. Otherwise, there was no way the spells of the Plant Element could build a wall.

“If lightning isn’t working, have a taste of my fire!” Mo Fan did not lower his guard as he already knew he was going against a tough opponent.

Mo Fan’s hand trembled as the lightning slowly dispersed. As the lightning arcs were still spreading in the air, blazing red flames blossomed in front of him.

The flames floated in front of Mo Fan. He swiftly grabbed them and ignited his fists...

“Do you think I’ll give you the chance!?” said Mochizuki Chihaya.

The shields made of petals vanished instantly. Mochizuki Chihaya flicked her finger Mo Fan’s direction and fired a seed with a gray-blue sheen on its surface onto the ground close to Mo Fan.

The ground began to crack open, with young saplings bursting out of the gaps.

Mo Fan lowered his gaze and shockingly discovered something. He immediately stomped his foot on the ground and launched himself into the air without hesitation...

After reaching the Advanced Level, even without the Blood Tabi, Mo Fan could still jump around twenty meters into the air at full force!

As Mo Fan was rising in the air, the saplings on the ground grew at an insane pace, as if a few tones of fertilizers had been onto them. In just the time between Mo Fan’s jump and reaching the highest point, the barren ground was already crawling with thick, gray-blue shrubs!

The plants continued to grow. They were able to detect Mo Fan’s presence as if they were alive. They immediately lunged at Mo Fan as he was still in the air. Mo Fan lowered his head and saw more than ten vines, branches, and twigs chasing after him, and they had almost reached his ankles.

The rate of growth of the plants was too crazy, as was the way they chased after their prey. Mo Fan felt they were not plants, but the tentacles of some enormous octopus!

“Trying to trap me? In your dreams!”

Mo Fan was fearless too. He immediately stepped on one of the vines that was slightly slower in reaction as he was falling.

Mo Fan leapt higher into the air using the rebound from the vine, trying to escape from the Forest of Kun.

Mo Fan would be done for if he was trapped within the Forest of Kun. The whole place was under the woman’s control. He would find himself surrounded by her army of plants.

The plants grew like monsters on the spacious dueling ground. Mo Fan’s minuscule figure was like a flying bug trying to escape from some man-eating plants. Luckily, he was quite agile. He kept leaping higher into the air despite the risks involved, as he knew he would be devoured by the Forest of Kun if he fell to the ground.

Mo Fan was still in the air, trying to land on a relatively safe spot.

To his surprise, the coverage of the Forest of Kun was bigger than he had imagined. The detestable plants had already spread out like the mouths of alligators, waiting for their prey to land in the pond!

“Fiery Fist!” Mo Fan knew he had no chance to escape from the plants. He decisively hurled the flames on his burning fists at Mochizuki Chihaya not far away.

The Fiery Fists glided through the air and flew at Mochizuki Chihaya at an angle.

Mochizuki Chihaya did not expect Mo Fan to be so stubborn. He insisted on attacking her even when he was about to fall onto the ground crawling with her plants.

Mochizuki Chihaya stopped focusing on the growth of the plants. She crossed her hands in front of her and controlled the plants to form a wall, defending herself from Mo Fan’s dominating fire!

The Fiery Fists collided with the plants and triggered a great explosion. The walls of vines were blown to pieces, snapping the vines as flames spread across the place.

Mo Fan landed safely when Mochizuki Chihaya switched into a defensive stance. He quickly escaped from the area covered with seeds.

The Forest of Kun was also known as the Seed of Kun. Even though Mochizuki Chihaya had only thrown a single seed on the ground, the seed was able to grow into roots covering the area within a few hundred meters. She could easily command it to grow into a whole Forest of Kun, or just the roots in a certain area, as she wished...