Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 838: Galaxy Vein

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

After spending some time shopping, enjoying some pleasant food, and drinking some booze, Mo Fan believed that he was surely following the right procedure for a home run. {TL Note: You can find the definition of ‘home run’ used here on Urban Dictionary}

Mu Ningxue seemed a little bit dizzy. The usual icy look in her eyes now had a hint of charm. Her pale-white skin had an alluring pink shade to it. Mo Fan could feel his heart pounding when he looked at her.

A long time ago, when Mu Ningxue was playing with the kids who lived close to her family’s villa back in Bo City, Mo Fan had already a crush for her. Back then, even her fingernails were delicately polished.

Her princess temperament made her look like a gorgeous phoenix among the girls.

If someone were to ask Mo Fan his greatest ambition when he was young, he would definitely say it was to marry the little princess!

Today, he finally had a chance to date her, and was carrying her as they returned to his room. Mo Fan had the feeling that his ambition was about to come true!

The alcohol was quite strong. Mu Ningxue was totally unaware that the cunning Mo Fan was helping her to his room. It was nighttime, the others had basically gone out. The intoxicated Mu Ningxue was a helpless little lamb in Mo Fan’s eyes. No one could possibly respond to her scream for help!

Mo Fan had waited so long for this day, the toad could finally have a taste of the graceful swan... err, somehow the description was not really appropriate. Forget it, whatever, it was still going to be an unforgettable night for him.

As a matter of fact, Mo Fan was a little nervous when he was trying to unlock his door. He failed to insert the key into the hole a couple of times...

“Is...is this my room?” Mu Ningxue rubbed her head. She finally felt the kick from the alcohol’s aftereffect. She did not feel the effects at the start.

“Yeah, it is,” said Mo Fan with a nod. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Mu Ningxue did not doubt it. She staggered into the room.

Mo Fan grabbed the handle and was about to follow Mu Ningxue in when she grabbed the key from his hand and slammed the door shut!

Mo Fan almost hit the door with his nose. He soon heard the door locking...

“Hey, hey!” Mo Fan knocked on the door.

Mu Ningxue ignored the shout. She was feeling too dizzy. She saw the bed and fell onto it. She curled up in the blanket and fell asleep like a little kitten.

Mu Ningxue totally ignored Mo Fan no matter how hard he was knocking on the door.

Mo Fan’s face darkened as he stood outside the door.

As he thought, the story would never go according to his script...

—-

Mo Fan sat silently in the hall for a while. As he recalled the day, he did agree that he had enjoyed spending the day with Mu Ningxue. It had been a long time since they had last spent some time together, especially after they had both grown up...

He sighed. She would eventually be his, there was no need to rush it. Today was a great start, and the days were still long!

Having this thought, Mo Fan felt a lot better. Since he could no longer return to his room, he decided to go into Mu Ningxue’s room instead. Her bed still had her perfume. Mo Fan felt like he was drowning in joy as he laid down on it.

Tsk tsk, it felt so great just sleeping on her bed. The thought of sleeping together with her...

It looks like he’ll have to speed up the process, to hit the iron when it’s hot.

As a man, he should turn his goddess into a MILF as quickly as possible!

—-

For the next few days, it felt like the others on the team were extremely busy. They were away most of the time.

On the other hand, Mo Fan and Mu Ningxue seemed to be the freest. At their current level, cultivating or not would not make any difference at all, especially for Mu Ningxue. Even if she spent all her time meditating, she had no chance of breaking through the sturdy barrier surrounding her Nebula. Being hardworking alone was not enough to solve the problem she was facing.

Since everyone was busy on their own, Mo Fan continued to go on dates with Mu Ningxue. They went to Tokyo after they had tried everything in the East Maritime Fortress. The developed city had endless places and attractions to visit, and unlimited food to try out.

Mu Ningxue was having a pleasant time too. She basically forgot all about her cultivating.

“If only we came during the spring blossom season,” she sighed.

The spring blossoms in Japan was stunning indeed. It went without saying that every girl would imagine themselves wearing a dress under the spring blossom trees while attracting the attention of the pedestrians passing by...

After placing the burden of cultivation and competition aside, Mu Ningxue only wanted to experience the things that she had missed out on for many years, be it the people or the things around her.

Cultivating was extremely monotonous. She completely forgot when she had given up on the beautiful bracelets, dolls, hairpins, and necklaces. All her attention was on the Stars, Star Orbits, and Star Patterns instead. The vast Nebula did have its own charm, making it hard for someone to stop pursuing the next level. However, the life she was currently living was very different than the one she had imagined initially. She had lived like a robot. She always thought she would only need to endure it for another year, and everything would be fine. She always thought the difficulties she was facing implied that she was very close to being successful. However, when she calmed down, she realized that she had not gained anything... but had lost many things in the process.

She had lost her innocence, her romance, and the color in her life.

“Your mood seems to be changing these days,” said Mo Fan.

“Everything will eventually come to an end,” replied Mu Ningxue.

“So you’re saying that it’s time for you to come out from the ice after spending ten years cultivating diligently in it?” added Mo Fan, totally aware of Mu Ningxue’s thoughts.

“Even I need a rest at times,” said Mu Ningxue.

“Let me help you,” Mo Fan knew what the girl was troubled with.

The teenage girl who had been enjoying herself to the fullest for the past few days was not the real her, either. She was only feeling extremely helpless against the barrier entrapping her. Therefore, she decided to forget about it and enjoy the time she had left, hoping she could find a way to solve the problem when the time came.

However, Mo Fan knew she would not give up just like that.

In a few days, she would return to cultivating diligently. No matter how thick the barrier was, she would try relentlessly to break through it, despite the uncertainties. She would not be Mu Ningxue if she was satisfied with her current state, and simply enjoyed the spring blossoms and pleasant food just like an ordinary girl.

Mo Fan was not naive enough to believe that she had actually thought it through and decided to enjoy some intimate time with him. She was only trying to liven her mood, before preparing herself for the final attempt!

“You have so many Elements to look after. You need more resources than I do; you don’t need to help me,” said Mu Ningxue.

“I can get the resources later, but the chance is gone if you miss it. Here, take this,” said Mo Fan, taking a crystalline object out from his pocket.

Mu Ningxue was stunned. The thing in Mo Fan’s hand was the same Galaxy Vein she had seen at Tokyo’s marketplace recently without a doubt. She clearly remembered the lines on it!