Chapter 901: Tearing the Cursed Beast Apart with Bare Hands!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The light of the flames lit up Mo Fan’s expressionless face. The Sky-Flame Funeral almost destroyed the chamber. Even the soil above the ceiling started to collapse and fell down, forming a hill in the center of the scorched Chamber of Sacrifice!

The disciples were all inside the chamber. Even those who reacted fairly quickly were still devoured by the Sky-Flame Funeral. No matter how fast they ran, they were no match for the speed of the fire...

Not a single disciple managed to survive. Even Mo Fan had lost count of how many there were. Was it twenty, or thirty? Either way, he would let Lingling handle it later. He was going to get paid the right amount!

He had to admit that the Gray Priests of the Black Vatican did have a trick or two up their sleeves. As the Sky-Flame Funeral eliminated the shrimpy disciples, four Gray Priests were able to rely on their Earth Spells and defensive equipment to survive the flames. They were fleeing to the exits opposite the entrance quickly despite their heavily burned bodies.

Mo Fan was too lazy to care about the disciples that were gasping their last breaths as they lay on the ground. The Sky-Flame Funeral would last for quite a while. No matter how hard they were struggling, they would all end up as charred corpses.

Mo Fan quickened his pace. He wove through the sea of flames over ten meters high, his eyes never leaving the four Gray Priests that were trying to run away.

One Gray Priest was worth nine million. Two of them would be eighteen million. Three would be twenty-seven million, and four would be thirty-six million!

-Run, where do you think you’re running to?- “Giant Shadow Spike: Thorns of the Shadow Rose!”

After Mo Fan raced through the walls of flame, he immediately cast the Shadow Spell, tossing the Giant Shadow Spikes between his fingers into the air.

The Thorns of the Shadow Rose did not necessarily have to fly in a straight line. They could even appear at a blind spot under Mo Fan’s will. As Mo Fan gradually caught up to the thirty-six million... uhh, the four Gray Priests, he immediately launched the six Thorns of the Shadow Rose into their shadows!

After turning the corner, Mo Fan immediately set his gaze on a Gray Priest whose legs were severely burned.

“Go!”

Two Thorns of the Shadow Rose appeared, one on the left and the other on the right, stabbing at the legs of the Gray Priest, who was slower than the others.

The Gray Priest immediately tumbled forward as his legs were sealed off, slamming into the wall hard. He had likely broken his teeth!

The Gray Priest was desperate. He quickly picked up his bloody teeth and tried to start running again, yet he could no longer control his lower body. His shadow was nailed to the wall, impairing his movement. His whole body was tightly bound by the dark energy, unless he was able to unleash a stronger force to break free from it...

“Who are you? How dare you sneak into our sacred base? You will be tortured by the God of Death!” the Gray Priest turned around with great effort and cursed at Mo Fan.

“You sound really funny when you talk. God of Death my ass, just a mentally-retarded maniac who enjoys killing people.” Mo Fan was amused, as the Gray Priest who could not even talk properly after losing his teeth was still trying to confront him.

The Gray Priest was obviously rather fanatical. He immediately went all out to kill Mo Fan after hearing the man calling his beloved Senior Salan a maniac!

However, how could he possibly cast a spell while he was restricted by Mo Fan’s Giant Shadow Spike: Thorns of the Shadow Rose? The toothless Gray Priest’s cultivation was obviously a lot weaker than Mo Fan’s.

The Gray Priest soon realized that he could not even draw a single Star Pattern. He started screaming wildly while waving his hands around.

“Do you seriously think I won’t notice the Cursed Beast on the wall trying to ambush me just because of your silly acts? I’m quite familiar with your little pets!” Mo Fan snarled, while clenching his left fist.

Lightning arcs suddenly appeared around them at Mo Fan’s will. They gathered into Mo Fan’s hand, into a long lightning whip!

PA!

The Cursed Beast trying to ambush Mo Fan was still in the air when the lightning whip landed on it perfectly.

If the lightning arcs were split up, their paralyzing effect would be a lot weaker against a Warrior-level. However, the lightning whip consisting of dozens of lightning arcs stacked together, and could instantly paralyze a Warrior-level creature!

The lightning from the whip coursed through the Cursed Beast, and before the creature that was trying to ambush Mo Fan could recover, it immediately felt two invisible forces grabbing its body...

“I should be able to do it to a small Warrior-level creature?” Mo Fan mumbled to himself.

As soon as he finished the sentence, Mo Fan immediately waved his silver hands in opposite directions. The same motion immediately applied to the Space Energy holding the Cursed Beast.

Mo Fan’s physical strength was not too impressive, but it was totally different when the Space Element’s Telekinesis was involved. The Cursed Beast, whose flesh was just as sturdy as a normal Warrior-level creature, was unable to endure such a powerful pulling force!

The Cursed Beast simply stood no chance against the force. It was torn in half by Mo Fan’s will!

Watching a Cursed Beast get torn apart with bare hands, the sealed Gray Priest’s eyes almost fell out from their sockets...

-Is he seriously just a Magician?- DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

It was obvious that the Gray Priest had never seen the mysterious Space Element before. A Space Magician with outstanding control could even turn themselves invisible, enlarge, or strengthen their movements.

The truth was, most Space Magicians would not use the Space Element in this manner. It was more effective to attack directly with Telekinesis. However, Mo Fan believed he already had quite a number of ranged attacks, thus it was necessary for him to learn some strong melee moves. As such, whenever Mo Fan was practicing the Space Element, he would try to combine its power with his limbs!

Mo Fan did not waste his time further on the Gray Priest. He proceeded to chase after the others that had escaped.

—

The Gray Priest had just recovered from his astonishment after watching the Cursed Beast being torn in half. He was surprised when he realized that the intruding Magician did not kill him.

He found it hard to believe. He even looked in Mo Fan’s direction and confirmed that the intruder had raced into the distance.

The Gray Priest let out a relieved sigh, as he thought the Magician had spared his life. To his surprise, he suddenly felt a strong wave of heat surging at him from the Chamber of Sacrifice. Not long afterwards, the bright flames were spreading rapidly in his direction.

The sea of flames produced by the Sky-Flame Funeral was still spreading. The flames would reach him in no time...

The fear in the eyes of the broken-toothed Gray Priest grew stronger as he watched the fire getting closer.

If he had known he would be experiencing the taste of being burned by the flames twice, he would have chosen to be burned to death together with the disciples in the chamber!