Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 918: Someone is Giving Money!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

“I swear I’m going to kill him!” Meos went mad as soon as she regained consciousness.

She had never felt so humiliated before. The taste of being defeated utterly was worse than being killed. She was a genius. There was basically no one in the institutes in Egypt that could fight her, except the maniac Schindler. Therefore, she did not often treat others with respect.

However, she had lost to a defender in China! It was a complete defeat, a thorough humiliation!

Her opponent told her that he would finish the fight with a single punch. She had already set up layers of defense beforehand, yet she was still knocked flying...

She was on the verge of losing her mind. She had to find that man at all costs, and pay him back ten, or even a hundredfold!

“Meos, please calm down. Even though I have no idea why a guy like him is only a defender at the Training Hall, he is surely going to appear during the World College Tournament, considering how talented he is. I don’t believe China would give up on such a strong candidate. As long as he is on the national team, you will have a chance to get your revenge. By then, the whole world will be watching; it’s not the same as fighting inside an enclosed hall,” said Sayed.

Sayed was a proud man. He also wanted to get his revenge.

However, was there any meaning to acting tough and strong now? They had yet to show their true colors. Once they arrived in Venice, it was difficult to tell who would be defeating their opponent with a single move!

Meos gradually calmed down after hearing this.

However, after what she had been through, she felt that she could not afford to be satisfied with her current strength. She had to contact Cairo and ask the ancient royal family to prepare resources for her!

Meos naively thought she would be able to crush most candidates of every country with her current strength. To her surprise, she tasted defeat just after the team arrived in China, dealing a severe blow to her ego. She was currently like an enraged princess!

—-

After driving the Egyptian team away, the Training Hall started cheering.

The defenders initially thought they would no longer have to suffer continuous losses after having Mu Ningxue around. To their surprise, Mo Fan and his monstrous strength had joined them too!

Bai Dongwei was very satisfied. That being said, he simply had no clue what Mo Fan was thinking, choosing to be a defender when he could easily stay on the national team.

Regardless, the countries that were planning to get an approval stamp from the Chinese Training Hall were most likely going to suffer. If they were smug like the Egyptian team, they would never get a single approval stamp from the Training Hall!

When Bai Dongwei imagined how the Chinese Training Hall was going to have the highest rate of failure for the national teams, his heart was filled with joy, as a remarkable glory awaited them!

—- Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

After the Egyptian team, a few other smaller countries visited them. Their strength was not outstanding in particular. Many times, the Chinese team was able to win without Mo Fan’s help.

Mo Fan knew his main focus was not to grind his win rate at the Training Hall. He had to continue to improve, and he needed a huge amount of resources. Otherwise, the others would simply leave him behind.

——

A month went by in the blink of an eye after the Black Vatican’s branch was wiped out. A huge sum of money was transferred into Mo Fan’s account. His phone almost exploded from receiving so many calls from the managers and vice-managers of different banks!

Mo Fan’s initial plan was to use the money to buy a Galaxy Vein for improving his Shadow Element to the Advanced Level, and the remaining thirty million on resources for the Space Element.

Mo Fan stuck to the plan and proceeded to cultivate inside the Three Step Tower. To Mo Fan, the place was now just like his backyard. Dean Xiao would simply grant him access whenever he wanted to visit it, since Mo Fan was easily stronger than most candidates on the national team. It was only a matter of time until he fought his way back!

Unfortunately, Mo Fan failed in his attempt to improve the Shadow Element!

Mo Fan thought his Shadow Element was close to being fully saturated, yet when it received the energy provided by the Galaxy Vein, it only managed to leave a crack on the barrier instead of thoroughly breaking it to expand the Nebula. Mo Fan was utterly disappointed.

It felt like he was putting money in jeopardy...

As a matter of fact, it was not necessarily that he had wasted the money. The energy of the Galaxy Vein would not just disappear. Even though Mo Fan felt that the Shadow Element was on the verge of having a breakthrough, it was still a distance away from improving to the Advanced Level. The energy of the Galaxy Vein was actually closing the distance!

Mo Fan was still too naive. If it was that easy to have a breakthrough, there would be a lot more Advanced Magicians in society. It would not be the gap that separated tens of thousands of Magicians.

——

Despite being bothered by the bad news, Liu Ru soon brought Mo Fan a piece of good news.

The Enforcement Union had arrested the owner of the manor and ranches on Chongming Island. Ownership of the luxurious place was suddenly granted to the second-biggest shareholder.

However, there were problems with the second-biggest shareholder’s identity, too. The person was actually a member of the Blood Tribe! He was almost arrested by the Enforcement Union, despite not being involved with the Black Vatican.

Liu Ru told Mo Fan that if he could help the person by not stopping the Enforcement Union arrest him, he was willing to give Mo Fan the majority of his shares as a token of appreciation.

Mo Fan was overwhelmingly flattered by the news...

However, he had his own principles when it came to receiving money. He had to make sure that the Blood Tribe was not related to the Black Vatican at all. He asked Leng Qing to investigate the person.

“The Blood Tribe’s name is Pinoc. As a matter of fact, he actually contributed to us by gathering the information that implied that Salan had escaped through the manor. He isn’t related to the Black Vatican, but he did have some criminal records. It’s fine if you want to arrest him. Otherwise, your little maidservant will have to keep an eye on him,” reminded Leng Qing.

The Enforcement Union would not be able to wipe out all the evil influences hiding in a big city. Most of the Blood Tribe’s deeds did not endanger human lives, and they were simply living in the dark and minding their own business. As Old Bao had mentioned, instead of putting in effort to wipe them out, and making room for another bunch of lawless existences to disturb the peace of the city, it was better to let them be, and maintain order in the dark.

Leng Qing was mainly responsible for the dark side of the Magic City. If Mo Fan’s maidservant Liu Ru was able to keep the Blood Tribe under control, she would not mind turning a blind eye.

“Liu Ru is pretty strong among the Blood Tribe. She can easily keep an eye on Pinoc,” mused Mo Fan.

Liu Ru would not lie to him. If she said that Pinoc was sincerely trying to be a good person and leave his evil past behind to focus on making money, there would not be any problem. The Blood Tribe could also form blood pacts with one another, and those that broke them would be punished severely.

After Pinoc was released from custody, he claimed possession of the huge property. He learned from Liu Ru that Mo Fan had failed his attempt at breaking through, and he gifted Mo Fan a Galaxy Vein without hesitation to express his gratitude.

Mo Fan almost lost his mind when he saw a high-quality Galaxy Vein presented to him!

“Every now and then, the little ones in the Blood Tribe will offer me money, too. I don’t really need it, so I will just transfer it to your account.” Liu Ru smiled when she saw the joy on Mo Fan’s face.

To her, being able to help Mo Fan in any way was the best thing ever!