Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 930: The Undying Mo Fan!

___Translated by XephiZ___

Edited by Aelryinth

Not long ago, when Mo Fan raised his head and looked at the sky through the gap of the canyon, he had marveled at the spectacular view. However, when he saw the whole canyon being filled up by the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons, he suddenly felt he was stuck in the worst place in the world!

Considering the situation, Mo Fan did not dare to preserve his strength. He immediately asked Little Flame Belle to Possess him, and utilized his strongest power.

“Meteorite Fist: Nine Dragons!”

Mo Fan was engulfed in fierce flames. The fist formed from the Calamity Fire and Rose Flame rocketed forward!

Nine fiery dragons charged at the Earth Elemental Creatures wildly. The flames surged across the place. It was the strongest attack that Mo Fan had, yet it only managed to clear a path fewer than twenty meters long when used against the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons.

The move with a strength comparable to an Advanced Spell only managed to kill six Forbidden Moon Rock Demons!

-Such an outstanding defense!-, Mo Fan groaned inwardly.

He now understood why the national team was at risk of being wiped out when they were stuck in the canyon before. These Forbidden Moon Rock Demons were as sturdy as the orange-red cliffs!

If Mo Fan was fighting these Forbidden Moon Rock Demons on open ground, he would not be afraid of them, since they were extremely slow, and he could easily run away from them. However, he was currently in a narrow canyon. The Forbidden Moon Rock Demons were basically crushing machines approaching him from all directions. It did not matter how agile or how fast he was!

Mo Fan could feel his adrenaline rising. With such an overwhelming number of demon creatures, and such an extreme terrain, any other Advanced Magician would be crushed into minced meat in a few minutes!

“Giant Shadow Spike: Thorns of the Shadow Rose!”

Six shadow spikes flew out and sealed off the movements of six Forbidden Moon Rock Demons approaching him from behind.

The six Forbidden Moon Rock Demons were rooted to one spot. They roughly formed a wall blocking the other creatures coming from behind...

However, it was only a temporary solution. These were all Warrior-level creatures, the Giant Shadow Spikes would not hold them for long!

Two Forbidden Moon Rock Demons over five meters tall raised their arms and swung them at the tiny Mo Fan. Their fists were like rock hammers, smashing holes in the ground.

Mo Fan hid inside his shadow and moved past the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons between their legs. He managed to advance another ten meters.

The Forbidden Moon Rock Demons were quite sensitive to the presence of the Shadow Element. Mo Fan was planning to sneak forward along the walls when he saw a fist of red rock coming right at him. He quickly left the shadow in a panic and kicked the wall to launch himself into the air...

“Blood Tabi!”

Mo Fan activated his Blood Tabi. His legs were covered in a blood-red light.

He nimbly jumped onto the Forbidden Moon Rock Demon’s fist and used it as a platform to launch himself ahead.

After kicking the wall on his left, Mo Fan launched himself onto the head of a Forbidden Moon Rock Demon. However, before he could stabilize himself, a huge rock fell from above.

“Telekinesis!” Mo Fan quickly lifted his gaze and used his will to stop the rock in the air!

Mo Fan’s eyes emitted a silver glow as he used his will to control more than ten rocks that were falling down from above.

The rocks were covered in a silver light. They were tossed ahead of him, knocking a bunch of Forbidden Moon Rock Demons to the ground. Mo Fan quickly took hold of the opportunity to move another ten meters forward.

“Gravity!”

The silver glow of the Space Element burst out of Mo Fan once again, and immediately formed a rhomboid ahead. Space was being compressed, and a strong pressure pushed down on the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons.

The Forbidden Moon Rock Demons’ weight was shocking to begin with. After the gravity field was applied to them, they had trouble even lifting their arms. Their heavy bodies were slowly sinking into the ground.

“Fire Sword! Die!”

Fierce flames rose from his hand and formed a burning sword over ten meters long. Mo Fan lifted the sword with both hands and slashed ahead. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The slash sent waves of flames in both directions. The fire completely filled up his vision ahead within an instant, knocking the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons to the ground.

“Lightning!’

Mo Fan continuously altered between his Elements. Knowing that he had cleared the danger around him, he took out a Lightning Constellation Scroll and poured his energy into it.

He was grateful for the Star Constellation Scrolls that Miss Tangyue had given him, enabling him to draw Lightning Star Constellations without needing to divert his attention when he was in great trouble.

“Death upon you!” Mo Fan roared.

The Lightning Constellation was blindingly bright, the strong presence of Lightning stopped the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons from getting any closer.

The Lightning Beam sprang forward and blasted a scorching hole through the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons, killing the creatures instantly!

A large group of Forbidden Moon Rock Demons ahead fell to the ground, giving Mo Fan a clearer view of the path ahead. He had finally reached the corner...

He had only moved a hundred meters forward, yet only he knew how difficult it was to advance a hundred meters in the canyon. When he recalled the mocking grin on Lu Yilin’s face, his heart was immediately filled with raging flames!

However, did Lu Yilin seriously think he could kill him without any evidence, even assuming that his body would be crushed into pieces?

There was no way he would die in a place like this!

“What is that?” Mo Fan suddenly noticed a different color from the orange-red cliffs on the wall close to the corner. The thing was smooth and clean like a crystal, it looked completely out of place.

The Lightning Beam had blasted a hole on the wall, revealing the diamond-like substance underneath it. Mo Fan could even feel an enormous energy being kept inside it...

Mo Fan used his quickest speed to reach the corner. The Lightning Beam had given Mo Fan some time to catch his breath, and also helped him to discover the crystal inside the wall!

“I’ll check it out later,” Mo Fan pulled the crystal the size of a goose egg out of the wall and put it away.

After turning the corner, Mo Fan subconsciously gasped...

There were so many of the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons that the whole path was completely blocked off. He could not see even the slightest gap!

Such a narrow space stacked up with so many Warrior-level creatures, he simply had no chance of getting out alive!

Taking a deep breath, Mo Fan knew he had no choice but to clear a path out. He had to do it no matter how numb his scalp was.

“Rocket Wings Flying Punch!”

Mo Fan turned into a missile engulfed in flames. It felt like he was drilling into a thick wall, every step forward felt extraordinarily difficult.

The strongest Rocket Wings Flying Punch had shattered the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons into pieces, yet he had only managed to move twenty meters forward.

“Thousand Piercing Fire Feathers, fire!”

Mo Fan’s eyes had turned bloodshot from killing the creatures mindlessly. His ears were constantly deafened by the echoes of the deafening explosions.

As soon as the Blood Tabi’s duration ended, Mo Fan put on the Black Snake Armor.

Even when he was smashed into the ground by the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons, he sprang up to his feet immediately. At times, he was knocked a few meters deep into the walls, yet he continued to smash the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons into pieces with his unyielding might!

“There’s fire ahead of us, there’s fire!” yelled Zhao Manyan in excitement.

Ai Jiangtu was leading the team as they made their way back into the canyon. Everyone was low in spirits, as they all assumed Mo Fan was dead for sure.

However, as they advanced around fifty meters, they immediately saw flames rising ahead of them. Zhao Manyan was incredibly familiar with the combination of blazing red Rose Flame and brown Calamity Fire!

“Are you serious? How is he not dead yet?” exclaimed Li Kaifeng.

“Regroup with him!” Ai Jiangtu was as unstoppable as always. He continued to lead the way.

Unfortunately, both his Space Element and Curse Element were not as effective against the thick walls of rocks. As a result, even though he was the strongest on the team, he was having trouble clearing a path.

“Tone: Kill!” Nanyu used both hands to fire sonic projectiles with her invisible bow.

The attack was surprisingly effective against the Earth Elemental Creatures. The vibration of the sonic wave was able to swiftly shatter their thick stone bodies to pieces!

“Mo Fan, Mo Fan, don’t you f**king die!” Zhao Manyan’s eyes were bloodshot too. He quickly moved past more than ten Forbidden Moon Rock Demons.

He finally caught a glimpse of Mo Fan.

The Black Snake Armor was dangling from his body like scrap metal. His body was covered in bruises and bloody wounds, yet he remained standing. Two Forbidden Moon Rock Demons were trying to smash him into minced meat, yet they were blasted into pieces by Mo Fan’s lightning!

When everyone saw Mo Fan, he was being surrounded by lightning, standing on the corpses of the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons with an imperious aura.

“It took you guys... long enough,” Mo Fan turned around with a grin on his filthy face.

The smile was extremely spooky to Lu Yilin! He could not believe his eyes at all...

-Mo Fan’s not dead!

-The guy was trapped inside the canyon for so long, yet he’s still not dead!-

-How is this possible, he only reached the Advanced Level recently. How did he manage to stay alive until now?-

“Did...did you kill all of these?” Jiang Shaoxu’s mouth was wide open.

The path was fully stacked with countless corpses of the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons. It was the same all the way to the corner, and there seemed to be more around the corner, too!

They had all become Advanced Magicians recently too; how did he even do it!?

This time, even Ai Jiangtu was stunned. He was completely astounded by Mo Fan’s strength...

It felt like, even if they had not come back, Mo Fan could still make his way out of the canyon on his own!

“Plummeting Rays!” Zhao Manyan cast the Advanced Light Spell that Summoned more than a thousand glowing seals. They were like golden scales as they flew at Mo Fan and attached to him.

Zhao Manyan was well aware of his role. Even when he was practicing the Advanced Spell Plummeting Rays, he had been treating it like a defensive spell. The seals of light circled around Mo Fan. Even if ten Forbidden Moon Rock Demons were attacking Mo Fan, it would take them some time to break through the defense.

With Zhao Manyan’s defensive spell, Mo Fan was like a tiger with wings. He proceeded to annihilate all the Forbidden Moon Rock Demons standing in his path!