Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 966: Crazily Talented Student

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

The extraordinary presence of fire that Casso sensed was from Little Flame Belle.

The truth was, Little Flame Belle had not fully awakened yet, but her mind was synchronized with Mo Fan’s. When she sensed her daddy in danger, she unconsciously unleashed her flame to lend Mo Fan a hand, giving him her control over the Calamity Fire.

Mo Fan could easily tell that Little Flame Belle’s strength was improving rapidly. Normally, the Meteorite Fist was nowhere near strong enough to inflict damage to the thick-skinned Casso. It only worked because Little Flame Belle had grown stronger, thus making Mo Fan stronger when she possessed him!

Little Flame Belle was in a half-asleep state. Once she fully woke up, Mo Fan believed Little Flame Belle would be as strong as some of the Commander-level creatures on her own, and even stronger when she was possessing him.

Casso found himself rather intimidated by Little Flame Belle’s strength.

On the other hand, Mo Fan was no longer scared of the outstanding defense of Casso’s poison flesh after he gained control over Little Flame Belle’s abilities. While the fiery feathers were still around, Mo Fan dashed at Casso at explosive speed!

This time, Mo Fan did not cast the Meteorite Fist. The spell was only an Intermediate Spell after all. Despite the extra buffs applied to it, it was still unable to inflict serious damage to the mutated Casso.

A Lightning Star Constellation rapidly lit up around Mo Fan. His arms were soon covered in lightning!

Two silent and deadly bolts crossed paths in front of Casso, immediately resulting in a shocking explosion. The purple-black lightning arcs soared into the sky and spread across the area. After Casso was knocked into the air by the lightning bolt, the arcs continued to whip his body fiercely.

Casso let out a furious roar in the sky. He immediately controlled the Sky Veil nearby. The tiny sand particles attached to his body, forming a sturdy shell to protect him from the piercing lightning.

Casso forced himself back to the ground. His thick, heavy figure stomped the deck. The whole boat was leaning forward from his weight.

Mo Fan immediately chased after Casso and stood on a taller pole on the boat.

His body was engulfed in raging flames. Mo Fan had turned into a scorching sun shining down upon Casso standing on the deck.

“Rock Hammer!” Casso stood still, turning the sand particles in the air into a twenty-meter long giant hammer. He swung it at Mo Fan using the might of his mutated flesh, knocking Mo Fan into the sea.

Mo Fan tried to move sideways. A fireball with a diameter of almost five meters slammed into the water like a meteorite, stirring a huge wave with scorching flames and dyeing the surroundings red.

“Die!” Casso jumped down from the deck. The blades around his elbow slashed at Mo Fan fiercely. The icy blades swept past the surface of the sea, slicing the water apart.

The water close to the harbor was relatively deep. Mo Fan’s fire was greatly weakened by the water. He had no choice but to withdraw temporarily. He quickly glided along the surface of the ocean with Fleeing Shadow.

Casso immediately chased after him. The guy had perfectly mastered the Sky Veil. He was able to form rock bridges in the sky, sprinting along them through the air.

The bridge connected with the ground. Casso cast Earth Wave to speed him up further. He caught up to Mo Fan, and hurled him heavily at the front of the boat.

Mo Fan was smashed into the boat by the monster. When he saw the monster approaching him again, he quickly wrapped his arms in lightning.

A wave of wild lightning sprang at Casso. More than ten lightning bolts struck him fiercely.

Casso was not afraid of the Lightning Spell. His Earth Element was significantly stronger than Mo Fan’s Lighting Element. Every time Mo Fan tried to cast Lightning on him, he was able to wrap his skin with a thick layer of Sky Veil and prevent the lightning from landing on his armor.

“Piss off!” Mo Fan switched his hand when he discovered that his Lightning was not working. He immediately threw his left fist, abruptly engulfed in flames, at Casso’s face.

The punch took Casso by surprise. He was having trouble counting the number of Elements the kid had.

Fiery dragons lunged forward and knocked Casso away from the boat. He fell into the water in a huge gout of flames.

Before Mo Fan could catch his breath, Casso jumped out from the water and landed on the now-broken deck. He pursued Mo Fan relentlessly while swinging his blades wildly.

“Flame Sword!” Mo Fan was infuriated. The man thought he was the only one with weapons?

After the Flame Sword took form, Mo Fan swung the ten-meter-plus burning sword forward with great strength.

However, to Mo Fan’s surprise, the Flame Sword he summoned this time was not the kind that had to move quickly to unleash all its energy.

Mo Fan could feel the Flame Sword in his hand was extremely stable, like an actual, giant sword engulfed in flames; it would not disappear in just a short period of time!

Mo Fan was overjoyed. It seemed like the improvement to Little Flame Belle’s strength had also improved her abilities. The duration of Flame Sword was a lot longer now.

The blades on Casso’s elbows were less than a meter long, but Mo Fan’s Flame Sword had now reached fifteen meters. Mo Fan had to use both his hands and the Space Element to swing it!

The Flame Sword in Mo Fan’s hand did not resemble a sword; it actually looked more like a thick rod. Casso was immediately knocked flying by Mo Fan’s sword when he tried to get closer.

Mo Fan immediately followed it up with a slash down. The flames lunged forward, the blazing red fire seemed to be never-ending.

It was obvious that Casso was afraid of the fifteen-meter-long giant Flame Sword. He no longer dared to charge at Mo Fan fearlessly. He withdrew a long distance away, planning to use Petrify to secure himself an advantage.

“Nyx Regime!”

This time, Mo Fan did not give the guy any chance to cast his Advanced Spell. Instead, he decisively established his formation of darkness.

Nyx Regime had a wide coverage area. Even Casso needed some time to escape from it. The pitch-black darkness was like a maze, greatly hindering the effects of his Eyes of the Rock Demon. After all, the effects of Petrify had to rely on the light emitted by the eyes to spread. He could not even see Mo Fan, so he had no chance to cast Petrify on him.

Mo Fan was still holding the Flame Sword. He was able to move as rapidly as a phantom in the Nyx Regime with Fleeing Shadow.

Four shadows, each with a silhouette of the Calamity Fire and Rose Flame charged at Casso from four different directions.

Casso glanced around him in awe. He was having trouble identifying the real Mo Fan among the shadows!

At the same time, when Mo Fan was attacking with Flame Sword under the effects of Fleeing Shadow, he had no idea it would summon three other mirror images to duplicate his attack!

He knew Nyx Regime was able to strengthen the effects of Shadow Spells significantly, but he never thought it would be this insane!

When the scorching heat of Flame Sword arrived before Casso, the man finally realized which Mo Fan was the real one, since the heat and the aura of the Flame Sword were the strongest. However, he did not have enough time to react.

The flames of the Flame Sword rolled forward and split in half as the sword slashed forward. Casso wrapped his arms around his head to brace himself, but he was still knocked flying by the impact.

The Flame Sword surged across the deck in the direction of the sea. Casso let out a cry of agony and fell into the debris of the containers. The scorching Calamity Fire and Rose Flame continued to burn him. The flames had already penetrated his meat armor!

The Sacred Hall Mages hiding in the dark were stunned after witnessing the spectacular move.

Where did this crazily talented student come from? Did he seriously injure Casso, who was basically unstoppable in the Caribbean Sea, by himself!?

“So...so strong, is that guy really a student?” even the male Mage blurted out subconsciously. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Both of them were watching the fight, waiting for the perfect opportunity to strike in order to take down Casso. The longer Mo Fan could last in the fight, the better their chances were. They were slowly approaching the area, but Casso was simply too preoccupied with the fight with Mo Fan to notice them.

To their surprise, the student had managed to force Casso into a pinch. He had almost broken through the outstanding defense of Casso’s mutated form.

It was not something an ordinary student could achieve. Even the Sacred Hall Mages who were slightly weaker were unable to force Casso into such a pinch.

“Oleena, I think we can construct a Light Binding Formation!” the Mage said.

“I...I think so too, when Casso is injured and blinded by his anger,” the woman in the black and gold outfit agreed.

Casso would not go down so easily. According to their intel, he still had not used his last Element, which he treated as his final trump card.

However, at the current rate, it was likely that Mo Fan could force him to use his last Element. The two could easily take hold of the opportunity to lay an inescapable trap, leaving Casso no chance of escaping!

“How shocking! If we can actually catch Casso, this student definitely contributed the most!” the Mage said.

“Mmm, mmm, he might be the captain of the Chinese team. His strength is on par with Asas on our national team,” Oleena said.

—

Mo Fan was clearly unaware of the existence of the two cunning Sacred Hall Mages that were secretly laying down a formation behind the scenes. He immediately frowned when he saw Casso rising to his feet with the same formidable aura.

-This president of the Red Ornaments Guild is scarily strong!-

Even his previous attack had failed to defeat the man, meaning that he was likely going to lose the fight...