Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 997: The Drake Turns Into Bones!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan felt his head spinning; he had totally lost his sense of direction.

The force of the claw was absolutely ridiculous. Mo Fan almost felt his bones falling apart from the impact, even though he was wearing the Black Snake Armor!

While Mo Fan was losing consciousness, he suddenly sensed a strong presence coming from the side. His hair instantly stood on its end as a huge shadow loomed over him!

The Black Sea Drake opened its mouth and bit at Mo Fan!

Mo Fan cast the Fleeing Shadow when its fangs were mere inches away from his face. He split into two shadows and barely escaped from the creature’s jaws through the gaps between its fangs!

The Black Sea Drake continued to chase after Mo Fan’s shadows relentlessly. Its long dragon whiskers seemed to have minds of their own, and actually wrapped around his body to tie him up like a golden chain.

Mo Fan was shocked when he saw the dragon whiskers squeezing in. If he was trapped by the dragon’s whiskers, he would surely be shoved into the creature’s mouth right away!

“Dark Noble Mantle!”

Mo Fan did not preserve his strength any further. He quickly Summoned the Dark Noble Mantle.

The silhouette of a long mantle swiftly appeared on his back while he was still in the form of a shadow. It looked like a pair of wings folding up.

As soon as the mantle appeared, Mo Fan’s presence vanished without a trace. The shadow completely merged with the ocean and the rocks. It was impossible to tell where Mo Fan went!

The Black Sea Drake’s whiskers immediately lost their target. They were swinging aimlessly in the air, not knowing if they should withdraw or reach further.

The Black Sea Drake’s fierce eyes were trying very hard to hunt Mo Fan down, too!

It would not believe that the human had vanished without a trace. The intelligent Black Sea Drake splashed water across the sky to find where Mo Fan was hiding.

As the spray of water started falling, the Black Sea Drake soon noticed the rain’s path had altered, as if it had landed on something.

The Black Sea Drake huffed, as if it was laughing at the human’s amusing attempt. Its whiskers immediately lunged at the human figure that the water was highlighting in the air, and quickly tied it up.

The Black Sea Drake dragged the figure right to it when it felt its whiskers had caught something, trying to pull the human out from his hiding spot. It then bit at it with a huge bite.

However, it was only a black mantle disguising itself as a human figure. It reclaimed its usual appearance when the Black Sea Drake forcibly dragged it forwards. There was nothing inside the mantle, like a magician who had vanished into thin air inside his slender cape.

Mo Fan gradually appeared behind the Black Sea Drake. The mantle that the Black Sea Drake had caught disappeared suddenly too, before reappearing on Mo Fan’s shoulders.

The Black Sea Drake was confused. It had no clue how the human had managed to pull it off. Meanwhile, it felt a scorching heat coming from behind it, which felt rather terrifying even though it had yet to land!

“Flame Sword!” Standing behind the Black Sea Drake, Mo Fan raised the burning sword and slashed forward.

The giant ten-meter-long sword struck the Black Sea Drake on the back and immediately left a long, burning cut around its vertebrae. The fire was burning inside the Black Sea Drake’s flesh.

The Black Sea Drake let out a painful cry. The spikes on its back rose suddenly and belched out a cloud of black smoke at Mo Fan.

The smoke was pitch-black, with a rather unpleasant smell.

Mo Fan knew the black smoke was poisonous. He did not dare to go any closer, but immediately fled outside the area of the smoke.

He flung the Dark Noble Mantle up, producing a shadow looming over the place. Mo Fan was basically invisible within the shadow, and his speed was several times faster than when he was casting Fleeing Shadow!

With the Dark Noble Mantle, Mo Fan no longer needed to worry about finding a shadow. The Dark Noble Mantle was able to provide him with the shadows he needed...

Against a creature like the Black Sea Drake, the Blood Tabi was simply too weak to make any difference. The Dark Noble Mantle had actually secured Mo Fan the upper hand in the fight. It was worth the strenuous effort that Mo Fan had put in just to claim it!

The Black Sea Drake twisted its body. It was clenching its teeth against the pain from the burning wound on its back. It had the urge to tear the detestable human into pieces. Most frustratingly, it was still having trouble finding where he was!

Where was he hiding?

The Black Sea Drake scanned the area, but even with its outstanding senses, it was unable to locate the human with the Shadow Element.

“Nine Halls!”

Suddenly, nine stunning fiery pillars rose under the Black Sea Drake. Five of them struck the Black Sea Drake’s fleshy rump!

The Nine Pillars constructed with the Calamity Fire were far stronger than before. The flames rising into the sky were like the eruption of nine volcanoes, scorching lava splattering across the place. The Black Sea Drake was jumping up as the heat was just too unbearable!

The Black Sea Drake finally realized how tough the two humans were. It was unable to attack by controlling the water on the surface.

It glanced at the water and discovered that the electricity unleashed by the simple-minded Lightning Explosion Cuttlefish had started to weaken. It immediately stayed away from Mo Fan’s flames and dove into the ocean!

BANG!

To its surprise, the Black Sea Drake ended up smashing its head on a layer of sturdy ice when it tried to dive into the water. Despite the impact, it had failed to break the ice, showing how strong the ice was!

While the Black Sea Drake was fully focused on Mo Fan, Mu Ningxue’s Domain had already spread more than a kilometer into the distance, turning the area beyond the reef into ice. The ice was at least thirty meters thick, no longer just a thin layer on the surface. The Black Sea Drake was seething with anger after realizing it had been tricked by the human!

“Subdue it!” Lingling said to Mu Ningxue.

Mu Ningxue had long awaited this moment. Her eyes were doors to an icy white world that was deeply asleep. As they flickered sharply, an enormous Icebound Coffin descended from the sky and landed heavily before the Black Sea Drake.

The Icebound Coffin immediately gave the Black Sea Drake a fright. Luckily, the enormous thing did not land right on it. Otherwise, it would have had trouble resisting it!

However, before the Black Sea Drake could feel relieved, an icy glow suddenly appeared above it as another spectacular Icebound Coffin landed behind it!

The third Icebound Coffin came down and sealed off the Black Sea Drake’s left!

The Black Sea Drake finally realized that something was not right. When it was about to head for its remaining path of escape, the last Icebound Coffin plunged down onto the ice and trapped the creature!

The Black Sea Drake raised its head and saw the biggest Icebound Coffin above it. It slammed down heavily before the creature was able to jump into the sky. It was the final piece of the puzzle for the formation consisting of five Icebound Coffins!

“Five...five Icebound Coffins...”

Bobby almost dropped his jaw to the ground. He had met some extremely talented Ice Mages from the Hunter Alliance, yet he had never seen anyone Summon five Icebound Coffins at once. Wasn’t this woman a bit too terrifying?

Bobby immediately recalled how he was whistling at Mu Ningxue back in the alleyway. He glanced at the previously-imperious Black Sea Drake trapped by the Icebound Coffins and immediately drew a cross on his chest in cold sweat!

“The maggot is making its move,” Lingling said.

“What?” Mo Fan asked confusedly.

“Take a look for yourself!”

Mo Fan glanced at the Black Sea Drake and saw a strange reaction from it. Its scales were falling off suddenly, as if they were gradually disappearing.

In addition to its scales, its flesh had started to rot out of nowhere, too. Countless white tiny little creatures were jumping up and down on the rotten flesh. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

“What are those?” Mo Fan exclaimed in surprise.

“The larvae, the form before the Drowning Curse Maggot,” Lingling said.

The Black Sea Drake could no longer move as its body was frozen in ice. It had no chance of breaking free from Mu Ningxue’s Icebound Coffins in a short period of time.

Meanwhile, the white little larvae that were growing out of its flesh were devouring it continuously. It clearly did not look pleasant!

Normally, the creature could easily eliminate these annoying little pests with a single energy ripple or a dragon breath, but it was unable to do anything in its current state. It could only watch its flesh being devoured by the larvae.

More larvae showed up like a whole nest of white ants. The Black Sea Drake soon lost its glittering scales and was naked, only its flesh remained.

To Mo Fan’s astonishment, the Black Sea Drake’s enormous figure was shrinking at a shocking pace, too. It was like a huge chunk of meat had been thrown into a pond full of piranhas, which would eventually end up as just a few pieces of bones!

“Oh my God!” Bobby screamed as he watched the bizarre sight from the boat.

It was like the Black Sea Drake was being disintegrated. The creature’s appearance beyond recognition after it was eaten alive by the countless white larvae. It no longer had the imperious presence of a drake!

“This...this...” Mo Fan too was dumbfounded.

Even though Mu Ningxue had managed to freeze the Black Sea Drake, it would still take them a long time to kill it. As a matter of fact, they could not tell if they actually had enough firepower to kill the creature.

And now, before the creature could even break free from Mu Ningxue’s ice, half of its body had already been consumed by the eerie, white larvae that had grown out from its body!

The larvae were now devouring the creature at an even quicker pace. It was impossible to tell how many layers of the white larvae were on the Black Sea Drake. The creature went from struggling at the start to losing consciousness, until it eventually turned into a mere specimen...

When the Black Sea Drake gradually turned into a bloody skeleton, Mu Ningxue could not help but cover her mouth. Her eyes were filled with disbelief!

The word scary was no longer enough to describe the sight, as who could possibly think that the insignificant, transparent maggot was able to eat the whole Drake down to a skeleton in just a short period of time!