Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 999: Ultimate Lightning Conduct, Explosion!

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales

Translated by XephiZ

Edited by Aelryinth

Mo Fan jumped into the air when he saw the dragon breath to dodge the wave of destruction surging at him.

The Maggot Drake raised its head and released another black dragon breath at Mo Fan while he was in the air.

“Telekinesis!” Mo Fan spread his will out and took control of the wreckage of the boat scattered across the water.

The remains of the boat formed a layer of defense in front of Mo Fan. The dragon breath struck the remains and disintegrated them.

“Silent Deadly Bolt!”

Mo Fan unleashed a powerful Lightning Death Bolt at the Maggot Drake. The lightning beam landed on the Black Sea Drake’s back fin and blew a hole through the scales and the flesh!

The Black Sea Drake cried out in pain. When it raised its head, it was shocked to see black lightning strikes descending from the fierce storm.

A Black Sea Drake did have the Lightning Element, but the one previously did not have a chance to use it. However, the Maggot Drake no longer had to worry about the Lightning Explosion Cuttlefish.

Black lightning descended continuously onto Mo Fan abruptly, tearing at him like the merciless claws of a demon.

The lightning landed on the sunken reef and blew parts of it into mere ashes. Mo Fan was forced to back away from the incredibly powerful lightning. He did not dare to challenge the lightning directly.

The Maggot Drake looked at Mo Fan who was currently in a miserable state disdainfully.

It uttered a roar into the sky, summoning more black lightning bolts to descend. More than ten lightning strikes came down at Mo Fan simultaneously, leaving him with nowhere to run to. He could only endure the lightning with his Black Snake Armor...

The Black Snake Armor was no longer able to fully nullify the attacks that Mo Fan received when he was fighting a Commander-level creature. Mo Fan felt like his bones were going to collapse when the lightning strikes landed on him. The strong buzz in his ears almost knocked him out!.

“Lightning...Lightning...Lightning Conduct!” Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Mo Fan clenched his teeth. He was forcibly attracting the lightning onto himself.

“Are you out of your mind!?” Mu Ningxue screamed when she realized Mo Fan’s crazy intention.

It was basically suicide trying to conduct the black lightning summoned by the Maggot Drake. Even a Lightning Mage with a Domain would not dare to do such a dangerous thing, since it would overload their body and kill them if their body was unable to endure the lightning!

The black lightning danced wildly, some lightning arcs spreading more than a hundred meters away into the distance, wriggling like giant, black serpents. They were flickering wildly with Mo Fan at the center. The electrocution was so strong that Mo Fan’s veins were clearly visible on his skin. It was very likely that any weaker Mage would have been turned into scattered ashes and dispersed smoke straightaway!

“I’ll...I’ll...I’ll control it!” Mo Fan clenched his teeth as he forcibly absorbed the lightning that made contact with him.

Lightning was the most restless Element of all. It was extremely difficult for Mages to control their own lightning, let alone the lightning unleashed by an enemy!

No matter how strong the Black Snake Armor was, it could not afford to take on the lightning that Mo Fan was trying to conduct, yet he was unwilling to let go of the power.

The Black Sea Drake was still roaring to summon more lightning strikes in order to disintegrate Mo Fan. However, regardless of the number of lightning strikes that the Black Sea Drake summoned, Mo Fan simply took them all without hesitation. He had absorbed quite a shocking amount of lightning energy, it was almost enough to trigger a Lightning Explosion!

“Have a taste of my Lightning Explosion!” Mo Fan let out a roar and unleashed the black lightning he had absorbed.

Two black lightning bolts sprang at the Black Sea Drake simultaneously, intersecting in front of it.

As the two lightning bolts collided, the purple and black simply devoured the whole place as it fell deadly silent. Only the brilliance of the lightning was left, soaring into the sky!

An enormous lightning bolt appeared, soaring into the sky like a purple lightning dragon. Its flesh of lightning flew across the white clouds and blue ocean. Most terrifyingly, the destructive force of the wild lightning was enough to evaporate ten thousand tons of seawater, blast the reef cave below apart, and even destroy the scales and skin of the Black Sea Drake, leaving it covered with bruises and wounds!

As the Maggot Drake’s skin and scales were torn apart, they immediately saw that the inside of its body was not dragon flesh, but the white larvae that had eaten the previous Black Sea Drake. The larvae were still digesting the flesh they had consumed to construct the Maggot Drake’s body!

The larvae fell from the hole the lightning had blasted open on the Maggot Drake. The previously shiny scales of the Maggot Drake were replaced with blistering wounds, its fresh blood pouring out!

Standing on the reefs that were no longer sunken under seawater, Mo Fan leaned forward with a pale face.

Mo Fan had long mastered the ability to conduct lightning, yet he had never absorbed such an overwhelming amount before.

At times, Mo Fan felt like his body was about to burst from the overwhelming energy of the black lightning, but he managed to hold his ground. He had to admit that the Demon Element had significantly improved the strength of his flesh. Otherwise, just the Black Snake Armor alone was far from enough to protect him!

The Lightning Explosion had clearly exceeded the strongest attack that Mo Fan could execute, inflicting serious damage to the Black Sea Drake despite its outstanding defense.

It had definitely been worth the risk!

Mo Fan had already learned how strong the Black Sea Drake was. Even by joining forces with Little Flame Belle, he could at most only deal some damage to Black Sea Drake after using his full strength. Mu Ningxue’s Ice had only managed to immobilize the Black Sea Drake temporarily, it was extremely difficult to kill the Commander-level creature!

Their only hope was to use a stronger spell, hence why Mo Fan was so determined to conduct the lightning.

Mu Ningxue was having cold sweats after seeing Mo Fan’s crazy approach. She let out a relieved sigh when she saw that he was still alive.

“Are you alright?” Mu Ningxue asked.

“I need some time to recover. Keep it busy, don’t let it run away,” Mo Fan said.

“I know, you didn’t need to take such a huge risk, there’s no way I will let the Drowning Curse Maggot get away either!” Mu Ningxue’s eyes glittered. The surrounding temperature immediately dropped as a strong wind started blowing, with Mu Ningxue at its center.

“Calm down, don’t hurt yourself!” Mo Fan realized something when he saw Mu Ningxue’s reaction. He immediately advised against it.

Mu Ningxue’s aura had suddenly risen, meaning that she was planning to use the forbidden move!

The forbidden move was not the evil magic that was banned across the world. It was only forbidden specifically for Mu Ningxue, since with her current control of the Ice Element, trying to use the Ice Crystal Bow forcibly was basically the same as killing herself slowly!

Mo Fan knew using the Ice Crystal Bow would result in life-threatening side effects to her body, thus he immediately advised against it.

“Don’t worry, I can now use it to a certain degree!” Mu Ningxue knew Mo Fan’s concerns. She purposely pointed it out as she was gathering her aura.

She did not want Mo Fan to be worried about her.

In the Intermediate Level, using the Ice Crystal Bow was indeed the same as killing herself, since the incredible attack would basically drain away the majority of her life force in an instant.

However, after achieving the Advanced Level, Mu Ningxue could use her Ice Domain freely. She was finally able to control the power sealed away in her body to a certain degree.

She still had to pay some price, yet it was nothing compared to the consequences of letting the Maggot Drake run away!

Besides, how could she allow Mo Fan to be the only one risking his life?

“Ice Crystal Bow.”

A powder, like tiny pieces of diamond, appeared and circled around Mu Ningxue, forming a crystalline bow with an incredibly strong aura in front of her!

Mu Ningxue grasped the longbow firmly. Her slender index finger curled slightly as she held it parallel to her arm. She slowly pulled the invisible string of the bow back...

Mu Ningxue extended her arm. Her silver hair was drifting in the wind close to her glamorous face. As her arm reached maximum extension, more crystalline dust showed up and coalesced into an ice arrow held in position on the string of the bow!

“Kill!”

Mu Ningxue uttered the single world coldly, radiating a strong aura. Even the ocean shuddered in a way visible to the naked eye. The Maggot Drake immediately looked terrified.

The arrow sprang forward, stirring up an icy storm following right along its trail. It was flying right above the seawater, splitting the ocean in half. The displaced water froze into ice in under two seconds!

The Maggot Drake no longer had its previous arrogant and proud demeanor. It started fleeing for its life like a little bug that had lost its protective shell.

The arrow caught up to the Maggot Drake and pierced through its sturdy back!

The Maggot Drake’s body stiffened, and its flesh turned into ice crystals right after the arrow pierced completely through it.

The ice arrow continued to fly into the distance, turning everything, including the ocean, the clouds, and the reef into ice. The sea instantly turned into a frozen body of water, and the Black Sea Drake broke into pieces stacking up into a pile...it no longer had any sense of life, let alone the imperious appearance of the Black Sea Drake!

In the distance, Bobby almost dropped his jaw onto the ice!

His eyes were wide open. The ocean had vanished, as everywhere his eyes could see was covered with ice. He had never seen such an astounding Ice Mage in his life!

Why did he even bother whistling at the woman? Was he tired of living!?

Somehow, Bobby felt like the first thing he should do after everything came to an end was not to remember his brother’s death, but to thank Mu Ningxue for sparing his life.

On the other hand, Mo Fan was panting heavily to catch his breath, and swallowed despite himself. He glanced at the sight ahead and was having trouble finding any word to describe his feelings. Although it was not his first time seeing it, it was still stunning witnessing everything turning into ice instantly!