
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 111: The Third Method (Part 2)

Zhao Xu initially heard the name "Higher Divine Tool" and suddenly felt that the things on the table were no longer appetizing.

"Not to the point, right?" Zhao Xu thought that An Ti Noya was not the type to be stingy.

After spending time together, Zhao Xu had subtly sensed that An Ti Noya, whether it was a divine tool or the president of the Mage Association, was not interested in anything.

"I won't give it to you, and I think it's better if you don't take it. But if you really want to play with it, I'm not opposed to letting you have a taste."

As An Ti Noya said this, her bright eyes peeked out from under her cloak, slightly leaning forward, "Just make sure you're mentally prepared."

"What about?" Zhao Xu shifted his buttocks slightly backward.

"The wrath of the giant dragon."

An Ti Noya spoke slowly and deliberately.

"The Dragon Jewel can enslave giant dragons, so anyone who possesses the Dragon Jewel will be seen as an enemy of the dragon tribe. There's a golden dragon nearby, and it just so happens that the properties of this Dragon Jewel match. It's possible that you'll become a dragon knight in Mistral, which sounds pretty good."

When Zhao Xu heard this, he could only blink with a mixture of surprise and fear.

Originally, he could have returned to Mistral smoothly, but now he was worried that taking this jewel would mean he couldn't return.

However, he quickly realized that An Ti Noya must also bear the consequences.

"Teacher, if you hold this Dragon Jewel, won't you be hated by the dragon tribe?"
At this moment, An Ti Nuo Ya had already sat back down on the couch, facing Zhao Xu, "I have killed the avatar of Tyramet on this continent before. In the Holy Dragon's side, I should have a full reputation. As for the evil dragon, you should be worried about it instead."

After hearing this, Zhao Xu finally had a clear understanding of his teacher's combat power for the first time.

Tyramet, the evil dragon god.

Even if it's an avatar, it's still the top-notch combat power of King Arthur.

"That teacher, why don't you introduce me to these things? Which ones are suitable for me?" Zhao Xu looked at the things on the table, which included a scepter, a weapon shield, and even a one-meter-by-one-meter mirror, and he didn't know how to carry them.

If it weren't for the cloth covering the mirror, Zhao Xu would have liked to open it and take a look.

"Yes, I'll ask you, what method do you want to use to protect yourself?" An Ti Nuo Ya asked directly.

Zhao Xu heard this and began to think deeply.

An Ti Nuo Ya didn't get impatient and just sat there, calmly looking at Zhao Xu.

It wasn't until the incense smoke had burned a small circle that Zhao Xu finally opened his mouth slowly, "Teacher, is there such a method that can be taken out at any time and used to counterattack and sweep away all enemies?"

"It should be able to adapt to various complex situations as well," An Ti Nuo Ya added.

"Yes, yes, yes," Zhao Xu responded happily.

"Oh," An Ti Nuo Ya thought for a moment and then took out something from his dimensional bag and handed it to Zhao Xu, "Okay, here you go."

The second "Prayer Candle" lay in An Ti Nuo Ya's palm.

Zhao Xu was immediately silent for a moment, feeling awkward.

This thing can summon different creatures and can satisfy various complex situations, and can sweep away all requirements.

The main problem is that he already has one...
Here is the translation of the text:

"Stop joking around, teacher," Zhao Xu knew An Ti Niya was pretending to be silly to tease him.

"Okay then," An Ti Niya stood up and walked to a bookshelf on the side, took out a thick tome, and handed it to Zhao Xu. "First, memorize the last few pages for me."

"Teacher, didn't you just give me a list a moment ago?" Zhao Xu asked, flipping to the last few pages and looking astonished.

"That's a list, this is the details. Otherwise, you won't be able to use the third method." An Ti Niya laughed lightly.

From then on, until Zhao Xu accepted An Ti Niya's third method, he felt a bit unreal.

Even when An Ti Niya intentionally cast a legendary spell to speed up time, Zhao Xu didn't show much surprise.

It wasn't until Zhao Xu left that An Ti Niya took off her hat and revealed a worried expression on her face.

Through that legendary prediction spell, she saw the last image of Zhao Xu dripping wet, standing in the reception hall of the Ofa's Gate.

...Looking at the middle-aged man with golden hair in front of him, Zhao Xu suddenly realized what was going on.

He had paid the price for picking up that dragon bead.

The identity of the man in front of him, combined with the golden dragon that had flown over him in the air, was already clear.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but lower his head, looking at his right hand, thinking to himself that he had only picked it up, not really possessing it.

Recalling the data of the dragon series, Zhao Xu's scalp tingled.

Dragons were a species that would naturally progress in strength as they aged, and after 1,200 years, a young dragon would transform into an ancient dragon.
Here is the translation of the text:

An ancient golden dragon of level 27 challenged by the level of the opponent, not to mention the various numbers of the day's quantity. They themselves can cast spells equivalent to a level 19 mage and can also cast additional priest spells.

This is a more powerful and combat-worthy mage who has mastered divine magic.

The middle-aged man, with a long, thin beard, looked straight at Zhao Xu with an expression of profound understanding.

"Ah, it seems you have recognized my identity?" he said with a gentle smile.

"You, a low-level mage, shouldn't be able to slay a dragon, should you?" he chuckled softly.

"I dare not," Zhao Xu replied, his face turning red with embarrassment.

"Not bad, this 'Floating Disk' effect. It's now autonomous, isn't it? I remember it used to only follow the caster before," the middle-aged man said, his eyes twinkling with amusement.

Even though the rain pounded against him, he remained completely still, as if he were swimming in the water.

"Since the association has developed the four-level spell 'Higher Floating Disk', it has also been upgraded," Zhao Xu explained.

"Mages can continue to research and refine their spells, pushing the boundaries of magical civilization to the extreme. No wonder you can secretly control this world," the middle-aged man said, as if lost in thought.

"However, since we've met in this rain, how about we introduce ourselves?" the middle-aged man asked, smiling.

Zhao Xu nodded, his face still red with embarrassment, and said, "I am Summer, a 2nd-level mage of the Mage Association."
The translation is:

"Kampas, Heaven-cut Mountains, according to your human definition, should be the ancient golden dragon."

Note: Kampas is likely a reference to the Campas Mountains in Tibet, also known as the "Heaven-cut Mountains" due to their unique geological formation. The speaker is making a humorous comparison between the mountains and an "ancient golden dragon", suggesting that the mountains have a mythical or legendary quality to them.