
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 123: Copying the Scroll

After finishing the lecture, Zhao Xu quickly returned to his dormitory and found the "Monster Compendium".

This thick, iron-bound book had a giant, blood-red, glowing eye on the cover, surrounded by seven or eight red, protruding beads. Who would have thought that this strange thing was actually the legendary "Monster Compendium", a higher-grade artifact.

Zhao Xu had already roughly understood the contents of the book after flipping through its 100 questions on transformation. He knew that ordinary mages would need to spend a lot of time and effort to transform into corresponding creatures, and that only by understanding the characteristics of the creatures could they succeed. This was a painful realization for many mages who had tried to research transformation magic but ultimately gave up.

Of the 100 questions in the book, 17 of them had been studied by countless mages, but each one was almost impossible to achieve.

As Zhao Xu put the "Monster Compendium" back in his backpack and headed to Anniya's office, he was more cautious than he had ever been in his life. His name was already inscribed on the core of the crystal pillar, and he didn't encounter any obstacles until he reached the floor above.

When Anniya saw Zhao Xu respectfully hand her the "Monster Compendium", she just smiled lightly and said, "Has someone told you about it?"
Zhao Xu nodded, but muttered to himself, "Could it not be me who discovered it?"
"Have you searched for information on this book using your knowledge and skills?" Anniya asked.
Zhao Xu nodded again.
"Have you ever seen a detailed description of this artifact in any book?" Anniya asked.
Zhao Xu shook his head.
Here is the translation of the text:

"That's it, the artifact has powerful properties, aside from being impossible to detect, it's also impossible to describe in terms of knowledge. Therefore, its effects can only be passed down through word of mouth, and the book is only a nameplate, nothing more."

As Nina Anselm squeezed the artifact "Monster Compendium" back into the bookshelf, Zhao Xu looked on with some distress, wondering why this artifact was being treated so harshly. On the other hand, another artifact, the armor, was placed neatly in front of the door, welcoming visitors. The "Monster Compendium" was already being treated quite well.

"Now that you have time, let's go. The 'Transcription Roll' class is about to start this afternoon," Nina Anselm said, then directly pulled Zhao Xu along to start the transmission.

Zhao Xu had set his default transmission method to Nina Anselm's transmission technique, so by the time he snapped back to reality, the two of them were already in a mysterious room.

On the central desk was a stack of blank parchment papers, custom-made for transcribing magic scrolls. Various quills, mostly goose quills, were placed on the desk, along with six or seven bottles of specially made ink for transcribing. The corners of the room were lit with incense, but it didn't have the same pleasant scent as Nina Anselm's office.

Zhao Xu had realized that this was a room dedicated to transcribing scrolls.

Compared to memory magic or learning magic, transcribing scrolls required a more rigorous environment. It was like going on a horse-drawn carriage adventure before, where memory magic could barely make it, but transcribing scrolls was a joke.

"Transcription scholars, as a type of divine spellcaster, have a standard for promotion that is similar to that of wizards. You can become a transcription scholar if you can successfully transcribe zero-grade divine magic, one-grade divine magic, and master the abilities of 'Dark Knowledge' and 'Transcription Scroll'."
Here is the translation:

Zhao Xun listened, and in reality, it was no different from the mage, except that it replaced the mage's magical pet abilities with dark knowledge. "Don't look at me, let me explain first." "Explain?" Zhao Xun was astonished? "Sit down, idiot." Anzhi Noya lightly scolded.

Zhao Xun didn't think much about it and directly pulled up a stool to sit down.

Suddenly, he noticed that in front of him, two dark red curtains slowly opened, revealing a giant transparent glass screen. Behind the screen was a vast square, with a neatly arranged paper desk placed in the middle, just like the one in his room.

It was as if the Earth had brought the desk to the playground to prevent cheating during an exam.

At the front of the square was a large-scale illusion projection, with a sandglass on it, and the sand was almost all gone.

Zhao Xun looked stunned, not expecting to start a digitalized teaching in Arthur.

It was only then that he discovered that, after sitting in this position, the transparent glass screen in front of him was connected to his pupils.

He could freely control his eyeballs to manipulate the glass screen to enlarge the details of the scene in front of him, much like a giant VR screen.

The mage apprentices sitting below, on the other hand, did not have this privilege, watching the illusion projection on the first floor square.

"The course on copying scrolls that even mages need to learn has no technical content, so the association set up this continuous playback teaching platform to provide everyone with learning opportunities for this specialty. This second floor is a small, enclosed room."

"It serves as a testing ground for high-level mages and is also a test run for this new type of alchemy teaching product."
Here is the translation of the text to English:

"If it's effective, we might promote it to other specialized uses later on."

Zhao Xu had already realized that he was essentially in a VIP room at this point.

At this moment, the hourglass had just run out, and the illusory projection was starting to play the teaching content, with the sound directly transmitted into this room.

Zhao Xu quickly controlled his eyeballs to project the illusory projection's content onto the glass screen in his room, taking up nearly one-third of the space.

Mastering a specialized skill requires consuming one's spiritual energy, and spiritual energy can only be replenished by leveling up.

During Zhao Xu's 1st-level mage days, he traded the ability to record spells and summon magical creatures for the ability "Wise Casters".

Although he no longer had to carry spellbooks, he couldn't just casually use up the remaining spell slots like novice mages did.

If you think of the day's spell slots as a fresh fish, then recording spells is like drying fish, making it easier to store and consume later.

"Teacher, if I had mastered recording spells beforehand, wouldn't advancing to a scroll scholar just mean I've acquired the ability to master 'Dark Knowledge'?" Zhao Xu asked.

Anzhen Niya stood beside Zhao Xu, also experiencing this set of alchemy equipment for the first time, pondering the underlying principles.

After hearing Zhao Xu's question, she replied, "That's right."

"That wouldn't just waste a specialized skill, would it?" Zhao Xu asked.

At this point, Zhao Xu was still listening to the illusory projection's content, which was starting with some basic background descriptions, and he was still able to maintain a conversation with Anzhen Niya.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Theoretically, the primary ability of a scroll is 'copying scrolls' rather than acquiring a specialty," Zhao Xu said, his mind thinking about his "Wisdom Sage" ability, which was not wasted.

"I didn't make a profit," he said, with a hint of sarcasm.

Just then, Ennui Noa approached the screen and observed the patterns on it. "Among high-ranking mages, a few people actually know the method of acquiring specialties through substitution," she explained.

"How is that?" Zhao Xu asked.

"For example, you can exchange your copying scroll ability for a 'Chaos Specialty', and then exchange the 'Chaos Specialty' for the specialty you want. In this way, you won't waste the spirit of the two copying scroll specialties," Ennui Noa explained.

"This can be achieved through the eighth-level spell 'Abandon Chaos' and 'Return to Chaos', which is also known as the legendary 'Card Wash'," she added.

Zhao Xu, who had already made up his mind to learn, felt a surge of motivation when he heard this idea.

Mages can play such tricks that make warriors like him envious. This is also the reason he wants to defect to the mage's camp, not just because he can't win. The main reason is that warriors want to fight mages, and to do that, they need to equip themselves with various magical items created by mages.

"So, my mentor, my Wisdom Sage is actually a trade-off of two specialties, right?" Zhao Xu asked, nodding his head.

"For ordinary residents of the Arthurian realm, the cost may be too high, but for you, without Wisdom Sage, you can't possibly level up quickly in a year, because you're not really that smart," Ennui Noa said bluntly.

"My mentor, what's the point of waiting a year?" Zhao Xu asked, his patience wearing thin.

"This involves a prophecy. Just level up as much as you can for now," Ennui Noa said.
Here is the translation of the text:

Anshen did not explain much.
At this time, the projection of magic had already begun to explain the key points of copying scrolls, and Zhao Xu's whole body and mind were drawn into it.
On the square, several player apprentice mages were holding pens and writing non-stop, recording the key points of this lecture. For them, missing this opportunity would be difficult to get again.
Only in this classroom could they use these materials for free.
This also made them listen to the lecture more seriously than when they were studying on Earth.
"Copying scrolls" and "adjusting potions" and "manufacturing wands" are all sub-series of manufacturing items.
The selling price of a successfully copied scroll is the product of the spell's circle level and the caster's level, multiplied by 25 gold coins.
So, the estimated selling price of a level 1 scroll is 1*1*25=25 gold coins, and a level 0 scroll is half the price at 12.5 gold coins.
The manufacturing process will consume half the cost of the selling price.
So, besides consuming Zhao Xu's own corresponding spell slot, he also needs to spend 12.5 gold coins on materials.
Furthermore, it will consume his experience value, slowing down his leveling speed.
Even if it's just one gold coin to shoot a magic arrow, a level 1 scroll costs 12.5 gold coins, making it a costly investment.
Therefore, mages usually only copy or buy scrolls for spells they don't often prepare.
For example, Zhao Xu used the "Detect Secret Door" spell when he was exploring the underground city, but no one would prepare this spell unless they knew they would be going to the underground city.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, the unpredictability of the world makes it difficult to estimate when unexpected things will happen, so the scroll has always been an essential tool for mages. This time, Zhao Xu learned the ability to "record scrolls" and finally filled the gap in his leg.

According to the big data statistics of mages, it takes about a day to record a scroll worth 1000 GP, while a legendary scroll worth 3000 GP takes three days. For scrolls worth less than 1000 GP, the simplest first-grade scroll takes an hour, and the zero-grade one takes half an hour.

So, Zhao Xu may have to stay up late every night to record these spell scrolls.

This is also the fate of Arthurian mages.

Just as Zhao Xu looked at the rather refined, but unfamiliar, goose quill, he sighed deeply.

The goose quill has been criticized countless times on the forum, and most players are accustomed to using neutral pens, pencils, and ballpoint pens, which are rarely used.

To record scrolls, one has to use this specified goose quill, which makes every player helpless.

Even if they try to use their own handmade carbon pencils, the recorded scrolls have no magical power.

This is because the goose quill used to record scrolls is a special breed of goose that has been cultivated, and the ink used is a formula that has undergone thousands of years of experimentation and has become the standard formula of the Mage's Association, which has a monopoly on this product.

It's hard to replicate the same effect anywhere.

So, even if the goose quill is difficult to use, Zhao Xu can only overcome it.

Just as Zhao Xu picked up the goose quill, Anstice Noya opened her mouth and said, "Let's play a game."

After saying that, a feather pen drew an arc and landed on Zhao Xu's desk, only to suddenly stand up on its own.

"This is an automatic recording feather pen."