
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 167: Level +1 Mage

Zhou Xiu gazed at the "Legendary Library" before him, a sense of familiarity rising up from the depths of his heart.

The "Legendary Library" was identical in layout to the non-existent 9th floor of the knowledge library, right down to the opponent's projection.

Zhou Xiu walked up to the bookshelf, his eyes scanning the shelves. He saw "The Witch's Sacrifice", "The Witch's Coffin", "Blood Curse, Family"... The magical tomes on the shelf were identical to the ones he had seen in the 9th floor of the knowledge library.

The only difference was that these books lacked the metal lock that had been used to seal them.

Zhou Xiu had already figured it out.

The old mage who had transformed into a doll at first, had said that the abandoned library was actually the repository of the "Legendary Library". However, these books were cursed, so they had been sealed away.

The "Legendary Library" was essentially a secure projection space.

As soon as Zhou Xiu uttered the incantation "Luo Duo is the most beautiful", his consciousness would be able to transmit to this space.

But Zhou Xiu was unsure about his physical body's location at the time.

Zhou Xiu was certain that he had watched his own body disappear in the 9th floor of the knowledge library.

However, Zhou Xiu didn't have time to worry about these things right now. He needed to focus on fulfilling the mission that Anniya had assigned to him, to find the true meaning of the oath.

After browsing the book catalog for about two hours, Zhou Xiu had not memorized the entire list of magical tomes. However, he had established corresponding coordinates for the distribution of various magical tomes.
Zhao Xu immediately crossed over ten rows of bookshelves and arrived at a spot near the wall corner. Without the metal bookends, the golden titles on the spines of the books glistened and shone, and Zhao Xu could easily read the past with one glance. "Unbreakable Vow", "Vow of Death", "Power of True Name", "Vow of the Underworld, a Contract that Even Demons Cannot Violate"... Zhao Xu's fingers skipped over various types of books, finally stopping on a book that was only two fingers thick.

He gently pulled it out and stroked the golden title "Original Vow" on the cover, which was slightly raised like an engraving.

Zhao Xu was as excited as a child on their first visit to an amusement park.

He opened this mysterious book and began to absorb knowledge.

The books in the library of knowledge mainly introduced various subjects and served as background knowledge.

The books in the legendary library, on the other hand, mostly recorded the methods of using various mysterious powers.

As Zhao Xu read "Original Vow" book, he found that it recorded over ten ways to make a vow to the source.

These methods told ordinary people without any powers how to make a vow to the source.

Although they made a vow, they would not necessarily receive feedback.

However, the recorded methods were the highest success rate and had undergone safety verification.

This time, Zhao Xu did not use the "Scholar's Touch" spell, but relied on his own abilities to start reading.

After finishing the first chapter on this type of vow, Zhao Xu discovered that he had inadvertently repeated the words of the ancient stone tablet, which led to the formation of the vow.

Unless he was Xisirvelina, he would never be able to utter a sentence and have the source of magic respond accordingly.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, at that time, he had also made a vow. The original vow listed over ten kinds of original powers, with most being knowledge-based powers, and magical powers only occupying a small part of the chapters.

But after Zhao Xu read on, he also felt a sense of shock and awe.

The opening sentence "Magic Origin" does not mean "Magic Goddess". This is completely contrary to the principles of the Goddess's teachings.

Zhao Xu glanced at his cleric's spellcasting position while reading with a headache.

According to various historical records, devout clerics will often fall into a state of sacrilegiousness, with most starting from reading these sacrilegious texts.

Zhao Xu didn't care about his cleric's few spellcasting positions, as he would never be able to use them anyway.

However, in the domain of power, "Knowledge Domain" was replaced by "Knowledge Devotion" ability, and he had already experienced its might after killing a weak demon in a single shot.

The "Plan Domain" also allowed him to gain "Spell Delay" as a specialty, which was also a prerequisite for "Spell Prolongation".

More importantly, the "Magic Domain" was the prerequisite for the advanced "Red Jade Guard" and would also use the cleric's dispelling ability.

Additionally, his "Multi-Spellcaster" prerequisite required "Self-Healing Ability" which was fulfilled by the cleric's self-healing "Healing Spell".

In essence, every special ability of the cleric was exhausted to the extreme by him.

He was equivalent to exchanging his 1st-level ability for the strength of 4-5 specialties.
Here is the translation of the text:

So Zhao Xu still secretly likes being a 1st-level cleric, even if it means slowing down his progress in mastering spells.

However, the "Source of Magic" is a matter of life and death, and Zhao Xu decided to tough it out and continue reading.

If he loses his cleric abilities, he will have to take the paladin route, which will come with a plethora of headaches.

As he read on, Zhao Xu discovered a subtle hint in the text.

If he swears an oath once, it would be equivalent to fulfilling his duty.

Would it be okay for him to swear an oath and sacrifice himself to defend magic?

Zhao Xu speculated that this oath would not be bad for him.

In fact, it could be a powerful motivator. At the very least, according to the text, he would be able to sense the power of the magic source more easily and master higher-level spells more quickly.

Perhaps this oath is the true treasure he obtained from the Morlin Stone.

After finishing the last sentence about the magic source, Zhao Xu slammed the book shut and took a deep breath.

After touching the Morlin Stone, he had a hunch about the earth's crossing.

Although he told himself not to speculate, the thought still surged through his mind.

The earth's crossing, which might occur within a year, could be a crisis or a catastrophe.

Just as he was entwined in various fates, he became a victim of fate after entering the floating city.

Similarly, the leader with exceptional leadership abilities, who was none other than the earth player Wang Qingwei, might also be a victim of fate.
Here is the translation:

However, Zhao Xu now needs to upgrade as soon as possible.

Before that, these things didn't have to bother him, at least in his previous life, before he crossed over, King Arthur was still fine.

Thinking about this, Zhao Xu quickly flew to another bookshelf.

Just when he was reading the book title on the 9th floor, he noticed a book he had seen before. At the time, he was focused on finding the key book that led to the "Legendary Library", so he didn't pay much attention to it.

But now it's different.

Zhao Xu smiled slightly and used the "Hand of the Mage" to retrieve the book on the top shelf, "A Ritual: Upgrade Mage Level", which was placed on the top shelf.

The mage level determines the strength of magic.

Zhao Xu is only a 3rd-level mage, but he has a +1 mage level with the Ayn Stone, making his magic strength equivalent to that of a 4th-level mage.

Zhao Xu had previously fought Wang Qingwei in the underground square, where Wang Qingwei had cast a "Magic Missile" spell on him.

According to Anniya's statement, Wang Qingwei's necklace allowed her mage level to increase by 1 level.

With some additional methods, she may have been able to reach the 3rd level, allowing her to fire two "Magic Missiles" and possibly killing Zhao Xu.

This was also the reason Wang Qingwei wanted to take off the necklace, as few initial mages could withstand the damage from two unavoidable "Magic Missiles".

Zhao Xu was also looking forward to it, guessing that Wang Qingwei's necklace could, like his Ayn Stone, allow her mage level to increase by 1 level, which was recorded in this book.

Zhao Xu reminisced about the details of the past while flipping through the book in his hands.
Here's the translation:

If he adds that ritual to the one he already has, his spellcaster level would be equivalent to level 5. Currently, most players can only cast a level 1 spell, "Mage's Shield," which can only last for 1 hour. However, if Zhao Xu casts it once, he can achieve 5 hours, and with the "Time Extension" technique, he can get 10 hours, which is long enough to serve as a morning buff.

But after reading the book, Zhao Xu couldn't help but furrow his brow deeply. He realized that the ritual recorded in the book might be different from the one used by Wang Qingwei. According to the book, the prerequisite is that he must have a spell recognition level of 6, and Zhao Xu has just reached this level.

Next, he needs to use his spell resistance ability to counter a spellcaster of a level 2 higher than his. For example, if he's currently level 3, he can counter a level 5 mage's spell.

Then, within the next 24 hours, he needs to meditate for 8 hours without interruption, following the meditation method recorded in the book. This way, he can imbue this ability onto an item, such as a staff, wand, amulet, cloak, or robe, which can all work.

In the future, as long as he possesses these items, he can enjoy the benefits of a level +1 spellcaster. For Zhao Xu, there is no difficulty in achieving this ritual. Just this one book can bring him a 36,000 gold coin benefit.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but gaze at the entire legendary library, with thousands of magical tomes. How many powerful rituals are hidden within them? For example, the book "The Necromancer's Fate" actually tells the story of how mages can use rituals to transform into evil necromancers and gain eternal life.
These various magical knowledge that the outside world never records, are all complete in this legendary library. Zhao Xu understands that perhaps he will come here every day from now on.