
Chapter 174 Mutual Testing
Esvixi obviously noticed the difference in the ground he stepped on, and directly used a greasy area of about 9 square meters to cover Zhao Xu.
Although the grease produced by the "grease technique" had a duration, within the one or two rounds that Esvixi could maintain, Zhao Xu was completely unable to move.
Once he left, he would leave obvious footprints on the grease. He might not even be able to leave smoothly, and could easily fall like the goblins at any moment.
But if he didn't leave, there was no need to give orders, and the remaining mages would naturally come forward to try to knock down Zhao Xu.
In this critical moment, Zhao Xu found himself in a dilemma.
And at the moment when the spell was about to be completed, a smile appeared at the corner of Esvixi's mouth.
To be able to reveal such an obvious flaw, she was obviously not a high-level mage, and she had even vaguely guessed the candidate.
At this moment, everyone's eyes were tightly focused on the field.
To be able to catch their guiding mentor who was following them was something to be proud of.
Even when they returned to the floating city, they could boast about it.
In this moment, Zhao Xu became calm and composed. Ever since he mastered all the spells, he rarely felt nervous.
The reason why mages are powerful is because they have countless choices.
Zhao Xu could use "spell counter" to try to cancel Esvixi's spell.
He could even use the amulet on his chest to reverse the surrounding conditions back to 6 seconds ago.
However, none of these could deceive Esvixi.
But, Zhao Xu still had a way out!
Secondary Swift Burst!
Here is the translation of the text:

Suddenly, the entire forest path was filled with 20 wizards, all of whom had slowed down to a crawl in Zhao Xu's eyes. Even their eyelids seemed to move slowly, and Zhao Xu could clearly see the movement of the eyelid muscles. The sonic waves of Esvechi's incantation were still resonating in the air, but they failed to reach his ears.

Zhao Xu had gained an extremely rare opportunity. This time was enough for him to make a dash.

However, Zhao Xu was looking down at the oil slick that was about to form. If he really broke into a sprint, people would only see water splashes mysteriously appearing on the oil slick.

At this moment, Zhao Xu directly activated the "Transmission Boots" on his feet, and looked towards the position about 7-8 meters behind him where the summoned horse was hidden. He wanted to confirm the destination of the transmission.

Suddenly, the Transmission Boots emitted a powerful spatial energy, causing Zhao Xu to instantly disappear on the spot.

Time resumed its flow.

A thick, rectangular area of oil appeared right in front of everyone.

Everyone stared at the oil in a trance, but failed to notice anything unusual. A few stubborn wizards even risked falling down and dived in to try to find something, but came up empty-handed.

However, Esvechi did not show any signs of embarrassment. She knew she had not made a mistake.

When Wang Qingwei was treating the wounded, she had glanced at the ground behind her.

She was absolutely certain that the withered and dry leaves of the tree had been trampled and split open.

As for Zhao Xu, he still had a dizzy feeling on his head, feeling the aftereffects of the "Secondary Quick Burst". Although he had avoided attacks from others, he found it difficult to cast spells or perform complex actions anymore.
He also sighed slightly. Fortunately, he had the unreasonable spell of "Secondary Swift Outburst." No matter how fast someone's spell was, as long as he could react to it, he could directly cast this spell without going through any complicated process. This is also the most powerful aspect of the "intuitive action" spell. It only requires a single thought. This time, Zhao Xu was even more cautious. Even when the opponent came to search, he would reluctantly dismiss the summoned horse. As long as he was discovered, it meant that he would lose a magical item. After this battle, he had experienced the power of the "Invisibility Ring." In an environment lacking low-level detection methods, if he was sneaky and had some ambush ability, he could completely eliminate this group of mages one by one. Especially since the "ring" had no endurance issues. And his "Eternal Fireball Magic Wand" also, permanently two shots per day, the implications of which were self-evident. Based on the price of a "Fireball Magic" scroll of 375 gold coins, basically every time he used that wand, he saved 375 gold coins. Just now, if Zhao Xu didn't care about exposing his identity. As long as he controlled the center of the spell outbreak and avoided mage players, that group of goblins would be completely wiped out by his single fireball spell. Even that earth goblin was not much better. After all, there was no one present with the ability to "dodge reflexively," unable to completely exempt themselves from the damage of the fireball spell. Later, Zhao Xu also noticed that those mages had cast many spells, with mage armor being the most common.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu waited until the other party's entire team had left, taking about half a minute, before untangling the horse's reins and urging the horse to follow.

However, he kept his entire body in a state of high alert, although he had just been watching the other party's movements, but he couldn't rule out the possibility that there might be a trap set here.

So, he was also concentrating his mind on surveillance.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu's gaze swept over to the corner of the tree trunk, where a faint white glow was emanating. He immediately kicked his legs and pulled on the horse's reins, preventing the horse from moving forward.

Zhao Xu looked closely at the tree trunk, where a thin thread of white glow was visible.

It wasn't possible that the sunlight was too intense, and it was also possible that the other party had used some kind of metal, so he wouldn't have noticed it otherwise.

However, Zhao Xu understood in his heart that, with Esveiski's thinking, it was unlikely that they would leave such an obvious thing behind, and it might be a trap.

Thinking this, Zhao Xu glanced at the spacious area around him and then, without any fear, cast the level one divine magic "Trap Detection" of the Druid and Ranger schools.

Like the "Detection Magic" form, this type of detection magic would release a conical area with a radius of 20 meters.

In the first round, he could detect whether there were any traps ahead.

In the second round, he could detect the number and location of the traps.

In the subsequent rounds, he could successively detect the trigger method and type of each trap, from nearest to farthest.

This is the strength of the magic, and when the caster's level is high enough, even experts in disarming traps will find that they are not as good as casters in disarming traps. Warriors will also find that their swordplay is not even a tenth as effective as a caster's sword.
The strong sense of contrast made Arthur's adventurers not hesitate to send their children to the wizard academy for study, everyone knows how to vote with their feet. However, after three rounds, Zhao Xu found that the feedback in his field of vision was blank. It was as if there were no traps ahead at all. The spell "detect trap" should theoretically only be able to detect the simplest ordinary traps, pitfalls, snares, or natural dangers such as quicksand or collapsing stone walls. It is powerless against magical traps and complex mechanical traps. Zhao Xu was sure that the novice wizard team did not have the ability to handle these. After analyzing the situation, Zhao Xu calmly got off his horse and walked past. If the situation turned unfavorable, he would use the "shape shifting" spell to switch positions with his mount. However, when Zhao Xu squatted down and found a silver thread emitting a white light, with a bell tied to the end, he couldn't help but sigh. He had fallen for those two clever girls. Unfortunately, the range of this detection spell was up to six meters, and he did not have the kind of vision to see things clearly from six meters away. At that moment, Wang Ningwei in the team suddenly smiled knowingly. And after seeing Wang Ningwei's smile, Aisiweixi also approached and asked in a low voice, "Did you find something?" Wang Ningwei nodded lightly, knowing she couldn't hide it from the smart woman beside her. Just now, when Aisiweixi saw Wang Ningwei take out the bell and thin silver thread and place them on the ground, she deliberately walked to another direction, trying to divert the attention of the twenty-first person. All in order to allow Wang Ningwei to quietly release the first-level spell "magic alert" spell.
Here is the translation of the text:

After casting the spell, the magic alarm can last for 2 hours at the caster's level. For those with a higher level, such as Zhao Xu, it can last up to 12 hours and serve as a sentry function. Once someone enters the 6-meter radius warning area, the alarm will sound a warning or mental alert. The alert can be set to notify everyone or just the caster.

Wang Congwei smiled, indicating that someone had entered the spell boundary she had set up. Esvi, who had previously known Zhao Xu's online status, asked Wang Congwei, "Are you sure it's him?"

"Besides him, is there any high-level mage who is this incompetent, unable to even detect a magic boundary?" Esvi replied with a bad attitude.

To be sent by the Floating City, one must be able to put out a "secret vision" and not detect the magic boundary in front of them, and at the same time, be familiar with them. Besides Zhao Xu, there is no one else like that.

If the opponent is a high-level mage, they can hide in the spirit realm and won't trigger the boundary. However, Wang Congwei and Esvi were both starting to realize something.

This time's task, after killing the strong thieves, will definitely have a subsequent subplot. "Remember to keep it secret, he won't show his face, and there must be a reason for it," Wang Congwei whispered to Esvi.

"Hmph, do I look like him?" Esvi gave a sarcastic look.