
Chapter 191 Clear and Quiet Female Voice
Are these priests all martyrs for God?
Zhao Xun muttered to himself.
He felt a little strange. In fact, these priests of Netherworld were the last hope for the resurrection of the other side.
After this batch of seeds is extinct, who will they find to resurrect the Netherworld?
Rely on these priestesses of the goddess?
While Zhao Xun was thinking, he continued to move forward, intending to observe the wall up close and see if there were any other special places.
Just as he stepped over the threshold, a dynamic message suddenly flashed.
[Adventurer Zhong Xia, triggered "Ghoul Rune Barrier", failed to exempt, will be paralyzed for 1D6 (1-6) + 2 = 4 rounds]
After seeing this sentence, Zhao Xun immediately knew he was in trouble. In just a moment, his whole body was paralyzed.
"Ghoul Rune Barrier" is a second-level spell of the mage, and also a spell of the priest's obscure domain, the domain of hunger.
The strength of this spell is that it can be permanently retained after casting, and the energy will only dissipate when triggered by someone.
Paralysis will make people unable to move, but their minds can still function. If Zhao Xun can cast spells without spell components, then he can cast spells at this moment.
But he just needs to be willing to spend potential points, and with "Silent Spell" to avoid the vocal element, and "Still Spell" to avoid the action element, he can release spells.
However, there was no immediate attack after the paralysis, which confirmed his initial thoughts.
Even if there were traps, after hundreds of years, ordinary traps would have become ineffective.
There are not many magical traps that can be preserved.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

This perpetual waiting trigger spell is the only way to continue saving. However, Zhao Xiu couldn't turn back, otherwise he would have to carefully examine where the "Soul-Eating Curse Seal" was hidden.

This seal needs to be triggered within a distance of about half a meter and requires a space of two to three square meters. There's no need to worry about another identical spell being triggered.

[Adventurer Zhong Xia, triggered the "Higher Guardian Seal", failed to dodge, and triggered a sixth-level spell.]

Zhao Xiu's eyes widened in shock.

The Guardian Seal is a third-level cleric spell, similar to the "Soul-Eating Curse Seal", both of which are permanent and can trigger an effect after a period of time before dissipating.

When approaching the seal, it must meet certain conditions or say the password.

Otherwise, the seal may trigger an explosion or a third-level spell targeting Zhao Xiu.

The Higher Guardian Seal, on the other hand, is a sixth-level spell that upgrades the trigger spell to the sixth level.

Suddenly, a dark, inky black light struck Zhao Xiu, who was unable to move.

[Adventurer Zhong Xia, you are affected by the "Soul-Eating Hand" spell, failed to dodge, and will take 3D6 (3-18) damage each round.]

Oh no!

Zhao Xiu immediately used his mental command to activate the recently obtained equipment.

[Adventurer Zhong Xia, you take 3D6 (3-18) = 3 HP (locked) damage.]

Then, Zhao Xiu took a deep breath and couldn't help but exhale.

The "Soul-Eating Hand" is a sixth-level arcane spell, also a fifth-level domain spell in the Hunger Domain.
It can cause the target to suffer 3-18 points of damage each round, averaging 11 points of damage per round. After failing the initial save, this damage will continue permanently. Once the target's hit points reach zero, they will be killed by the spell and then turn into a ghoul. 
Zhao Xu only has 17 HP, and he will be paralyzed for 3 rounds (18 seconds). With this amount of health, he can't withstand the output of the "ghoul's hand" spell for 3 rounds. So he quickly activates his "restraining energy skin" to lock the damage at the minimum of 3 HP. This way, he will only lose 9 HP over the 3 rounds, using up all the uses of "restraining energy skin" for the day. 
The problem is that the damage from the "ghoul's hand" will continue, and he has no extra uses of "restraining energy skin" left! 
At this point, Zhao Xu must either find a spell that can remove this curse, such as "remove curse," "healing," or "wish," all of which can end this effect. However, they are all at least level three spells, which Zhao Xu cannot cast at the moment. 
Even if Zhao Xu casts a healing spell on himself, it will only delay his death, a temporary solution at best. 
He didn't expect that these abyssal priests would turn invaders into undead ghouls. 
As Zhao Xu was complaining and thinking of a way to escape the situation, the 3 rounds arrived as scheduled. However, Zhao Xu had already reacted and quickly pulled out the "protective wand" from his backpack. 
Speaking of which, one of the most useful third-level spells for a mage, "dispel magic," Zhao Xu has hardly used it so far.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

Zhao Xu was also using his staff to suppress the trap's power at the beginning of the mine. This time, Zhao Xu grasped his staff and released a spell, saying, "Cancel the magic."

As pure and simple magic ability burst forth from his staff, it merged with his body, instantly restoring his originally pale complexion to a healthy glow.

Just as the "Hand of the Undead" was about to cause harm for the fourth time, Zhao Xu finally succeeded in canceling the spell's effect and eliminating the risk of becoming an undead.

Although Zhao Xu had lost 3 HP in each round, he had only 8 HP left after three rounds, which was almost as much as a normal level 1 cleric.

Seeing his life was not secure, Zhao Xu continued to cast the "Healing Light" spell to restore his life to a normal level.

At the same time, he also pulled out a bottle of liquor and applied it to his entire body, then activated the second-level spell "Fake Life", instantly increasing his life value from 17 HP to 30 HP.

Thus, he could at least withstand the fourth round of damage from the "Hand of the Undead".

If Zhao Xu hadn't risked his life to quickly pull out his staff and use it, he would have barely been able to withstand the fourth round of the "Hand of the Undead", as he would have lost 3-18 HP by then.

Letting out a sigh of relief, Zhao Xu turned around to look around, only to notice the two symbols on the door lock he had passed by earlier.

Unfortunately, he had been in his blind spot initially, otherwise, relying on his "Reading Magic" he could have identified the effect and wouldn't have foolishly rushed in.
Next, Zhao Xuzai carefully examined every detail around him, pondering the differences. After releasing a few detection spells, Zhao Xuzai finally confirmed that the two triggering spells just now might be the final trap in this hall. With a cautious mind, Zhao Xuzai started to walk towards the row of words. On the walls of the hall, someone had written various doctrines of Nairuo with a lighter-colored pen. "Could this be a resurrection ritual?" Zhao Xuzai couldn't help but turn back to look at the thirteen stone coffins. He felt an astonishing chill emanating from each coffin as he walked past them, as if they were made of ice. Zhao Xuzai's thoughts involuntarily turned to the forbidden book "Gods and Demigods" in the legendary library. According to Ludo's advice, reading such a book was too easy to be surrounded by believers, so he suggested giving it up. Naturally, Zhao Xuzai couldn't remember if there were any resurrection methods of certain gods in the book "Gods and Demigods". Suddenly, Zhao Xuzai calmed down immediately. He realized he was overthinking. Why would the priests set up such a ritual in the first place? All the stone coffins were uniform, all with a death date of June 13. All of this indicated that their intentions were not shallow. What were the remaining steps? It couldn't be that the devil would come in to continue the "resurrection" of the god of death, right? Zhao Xuzai knew that the secret of this hall was hidden in the back. Furthermore, if this ritual was really for the protection of the resurrection of the gods, then just three divine arts as traps were too cheap. He shouldn't have been able to walk in alive at all. And there was no altar dedicated to the sacred artifact here either.
Suddenly, Zhao Xu felt the notebook placed on his chest continue to vibrate.
He quickly took it out and flipped through it:
"It led me to find the way to the altar, it seems like a temple here!"
"The devil deceived the door, it successfully entered. At the end, there was another strange door, why are there so many stone coffins inside?"
"The devil wanted me to go in first, I was paralyzed, and then kept losing life. I was so scared, I wanted to go back!"
"Strange, just before I was about to die, a healing spell hit me, restored my state and restored my life."
"Then the devil came in to check, and then the devil died and possessed me again."
"It said, triggering those two spells can survive."
The words on the notebook stopped abruptly here.
At this moment, Zhao Xu had a somewhat unnatural look on his face, looking at the position of the door.
Those spells, they only work once.
Who arranged the one he just triggered?
"The 'energy conversion field' was set up at the door, so those spells will recharge and restore after being triggered."
At this moment, a gentle female voice sounded behind Zhao Xu.