
Chapter 192: Jeremiah's Seven Prophecies

Zhao Xu heard these words and almost immediately pulled out his "Secondary Explosion" and combined it with his "Transmission Boots" to escape this chamber filled with stone coffins.

At this moment, he wasn't sure if the "Corpse-Eating Talisman Seal" and the "High-Level Guardian Seal" he had triggered earlier would truly be able to charge up as the mysterious female voice had said, or if they had already completed the charging process.

However, his teleportation effect could still guarantee that he would appear in a 7-meter radius outside the door, just enough to reach the entrance. It was also impossible for him to trigger any traps along the way.

This was also the reason why many adventurers had become desperate and helpless with regards to magic. They would spend a lot of effort setting up traps, only for the opponent to suddenly appear and disappear, leaving them helpless.

Zhao Xu was similar in his reaction. He thought of leaving, but it was just an instinctive response.

All the time-consuming calculations were condensed into an intuitive action through the combination of "Explosion" and "Transmission Boots".

However, Zhao Xu still managed to suppress his impulse to escape and slowly turned around, looking in the direction from which the voice came.

In front of him, there were only thirteen stone coffins placed quietly on the green brick floor, with no other existence.

The scene seemed to have fallen into a strange atmosphere.

Ordinary people would certainly scream at the sight of this, thinking they had seen a ghost.

But Zhao Xu suppressed his instinctual fear and continued to calmly analyze the situation.

Was it a ghost? Was it a spirit? Was it a telepathic voice?

Zhao Xu's mind suddenly flashed with various possibilities to explain the situation, which seemed to be a mystery.
"Who are you?" Zhao Xu shouted into the empty air in front of him.
At this moment, he tightly gripped the "protective staff" in his hand. It must be said that this staff was his strong reliance.
"Me?"
A clear and distant female voice instantly came with a light and ethereal laughter.
This time, it came from behind him again.
And Zhao Xu already understood that he might be within the range of an illusion.
So the other party could manipulate the sound from various angles at will.
After the laughter continued for a while, the other party continued, "I am the artifact you want."
The owner of the female voice seemed to have thought of something interesting and laughed even more joyfully.
Zhao Xu was not the kind of person who would believe everything others said.
He heard the sound that was completely imperceptible, so he had to continue to increase his level of vigilance, and all of his spells were in a state of readiness.
"What do you mean by suddenly speaking?" Zhao Xu asked.
Just now, when he looked at that notebook, he heard that the artifact was maintaining the power of the altar.
There was no mention of the legendary artifact speaking and communicating with them in the hall where the stone coffin was placed.
Before, Antinoya had taken Zhao Xu to the last legacy of the Itel Empire, and he had seen no less than ten artifacts on those ordinary shelves.
But none of the artifacts had suddenly spoken to him like this.
"I spoke because I need your help," the clear and distant female voice said at this time. "You can call me Laxus."
At this point, Zhao Xu heard the other party starting to reveal their identity to him, and he slightly loosened his grip on the staff in his hand.
The unknown is the greatest fear.
Here is the translation of the text:

As soon as communication was possible, many obstacles could be gradually broken down. He could analyze the truth from the opponent's previous and subsequent logical conclusions. "Miss Lark, how can I help you?" Zhao Xu asked.

At the same time, he smiled to himself, thinking that his evaluation of Zhao Xu was not something to be taken lightly. "Take me away," Lark, who claimed to be a divine artifact spirit, said.

Take me away? Zhao Xu's thoughts were suddenly pulled into another dimension by the opponent. There was no absurdity about a divine artifact taking the initiative.

"What's the explanation?" Zhao Xu asked.

"Hmph, I've finally waited for you," Lark suddenly said with a haughty tone.

Zhao Xu heard these words and became even more confused, thinking that he had encountered a second-dimensional being.

"I know you're a mysterious one, but can you listen to me tell a story first?" Lark said with a laugh.

Zhao Xu then heard the name "Yeg" and his heart skipped a beat.

Because they were all familiar with Yeg's seventh and final prophecy, which said:

"When the sky is filled with fiery meteorites, the crystal barrier will be broken, and Arthur will welcome a new billion subjects."

This was the first sentence of the prophecy that Zhao Xu and other earthlings knew. The rest of the prophecy was only rumored to exist in the upper echelons of society, and only a select few had heard of it.

Lark, who claimed to be a divine artifact spirit, was the fate of the last war. He had consumed all his divine power before his death to make seven prophecies that would have a profound impact on Arthur.
Here is the translation of the text:

At the same time, the prophecies have a distinctive feature - when the person hearing the prophecy is touched by the prophecy.

As the content heard increases, the impact of various emotions also becomes stronger.

They all know that the prophecy is describing themselves.

So when the first sentence of the seventh prophecy spread, even if there are many scenarios that can correspond to it, Earthlings all understand that it's talking about them.

This is the power of the "Yeg" seven prophecies.

"Did I hear correctly? Am I the seventh?" Xu Xiu continued to ask.

He didn't expect that besides being a supporting actor in the seventh prophecy, he had also played other "prophecies".

"That's the first prophecy - he went back in time," Lakshmi seemed very happy with Xu Xiu's attitude, her mood was slightly elevated.

Suddenly Xu Xiu's whole body felt an extremely light and joyful feeling.

It was as if an endless joy was pouring into his heart, filling every inch of his body with a sense of satisfaction.

There was no sorrow or regret, no bitter autumn or spring.

Xu Xiu felt like he had suddenly awakened to the understanding that the world was infinite and beautiful, and he saw countless moving moments in life.

Until a minute passed, this feeling slowly disappeared from his mind.

Xu Xiu couldn't help but sigh.

This feeling was the same as when Zhang Qi told him about the seventh prophecy of Yeg in his previous life, and he felt the same way.

As long as the prophecy involves a group of people, when they hear the prophecy, they will feel that kind of wonderful feeling.

That's why everyone is certain that they are the ones specified by the prophecy.
Here is the translation of the given text into English:

Naturally, Zhao Xu at this moment also knew that he was the main character of the first prophecy in "Yeg's Seven Great Prophecies". "What's left?" Zhao Xu knew that the prophecy didn't stop at just one sentence, and this kind of prophecy that concerned him personally made him feel a strange sensation. He suddenly connected his own experiences of entering the game.

"That's what you need to remember - he wields the eternal artifact, spreading the brilliance of magic."

Larkss said the next prophecy slowly.

Zhao Xu was once again shocked by the prophecy.

Innumerable powerful beliefs flooded into his mind.

He suddenly felt that his entire person had become extremely confident, as if he could succeed in anything, and that all destiny was in his hands, under his control.

He controlled the rise and fall of the world, with the world under his command.

Zhao Xu struggled to suppress the urge to shout and laugh wildly, and he almost choked before calming down.

The magic of this prophecy was too terrifying.

Zhao Xu finally felt the consequences of knowing the second sentence of the prophecy - confidence.

After wiping away a cold sweat, he looked up again.

How did the first prophecy sound like a heroic epic?

"Have you heard of the transmission rules of 'Yeg's Seven Great Prophecies'?" The spirit of the artifact, Larkss, suddenly changed the topic.

Zhao Xu nodded.

"Yeg's Seven Great Prophecies" was protected by the power of fate and could not be recorded in writing. It could only be passed down through word of mouth. However, it had certain limitations. Unless it was known through a special channel.

Otherwise, the prophecy could only be transmitted among those who were involved in the prophecy.

People on Earth could pass on "Yeg's Seventh Prophecy" to each other, as they were all the souls who crossed over to Arthur mentioned in the prophecy.
Here is the translation of the text:

It is also because hearing the prophecy will have a thrilling and exhilarating effect that this prophecy has spread widely throughout the Earth's population, to the point where no one is unaware of it.

At this time, Zhao Xu's expression was extremely calm, and he had already reacted to this propagation principle before Lakshmi opened her mouth.

Lakshmi did not use any special means to let him know the prophecy, and Zhao Xu immediately understood it - he is the first person to whom the prophecy refers.

"So, you have understood that I am the 'Eternal Artifact' referred to in the prophecy?" Lakshmi said.

Zhao Xu was deeply struck by the prophecy.

Arthur's wizard population is not numerous in the various large professions, but if you include the population of Arthur's residents, the number is difficult to estimate. Even if the coefficient is small, the existence of Arthur's wizards is difficult to estimate.

Wherever there is wilderness, there are always the remnants of wizards, representing the magical civilization, constantly expanding the territory in Arthur's wilderness.

When will Zhao Xu be needed?
Unless it's another dimension similar to Earth with no magic, he still has a small chance.

After hearing the prophecy, Zhao Xu quickly calmed down.

"The Seven Prophecies of Yege" have a very flawed part.

The person involved in the prophecy has died, and can be replaced.
Killing the son of the prophecy, waiting for the prophecy to point to a new target, is something that has happened in Arthur's past.

If 7 billion people on Earth were to die.
There will be another planet on the verge of extinction, summoned to Arthur at the moment of extinction, and gain a new life, just like Earth.

"What's left of the first prophecy?" Zhao Xu continued to ask.

"I don't know," Lakshmi quickly replied.

This is getting tricky, and Zhao Xu couldn't help but furrow his brow.
Here is the translation of the text:

Several individuals who know the prophecy can spread it by word of mouth. Unless Ye Ge is resurrected, he will have to find a special channel that knows the prophecy. However, thinking about the other person will become his disciple, or rather, his little sister, Zhao Xu is still quite happy, and just thinks about equipping without filling the position. He is full of enthusiasm and asks, "What kind of divine tool are you?"