
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 219: Market Snatch

Zhao Xu slowly walked out of the wine tavern, his hands trembling as he held the bag of coins in his hand.

The five players who had been eyeing him with greed estimated that today would be a day of significant trading, otherwise they would not have taken the trouble to prepare a whole bag of coins.

Wolran had indeed not lied, the coins in Zhao Xu's hand were worth nearly a thousand gold coins.

However, inside the bag were actually a few hundred copper coins, each worth only a few gold coins. It was a currency usually used by merchant guilds, and even more so by the Magic Association or the Temple, which guaranteed redemption with "gold certificates".

Zhao Xu still couldn't help but think about what had just happened as he walked back along the familiar "Wandering Street".

In the Floating City, those high-ranking wizards had IQs of 20+ or more, and even his mentor, An Tiya, was a 50+ existence. As a result, Zhao Xu often just went along with things and didn't think too much, lest he be educated.

However, in this "Winter City", he couldn't help but carefully think through every step he took, just like his experience escorting trade caravans for the Heavenly Alliance in the past. Sometimes, thinking one step ahead meant the difference between success and failure.

In theory, his "Stellar Cloak" should be unrecognizable to others, but it was possible that they might guess it was a magical item. As for the "+1 Dark Night" battle-axe he wore on his back, its subtle, ghostly appearance made it easy to detect as a magical weapon.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhou Xu has always been a skilled hand at manipulating the "yin and yang" attribute to attack the yin souls. When he does this, it's like giving the players a freebie.

At this point, Zhao Xu had finally reacted, but this time he had acted "impetuously". The bartender at the wine shop didn't bother to pay attention to him. He should have reacted, because in the "Winter City", he was a foreigner.

As a "black resident" who didn't have a resident certificate and hadn't paid any city taxes, he suddenly disappeared, even the city guards and the entire law enforcement system didn't know about it.

Moreover, since the players themselves were just projections, they didn't even need to handle their corpses.

Plus, the players loved to kill each other for a breath of air, so unless a player held a position in the Winter City, the law enforcement system wouldn't intervene.

Considering the highest-ranked mage was only level 4, with 4 level 2 mages and many level 1 mages, Zhao Xu's recent actions were equivalent to a child playing with gold.

If he hadn't taken action, the locals would have to be extremely tolerant.

Zhao Xu, who had just made a mistake, didn't feel too regretful. After all, the five people watching him do this kind of business weren't newcomers, so he directly used his magic to slay the five people.

At first, he directly released a two-ring "flash dust", which was actually a form of control magic, paralyzing several people's combat strength and allowing him to withdraw from the battlefield.

After the flash dust exploded, Zhao Xu also applied the "invisibility" spell to himself.

If Zhao Xu had activated the invisibility ring before releasing the flash dust, his entire body would have been covered in those golden particles, which was a clear case of "covering one's ears to steal a bell".

After successfully becoming invisible, Zhao Xu was actually trying to avoid the crowd and find a safe and reasonable location.
Here is the translation:

Zhaoxu allows himself to cast a fireball skill that covers five people, clearing the area directly.

Among 1st-level players, the barbarian with the highest life die is D12, combined with the characteristic that can fill the 1st-level life value, which is 12 HP. Assuming the constitution is also 18 points, the adjusted value is +4.

So, the initial life value of a barbarian without any special skills is 16 HP, which is equivalent to the life value of a 3rd-level Zhaoxu.

If the barbarian also has the "Frenzy" ability, the life value will be increased to 18 HP.

Still, under the threat of Zhaoxu's fireball skill with an 18-point damage expectation, the five players and four guards, including all 1st-level players, are virtually non-existent.

At this time, Zhaoxu chooses the point of impact for his fireball skill when everyone is gathered together, desperately trying to escape and open the door.

Then, he casts the "Fireball" skill with a radius of 6 meters, directly clearing the area of nine people.

Those who survive will not be able to withstand Zhaoxu's final "Magic Missile". When Zhaoxu's spellcasting level reaches 5th level, the Magic Missile will have already reached three times, and when it reaches 9th level, the number could reach five or more, which is the limit.

The range of the spell is also a concern for the wizard in the future.

Arthur's magic is all prepared in advance in his mind, so the area of effect of the spell is set in advance.

Therefore, it's not that "Rainbow Spray" is not fragrant or "Fireball" is not powerful, but that everyone is too careless and brings their teammates and enemies together in rhythm.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhou Xu once fought in a valley, ignoring the enemy and allies around him, and unleashed a "seven-colored spray" that knocked many people down. He then joined forces with four players who had not participated in the battle, creating a situation where there were many opponents and few allies.

To avoid hitting friendly teammates, mages usually rely on the ability to change the shape of magic, such as "Magic Shaping" or "Master Shaping".

If he has the ability to master "Shaping", he can change the shape of magic in real-time.

Later, when Zhou Xu advanced to the "Magic Guardian" profession, he learned the ability to cast magic selectively, allowing teammates to ignore the effects of magic and only affect enemies.

This is the most powerful and versatile ability.

After Zhou Xu reflected on his recent battle, he returned to the "Junk Market" in the Winter City.

With 1000 GP in hand, he naturally took advantage of the opportunity to fill his shortcomings in strength.

Especially, there may be some secrets that have been passed down through the years among the small traders wandering outside.

By getting close to them, he could obtain inside information.

The layout of the "Junk Market" in Winter City is similar to that of a market on Earth, with most vendors busy with their own affairs. Some vendors even eat while working and selling goods, but the quality of their products is discounted.

The market is crowded, with people flocking to the stalls, even if they don't need anything. The market sells a variety of goods, with the rarest being magic items, such as scrolls and magic weapons. However, most goods sold in the market are defective or hard to sell.
Here is the translation of the text:

The remaining items are mostly relics and ancient artifacts excavated from various sites. After excavating these relics, many people can only afford to dispose of them cheaply, as the cost of identifying them is still relatively high. However, many people use magical items, even until they die, without being clear whether they have fully utilized the effects of the magical items.

As for adventurers like Arthur, they often use magical items sparingly to conserve resources. Not everyone has the luxury of having a "magical observer's goggles" and sufficient magical slots to perform the "Detection Magic" spell.

The remaining types of items in the marketplace are "refined items", which have the most obvious effects and are also the largest in quantity. With a set of "refining tools", sufficient refining materials, and a refining blueprint, combined with sufficient refining skills, one can make a living by refining.

This is also the reason why "refining" has become the mainstream skill in Arthur's current job, while "manufacturing weapons" skills have failed to catch up.

After all, refining is more self-sufficient than other job skills, such as professional (driver), professional (chef), and professional (farmer). Many players choose to sell their refined items at the market, partly because the refining shop has a stable supply channel and quality.

As for these scattered customers, because the quality is uneven, they cannot sell their refined items at a good price or get noticed by others. Zhao Xu's trip is also partly to supplement his own refined items and see if his "identification technique" can help him find some treasures.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the midst of Master Straus, a rare coin fell to the ground, and those surrounding him could explain its origin and history in detail. Although the appraisal technique is expensive, people estimate its value with a high degree of accuracy and are willing to take a chance. Because Master Straus can find a shop that can perform the appraisal technique at any time within a short distance.

On the other hand, in this winter city, one needs to make an appointment in advance to find a mage who can perform the appraisal technique. Zhao Xiu's gaze swept across the bustling marketplace, where several eye-catching stalls were set up. The sheep's wool was displayed on the sheep, and the rental fees were not paid by the buyers.

Moreover, due to the large crowd, the probability of successfully finding a rare item was low. Zhao Xiu walked door to door, but he was not looking at the goods on display. He was instead observing the people.

As a former law enforcement officer, Zhao Xiu could distinguish between those who had brought their ancestors' treasures to sell, those who were making a profit by buying and selling, and those who had stolen the treasures from the tombs. However, Zhao Xiu's gaze suddenly came to a stop on a mage dressed in a player's attire.

Zhao Xiu was surprised to find that he had run into an acquaintance, an acquaintance who was later a high-ranking official in the winter city.