
Chapter 220: Bronze Lion Phoenix

Zhao Xu thought back on his past experiences as he slowed his pace and walked forward.

The woman familiar to Zhao Xu, Shen Nian, was currently engrossed in arranging her alchemy equipment, completely immersed in her own little world.

If Zhao Xu wasn't accustomed to Shen Nian's style, he would have found it hard to imagine that this pair would later become siblings who would thrive in the Winter City's high-rise buildings, with Shen Nian able to only set up a street stall in Arthur's land.

Zhao Xu knew that Shen Nian's in-game name was Yan Yi, and her true name was Shen Nian.

In her previous life, she had reached the position of Vice President of the Winter City's Magical Consultancy Team, making her the second most powerful person in the Winter City's Magical Administration Department.

Logically, she should have encountered her mentor from her previous life and successfully triggered her bloodline power, quickly leveling up.

However, compared to Shen Nian, Shen Ze, also known as Ren Nian in the game, was more famous and had a higher reputation in the Winter City.

Zhao Xu remembered that Shen Ze had recently given up his mage profession and joined the Saint Warrior camp. As a result, he was discovered by the "Divine Guardian" team of the Holy God and was directly selected for special training.

This was also the benefit of being affiliated with a powerful organization, which would constantly recruit and cultivate talent. Many selected players had also completed their accumulation in advance.

Then, in the later Earth forces, they seized the initiative.

Zhao Xu had become acquainted with this pair of siblings during the period when the entire nation was just starting to cross over, a time when everyone was in a state of chaos, and many families were not transported to the same location.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhaoxu happened to shelter the parents of his opponent, who were in trouble, and as a result, he gained another opportunity for promotion, which somehow salvaged the laziness of the past three days of fishing and two days of drying nets.

As the former town's justice, Zhaoxu would often trouble the brother and sister whenever he had difficulties in the distant city of Winter City during the autumn wind.

As the elder brother, Shenze was naturally impossible to manipulate the distribution of resources in favor of his most remote subordinate, the justice of Star Lake Town.

Therefore, Zhaoxu had to leave Winter City through the back door, and most of the time, he would communicate with Shenren through Shenren.

It can be said that in his previous life, he had troubled the brother and sister many times.

Earlier, Zhaoxu was in the watchtower, where he recognized the watchtower's reconstruction through his family's brick-making technique, which he had initially troubled Shenren to find for him.

As he thought about this, Zhaoxu also remembered why the watchtower had been renovated 200 years ago and why the notebook had appeared in the sandy soil, which remained a mystery to him.

He needed to investigate and analyze the evidence in the future.

At this time, Shenren saw Zhaoxu approaching and quickly stood up, using a gentle tone to introduce other alchemical products to him.

However, Zhaoxu had already had too many interactions with the woman in front of him.

He had already figured out that the woman was outwardly gentle but inwardly cold, and she didn't care much about most things, devoting herself to her own small world.

Even Shenze had praised his sister's culinary skills, and Zhaoxu would just smile wryly at the enthusiastic and helpful sister-in-law.

At this time, Zhaoxu didn't say much, and even without his intervention, the woman would wait for her own opportunities.

Zhaoxu naturally had no intention of pretending or feigning.
Here is the translation of the text:

As Shen Nian, who had mastered the art of alchemy, directly held up a bottle of antitoxin for observation. The antitoxin, which Shen Nian had concocted using his alchemy skills, had a lighter green color than the typical antidote. Many craftsmen who had mastered alchemy had their own unique methods, and some were even amateurs. As a result, the various antidotes sold at the marketplace had different colors.

As a novice player who had consumed many antidotes, Zhao Xu hesitated and slowly opened the cap of the bottle, sniffing it carefully before turning to Ran Yi and saying, "This antitoxin is suspicious."

Zhao Xu then handed the bottle to Ran Yi, asking him to take a closer look. "This antitoxin is fine," Shen Nian explained calmly, "although it does have a color difference from the official antitoxin. Originally, I sold it for 50 gold coins, but I'll give it to you for 45 gold coins."

Zhao Xu couldn't help but laugh when he heard the price. It seemed that he still needed to discuss it further to make it more interesting.

The price was also much cheaper than what the material stores in Astoria sold, which was another reason why this lively marketplace attracted so many people.

"Have you forgotten to add wormwood?" Zhao Xu thought for a moment before deciding to tell Shen Nien the answer.

Shen Nian, who had initially been confident, suddenly changed his expression and took the bottle of antitoxin from Zhao Xu.
Here is the translation of the text:

The greatest effect of the antitoxin is that, after drinking it, the target organism, although not invincible to all poisons, can directly increase its "resilience" by five levels when facing viruses.

At present, the antitoxin that was supposed to increase immunity has even become another poisonous substance.

Shen Nian's face turned slightly pale, and he looked at Zhao Xu with a hint of incredulity. "How did you figure it out?"

Hearing this question, Zhao Xu hesitated for a moment.

He knew because Shen Ze had told him about it when they shared a funny story about his sister.

At that time, Shen Ze said that Shen Nian had forgotten to add the wintergreen grass during the alchemy process because he was interrupted, so when he returned, he forgot to add it again.

After that, a unlucky warrior bought this bottle of antitoxin and drank it, only to find that it didn't give him any benefits, but rather reduced his resilience. As a result, the warrior died shortly after drinking the antitoxin.

Later, the warrior came to Shen Ze to complain, and Shen Ze had to compensate him to settle the matter.

Zhao Xu had just learned about this story from Shen Ze and simply used it to point out the other person's question.

He also successfully intimidated the other person.

"If you have the conditions, you can create a color card for each product, and after a long time, you will understand what you are missing by looking at the differences in the color card," Zhao Xu said.

At this point, Shen Nian heard the method from his past life and his eyes lit up, and he fell into deep thought.

Zhao Xu also picked up another alchemy item.
Here is the translation of the text:

"This is 'Fiery Adhesive', divided into 2 sections, 1-6, fire damage. According to your hint today, I can give you a 50% discount," Shen Nian said to Zhao Xu.

The 50% discount is already close to the cost price, equivalent to not making a profit at all. It's possible that the opponent, a new player, may even have to pay for it. But Zhao Xu just shook his head and put it down.

The Fiery Adhesive just now looked unstable, with the possibility of self-destruction at any moment.

Emotionally, Shen Nian had complained about it when he first got it, saying it was too expensive.

Zhao Xu was indeed having a hard time linking the girl in front of him to the later, spirited Ruì Yì.

However, Shen Nien's doing this also showed that the requirements for creating alchemy items are extremely high.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu's gaze fell on a bronze-made lion eagle statue.

He couldn't help but pick it up and examine it.

"This thing was given to me by an old man from the adjacent stall when he was in a hurry to go home and give his child medical attention, asking me to watch the stall," Zhao Xu said.

"I don't know where he went after borrowing two bottles of antitoxin and disappearing without a trace, even leaving the stall behind. These things are all the opponent's leftover guarantees, said to be stolen from some mysterious tombs."

Zhao Xu listened and immediately understood.

The opponent was caught in a very simple, primitive scam. Who would have thought that a player who had only played for a month would receive such a high-level education.

Zhao Xu didn't think too much and directly used the "Detective Magic" on the earpiece-shaped "Mechanical Eye Protector".

Suddenly, the information of the bronze lion eagle statue was fed directly into Zhao Xu's mind.

Is it really a magical item?