
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 227: Fiery God Servant

Zhao Xu's first glance fell on his new attributes:

【Strength: 8 (-1)
Agility: 13 (+1)
Endurance: 14 (+2)
Intelligence: 23 (+6)
Perception: 25 (+7)
Charisma: 25 (+7)

When he merged with Altoira, Altoira's attributes "Intelligence", "Perception", and "Charisma" each decreased by 5 points, and then compared to Zhao Xu's attributes. The higher one would take precedence.

In other words, Zhao Xu wanted to inherit Altoira's three attributes, but he had to bear a 5-point attribute penalty. However, he had just used the "Clear God's Attunement" skill, which allowed him to bypass the penalty.

As a result, Zhao Xu perfectly inherited Altoira's three attributes, and his willpower and additional spell slots were also affected.

However, Zhao Xu was slightly disappointed because he couldn't inherit his previous attributes. His strength remained at 8, which affected his subsequent attacks.

Zhao Xu didn't put too much thought into this, as he had spells that could compensate. He continued to scan the character panel.

"All ten skills of the Fiery God Servant" were suddenly under his control.

Instantly, Zhao Xu's knowledge (mysticism), knowledge (religion), and spell identification skills, which he had previously mastered, skyrocketed to 30+ points, making him almost invulnerable to skill checks.
Here is the translation of the text:

As he possesses various skills such as hiding, listening, sneaking, searching, and observing, his abilities have skyrocketed to the level of 20-30.

Currently, he is basically capable of doing anything.

In the past, Zhao Xu became the "Furnace God Servant" and obtained more than 30 points of defense, 15 points of damage reduction, dark vision, and 15 points of regeneration.

These abilities are characteristic of angels, and he is not currently transformed, so they do not exist.

However, Aria's "Supernatural Ability", "Classical Magic Ability", and "Priest Magic Ability" are all complete.

Zhao Xu directly opened the door to the quiet room and walked out.

Just like when he transformed earlier, a mysterious protective energy surrounded him within a radius of 6 meters, completely invisible yet real.

This is the angelic tribe's supernatural ability - "Guardian Spirit".

This powerful guardian spirit is innate and will only be suppressed by the Anti-Magic Zone and will not be nullified.

When he transformed earlier, he only had thoughts of revenge and was unable to calmly and comprehensively experience the magnificence of transformation.

Now, Zhao Xu is more anxious, and the players in Winter City are gathering, and they won't reach "Star Lake" until tomorrow.

So, he has a day to master all his abilities.

Then, he hid in the dark and struck when the battle erupted.

Against key enemies, he dealt a fatal blow with a single hit.

At this moment, Zhao Xu lightly extended his hand, sensing the faint aura in front of him.

Although he couldn't touch it, the numerical values on the panel had already appeared.

The "Guardian Spirit" has three major effects.
Here is the translation of the text:

The first-level effect is that all allies within a 6-meter range, including himself, will gain a +4 bonus to defense and a +4 bonus to saving throws when fighting against evil creatures. In essence, the +4 defense bonus means that even if he is unarmed, anyone within a 6-meter radius of Zhao Xu will be protected by a spiritual force field that is comparable to a "Mage's Shield" or a "Knight's Armor." This force field can be stacked with normal armor.

The saving throw bonus of +4 is equivalent to wearing a "+4 Resistance Cloak" that costs 16,000 gold coins.

This is just the first level of the spiritual effect.

The second level of the spiritual effect is equivalent to setting up a three-ring spell "Anti-Evil Array" within a 6-meter radius. For example, the "Deep Prisons of the Damned" can only be entered by using a spell to resist evil.

Meanwhile, everyone within the circle will automatically receive a blessing from the "Protection from Evil" spell, which is also Zhao Xu's favorite protective spell.

The third level of the spiritual effect is that a four-ring spell "Spell Nullification Barrier" will be generated within a 6-meter radius.

From then on, all spells of levels one to three, including Zhao Xu's fireball spell, will be unable to take effect here. Even compared to that spell, Zhao Xu will be even more agile because his "Protection from Evil" is mobile with him.

Zhao Xu, relying solely on the existence of this spiritual energy, has become a strong team leader, equivalent to a middle-level poet. Then Zhao Xu's line of sight shifts to his ability to cast similar spells, and he sighs in disappointment.
Here is the translation of the text:

He can freely cast the following spells: Unending Blaze (2nd circle), Remove Curse (3rd circle), Holy Smite (4th circle), Invisibility (2nd circle), Secondary Restoration (2nd circle), Remove Disease (3rd circle), Remove Fear (1st circle), and Speak with the Dead (3rd circle).

These freely cast spells are mostly composed of the 3rd circle spells that he will master as a novice mage, so he's not too excited.

Among these spells, only "Holy Smite" is a range attack, and "Remove Curse" can target an opponent's defensive spell, while the others are mainly used to remove negative states.

As for the spells that can be cast three times a day, they start to get stronger:

* Sword Shield (6th circle), Flame Strike (5th circle), Shape Shift (4th circle), Resurrection (5th circle), Fatigue Wave (5th circle), and Command Spell (8th circle).

After that, there are spells that can be cast only once a day:

* Earthquake (8th circle), Advanced Restoration (6th circle), Mass Charm (8th circle), and Force Crush (7th circle).

These spells may only be used one to three times a day, but they have a certain intensity, and Zhao Xiu can cast them without any cost.

If there are dead people in front of him, like in the case of the former team, Zhao Xiu can also revive them one by one using the "Resurrection" spell.

In the end, when he casts spells on his own, he won't be too passive.

Altogether, Altrouise, who has been possessed by the Holy Spirit, cannot interfere with his actions, let alone now that she has fallen asleep.

So, the angels will only resonate with the good camp.

Moreover, Zhao Xiu has noticed that he has additional spells automatically activated on his body, which are higher-level "Automatic Effect Spells" than the freely cast spells.
Here is the translation of the text:

Detecting evil (one ring), detecting traps (one ring), distinguishing lies (four rings), recognizing invisible things (two rings), and true knowledge (six rings). These spells, even if they are dispelled by magic, can automatically recover with just one thought by Zhao Xu.

The key is that they have no time limit, so Zhao Xu suddenly thought of a way to abuse the spells.

However, he can only use them after the attachment is over.

During this period, Zhao Xu can distinguish between evil beings, detect traps, know lies, and see through illusions.

Just now, he slightly deceived an angel with his current intentions, and he would definitely not be able to resist the power of the spell if he did not have a valid excuse.

Next, it's up to others to find it difficult to deceive him.

Especially the "True Knowledge" spell, which is a minute-level spell that cannot be sustained, is currently residing in Zhao Xu's body.

He not only can see through illusions, but also recognizes the darkness caused by various magic, including his ability to see the status of the spiritual realm.

However, these are not the most meaningful things for Zhao Xu.
As long as his attribute values are sufficient, he can cast the priest's magic spell that Artesia can cast.
Zhao Xu originally had a low sense of 14 points, but after "Divine Attachment", his sense of 25 points is completely satisfied with the requirements for casting spells by a 9-ring priest.

At this point, Zhao Xu has perfectly inherited the 20-level priest abilities of the God of Fire.

Some creatures have a challenge level of 23, which injects a lot of water.
However, the God of Fire, although also having a challenge level of 23, has only 22 HD of life, but with the 20-level priest's spellcasting ability, he can match the identity of a 23-level challenge.
Zhao Xu gazed at his brand new mage spell slot, with 5 spells in the 9th circle, 8 spells in the 8th circle, and so on, decreasing by one each circle until the 3rd circle, which had 8 spells. This luxurious feeling gave him a dreamy sensation.

At this moment, even if he possessed the "Thousand Spells Book", he might not have felt as powerful. Because he could prepare his spells in advance.

As a warrior at heart, Zhao Xu had once possessed a warrior's spirit. However, after obtaining the dual elite, his first reaction was to choose the mage because mages were too powerful in combat. His second reaction was to choose the same spell, seemingly taking on a healer's role as a priest. That was because priests were even more powerful in combat.

At that time, all the players in Winter City were immersed in a chaotic atmosphere, constantly organizing and coordinating with each other. Meanwhile, Zhao Xu found a nearby bed and sat down quietly, praying.

Now, he needs to prepare his spells. After completing his spell combination, those players will be able to witness the phenomenon of—

Certain Crit!
Certain Crit!
Certain Kill!