
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 235: Unlimited Magical Position

Zhao Xu sat silently in the tent, his eyes fixed on the flickering candlelight as he thought deeply.

Despite Freya's complex upbringing, this sudden wealth and prestige had a profound impact on her attitude towards life. Her caution and wariness also decreased significantly, allowing Zhao Xu to easily extract some secrets from her.

For instance, Freya also possessed a mysterious notebook that she had brought out from the enigmatic tomb. Unlike Andy and the ghostly ancestor, Freya's father had sufficient insight and could find a powerful magical consultant.

As a result, they uncovered some secrets of the notebook and paid attention to the symbol. Zhao Xu was not particularly concerned about this.

Sometimes, tangible objects and friendships were more meaningful than the ephemeral and mysterious tomb, especially to these powerful figures.

However, Zhao Xu was perplexed by Andy's ancestor mentioning that he had brought back his gains from the tomb in just over a month's time. This journey was impossible to complete between the Star Lake and Mistral.

So, Zhao Xu was puzzled. Freya had mentioned the notebook when talking about the location of the tomb, mentioning the name "Star Lake".

So, Freya had come alone to prove her abilities to her father. Zhao Xu obtained the first notebook, which mentioned the location of the tomb, although it was a desolate and uninhabited wilderness. However, it was still 180,000 li away from "Star Lake".

This meant that there must be another notebook that was lying.
Here is the translation of the text:

Suddenly, Zhao Xu almost slapped his thigh.

At this moment, he directly took out the backpack's copy of "Magical Notes on the Solstice" and directly retrieved the first note written by Andy's ancestor.

Andy's ancestor had previously hinted at the fact that demons possessed people through these simple travel notes.

However, the main content recorded was the symbol of the tomb entrance and the approximate location of the tomb.

Zhao Xu then took out another copy of "Mistral's Perimeter Environmental Atlas".

Zhao Xu also found this in the knowledge (geography) section of the library and used the "Automatic Recording Feather Pen" to transcribe it.

He spread out the atlas to the widest page, which recorded the entire region from the Heavenly North to the entire Mistral-occupied region in the Heavenly South.

Zhao Xu then took out a ruler and drew a semicircle according to the standard location.

Slowly, as more lines appeared.

Zhao Xu's gaze also became increasingly clear.

Upon selecting several locations and suddenly discovering that the original map was a triangular shape, which was a simple symbol for demons, Zhao Xu was taken aback.

This was what Andy's ancestor had crudely drawn.

In essence, it was to hint that Andy's clan had been possessed by demons.

Zhao Xu also thought to himself that it was no wonder Andy's clan had quietly hidden the notebook without cherishing it.

It was likely that they had been deceived seriously.

It was probably that the mysterious tomb was hidden beneath Star Lake.

However, Zhao Xu did not rush.
Here is the translation of the text:

If the mysterious tomb truly lies undisturbed at the bottom of "Star Lake", there is no one who can dig it up now, and it naturally has a long time to discover it.

But at this moment, I have more pressing matters to attend to.

Zhao Xu used the "Miracle Technique" to simulate the "Advanced Teleportation" and teleported himself back to the dormitory of the Mage Association in Winter City.

Zhao Xu did not check out of the room, so the room is still registered under his name.

By this time, the room next door has become empty, indicating that the person who stayed there has also gone to "Star Lake".

Zhao Xu hung a "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door, relocked it, and then lay back on the bed.

Zhao Xu re-performed the ritual to connect to the "Mythical Library" that he had done earlier.

This is also the reason why he wanted to return to the Mage Association dormitory, a safe location.

Otherwise, if he were to retreat back to his tent and someone attacked him, others might still be fighting, and his body would have been killed by the thief who snuck in because his consciousness had wandered away, which would be too tragic.

When Zhao Xu opened his eyes again,

he found himself back in the familiar "Mythical Library".

At this moment, Lü Du saw him appear and couldn't help but widen her curious eyes, looking at him, "You actually managed to deceive the angels and synchronize with them, I thought you would just borrow the book and then return it."

Seeing Lü Du's teasing, Zhao Xu immediately replied directly, "Lü Du, do you know of any low-level spellcasting methods that can last for a long time?"

Zhao Xu wants to be able to maintain his combat effectiveness at any time without having to cast spells again.

The best way would be to have all spells last for 24 hours after casting.

When Zhao Xu asked the question, Lü Du listened with a hint of surprise and walked up to him to take a closer look.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The librarian, with a haughty expression, looked at Zhao Xu and said, 'Divine Magic.' 'It is a comprehensive term for a series of divine magic specializing in prolonged spells.'"

"'It's essence is to specify a type of divine magic, such as 'Divine Magic' (Spell Persistence), which allows you to dispel undead creatures a certain number of times to offset the need to increase the spell's ring count.'"

"Although Lu Duo's explanation was a bit complicated, Zhao Xu quickly understood it."

"For example, he had the Spell Persistence specialization, which allowed him to maintain a spell for a certain duration. Now, he could directly pay 6 points to dispel the spell using the Divine Magic (Spell Persistence) specialization."

"The cleric's dispel count was based on the innate value of 3, with additional adjustments made to charisma. So, Zhao Xu currently had a total of 10 dispel counts."

"In other words, if he had the Spell Persistence and Divine Magic specializations, he could turn a spell that met the conditions into a 24-hour buff that could be used during combat."

"From now on, Zhao Xu was no longer the timid Wuhuan who would flee at the thought of using up 10 dispel counts."

"'Haha, that's why many clerics want to stack their own dispel counts, such as learning the 'Additional Dispelling' specialization.' This is also a significant reason why charisma is important for clerics."

"Lu Duo began to explain to Zhao Xu, who finally understood why the big shot from the previous life had told him that charisma was useful for clerics."

"It's clear that the significance lies here."
Here is the translation of the text:

Unfortunately, it was at that moment that he deliberately boosted his charm to 13 points because of the existence of the sacred super magic. "What's wrong, lost in thought?" Lü Dù looked at Zhāo Xù, who was deep in thought, and couldn't help but ask with concern. Originally, she had wanted to ask Zhāo Xù how to increase the frequency of dispelling. If Zhāo Xù wanted to use other super magic specialties such as instant spellcasting, he would have to learn another sacred super magic (instant spellcasting) to be able to dispel the frequency.

"No, I suddenly felt that when resources are abundant to a certain extent, many original barriers will suddenly be broken," Zhāo Xù said, and then went straight to a bookshelf and took out a book on the introduction to sacred super magic, reading it carefully and slowly.

"Ah, you're really studying?" Lü Dù looked at Zhāo Xù's behavior and couldn't help but be surprised.

It was impossible to beg for Buddha's help at such a critical moment.

She was very confident that Zhāo Xù didn't have any spare slots for specialties.

Let alone that Zhāo Xù hadn't even learned the most basic spellcasting persistence specialty.

However, Zhāo Xù was still looking at the book with great interest.

Or rather, when he knew that boosting charm was actually for dispelling frequency, he suddenly felt as if he were in a trance.

It took him about half an hour to finish reading.

At that moment, he looked like he was in a state of emptiness.

Then he looked at the end of the bookshelf and at his last ninth ring "Miracle Art" spell slot.

"Not wild and heroic!" Zhāo Xù used the Miracle Art again, simulating the five-ring wizard's art.

And Lü Dù was staring at all this with her mouth wide open, unable to believe it, "You're actually a latent talent!"
Here is the translation of the text:

"Adventurer Xiaochun exhibits 'Unbridled Heroism', gaining 1 temporary potential point every round, with a countdown of 21 rounds. 

Unbridled Heroism is a precursor spell that restores this strongest skill.

The duration of this spell is equal to the caster's level, so it can last for 21 rounds.

Originally, Xiaochun had only 5 potential points, but after using this spell, he effectively had 1 point of potential that would automatically disappear every round.

The prerequisite for using this spell is that the caster must have potential points.

Just as the round was about to end, Xiaochun suddenly stirred up his potential.

In an instant, the potential that would have automatically disappeared went up in flames and turned into energy that spread throughout his body.

Xiaochun immediately decided on the use of this potential - restoration spell!

Suddenly, in his mind, the original "Miracle" spell slot that had been depleted to zero rings was restored to its original state.

This means that from this moment on, within this synchronized time frame, Xiaochun's spell slots will always be full."