
Chapter 246: The Secret Under Prophecy

After returning to the "Starless Town" where the Mineral Association was located, Zhao Xu went straight there.

As for the giant sorcerer, he had used the "Sealing Technique" of the Nine Rings to confine it.

Under this permanent spell, the giant sorcerer would remain in a state of fake death and stagnation.

Because he knew from the giant sorcerer's memories that there was another notebook.

This notebook was collected by the other race during their search for magical knowledge several hundred years ago.

They realized that this notebook was extraordinary and knew that there were several more.

So the giant sorcerer tribe used the notebook to set up an extremely powerful ritual.

As long as someone carrying a similar notebook entered the monitored area of the Northern Alliance, the ritual would be triggered.

They even knew the characteristics of the target, the Magic Goddess Priestess.

After Zhao Xu arrived in Winter City, he entered the detection range and triggered the notebook ritual.

However, Zhao Xu wasn't too worried about it.

After synchronizing with "Artois", he had cast a 24-hour "Soul Shield" spell on himself, which directly blocked the existence of all divination detection spells.

In fact, there was another notebook in the Northern Alliance region, which was in the hands of Fleure's father.

The giant sorcerers did not dare to approach rashly.

This showed that the notebook could also block divination detection methods.

Zhao Xu turned back and was going to customize a leaden book box to store his notebook.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The Starfall Town" is a small town that has developed around the Starfall Lake's underground silver ore deposit. Under the influence of the mine beneath the lake, many monsters have evolved in the surrounding area, making it a popular spot for players to train and collect resources. However, before players entered the town, Starfall Town itself was already quite prosperous, supported by the miners who worked there. The town had a thriving entertainment industry, consuming the miners' monthly wages.

These industries also laid the groundwork for the "Slave Trade Incident". Before going online, Zhao Xun published an article that analyzed the geography of the Starfall Lake area and revealed some information about the "Mineral Association". Most importantly, he advised players who wanted to defeat the slave traders to unite and launch a war.

Otherwise, the scattered ambushes would be unable to break through Starfall Town's defense. From a perspective of launching an epic battle, Zhao Xun also encouraged players. In reality, previous players lost to the fourth day, with an average of two to three resurrection stones, before deciding to make a desperate play and gather together to launch a siege.

The resulting battle, with tens of thousands of participants, used countless deaths as a sacrifice to create an epic, tragic battle. This drew in a large number of external players. Zhao Xun's article was to give players the answer in advance, so they wouldn't have to waste two days trying it out. The task request for the "Slave Traders" has been released. Today is the first day, and by the third day, the "Mineral Association" will receive strong reinforcements.
Here is the translation:

So Zhao Xu decided to seize the opportunity to gain some time.

However, when he approached the Starfall Town, which was still brightly lit at night, he did not rashly sneak in.

Using his observation skills, he investigated and found that the entire Starfall Town was in a state of high alert.

From time to time, small teams of players would approach the town and launch a direct attack on the town's guards, but none of them succeeded and were quickly defeated.

As a 20-level priest, Zhao Xu had also acquired stronger abilities.

In addition to the two-ring "Divination" skill, he could also use the four-ring "Prophecy" skill and the five-ring "Spiritual Communication" skill.

The "Prophecy" skill would allow him to receive useful suggestions about the things he needed to do, goals, or actions within the next week.

The "Spiritual Communication" skill allowed him to directly ask gods or intermediaries for answers, although there was a possibility of receiving unclear responses.

Zhao Xu's current main concern was finding a new angle to break through the stalemate, rather than continuing to circle around his own plans.

So he decided to use the "Prophecy" skill directly.

At this moment, Zhao Xu was outdoors and didn't have the time to prepare incense and holy water, let alone recite the 10-minute-long incantation required for the "Divination" skill in this quiet night.

So he continued to use the nine-ring "Miracle" skill to simulate the "Prophecy" skill.

Just a few seconds later, the simulated "Prophecy" skill emitted a scorching light that fell on the cypress tree in front of Zhao Xu.
Here is the translation of the text:

He took a closer look and realized that the tree had been inscribed with a prophecy given to him by the Oracle of Wisdom - Anzhiya.

After seeing the name, Zhao Xu silently used his magic to erase the markings on the tree.

However, his heart was filled with some confusion and weight.

In fact, since he was sent to undergo the trial to cultivate the "Steel Will" specialization, he had avoided cheating by consulting Anzhiya.

Unbeknownst to him, he had ended up back here again.

As the situation had reached this point, Zhao Xu did not hesitate and directly used the teleportation spell to return to Mistral.

As the teleportation light flashed, he appeared in the reception hall of the "Gate of Arcane" and then used the portal to arrive at the floating city above.

It wasn't until almost dawn that Zhao Xu finally reached the seventh floor of the Tower of the Sages.

"Teacher, haven't you slept yet?" Zhao Xu knocked on the door and found Anzhiya sitting at her desk, wearing a robe and holding a thick tome of magical knowledge.

Anzhiya slightly raised an eyebrow and looked at Zhao Xu.

"You've gotten stronger, but unfortunately it's not sustainable. However, you didn't come to the Library of Legends for nothing. You've learned some temporary strengthening techniques."

Zhao Xu didn't find it unusual that Anzhiya could see through his connection to the "Fiery God Servant".

At this moment, he also felt like he was at home and sat down on the soft couch next to Anzhiya, looking directly at her.

"Teacher, I want to ask about the inner workings of the 'Carrion Beast Pit'."

Zhao Xu then recounted his entire experience since he started, from beginning to end.

At the same time, he also told Anzhiya about the results he had seen using the "Prophecy Magic".
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu, who possessed the "True Knowledge" technique, could see through illusions and dark magic, but he still couldn't fully discern Anniya's true appearance, which was shrouded in a hood. "How did you come to realize that the direction indicated by the 'Prophecy Technique' is not the mine owner of Star Lake, but rather the 'Cave of Steel Will'?" Anniya curiously asked.

Anyone who accepted a task would have a direct reaction to the current situation. However, Zhao Xu had memories of his past life, and he knew the extent of the energy possessed by the mine owners of Star Lake. He was aware that it was impossible for him to overcome the current situation with his 20th-level cleric abilities alone.

The "Prophecy Technique" was telling him to seek Anniya's help. In other words, he couldn't solve the problem on his own.

"Intuition," Zhao Xu knew that Anniya wasn't concerned about these things and gave a reason that both parties could accept. "Interesting, you know that the pre-settlement you went to is the most difficult one."

"Over the years, very few have been able to pass through," Anniya remembered, resting her cheek on her hand. "However, there are benefits to difficulties. If you can enter that semi-plane, you'll definitely get the expertise of 'Steel Will'."

Zhao Xu heard this and knew that his settlement was special. "What's in that semi-plane?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but ask.

The time limit for the agreement between him and the Heavenly God was limited, but it wasn't impossible to negotiate. Zhao Xu had once thought that regulations were absolute, but he later realized that as long as the regulations were made by humans, there was always room for compromise.

He and Artyla talked and extended the time, and he even covered entering the semi-plane. "That semi-plane contains the divine tool of the God of Death, the true God of Death's Scythe."
Here is the translation of the text:

Anshiniya didn't prepare any defensive measures against Zhao Xu, and directly revealed this point.

The moment the words left her lips, the full-body armor in the room began to vibrate slightly.

"Teacher, I think that if I awaken my 'Steel Will' specialization after entering, I should hurry up and leave," Zhao Xu said.

"Why would you?" Anshiniya suddenly laughed softly.

"That artifact is actually something I really want to collect. It's rare to have an artifact that's purely dedicated to killing."

Zhao Xu shook his head: "Teacher, I'm not going to play along with this."

The Mage Association definitely lacks artifacts.

So he was certain that this was not a genuine hidden item.

But Anshiniya definitely wouldn't lie to him, which meant that the thing hidden there might not even be known to Anshiniya herself.

This was really terrifying and dangerous.

"Ah, it's really boring in the summer. But don't worry, after you participate in this battle, the kind of strong resonance that comes from being born together will give you a boost," Anshiniya said.

"So you should take this opportunity to practice some reserve spells," she added.

Zhao Xu nodded slightly when he heard this: "That makes sense. I'll go back then."

Zhao Xu already knew what Anshiniya was referring to.

"Oh, right," Anshiniya said suddenly, as if she had just remembered something.

"That half-face actually has a piece of the fragment of the God's will that everyone has been searching for."

At this point, Zhao Xu quickly cancelled the "Higher Teleportation" spell that had been simulated, narrowly avoiding a spell accident.

One day, he would have to cure Anshiniya's habit of talking only half the truth.

Anshiniya stood up, slightly adjusting her wind-resistance cloak: "And there's still a piece of the fragment of the God's will there."
"That's one of the few shortcuts to becoming a god that's available right now."