
Chapter 254: Descending from Heaven

When Zhao Xu woke up again the next day, he felt a sense of dizziness all over his body. He even found it difficult to open his eyes, and his entire body felt as if it had been drained of all energy, like he had just finished a long run. This was not the first time he had experienced this feeling; the last time was when he used the "Holy Super Magic" to unleash his potential and exhausted his body.

After that, he noticed that he had a subtle sense of inspiration when doing things, as if he had received a glimpse of inspiration. This time, however, Zhao Xu was infected by the deep abyssal power.

Although Lacris and he confirmed that there was no problem, the abyssal power had been filtered through numerous layers. However, Zhao Xu's physical body was still exhausted.

As time passed, Zhao Xu discovered that he seemed to have been reborn. Some subtle experiences that he had never noticed before became clear to him. It was as if he had received additional assistance from the system.

Zhao Xu took a few deep breaths to regulate his mental state and physical condition. He knew he was hungry.

Zhao Xu directly reached out to the storage bag on the edge of his bedside table, which he had prepared after his last use. He ripped open the package and devoured the entire piece of chocolate in one go, then chewed.
Here is the translation of the text:

Slowly, he finally felt his physical strength recovering slightly.

At the same time, his phone was vibrating violently.

Zhao Xu directly pulled it out to take a look——

【Big Battle Erupts! Today, players gather to launch an attack.】
【Winter Wolf! It's really the ace card of the Mineral Association, and the frontline players are severely injured, urgently needing to defend against the cold.】
【Is it a battle of the Round Table?】
【Arrows converge to suppress the players' assault, and some high-ranking officials of the guild require the use of guerrilla tactics.】
As he looked, he realized that players who had died in Star Lake were already live-streaming their deaths online.

However, Zhao Xu didn't expect that the players had already completed their communication integration and started launching an attack by the next day at noon.

At this point, it had been less than 12 hours since he obtained the legendary "Soul Wand".

As he gazed out the window at the noon sun, Zhao Xu suddenly felt a fleeting moment of disorientation, as if he was constructing a mental model of the entire universe in his mind, then mapping it onto the plane of the ecliptic, and gradually visualizing the model in his mind.

Zhao Xu's head jerked suddenly.

Because he had touched the high-level power of Arthur, such as potential points and divine energy.

This caused him to resonate with the power and then reverse-increase his own physical quality, or his body began to move towards Arthur's 22 intelligence.

Since falling into a coma, Zhao Xu had deliberately read relevant books, and he was certain of one thing: he couldn't obtain any magic on a non-magical planet like Earth.

Unless he could become a legendary mage within a year and then reverse-travel back to Earth.

In that instant, his original body and the projection that had crossed over would merge, granting him the ability to cast spells.

However, he was utterly impossible to become a legendary mage within a year.
Even the goddess of magic can't achieve this level of accomplishment.

Zhao Xu immediately jumped off the bed and directly pulled down the book from the bookshelf, which he had passed through seven or eight times before. He directly reached the last article and took a moment to compose himself, and the dry theoretical formula "Fourier Series" in the book suddenly formed a vivid sine wave pattern in his mind. At the same time, he suddenly connected the Laplace transform and Z-transform he had learned later.

This "intelligence" that didn't belong to him made Zhao Xu drop the book on the ground with a start. It turned out that his attributes had started to synchronize. At least, his logical thinking and argumentative abilities had begun to manifest.

As Zhao Xu looked at the row of textbooks on the bookshelf, his eyes flashed with increasingly intense light. But what he was thinking was already the structure of Merlin's magic.

"...We must rush into the town before nightfall, everyone, don't give up!" a bearded warrior yelled, his back to the sound of his seven or eight comrades lying on the ground, exhausted. After a series of intense battles, they had exhausted most of their strength, and even breathing heavily could feel the burning sensation in their lungs.

As far as the eye could see, on the plain near the Star Lake, thousands of battles were unfolding. The dull sound of steel guns crashing into wooden shields. The whirring sound of flying axes. The snapping sound of composite short bows being repeatedly drawn and released.

These sounds echoed over the land that had already been plowed. "Get up, our team is going to charge first," a wild-haired barbarian roared, but his entire body was pale and exhausted, clearly having just finished a wild frenzy.
Here is the translation of the text:

His teammates were forced to advance with shields held high, trying to avoid the arrows that kept falling from the sky. One of them, a half-human, half-beast, grumbled, "It's too difficult, Old Master, look at the density of the arrow rain ahead. And I don't know how many fire arrows and flamethrowers they have. Just now, Little Ai was directly burned to death."

As he spoke, his voice was choked with sobs, as if he had been killed by a monster. Even though it was just a game, everyone felt the cruelty of war.

"Let's go, we'll all increase our performance this month," the wild man shouted, pulling out his trump card.

The first to charge forward was too important, he needed this, and countless guilds and studios needed this.

"Ah——"

Suddenly, a sharp cry echoed from the woman who was on high alert.

"Don't do that again——" the wild man scolded his subordinates, but it was too late.

He looked back in surprise.

He saw a large, burning fireball, about the size of a fist, flying towards him.

Just as the wild man, who had just witnessed the gruesome fate of the neighboring team, was about to shout "Flash!" to dodge, the fireball suddenly swooped down, hitting his body.

The flames, with extremely high temperatures, burst forth, spreading like a gasoline-soaked fire. Even the wild man's body, with no chance to resist, was burned to ashes.

As the explosion echoed, the other personnel in the studio were also knocked down by the fireball explosion.
The screams of terror lasted only a second before ceasing. The body of the fire-wielder sank into the scorched earth. The fireball spell, which had been dispersing death, was now hovering above the ground, moving erratically. The players knew that the opponent possessed the "fireball" spell, but they were unable to dodge and could only hope that the spell would not fall on their heads.

Even more terrifying was that in the center of the battlefield, the "Shark" team, which had been formed by the Winter City, was surrounded by a pack of wolves. Without hesitation, the wolves with shining fur charged towards the lone wizard who had fallen behind.

The wizard had just released a rare oil-based spell and was taken down by the first wolf. However, he was unable to withstand the attacks of the five or six wolves that followed, which bit and clawed at him. The wizard suffered a severe frostbite and fell to the ground.

Fortunately, the wizard was lucky and managed to escape. The other three wolves then attacked the "Shark" team, and the wolf's frost breath shot out, covering an area of about five or six meters.

The breath of the level 5 wolf was not as powerful as the fireball spell, but the combined breath of the three wolves was enough to kill half of the "Shark" team. Almost no one could survive the combined might of the two fireballs.

After eliminating the group of players who were considered to be exceptional in the Winter City, the wolves continued to charge towards another group of players who were still standing.
Here is the translation of the text:

As they saw this, the players standing around them also began to panic, desperately trying to flee and get away from the winter wolves.

"Feng Ge, let's withdraw and protect you," Zhang Qi grasped his broken sword and looked at the heavy-armed cavalry in front of him.

The opponent, clad in a black and dark armor, was equipped with a long lance, and charged forward with a group of cavalry. No one could withstand their attack.

"This wave is definitely not going in today. We need to retreat first," Du Nian was exhausted and could only lean on his weapon, barely standing.

The formation that the players had painstakingly assembled was repeatedly broken by these cavalry, gradually becoming like a group of refugees.

Feng Ge, who had just been rescued from the brink of death, stood next to Cui Lu. Her magical energy was exhausted, and she could only watch as her life force continued to dwindle to the limit.

The guards of Starfall Town surrounded them, numbering over a dozen people, and after several waves of attacks, more than half of them were unfamiliar to Cui Lu.

But in this besieged situation, everyone could only rely on each other.

"It's impossible to escape," Cui Lu looked at the last escape route, which was now blocked by the guards, knowing they were surrounded.

"Charge!" Cui Lu suddenly hung her longbow on her back, pulled out a fine sword, and gazed intensely at the front.

"Resistance never comes without bloodshed," Cui Lu slowly moved forward, preparing to lead the charge and try to break through a gap for the people behind her to escape.

At this moment, the heavy cavalry also noticed Cui Lu's group's fatigue and had the lead rider tighten the reins of his heavy warhorse, holding a sharp lance and charging towards Cui Lu's group.

A formation of over ten sharp and cold lances came at them, like a mountain range unfolding.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Charge!" Cui Lu also puckered up her lips, and charged forward with her sword drawn.

Although the cold glare of the long gun made people's hearts tremble, looking at Cui Lu, a delicate and charming female hunter, abandon her bow and arrow and take the lead in charging forward, with a group of players behind her biting their teeth and holding on to their broken weapons, charging towards the front.

It was like a moth diving into fire.

However, the formation of the long gun did not slow down, or rather, it was the most welcome thing for these heavy cavalrymen.

The players behind Cui Lu might not be good at speaking.

But Cui Lu, who led the charge, and the one following closely behind, Zhang Qi, would certainly fall at the moment the long gun touched them.

The gun is forever longer than the sword.

At the distance where Cui Lu's strange monster's gun tips were, the sharp and cold light had already become unbearable, and Cui Lu closed her eyes, quietly waiting for her own death.

A loud "bang" sound.

Death did not immediately follow.

Cui Lu could not help but open her eyes.

A wizard standing in front of her, dressed in a robe and wielding a giant scythe, was hovering in mid-air, his legs not touching the ground. In front of him, the heavy cavalrymen were lying on the ground, all having lost their lives.

From the horses to the riders, they were all cut down with one stroke.

The noon sun shone directly on the wizard's cloak, reflecting the starlight on the cloak.

"From heaven above!" the players behind her exclaimed in an unbelievable voice.