
Here is the translation:

Chapter 275: Undead Being

Zhao Xu gazed at the scene before him and didn't even think twice before casting the "Undead Veil" spell.

As a white glow enveloped him, Zhao Xu's face turned pale, only to return to its normal rosy complexion shortly afterwards. However, this time, he had already donned a new "outer shell" as an undead being.

To Zhao Xu, he had become one of them.

As he looked ahead, he saw a nearly two-meter-tall, pale figure floating in mid-air, its appearance unlike that of a yin spirit or bound spirit.

"It's a 'yin shadow'," Lacis exclaimed.

"I'll get to brush up on all these undead beings because of this god of death's half-face," Zhao Xu joked.

Although he wasn't clear about what was ahead, his instant intuition told him to release the spell and transform himself into the same undead being.

"A yin shadow is a mid-grade, intermediate-level undead being," Lacis continued to explain. "Intermediate-level undead beings are similar to the 'yin souls' you encountered before. However, yin shadows specifically refer to the undead beings like the one in front of you. Yin souls, on the other hand, are templates for any being that dies with a grudge and has its soul invaded by negative energy. Yin shadows are more like skeletons, zombies, and flesh-eating ghosts - definite undead beings."

Lacis went on to explain, "Yin shadows possess the supernatural ability to generate derivatives. Once a human being is killed by an opponent, it will become a similar yin shadow."
Zhao Xu looked at the shadow in front of him and thought to himself that these creatures were similar to the "Fearful Spirit Binders" he had encountered before. If they were killed by the other party, they would become the other party's "manifestation" and become a new "spirit binder." However, these "shadows" and "spirit binders" are all the same type of data panel and will not inherit the power they had in their lifetime, so they will not have an unpredictable upper limit like "spirits." This ability to create manifestations is also a troublesome aspect of these undead creatures. Like the "Blood Oath" cast by Zhao Xu before using the "Family Command Technique," once the subject dies, they will become undead creatures. The effect is equivalent to the "Raise Dead" spell of the Sixth Circle, which can summon ghouls (level 11-), wraiths (level 12-14), mummies (level 15-17), and liches (level 18+) according to the caster's level. Zhao Xu's caster level corresponds to the challenge level 8 "lich." It also has the ability to create manifestations, so if the situation continues to develop, the castle will become a paradise for liches. As Zhao Xu looked at the "shadow" standing at the end of the corridor in front of him, he judged the situation on the scene. "Does this shadow cause strength or constitution damage?" Zhao Xu asked. With the assistance of Lax, he didn't need to use his own knowledge and skills to search. "It causes 1-6 (1D6) points of strength damage, and the prerequisite for becoming a shadow manifestation is to be damaged by the opponent's strength attribute until it reaches zero," Lax said. At this point, Zhao Xu looked at his character card with only 8 strength and couldn't help but shake his head, but fortunately, he had already disguised himself as an undead creature. "How about intelligence?" Zhao Xu continued to ask.
"The level 3 'Shadow' and level 8 'Advanced Shadow' challenges both have around 6 intelligence. The 'Advanced Shadow' has a strength damage of 1-8 points, and in addition to various improved conditions, such as increasing life from 19HP to 58HP, the Advanced Shadow also has certain tactics."

Hearing Zhao Xu's intention to take action, Laxi immediately relayed all the information she knew.

Zhao Xu reconsidered, realizing that without magical item support, he couldn't really make any waves.

When he had just entered, Laxi had been hiding in his bones, so she had avoided the effects of the "Mage Disintegration" spell.

Just like before when he could erect a stone wall to block the "Mage Disintegration" spell cast by the great mage Frank in the Starfall Town treasury.

The nine-circle "Instant Sanctuary" and the six-circle "Gem Jump" spells that Zhao Xu had previously simulated for himself using the Book of Ten Thousand Laws were set to trigger conditions to transport him to another location, because they were directed at himself.

Therefore, the power of the spells was stored within him.

Naturally, when he entered, he was immediately dispelled by the "Mage Disintegration" spell. Zhao Xu didn't really mind, as he could easily replenish these later on.

The nine-circle "Escape" spell, which would shatter the gem and transport him back home, was able to survive because the power of the spell was stored in the "gem".

However, in this half-plane, all spell effects of casters level 5 and above were suppressed, so even if Zhao Xu had brought it in with him, it would have been useless. He had also entrusted it to Antinoya.

Thinking about this, Zhao Xu furrowed his brow deeply.

The half-plane of this death god had been taken over by the "artificial death god", giving them control over the plane. This corner of the world had essentially been handed over to the other party's control, and had naturally been influenced by the "magic web" of the plane's properties.
Here is the translation of the text:

It's also because the Mage Association doesn't dare to exploit loopholes, reducing some low-level magic items to a capsule and having them swallow it to bring it into their mouth. It's too sudden, and it will only be targeted on this half-plane.

At this time, Zhao Xu thought clearly and put aside his attacking thoughts, directly walking towards the corridor in front of him.

His "Immortal Shroud" may last for 10 minutes per level, but it can only last for 50 minutes in total. However, it's unlikely to be of much use here, so he needs to hurry.

On one hand, he needs to rescue people to prevent Wang Qingwei and Eisviki from falling here.

On the other hand, he also wants to see the legendary "Death God Fragment".

After Zhao Xu accepted the deep-seated influence of the abyssal god, his intelligence synchronized with the game data.

This also made him look forward to synchronizing his abilities when he touched the true power of the Death God.

As Zhao Xu's footsteps approached, the situation at the front of the road became clearer.

There was no blockage at the front, but a fork in the road, where he could go left or right.

"This is too many undead creatures," Lakshi exclaimed, unable to help herself.

Even Zhao Xu's inner turmoil resonated with Lakshi's words.

Just within his line of sight, he could see that the two corners of the fork in the road were packed with densely packed, uncountable shadowy figures.

They floated in mid-air, appearing as if they were being hanged, exuding an eerie sense of fear.

Among the shadowy figures, some looked more solid and emitted stronger negative energy waves, which might be high-level shadowy figures. They were the only ones moving actively in the scene, scanning the area with eyes glowing red.

This number of shadowy figures meant that if two of them attacked Zhao Xu at the same time, he would likely turn into a derivative on the spot.
At this point, Zhao Xu's originally confident "fireball technique" has disappeared without a trace. Here, there are over a hundred shadowy figures, and his fireball technique only has a 50% chance of killing the opponent. However, these higher-level shadowy figures exceed the current limit of his spell damage. He had to pretend to be like a zombie, limping step by step, looking for gaps among these shadowy figures to pass through.

For Zhao Xu, this game, Arthur, instantly turned into a solo horror challenge. When he squeezed past two shadowy figures, they were all flying in mid-air, and Zhao Xu's height only reached their leg position. But the shadows themselves were elusive and slightly moving, accompanied by a pale and eerie breath, their bodies constantly fluttering in front of him.

Several times, these images of the "ghostly" shadowy figures from the underworld came close to Zhao Xu's nose, almost making him itch and sneeze.

"Can they withstand this kind of pressure?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but feel surprised and somewhat sympathetic to the other side. And at this point, Zhao Xu also found that what he thought was the end was actually just a transition room with a huge solid pillar in the middle. After bypassing it, there was still a straight corridor several meters wide, but there was no light behind, everything was in darkness.

At this point, Zhao Xu cast the second-level spell "dark vision" on himself, which could last for a full 5 hours. But after seeing the details in front of him, he stopped in his tracks. He had originally thought that searching for the teleportation door key in the graveyard pit was disgusting enough. But now, in front of him, there were dozens of ghouls feasting on the road ahead.

"Disgusting. Master, I'll take a nap first. Call me when you get past this," Lux immediately said.
At this time, those ghouls were emitting a foul smell, as if it were the smell of a rapidly decaying body of a plague victim. 

Zhao Xu once used the "Fenbul's Winter" nine-ring spell to block the decaying condition of the bodies ahead of the "Falling Star Lake", but did not expect to face this situation again. 

Even in the underground temple, the ghouls that escaped from the kitchen that had been sealed for countless years did not emit as strong a foul smell as the hundreds of ghouls gathered together at this moment. 

[Adventurer Zhong Xia, you are affected by "foul smell" and failed to exempt, entering the "nausea" state. Your attacks, damage, exemptions, skills, and attribute checks are reduced by -2, lasting for 8 minutes (1D6+4).]

A prompt suddenly appeared, causing Zhao Xu to be on high alert immediately. He was not shocked by the negative status he was experiencing, but by the fact that the ghouls did not have this ability. 

Faced with this unknown situation, Zhao Xu tried to retreat, but he felt a colder chill behind him, he had encountered the "shadow". In this narrow space, he had no room to maneuver. 

"Master, this is the ability of the demons, they are just small-scale counterparts of the ghouls." At this moment, Laxus felt Zhao Xu's negative state and immediately woke up, reminding him. 

Hearing that this was the ability of the demons, Zhao Xu was not panicked. The unknown is the greatest fear of a wizard. Whether it's a level 1 ghoul or a level 3 demon, they may be a threat to a level 1 player, but for Zhao Xu, who is already at level 5, they are just a source of experience points.
The only thing that gave him a headache was that he had to endure the nausea and force his way through these ghouls?
Seeing the pus constantly emanating from the ghouls, Zhao Xu felt like he had eaten too much for breakfast.
As a mage, he was really lacking in class.
"Master, there's a way. If we eat a spider now, we can use the 'Spider Walk' spell and then climb along the wall without getting close to these ghouls," Laxus said with an expectant look.