
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 278: The Realm of Divinity

Zhao Xu was unable to predict the scene unfolding before him, despite having some suspicions. He was lost in thought.

"Master?" Lark asked.

"I'm thinking about whether I would have a chance of winning if I were still in sync," Zhao Xu said, sharing his calculations.

"What do you think, Master?" Lark asked.

Zhao Xu shook his head, "Not a single chance."

As a synced-up being, he only temporarily possessed the Nine-Ring Magic, but lacked the progress and expertise, and was severely restricted.

"Hehe, Master, we can't afford to die at this time," Lark said with a smile.

"The existence of the demonic gods is itself an error. They are the souls that have been cut short. On one hand, they possess powers similar to those of the gods. On the other hand, they derive their strength from their pure hatred towards the gods."

"The birth of the demonic gods is accompanied by pain and distortion. They come in various forms, all of which are terrifying and cursed by both heaven and hell. Generally speaking, the demonic gods are sealed from birth, and what we see now are those that have been released or broken free due to the passage of time."

Although the "Witherer" demonic god was a large being, it was surrounded by a large number of other immortal beings. Zhao Xu was unable to clearly see the situation.

"So, it's fortunate to be a god's child, but unfortunate to be a demonic god?" Zhao Xu was fascinated by these secrets related to the gods for the first time.

Even in the book about gods and demigods, the "demonic gods" were only mentioned briefly, and many times referred to as an error of the gods.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Well, this isn't entirely accurate. But you should remember that each of the divine beings is accompanied by disasters and suffering, and they are all immortal beings with divine nature, always being killed. At this moment, Lirix directly generated an image of the opponent in his mind.

Zhao Xu suddenly felt that he could see the unclear image with his original vision, almost making a sound. The divine being "Witherer" looked like a deformed and incomplete placenta, and Zhao Xu could see the undead features on top. The opponent had a wet and swollen body, with empty and terrifying eyes, and a mouth that constantly produced disgusting saliva. The Witherer's arms were long and ended with sharp claws, while its two decaying legs responded to its name.

"This is too disgusting, Lirix cut it off," Zhao Xu said, furrowing his brow.

It was clearly a horror movie-like appearance.

At this moment, the "Amber Coffin" hovering in the air had been pulled by Night Shadow to the "Sleeping Land" above, with a group of undead flying creatures following behind, densely packed.

"Is it to say that the divine beings' terror is beyond our imagination?" Zhao Xu asked.

"Not wrong, master, it's mainly that the divine beings' data panels look like legendary monsters, such as the legendary giant with 57 levels of challenge, and the monster card, which you won't feel empty after reaching level 17."

"But they themselves have an 'original template' that is beyond description and unpredictable, just like the 'transformation' of gods, which can unleash unmatched abilities. As I know, Arthur's divine template is usually attached to a 20-level priest's abilities. Therefore, each strength is not inferior to that of the Heavenly God Servant." Lirix said.

Zhao Xu also frowned.
Here is the translation of the text:

Arthur's divine power is because he has 20th-level priest ability in himself. The giant dragon tribe is also powerful because its life dice are raised, and it also has a sorcerer level. For example, the ancient golden dragon Kampas, which Zhao Xu once encountered, is considered a 19th-level sorcerer by itself. At this moment, Zhao Xu is looking at the 24 winged night shadows, each with a challenge level of 14, which are fixed by chains around the stone coffin. Even if he could bring all his equipment, it would be difficult for him to face them. He said, "So, Lark, our target should originally be based on rescuing people and steel-willed expertise."

The undead creatures scattered across the sky are simply too difficult. "Hehe, I'm just reminding you, Master, that the demon child himself hates the gods, and he is still able to remain calm and protect the divine fragments. It has its own unusual meaning."

At this moment, all the undead creatures in the "Sleeping Land" are bowing to the amber crown in the sky, including the highest-ranking ghost dragons and even the witches with spellcasting abilities. Not to mention the group of corpse-eating ghosts closest to Zhao Xu, who, when the amber coffin appeared from the sky, all knelt down in place, trembling with fear.

This is due to the divine power of the god of death, who naturally has a great suppressive effect on undead creatures. This is also the source of the "rejection of undead creatures" ability possessed by the evil priest.

"Now, is this 'Amber Coffin' being taken out to stabilize the divine power?" Zhao Xu asked.

"Wow, Master, your intuition is right again," Lark said with a sigh.
Here is the translation of the text:

Lysander, there's no such intuition. These undead creatures wouldn't just casually stroll around with a coffin, let alone intentionally do so. Oh, they don't need to eat. There must be a reason for this coffin to venture out on a mid-air adventure, but the faith provided by the undead is quite weak, I recall.

Zhao Xu ignored the flattery and said, "Well, it's still possible to stabilize the fragments of the divine."

In reality, the undead have immunized themselves against a multitude of negative effects, from intimidation to paralysis, and they don't need to eat, sleep, or breathe, making them a completely self-sufficient template.

Therefore, many mages have sought eternal life, but lacking a low-cost channel, they have resolutely chosen to become "lich lords".

These lich lords are also one of the undead that pose the greatest threat to Zhao Xu in the lower city.

Mages' enemies are often another mage.

"Master, there's still hope. I can transform into an artifact, and maybe I can snatch some energy from the divine fragments."

Lysander sighed as he gazed at the "Cobalt Coffin".

At this moment, it's possible that they will have their closest opportunity to approach the divine in the next decade.

The Mage Association and the gods' will have not yet intervened, and even the plan is to permanently seal this half-plane and set it aside until a future opportunity arises.

"It won't happen now," Zhao Xu thought, as the large team was still suspended in mid-air, and he didn't know where the opponent would go from here.

"It's likely that they will escort this 'Cobalt Coffin' to the God of Death's temple in the lower city," Lysander said.

"Wang Congwei and Eiswich may also be hidden in some building in the lower city."

"After the two planes merge, many things are expected to change," Lysander judged based on his own experience.

"What about my 'Iron Will' specialty?" Zhao Xu was astonished.
Here is the translation of the text:

Just a moment ago, he had to force himself to climb over this narrow path, and he could still say that it was some kind of training. However, now that the two planes have merged, the original trial gates have become nothing but empty words. Has he lost the opportunity to obtain the "iron will" as a result?

Especially since he has felt the expertise provided by the "truth fragments of magic" and is about to gain a large number of super magic expertise at level 6.

Even if he is given 10 expertise slots, he can arrange them clearly. However, the actual situation is cruel. He can only gain expertise slots every 3 levels, from level 6 to level 18, which is only 5 levels. Other expertise slots can only be obtained through job advancement, just like how mages can only gain one super magic expertise every 5 levels.

"Yeah, actually, the expertise will be automatically obtained when the owner leaves this half-plane. This is also one of the reasons why the association let you in," Lark said.

"Because the nature of the plane has changed?"

"Yeah, no matter what, it's probably that the owner, you, Wáng Jìng Wēi, and Eisvich, are the last three people in this world to obtain the 'iron will' through the power of the plane. As long as you can survive and leave the half-plane, the will of the half-plane will inject all the remaining expertise into you," Lark said.

"No, it's not that."

Suddenly, Zhào Xù's face changed.

"In reality, we started entering the plane, and we should have become the target of the 'artificial death god'. Why did we receive the gift of the plane's will then?"

"The association originally allowed me to enter under the condition that I possessed special abilities. However, in the end, they didn't give me any special abilities."
Here is the translation of the text to English:

"'This way, either Wang Qingwei and Eisviel are more important to me than I am, and I'm willing to sacrifice myself to give them a chance to survive, but Anshinoja's instructor also trusts me enough to let me in, which negates this possibility.'

'Another possibility is that the association actually has the capability to let me succeed, so I might as well get this "special gift".'

Zhao Xu analyzed the words letter by letter.

He also noticed that Lark had revealed some things to him, not hiding everything, but choosing to reveal them to him selectively.

"'Lark, can you tell me the truth?' Zhao Xu said.

Suddenly, Lark sighed in his mind, 'Master, when did you start suspecting this?'

She knew that Zhao Xu was not suspicious because he had heard that he could definitely get the special gift after all, but because her words had triggered a chain reaction of guesses in the other person.

"'From the moment we entered that stone door, we need to break the curse,' Zhao Xu said.

'May I not know much about it, but there are three modern encryption methods mentioned, and none have been applied. This means that the encryption was not set by the association's high-ranking wizards.'

The civilization of magic had accumulated over thousands of years, and most wizards were busy repairing and even building their own mini-buildings within the main building.

Lark introduced him to 23 theories of curse encryption, conveniently skipping the three modern additions.

Lark sighed again, 'Master, because this involves the association's shameful past, they haven't told you.'"

Please note that I will not repeat the same answer multiple times and will not use emojis in my response.
Here is the translation:

"This half-face of the 'Flesh-eating Beast Mine' is where the god of death, Naglfar, once suffered 'torture' and was a place of 'divine punishment'. The latter half, however, is where Naglfar completed his revenge and slaughter, so this place is also a 'place of becoming a god'."

【Adventurer Zhongxia, you have heard the 'secret of the gods' and are affected by the phenomenon of ear numbness for 3 rounds.】