
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 288: Roadblock Witch

Even without looking in the mirror, Zhao Xu knew that the process of casting the spell was very strange. This is a characteristic of the Death School, one of the eight great schools of magic.

Zhao Xu had just finished casting the three-ring spell "Mausoleum Crown", which is a basic-level spell that can last for a full 5 hours. During this time, he can use the "Crown" to cast the one-ring spell "Command" once every minute.

The one-ring spell "Command" is originally intended for living beings, allowing the caster to give simple commands such as "come", "drop", "fall", "run", and "stop" to the target within a one-turn time frame. Zhao Xu can also use his "Dispel Undead" ability to consume dispel counts to increase the difficulty of the spell's evasion. Additionally, he can interrupt this spell at any time to exchange it for an increase in his own "Dispel Undead" ability.

In the past, Zhao Xu didn't use many spells from the Death School, but now that he has a legendary "Death School Staff" in his hand, he can't avoid using them. At this point, Zhao Xu has acquired the ability to simply command external spirits, as long as the target has not passed the evasion and resistance. The evasion and resistance of the spell are the same thing. Even if Zhao Xu is facing a legendary existence, as long as the target has not passed the evasion and resistance, he will still be controlled by the one-ring "Command" spell.
Here is the translation of the text:

This is also one of the reasons why a mage needs to set multiple layers of defense in the later stages.

After completing this spell, Zhao Xü, wearing the white bone crown, looked somewhat gloomy, but he didn't seem to care and directly went back to the second floor.

Next, he needed to find "Wang Qingwei" and "Esveik".

Neither the "Biological Location Technique" of the four rings nor the "Sense of Position" of the eight rings was something Zhao Xü could currently master.

However, Zhao Xü had previously used the "Item Location Technique" to search for the teleportation key at the Graveyard of Corpses.

He didn't necessarily need to find people; he could also use the two-ring "Item Location Technique" to search for the items carried by Wang Qingwei and Esveik that he had touched.

The only drawback was that the "Biological Location Technique" could affect the entire domain, but the "Item Location Technique" had a limited range.

With Zhao Xü as the center, the radius was approximately 120 meters, and each level expanded by 12 meters.

Therefore, he could ultimately locate items within a range of 180 meters in diameter, covering an area of nearly 140,000 square meters, equivalent to over a thousand three-bedroom apartments, covering numerous football fields.

However, this was still not enough for the entire "Land of the Sleepers".

So Zhao Xü gazed out towards the city center's clock tower, where the highest point offered a panoramic view of the entire city.

From there, he could use the "Path of Dance" spell to determine the direction and specific state of Wang Qingwei and Esveik.

The broad view from the clock tower was also a requirement for this spell.

By combining this with the "Item Location Technique", he could basically be 100% certain of their location.
Here is the translation of the text:

So, he was essentially using two-dimensional magic to achieve the effect of the "Biological Location" spell within a city's boundaries, forcing it to work.

When Zhao Xu saw the "Casket of Amber" floating in the sky that day, he knew he needed the help of Wang Qingwei and Aisvi.

The opponent had been in this half-step state for a while, and all the information he had experienced during that time was what he needed to know. Even the things he saw after death were all experiences he needed to reference.

Not to mention the opponent's intelligence, which was equivalent to an extraordinary existence.

For him, the "Master of the Dead" had an extraordinary ability combined with the transformation artifact of Lark, which meant he only had one desperate chance. Therefore, his entire plan had to be complete.

At this time, the external fluctuations gradually subsided, and the undead creatures that had been frantic and restless began to walk calmly, no longer fleeing wildly as before.

"Lark, what is the number of the tower in the city?" Zhao Xu asked.

"There is no number. Generally, buildings that are not low-level threats do not have a number. This city is estimated to have over 10% of such buildings," Lark said.

Zhao Xu nodded and then jumped down to the second-floor balcony.

Originally, he thought that every building in this city was a safe haven where one could escape and hide from danger. Now, he realized that at least 90% of the buildings were actually cursed.

Especially the "Middle" and "High" level houses, which were even more so.

Antea City was composed of various "Haunted Houses" of Arthur, but the city's street layout was still relatively clear.

After entering the city, Zhao Xu found that the number of skeletons and zombies on the streets had increased significantly.
Here is the translation of the text:

Those skeletons are as large as the armor fragments worn on their bodies when they were killed, and they mostly follow the last command they received, patrolling the streets where they are stationed. In reality, the "command art" is a type of "coercive" magic that can be immune to the characteristics of undead beings, just like the "murmurs" of the "vengeful souls" can induce a hypnotic state. However, Zhao Xu's "Crown of the Grave" can overcome this immunity by using sacred energy to compel others to act. Although Zhao Xu has the characteristics of an undead being, he will still be attacked by the skeletons if he dares to invade some guarded areas. At that time, he will need to use his "Crown of the Grave" to drive the undead beings.

On the street, Zhao Xu also encountered various types of skeletons. In addition to human skeletons, he even saw a giant cloud giant skeleton, which was squatting in front of a house, its head glowing with red light, while holding a massive axe in its hand. However, the giant cloud giant was at least an 11th-level challenge rating as a monster, but after its death, its challenge rating dropped to 7th level.

The challenge rating of a skeleton is determined by its life dice, and the life dice brought by profession will be lost. Even a legendary warrior who becomes a skeleton will be a 1HD skeleton. The giant cloud skeleton that Zhao Xu encountered had 17 HD life dice, so its challenge rating was 7th level, while a 20HD skeleton could only have a challenge rating of 8th level. Skeleton dragons, with a maximum of 19 HD, exist, but those with higher life dice, such as 22 HD, cannot be transformed into skeletons.
Here is the translation:

However, Zhao Xu had enhanced his "religious knowledge" and also searched for another species he had seen before, the "bone dragon".

As a template similar to "skeleton", the "bone dragon" template can only be applied to dragons, even after the ancient dragon's death, it can transform into a "bone dragon". The challenge rating of the bone dragon is half of that of a living dragon.

For example, a young red dragon with a challenge rating of 10 levels, as a skeleton template, it would calculate to 8 levels of life dice, but as a bone dragon template, it would only be 5 levels.

At this time, Zhao Xu was walking on the street, constantly identifying various skeletal creatures, such as Chimeras, two-headed giants, and giant demons.

Although they had different shapes and sizes, they all basically retained the skeletal structure of the original species.

At this time, Zhao Xu was also calculating his undead legion.

As Zhao Xu himself had a death magic staff, he could temporarily play the role of a qualified "death mage".

Even when he reached level 6 and had the "Control of the Dead" spell, which was a three-ring divine magic, he could transform corpses into skeletons.

However, the number of HD created by the spell cannot exceed twice the caster's level.

With Zhao Xu's strength, he could actually collect a 10 HD two-headed giant corpse and use the "Control of the Dead" spell to transform it into a two-headed giant skeleton, which would also obey him.

However, even if the death mage is strong, the total HD of the undead creatures controlled by magic cannot exceed four times the caster's level.

Therefore, when Zhao Xu reached level 5, he could only control a single 10 HD skeleton warrior, with a total of 20 HD skeletons, which was a maximum of 20 level 1 HD skeletons.
Here is the translation of the text:

Originally, the "rebuke and command not to die" ability controlled by the pastor was not limited by the 4-fold spell level restriction. However, Zhao Xu was a benevolent pastor, and he could only destroy those that couldn't be commanded. Even he, as a benevolent pastor, could not cast a spell with evil elements like "controlling the undead." It was only thanks to the "Archivist" that he could bypass this restriction.

However, Zhao Xu really wanted to become a master of death magic, and ultimately had to rely on his legendary "Staff of Death Magic." This staff, which the nine-ring mage regarded as a precious treasure, had its exceptional qualities.

The six-ring "Death Array" and "Summoning Higher Undead" spells attached to the staff were both able to create undead creatures. When cast, they would be considered 27th-level spells, allowing Zhao Xu to control an entire legion of 108 HD undead creatures. Even young skeletal dragons could be led by him.

As Zhao Xu was thinking about his future undead army plans while advancing towards the clock tower, a skeletal creature with a body tightly wrapped around its bones suddenly floated past him.

Its eye sockets were empty, and its eyeballs had long since decayed and disappeared, replaced by an internal glow resembling a needle-like red light. The deep purple robe it wore was already torn and tattered, resembling a patchwork of fragments stuck to its body.

【Adventurer Zhongxia, due to the undead's properties, you are immune to "fear aura."】

However, Zhao Xu didn't show any joy or excitement upon seeing this spectacle, and he continued to walk normally while constantly thinking of countermeasures in his mind.

This was because he was facing a "Warlock"!
The first prerequisite for becoming a Warlock is to be a 11th-level mage or pastor or above.
Here is the translation:

It was then that he encountered a spellcaster who could cast six-ring magic. If the opponent had prepared an "Invalidation Boundary" spell, his three-ring spells would be useless.

Zhao Xu had no idea that outside the town, he would encounter the deadliest undead creatures in the town that posed the greatest danger to him.

However, he remained calm and composed, acting as if nothing was out of the ordinary, waiting for the warlock to float away from him before continuing to walk forward.

"Wait a minute, what kind of undead creature are you? I can't tell from looking at you?"
Suddenly, the warlock halted Zhao Xu, its hoarse and cold voice echoing in Zhao Xu's ear.