
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 293: The Tower of the Mage

The next day, Zhao Xu's entire demeanor had changed, and he had become somewhat unaccustomed. From the beginning, he had been given the task of "Guarding Newbie Mages from Bandits," but he had encountered Andy, a man named Andy, who had unexpectedly sacrificed his friend to the devil, causing him to change his mission to "Exploring the Temple of the Dead God."

After exploring the temple, he entered the "Steel Will" quest and descended into the underground tunnel. To find the passage to the "Carnivorous Beast Cave," he inadvertently intervened in the "Battle of the Fallen Star" and then returned to the "Land of the Sleeping God" quest.

Throughout the process, he encountered opponents such as the "Deep Furnace Demon," the "Corrupt Giant," the "Nine-Ringed Mage," and others, far exceeding his current level.

Although Zhao Xu relied heavily on external forces rather than his own professional abilities, he had made significant progress in his own understanding through this training.

After parting ways with Anzhiya in the floating city, he returned directly to the surface of "Mistral."

He had previously simulated "Instant Spell" and "Spell Endurance" using "Potential Points."

Therefore, after acquiring his specialization position, he spent half a day in the floating city and successfully mastered these two specializations.

At this moment, his specialization list had changed to:

* Familiarity with Magic (Defect 1)
* Premonition (Defect 2)
* Combat Spellcasting (Level 1)
* Item Taming (Level 3)
* Multi-Talented Spellcaster (Human)
* Instant Spell (5th-level Mage Overlord)
* Spell Endurance (Steel Will Replacement)
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhou Xu finally felt a sense of achievement and confidence, like many intermediate players who usually have only one or two specialties. He was wearing his ordinary robe and the "Stellar Cloak" he had retrieved, and held the 17 million gold "High-Grade Instant Magic Staff" about a meter long. He was holding the metal staff, which could serve as a wooden stick or a lightweight hammer, and had the "Eternal Magic Staff of Fireballs" and the "Legendary Staff of the Dead" strapped to his waist. Zhou Xu looked like a very powerful mage. Even on the streets of Mistral, ordinary adventurers dared not get too close to him.

Fear of mages is an innate instinct for the people of Mistral.

In particular, the "Instant Magic Staff" that could be used three to nine times a day was incredibly luxurious, while the Legendary Staff of the Dead, which was actually a combination of bones, looked somewhat unimpressive.

Yesterday, Lakshmi woke up for a while, and Zhou Xu and she exchanged a few minutes of conversation.

For him, the "God's Seal of Death" was currently the most important thing, as it could recharge his "Staff of the Dead". The Legendary Staff of the Dead was also the greatest advantage of his future adventure career.

According to Lakshmi, the staff could recover a significant amount of energy every day. Zhou Xu did not waste any energy, and could recover half of the staff's energy within a week.

The fragments of the God's Seal were equivalent to a "prayer" that could only replenish the staff's energy in a specific direction. The remaining uses would have to wait until his level was raised and Lakshmi continued to integrate with the fragments to unlock their true potential.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xun did not aimlessly roam the streets of Mistle and directly headed to the joint institution "Rose Cross" between the Mage Association and the Goddess Church.

The location of "Rose Cross" itself was also situated within the "Holy Heart Cathedral" of the Goddess.

After Zhao Xun revealed his identity, he quickly came into contact with the remnants left behind by Andy's ancestor.

The first notebook pointed to Andy's ancestor, who was a member of the Yasa family, one of the seven-person team that had previously explored the ancient tomb.

The remnants Zhao Xun saw were mostly ancient stone pillars and bronze statues with peculiar shapes, but the number was not large, and many had disappeared over the course of eight centuries.

Even with the "Mechanical Visionary Glasses" on, Zhao Xun saw nothing special.

The ancestor of the Yasa family, who had previously explored the mysterious tomb, was also noted by the organization, and they had collected data on the personnel who had participated in that expedition.

With the backing of the organization, Zhao Xun was able to obtain the complex data that needed to be collected and organized.

As Zhao Xun looked at the list in his hand, he fell silent.

He obtained the second notebook, which also contained the spirit of the former military commander, who was a member of the Andre family. The family's power had been wiped out in a turmoil 100 years ago, leaving no descendants.

Among the seven people who had explored the ancient tomb, three had returned to "Mistle", including one from the Ero family, who had moved away from Mistle 100 years ago and settled in the "Heavenly North Alliance" north of the Heavenly Mountains.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, this time, the devilish event involving the "Yasa" family is mainly due to the bloodline factor, so the archives of the other two families are only briefly mentioned. As for the third person, the "Eroel" family, which is involved in the "notebook", it is necessary for Zhaoxu to explore it later.

After applying for a copy of the data, Zhaoxu left the "Rose Cross" base directly. Then, he flipped through the notebook in his hand, which was a task he had received from the "Aofa" association in "Ofa's Gate".

Generally, an adventure team may choose to pay a huge price and directly submit a request to the local mage association when they need a mage's assistance in an emergency.

The task Zhaoxu was holding was a request from the local player guild "Guardian" in "Mistral", which required a three-ring mage who mastered a specific spell. Zhaoxu was not particularly interested in this task, but the guild's chairman, "Frost Sword", and his sister, "Snow", had a good reputation in the public's eyes.

Zhaoxu took on this task, hoping to get to know the guild. However, he had to wait until he reached level 7 to return to the "Floating City", so he decided to take on this task in the meantime to accumulate his own experience and magical items.

After walking through four or five streets, he finally arrived at the relay station, which was also the meeting point he had arranged with the guild through the association.

The "Guardian" guild is considered one of the top player groups in "Mistral", and at this time, there were also 2-level players among them. When they saw Zhaoxu, who was wearing a starlight-colored cloak, walking towards them, they couldn't help but narrow their eyes slightly.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Are those all magical equipment?" A female player wiping her longbow said with a sigh, especially when she looked at Zhao Xu's hand holding that expensive-looking scepter.

"It seems that the Mage Association has sent a reliable 5th-level mage over, which is well worth the compensation we paid," said "Frost Sword," the leader of the guild.

As the leader, "Frost Sword" nodded slightly, having almost depleted the entire guild's liquid assets for this task requirement published by the Mage Association.

Just then, Zhao Xu saw the team of around 30-40 people and knew that this task was unlikely to be trivial. He directly went up to the task publisher, Warrior "Frost Sword," and indicated that he was ready.

"Mage Association, Three-Ring Mage, Codename: Storm," Zhao Xu introduced himself in the traditional way, handing over the "Task Confirmation Document" as he spoke.

On the side, the Wanderer took it over and used his "Deciphering Document" skill to verify it before nodding to the guild leader that it was indeed authentic.

Meanwhile, "Sentinel" Guild Leader Frost Sword also nodded to Zhao Xu and briefly introduced the main personnel.

"Yes, let me reiterate, according to the contract signed with the Association, in the next task, regardless of what spells I cast, you are not allowed to investigate or explore my personal information. Got it?" Zhao Xu confirmed with the guild leader.

At this point, Frost Sword glanced at Zhao Xu's scepter that looked extremely luxurious, smiled, and nodded silently, indicating that he was clear about the rules.

Mages in the Association typically execute external tasks and often hide their identities, partly to avoid revealing too much personal information and being targeted.

"That's what you're here for?"

Zhao Xu and a few people from the opposing guild found a secluded corner of the inn and began to exchange information.
Due to confidentiality reasons, the Snow Sword left only a general direction of the task at the Wizards' Association. The true specific contents of the task will be discussed in person, so Zhao Xu also has another opportunity to refuse the task.

At this point, the Snow Sword's entire person became solemn, speaking in a low voice: "This starts from the person we rescued three days ago in the wilderness. We found a map on their body at the time."

"It's about the ruins of a high-level wizard's wizard tower," the Snow Sword said, with a glint in his eye, looking at Zhao Xu.