
Chapter 460 Dragon's Difficult Life
The humble white dragon, Cyrus, looked at Zhao Xu and the other two people, and the vertical pupils, which were no different from wild beasts, couldn't help but show a look of fear.
Cyrus, who had lived for three hundred years, could clearly see the expressions of the three people in front of him.
The man in the middle, wearing a robe and cloak, looked at him with the same expression as he would look at a winter wolf on the snowy plain.
It was the kind of joy as if he had seen a delicious and crispy food.
You see, combined with the perennially frozen ice and snow of the Icefield Mountains, these ingredients had a unique chilled taste in the moment of freezing and thawing.
But Cyrus was a noble member of the white dragon clan, and with his own resistance to magic, this naive young mage couldn't penetrate it.
Even if he really met a powerful mage, he probably had never seen a poor mage who couldn't even afford a large platinum coin.
To deal with this kind of person, it had also prepared a pile of fake scrolls and fake platinum coins, ready to use them as hush money.
As for the female knight in silver armor beside him, although the long sword in her hand made it feel threatened, this kind of holy warrior, who was as easy to break teeth as a tin can, it had also dealt with before.
Even if the noble Cyrus really couldn't beat this female warrior, as long as it cried and complained that it still had seven or eight dragon cubs waiting to be fed, and the village mothers were still waiting for it to come back and cook for them, the other party would definitely not have the heart to kill it.
But what really frightened it was another young woman, also wearing similar robes and cloaks.
Because this female wizard saw the noble look of Cyrus, it was not dragon meat, spell materials, nor dragon skin carpets, or white dragon skeleton soldiers.
It was air.
As if from beginning to end, Cyrus did not exist at all.
Not to mention, at that time, Cyrus, hidden in the snow, felt a sense of hatred from the woman.
Cyrus was no longer the kind of dragon who would charge mindlessly for the sake of Tiamat (the dragon god).
Cyrus was aware that there was a long life of food, wine, and beauty waiting for it as a dragon.
So when it sensed the dragon ball aura from the mysterious woman, it ran without hesitation.
It just didn't expect to be approached and blocked by these people in the end.
At this moment, after a real close encounter, Cyrus was sweating like a dragon.
Even in the cold winter, its heart was still beating rapidly, as if it were a young dragon seeing a female dragon that made it feel springtime.
But this time it wasn't hormones, it was fear.
Because it sensed that the woman had not just one dragon ball aura.
The dragon ball aura of the same type of dragon, even if carrying multiple, would not be confused.
So the one that could make Cyrus feel something was the woman in front of it, who had come into contact with and even carried seven dragon balls, no, ten dragon balls.
Or rather, a dragon ball necklace.
As it saw the smile appearing on the other's face, it felt even more terrified.
Like when it was a young dragon, a group of frost giants found their nest and staged a terrifying scene of roasting young dragons in front of it.
If its mother had not returned early, it would probably have become a dragon material consumer in the Northern Alliance.
Here is the translation of the text:

Just then, Zhao Xu paused for a moment before asking, "What were you doing crouching there just now, and why did you see us and run away?"

At this moment, the white dragon revealed a friendly smile, realizing that the novice mage in front of him might be the direction he had broken through to. He spoke with a sorrowful tone: "It's because that lady is extremely beautiful, and Serus, being a humble and dirty fellow, couldn't bear to approach her and so retreated early."

"I didn't expect to disturb a few adventurers, and I'm really sorry about that."

As he spoke, he revealed a very pitiful expression, and his claws directly pulled out a bag of currency from his chest.

Heaven knows where he kept that bag of currency, which was hidden among his pure white scales.

The mature white dragon, Serus, lay down respectfully and lightly lifted the bag with his claws, placing it in front of him. "As for the young dragon, I was shocked by the magnanimous appearance of the elders and felt reverent."

The bag of currency inside made a beautiful sound of congestion and collision.

Zhao Xu was also surprised that he received a bag of money from a white dragon one day.

He was able to so accurately detect their murderous intent that he didn't dare to fight and knelt down to beg for mercy.

As he looked at the bag of currency that could be grasped, Zhao Xu guessed that even if it contained a platinum coin worth tens of thousands of gold coins, it would be no more than several dozen. It was too cheap to buy a mature white dragon's life.

However, the white dragon looked like he was in great pain, and his leg muscles were not cut off to this extent.

This also made Zhao Xu expect that it was possible that a bag of diamonds was really inside.

He immediately activated the "Mage's Hand" spell to open the mouth of the bag.
Here is the translation:

As the thin rope was slowly unwound, the red coins inside sparkled in the snow, and Zhao Xuzhi and the others couldn't help but burst out laughing. However, the White Dragon beside them still maintained a solemn expression, as if the item before him was worth a thousand gold.

"This is truly a genuine and authentic low-IQ White Dragon," An Niya exclaimed, her voice filled with disdain, "It's dead set on money, but not willing to give up its life."

On the snow-covered ground, there were over ten copper coins and a few pieces of poor-quality stones disguised as precious stones.

"President, let me judge this White Dragon," Vivi said, pulling out the sharp and sacred Avenger from her hand. In an instant, the cold air inside the White Dragon's body forced it to hold its breath.

"What's this? The Sacred Avenger?" the White Dragon exclaimed, its voice trembling with fear.

Seirus, the White Dragon, suddenly recalled that his mother had told him that his father, a White Dragon who had not lived to old age, had died under the "Sacred Avenger" wielded by a Saint Warrior.

As he thought back to the Saint Warrior he had encountered, he realized that the Saint Warrior did not wear such a valuable and powerful weapon, which was worth tens of thousands of gold coins, and was even more valuable than the treasure he had accumulated in his lair.

Moreover, Saint Warriors who wielded the Sacred Avenger were mostly old and had fought many battles, and were worried that the White Dragon would be anxious about its future.

However, as soon as he thought about the value of the long sword, Seirus's mind had already calculated the Sacred Avenger in Vivi's hand as a shining diamond.

"Really, you're an unrepentant, brainless White Dragon," An Niya said coldly. "Let me take out the 'Dragon Cooking Manual' from my backpack. Today, I'll show you my skills."
Here is the translation of the text to English:

As she spoke, she levitated her hand, as if grasping nothingness, and said, "Bigby— 'Hand below!'"

Immediately, the white dragon let out a desperate cry, and its eyes began to freeze over with frost. Then, it suddenly thawed out, as if it had been crying tears of joy.

The strongest Bigby series of spells, such as the Eight-Ring Golden Fist or the Nine-Ring Crushing Palm, which are below the level of Anniya's spellcaster, would not be a difficult task for anyone to perform in front of Zhao Xu and others.

"I don't know how many adventurers can spare the petty Serus, so that it can return to its nest to care for its brood of dragon eggs,"

The white dragon, Serus, lifted its head towards the sky, allowing the snowflakes to fall on its head like a reptile, as if it was nostalgic for its nest.

"You're just talking nonsense, the white dragon in the Ice Mountain range, even young ones have some sense of responsibility. Most adults are selfish and leave their eggs to be taken care of by other dragons or even abandon them to other non-dragon species."

Zhao Xu ruthlessly exposed the nature of the parasitic dragon.

As he continued to prepare his "Frosty Touch", he suddenly released a powerful spell that left no room for error.

With this icy power, he transported the dragon meat to the city, wondering if he could still maintain its freshness.

"Uh..."

At this moment, Serus was caught off guard by Zhao Xu, as if its forehead was actually sweating. Although it was a cold-blooded animal, it didn't have sweat glands.

It didn't understand how the man in front of him, who was still researching the white dragon, could be so familiar with it.

At the same time, the woman in the black robe, who was exerting immense pressure on Serus, was also looking at it.
Here is the translation of the text:

White Dragon Serus immediately cried out, "I, I am willing to submit, accept the toil of the Great Adventurer." Dragon Knight.

In an instant, this unparalleled title directly entered Zhao Xu's mind.

Even the Lion Knight composed of level 4 Lion Hawk, which is already a formidable armed force that strikes fear into the hearts of the surrounding powers of the Northern Alliance.

As for a true white dragon, it would be willing to be ridden, its power is self-evident.

Zhao Xu turned his head and looked at Veian, asking, "When you were at level 5, didn't you have to pair up with a mount?"

Before Veian could respond, White Dragon Serus suddenly opened his mouth, saying, "The Dragons of the Giant Dragon Clan are honorable and cannot be dishonored. How could I, a noble white dragon, deign to submit to a weaker woman?"

It was initially only intended to help these adventurers with some errands, but it seemed to have suddenly become a long-term mount.

As Serus spoke, he noticed Anzino's eyes had become vacant and his voice had grown smaller, whispering, "If you're willing to give me some compensation, Serus also won't refuse this humiliation."

If Zhao Xu hadn't confirmed that the player was indeed a player, he would have suspected that the dragon had a player's brain.

If he continued to speak, it would be a story of thirty years of east and west, and no one would deceive the young dragon.

It was clear that he was about to surrender, but he still held his tongue firmly, but before he could react, he suddenly surrendered.

"What do you think?" Zhao Xu turned his head and looked at Anzino, waiting for his advice.

"It's okay," Anzino walked directly in front of White Dragon Serus's head.
Here is the translation:

Compared to Anzhenya, Serus's legs were already trembling uncontrollably at this moment, as if facing the terror of life and death.

This made Zhao Xu unable to help but wonder if he had encountered a sick dragon.

If he still had to cure the other party, it would be a loss.

"You shout one word, and the evil god Tyam will kill the dragon," Anzhenya said calmly.

Suddenly, the white dragon Serus realized that it had encountered the most troublesome enemy of his life.