
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 480: The Residual Soul Wave

"You gaze into the abyss, and the abyss gazes back at you."

This sentence is an education that every mage receives at the beginning of their studies.

As a mage, this profession is easily exposed to "otherworldly beings".

Regardless of the era, many mages who pursue power are influenced by the power of the underworld.

The demons on the other side of the underworld, bound by the rules of "order", carefully arrange their prey, step by step, and then devour it.

Or, to say that Asmortal, the ruler of the nine hells, who is near all demons, has no great interest in Arthur.

On the other hand, the side of the abyss is different. The chaotic nature and countless lords of the abyss make this region a chaotic battlefield, with internal conflicts.

Once a living being tries to contact the abyss, and these lords take notice, unless they have a powerful backing force or are deeply favored by the gods, they will inevitably be dragged into the abyss after death.

The abyss itself is utterly unreasonable, and the process of negotiating with it may result in the devil directly turning their back on the other party, causing the trader to die on the spot.

So, this sentence is warning all mages that in the process of contacting the abyss, they have actually been "kept an eye on" by some existences.

"Notify all the shrines!"

Di Ma's originally carefree face had become extremely solemn. He had already regretted not resting at home and had come here in a hurry for the "bonus" of the urgent task.
For a wizard who has lost all hope of ascending, "the Abyss" is like a polluted water source that can quench their current thirst, but they don't know when they will die from drinking too much and becoming ill, just like drinking hemlock to quench thirst. As for Dimma, a wizard with a good family background and a teacher renowned in the nine rings, the attention of the Abyss is truly unwelcome for him.

"You wait here, my teacher is almost here," Dimma said to everyone.

"Dimma, sir, you just mentioned that name quickly, what was it?" Tolby asked, looking back at the blood-written words on the ceiling.

"I'm afraid of that thing, just forget it and don't blame me when you die," Dimma said, looking at everyone with a stern expression. "Don't look at it, by the time the family... Ah, but I won't finish saying it, I'm afraid of Glazet's gaze, and I might make a joke that will get me killed. I'll dream about it tonight."

Tolby, on the other hand, quietly glanced at the mysterious words one last time, as a member of the Security Bureau, he had a natural talent for memorization, and he used all his strength to memorize the name, preparing to reproduce it and observe it later.

Suddenly, a mysterious energy wave erupted in the originally quiet room, followed by the slow appearance of an old wizard's figure in the empty space.

The entire action was smooth, with some agility beyond his age.

"Dimma, is that here?" the old wizard who had been transmitted asked, looking around at everyone with a hazy gaze.

"No mistake, it's here, teacher," Dimma said, his face serious, pointing to the ceiling with his finger.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, he didn't dare to look up closely, as if he was afraid to feel the power hidden in his blood, which made it difficult for him to extricate himself.

"Oh?" said the old wizard, raising his head to gaze upwards, his expression gradually becoming stern and solemn.

Commander Fren looked at the old wizard who had suddenly appeared in this secret room, and then glanced at Di Ma, unable to help asking, "Who is this?"

"My mentor, the vice chairman of the Northern Branch of the Wizarding Association, the Nine-Ringed Mage, Nash," Di Ma introduced.

As Di Ma introduced the people who had come through the portal, they all looked a bit dazed.

The vice chairman of the Northern Branch of the Wizarding Association, the Nine-Ringed Mage, regardless of any title, was an existence above the clouds to them.

"Ah, I see it's Nash, how did you bother to come?" Commander Fren immediately bowed his head humbly towards the other party.

He had already heard about the strength of Nash's wizarding clan, but he had never expected it to be this powerful person, whom he couldn't even think of climbing to.

However, this Nine-Ringed Peak wizard, Nash, was already looking up at him, completely ignoring Commander Fren's question.

For high-ranking wizards, learning to be indifferent, to ignore everything, was already a basic instinct.

Every enthusiastic wizard would eventually become indifferent due to personal requests, pleas, and entreaties.

Di Ma knew why his mentor had recently been studying that deep abyssal lord.

As for them, the Nine-Ringed wizards, they had the ability to start touching on these strong existences in the deep abyss. And he was still taking risks by doing so.

So, as soon as he saw this name, Di Ma immediately sent a short message to notify his mentor of his arrival.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the nine-ring mage was so serious, the people in the room were all stunned, holding their breath, afraid to disturb the mage's thoughts.

"What's strange?" Nash, the deputy head of the department, exclaimed, as if only a whispered utterance could release the shock in his heart.

"This chamber's atmosphere doesn't give off a sense of profound depth, but I can still sense the aura of the person who wrote their name in blood. It's as if a master craftsman, who has been hiding their skills, finally reveals them at the last moment."

With that, Nash, who had some gray hair, gestured to the front and pointed to the zombie-like Kuroze, "Take off your clothes and take a look."

Immediately, the two agents who had been standing by, grabbed each other's hands, and ripped the opponent's coat off.

"Ah!"

"How is this possible?" someone exclaimed.

Not even the presence of a nine-ring mage could suppress the heart-pounding excitement in their chests.

As they looked at Kuroze, they saw that his upper body was covered in various knife wounds, with over a hundred scars.

Although most of the people in the room had no grudge against him, some agents who knew about the underworld's dark secrets couldn't help but cheer, and they were already being generous by not killing him on the spot.

For those stationed at the Warning Hall, they were even more aware of the evil deeds of the Scarlet Lip.

"This wound has almost healed, but it's clear that it was treated with healing magic within half an hour," said the mage, Di Ma, taking a deep breath.

It turned out that one of the people in the opponent's team was an arcana mage, and the other was a divine mage, making them even more formidable.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Is it torture? Could it really be an evil ritual?" A player mage asked, unable to help himself, based on his own experience.

"Don't just blabber on," Dima urged, criticizing him. "This isn't an evil sacrifice ritual. We'll have to wait for further verification and detection before we know for sure."

As Nash the mage sat in thought, his eyes half-closed, he looked at the player who had interrupted him and then went back to closing his eyes.

"Dima, can you see any hints?" Nash asked, his eyes still closed.

"Has the transformation into an undead creature increased the difficulty of our revival? At least it would consume the 'Seven-Ring Resurrection' spell," another player suggested.

"Has it also resisted the 'Communicate with the Dead' spell that doesn't involve the soul?"

Dima analyzed the situation from the lowest point, trying to figure out the killer's strategy.

But Nash just shook his head, "You're too focused on the external and ignoring the internal cycle."

"What's the cause of the dead person's death?" he asked.

"What's the cause?" someone else asked.

At this point, the originally quiet crowd erupted in a commotion.

Many ambitious players, including some of the players present, couldn't help but speculate, trying to attract the attention of the Nine-Ring Mage by posing questions in this format and eventually gaining his favor.

However, after the commotion subsided, the elderly Nash shook his head.

"The other person died under the Nine-Ring Soul-binding spell."
"His soul has not been sent to the afterlife or purgatory, but has been permanently restrained by someone else."

This answer left everyone stunned, unsure of what to do.
The Nine-Ring Spell.
Here is the translation of the text:

The path ahead seemed to form a peculiar route for them. ...

As the flames engulfed her lips at that moment, the entire Freiler Manor received the notice, and the atmosphere inside and outside became extremely tense, with more guards patrolling the yard.

In an instant, Zhao Xu's figure flashed by and reappeared in the room.

"Chairman, you're back," Vivian said as she saw him.

White Dragon Serus was exasperated and said, "Thanks to my shape-shifting skills, otherwise, you wouldn't have made it just now."

As he spoke, he kept staring at Zhao Xu, his nose twitching, "You have a bloody aura, it seems that the one who was ambushed at the scene last night is you."

"You're going out to do a big deal without bringing me, the strong assistant, that's definitely a loss for you."

"Ah, silly dragon."

Zhao Xu sat down on a stool, not bothering to explain too much, and directly said, "I now have the address of a mysterious treasure, and we must get it out immediately, or it will be leaked."

"We must go out to find it within a few days."

"However, when we get there, it's likely that there will be heavy troops lying in ambush, do you have the courage?"

Just then, White Dragon Serus, who was still full of confidence, couldn't help but look at Zhao Xu, as if he had forgotten his own words.

Can I ask you a question, Master Zhongshu?"

"Uh?"
Here is the translation:

"You can't be the illegitimate child of the Magic Goddess, can you?" Bai Long couldn't help but say, revealing the suspicion he had been harboring all night.

In an instant, a cold light flashed, and ViVianna's Holy Avenger was seen hovering in front of his neck, her eyes warning him with an unmistakable warning.

As for Zhao Xu, he just rolled his eyes at the foolish dragon and began to gather his things, intending to cover his tracks.

Just then, a sudden knock came from outside the door, followed by Frey's voice, "Mr. Zhongxia, there's a big problem, are you sleeping?"