
Chapter 515: The Fatal Stake

As soon as he heard those words, Zhao Xu almost lost his composure, and he couldn't help but whisper: "Player?"

How else could he have such a familiar grasp of the situation?

A black-robed man sitting opposite him sneered with a hint of anger: "Even though I disagree with this point, I still have to obey the organization's will and bring you worms into the fold."

Zhao Xu heard the ridicule and couldn't help but laugh: "Are you going crazy with the ritual? Did your brain get burned?"

"Uh?"

"Interesting."

"Did you actually figure out my true identity?"

At this moment, the black-robed man's eyes widened in surprise, and the hem of his clothes fluttered behind him.

"I'm not crazy," Zhao Xu muttered.

He turned around, looking around, and noticed that besides the gentle evening breeze, there was only the sound of snoring coming from the white dragon, who seemed to have given up and was sleeping soundly.

The area outside this district, which was nearly 50 meters away, was completely blocked off. Even residents were being relocated, and unless Zhao Xu shouted at a decibel level that was as loud as a song, the night guards on patrol would not be able to hear him.

It seems that he has to take matters into his own hands.

Zhao Xu shook his head, having become lazy since he had people around him. He didn't want to waste his energy by relying on public forces.

It's really boring to use magic to bully the weak all the time.

"Look at the moon in the sky," Zhao Xu suddenly said, "and look at your feet?"

(Note: I translated the text to the best of my abilities, but please note that the translation may not be perfect.
Here is the translation:

At this moment, the black-robed person suddenly realized, "Your knowledge level is not low, and you can immediately retrieve this information. It seems that you still have some use." 

Zhaoxu then smiled slightly, as if to say that if he told you, you would understand the entire template value, and you wouldn't cry out in fright.

"Since that's the case, you're not more worthy of submitting to us," he said. "I can become such an immortal being. If you make sufficient contributions to the organization, you may also be qualified to receive such a reward. I may even consider granting you eternal glory."

It seemed to Zhao Xu that the black-robed person, who was a bit confused about the situation, was talking to himself.

Zhao Xu saw this and said calmly, "You think this is great, but in reality, it's cutting off the path ahead."

"But I'm very curious," he said. "What kind of organization is this?"

The black-robed person turned pale when he heard this and said, "It seems that I still need to show you some hands to make you realize that the strong also deserve respect."

Then the black-robed person let out a loud cry, releasing mysterious powers from within, and transformed into a cloud of swirling mist.

Zhao Xu immediately realized that the other person had used the same ability as the three-ring technique.

He shook his head, and indeed, the "vampire" with the ability to enhance the 8-level undead template was quite powerful.

Just then, the vampire stood under the moonlight, without a shadow, and Zhao Xu caught a glimpse of him.

Although it was difficult to distinguish the night, Zhao Xu sensed that the vampire's mist-like form was slowly approaching him.

He was also encountering a vampire for the first time, and his curiosity was stronger than others. He couldn't help but try to verify the content he had obtained from his knowledge (religion) skill when he searched for information earlier.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xū suddenly pulled out the "Holy Emblem" from his pocket, which could increase the level of his Death Spirit Magic by one level. Generally, priests would pull out the Holy Emblem and use its power to activate their own abilities, such as "Dispersing Undead Beings". However, just as Zhao Xū was about to pull out the Holy Emblem, a vampire suddenly appeared, as if it had brushed against a hot iron, and immediately flew away, not daring to approach.

Although the vampire couldn't harm Zhao Xū, the Holy Emblem and the "Mirror" could still make the vampire feel uncomfortable and unable to approach. Zhao Xū noticed the situation was abnormal and the vampire suddenly dispelled its misty form, and its cloak fell off its head, revealing its pale and bloodless face and sharp fangs.

"Look, knowledge is power," Zhao Xū said, "even if you think you've become an 'Immortal Vampire', you still have to submit to your own weaknesses."

"Just don't know if your organization has told you?" the vampire sneered.

"Ha ha, you haven't even touched my sleeve, yet you're already dreaming of defeating me?" the vampire said, looking at Zhao Xū with anger and resentment.

Suddenly, a swarm of bats appeared before Zhao Xū, all clustered together in a "cluster". These bats were using their attack characteristics, flying towards him.

Zhao Xū then tested the effectiveness of the Holy Emblem and used his "Hand Art" skill to easily retrieve his Holy Emblem and then jump away, effortlessly dodging the swarm of bats. Even those that followed were directly repelled by his aura.
Here is the translation:

Zhao Xu also noticed that the black-robed vampire's figure had disappeared, replaced by a large and ferocious bat, wildly flapping its wings to attack him.

The "Night Child" ability that summons a swarm of bats and rats had just been used, and now Zhao Xu was transforming into a bat-like creature. Zhao Xu silently took notes in his mind.

At this moment, he was more concerned with the "Vampire Strategy Post" for this period, as his "Dong Cheng" account had been inactive for a long time. Since it was revealed that the ID "Dong Cheng" came from his university's education network, Zhao Xu had been consciously controlling the exposure level.

But at the moment when he was distracted, the ferocious bat swooped down, its jaws wide open to bite him.

However, after reaching level 8, Zhao Xu's defense ability had reached the level of a mutant. His defense stats were:

37 levels = 10 basic + 8 armor (Wise Sage's Robe) + 4 shield (Shield Technique) + 4 agility + 2 luck (Strength Amulet) + 4 perception (Warrior Belt) + 5 tier defense (Dragon's Scale Technique)

Even without special protection, most monsters were unable to easily breach his defense.

The vampire couldn't even think about using its ability to absorb 1-4 points of physical attribute or its ability to cause a 2-level demotion due to energy absorption.

Ability is strong, but it's useless if it doesn't hit.

And just as the bat's bite was about to land, it suddenly flew away, transforming back into its vampire form.

At this moment, the vampire looked at Zhao Xu with a very solemn expression, saying, "You're not an ordinary player, you're abnormal!"

"Everyone calls me the number one player, but what makes you think I'm ordinary?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu corrected him, "You don't even have the ability to harm me, let alone turn me into a vampire. How can you give me eternal life?"

Vampires possess the ability to create "derivatives".

If a humanoid or monster is killed by a vampire using the "energy absorption" ability and then buried for 1-4 days, it will resurrect as a "derivative" in a weakened form.

If a being with a life value of 4 or lower is drained of its vitality by a vampire's attribute absorption ability, it will resurrect as a derivative. However, if a being with a life value of 5 or higher is drained, it will resurrect as a vampire.

These created derivatives or vampires will, however, be controlled by the original vampire. Unless the derivative's life value exceeds the vampire's life value by two times, it will gain free will.

"Hah! You'll never underestimate our vampire powers!"

The vampire shouted loudly, staring intensely at Zhao Xu.

Domination ability!
Vampires can use a stare attack to crush an opponent's will and apply the "dominate human" effect.

However, Zhao Xu just shook his head and sighed, "That's not even a challenge for someone like me, who is a master of willpower."

At the same time, his figure disappeared.

The next instant, Zhao Xu threw a punch.

A wooden stake was lodged in the punch, and under the powerful attack, it shot straight into the opponent's chest.

The originally extremely powerful vampire was caught off guard, fell into a state of apparent death on the spot.