
Chapter 522: The Key Plot Twist, Species Transformation

The dawn broke slowly, and the soft light filtered through the curtains, illuminating Zheng Xin Yu's face.

At this moment, she had a hint of puzzlement on her face, and she slowly opened her eyes, with an incredulous expression on her face.

"How is that possible?" she muttered to herself.

She immediately sat up, and the soft, fluffy blanket slid down, revealing the bubble-print pajamas underneath.

"It should be," she said to herself. "Because the 'divine being' in my dream is just my subconscious producing it, so it's all-knowing and almost omnipotent."

"Because 'it' is me, so it's like I'm grasping it."

As she spoke, Zheng Xin Yu gently patted her smooth face, saying, "Ah, Xin Yu, you're really good at fantasizing. You even thought of the Earth's destruction."

"And players can even log in with their accounts in Avalon, which is also a bit too fantastic."

As she spoke, Zheng Xin Yu walked to the mirror, gently blowing away her hair, which was still slightly disheveled from sleep. She smiled sweetly, looking at her sleepy self.

Then, she grabbed her phone, which was charging on the bedside table, and prepared to go to the bathroom to wash up.

As she walked and scrolled through the current trending topics, her hand suddenly stiffened, and the latest iPhone almost slipped out of her hand and fell to the wooden floor.

Zheng Xin Yu had no time to spare, and with a look of utter shock on her face, she suddenly ran to her floor-to-ceiling window, ripped open the curtains, and looked out at the sea view, confirming that she was still on Earth.
Here is the translation of the text:

The headlines on the hot search are the hottest news of the day. The wreckage of a plane that crashed long ago has finally been found, and the long-lost secrets have been finally uncovered.

The question is, this hot search is actually a dream she had last night, and the one who told her about it in her dream.

The memories in her dream are too hazy, and it wasn't until she saw this news again that Zheng Xinan finally remembered it.

"This is really true."

Zheng Xinan hastily turned around and walked to her desk, pulling out a sketchbook from the pile of colored pencils.

She kept recalling the memories in her mind, and only managed to draw a simple face and a cross on the paper before she couldn't draw anymore.

Zheng Xinan felt a sense of despair as she realized that she couldn't remember the appearance of the mysterious man from her dream.

Even this kind of speculation made her feel uneasy.

Zheng Xinan thought back to when she attended a concert and a mysterious man with a clear complexion gave her an activation code.

She couldn't remember his appearance now.

From the time she started playing the game, she felt that she had a guiding thread within herself, telling her which way to go.

After half a minute, Zheng Xinan quietly put the sketchbook back in the pile of paintings, then she stood barefoot in front of the window, which was open with a light curtain, just like a nun in a TV drama.

She then recited the prayer with a bewildered expression, slowly repeating the words:

"Oh, great Lord of the heavens, shepherd of the flock of believers..."

In a dimension that humans cannot see, Zheng Xinan's expression emitted a mysterious thread, leading to the sky.

...
Here is the translation of the text:

In a distant residential area, at the moment when the sun was about to rise, the lights in a certain household had already been turned on, even before the sun officially rose. Zhao Xu, who was typing away at his keyboard, suddenly felt a stirring in his heart. He sensed that Zheng Xin'an was reciting a prayer in a distant place, just like a ritual.

The sound trembled and quivered, from hesitation to determination, as if whispering a prayer in Zhao Xu's ear. After hearing it, he couldn't help but exhale, and realized that he had taken a crucial step in connecting with the faithful.

Later, he would cultivate Zheng Xin'an to a higher level, and then guide her to establish a secret sect, relying on the power of Lark's blessing, and inject the funds from the Silver Mine of Starfall Town into it. He had gained a new card.

Zhao Xu had learned many principles, many of which were contradictory. However, he still deeply believed in one thing: the "Three Holes of the Fox".

When he was taught by An Tiya, he was given a formula, which stated that when he reached X level, his escape methods would not be fewer than X. For the Arthur residents without the Revival Stone, "escape skills" were the first survival priority.

At this moment, after the "Dream Ritual" was successful, Zhao Xu was still in an excited state, unable to calm down. Therefore, he decided to pick up the "Eastern City Weaving" account again, editing the "Vampire Strategy Post" from last night, but would only publish it after a month.

The vampire that attacked alone last night, with unparalleled arrogance, was definitely accompanied by a partner. If there was a player involved, he wouldn't be caught off guard and would let the other party link the two accounts, "Midsummer" and "Eastern City Weaving".

The intention was to trigger a wave in the end, allowing as many people as possible to possess the 28-point talent account, naturally Zhao Xu didn't want to expose himself now.
Here is the translation of the text:

As a result, he edited another post, "Assuming Time Travel, How to Reincarnate into a Species." He chose the player character as an elf, a half-elf, or a human, and there would be no significant opposition, even for ordinary people who lack extended lifespan methods. For those who have chosen the dwarven, halfling, or half-human species, Zhao Xu still attempted to provide a rescue method.

This includes special accounts or those who have undergone ritual reincarnation into other species, such as the "Beastfolk" he saw today.

For current players, canceling their accounts and restarting is a viable option. However, for high-level players like Zhao Xu, they must follow the line of inheritance.

He even needs to publish this method now.

The Artesian species are actually in the hundreds, and even with a +0 challenge adjustment, they are still numerous. Just among the elven subspecies, there are day elves, fire elves, gray elves, moon elves, and dwarves.

There are even species that can increase challenge levels, such as the descendants of demons and the descendants of the gods. These are all considered to have a cost for adventurers.

This is also the reason Zhao Xu believed that the vampire's future was doomed after seeing it. Any post-transformation, such as a 1st-level warrior who has undergone ritual reincarnation, with a +8 adjustment, would be equivalent to a 9th-level character. Therefore, the difficulty of promoting it to a 2nd-level warrior would be equivalent to promoting a 9th-level character to a 10th-level character, making it impossible to compare.
Here is the translation of the text:

Only a few monsters that have found the breakthrough can smoothly upgrade their profession. For example, people like Zhao Xu, who have undergone post-humous transformation, are unlikely to grasp this concept.

Otherwise, Anzhenya can easily use "Prayer Magic" to transform into a giant dragon or something. The key is that Zhao Xu's leveling up becomes more difficult afterwards.

This is also something Zhao Xu learned later on.

For most people, having an additional specialty as a "human" in various species with a challenge level of 0 is not unreasonable. Compared to people who follow the crowd, Zhao Xu has a clearer understanding of the key elements of strength.

After thinking for a while, Zhao Xu decided to publish the article "What if I Cross Over, How Do I Reincarnate into a Species?".

Although the methods in the article can be implemented, it's not certain how many people will actually achieve it. However, Zhao Xu still wants to spread this secret.

At least, it will let regretful players know the way.

In an instant, countless players who had just woken up saw that "East City Ruo" had published a new post on the forum.

However, for Zhao Xu's intended audience, players who chose the wrong species and want to become human again, how do they do it?

The players on the forum saw the post and initially thought East City Ruo had found a game bug and provided a method to convert to other species.

Some quick-witted players even copied and saved the post, fearing it would be deleted in a few seconds.

At this moment, countless players, filled with admiration, began to read this short article that was only a few hundred words long.

[Method 1: Prayer Magic.]

Many people just shook their heads and skipped over it.

Prayer Magic and Miracle Magic are well-known, and everyone knows they're the top-ranked "Nine-Ring Magic" in the game.
The distinctive feature of this is its unpredictability, with unpredictable consequences. The problem is that the Nine Rings' power is not easily accessible, and the cost of the 2,000 gold coins is too high for most people.

Method Two: Tribal Transformation Ritual

Below this section, there is no explanation, only two mysterious ritual category names written in a pseudo-archaic style. Zhao Xu's intention is simple because the ritual cannot be described in a single post. He left behind key words to guide people in their search. Players quietly took note and prepared to search for related knowledge in the city's library.

Method Three: The "Reincarnation" and "Final Breath" Spells of the Four Rings

Although the Four Rings' spells are not currently accessible to players, they are the simplest way to achieve reincarnation. However, players were left bewildered by this revelation. The Reincarnation spell can bring players back to life in a new body after death, allowing them to bypass the "life limit." The key is that they will be reborn in a random body. The sex and species of the reborn body will be random, with a chance of being a bear-like creature (1%), a dwarf (12%), an elf (12%), a werewolf (1%), a halfling (12%), a goblin (4%), a half-elf (10%), a half-orc (10%), a half-human (12%), a human (15%), a dog-headed person (4%), a lizard-man (1%), an orc (4%), a war lizard (1%), or other (1%). The key is that this spell can preserve almost all attributes and profession levels, except for a 1-level reduction, and a 2-level reduction in constitution.
Here is the translation of the text:

While the ultimate breathing of the same ring is limited to the next round after death, it will not lose its physique level. As soon as some players see this point, some peculiar players immediately post:

"Isn't it possible for me to break through the gender barrier with this spell?"
"I want to restore my original race, but I have to use the prayer spell again, which is too troublesome."
"This post is completely useless."
"It seems that one half of the seven races are occupied, feeling very disappointing."
"It feels like Dong Cheng Rui is like YYing us as a collective, how long will this topic last?"
"You guys haven't noticed? This is basically an alternative resurrection spell, able to be used within a week after death, and it's much better than account cancellation."

As Zhao Xu watched everyone's continuous replies, he knew that no one noticed the key point in his short article.