
Chapter 575 The Forest of Deceptive Words, Giant Insect Night Shadows
"I'm going to find my parents," a girl who looked about seventeen or eighteen shouted, but a few other girls of similar age tightly held her back, advising her not to act impulsively.
Meanwhile, another boy nearby disdainfully retorted, "From the beginning, you insisted on having our graduation trip outside the province. Now that we've been projected here, although it's not as far as the over 400 kilometers absolute distance on Earth, it's still at least a hundred kilometers. Do you think we can safely get through?"
The boy speaking and the more than twenty boys and girls around him were all classmates. But at this moment, he was not wearing the ordinary linen clothes of a common traveler, but a newly maintained half-body armor that was smooth and shiny.
Combined with this armor and the heavy axe on his back, as well as the sturdy physique inherited from the 28 talent points he obtained after crossing over, even in this desolate wilderness, he still looked handsome and valiant.
This was also the reason why he became the backbone of the team in just half a day.
In reality, not everyone reunited after crossing over. The entire barren and deadly area was much smaller than the land area of Earth, and the spatial distance when projected seemed to have undergone topological changes.
The distance between them had changed, but the general direction had not. If their loved ones were in a city on the east side of Earth, then heading east should not be a big problem.
Six or seven billion people flooded into Arthur, and only a few places like the barren and deadly areas, completely undeveloped and like natural life restricted zones, could accommodate them.
Here is the translation of the text:

In this relative coordinate throwing method, someone will inevitably be unlucky in extremely harsh and arduous environments. From the surrounding area of 100 kilometers, which is a barren wasteland with no grass, to the vast marshy wetland that covers the entire field of vision, 10% of the troops are completely eliminated due to unfortunate circumstances.

After Zhao Xu initially focused on the entire Hua Xia region's birthplace and ensured safety, he dispatched personnel to areas with fewer resources. As for the outer areas, he didn't pay much attention, mainly due to his limited capabilities.

"Why can't we push forward? Just look at the bases you've passed through, you'll see that most of us are former Arthur players with decent combat abilities. As long as we work together, we can push through," the girl said with a hint of discontent.

"We each have parents and family members who may be suffering, so we should take advantage of our current abilities to find and care for them," she added.

Aspiring to continue her singer's dream, she chose the poet profession in the game. As a wandering bard, she collects various local legends and spreads them around, using music to convey magic that can make listeners cry or rejoice.

This profession often involves traveling the world, facing various people, and can also make one a diplomat, mediator, messenger, or spy.

At this moment, under the girl's deliberate efforts, her performance is imbued with profound explosive power, reaching the level of S-grade, and the resonance of her voice penetrates every person's heart.

In Arthur, each player silently discovers their professional abilities and skills, which begin to unfold in a spectacular manner.
Here is the translation of the text:

While a group of middle-aged travelers who were traveling together with a tourist bus nearby, a middle-aged man with a robust figure slowly emerged, saying, "Each of you, you have a sense of purpose and concern for your family, which I fully support."

"However, can't we put the aunties and uncles in a safe location first and then go? For example, that new place, Xia'an, feels really good, doesn't it?"

At this time, the over 10 middle-aged men and women behind him all nodded and showed a look of anticipation. Compared to the high school students in the same group, at least half of them were not players. Even if it wasn't for the group's tour guide, a player, who had just found a cave and temporarily settled them, they would have already become wet chickens.

However, the new cotton clothes they received were tightly grasped in their hands. This poor resource area may have only these two clothes to rotate for several months.

"Aren't you still thinking of going to Xia'an? Xia'an is just in that direction where the light column is shining."

The teenager who initially opposed it pointed to the distance.

In that distant northern direction, even during the day, one can still see a faint, seven-colored, mysterious light column falling from the sky, making people think of the legend of the Holy Light guiding people to heaven.

"Cross the forest in front of us, and then follow the direction to find Little Li's parents. After that, we'll walk about 400 kilometers in that direction to get close to Xia'an."
These high school students are all classmates, so their directions in life all converge.
"However..." the young man sneered, "As a wandering poet, she should have the ability to discern what kind of place this is."

"Xiao Wei, your face turned pale as soon as you arrived here? Obviously, you have already realized what kind of place this is."

All eyes turned to Xiao Wei.

At this moment, Xiao Wei was trembling all over, constantly recalling the detailed information about the dangerous and evil places called the Wilderness of Death that Zhao Xu had asked her to pay attention to.

Originally, Zhao Xu had urged her to stay close to her parents near the end of July, and she had done so, only going on a trip with her classmates in August. Who would have thought that they would encounter such a big change.

"The Forest of Eerie Words."

Xiao Wei said with a conflicted tone, "It is said to be one of the dangerous and evil places in the Wilderness of Death. It is said that anyone who enters this forest and hears mysterious voices whispering in their ears is not far from death."

"This place is filled with a large amount of death and resentment, and even if you don't encounter any monsters, you may be directly affected and fall into a state of fear and trembling."

"Even if you survive, many people go mad. Because of the risks everywhere in the Wilderness of Death, the spies and hunters of the North would rather climb over the Ice Mountain Range to the neighboring Beastman Empire than detour through the Wilderness of Death."

Upon hearing Xiao Wei's words, everyone looked ahead with cautious and fearful eyes, gazing into the dark and dense forest.

It seemed as if there were great dangers lurking beneath the swaying branches and leaves.

"Well then, let's take a detour," the middle-aged man suggested, but as he looked ahead, the Forest of Eerie Words seemed endless, as if it were a river cutting through the ground, with no way around.
"Unless they can fly over there."
"So, do you think we, a group of average level players, who could all perish in the wilderness overnight, can survive in this sinister forest?" the young man sneered.
The other classmates in the same class also looked ashamed, as these high school seniors had not spent much time leveling up before preparing for the college entrance examination.
Wanting to start playing the game after the college entrance examination, but the game happened to stop service a week before the exam.
As a level 3 warrior like the young man, it was because he had participated in an AP class for studying abroad, and didn't take the college entrance examination route, so he had the leisure time.
"I don't care." After thinking it over, the girl Xiaoli, who was a poet, insisted, looking at her several friends who were at a similar level in the game. As long as she got their support, it would be easy for everyone to follow her lead.
In the world, there are always people who are willing to do anything for someone they love.
"Huh. If you want to go and get yourself killed, I just recognized that even if I'm unlucky." The young man sneered.
"No."
Suddenly, Nan Xiaowei spoke with a difficult tone, "I just saw a strange mark on a tree, so I thought this might be the sinister forest."
"Are you saying we've already entered it?" The young man's face instantly stiffened.
Everyone's faces turned pale.
During the past two days of travel, they had witnessed countless roadside skeletons, and even lively skeletons and zombies.
If these young men and women hadn't had decent combat power and barely managed to fend them off, the middle-aged men and women who were used to a life of ease would have died at the hands of the undead creatures.
"It should be said that at the moment when the heavy rain is about to come, in our panic, we have already entered the depths of the forest." Nan Xiaowei also realized this at this moment.
A sudden, eerie laughter echoed through the air. The piercing and sharp sound was so intense that several girls who couldn't bear it covered their ears and knelt down. "What's going on?" "Where is it coming from?" "Who's playing tricks on us?" the girls cried out in unison.

As the shouting and the sound of weapons being drawn out echoed through the area, the eerie laughter still persisted. "I can't take it anymore, I'm going home," a girl who was overwhelmed by the situation burst into tears.

"Don't make a noise," a boy who was beside her, looking worried and anxious, tried to calm her down. But instead, he was met with an even louder wail.

"Who is it?" the original young man, holding a heavy axe, swung it a few times, as if to encourage himself.

Just then, the ground began to shake. "Is it an earthquake?" the middle-aged travelers who were behind him looked at the ground in bewilderment.

However, the next moment, a long, 30-meter-long worm with a mouth filled with rows of sharp, purple teeth burst out of the shaking mud. It instantly bit off a living piece of flesh.

The purple worm seemed to be eating fries, and with one bite, it swallowed the rest of its body. The entire travel group was reduced to one person.

The scene was so brutal and merciless that it sent shivers down everyone's spine. The purple worm's entire body emitted a pungent and eerie aura, and a cold wind blew in from the side.

Even the smell of a winter morning, as if a tomb had been suddenly opened, wafted through the air.
The purple-colored giant bug was not satisfied with this, and it suddenly opened its mouth again. The dense and intricate array of sharp teeth inside its mouth could accommodate an adult man, and it also revealed the terrifying internal structure to the crowd.

"Run!"
"Save me!"

For a moment, the crowd finally reacted, and the scene split into two groups: one side was composed of players holding weapons and shields, trying to resist, while the other side was made up of civilians trying to flee.

The purple-colored giant bug suddenly became a piercing attack, moving so fast that even its afterimage could not be seen.

On the spot, a fully-armed warrior player was bitten by the bug and swallowed slowly.

"Ah, Brother Li!"
"Xiao Li!"

The crowd cried out the name of their companion.

However, it was of no use, and they could only watch as he was slowly swallowed.

A girl bit her teeth so hard that she was afraid to make a sound and attract the attention of the purple giant bug.

This player, Xiao Li, proved with his life that the seemingly unbreakable armor was useless against the bug's sharp teeth.

It was only slightly harder than bone.

At the same time, the bug turned its head to look at the fleeing crowd with a condescending gaze.

All those who dared to flee from the hunt should die.

The bug suddenly opened its mouth again, and a gust of frosty air blew towards the crowd.

Five-ring ice cone!

The area within a 20-meter radius in front of it was immediately enveloped in a deep and intense cold, as if it had been frozen by liquid nitrogen.

The middle-aged men and women who were fleeing suddenly froze, with a layer of frost covering their bodies, losing their lives instantly.

The ice cone dealt 1-8 points of damage per attack, with a maximum of 15 layers and a total damage of 15-120 HP at level 15.
Here is the translation of the text:

The average damage output is 67 points, enough to knock out most players.
It's a monster that can cast powerful magic!
This has gone beyond everyone's imagination, including those who started with a weapon and wanted to fight back. Now, they feel numbness in their arms, as if countless fine needles are poking at their hands, making it impossible to grasp.
"Run, Xiao Yu!" Xiao Yu's companion cried out in tears, seeing the monster's gaze fixed on her.

This purple giant worm turned its head slightly to look at Xiao Yu, feeling the repulsive aura emanating from her.

However, this intense pressure of real death made Xiao Yu's legs go limp, and she collapsed to the ground.

As someone who had never been in a real battlefield, Xiao Yu felt the fear of death for the first time, and it was so intense and overwhelming.

"Whoosh!"
A swift, sharp sound echoed through the air.

The team members all closed their eyes, unable to bear watching Xiao Yu's blood spatter all over the ground.

But after just a few seconds, the screams did not come.

As the team members opened their eyes again, they saw a mysterious mage standing in front of Xiao Yu, who was sitting on the ground, her eyes tear-stained.

The mage's body was surrounded by a shimmering cloak, and half-transparent dragon wings fluttered around him. He had successfully blocked the attack.

The mage turned his head, seemingly uninterested in the terrifying appearance of the giant worm with its mouth open wide, and looked at Xiao Yu with tear-stained eyes.

"You guys are really good, but you're also a bit too bold. You're not like ordinary players who don't encounter such powerful monsters. Even the 18-level Night Shadow giant worm can give you a hard time."
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's because my mom rushed to notify me that you weren't with your parents, otherwise you would have just gone into the stomach of that giant bug monster."
"Yeah, Uncle Zhongxu." South Xiaoyi wiped away tears with a smile.
Meanwhile, Zhao Xu turned his head and looked at the intelligent, communicative, immortal giant insect monster Night Shadow and asked,
"What do you plan to die from?"