
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 598: Original Combination, Frenzied Power

In reality, the law wizard, who looked like an old scholar with a gentle demeanor, and the barbarian, who was muscular and powerful, were not supposed to get along.

However, Zhao Xu, who had a "potential point," had indeed given himself too many magic spells. According to reason, a 10th-level wizard should have no more than a few dozen magic spell slots. Zhao Xu, however, could finish brushing up his spells in less than three minutes.

Whenever he was idle, he would casually activate the "Energy Shield" spell, which would grant him immunity to property damage. Then, he would use the "Super Magic Control" spell to delay or prolong the duration of his spells.

It was mainly due to the "Original Combination" spell sequence that Zhao Xu was mistaken as a barbarian by another experienced player. The "Original Four-Set" spell, which was said to last for 24 hours after casting, was one of the legendary spells in the "Original Combination" sequence.

The first spell in the sequence was the "Original Hunter," which was also a two-ring spell for druids, a two-ring spell for mages, and a one-ring spell for rangers, but not listed in the wizard's spellbook. Once the "Original Hunter" spell was cast, Zhao Xu's muscles would swell up as he recalled his ancestors' strength and determination to survive and fight for their lives.
Here is the translation of the text:

As a result, climbing, jumping, and swimming skills will receive a +5 bonus.

The second one is "Primitive Instinct" (Dex 3, Int 3, Wis 2). After casting, a blue-white energy ring appears above his head and passes through his body to his feet before disappearing. This spell summons the original power within him, giving him the instinct of his ancestors, and providing a +5 bonus to his performance in combat and survival.

The third one is "Primitive Sensory Perception" (Dex 4, Int 4, Wis 3). After casting, his eyes appear to have a cat-like translucent quality, shining brightly for a moment before gradually becoming invisible. This spell summons the original power of creation, giving him the senses of his ancestors, and providing a +5 level bonus to his performance in perception, listening, and scouting skills.

The last one is "Primitive Speed" (Dex 6, Int 6, Wis 4). After casting, a series of flames erupts from his shoulder, spreading to the ground and clinging to his limbs. This spell summons the natural reflexes of a hunter and prey, allowing him to increase his reflexes by 5 levels and enhance his speed.

This also allows his "Starlight Cloak" to become more effective in evading attacks, with a 100% chance to dodge physical damage.

Looking at these four spells alone, the key is that if you have two of them active at the same time, you can gain the 2nd-level barbarian profession and the 4th-level rogue ability "Intuitive Evasion".

This unique ability allows him to react to dangers before they become apparent, gaining an advantage when facing hidden enemies or unexpected attacks, and unleashing his agility.
Here is the translation:

While four spells are cast simultaneously, he can obtain the 5th-level barbarian ability "Intuitive Flash Evasion" and become immune to ambushes, making it easy to counterattack enemies from the opposite direction. Thus, the rogue can no longer rely on ambushes to sneak attack him.

If that's all there was to it, Zhao Xu would have stopped there. However, he also experimented with the concentration-requiring spell "Frenzied Rage".

This two-ring spell can only increase strength and vitality by 2 points, which is one level weaker than the original Frenzied Rage ability. Therefore, Zhao Xu rarely attempts to use it.

As for the five-ring spell "Courageous Frenzied Rage", it is genuine and has no aftereffects, increasing attributes by +4. However, the fact that he has used the spell before leaves a lingering effect, making his arm lines more prominent. At 43 strength and 19 vitality, he is already formidable among barbarians.

Only legendary monsters who have also taken on a barbarian profession can surpass him.

With the "Primitive Combination" that grants him a quality similar to that of a barbarian, it is no surprise that Zhao Xu is considered a barbarian.

In fact, a 20th-level barbarian would possess abilities such as "Lightning Speed", "Ultimate Frenzied Rage" (six times), trap sense +6, damage reduction 5/-, and unwavering determination, as well as Intuitive Flash Evasion.

Zhao Xu can mimic all of these abilities using spells.

He can surpass a barbarian and even resemble one.

This is the foundation of a mage's "Domain", which Zhao Xu has excavated to a high level.

"I am not a barbarian," Zhao Xu said with a smile, shaking his head.

He doesn't have much to show off at his own camp, which is too low-level.
Here is the translation of the text:

Currently, he may not have such thoughts, but the high-ranking officials in the entire Yanan region are still under the feudal regime, and the concept of "whatever is under the sky belongs to the king, and whoever lives by the river is the king's subject" has been tacitly accepted. Many people in Yanan feel that they are subjects of the Zhou kingdom.

Although Zhao Xu hasn't publicly acknowledged it, most residents of Yanan unconsciously believe that Yanan is the Zhou kingdom. This can't be erased by civilian education and democratic awareness.

When Zhao Xu answered, the barbarian player who was originally enthusiastic suddenly looked embarrassed, but he still warmly invited Zhao Xu to come up and told the students below about the characteristics of barbarian players and the specific training methods.

At this time, Zhao Xu was also observing the teaching methods of the players below and conducting an investigation.

Therefore, he didn't resist at all and became a "barbarian" template, participating in this teaching.

It was just that he didn't get a script for his "private visit" to write.

The students below were thinking about the barbarian profession, which is the most critical and important profession - ferocity.

Everyone was eagerly waiting for the barbarian instructor on stage to show off.

"Don't rush," the barbarian instructor said, sighing as he gazed at the muscular lines on Zhao Xu's body, and secretly guessed that he was a warrior player with a strength of 18.

Even a player who registered an account just a day ago with 32 points of attribute would have to pay a high price to upgrade to 18 points of attribute over the next three days.

A strength of 18 points represents that the remaining mental attribute is only 8 points, which is almost disabled. Low charisma, low perception, low agility, and low intelligence are all disabled, and it's just a foolish big guy.
Here is the translation of the text:

The wild man player looked at Zhao Xu's agile movements, thought to himself that he must have equipped an upgraded agility-enhancing gear, then turned his head and explained to the students.

"Don't think that going berserk is a trivial thing. When you first master this ability at level 1, you can only go berserk once a day. Later, every 4 levels, you'll get an additional chance, and it will continue until level 20, when you'll have 6 chances."

As the wild man player's loud voice echoed, even students who were not studying the same profession began to gather around to listen.

Knowing the wild man's ability and getting information about it meant that they could conduct targeted attacks in the future.

"I activated my 'berserk' ability during a battle with undead creatures. At that moment, my strength, vitality, and morale all increased by 4 points, and my willpower also increased by 2 levels. My defense decreased by about 2 levels."

"Everyone knows that there are few ways to enhance attributes, which is also the reason why players are now at the top. Even without profession abilities, relying on attributes, they are still in the 'superhuman' range. So, adding up the 8 points of attributes, strengthening close combat output, and strengthening life and resilience, it often determines the outcome of victory, which is also the reason why wild men are considered the best close combat profession at low levels."

As soon as the wild man player finished speaking, everyone seemed to be drawn in by his words.

The workers listening on the side couldn't help but imagine themselves with an additional 4 points of vitality and 4 points of strength, showing greater bravery in some way.

Many men immediately flashed a knowing smile.

But the wild man player quickly poured cold water on the situation, "However, I also need to tell you about the weaknesses of going berserk ——"

"It's unsustainable."
Here is the English translation of the text:

"So, you can put away your laughter. Let's not talk about our wild strength outside of balance, escape, intimidation, and riding skills. We can't use those skills that hang charms, agility, intelligence, and patience require the same attention. Forget about casting spells, let alone triggering wands, as these are often fatal mistakes."

The audience nodded in agreement, and the mage's ferocity was evident. "Moreover, the duration of our wild strength is adjusted by 3 rounds, so even with 18 attributes, it's only 7 rounds, or 42 seconds, and we can't even last a minute. Not to mention that after our wild strength ends, we become exhausted, and our strength and agility will decrease by 2 points, and we can't even sprint or run, so generally, we can only use our wild strength once in a battle."

"This is also the reason why I still have one more wild strength left on me."

As he finished speaking, the crowd who were entranced by the wild strength suddenly woke up. "I thought it was the end of the world, but it's just a few dozen seconds, and then it's over."

"It's too embarrassing. This wild strength is just a joke."

Just as the barbarian player was about to retort, a man in a militia uniform suddenly ran up and shouted, "Mr. Iron, this is your recovery material, please use it, and I'll pass it on to the next one."

As he spoke, he handed over a "Secondary Revival Spell" wand.

Zhao Xu also glanced at the barbarian player, who had entered the public service sequence in the Yalan system, with a rare game ID that was mostly old and genuine.

Unbeknownst to the barbarian Iron, he scratched his head awkwardly and said, "My real name is Iron."

He then skillfully wielded the wand in his hand, which looked like a freshly picked branch, and preached to the students below: "Just now, we saw that I was injured in battle."
Here is the translation:

As he said, he pointed to the bandaged wound on his body, which was still oozing blood.

Fortunately, the medical skills of doctors on Earth had not been lost, and most of them had directly converted into practical "medical" skills, so the emergency treatment on the battlefield was not too severe an issue.

"Everyone knows that Arthur has a treatment spell, and even if you're on the verge of death from a severe bleeding wound, as long as it's not a level of amputation, it can be saved by different levels of 'Treatment X' spell. This is something we're proud of, and it's undeniable that the strength of the spell is unmatched in modern medicine."

"However, it's a pity that Arthur is not like playing a game where you have a designated healer in a party of four. Even if there is such a designated healer, the treatment spell is not effective. So, many times, the wounded can't recover quickly. Most people can only rely on bed rest to recover, recovering 1-2 HP per day, and barely hanging on."

"However, things are different now." The barbarian instructor raised his staff in his hand, which he had used before.

But this time it's free!

"This is the recovery item given by our guild to participating members - the Secondary Revival Staff. Using it is like receiving the 'Secondary Revival' spell. During the 10+x turns (x equals the caster's level, capped at level 5) of the spell, I will gain the ability to 'Quick Medical Treatment 1'. So, this staff can restore 11 HP to me each time, and by the second time, my HP will be full."
Here is the translation of the text:

"I'm telling you this because this magic wand costs 750 gold coins and can be used 50 times. This method, which can only restore life after a battle, costs 15 gold coins per use, and it takes 11 seconds to restore 11 HP. The cost of each HP is 1.36 gold coins."

The apprentices and craftsmen around him took a deep breath. Because they earned less than one gold coin a day, even in other countries of King Arthur. Trained mercenaries earned three silver coins a day, while untrained ones earned one silver coin a day.

"Ah, you finally understand how painful it is to spend 1.36 gold coins for one HP. You must know how hard it is to earn a living and how impossible it is to afford the 'Revival' spell," said the barbarian player with a gloomy look.

He then waved his wand and started to remove the bandages on his body, revealing the wounds inflicted by undead creatures. However, under the "green light" emitted by the magic, the wounds healed instantly, and even the scars disappeared.

"It takes more than a month to undergo the process of shedding skin and growing new skin, but it's completed in just one minute. It's even more miraculous than the most advanced beauty treatments in hospitals."

The barbarian player then pulled out a small glass bottle from his pocket and said, "This 'Light Wound Recovery Potion' can instantly recover 2-9 HP (1D8+1) when consumed. However, it costs 50 gold coins, which is equivalent to 5.5-25 gold coins per HP."
Here is the translation:

"After the war, you don't need to use substandard recovery potions, but you'll have to lie in bed for a month before you can go on an adventure. If you don't drink these healing potions during battles, you might stay there forever."

At this point, the barbarian player, Tie Man, revealed a deep smile, saying, "Adventure is, in essence, burning money. Have you all really prepared yourselves mentally to become professionals?"

As Tie Man spoke, he noticed that Zhao Xu had not paid much attention to the "battle precious resources" healing potion in his hand, realizing that his opponent must have some good stuff. He then quietly approached and said, "Comrade, if you also have such good stuff, feel free to take it out and let these newbies take a look."