
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 654: The Messenger of Diemo Goren

At this time, Zhao Xu had his head bowed, gazing at the small warm creature beneath him, and no one could guess what he was preparing or concocting.

A level 51 HD evil spirit was required for an evil being to possess such a spirit. The ancient dragon, however, only had 41 HD. As for magical items, only those with a level 21 or higher could emit such a glow. Undead beings could reach this level with 21 HD. If it was an evil being from another dimension or an evil cleric, they could achieve this with 11 HD, and their own danger would be able to withstand it.

After completing his preparations, Zhao Xu continued to say:

"The small warm creature should have been possessed by a demon."

"What do you mean, possessed by a demon?"

This somewhat novel concept left everyone stunned. However, regardless of how it sounded, it would not be a pleasant thing to hear.

"What does this mean?" Zhao's mother asked, unable to help herself.

Although in her heart, Zhao Xu had always been the kind of child who would run after her, Zhao's mother had seen him change after his journey through the spiritual realm. She had seen him stand before her, his head bowed in humility, and no matter how hard she thought, she finally understood that her son was no longer the same. The secrets hidden within him far exceeded her imagination.

Possession by a demon was nothing new to Zhao Xu. He had once experienced a similar phenomenon - "The Holy Spirit's Possession." During that time, he had received the possession of the divine spirit, Altoriel, and had gained an increase in his stats while also mastering the Nine-Ring Divine Art.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the battle of Zhaixing Lake, it's a matter of who can react the fastest, no one is invincible.

At this moment, looking at the unfamiliar gaze of the people, Zhao Xu waved his hand to signal the guards standing at the door to come over. He instructed, "Write down the characteristics of the monster I described, and then hand it over to them for publication throughout the realm."

As he spoke, he slightly bent his knees and grasped the cold hands of the girl, Little Nuan.

"When demons possess 4HD life dice or 13 charm, they may begin to awaken their supernatural abilities, allowing them to possess other beings or objects."

"Are you saying that Little Nuan has been possessed by a demon?" Liu Auntie's eyes widened in shock.

It's hard to imagine that her daughter, who was extremely well-protected every day, would be tainted with the evil demon.

After just two or three weeks of time travel, Arthurs, who were familiar with the notorious evil biota, had experienced it firsthand.

The remaining ones in line were the evil dragon, demon, and devil.

Who would have thought that the demon was so close to the crowd at this moment?

In an instant, everyone took a few steps back towards the direction away from the girl.

Zhao Xu also revealed a hint of admiration in his eyes and continued to say, "Demon possession can be said to be an extremely powerful concealment method. At this moment, the demon's true body will be in an unconscious state, while the detached spirit enters the biological body, and most ordinary methods cannot affect the possessed demon."

"Most spells or attacking methods targeting demons will only affect the biological or material body itself."

As he spoke, Zhao Xu scanned the pale faces of the people.

After his words, it seemed that Little Nuan had been sentenced to death.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's even more exaggerated that a demon can maintain a virtual body state for almost an unlimited period of time, and during this period, its true body does not need to eat. However, it can only be killed by directly attacking its true body or by being in an extremely harsh environment.

As for the virtual body itself, even if it is destroyed, it can quickly recover within a week from the demon's true body. Therefore, demonic possession is also a favorite method of the demon.

"Ah, Xiaoxi, do you mean that only by finding the demon's true body can we force the demon to leave Little Nu's body?" At this moment, Zhao Mu looked at her sister, Liu Aji, with a hand that was almost icy cold, and couldn't help but feel a pang in her heart.

Zhao Xiaoxi nodded slightly.

"If the demon's true body is disturbed, it's indeed possible that its virtual body will immediately return and restore consciousness."

"However, generally speaking, demonic possession abilities are only limited to the spiritual realm or the physical plane. Therefore, the demon that has possessed Little Nu is hiding in Arthur's somewhere."

As Zhao Xiaoxi said this, he looked at Liu Aji and asked, "As for demons, there are many more of them in the depths of the abyss than there are on our Earth. But in this Arthur, I've only seen a few of them until now."

"So, did Little Nu recently come into contact with something unusual?"

At this point, Zhao Xiaoxi's tone became serious.

For a demon to possess someone, it must first physically touch the target in its virtual body form.

As a woman, Little Nu is not someone who has been seasoned or has a strong mind, and she is not able to withstand the difficulty of demonic possession. However, demonic possession is not an unbeatable strategy.

Just like how I chose magic, I first chose "protection from evil" and later gave the Zheng family a "sacred residence" that also included a "counter-evil spell array".

As long as we are under the protection of these spells, we will not be affected by any demonic possession."
Here is the translation:

At this moment, the Zhao family's residence was protected by sacred power. Some evil beings from other realms and ghostly bodies couldn't withstand the magical resistance and couldn't even enter this area.

Liu Auntie was bewildered, shaking her head, "Won't do, since crossing over, Little Warm has barely left my sight. Most of the time, she's been working with everyone else."

"What do you mean?" Zhao Xia asked, and Zhao Mother suddenly understood what Zhao Xia was implying.

It wasn't just a simple inquiry.

"Little Warm may have been possessed by an evil spirit, and there might be some hidden circumstances."

Zhao Xia smiled and said, "I'm not sure about that."

"However, if an evil spirit uses a ghostly body to possess a human, it can rely on its stealthiness to directly pass through the anti-evil array or prohibition spells of a sacred temple or church."

As Zhao Xia spoke, he gazed at the girl below with a more intriguing expression, "Of course, that includes us here."

"It's even more so that the entity can read the thoughts of the possessed person, such as detecting thought magic. Meanwhile, it can also share auditory and visual senses and even communicate with the host through telepathy."

"What about Little Warm? Why did she eat her meal and then suddenly stiffen and fall to the ground, and then remain unconscious like this?" Liu Auntie heard about her daughter's ordeal and felt a sharp pain in her heart, even though there was no apparent physical harm.

Zhao Xia extended his hand and wiggled his fingers on top, "Generally speaking, an evil spirit will have six roles to play towards a host."

"Friend, controller, enemy, whisperer, passenger, or shape-shifter."
Here is the translation of the text:

"The most common case is the first three, so some people who are obsessed with gaining powerful strength will voluntarily invite demonic possession. However, the most tragic case is the shape-shifter, as the demon will transform the host into its own demonic form to gain a foothold in the material world."

"What about Xiao Nuan?" Mrs. Zhao suddenly asked, her eyes looking a bit troubled.

It's obvious that if someone cannot accept the fact of being possessed and voluntarily accepts the demon's power, then they would be like Dongguo Mr.

"I suspect it's a passenger," Zhao Xu whispered quietly.

"Just riding on the victim without leaving any clues about their own existence, and then entering the sanctuary through hypnotic trance."

"Of course, since demons are inherently chaotic, they rarely make their hosts feel too comfortable, and sometimes unexpected things can happen."

At this moment, Zhao Xu analyzed coldly, one word at a time.

"Because of the concealment, it's sometimes difficult for ordinary evil detection methods to detect the demon's presence. This demon just underestimated the difficulty of my magical defense, and it's still exposed to the evil light."

At this moment, Mrs. Liu looked at Zhao Xu with hope in her eyes, "Little Xu, can you help Aunt Liu? Little Nuan is really pitiful, she's still so young and beautiful..."

Zhao Xu consoled, "Aunt Liu, don't worry."

"After all, what I said is based on speculation. It's true or false, and it needs to be verified."

"What method is that?" one of Zhao Xu's cousins asked beside him.

"Exorcism."

After saying this word with a cold tone, the atmosphere became chilly, and Zhao Xu then used his finger to draw on Xiao Nuan's limbs and flipped up her shirt to observe her neck.
Here is the translation of the text:

On the contrary, his method is more like a "forensic" examination.

"It's good that there's no characteristic of demonic possession, and I don't have to go through the rebirth channel," Zhao Xu analyzed.

"Generally, demons have cunning personalities, and their attachment to a host state puts them in a position that is both safe and fragile. Therefore, whenever a demon appears, it tends to flee its target rather than directly switching hosts."

As Zhao Xu continued to explain, he looked at the crowd, "So, the most professional way to do this job is through a 'Holy Exorcist'."

The 1st-level ability of a Holy Exorcist is to possess the abilities "Exorcism" and "Dispersal of Undead Beings".

"Exorcism" is a typical demon-exorcising ability.

However, the Holy Exorcist is a popular advanced class because it can also be a non-damage divine spellcaster.

For example, scholars like Zhao Xu who do not have a 1st-level pastor, they are likely to advance to a Holy Exorcist to obtain the ability "Dispersal of Undead Beings".

This ability is the key to the "Red Jade Seal" divine energy and is also the key to combining "Divine Magic" with "Spellcasting Endurance".

For players who want to build a formation battle card, the question is no longer whether a profession is suitable, but whether it has a free ability that can be obtained at a low cost.

Unfortunately, after the players' crossover, this approach has been largely discontinued, and such benefits are no longer available.

Zhao Xu, who was thinking about this, also noticed that Xiao Nuan's fingers suddenly moved slightly.

He didn't point it out, but continued to explain, "However, even without a Holy Exorcist, I can still use my skills, such as banishing, expelling, and canceling magic."
Here is the translation:

"Even the 'Anti-Evil Law Array' in this room can suppress this demon, but it seems that the effect is general and can't hold out for long."

As Zhao Xu grasped Xiao Nuan's hand, he shouted:

"Force Ball!"

In an instant, a force field sphere barrier stood firmly around Zhao Xu, precisely separating him from Xiao Nuan and everyone else.

This force ball, which cannot be penetrated by any means, can only be destroyed by the Staff of Erasure, the Staff of Negation, the Disintegration Technique, or Targeted Disintegration Magic.

Therefore, it is the most solid barrier at this moment.

Zhao Xu thought to himself, "What a coincidence that I encountered the demon's possession at the moment I was planning to go to the Abyss. Is it fate or intentional?"

Zhao Xu then threatened the possessed demon with a cold smile:

"In this barrier, I'll destroy you, and then I'll have enough time to find your true body in the material world and destroy it. You can just go back to the bottom of the Abyss and become a worm."

Just then, the originally comatose girl suddenly stood up, her eyes flashing with the pattern of a snake's fang.

She spoke in a low, hollow tone:

"Mr. Zhongxia, why so angry? I only represent my master, and I come to propose a transaction with you."

"A transaction about making you the ruler of the world."

"It seems that you are the master of the six-armed snake demon, and your position is not low."

Zhao Xu laughed and asked:

"My master is the ruler of the 88th layer of the Saltwater Swamp in the Abyss, the future ruler of the infinite Abyss, Di Mo Gao Gen. I only represent him here to greet you."