
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 098: Nine Swords

"Ah, Xun Shen, are you going online so early tonight?" Zhang Qi looked at Zhao Xun, who had logged off at around 10 pm, curious about the sudden departure.

Zhao Xun's online and offline times have been quite regular lately, and today he was even earlier than yesterday.

After being driven out of the mine by Lawry, the team didn't have much to say, and they just set up camp nearby, waiting for the next day to set out.

Zhao Xun, on the other hand, wanted to log off to check some data and get a head start.

"Hey, Qi, have you heard about anyone leveling up to 2nd level recently?" Zhao Xun asked, casually searching for keywords on the forum while he was offline.

Zhao Xun usually browsed the forum mostly during his offline time.

As a result, he could often get exclusive information from Zhang Qi that he couldn't find on the forum.

"Ah, yes, there are some 2nd-level players, and even some warriors who have reached the 3rd level threshold. Yesterday, I think there was also a player named Wuyu who leveled up to 2nd level first. However, I'm sure there aren't any 2nd-level mages, or they would have been blown up by now."

"Right now, everyone knows that even if you have the experience to level up to 2nd level, you need to complete your skill points and specialties first. So the first-ranked mage has gone back to school for further studies. The other mages in the team are still working on their skills and specialties, but there are only a few examples of those who have completed everything. However, there aren't enough experience points."

"However, I've heard that some mage players are already fed up with this profession and plan to merge their accounts and protest to the TC."
Here is the translation of the text:

While Zhao Xu was thinking, he had been busy for a few days and was concerned with the adventurous content and memory magic. Unexpectedly, the player's progress was much slower than he had imagined.

He didn't even realize that he was ranked among the top players in the world.

Zhao Xu was a dual-elite player, and his abilities were calculated by taking the best of two professions. His skill points were based on the 6 points of the Monk profession, not the 2 points of the ordinary wizard, and with the quadruple bonus at level 1, he essentially had 16 more skill points than a wizard of the same intelligence.

In addition, he had two extra specialized skills, which made him put in more effort than other players from the beginning.

However, Zhao Xu didn't mind this sweet burden, and he was eager to have more.

Just two "Precognitive" and "Multi-Applicator" specialized skills allowed him to break free from the predicament of having to determine the spellcasting order in advance.

It can be said that Zhao Xu's wizard was superior in terms of freedom compared to the spontaneous wizards.

Other wizards had to allocate their limited spell slots to distribute the ratio of damage spells, control spells, and defensive spells, and in critical situations, they could only sigh at the useless spells.

Therefore, wizards could only break free from this straitened situation when their levels were high and their spell slots were abundant.

"Xiao Shao, I recently discovered that everyone is going crazy playing this game," Zhang Qi said, pointing to his mouse. "Many people have become addicted and can't even finish their homework. Even my neighbor, Liu, has started dating his girlfriend in the game."

"What about Shen Nan? He's been playing Saint Warrior for a few days and has gone a bit crazy. Normally, he would come back and do his homework, but recently, he's been copying the teachings of the Just God," Zhang Qi exaggerated, saying.
Here is the translation of the text:

Chen Sīnán is indeed the most diligent in their dormitory study, but his family background is ordinary, and he can only hurry to graduate and work. As for Zhao Xu and Zhang Qi, they are not focused, and only Liu Hánqián, who comes from a bureaucratic family, chooses to pursue a master's degree.

"Zhang Qi, what about you?" Zhao Xu asked, looking at Zhang Qi. "What are your plans?"

"Plans? What plans can I have? I can just get my graduation certificate, and my father will be overjoyed," Zhang Qi laughed, saying that his father, a wealthy man, had arranged for him to study abroad, but he didn't know that Zhang Qi's high school entrance examination had exploded.

"I'm talking about your in-game route," Zhao Xu said suddenly, looking at Zhang Qi with a serious expression.

He looked at Zhang Qi, who was still looking carefree, and his expression overlapped with the memory of the warrior Zhang Qi, who was strong and determined.

"What can I do? Just follow the routine, and each level can get a specialty. I think it's pretty cool," Zhang Qi said with a satisfied expression.

When Zhao Xu heard this, he couldn't help but recall that Zhang Qi had used this reason to convince him to choose the warrior class, rather than Chen Sīnán's Saint Warrior.

Zhao Xu smiled and said, "Have you thought about part-time work? Even leveling up?"

Humans have fewer part-time jobs than other species, and Zhang Qi won't have many disadvantages.

"Ah, the teachings of Saint Warriors and Buddhist monks are not suitable for me, and I'm definitely not strong enough. Barbarians are too stupid, and I don't like it. As for the few mages, I have no idea how to handle it," Zhang Qi said, who had researched this topic on the forum.

"It is said that on the eastern continent, there is a new profession system called 'Nine Swords'... Have you heard of it?" Zhao Xu said, with a mysterious tone.

...

That night, Zhao Xu logged back in, and everyone had fallen asleep from exhaustion.
Here is the translation of the text:

As he reached into his Howard backpack for his sleeping bag, he suddenly felt an inner request connecting him to the world - "Mage 'Layn' requests a 'soul link' communication from you." Zhaoxu looked around, but there was no one in sight. He pulled out the staff from his backpack and agreed to the communication.

"What's the matter?" he asked, frowning.

"It's not that I have anything to say, but I have some unfinished business," Layn said. "I've shared too many secrets with you, and I forgot to give your partner, Maple Leaf, the antidote to break the curse."

Zhaoxu suddenly remembered that he had forgotten to ask Layn to cast the spell to break the curse.

"That's not possible?" Zhaoxu asked.

"Of course not," Layn replied.

"But don't you have a spell to cast from a distance?" Zhaoxu recalled some spells that could be cast over a distance, but at least you had to see the opponent.

"Yes, there are spells to cast from a distance, but the spell to remove the curse requires physical contact," Layn said with a hint of mockery.

"That's it, I'm going to sleep?" Zhaoxu asked.

"What a rude kid, I'm just trying to remind you to tell that Maple Leaf warrior to 'retire' or something, just in case," Layn said.

"I mean, he's going to get into trouble?" Zhaoxu's face turned dark.

"I didn't say that, you said it yourself," Layn said.

Now, Maple Leaf is definitely fine, but one year later, players will lose their spiritual protection.
Here is the translation of the text:

As Zhao Xu frowned deeply, she thought about the name of Dema Gao Ge and realized that as a pastor, she was naturally favored by the goddess. However, even a year later, she couldn't find her. But after getting cursed by the maple leaf, she unexpectedly received some attention.

Thinking about this, Zhao Xu could only ask slowly, "You must have some business, Leiren the Great Mage."

"Ah, it's mainly that I don't understand something, and I won't sleep well tonight."

"What do you mean?" Zhao Xu asked, looking surprised.

"Why did you have the courage to fight with me back then?"

Zhao Xu laughed when she heard this. It turned out that it was like that.

"I have a prayer candle on my body," Zhao Xu still hid his third card.

"Prayer candle? I've never even touched something like that!"

"I knew that you guys would eventually roll up the scroll, one by one, and they were all shielding."

"I was protesting the princess treatment of An Ti Nina back then, and the association kicked me out, sending me to patrol the outside!"

Leiren the Great Mage's angry voice came, but Zhao Xu had already disconnected the link and snuggled into her sleeping bag.