
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 101: Charging Forward

As for the next leaf, he also reacted quickly, recognizing that the warriors attacking them were not strong, and their physical condition was much inferior.

He began to abandon his shield and directly wielded the giant sword with both hands, charging into battle with his powerful strength. The sword's wind was fierce and intimidating, scaring off many enemies.

The leaf and Rainbow continued to protect the surrounding escorts, and due to the mysterious power of "Rainbow Spraying", the enemies dared not approach closely, forming a true vacuum zone.

Zhao Xiu saw that the iron stone had already ridden a horse to the other side and had to join Leaf, Yu Yu, and the poet frog in attacking with Leaf.

"Just a minute, Mr. Zhong summer, do you still have that spell?" Leaf, who had just been stabbed by a warrior, panted and said, referring to the spell that had knocked down 4-5 enemies.

The group in front was engaged in a fierce battle, especially since the enemy outnumbered them. Zhao Xiu's escorts were mostly injured.

"I do have it, but this spell doesn't distinguish between friend and enemy," Zhao Xiu smiled wryly.

To make the spell recognize the target and strike, he would have to advance his spell defense.

Suddenly, Zhao Xiu's mind flashed with an idea.

His "Rainbow Spraying" was not a fatal spell, but a powerful control spell.

These enemies were all level 1, with only 1 hit point die - 1 HD. As long as they were hit and not saved, they would be stunned for 4-13 rounds.

Zhao Xiu immediately shouted, "Leaf, get out of the way, you guys."
Here is the translation of the text:

As he finished speaking the incantation, a "Rainbow Spray" spell burst out and landed in the midst of a crowd of over 20 people engaging in a fierce battle. In the midst of the chaotic crowd, a few nimble individuals spotted the rainbow and quickly scattered. However, this was no place for them to make a big move, and they were all caught by the spell, which covered a relatively small area. On the spot, more than seven-tenths of the people collapsed, leaving only a few standing. However, after the five of them closed in, the situation suddenly turned around. A warrior wielding a sword, who had managed to survive the spell, was suddenly knocked down by a massive sword wielded by Maple Leaf, and fell to his knees. The poet also shot an arrow at him. After dealing with a few of the enemy warriors, the mercenaries quickly attended to the fallen enemies, but their method of binding prisoners was far more brutal than that used by Zhao Xu and his companions. This realization struck Zhao Xu, who understood that these smugglers' bodyguards were all seasoned veterans, and that was why they had maintained such a stubborn resistance.

"Be careful, he's coming!" Yao Yao suddenly noticed Iron Stone, who was riding a horse and charging towards them, shouting loudly. Zhao Xu immediately turned his attention to the distant figure, where smoke was billowing due to the horse's hooves. Iron Stone had already noticed the abnormality and was approaching them, his mouth bleeding. Although he had paid a price to deal with Luo Ya, he still had enough life force and the heavy armor on his body to allow him to take on the annoying flies in his eyes, especially the one with magical abilities. Iron Stone directly controlled his horse and accelerated towards them, his entire body armor and long spear combo allowing him to be fierce and unstoppable, exuding an aura of "I'll never surrender".
Here is the translation of the text:

"Hurry up and get out of the way!" Warrior Maple quickly lifted the original shield that was stuck in the ground, which was high enough to cover a person's shield.

He carried the shield and faced the Iron Stone, determined to face the charge head-on.

Zhao Xiaoyu saw this and also hastily withdrew from the charging trajectory of the Iron Stone.

Even if he leveled up again, his life value would not be able to withstand the double damage caused by the charging lance.

Zhao Xiaoyu retreated while pulling out the orange-yellow crystal ore from his backpack, gently holding it in his fist, and then releasing it again.

In an instant, the crystal ore was as if being pulled by a thin thread, wrapping around his entire body and finally stabilizing its trajectory on his head.

At this time, although Zhao Xiaoyu had only leveled up to 2nd grade, his spellcaster level had been boosted to 3rd grade under the influence of the crystal ore.
All his spells were now calculated at 3rd grade.

As Zhao Xiaoyu dodged, Iron Stone's mouth, wearing a helmet, twisted with a mocking smile, relying on his riding skills, he kicked his horse to change direction, and relying on the horse's exhaustion, he changed his trajectory to charge at Zhao Xiaoyu.

The horse's hooves flew rapidly on the rocky ground, almost passing by Maple, who had already set up his shield.

Iron Stone knew that there was only one spellcaster in the field, Zhao Xiaoyu.
Although he thought that the opponent should not be able to cast spells again, he was afraid of the spellcaster and thought it was better to kill him.
As he saw the charge change direction, Zhao Xiaoyu finally realized that the opponent was not a simple warrior, but probably a warrior.

Zhao Xiaoyu quickly dodged to the side, his hands beginning to wave to cast spells.
Here is the translation of the text:

Originally standing in the corner, the rainbow saw this situation and bit its teeth, grasping its sword and flying towards Zhàoxù and Tiěshí between them, trying to block the opponent's deadly strike.

However, Tiěshí didn't pay any attention to it, and the warhorse under him was also wearing armor, suddenly taking off like a fist, as if striking out with a powerful punch.

The charging warhorse, like a wall, slammed into the rainbow, and the powerful collision force sent the rainbow flying, rolling on the ground several times.

In an instant, Zhàoxù's magic bullet also arrived.

Tiěshí just watched as the magical energy condensed into a bullet and struck his body.

But he didn't dodge, because he knew this was a necessary spell, and it was the only one in the scene that could definitely kill him.

In an instant, the magical energy inside Tiěshí's body exploded, causing his internal organs to twist together.

However, Tiěshí's mouth still had a smile, because he knew the magic bullet could only cause 1D4+1 damage (2-5 damage).

After the pain subsided, Tiěshí slowly regained his composure and looked at the system panel.

3 points of damage!

Only warriors like him could awaken such an information panel, and not even a martial arts master could do it.

Tiěshí laughed confidently, relying on the remaining 14 HP of his life value, which could withstand another 4 hits.

The problem was that the little boy in front of him could still shoot again?

This was his last level 1 spell, after all!

Suddenly, Tiěshí's original cruel smile stopped, and the same intense pain came again.

4 points of damage!

Tiěshí didn't care about his life value, which was down to 10 HP, and his eyes revealed an infinite killing intent, biting his teeth and preparing to launch another charge at Zhàoxù.
Here is the translation of the text:

After encountering the wandering mage, he realized that Zhao Xu's current magic level was already at level 3. This meant that he could cast two magic missiles simultaneously. However, his opponent's miracle-creating abilities had reached their limit!

The damage caused by the two magic missiles was only 4-10 HP, and there was a low probability that he would die from taking another magic missile. He believed that his opponent would be more anxious because he had been hit, which meant a 100% chance of death!

At this moment, Maple Leaf, the poet, and the wandering mage all rushed over to try to block Iron Stone, giving Zhao Xu some time to act.

Iron Stone continued to rely on his mount's speed and riding skills to create some distance. He then held up his long spear, with the sharp tip glinting as it pierced through countless hearts, and charged straight at Zhao Xu's face.

The distance between them was barely an arm's length, and it would take no more than an eyeblink to complete the attack.

Just as the wandering mage, Yu Yu, had begun to close her eyes, unable to bear the sight, she saw the mighty power of the holy warrior riding into battle.

With everyone's entanglement, Zhao Xu was now preparing to cast his second magic missile.

If he had enough life points, he could rely on his own focus skill to release the spell smoothly, even if he was wounded.

However, the long spear, with its 1D8 damage (1-8 damage), combined with Iron Stone's strength and the charging power, was enough to deliver a one-hit kill to Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu could only grit his teeth, trying to defend and dodge while also persisting in completing his spell.

He had to kill his opponent before the spear struck him.

Even though he had two magic missiles, he estimated that they were not enough to kill his opponent.

If not, Iron Stone, who had taken his magic missiles, would have already fled long ago.
Here is the translation:

At this critical moment, Zhao Xu suddenly entered a state of emptiness. All his consciousness converged into one.

He kept urging himself - he wanted to unleash a magic missile that could deal massive damage!

Suddenly, a surge of hot blood coursed through Zhao Xu's entire body, and two magic missiles were about to take off from the tip of his gun.

The force field's speed was far faster than the gun's speed!

Iron Stone had already made up his mind to kill Zhao Xu and then escape from the spot.

Although he was confident that no one around him could harm him, he would not put himself in a dangerous situation.

After taking two hits from the magic missiles, Zhao Xu's life gauge was already at a critical limit.

However, Iron Stone's face was filled with laughter as he absorbed the two magic missiles. The originally struggling crowd all stared blankly at Iron Stone.

Iron Stone's gun hand dropped, and the gun tip scraped against Zhao Xu's hairline as he fell off his horse and landed on the ground, motionless.

【Adventure Journal: You have used the magic missile spell on Iron Stone, and after the spell takes effect, the two missiles deal 10 points of damage to HP.】
【Hint: Potential Point: 1/5】