
Chapter 110: The Third Approach (Part 1)

In the Floating City, the Octagonal Tower, a week or so ago...

"Alright, these are the key points of our journey," Anniya finished explaining. She directly handed a secret silver chip to Zhao Xu, telling him to attach it to his wizard badge.

Zhao Xu took it and examined the intricate patterns on the chip. As soon as he flipped it over, he noticed that the reverse side was engraved with the words of the Association's Chief, Os. He was taken aback, not expecting him to have such a high-ranking card.

"You can try it out," Anniya replied briefly.

Just then, Anniya lightly bit her lower lip, looking at the badge, and didn't tell Zhao Xu the true meaning behind the secret silver chip.

"That's it, then?" Zhao Xu said.

He re-examined the two items given to him by Anniya - the Prayer Candle and the Defensive Wand - and prepared to put them in his backpack.

After Anniya's explanation, Zhao Xu had already understood the specific uses of these items. The Defensive Wand was designed to be used when he sensed something was off, while the Prayer Candle was a flip-the-table card that could decide the outcome of a battle.

As Zhao Xu packed his things, Anniya suddenly felt a pang of sadness. She thought it would be better to be more cautious.

"Don't move," she said.

Just as Zhao Xu was about to put the wand into his backpack's subspace, he looked up at Anniya with a questioning expression.

"I'll use a legendary spell on you," Anniya said.

Zhao Xu heard these words and his heart beat faster.
Here is the translation of the text:

The mystical lock that protects the floating city is the only legendary magic that Zhao Xu has ever touched.

Legendary magic is a type of magic that is developed by legendary mages themselves, above the level of nine-grade magic. Before the disaster, legendary magic was once rampant, causing the entire world to be on the verge of collapse.

It wasn't until after the disaster that the third-generation magic goddess reorganized the structure of legendary magic.

Currently, the legendary magic that is passed down or can be developed is no longer capable of achieving infinite or limited but sufficient results.

However, legendary magic has also begun to become more practical and less conceptual, no longer just a concept used to intimidate others, gradually becoming more practical.

"Legendary magic?" Zhao Xu repeated the term.

A nine-grade prayer spell had increased his intelligence by one point and even granted him eternal life.

So, what level of legendary magic can An Ti Nuo Ya's legendary magic reach? Zhao Xu couldn't even dare to imagine.

"Close your eyes and don't think too much," An Ti Nuo Ya said, despite intending to cast legendary magic on Zhao Xu, still maintaining a calm and peaceful expression, as if she were just drinking a cup of afternoon tea.

After Zhao Xu closed his eyes, he heard the chanting of the incantation for the first time, like a chorus singing in harmony.

The last time, when An Ti Nuo Ya cast the "Sea City Tower" spell, she only spent some time casting it, skipping over the elements of the spell like "posture" and "incantation".

Suddenly, a warm and comforting light shone on Zhao Xu's entire body.

He suddenly felt like a flood of scenes flashed through his mind, but he was completely unable to grasp them.

"It's done," An Ti Nuo Ya's voice echoed in Zhao Xu's ear once again.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu was a bit at a loss, his eyes widening in surprise.

Is that all?

The nine-level magic that wasn't surprising at all, sweeping across one side.

How did he feel about this legendary magic, lacking the heat of a bath and a tyrant?

As he looked at An Ti Nuo Ya, who was lost in thought, he realized that the legendary magic had probably been completed.

Half a minute later, Zhao Xu noticed that An Ti Nuo Ya's originally disordered breathing had started to stabilize.

At this time, An Ti Nuo Ya also opened her mouth and said, "Just now, I cast a prediction-type legendary magic on you, allowing you to see some of your near-future fate lines."

"Don't think too much about it, this is a very mediocre magic, requiring many clear preconditions and we both being involved parties, which barely allows us to see some traces. Even so, my intelligence has just barely been able to analyze too much."

Hearing these words and some habitual thoughts of a mage like Zhao Xu, he nodded slowly, having read several prediction-type books and beginning to understand An Ti Nuo Ya's intention.

He was designated by An Ti Nuo Ya to be sent to the Stormwind City and then return on his own strength.

This is a very clear designated task line, and it's only with this premise that the magic can be used to perceive one's future trajectory or calculate one's maximum possibility.

For example, An Ti Nuo Ya lets Zhao Xu walk from the corner of the room to the door and then don't move, and then she can see an image of Zhao Xu appearing at the door 30 minutes later.

As the prediction time is extended, various involved variables will suddenly surge, allowing only to see some possible results.

"Teacher, what is the result of this prediction?" Zhao Xu asked, raising his voice slightly.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ah, okay. I have some treasured items here, take one with you on the road, but remember that these items are very significant, even if you don't use them, you still have to return them to me later."

Anzhiya politely presented her solution.

When Zhao Xu heard this, he was taken aback, as if saying that he would give up halfway. Otherwise, what's the point of adding more pressure.

Mistral, on the other hand, didn't seem to care.

Even if a ninth-level spell like "Door to Another Dimension" couldn't save him, he wouldn't hesitate to give him some legendary items or divine artifacts to alleviate his anxiety.

It seemed that Anzhiya sensed Zhao Xu's abnormal emotions and realized that she had misinformed him. She opened her mouth to explain: "Not at all, I actually saw a scene where you returned safely."

"However, don't be overconfident, in reality, seeing you return safely is the normal result. This spell only reveals the most likely outcome, and it doesn't mean that other outcomes won't happen. If I foresaw that you couldn't return, I would let you give up this trial."

When Anzhiya spoke, Zhao Xu felt a sense of reassurance in his heart, at least it meant that his next trial would not be a dead-end situation.

Now it's up to each individual to decide.

At this point, Anzhiya had poured out some things from her dimensional bag onto the coffee table in front of the soft sofa.

Although Zhao Xu was clear that he only had the right to use these things, he still curiously examined these strange items.

"What is this?" Zhao Xu picked up a large pearl-like object, mainly because the transparent pearl inside occasionally flashed a dragon shadow, making him very curious.

Anzhiya looked at Zhao Xu, shaking her head. "This is a dragon pearl."

"A dragon pearl?" Zhao Xu realized that he had never heard of this name.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The Higher God Tool, which is possessed by the owner, can grant dragon defense and immunity, and also allows the owner to cast three dragon breaths per day and some related magical abilities."

At this moment, Anzhiya walked over softly, took the dragon bead from Zhao Xu's hand, and said calmly: "More importantly, it can control the giant dragon."

"This is something I accidentally dropped out, and it can't be used by you."

"...?"