
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 112: Secret Pain
Despite Zhao Xu's mental preparation, he was still taken aback when the middle-aged man in front of him claimed to be the ancient dragon of old. He had been given a textbook by Anzhi Noya when she taught him the third technique, and he had memorized the numerical values of these typical powerful monsters.

The numerical values of these monsters were not secrets, as monsters in Aether could level up just like players, and they could also master basic vocational skills. Therefore, relying solely on a textbook to grasp all the data of these monsters was like trying to catch fish in a dry riverbed.

This ancient dragon was born with 19 levels of mage and had also achieved a few levels of mage skills, making him a legendary mage. Zhao Xu was not intimidated by the opponent's "fierce" aura and simply smiled, thinking that the middle-aged man was not going to attack him with his dragon form or try to suppress him with flying magic.

"Ah, you seem to still have some guts and want to spar with me?" the middle-aged man, Campanas, smiled.

"Not daring," Zhao Xu also smiled and flipped over the floating disk, standing on the muddy ground that had been soaked by rainwater, with mud splashing onto his leather boots.

As dragons of the benevolent camp in the dragon tribe, they would often engage in negotiations before battles, using their intimidating presence and observation skills to gain the upper hand.
Here is the translation:

Do you notice how the rainwater has nourished the South Islet Forest? Can you imagine that this place was once a barren wasteland a thousand years ago? Gold Dragon Campas's eyes showed a deep thought.

"It wasn't until the entire Tian Duan mountain range was formed that the climate of this region changed. Eventually, during the peak of summer, heavy rainfall began to appear in this area. However, these rains, even if they are abundant, cannot make the forest more lush."

Listening to Gold Dragon Campas's lament, Zhao Xu nodded slightly, but he was not a climatologist and couldn't engage in a deep conversation with Gold Dragon Campas.

"Are the instructors all doing well?" Gold Dragon Campas suddenly asked softly.

Zhao Xu's heart trembled, and his piercing gaze met the ancient gold dragon's eyes. He replied softly, "The teacher is always quite happy."

Anzhiya knew that he had touched the dragon's pearl, so she was still at ease letting him pass through the whirlwind city, the Tian Duan mountain range, and on to Mistral. Shouldn't she have considered that?

Under the torrential rain, their voices were muffled.

The dragon tribe generally trains their listening, searching, and reconnaissance skills, and will reach their limits through training.

So, even if Zhao Xu could only whisper a sound that could only be heard if one's ear was pressed to one's lips, the ancient gold dragon in front of him could still understand what he was saying.

However, Zhao Xu didn't expect that he could also have a conversation with an ancient gold dragon over 1200 years old.

"I felt a repulsive aura when I flew over the merchant team's head, so I unleashed the dragon's power and didn't scare you, did I?" Gold Dragon Campas said.

Zhao Xu finally realized that he was the culprit who had brought calamity to the merchant team.
Here is the translation:

He didn't expect that just flying over in the sky would allow him to sense the aura of someone who had touched the dragon's pearl.

"Don't be nervous, I know that Anzhiya has a dragon pearl in her hand. The aura on your body is just from touching it, and I won't harm you," Kanpas, the golden dragon, sighed.

"Isn't it said that you will hate those who possess dragon pearls?" Zhao Xu suddenly asked.

Kanpas looked at Zhao Xu sideways, making Zhao Xu's heart skip a beat.

"Even if the dragons are benevolent, the gene for collecting treasures is still written in their bones. It's not just about the hatred between the dragons, but even if I can obtain a dragon pearl, it's already an unparalleled honor. If I can defeat your teacher, I will ask for that dragon pearl that has been passed down for countless years," Kanpas said calmly.

Unfortunately, Zhao Xu was not strong enough, and he would have definitely said something to the golden dragon before passing the test. However, he felt a sense of relief in his heart, and it was clear that the golden dragon's goal was not him.

"It seems that this venerable one has no other business, so I'll be on my way," Zhao Xu said, looking up at the sky, where the rain had slowed down a bit. However, he still felt it was too dangerous to stay beside a golden dragon.

"No, my purpose here is to find you," Kanpas said, looking at Zhao Xu with a serious expression, his eyes emitting a faint golden light.

"Earlier, I had something to attend to, but I didn't have time to come and find you. Now that you've left the merchant group, it's even better," Kanpas said.

"Find me?" Zhao Xu was surprised.

"No, someone entrusted me to give you something if I met you," Kanpas said, speaking in a gentle tone for the first time in a thousand years.
"Respected senior Kanpas, there should be quite a difference between our mages and warlocks, right?" Zhao Xu said, bowing his head. He didn't understand what the Golden Dragon wanted to teach him.
"Don't you have the candle of prayer to the gods?" Kanpas said, "If you need the assistance of the dragon race when opening the gate to the other world, you can call my true name. The level of the caster of that candle should be enough to summon me."
"After all, we have met, I am definitely more attentive to your needs than other summoned creatures. Even if your requests are excessive, I can still satisfy them," the ancient Golden Dragon Kanpas's words seemed to be promoting himself.
Zhao Xu was suddenly stunned.
An ancient Golden Dragon, who also mastered priest spells, was comparable to a priest who could cast ninth-level divine spells.
Other summoned creatures, at most, would provide limited services for him, and coming to the rescue was already a favor to the candle of prayer to the gods.
Extra requests for spellcasting services would generally not be met.
Otherwise, a mage who mastered the ninth-level "gate to the other world" spell, summoning a creature who also mastered "gate to the other world" and allowing the other to continue casting the spell, could go on indefinitely.
But according to this dragon's comrade, wouldn't he be able to demand that the other use the ninth-level spells he mastered?
It's like using the candle of prayer to the gods' ninth-level spell "gate to the other world" to exchange for several ninth-level spells.
"Senior Kanpas, I don't think our final scrolls should have such a big favor, right?" Zhao Xu said tactfully.
Zhao Xu never believed that the heavens would randomly hand him a pie.
"In the beginning of the Dragon War, I was controlled by the Dragon Ball. It was only after Antinoya obtained the Dragon Ball that she released me. So, under her request, it's fine if I didn't meet you, but once I did, I naturally had to help you," said the Golden Dragon Campus, quietly revealing its connection to Antinoya.

At this point, Zhao Xu no longer doubted anything and asked, "So, Senior Campus, what are you going to teach me?"

"Heh, have you heard of - transformation?"