
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 128 ID

Zhao Xu walked from the dormitory to the indoor court in the north area, struggling to finish reading the thread about the forum's online debate today.

However, he didn't expect the cause to be him.

In reality, Zhao Xu successfully activated his "transcription expertise" ability in the room on the second floor, which was not surprising at all.

After all, he had already reached level 2. As a 1st-level mage, he had only 3 zero-level spells and 1 1st-level spell slot. After leveling up, he gained 4 zero-level spell slots and 2 1st-level spell slots.

His spiritual energy was also replenished, and he was far more advanced than those who relied on their own potential to reach level 1 as a novice. This was also the way for all professionals in the future.

Otherwise, every time he leveled up, he had to go back to square one and redo everything, which was a bit stupid.

However, he spent 6 minutes transcribing a zero-level spellbook of "Reading Magic", which was a bit beyond his expectations.

The source of the forum debate was a male player's inquiry post.

The opponent didn't add any embellishments, simply describing his experience of participating in a test in Float City, during which he saw a mysterious mage player directly awaken the "transcription scroll" ability in 22 minutes.

Originally, he had no account, but he couldn't resist registering an account to ask a question in the forum, which could be considered a new record.

However, the replies below the post were highlighted in bold: "Please tell me, how do you master the 'transcription scroll' ability and transcribe spellbooks? Doesn't the opponent need to advance to level 1 mage with spell slots first?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"Haha, the top floor said that the Mistral's wizards may not need to use their spell slots to copy spell scrolls."

"Now, the current cloud players can draw very detailed pictures, and it's annoying."

"Weak weak said that there are people who have awakened some spell slots, very few, but not none."

"Now, the current washing and pasting are so clean and simple, I beg for an introduction to work, I'm poor."

"Last time, I blew up a day as a pastor, and now I come again after blowing up 22 minutes, I wonder what records are left on the forum, oh, that's the record of the one who mastered the most spells?"

"@Little Red Heart, Red Heart Big Boss, your 16 spell records may not be enough, hurry up and copy a few more. So as not to let someone say they have mastered 20 spells tomorrow."

The post has been locked by the moderator and cannot be replied to, and the moderator has also added a note "False Post".

This behavior has ignited the fire, and it has also led to the initial posts seen by Zhao Xuan.

Zhao Xuan felt that he was an outsider, and these water posts were quite interesting to him.

It's just meaningless, he thought that instead of wasting time, he could level up a level.

However, he finally understood why this chain reaction occurred.

In the past, Mistral indeed recruited many elite wizard apprentices, but in terms of teaching methods and approaches, Mistral was much stricter than other wizard academies on the mainland.

Meanwhile, the wizard players in Mistral's floating city felt different from others and did not actively proclaim it.

However, Zhao Xuan felt that someone was praising him, but it ended up being ridiculed and questioned, and finally, the post was locked, and he didn't even get a chance to respond, which was quite pitiful.
Here is the translation:

After thinking about it, he still logged onto his own account, "Dong Cheng Rui", and simply analyzed a few sentences, hinting at the existence of some occupational variations, and the possibility of sacrificing "copybook" ability to upgrade later and obtain a specialty.

After editing the post for a few sentences, Zhao Xu published it.

However, Zhao Xu didn't expect that just a few minutes after he posted it, the post was promoted by the moderators who were paying special attention to him.

Suddenly, a flurry of replies appeared below.

"These are probably organized, right? Wave after wave, no end?" "Suggestion to the upstairs poster, wear glasses and take a look at the poster and the current top reply author?" "Worship the poster, suspect internal personnel." "Oh no, is it really 22 minutes?" "I don't know if it's true, but the person who doubted the original post has been swollen and exhausted for days, and several don't log in anymore."

At this time, Zhao Xu entered the playground, noticing that the class competition had reached the last round, and he directly sat down behind Zhang Qi.

"Hey, Xu, you're only coming now."

Although Zhang Qi was a substitute, he had also entered the game a few minutes ago, and was soaked in sweat. Seeing Zhao Xu, he still didn't forget to greet him.

Zhao Xu just smiled and nodded.

At this time, several classmates from the same class looked at Zhao Xu with a curious gaze.

Zhao Xu had not attended most of the lessons for a whole month, except for a few serious courses. He had not participated in class activities, and was like a drifting vagabond.

Even in the popular game "Arthur" in the class, no one had teamed up with Zhao Xu.

Over time, everyone had almost forgotten about him.
Here is the translation of the text:

Learning, sports, games, and social clubs are four things that seem unrelated once you get to college, and it's easy to become invisible. Just then, the class valedictorian and basketball star Li Tiange walked onto the court, replacing Zhang Qi.

Li Tiange also took Zhang Qi's original position and saw Zhao Xu sitting beside him without acknowledging him. He couldn't help but smile and say, "Zhao Xu, I've heard you're really into 'Arthur' lately. What level are you at?"

The players on the bench turned around and glanced at Li Tiange, feeling that he was a bit strange. Almost everyone in the team was at level 1, and what was there to ask about? If someone was level 2, then today the team would only have one greeting for him - "Big shot, take me along."

Zhao Xu didn't seem to care and simply replied, "I'm still training."

"Hey, I'm saying that it's useless to die-hard about a profession. Just look at Lü Lü, who just switched to the Ranger profession because she finds it too hard to play as a mage," Li Tiange said with a smug look.

Li Tiange glanced at Zhao Xu, "But my mage training is almost complete, and I can teach you some experience. These are things I've learned from a few level 1 mages I've met. Do you want to hear them?"

Zhao Xu suddenly looked puzzled and asked, "Aren't you the one who couldn't memorize zero-level spells and wanted to give up?"

He remembered half a month ago when Zhang Qi told him about this incident. How did Li Tiange's current statement not match up? Moreover, Li Tiange was clearly practicing Ranger previously, but now he's still trying to master mage?

Zhao Xu was confused, wondering where the world had gone wrong. He just hadn't had any contact with Li Tiange several times. Suddenly, Li Tiange's face turned red with embarrassment.
Here is the translation of the text:

He was said to be obsessed with becoming a wizard, but he never gave up even when others laughed at him. However, his persistence didn't yield any results. He lived in a separate dormitory building, making it difficult for him to meet up with Zhao Xu. Now that Zhao Xu was finally willing to join him, it was the perfect opportunity to persuade him to give up on his wizard ambitions.

Li Tiange, who had never forgotten the enthusiastic support Cui Lu had shown Zhao Xu when they first entered college, couldn't help but feel uneasy about Zhao Xu's newfound skills. If Zhao Xu had truly mastered the wizard profession, it would only make him more arrogant. Zhao Xu simply shook his head, indicating he didn't need any persuasion.

By this time, Li Tiange's gaze had shifted back to the game, and he wasn't paying much attention to Zhao Xu's words. "Why don't you delete your character and come to Winter City with me? I can take you along and we can play a game together. You can try out a warrior class and team up with Cui Lu to take down monsters - it'll be really intense!"

"You want to be a wizard? Well, you should pay more attention to the principles of magic spells. That way, you'll have a better understanding of them. After all, you're a top student," Zhao Xu said, trying to persuade him as a friend.

Li Tiange suddenly got angry and retorted, "What nonsense! You're telling me to study hard, but you're the one who's been running errands for me and watching the NPCs."

Li Tiange was taken aback, realizing he had spoken too quickly. He had intended to provoke Zhao Xu, but in the heat of the moment, he blurted out his response instead. Now, he didn't know how to backtrack. He decided to change the subject, saying, "Anyway, this game should be set up like this. Let's take a look at the magic spells - it's a nice sound effect, and the prompt already indicates that you've learned the spell."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Besides, we need to list out all the spells, and NPCs are asking us to do it carefully, not to leave out any. If we don't finish writing down the spells, they won't let us leave."

Zhao Xu heard this and couldn't help but stroke his hair, which he had just styled. He felt that Li Tian Ge's approach was somewhat familiar.

Suddenly, a classmate bumped into someone's head and got a small cut. Several people rushed to help the injured person to the infirmary, while Li Tian Ge also took his place on the field.

Just as Zhao Xu was about to leave, a gentle breeze blew, and it was Cui Lu, who looked at Zhao Xu and asked, "Zhao Xu, what did Li Tian Ge and you just talk about?"

Cui Lu was one of the best gamers in the class, and in her first year, she had even accompanied Zhao Xu and Zhang Qi to participate in the King's Challenger.

"No, Li Tian Ge and I just exchanged some gaming experiences, and he was quite enthusiastic," Zhao Xu said.

"Ah, don't listen to him, I've been asking him to change professions, who knows what he's always grumbling about and doesn't know what's bothering him," Cui Lu said with a smile.

Zhao Xu thought for a moment and then said, "No time, gotta go."

Just then, he suddenly remembered that in his past life, he had also gone hiking with Cui Lu, who had fallen and almost broken her leg.

Thinking of this, he also made up his mind to ask Zhang Qi to take care of her more.

By the butterfly effect, the other person should also not fall again, right?

At this moment, Fang Xi Yue walked over, giving Zhao Xu a disdainful look.

Zhao Xu was a bit confused and got up to leave.

Fang Xi Yue sat down on the other side of the long bench and quickly told Cui Lu, "Sister, 'Dong Cheng Ruan' has updated on the forum. Go take a look at the idol."

"Ah, hurry up and take a look. Thanks to this little sister, I've finally made up my mind to change professions. Zhao Xu, let me introduce you to this ID ---"
Cui Lu turned her head around, only to find that Zhao Xu's figure had already disappeared into the distance.