
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 130, Level 1 Scroll

At this time, Zhao Xu noticed that the stats on his character card had started to change.

【Character Level: 2 (Dual Elite)
Occupation Line 1: 2nd-level Mage
Occupation Line 2: 1st-level Cleric/1st-level Scroll Scholar】

At the same time, the ability "Dark Knowledge (Tactics)" of the Scroll Scholar also appeared quietly on his character card.

This sudden and unexpected feeling made Zhao Xu feel a bit unreal.

Now that he looked back, he remembered that the Magic Goddess didn't seem to have a Scroll Scholar occupation level.

In particular, the Scroll Scholar seemed more like someone who was digging up divine knowledge and all sorts of divine spells.

If the Scroll Scholar wasn't making contributions to divine research, they would be no different from those who specialized in stealing divine power and spells, and would have a notorious reputation.

The ancient tablet, known as the "Ancient Slate," disappeared into thin air after Zhao Xu looked at it, as if it never existed in the world.

Zhao Xu didn't say much, just quietly watching An Ti Niya's reaction.

"It seems you've become a Scroll Scholar, which is beyond my expectations," An Ti Niya looked at Zhao Xu, already aware of the changes happening to Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu had spent several days researching the Scroll Scholar's abilities, devoting himself to studying knowledge and skills almost 20 hours a day in the Library of Knowledge.

Even in his limited offline time, his mind was constantly thinking about the background knowledge of the Scroll Scholar, and he was constantly refining each thread of information.
Here is the translation:

Even some practitioners who are suspected of being TOME scholars have intentionally gone to the archive room in the city of floating clouds to browse and review the records.

Zhao Xu was clear that TOME scholars were not like wizards and pastors who would let him pass so easily.

He had also prepared for a long-term battle.

So when he heard that Anzhi Noya was asking him some questions that were ahead of schedule, Zhao Xu was a bit taken aback.

He had spent a whole year preparing to retake the exam, and just as he was about to submit his tuition fee, his parents suddenly told him that the acceptance letter had arrived. It was as if it had been arranged.

Anzhi Noya looked at Zhao Xu, who was still deep in thought, and didn't offer any consolation or congratulations, but instead continued to speak in a light and airy tone: "You know, TOME scholars are not native professions in this world."

"From another dimension?" Zhao Xu's voice rose slightly as he felt his emotions fluctuating.

He couldn't help but be excited, and it would be a lie to say that he wasn't thrilled.

Even he couldn't pretend to be calm and composed - the truth is that he never expected to become a TOME scholar.

"What do you mean?" Zhao Xu asked, guessing at Anzhi Noya's intentions based on his knowledge of the dimensional skills he had learned.

"No, what you're saying is all related to the Arthurian world. I mean that the other world I'm talking about is not just the Arthurian world," Anzhi Noya said.

Zhao Xu roughly understood what he meant.

The Arthurian world, as well as various related dimensional spaces, were all part of the same world.

He could use the "transportation technique" to travel to other parts of the Arthurian world from the main material dimension.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

However, he needs to go to other planes, such as the bottomless abyss where the demons reside, he has to use the "interdimensional transportation" spell.

The principles of these two types of transportation are different.

Only a few transportation spells, such as the ninth-level "Interdimensional Gate", can decide whether to open a door in the homeland or in another dimension.

However, there is no spell in Zhao Xu's knowledge that can reach other multiverse worlds.

Otherwise, the wizards of Arthur would have been able to transport themselves to Earth right now.

It's only after 11 months of crossing that they will become truly real.

Currently, they are unable to reproduce or eat, drink, or defecate.

If there is a way to communicate between two worlds, it means something, and it's self-evident.

So, when Zhao Xu heard that the scholar of the scroll was from another world, he was shocked.

"So, we say that we don't know who the first scholar of the scroll is, because the other party is not originally from the Arthur world, but is like you, a foreigner from another dimension," An Ti Nuo Ya began to explain to Zhao Xu.

After hearing this secret, Zhao Xu's character panel, with those rows of knowledge and skills, began to vibrate slightly.

He knew that he had touched on the most secretive information in Arthur.

"The other party's world is a dark and terrifying unknown world, filled with pollution and bloodshed."

"That world also has wizards, but no priests, instead there are scholars of the scroll. The scholar of the scroll who came to Arthur's world did so out of love for Arthur's peace and taught us this foundation profession."

"Later, another wizard from that world visited Arthur, according to our understanding, the intensity of the pollution scholar was also quite high."

An Ti Nuo Ya briefly mentioned the turbulent changes of the past.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu listened with a puzzled expression, "Teacher, your description is a bit too simplistic. What's the name of that world? And more details, please?" 

Anniya smiled. "I don't think you should know that right now, so I won't let your curiosity get the better of you."

Zhao Xu thought to himself, Anniya is being too vague, he will definitely be curious. It's not like he shouldn't be curious, but...

Zhao Xu realized why the scroll scholars were so powerful. It wasn't from one place, so they wouldn't be subject to Arthr's constraints.

As for why everyone could use the same magical system, it wasn't difficult to understand. It was similar to how, on Earth, another planet with civilization would also develop similar mathematics and physics. The constants of the entire universe were the same.

"Only the teacher, what does this have to do with my recent promotion?" Zhao Xu continued to ask.

"Oh, you just saw a stone tablet, right?" 

"Yes, it's called the ancient tablet?" Zhao Xu nodded.

"That's right. It's actually called the ancient curse tablet, and it records the weaknesses of various monsters. Only those who have seen this tablet can awaken the dark knowledge of the scroll scholars."

"According to what the scroll scholar said, all the scroll scholars in that world have gone through hardships and entered the legendary dark knowledge hall to see this tablet before they can be promoted. The number is estimated to be one in ten."

When Zhao Xu heard the estimate, he suddenly felt that the environment in which Arthr trained was actually quite comfortable. As for Zhao Xu's conditions, it was the high-end version of comfortable.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What was that stone plate just now?" Zhao Xu continued to ask.

It's impossible for the other party to bring the stone plate to Arthur so easily, since scholars from the countless volumes of the world have to risk their lives to see it.

"History projection," Anzhi Noya said to Zhao Xu.

As soon as Zhao Xu finished speaking, he had a flash of inspiration, recalling the ability of the protagonist in a famous novel in the style of H.P. Lovecraft.

"That scholar from the other world summoned the ancient cursed stone plate through legendary magic. We have seen it, and in the future, we will also inherit it through this ability," Anzhi Noya explained.

"If you can summon a history projection, why do scholars from the other world still need to go to the Dark Knowledge Hall?" Zhao Xu immediately grasped the key point.

"It's simple: existing things cannot be summoned as a history projection, otherwise, the timeline would be disrupted. Arthur's world does not have the ancient cursed stone plate, so it can be summoned," Anzhi Noya said.

After hearing this, Zhao Xu finally pieced together the entire thread of events, and it seemed to make sense.

"As for why I made you study for a few days, it's to make you despair," Anzhi Noya said.

"It's easy to obtain dark knowledge after seeing the stone plate. However, no one who has not struggled in despair can awaken as a scholar," Anzhi Noya added.

"I thought you just saw the stone plate because you would be moved by your experience over the past few days. You should be able to awaken after repeating it a few times. However, you suddenly awakened, which is unexpected," Anzhi Noya said.

"You're so young to have despaired?" Anzhi Noya asked softly.

Zhao Xu smiled and shook his head.
Here is the translation of the text:

He didn't expect that his past experiences would become the driving force for his assistant as a scroll scholar.

This thought is reasonable. How could a profession in a terrifying world awaken so simply?

It's just that he doesn't know what kind of terror the "pollution scholar" will bring.

"Teacher, do we have a method to travel to other multiverse?" Zhao Xu asked with a hint of hope.

If it's possible, perhaps there will be a new opportunity before the earth is destroyed.

"Of course there is, otherwise the scroll scholar wouldn't have reached Arthur. So you can also achieve it with effort over a few years, just keep going slowly," An Ti Noya said after explaining.

At this point, An Ti Noya finished explaining and stood up, turning to organize the books behind her.

"Legend spell?" Zhao Xu asked tentatively.

Legend spells, as an existence above the ninth-level spell, can only be used by legend mages.

"Yeah," An Ti Noya hummed softly, indicating her response.

Zhao Xu nodded slightly, but his expression showed he had some doubts.

"Teacher, aren't legend spells only for legend mages? How did the scroll scholar get legend spells?"

Zhao Xu realized he was a bit foolish, having failed to notice the loophole in An Ti Noya's initial statement.

"Who told you that only mages can release legend spells? Divine practitioners, as long as their knowledge and skills reach a certain level, can also qualify to release legend spells," An Ti Noya said with a deep meaning.

"But I've never heard of a priest releasing a legend spell," Zhao Xu asked further.

"Because the gods haven't given it to them," An Ti Noya's words implied.

Zhao Xu stood silently.

Indeed, the gods haven't given legend spells to priests.
And few priests can reach the level of legend.
However, the Scrollkeeper relies on their own copying skills and has no such limitation.

Zhao Xu has already hinted to Ana Noya that the number of legendary skills of the mage is the level of knowledge (mystery) divided by 10 and rounded down.

Therefore, when he reaches level 21, the mage profession will give him 2 legendary skill slots.

Similarly, the Scrollkeeper profession will also give him 2 legendary skill slots.

His legendary skill slots are equivalent to twice those of other mages of the same level.

The only issue is that he currently has no legendary skills.