
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 14: Legendary Mage

After hearing Anzinoa's answer, Zhao Xu's grip on the thick book in his hand almost faltered. His 16 intelligence suddenly became a joke.

Zhao Xu had doubts - was it really true that both players and NPCs were on the same numerical system? Every living being has a "bug". No NPC is created out of thin air, and each level-up is traceable.

This is a consensus among future players.

"Look at your incredulous expression - it's really fun." Anzinoa suddenly laughed, transforming from a high-level mage to a noble girl.

"Can mages just blow their own horns?"

Zhao Xu didn't have any negotiating skills, but he didn't mind using a little trick.

Anzinoa was uninterested, "Although your provocation won't work on me, but I want to tell you the implementation method, perhaps it can stimulate your efforts to complete the course."

Zhao Xu's breathing quickened as soon as he heard this.

50 points of intelligence.

This means there are 20 points of intelligence adjustment value, not to mention the difficulty of evasion increased by 20 points.

Just the additional spell slots: 5 for levels 1-4, 4 for levels 5-8, and 3 for level 9.

"This is the enhancement value of my intelligence headgear, +12."

"Isn't it just +6 at most?"

Zhao Xu asked immediately.
Here is the translation of the text:

Anzheniyo seemed to be normal, directly answering, "In reality, the intelligence hats made by those below 20th level casters are indeed capped at +6, but legendary items can reach a maximum of +12."

Zhao Xu knew that legendary items were powerful.

However, he had not expected it to be this powerful.

Most ordinary people's intelligence might not be able to reach the added value provided by an intelligence hat.

After the whole country crossed over, wearing an intelligence hat on a baby would allow them to directly crush ordinary people in terms of intelligence.

The same name did not overlap, and wearing two intelligence hats had no meaning.

To continue improving, one had to consider upgrading the numerical values.

An item with +6 attributes would cost 36,000 gold coins.

A five-level divine scroll required 1,000 gold coins, while a revival spell with materials increased the price to 6,000 gold coins.

However, the price of a human life had already been calculated, and 6,000 gold coins were enough for a short-term revival, as long as the body was complete.

If there was no body, a higher-level spell was needed, such as a nine-level divine scroll that would cost 2.88 million gold coins.

Zhao Xu's previous life couldn't afford this amount, or he couldn't even buy a way in.

If the resources of the Earth and Ares worlds could flow smoothly, 50 gold coins would be equivalent to about 0.9 kilograms, with a price of 3,500 yuan per gram of gold on Earth.

In the Ares world, one gold coin was approximately 3,000 yuan.

A five-level resurrection spell would cost 20 million yuan.

A nine-level resurrection would cost 90 million yuan, almost 1 billion.

Of course, prices would not be calculated this way, as the gold price system on Earth was inflated.

For example, the exchange rate between gold and silver had dropped to 1:100 on Earth, but in Ares it was still 1:10.

Even if silver was taken into account, the 24 million yuan and 110 million yuan revival spells were not something ordinary people could afford.
Here is the translation of the text:

Thinking about it, a magic item with +6 attributes could be exchanged for a completely revived scroll worth 36,000 gold coins, and even if it was turned to dust, it could be pulled back. As for the +12 attribute magic item, wouldn't it be worth 144,000 gold coins?

The wizarding family is truly extravagant. Old Zhao asked straightforwardly, "14 million gold coins?"
Annie smiled lightly, "Multiplied by 10."
"144 million gold coins?"
Old Zhao was about to spit out blood if he didn't have an internal injury. "Yes, legendary items are calculated in this way. Otherwise, how could legendary items be so rare?"
Old Zhao stared blankly at Annie in front of him, as if he was walking on top of a treasure trove? The treasure on his head, worth 26 tons of gold, didn't feel a bit heavy?
The price of the headgear made Old Zhao's teeth ache, and he knew he wouldn't be able to surpass 50 IQ in his lifetime.
"Secondly, the blessing spell can increase the inner value of one attribute by 1 point, and can be continuously cast 5 times, with a maximum of 5 points." Annie continued to explain.

The blessing spell also requires additional materials costs.

Each spell can increase an attribute by 1 point, and 5 points would be around 1.4 million gold coins. Compared to 144 million, it's a smaller number, but it's still difficult to bear.

However, Old Zhao looked at the woman in front of him again, wondering if someone who could afford 144 million gold coins would only increase one attribute?

Six attributes, even if Old Zhao didn't dare to imagine, 28 times 30 would know approximately 84 million.

But at this time, Annie had already continued to explain.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The third point is that some spells like divine appearance, attribute transfer, etc. can last more than 24 hours.

The fourth point is that as a legendary mage, I have gained attribute enhancements more than three times, which is definitely beyond your imagination.

Zhao Xu remained silent until the fourth point, and then his eyes widened in shock as he looked up.

The Anzhi Noya in front of him was a legendary mage? A legendary mage is someone who has reached level 21 or above in their profession and has mastered legendary spells.

Nine-level spells are already comparable to destroying the heavens and earth. They can stop time, teleport to any location, change their physical form to have the abilities of most living beings, and shatter any magical barriers.

They can also resist any detection and have a shield that is beyond numerical defense and has reached the level of conceptual defense.

You can't attack me with non-magical weapons, it's just a rough method. When you move, I'll use my spell to stop your action, which is just a normal sequence of events.

In terms of probability, they can even eliminate the results of previous failures and re-roll.

On top of that, legendary mages can develop their own legendary spells.

Legendary spells are unknown to most people, but everyone has speculated that the floating city was raised using legendary spells.

So, the Anzhi Noya in front of him is actually a legendary mage who can cast legendary spells? Zhao Xu felt that he might be the illegitimate son of the goddess of luck."