
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 134: Concealing the Spell

"A few masters of magic, please don't worry, the sudden fluctuation in energy output has only caused a temporary disruption, and it's not significant enough to affect us here. Even if those barriers have disappeared, those inferior demons won't be able to come out."

A guide for the inferior demon testing facility was pulled over by a few masters of magic and explained to them.

Initially, the entire battle testing facility had sufficient emergency power reserves in terms of energy supply. However, when the 14th layer was opened, the energy consumed by the first layer was too small and was still affected by the fluctuation.

"It's like a small boat on the open sea. Even a slight wave can cause the boat to rock."

"Aren't you guys supposed to send someone to watch here?" a new player wizard complained.

"I'm really sorry, we just took over, so we were careless."

At this point, the guide walked over, took the panel hanging on the wall, and re-recorded the data.

One, two, three, four...

Suddenly, the guide stopped counting at eight.

He looked at the few new wizard apprentices and complained, "Isn't it written on the wall that you're not allowed to cluster fire?"

The new wizard apprentices looked at each other, not understanding what the guide was saying.

"You each have a corresponding inferior demon on the crossbow, and you need to shoot at the corresponding inferior demons, not accidentally kill others and cause clustering. You should know that it takes a lot of effort to restart summoning inferior demons, so we deliberately added 8 points of rapid healing to these inferior demons, so we don't have to keep summoning them."

The guide looked at the new wizard apprentices and educated them.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ah, no way, we haven't even touched that crossbow, let alone coordinate an attack," said a novice mage, complaining.

Just then, another novice mage suddenly remembered and hastily explained, "I just saw someone else around here, maybe it was them who killed them, and you guys didn't say you couldn't kill these demons."

"Hmph, these demons with 9 points of HP after being modified with an immune shock, are you saying that your crossbow with a maximum damage of only 8 HP can kill them? And those other guys are the same, always yelling to leave them with only 1 HP, then suddenly come back to full HP, and now they're all fine."

The test guide refuted, looking around the scene, and suddenly his eyes narrowed.

On the ninth dead demon's card on the ground, which was far away, there was a half-broken arrow shaft.

...After leaving the tactical testing room, Zhao Xu was still immersed in the power of combining his knowledge and dark studies.

His knowledge ability was determined by the result of his knowledge check. If his knowledge check was only 15, it would only be a minimum 1st-level insight boost.

The result of the knowledge check was between 16-25, which would be a 2nd-level boost, 26-30 was a 3rd-level boost, and above 36 would have a 5-level reward.

However, when he could achieve such a result, the rewards would have little meaning to him.

Although even using a higher-level spell wouldn't have such a long-lasting effect.

As for dark studies, the check result was three thresholds, with difficulties of 15, 25, and 35. If his knowledge check result exceeded these thresholds, he could obtain one to three levels of boost.
When the day comes, Zhao Xu's knowledge skill test result is 36 points, he can get a 8-level boost!

5 levels come from sincere knowledge, and 3 levels come from dark knowledge.

It is known that Zhao Xu, as a 5th-level warrior in his previous life, had already grasped 5 levels of basic attack. Adding his own 4 levels of adjustment, his attack power reached 9 levels.

Compared to this 8-level boost, it's indeed a significant improvement.

However, the premise is that Zhao Xu can indeed test his knowledge skill to 36 points.

Currently, he is only 2nd level, and his knowledge skill is only 5 levels at most, plus 3 points of intelligence adjustment, reaching a total of 8 points.

Even if he tests his knowledge skill, he can add 1-20 points of knowledge origin bonus, but the maximum is only 28 points, which can only give a 5-level boost at most.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu's footsteps stopped on the road.

He thought back to a few days ago when he copied the scroll of magic, and he seemed to remember that there were spells that could boost his skill test power.

Zhao Xu immediately started searching for his own internal magic.

The "Impromptu Creation" spell in the solo poetry of the 1st-level bard can give a 1-point luck bonus to skills and attacks.

The "Skill Enhancement" spell of the 1st-level wizard can provide a 4-point skill environment bonus.

Similarly, the "Knowledge Song" spell can provide a 5-point skill performance bonus.

Moreover, the boosts provided by these three spells are all linked to the caster's level.

Additionally, luck, performance, and environment are all different sources that can be stacked.

Luck comes from luck itself.

Performance refers to the ability to improve his performance level this time.

Environment refers to the assistance provided by his surroundings, such as the use of auxiliary tools, which can improve the environment bonus.
Here is the translation:

Zhao Xu, even if he only uses the extension skills of the mage's expansion spell, he can stack his knowledge and skills to increase the possibility of getting 36 points on the test.

At this time, Zhao Xu took a deep breath.

He began to understand when he got the entire spell table. Others could only achieve 1-2 skills, but he could stack multiple skills and create a terrifying result.

Even if the result of the D20 roll (1-20) was not good, he could use the level 1 unique spell "Immediate Assistance" of the Bard to re-roll the test.

This may be a shallow manifestation of the legendary ability of the spellcaster to turn the tide of fate.

Zhao Xu also warned himself to be vigilant, as the "Immediate Assistance" spell was a quick action spell and he had to be prepared at all times.

When the three hundred or so spells hit him, he was busy awakening the ability of the scholar of the ancient tomes and forgot to reorganize.

He even forgot about it when he left the testing hall.

Although the level of the spellcaster determining the effects of the spell is currently low, with the addition of Eien Stone, it's only a 3rd-level mage and 2nd-level scroll, the gains and duration of the spell are short.

However, when he reaches a higher level in the future, even combining the spell with its persistence, he can turn these spells into 24-hour continuous spells that can be used as needed.

Then he would be almost invincible.

Until Zhao Xu returned to the Apex Tower, he was still constantly arranging and analyzing the use of each level 1 spell in his mind.

Compared to other mages who want to learn a spell, it takes them a long time to research and even read a thick background description of the spell. Zhao Xu, on the average, learns each spell in less than 1 minute.
Here is the translation of the text:

He could barely remember the names of many spells, and it was thanks to his ability to project the descriptions of those spells into his mind at any time.

This is also the reason why wizards like Arthur have a thorough understanding of the various uses of magic, as they have already gone through the hardships of learning magic from the beginning.

After mastering a few spells, they can write a paper on their uses alone.

It's just basic operations like summoning an invisible servant to carry a bag of soil to explore and set up traps, using the giant transformation spell to trap enemies in narrow passages.

When Zhao Xu went upstairs, he found that Anzhenya had already returned and was sitting there, reading as usual.

It seemed that besides reading, she didn't have anything else to do.

"Teacher," Zhao Xu greeted Anzhenya with a bow.

"How did the test go?" Anzhenya asked.

"Ah? Teacher, how did you know I took the test?" Zhao Xu was taken aback that Anzhenya knew he had taken the test, including tearing up a test paper from the trash.

Anzhenya didn't say much, only maintaining a faint smile under her mask.

"Ah, teacher, why do bards' magic and scholars' magic have divine versions?" Zhao Xu recalled the spells listed in his notes, many of which were unique to bards and couldn't be mastered by even wizards.

"It seems you've noticed those skills," Anzhenya said simply, "some are derived from divine poetry. In fact, through our field of study, we've replaced all the arts with divine ones. You don't need to worry too much, just use them."

Although Anzhenya's words didn't make much sense to Zhao Xu, he still nodded his head.

He didn't bother to think about how the chicken hatches eggs.
Here is the translation of the text:

"What kind of spells are hanging on you?" Zhao Xu asked, his curiosity piqued.

After realizing the strength of those few spells, he had already started planning his list of spells to hang on his body for later use.

As a persistent mage with the ability to hold spells, An Sen Niya would filter out how many spells.

At this moment, An Sen Niya suddenly raised her hands and gazed at the ten fingers on top, as if counting.

Just as Zhao Xu was about to ask a question, An Sen Niya replied, "Seven or eight, probably less than a hundred."

Hearing this, Zhao Xu almost wanted to ask again.

Looking at An Sen Niya, who was still reading, the answer was self-evident.

A 30-intelligence 20-level spell, combined with spells from levels one to nine, adds up to 57.

It wasn't until this moment that Zhao Xu understood that An Sen Niya, who had the ability to recover spell slots, was actually burning through spells.

It seemed that the world's mages were divided into two types: those with spell slots and those without.

"Just go take a technique-related training session next time," An Sen Niya suddenly said.

Zhao Xu had heard of "technique" before, but he thought it was far beyond his reach.

"Last time, you weren't breaking down Leyin's spell in the mine, right? You thought the other party was clearly not casting a spell, but they still managed to separate your teammate. So you thought your dead teammate was an illusion."

Zhao Xu nodded.

"Next time, don't make such embarrassing guesses, or people will laugh at how little you know."
Here is the translation:

"This ability to conceal one's spellcasting can make your spellcasting actions hidden, so that others cannot recognize that you are casting a spell, not to mention countering your magic."

"You should go learn this ability soon."