
Here is the translation:

Chapter 145: The Starry Cape

"Teacher, what about that cape?" Zhao Xu pointed to a black cape folded away in a corner, looking completely ordinary, with no hint of magic, but still exuding an air of nobility.

Anastasia followed Zhao Xu's gaze and suddenly understood, smiling and saying, "You're really obsessed with this thing, aren't you?"

Zhao Xu chuckled, responding with a hint of smugness.

This cape, which was said to be a reduced-damage artifact, left a deep impression on him.

In his previous life, Wang Qingwei, as an emissary, attended a banquet hosted by the Northern Lord, wearing this very cape - the Starry Cape.

It was during that occasion that he learned about the cape's incredible abilities from someone else.

Zhao Xu walked over to the shelf and gently pulled out the handmade cape, only to discover that there were three or four more beneath it.

This also meant that the cape he was holding was not the one Anastasia wore the first time they met.

However, it didn't matter; powerful magical equipment would not depreciate due to being used second-hand.

"Ah, the Starry Cape comes from the same-named seventh-grade spell. That spell is a contact spell that does not satisfy the requirement of 'spell duration', so it's still wearable as equipment."

Anastasia's intention was that the "Starry Cape" spell could not be continuously maintained on the body for 24 hours, which had increased the value of the equipment.

For those who possessed the spell duration skill, they would not need to find another identical equipment to wear.
Here is the translation of the text:

Just like a mage not wearing armor, on the one hand, it's due to the high failure rate of spells, and on the other hand, it's also because their own "mage shield" spell has a long duration of hours, and it also avoids the inconvenience and punishment of not wearing armor.

"Teacher, don't you explain this equipment to me?" Zhao Xu stroked the black pattern on the cloak and said.

The cloak looked extremely ordinary, not much different from the cloak that adventurers wore to conceal their figures.

"I know you're asking, but I'll explain it anyway," Anniya smiled, but she still patiently explained.

"Wearing this cloak can make you immune to attacks from non-magical weapons, and it will also counterattack the opponent. As for attacks from magical weapons, as long as you make a successful reflexive evasion check, you can reduce the damage by half."

When Zhao Xu heard this, he nodded his head, confirming that the effect was indeed as he knew it to be. If someone dared to use a ordinary sword to hack at him, they would find that the sword was broken.

"The effect is quite impressive."

"Try it on first," Anniya said.

Zhao Xu then removed the original decorative cloak he was wearing and re-donned the "Stellar Cloak".

In the instant he put on the cloak, the entire cloak suddenly transformed into a lake-like surface with rippling waves in the night sky, with countless stars flowing across it, leaving behind a trail of silver light.

Although Zhao Xu did not receive any feedback or reminder from the cloak.

But he was clear that after putting on this cloak, the enemy would at least need to use magical weapons to have the qualification to attack him, and the arrows on the battlefield would be even more so.

If he wore this cloak before going to the Forest of Cunning, he would not have been injured by the arrow trap.

Even with magical weapons, he had the qualification to dodge half of the damage to his life value.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Are you satisfied?" Anzhi Noel smiled brightly at Zhao Xu, who was still examining the cloak on his body.

"Isn't it the artifact over there?" Anzhi Noel continued to ask.

"For example, the staff of the great wizard next to it can absorb the enemy's magical energy and convert it into one of several spells. It's really impressive."

Zhao Xu shook his head after hearing this tempting suggestion. He knew his own weight.

Each artifact was not that simple.

"The weight of the crown is too much for me to handle at my current level of 3."

"Yeah, it seems you're not that airy. Actually, if you hadn't chosen, I would have recommended you take that staff of power, which can deal double damage and has a series of terrifying effects. However, you don't need to go near battle right now, so you can take it next time."

"As for the cloak on your body, do you think it would be placed here if it was that simple?" Anzhi Noel smiled lightly at Zhao Xu.

Hearing this, Zhao Xu was indeed deep in thought.

Arthur ordinary people, including most low-level adventurers, basically use non-magical ordinary weapons.

The poor can even pick up a wooden stick at random.

Even the cheapest +1 magical weapon costs at least 2000 gold coins.

This cloak can help him deflect attacks from ordinary greenhorns.

The question is, after he becomes high-level, he will encounter enemies who won't use magic weapons. Even a level 1 wizard can suppress it, such as when Zhao Xu faced the ghost that night and used the "Magical Transformation" spell to temporarily transform Leaf's giant sword into a +1 magical sword.

Many template creatures, such as half-celestial beings, basically consider their natural weapons to be magical.
Here is the translation:

Before Zhao Xu transformed into the divine servant of Fēng Tiān Shén, the Sky-Grasping Sword in his possession was already considered a legendary magic weapon.

"'Mages often have abilities that trigger magic spells, so if you're afraid of stories like 'high-level mages being killed by bandits who didn't have magic spells', you don't need to worry.' Anxinyao continued to entice Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu thought for a moment before speaking up again, "I mainly think that the flash avoidance can neutralize half of the damage. It should have some follow-up moves."

Anxinyao also nodded slightly, seemingly satisfied with Zhao Xu's sharpness.

"Do you know the fireball spell?" Anxinyao asked suddenly.

"I'm familiar with it, fireball and flight spells are typical spells of the three-ring mage," Zhao Xu said.

Even ordinary people have heard the legend of mages casting fireball spells and killing over ten ordinary people.

"If the fireball spell is dodged, it will only deal half the damage to the target, don't you know?" Anxinyao continued to entice.

Zhao Xu nodded slightly, this flash avoidance can neutralize half of the damage, which is a typical characteristic of metamagic.

Except for a few spells that don't require any strength, most spells need to pierce the target's resistance before taking effect.

Fireball spells, on the other hand, can cause full damage if the target fails to resist, but only take half the damage if it succeeds.

Compared to Zhao Xu's previous "Seven-Colored Spray" spell, which failed if the target resisted and didn't affect it if it succeeded, the flash avoidance feature of the Star-Cloth Cloak, which reduces damage by half, is consistent with the damage principle of fireball spells.

"That's another ability you've heard of?" Anxinyao asked, as if telling a story, and gradually pursued the question.

"Yes?"
Here is the translation of the text:

As Zhao Xu was about to ask a question, a sudden thought flashed through his mind about the 2nd-level characteristic ability of a Wanderer.

He said with a hint of questioning: "Reflective evasion ability?"

"No mistake," Anzhiya said definitely.

Reflective evasion is one of the typical 2nd-level strong abilities of a Wanderer. For those who can reduce half of the damage by reflecting, and Wanderers with this ability can avoid all damage instead of receiving half. This is what truly means full damage avoidance.

This is also why Mages sometimes cast a fireball and most people, even if they succeed in blocking, will still be injured.

However, Wanderers with reflective evasion ability can avoid all damage without a scratch.

"That is, if a 2nd-level Wanderer wears this cloak, even if the opponent succeeds in reflecting, they can avoid all damage from magical attacks?"

Zhao Xu asked, although he had already subtly understood the answer in his heart.

But unfortunately, he was not a Wanderer.

The evasion difficulty of the Starlight Cloak was fixed at 15th level, and after leveling up, he could easily succeed in reflecting. Zhao Xu chose this cloak mainly for physical attacks, which would reduce damage by half.

"If I say you can obtain this reflective evasion ability?" Anzhiya said with a hint of otherworldly meaning.

Zhao Xu thought, wondering if he should become a 2nd-level Wanderer again, but the cost was too high, and it was unnecessary.

The only explanation was one:

"Is there a spell that can give me this ability?" Zhao Xu asked.

"Considering the countless extensions of spell effects, you should be prepared to bear the burden," Anzhiya said.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Level 4 Mage's 'Treasure Hunter's Riches' can grant you a reflective evasion ability, and reflective avoidance can stack with charm modifier values. More importantly, it is a lasting spell.

Anniya's gaze was soft and gentle as she looked at Zhao Xiu.
It was obvious that she had this spell on her now.

Level 7!
Until Zhao Xiu reached Level 7, he couldn't master this spell and combine it with the spell itself to enhance reflective avoidance. Naturally, when he did, he would basically pass the reflective check with ease.

That's why Zhao Xiu could avoid most close-range attacks at Level 7.
This is also the reason why the Starlight Cloak is so rare and precious.

Even ordinary mages who learn this spell can only maintain its effect for a minute or two, and by that time, they would have already reached Level 13.
Mages at this level can still be attacked by magic, so it's almost pointless.

Zhao Xiu's expression was still a bit complicated as he looked at the cloak on his body.
Unfortunately, it wasn't strong enough, and if it were a divine artifact, it could resist the enchantment spell.

'Let's go,' Anniya said.

'Go?' Zhao Xiu was surprised. 'Teacher, it's rare to come to this secret place, don't you want to take a stroll around here?'

'Are you here to explore?' Anniya asked, her tone cold.

'And you called me "sister" so suddenly. Wait until the time is up, and you'll be attacked by the treasure's spell. I remember the first spell is the Level 9 Arcane 'Restraining Spell'.'

'If you get hit, I won't release the Level 9 Spell 'Release' to save you today. I'll make you reflect on it for two days.'

'Sister,' Zhao Xiu quickly added.

He had heard of the fame of this spell that could keep someone in a state of eternal death, forever trapped in a coma.

'Hmph, not worth it,' Anniya said."