
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 149: Mastery of Knowledge

After that, Zhao Xu didn't leave the final scroll space. He was impatient and one by one summoned the spellbooks to absorb energy, and then released the spells again.

Some spells, however, required a high price to cast. Some wizards could only cast a few spells in their lifetime. But for Zhao Xu, it wasn't a problem.

In the final scroll space, he had unlimited spellcasting ability and could cast any spell without any cost. Even spells that required chanting incantations for minutes or hours could be released with just a thought. However, the real feedback after casting the spells was not fake. He had essentially gained unadulterated spellcasting experience.

Until later, Anita returned to the scroll space and saw Zhao Xu, who looked a bit like a real wizard for the first time. He had gained the kind of confidence or aura that only wizards have.

After leaving the final scroll space, Zhao Xu didn't consume too much energy and successfully solidified his 3rd-level character, officially becoming a 3rd-level wizard and 2nd-level scroll scholar.

Meanwhile, he followed Anita's instructions and started attending many academic lectures to quickly awaken the 2nd-level profession ability "Mastery of Knowledge".

After obtaining this ability, Zhao Xu's book reading skills and knowledge (mysterious) skills could both gain +2 unattributed values.
Here is the translation:

The unattributed value is a type of value that can be stacked freely. If Zhao Xu's knowledge (mysterious) skill is increased by 100 types + 2 unattributed value, he can completely stack the knowledge (mysterious) skill to 200+.

Therefore, even if this value is superior to none, Zhao Xu still dare not relax, and spends a lot of his daily time attending lectures on mysterious knowledge.

After Zhao Xu obtained the lecture ticket sent by the daily, he quietly sat down in a corner and listened to the lecturer's explanation of mysterious knowledge.

Generally speaking, low-level wizards tend to choose to read books on mysterious studies in the Library of Knowledge to improve their knowledge (mysterious) skills.

This method is the most foolish but also the most reliable and beneficial for leveling up knowledge (mysterious) skills.

However, after Zhao Xu's knowledge (mysterious) skills reached the maximum level of 6, he still did not obtain the "Mastery of Knowledge" ability, so he is looking forward to these lectures to trigger it.

"Who can decipher the meaning of this symbol?" Morris asked, wearing a unique white robe.

At the age of 30, Morris had already become a 5th-level wizard, and although he was not as prominent as the high-level wizards in Floating City, he was still considered to have achieved some success.

Although Morris's knowledge (mysterious) skills were limited to 8 levels due to his character level, it did not affect his success rate in connecting with the source of knowledge.

Morris had been studying various books on mysterious studies since he was six years old, which gave him a solid foundation that was highly regarded by the upper echelons.

After Morris's question, the small lecture hall fell silent, with over 30 novice wizards and apprentices failing to respond, clearly perplexed by the question.
Here is the translation:

Although Morris has a reputation, attending his lecture does not guarantee a chance to become a helper in the floating city, so his lecture tickets are not particularly sought after. Therefore, Morris usually holds small lectures with a capacity for about 50 people.

At this time, Zhao Xu was looking at the whiteboard where Morris had drawn a symbol, and he didn't try to use his knowledge (mysterious skills) to search for it, but rather thought about it himself. He could feel Morris's mastery of mysterious knowledge.

Even if Morris were to upgrade later, he wouldn't need to deliberately study again, and his knowledge (mysterious) level would automatically upgrade when he upgraded his character.

This is also the most admired "water-to-irrigation" model.

According to Zhao Xu's guess, Elswy and Wang Qingwei both have this quality.

As for Zhao Xu, he could only rely on luck to catch up later.

Morris saw that no one in the audience was answering, so he could only force a bitter smile and shake his head before continuing to explain the origin of the symbol.

"This secret seal is actually related to cryptography as well. After the Great Master Elric introduced it into the higher mysterious symbol system, it slowly became widely used among the wizarding community. Generally speaking, any wizard who has researched and studied mysterious knowledge will not overlook this symbol."

Morris slowly explained.

Zhao Xu looked at the mysterious symbol with 13 transformation modes, and his eyes gradually lit up.

Suddenly, a female assistant from the back of the lecture hall ran in and whispered a few words to Morris.

After hearing what the other person said, Morris's expression changed slightly, and he then revealed a look of joy.
Here is the translation of the text:

He quickly walked up to the whiteboard, wrote a cryptic equation about a secret symbol, and said, "I suddenly have something to attend to, and I'll be back soon. You all can start solving this problem first." As he was about to leave the lecture hall, he turned back and smiled at the audience, saying, "Of course, if someone can solve it, they can leave early tonight and don't need to listen to the rest of the lecture."

After giving the answer sheet to his assistant, Maurice left early. However, many aspiring wizards who had come to get a signature on their lecture tickets were dissatisfied. The assistant, who was standing at the entrance of the lecture hall, kept a low profile, but no one dared to offend her.

As for the reason why many aspiring wizards came to Maurice's lecture, it was because they had heard that Maurice was likely to sign their lecture tickets. At this time, Zhao Xu glanced at the problem, got up, and began to pack his things, intending to discuss it with Anniya.

However, when Zhao Xu reached the door, the assistant who was instructed by Maurice blocked his way, saying, "This student, Maurice the wizard has not returned yet, please wait for a moment." For them, the command of a 5th-level wizard was not to be disobeyed. Zhao Xu originally wanted to say he didn't need a lecture ticket, but he looked at the assistant's expression and thought it was a bit too stubborn. He didn't say much and directly picked up his pen on the whiteboard.
The magician apprentice in the audience originally thought that Zhao Xu was going to directly write down the answer, but unexpectedly Zhao Xu fell into contemplation, and couldn't help but laugh softly.

I've never heard of someone getting slapped in the face and then seeking help in a hurry.

But slowly, the laughter disappeared.

Zhao Xu didn't even go through the calculation process, and just wrote down the final answer.

Even the female assistant who was holding the paper and comparing it to the answer on the whiteboard was stunned.

Professor Morris gave her the paper just to prevent someone from fooling her with the wrong answer, and did not expect anyone to be able to solve it.

When Zhao Xu walked into the office of Antinoya on the seventh floor of the spire, he was also a little stunned.

Because at the moment he solved the problem, his dynamic panel displayed a message - [Adventurer Zhongxia awakens the "knowledge mastery" ability, gaining +2 value in knowledge (mystery) and document interpretation skills]

These days, Zhao Xu has vaguely felt that his brain has become more agile.

But he also knows that it will take another ten and a half months for his intelligence to fully develop, so this clearer improvement in thinking also confuses him somewhat.

After pushing open the door, Zhao Xu saw Antinoya standing there, gazing at the skeletal armor.

When Antinoya turned around and saw Zhao Xu, she said with a hint of indescribable meaning, "It seems that you have gained that ability, so there's no need to attend the lecture?"

Zhao Xu temporarily suppressed his inner doubts and nodded.

Antinoya then walked over and handed him a letter.

When Zhao Xu took a look, he felt a bit incredulous.

"A lecture on the knowledge of mystery?" Zhao Xu asked.

If it was just an ordinary lecture, it wouldn't be a big deal.

But at the bottom of the lecture, the name of the lecturer was crossed out, and then the name "Zhongxia" was rewritten above it.
"When did he also become qualified to give lectures to others?
"Sometimes it's like this. You may not understand when listening to others, but explaining it to others may trigger something in yourself. Although I didn't expect you to awaken this ability so soon, the lecture has already been arranged, so you have to go," Antinoya said with a light laugh.
"The lecture is tonight. Don't be late. Anyway, you're just a level 1 mage, you can definitely handle it."
Upon hearing this, Zhao Xu did not immediately doubt himself.
In fact, he possessed a Level 6 knowledge (mystery) skill, reaching the level limit of Level 3 characters, because skill levels can only be 3 levels higher than character levels.
But many mages, even those of Level 6 or 7, may not have as high a knowledge (mystery) level as Zhao Xu if they do not have sufficient knowledge of mystery.
Compared to casting spells accurately, "knowledge" is much more elusive.
Knowledge, intelligence, and magic are the three pillars that support the strength of a mage, but unfortunately, sometimes the pillar of magic is too strong, even overshadowing the other two.
"What is the theme of my mystery knowledge lecture?"
Although facing players in the game or Arthur natives, Zhao Xu still did not dare to underestimate this lecture, and immediately began to prepare for it.
"No need to rush. The original lecturer for the lecture was injured during a magic research, so we need you to take his place. The materials he prepared are on the table, you can go take a look," Antinoya continued to observe the armor.
Zhao Xu walked over to Antinoya's usual office desk, where there was indeed a thick stack of materials. He picked it up and took a look - it was about the diversity of first-level spells.

First-level spells?
To put it in an exaggerated way -
Even the first-level spells mastered by the Ninth Ring mages in the Floating City may not be as comprehensive as Zhao Xu's.

So this was the reason Antinoya asked him to take over this lecture.