
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 183: Sacrificial Altar

At this moment, the middle-aged mage who had advanced to the "Law Enforcement" level looked puzzled, his gaze wandering between Lei An and Zhao Xu. He was wondering if the youth before him, who was also a mage, was truly the one who had deduced this conclusion or if it was Lei An who had revealed it to him.

Meanwhile, Zhao Xu's eyes had become even brighter, and his brain had suddenly connected the logical chain in an instant. The dopamine released by successfully deducing the result had instantly wiped away the despair he felt after witnessing the deaths of the four young men and women.

"We should go back to the beginning and consider why 'Deep Dungeon Refining' wouldn't go back to Mistral, but why did the other party choose to take action here, even killing four people before leaving no trace?" he said.

Ordinary people might not be able to handle this, but even with the devil's methods, a hundred people couldn't cover up the bodies.

"What kind of choice would a chaotic evil demon make that we can't guess? But for a demon who upholds order, it can only be concluded that the other party had no choice but to do so."

At this moment, Zhao Xu's gaze was filled with confidence, and the other mages in attendance, as well as the three floating city law enforcement mages, were all looking at him, waiting for his next words.

Lei An, on the other hand, was slightly lowering his head, pondering Zhao Xu's words.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Originally, it could have controlled Andy by directly choosing 'Higher Teleportation Technique' and escaped. However, due to the presence of these four people and my witness, it was unable to hide the traces of taking Andy away. Even if it had killed them, one of them was the son of the Secretary of the Ministry of Mysteries, which would definitely attract an investigation."

"So it decided to make the four of them sacrifices, creating a massacre that would be discovered, spreading fear to support the ritual that could hide its location. As for choosing the location near the stream, I guess it's to expand the range of the ritual."

"This also shows that the range of this ritual is limited, and the 'Deep Furnace of Darkness' is hiding in this area."

Zhao Xu was certain about this.

At this moment, Lei An shook his head intentionally, saying, "This is not necessarily the case. Such a hidden ritual can only last for a short period of time. As time passes, the secret power will eventually disappear, and the 'Deep Furnace of Darkness' will no longer have the power to shield its location."

"This is just to delay the exposure of its identity for ten to half a month."

Zhao Xu heard these words and smiled.

If he hadn't already seen through the limited duration of this ritual, he might still question himself.

However, he had already seen through this point at the beginning, and this point would also become a strong evidence to support his speculation.

"This means that there must be a related altar of the devil around here."

Zhao Xu said this, but the surrounding people's expressions remained calm.

At this moment, Zhao Xu had a calm and clear mind, and suddenly understood.

There had been similar cases of "Rose Cross"!

Lei An couldn't help but clap his hands, and as he looked at Zhao Xu's expression, his eyes, which were no longer the same as before, were filled with seriousness.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The Chronicle of Dawn, 1724, the imperial prince of the Casar Empire went missing, and when it was discovered, his entire entourage of twenty people were brutally slaughtered, and the nearby stream was dyed red with blood. This was also the ritual of a 'Deep Dungeon Magician' that was hiding in a deep-seated altar in the hunting grounds. Later, a legendary mage was brought in to search for the existence of this 'Deep Dungeon Magician'.

Li An smiled satisfactorily at Zhao Xu, "Now it's time for your performance to come to an end, and from now on, I'll take over."

After saying this, he looked at his subordinates with a serious expression, "Contact the Mistrala City Guard and have them search a 20-mile radius around this stream."

...

Zhao Xu slowly removed his VR simulation helmet from his head and sat up from the bed.

It was almost 2-3 am, and the VR helmets of Zhang Qi and Chen Siren had gone dark, with only the standby lights flashing.

This meant that they had fallen asleep, just like Liu Hanqiang, who was snoring softly.

Zhao Xu tiptoed to the balcony, turned on the faucet to maintain a small water flow, and washed his face with a small bowl of water to wake himself up.

The balcony was small, with a washbasin and a washing machine on the left, and a toilet and shower door on the right. In the middle, there was a space of about three square meters.

Zhao Xu leaned lightly against the stone railing of the balcony, gazing through the foliage of the apricot tree in front of him, at the darkened windows of the girls' dormitory across the way.

The world was full of stillness.

Zhao Xu's thoughts went back to the next two days, when the 'Rose Cross' would gather strength to search the entire area.

Even Wang Qingwei's team, originally sent to kill bandits, would be summoned again tomorrow to participate directly in the search for the devil's altar. However, this was not to pursue the devil, but rather to find the traces of the altar."
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu's task, which was originally linked to him, directly became involved in the search. This is also Zhao Xu's suggestion to Li An, who is a member of the "Rose Cross" training group. Zhao Xu was determined to personally participate in the solution of this matter, so he directly advised Li An to make changes after considering his future guardianship tasks. Li An naturally agreed. Unbeknownst to Zhao Xu, he also became a presence that could influence players to release tasks. Perhaps one day, it will be his turn to assign tasks to players. However, Zhao Xu's hard work in establishing a mutual understanding with Wang Qingwei was suddenly in vain. In fact, the newcomers the next day will not know that the original source of everything is because Zhao Xu searched for unexpected situations around them, which led to their own tasks being changed. According to Li An's words, the ownership of the "Eternal Wand" and the "Invisible Ring" was blocked by Zhao Xu's discovery, and one of them can be obtained. However, the other one will be awarded to those who find the clues of the altar as a reward. This also relieved Zhao Xu's mind, securing a guaranteed income. However, this also means that he must seize the initiative in the search team. The value of the two magical items in Zhao Xu's hands is among the top-ranked in the magic items obtained by players. The only thing that is a bit regrettable is that demons, as interdimensional beings, are naturally immune to fire element damage, so his "Eternal Fireball Wand" is essentially useless.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this point, Zhao Xu no longer had any need for secrecy, so he took out his phone and briefly summarized what had happened tonight and sent it to the group, informing Wang Qingwei and Aiswei about it.

Especially, he deliberately emphasized the consequences of that ritual and the immense power of "Deep Hell Refining" to them.

Tomorrow, "Rose Cross" would naturally reorganize them into new groups, and Zhao Xu would also need the two women to help him get the remaining magical item.

After completing these tasks, Zhao Xu remained standing, unaware that he had already had a slight impact on Arthur, especially this city of Mistral.

Tonight's events would undoubtedly be summarized and secretly reported to various major benevolent organizations and churches in the form of a report.

As it turned out, "Deep Hell Refining" had also misfortune-ed Zhao Xu, otherwise, the other party would have likely completed the ritual and then continued to infiltrate Mistral, secretly developing the hellish forces.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu's phone rang.

[Aiswei: My goodness, your experience tonight was quite bizarre. If I had known, I wouldn't have gone on patrol with you.]

[Wang Qingwei: Mr. Zhongxiao is indeed amazing. He averted a demon-hiding event like a nameless hero.]

Both women were intelligent and quickly sensed the intensity of Zhao Xu's experience tonight from his brief summary.

It was only because of a suggestion from the person in front of them that they, a group of players, could directly bypass the Floating City and change their tasks.

In reality, even ordinary people, let alone game characters, would feel fear just by approaching a cemetery.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Arsene: It won't be long before our tasks escalate to a level where we're saving the world from danger, but we're still just dealing with bandits. How about that?"

"Zhong Xia: Just a gentle breeze."

"King Wei: Ha ha, it's rare to see Mr. Zhong Xia being so humble."

After that, Zhao Xu continued to engage in a commercial exchange with the two women. Then, after the two women explained things, Zhao Xu finally understood why they didn't take any action when they encountered the goblin group during the day. It turned out that they were all thinking along the same lines.

However, this incident also led to a change in direction. The three of them began to meticulously plan out their specific plans for the next day.

As they went through the process of discussing with Lei An in the evening, Zhao Xu gazed at the map in front of him, having a rough idea of what to focus on first. This was also the reason why he needed the help of the two women.

Zhao Xu's gaze fell on the simplified map drawn by the two women, specifically on a watchtower on the edge of a stream."