
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 186: The Non-Existent Thing

The ferocious mouse's combat power is not strong. As long as it wears armor or has a mage's shield cast on it, it can barely scratch Zhao Xu, and the attack will only hit him about half the time.

Not to mention that Zhao Xu's Starlight Cloak can completely immunize him against the ferocious mouse's biting attacks.

Unless it's a species with extremely powerful innate weapons that can be considered magical, Zhao Xu's cloak can also immunize him against ordinary weapons, including the natural weapons of those monsters.

As a result, they cannot even touch Zhao Xu.

This is the immense power of the seventh-level spell "Starlight Cloak".

This is also the reason why Zhao Xu dares to march forward fearlessly at the forefront.

Zhao Xu observed the ferocious mouse, which was nearly a meter long, looking extremely large to outsiders. This average 5-HP animal was only considered a small-sized creature, similar to a goblin. After being hit by four magic bullets, the ferocious mouse died instantly, without even experiencing the basic process of dying.

Unfortunately, the mouse was considered worthless, and if it were a wild boar, Zhao Xu could still use its meat to make a living, and sell its teeth as well.

"Are you familiar with this animal?" Zhao Xu asked the two women, and all he got in response was a shocked and frightened shaking of their heads.

Zhao Xu didn't expect he would ask them about their weak point in knowledge.

However, this was also reasonable. Even a genius has a certain limit to their knowledge. It's impossible for someone to learn everything in just a month, even with a vast range of knowledge, including mysterious knowledge and various kinds of knowledge.
Here is the translation of the given text:

"This is a ferocious rodent, an omnivorous scavenger, usually only attacking to protect its nest territory. It's estimated that it has been provoked by our presence in the watchtower, which it considers an intrusion into its territory."

Zhao Xu tried to push up the "mechanical eye shield" on his nose bridge, "Its greatest risk is that once bitten, without resisting with strong determination, it will suffer 1-3 points of agility damage and physical damage after a latency period of one to three days."

The former Maple Leaf Team had encountered the ghost without resisting the opponent's supernatural abilities, and the team had received attribute damage. Later, they recovered naturally, but their combat effectiveness was definitely lowered during that time.

At this moment, Eisweiss finally stood up, pulling King Qingwei, who was still sitting awkwardly on the ground.

"The body type of this ferocious rodent is not sufficient to pass through the gap in the wooden door," Eisweiss analyzed calmly.

King Qingwei was observing the floor situation on the first floor of the watchtower, thinking to herself whether it was necessary to use a detection device to search below.

There was no food inside the watchtower, and it was impossible for this ferocious rodent to have grown fat by eating food here. The vines on the wall also showed no signs of being eaten.

As for the fragments on the wooden door, it meant that it was not caused by an ordinary mouse, but rather by the ferocious rodent eating it.

So, it seems that there may be a mysterious passage in the watchtower that this ferocious rodent can enter.

Zhao Xu looked at the two women, unable to help but laugh.

It's true that once intelligent people lack basic information and reasoning, they are easily misled. "This ferocious rodent's climbing skill is nearly 11 levels higher," Zhao Xu simply said.
Here is the translation of the text:

The agility of the ferocious mouse is not high, but it has the innate ability to climb, and its climbing is very stable. As long as it can climb up, it will hardly fall. At this point, the two women finally realized.

In fact, they had also noticed the hole in the second-floor window, which was just big enough for the ferocious mouse to squeeze through. However, they did not expect the opponent's heavy body to actually climb up.

"I found this notebook in the sand pile," Zhao Xu pulled out the notebook from his pocket, just as the sharp cry was interrupted.

Since it was confirmed that the ferocious mouse had died, let's get back to the topic.

The two women's faces turned red, but they quickly observed the black-bound notebook in Zhao Xu's hand, which had a tight strap wrapped around it.

Zhao Xu then loosened the strap and carefully opened the notebook. However, the pages inside the notebook were all torn and broken, and the writing on them was blurry and unclear.

"Commander, how old is that story?" Wang Qingwei asked with some confusion.

Zhao Xu slightly furrowed his brow, recalling something, and said in a doubtful tone, "It should be about 400 years old."

At this point, Esvee interjected, "I just checked, and my knowledge skills failed. However, I've read the history of the construction of the thousand-year-old city of Mistral, and if you tell me the name of the commander or the military unit, maybe I'll remember something."

"The Southern Flag Army, the commander's name, I think it's Sweet Lester," Zhao Xu said.
Here is the translation of the text:

Esiwix nodded slightly, saying, "That's indeed 400 years ago. The city's emblem has a record of the Sweet family moving over the mountain range 500 years ago. Their descendants still live in Mistral. Mistral issued a decree 300 years ago, prohibiting any foreign military forces from setting up camp within a 300-mile radius."

Esiwix immediately compressed the timeline to the 500-year and 300-year intervals, which coincidentally matched the 400-year mark Zhao Xu mentioned.

Zhao Xu quickly searched his knowledge (aristocracy and royal family) database, but failed to find any information on this family name. It seemed that the other party's knowledge was indeed based on their powerful memory.

However, this was not what Zhao Xu intended to solve. If he had used his previous magical skills or the book that allowed him to boost his knowledge check results three times a day, he could have retrieved the information.

This was also a skill that was considered one of the strongest among the knowledge skills, as it represented a powerful intelligence operation.

Zhao Xu then began to analyze the building materials of the tower. Despite being over 400 years old, the tower's quality was surprisingly good.

However, Zhao Xu's expression suddenly changed as he gazed at the two women, saying, "This tower is absolutely impossible to have been abandoned for 400 years."

As he spoke, Zhao Xu pointed to the spiral staircase, saying, "This type of terracotta brickwork is a 200-year-old innovation by the master craftsman Nafur. How could it appear in a building from 400 years ago?"

The two women were both stunned, knowing that the architectural style was from a certain period and could be dated. However, even knowing the craftsmanship timeline of a single brick was a bit too astonishing.

Unless one had invested skill points in both brick-making and masonry skills, it was unlikely to know the detailed history of brickwork.
Here is the translation of the text:

It's unbelievable that the man in front of us has mastered the skills of architecture and engineering to the level of 10 or above, relying solely on his broad knowledge skills to search for it.

However, they couldn't possibly guess that Zhao Xiu had crossed over from his previous life and, relying on his own authority, had his parents nearly monopolize the small town's "brick factory".

At that time, the red brick craftsmanship was still Zhao Xiu's special skill, which he had obtained after going to the big city to visit friends and drink wine, and after begging for it several times.

He naturally had a deep impression of this.

At this moment, the two women also gazed seriously at the spiral staircase leading to the second floor.

If what Zhao Xiu said was true, there were only two possible explanations.

One possibility was that the staircase had been renovated by someone afterwards.

Another possibility was that this tower had not been the original tower 500 years ago.

At this time, the three of them thought of these two possibilities and looked at each other.

When we were in the "Forest of Deception", we were still skeptical and uncertain, so when we encountered strange phenomena, our hearts were still calm.

However, this was a real tower, but there was such an unusual and illogical scene.

Who would intentionally spend a hundred years to create this deception?

As Zhao Xiu, the team leader, looked at the two women, who were slightly tense, he said, "Let's go straight to the top floor and confirm that there are no outsiders here."

At the beginning, they didn't search first, as the door was very small, and they didn't think there was a high probability of people being here. However, they didn't expect that there would be a violent mouse climbing up to the second-floor window and entering.

After determining the plan, Zhao Xiu continued to lead the way, with the two women following closely behind him.

The tower had five floors, and this military facility and private building were different, with no handrails on the spiral staircases. The three of them could only rely on the wall edge to climb.
Here is the translation of the text:

The floors that followed didn't seem to have any significant changes. The second floor was a meeting room with a collapsed conference table, and the same was torn apart by those vicious mice. The third floor was a rest area for sentries or officers, and the fourth floor was an armory, with some weapon racks still intact, but the valuable weapons had already been removed.

The only thing that remained was two hand-hewn stone pillars, which had not been taken away and were still stacked against the wall. Zhao Xuan didn't think much of it and continued to lead the two women to the fifth floor, which was the highest level of the watchtower and the lookout post.

Zhao Xuan walked up the stairs and suddenly his field of vision expanded, taking in the entire desolate landscape on the other side. The watchtower was built primarily for surveillance purposes, so the fifth floor had a completely unobstructed view.

Above was a wooden structure that was previously used for shading and rain protection, but it had long since collapsed, leaving only the floor and some scattered wooden fragments. Even the lookout post that could be climbed to go higher had disappeared.

"Those vicious mice won't eat wood scraps, will they?" Esvech said, looking at the remaining wooden blocks on the ground.

"This stone pillar is a bit strange," King Wengwei said, standing in the middle of the room, with a stone grinder-like object in front of him.

The two of them immediately walked forward and found that the stone pillar had a vertical stone cone on its surface. At that moment, the morning sun was quite good, shining on the stone cone and casting a shadow that covered a spot that was written in common language as the number 10.

It represented 10 o'clock.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Kong Wei, this is a sundial, relying on the sun's different positions at different times of the day in the sky, allowing you to judge the current time based on the shadow... Ah, Eisweiss's voice trailed off.

Zhao Xu looked at the sundial, his face solemn.

He lifted his head, and the warm sunlight shone directly on his face, making people feel warm and cozy.

However, the back of Zhao Xu was surprisingly cool.

There used to be a wooden canopy above, blocking the sunlight from reaching down. Why would they put up a sundial like this?"