
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 188: Offering the Divine Artifact

After Zhao Xu finished casting his spell, he realized that the scenery before him began to change, retreating back in time like a river flowing through history.

In the flash of an instant, he felt his mind wander, and when he regained his focus, he found himself back on the watchtower, with Esveith and Wang Qingwei, who looked just as perplexed as he did.

The two women seemed to be in a daze, still trying to wrap their heads around what had just happened. They had been sitting on the grass just moments before, and now they were suddenly here? Zhao Xu spoke directly to them, saying, "I've reversed time. You two, keep running!"

Esveith and Wang Qingwei didn't question Zhao Xu or ask whether he had mastered the Time Reversal Technique. They simply followed his instructions, ignoring all doubts and rushing towards the short wall barrier.

This was also the reason Zhao Xu liked to team up with smart people.

The "Time Reversal Talisman" had sent Zhao Xu back to six seconds ago, with everyone in the area in the same state. When the two women jumped into mid-air, they would discover that their used spell slots had been restored.

Zhao Xu stood on the fifth floor of the watchtower, feeling the warm light of dawn. Just moments before, he had realized where he had transmitted himself to, and there wouldn't be a horde of muscular demons staring back at him. His tense mind had relaxed slightly.

Zhao Xu tapped his index finger against the ring on his finger, entering stealth mode. Although he suspected that the stone tablet still had some magical properties, he decided to pull out his defense wand and cast a spell directly at the stone tablet: "Dispel Magic."
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu held the staff, which was always full of magical energy, and shot a dispelling spell at the notebook. However, the opponent did not flinch. Zhao Xu shook his head directly.

It seemed that this was not a good omen, as he had wasted two units of magical energy from his staff. However, his cloaking spell was not canceled due to the spellcasting.

It seemed to imply something. When Zhao Xu cast a spell on what he thought was his enemy, his cloaking effect would disappear. At that moment, the purple light column from the notebook fell on Zhao Xu again.

This time, Zhao Xu was calm and quiet, like waiting for takeoff. After a few seconds, the purple light slowly enveloped him, and the teleportation effect was activated.

Zhao Xu looked at the room he had just left, shaking his head. He couldn't understand why the notebook was staring at him.

After a few seconds, the notebook that had teleported Zhao Xu reappeared on the stone pedestal.

Zhao Xu was forced to confirm that Wang Qingwei and the other woman were safe. However, he was certain that he had been teleported by the notebook.

Zhao Xu walked quietly and opened the notebook to flip through it. He found that the contents had changed, with new text added.

"'Today, he told me that as long as I find a reason to kill a soldier, claiming it's due to illness, and bury it at the location he requires, he will grant me life.'"
"'I tried it, and I really did become younger, my appearance and energy have improved.'"
"'No, why does it seem like horns are growing on my head?'"
"'Ah!'"
"'I've become a demon.'"
Zhao Xu saw the last part of the notebook.
Here is the translation of the text:

As for the previous part, it is mainly the commander of the garrison's various combat thoughts and training experiences, etc.

Zhao Xu had a hard time believing it, and after re-reading the notes again, he found that there was no mention of the altar or the stone pillars.

At this moment, Zhao Xu's invisible thoughts were wandering, considering various possibilities.

This means that those things were completed by the opponent after becoming a devil.

Although he was deceived into entering this suspected devil's den by this booklet, Zhao Xu still put the notebook in his pocket.

Since he had already entered, Zhao Xu decided not to use the "wind transmission technique", as the carrier of this technique is the wind, relying on the wind's flow to transmit information.

Two women went to report on the situation in Lei'an, and it was almost the same.

At this moment, Zhao Xu slowed down his footsteps, fearing that his footsteps would disturb some hidden existence.

Next, Zhao Xu used his head to peer around, confirming that there were no patrols of devils in the vicinity, and then walked out of the room and into the corridor.

Compared to the static knowledge effect of devils, the devil's concealment methods were greatly limited.

However, Zhao Xu also knew that the devils in this world were not as simple as recorded in the data.

It's not surprising that he encountered an ordinary-looking devil who had additional concealment effects.

So, having an invisible effect on himself at this moment did not mean he was invincible.

Zhao Xu's current location was a long corridor with stone walls on all sides, with occasional gates that could be entered.

Zhao Xu walked forward slowly.

He glanced around twice and realized that the gates behind these gates were actually prisons, designed to detain prisoners.
Here is the translation:

When Zhao Xu couldn't help but turn back to look at the stone monument that had sent him away, he noticed that the door to the room at the end of the corridor was unlocked. It looked like a teleportation room, and it was possible that some dark forces had used this path to arrive. If that were the case, it would be unnecessary for them to use a teleportation spell later. Zhao Xu was worried that he might be foolish enough to stay in the teleportation room, only to be discovered by the demons that had come back or the ones that were patrolling the area, and then he would be caught off guard.

After making up his mind, Zhao Xu walked down the corridor towards the prison. He walked all the way to the end and only then noticed that his field of vision had changed. He saw that in front of him was a grand hall with a circular dome. Besides the door he was standing in front of, which led to the prison and the teleportation room, there were three doors in front of him that led to different directions, corresponding to the east, west, and north.

Zhao Xu walked straight up to the doors and took out his silver thread and bell, starting to cast the "Alarm Barrier" spell. Since his magical boundary was closely tied to the other three doors, anyone who appeared in the hall afterwards would be detected by Zhao Xu.

By grasping the key nodes of personnel flow, Zhao Xu had achieved one of his goals.

This meant that no matter which path Zhao Xu chose to continue moving forward, he wouldn't have to worry about someone sneaking up from behind him, unaware of his presence.

After finishing these preparations, Zhao Xu carefully placed the bell he was holding in a corner. However, just as he was about to stand up, he hesitated, looking at the bell. He thought for a while before deciding to consume another second-level spell slot to cast the "Mentor of Spies' Coin" spell.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The Coin of the Spy Master" is equivalent to Zhao Xu being able to turn a single coin into a hidden camera and listening device. However, the cost is that it is one-time use. The spell can last for 6 hours in Zhao Xu's hands, and during this time, he can see the specific course of events for the next 6 rounds (36 seconds) whenever he activates the spell. Naturally, Zhao Xu can start the spell effect and watch the scene unfold after he finds a warning signal. After releasing the spell, he sets the bell as a monitoring tool and continues to move forward, but suddenly, he notices that his notebook in his chest pocket is slightly moving. At this moment, Zhao Xu, feeling confident with his invisibility, doesn't care too much and finds a corner of the hall with a shadow, leaning against the wall to open the notebook. The latest page of the notebook, which was reassembled from fragments, contains new content. "I don't know, what I am when I wake up every day. I know that the duration of 'I' is getting shorter and more is 'it' waking up." "It" is searching for the "Blood Altar". I built a "Watchtower" according to its request, and with the Watchtower, "it" can observe more conveniently, but it also means that the time left for "I" is running out." "It" wants to find that altar where a sacred artifact is enshrined." This time, the content of the notebook ends here. It seems that we have entered a new area and can feel a different atmosphere, and the notebook will continue to release more knowledge. Zhao Xu looks at the word "sacred artifact" for a long time and cannot move. Now he knows the source of the shielding power in this area. Energy interference is the most tyrannical.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, Anaïs didn't dare to take the sacred artifact that Anzai had given him. Now that the demons are worshiping the sacred artifact, Zhao Xu doesn't dare to touch it, and directly turns his head to avoid it, giving up the middle path that might have led to the altar. He then walks straight to the right-hand door.

Zhao Xu needs to walk a few more places to fully activate the content of the notebook. As a notebook that carries important transmission, it follows him as he reaches this underground city. Therefore, Zhao Xu doesn't expect that Rayan and the others will find this place quickly.

This is also the reason why Zhao Xu tried to make a simple search and rescue. Compared to the environment at the beginning of the hall, the road on the right-hand side has more murals on the walls, but most of them have fallen off and are no longer visible. Unlike the road he came from, there are no rooms on either side of this road.

Zhao Xu continues to walk to the end, and in front of him is a heavy stone door carved from giant stones. The door is adorned with various patterns. However, the most important thing is that in the center of the stone door, there is a carved image of a skeleton holding a scythe.

Is this the altar of the God of Death? Zhao Xu can't help but take another step forward, noticing that there is a line of text above the image - "Believers Enter". Below the text is a shallow groove about two fingers wide, which is just the right size to fit a holy symbol.

This means that the former God of Death, who had disappeared along with the second-generation magic goddess, has not been resurrected. Currently, the God of Death is being managed by multiple gods, including the magic goddess Sylvia.

Is his holy symbol of any use?
At this moment, Zhao Xu took out his Saint Seal and gently placed it in the concave pit.

"Clunk."

The stone door moved.