
Chapter 199: The Mage's Escape Method

Suddenly, there were four consecutive "Whoosh" sounds.

In Zhao Xu's mind, four legendary "Prayer" magic circles suddenly appeared, as if he had prepared them himself.

As long as he had the "Final Tome", he could use the "Prayer" magic even if the opponent was not nearby.

Zhao Xu didn't care about the level 20 monster "Deep Hell Furnace" and directly immersed himself in the spellcasting state, starting to drive the use of the "Prayer" magic.

He had previously used the "Prayer" magic in the Final Scroll Space.

However, at that time, he was in a simulated space, so the effects of the spell used were the same as those he acquired in the 8th layer of the Hall of Wisdom, "True Illusion".

After leaving that door, everything disappeared into thin air.

So, after knowing this, Zhao Xu didn't bother to upgrade his attributes.

This time, he finally got the real "Prayer" magic, and his mind suddenly became excited.

He thought about how to unbalance Arthur, of course, how to break the balance.

"I want to increase my Intelligence attribute by 1."

Zhao Xu didn't even move, just driving the magic circles in his mind and uttering his wish.

The content of his wish was the incantation of this spell!

Suddenly, the nine-ring magic circles disappeared.

The void suddenly summoned a powerful master force, following Zhao Xu's will and injecting the energy to enhance his Intelligence attribute into his body.

[Summer, the Adventurer, uses the "Prayer" magic to increase his Intelligence attribute by 1 internally.]
Here is the translation:

Zhao Xu suddenly looked at the information panel on his character card, and found that his intelligence value had increased from its original 17 to 18.

In the past, Anzhi Noya had once used a "wish spell" on Zhao Xu to increase his intelligence to 17, meeting the learning requirements for the "precognitive insight" specialty.

At the time, Anzhi Noya had mentioned that the wish spell could only be used continuously to enhance attributes.

This meant that if someone else used a "wish spell" on him again, the effect of the first "int+1" would cover the effect of Anzhi Noya's "int+1", resulting in Zhao Xu still having an intelligence of 17.

However, the current situation was that his character card had recognized the increase. He thought that he was receiving the blessings of the "wish spell" just like before, and that Zhao Xu could only understand the power of the artifact as such.

However, it didn't matter if the effect was covered. If one page of the wish spell was not enough, he could use two pages.

At this point, Zhao Xu's state of mind had become somewhat agitated, but he was still able to maintain his composure and continue casting the spell.

...Intelligence increased by 5!

After completing the fourth "wish spell", the page of magic was officially exhausted.

Zhao Xu had gained an additional 4 points of internal intelligence increase, and his intelligence attribute had reached 21, ranking him among the top players.

Although the current adjustment value was only +5, when he reached level 4, he could increase his attribute, and his intelligence adjustment value would become +6. The skills points he obtained in the future would come from intelligence, which would be 6 points, rather than the previous 3.

With the additional 3 points of skills points, he could also add the 1 point from the feedback of the invested item, totaling 4 points.

This would still be the case at every level.
Here is the translation of the text:

This means that Zhao Xu is unlike other players of the same level, who only learned the "Wish" skill at level 17. Within the 14-level interval from level 3 to level 17, he had accumulated an additional 56 skill points. Moreover, his various intelligence-based skills, such as knowledge checks, have been significantly improved, with a 2-3 level increase. Even Asvi, who is known for his knowledge (mysterious) checks, has to concede defeat to Zhao Xu.

Furthermore, Zhao Xu's spell slots have reached a new level.

However, Zhao Xu did not stop there. He first let Larkspur transform randomly, so the transformation duration was not short. There were four "Wish" skills on the first page, followed by nearly twenty pages.

Just as Zhao Xu was about to instruct Larkspur to arrange the "Wish" skills, Larkspur suddenly spoke up: "Master, that's enough."

"What?" Zhao Xu asked.

After all, he had carefully studied the detailed content of the "Wish" skills, and the safest way was to copy spells based on whether they were allowed or prohibited by the guild list. The copied spells had levels ranging from six to eight.

The remaining safe use of the "Wish" skills was to use them to "teleport", "bestow magical items", "create wealth", or "cancel disasters".

But can't he prepare anymore?

Can't he attract attention?

"Master, you have consecutively cast four 'Wish' skills, which has already stirred up enough waves in fate. If you continue to cast them, otherworldly beings will start to pay attention to where you're getting so many spell slots from the 'Wish' skills."

Larkspur's warning was straightforward and verified Zhao Xu's judgment.

Each sentence of the "Wish" skill is a modification of this world.
It directly constructs a fantasy into reality, then rewrites it.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

At this moment, Laxus warned him that using a prayer-like magic that can influence the world's will, if used excessively, would attract excessive attention. Other nine-ring mages might even receive praise for being "brave" because of the attention caused by the prayer-like magic. However, for Zhao Xu, it meant the beginning of a disaster, as he was now burdened with guilt.

Even if he could still continue to use the prayer-like magic, he knew that he had to hurry up and arrange things, or Laxus would revert to his original form.

As Zhao Xu thought about the various battle-related spells in his mind, he suddenly found himself switching his mental focus to a different type of magic. However, he was clear about one thing.

From the moment Zhao Xu used the "Time Stop" spell, he had used a protective spell to ensure his survival. Now, he could do the same thing.

"Quick Protection!"

Zhao Xu immediately recited the name of the nine-ring magic spell.

The duration of Avery's magic was generally limited, ranging from a few seconds to a few hours or even days. However, there was a special type of magic that could remain in effect permanently until triggered.

The "Food Spirit Seal" spell that Zhao Xu encountered in the stone coffin room was an example of this. It remained dormant until Zhao Xu entered the range, and then it triggered, putting Zhao Xu into a state of numbness.

Similarly, the "Quick Protection" spell was also of this type.

After casting this spell, Zhao Xu left behind a secret ritual on his body and mind, waiting for it to be triggered.
Here is the translation:

Then he set up six scenarios, and as soon as any one of them took effect, the spell would trigger and send Zhao Xu to a designated location. For example, Zhao Xu could set up a "dying state" as a trigger, so that if he was wounded and on the brink of death in the future, he would automatically be sent away.

The entire process did not require his manual operation and did not occupy a daily spell slot, making it a one-time use. This also meant that Zhao Xu had gained an additional way to escape in the future.

The reason why mages were so powerful was that they had too many such spells and too many methods to respond to crises. In the end, mages could even resolve things without leaving their homes.

"Escape Spell!"
Zhao Xu immediately set up the second spell.

"Are you saying that you were possessed by this temple?" Lakshi looked at Zhao Xu, who had chosen all these sudden-escape spells that could be triggered, and couldn't help but worry.

The Escape Spell was a level 7 spell for mages and a level 9 spell for priests.

When casting this spell, it was necessary to link an item. After that, as long as one said the incantation and shattered the item, one could enjoy the spell's effect and be directly sent back to the caster's residence.

Even the item could be given to someone else, and once they shattered it, they would also be sent to the location designated by Zhao Xu.

Combining it with the previous "Instant Shelter" spell, Zhao Xu still had two standard permanent escape methods, even without the teleportation spell.

At this time, Zhao Xu saw that there were three spells left and directly took out another few items from his backpack, corresponding to the spells and casting them one by one.
Here is the translation of the text:

At the same time, he also pulled out a handful of gems from his backpack, dividing them into four groups, each with around 8-9 gems.

Luckily, he had brought some gems for casting spells.

Gem jumping is a six-ring spell, and this time, Zhao Xu consecutively cast the gem jumping spell four times, using up the last bit of his energy.

The effect of the gem jumping spell is that Zhao Xu can obtain powerful teleportation abilities by whispering to the gems. As long as he is facing the gems, he can teleport to the target location.

According to the "Wan Fa Zhi Shu" (an ancient book), at level 20, seven additional gems can be arranged.

This means that Zhao Xu can completely place the seven gems in a special position, equivalent to having a small teleportation device. He can even teleport to the location of the seven gems if someone else is holding them.

After releasing the spell, the "Wan Fa Zhi Shu" in front of him suddenly disappeared.

However, he did not show the slightest hint of regret.

Just after this operation, he cast the nine-ring "Instant Protection" spell, giving six types of teleportation abilities.

He also cast the "Escape" spell four times, giving four objects teleportation abilities.

He also cast the "Gem Jumping" spell four times, giving four groups of gems teleportation abilities.

Who could stop him later? He was aware of this.

After all, the artifact would accompany him from now on, and he was not worried about facing difficulties.

After finishing these, Zhao Xu noticed that the "Deep Prison Refining Demon" had almost eliminated the corruption on his body.

He then walked over and picked up the dimensional bag on the ground.

This was something that the "Deep Prison Refining Demon" could not take with him, and it was also his spoils of war.

Yes, the devil with a wallet is a good devil.