
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 22: The Disappearing Magic Book

Zhao Xu's mind had already started calculating the cost of copying the magic book. Magicians would find it difficult to copy the book, with the first challenge being whether they could even find the book, and the second being the cost of copying the book. However, he relied on An Tianya and borrowed from her, and since she would likely give him a discount, the main difficulty was the cost of copying the book.

Now that he had chosen this specialization, he felt completely at ease and had no more worries.

As he thought this, Zhao Xu nodded and said, "Teacher, I choose this specialization."
An Tianya heard him say this and looked taken aback. She thought for a moment before saying, "Alright, I'll..."
"Uh, teacher?" Zhao Xu noticed that the other person suddenly stopped and looked surprised.

"Not bad, I just checked my memories. After the Great Disaster, the 'Wise Heart' practitioners changed from a specialization to a profession. I clearly learned it when I was younger."

Zhao Xu's eyebrows twitched slightly. A profession was something that every professional in that profession would have.

However, there were also some selectable profession features.

The way to select these profession features was to give up some original profession features as a trade-off.

At this point, An Tianya had already explained to him: "According to the new requirements, the 'Wise Heart' profession feature requires giving up the two profession features of copying scrolls and summoning magical creatures."

"Teacher, are these profession features important?" Zhao Xu asked, not very clear about the inner workings of these magicians, but he was willing to learn.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Summoning a pet, you won't be able to use the pet's skills without mastering them. Besides, we originally planned to assign you another specialization, so giving up is not a big deal. Moreover, you can learn 'Summoning' through a specialization, so giving up is not a big loss."

"As for the profession of copying scrolls, it is still quite important for mages. Scrolls can replace a mage's spell slots, avoiding the situation where a mage has mastered a spell but cannot use it because they haven't prepared the corresponding spell."

"Therefore, mages prepare spells daily to respond to unexpected situations, so they always have scrolls prepared."

After listening to Anzhi's explanation, Zhao Xu lowered his head to think. If he gave up, he would have to rely on buying scrolls instead of producing them himself.

"Of course, if you're willing to spend a specialization, you can learn 'Summoning' through a specialization."

After hearing this, Zhao Xu's thoughts slowly came back to him.

The ability to copy scrolls is also a specialization that can be learned. He didn't find it strange, otherwise, there would be no scrolls available on the market.

Or to put it another way, a 1st-level mage is given 'Summoning' as a free specialization.

However, this means that the cost of 'Summoning' has become clear.

Summoning is a unique ability of mages and clerics, and it is worth a specialization.

This big change has caused the price of specializations to rise.

Now, it takes two specializations to buy something that originally cost one.

"And, although you don't need to spend materials to copy scrolls after choosing the 'Mindfulness' ability, you still have to pay the price in terms of mental stimulation."

Zhao Xu's face turned pale with frustration.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's too late to say this now, this is just a joke, right?"

The director said, "Who else can awaken this ability like this?"

He didn't need to elaborate, it was already obvious.

He recorded the magic formula into his memory.

Of course, he couldn't provide the magic book to others to copy, and he wouldn't receive the borrowing fee.

This was already a problem. Not long ago, Anxinyue had just told him about the "blessing book", a dream come true for a mage.

He used his wise mind to cast a spell, but he wouldn't be able to enjoy the 12.5 GP per page fee. Instead, it would be the original 50 GP per page cost.

The price had increased fourfold.

If the wise mind was the same as 12.5 GP per page, he would have accepted it.

"Don't you think it's great not to carry a magic book?" Anxinyue said, with a tone that was full of satisfaction and lack of hunger.

"Every day, I have to prepare magic, and I have to take out one book after another to flip through them. It's really tiring. Not to mention carrying this thing, even with a dimension bag, it's still very inconvenient."

After hearing this, Zhao Xu's emotions finally stabilized.

Mages need magic books to prepare magic, and magic books have become a mage's essential item.

In the middle of the night, you might be ambushed, and you have to grab the magic book and run.

Before getting a dimension bag that costs at least 2500 GP, players have to carry these books in person.

A dimension bag, even the cheapest one, can carry 200 pounds of things, while a normal magic book weighs around 2-3 pounds. Carrying dozens of books is a breeze.

"Director, shall we just give up?" Zhao Xu said after thinking about it.

It's tiring, but money is more important.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Yeah, since this ability can only be chosen at level 1, you can change it before completing your training. Hearing An Ti Nuo Ya's words, Zhao Xu's heart was filled with some anxiety.

Sometimes, not having a choice can actually be a blessing in disguise. Like him, having some other players who don't have a choice, would be troubled by the decision.

But Zhao Xu suddenly thought that An Ti Nuo Ya said she had mastered the "Wise Heart" skill, which meant that she had paid a price to summon a pet, similar to Zhao Xu. She also spent 50 GP per page to record spells, just like legendary mages.

People usually choose this way, and it's not like they're randomly choosing. 'Teacher, did you choose this for other reasons as well?' Zhao Xu continued to ask for guidance.

However, An Ti Nuo Ya was still very happy to explain to Zhao Xu, 'Yes, I chose this route because I didn't want to leave a weakness in my spellbook.'

'And besides, you actually have an advantage. If you choose to become a "Tome Scholar" at level 2, copying scrolls is one of the profession's characteristics.'

Hearing this, Zhao Xu almost slapped his thigh.

It felt like An Ti Nuo Ya was deliberately trying to tease him, not saying it earlier.

This special talent is very valuable.
He chose the human race, and received a reward talent.
Zhao Xu could only grit his teeth and say, 'Teacher, I'll still choose to replace this ability.'

Using the summoning pet ability to exchange for one that will generate more money but doesn't require a spellbook, Zhao Xu made the deal.

'Alright, the awakening method for this ability will be discussed later.'"
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu glanced around the room, except for the incense burning slowly in the corner, the medieval-style furniture showed no signs of anything out of the ordinary.

Anzhenya cast a warning spell, knowing it was possible, but it was unlikely that someone was listening in.

"What are you thinking? I'll just cast a telepathic spell to see if you can identify the spell with your current magical abilities?" he said.

Anzhenya let out a soft laugh.

Zhao Xu could only laugh awkwardly along with her, but his mind was already racing ahead to the future.

With this ability, he at least wouldn't have any weaknesses in his magical book, and he wouldn't have to worry about other mages playing tricks on him by stealing or destroying his magical book.

At the very least, he wouldn't need to be so scared of surprise attacks for the next hour.