
Here is the translation:

Chapter 215: The Key to Positive Energy

Zhao Xu's fireball technique exploded, covering an area of over 100 square meters, equivalent to the size of a three-bedroom apartment. The intense flames illuminated Zhao Xu's face, making it turn red.

In front of him, not a single skeleton warrior could stand upright. Even their gruesome remains were torn apart by the explosive force of the fireball, reduced to ashes.

Only a few isolated mummies were still burning, lying on the ground, struggling to crawl towards Zhao Xu. No matter how much debate there was in the wizarding community about the validation of plastic energy wizards, it was clear that fireball cannons could not prove the greatness of wizards.

However, in this low-level stage, these plastic energy spells were the most direct manifestation of a wizard's power!

Originally, it took multiple blows to defeat a single skeleton warrior. It was impossible to defeat a team of skeleton soldiers without exhausting the entire team.

Under Zhao Xu's fireball technique, all of this was laid bare. The efficiency of close-range attacks and the efficiency of spell slaughter were finally revealed.

Especially, this bone yard had a negative energy blessing, constantly restoring the life value of undead creatures. In essence, the skeletons could not be killed with a single blow, meaning they could not be killed at all.

Just after Zhao Xu cast his "fireball technique", the damage overflowed, causing a clearing effect.

A month ago, he had to use his maximum damage "magic missile" to barely kill a skeleton warrior with a life value below the average.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even when facing a group of fully equipped 1st-level adventurers, Zhao Xu's fireball would basically have no effect, with only a few of them still able to stand.

This is the power of Artesia magic.

At this moment, Zhao Xu didn't even bother to sigh; he continued walking forward.

Luckily, the positive energy key in Zhao Xu's hand continued to replenish his 10 HP of life force after being reduced by the negative energy field.

As Zhao Xu took each step forward, the positive energy key in his hand shone brighter and brighter.

Even the light ring emitted by the key directly pressed on the undead creatures approaching him, causing their originally dull eyes to reveal a fearful expression.

Ultimately, when Zhao Xu reached the top of the platform, the entire skeletal square was empty, with no undead creatures daring to approach him within a 40-meter radius.

This caused Zhao Xu's originally prepared battle plan to fall through, and he was instead able to safely walk to the end with the key in hand.

At this point, he had already noticed that the key's healing effect was almost 100 HP per round.
Moreover, this healing effect was still increasing, and they had already reached the 7th round.

After three more rounds, the key would transport its holder to the positive energy plane.

At this point, Zhao Xu finally felt a sense of relief.
At least he had broken free from the restricted transportation area and could now teleport away at will.

Zhao Xu didn't intend to go to that miserable positive energy plane, so he directly tried to throw the positive energy key onto the ground.

Zhao Xu had a hint of doubt in his heart; he needed to observe the situation.

The key, which had fallen on the edge of the skeletal pile, emitted a faint, icy-white glow, which was only slightly suppressed by the negative energy field before continuing to shine.
Here is the translation:

However, the intensity did not weaken much, and the energy intensity overflowing now has already exceeded 100 HP per round. It's no longer the initial 30 HP per round. Naturally, this negative energy intensity is only 10 points per round, and it's impossible to cover up its brilliance. At this moment, Zhao Xu is holding the magic giant scythe in his hand, preparing to climb up the rope hanging above. The positive energy key has formed a self-sustaining cycle due to the sufficient positive energy intensity output, and it can maintain itself even without a living being holding it, until the last moment of transmission. This self-sustaining ability also serves as a protective barrier, ensuring the safety of Zhao Xu as he climbs up the rope. Zhao Xu's mind is still calm and composed, thinking that when he first picked up the key, it suddenly exploded with positive energy and killed the skeleton on the spot. This was the key's first activation and the reason Zhao Xu saw it for the ninth round. As for the invisible servant, it seems that, being non-living, it is completely exempt from the regulations of the positive and negative energy fields, and it has not received any influence from the start to the end, nor has it continued to stimulate the opponent's intensity. Suddenly, Zhao Xu noticed a detail. The skeleton controlled by him, which was "killed" by the positive energy transmission key and then fell to the ground, did not continue to glow. The key itself did not continue to burst with light. This means that the negative energy field has sealed the key's ability!
Here is the translation of the text:

Perhaps the remains at the bottom of the earth, in terms of the key, intensity is not just 10HP, but has just reached the level of suppressing the key's intensity.

Once the negative energy maintains balance with the key, the ordinary overflow energy of the key just disappears, and naturally, there is no extra ability to walk the road of positive feedback.

But?

According to the player's style of pulling a bird's hair, he just threw it away?

Zhao Xiu's eyebrows furrowed slightly, and at this time, the key's energy intensity had already risen to the next level, and he estimated that it had at least 130HP of positive energy intensity per round.

Zhao Xiu didn't even say that in his past life, let alone this life, he had never seen such a miraculous key.

When he was about to die, taking it out was like a lifesaver.

Even on the battlefield, taking it out could make all allies regain their full state and full life.

But the key was good, but it had reached the end of its life.

In two more rounds, the opponent would officially complete their mission and transform into a transporter to the positive energy plane.

According to his estimation, unless there was enough negative energy intensity to match the key's healing amount per round, it would be impossible to think of re-sealing it like at the beginning.

Suddenly, Zhao Xiu thought of something.

He had once found a "Heavy Wound" spell scroll in the treasure chest of the underground temple.

It could create an output of 150HP of damage.

If it weren't for the "Unkillable Curtain" at the beginning, he would have been basically "Heavy Wound" killed the moment he landed.

Let's take a gamble!

Zhao Xiu made this judgment on the spot.

The unknown "Half-Plane", which was once the place of punishment of the God of Death, was looking at the descriptions in the library in front of him, with the outside information being cut off and grasped by the Association.
Here is the translation:

However, the true situation inside might be too complex for even the Association of Mages to intervene greatly.

The "Five-Step" rule is so strict that even the Association wouldn't dare to intervene beyond the fifth step. They can only arrange for a three-person trial and one emergency rescue.

As Zhao Xu's mind flashed with countless analytical scenarios, his hands didn't stop moving. He had already taken out the "Heavy Wound" spellbook.

Then, he unfolded the ancient-looking scroll and began to recognize the incantations on it according to the formal procedure. Next, he started casting the spell!

The "Heavy Wound" spellbook in Zhao Xu's hand was worth 1650 gold coins. It could only be used by mages of the priest, druid, and other professions.

With the ritual and Aeonstone combined, Zhao Xu, a 5th-level mage, could stably use a 5th-level spellbook, which was equivalent to those three-ring spellbooks.

However, if the spellbook's level exceeded 6th level, even Zhao Xu might not be able to successfully cast it.

Otherwise, a 1st-level mage holding a stack of 9-ring spellbooks could take on anyone.

Zhao Xu followed the spellcasting pattern, chanting the incantations on the scroll.

At this moment, he was conducting a level check for the mage.

As a 5th-level mage, he added a "Spellcasting Performance Evaluation" score of 1-20. As long as he exceeded the difficulty of 16 on the spellbook, he could successfully cast it.

Zhao Xu hadn't been possessed by the "Heavy Wound" spell recently, but even his current environment, which was most conducive to the pure energy of the Heavy Wound spell, greatly helped his performance.

Finally, Zhao Xu finished chanting the last incantation, and a black light cluster emitting a deathly aura condensed in his palm, resembling a black flame of evil.
Here is the translation:

On Zhao Xu's dynamic panel, a prompt had already appeared, indicating that he had just cast the spell incorrectly. The system analyzed his performance as a 13th-tier mage, adding 5 levels of spellcasting experience, and found that it exceeded the difficulty level, allowing him to successfully cast the spell. At this moment, Zhao Xu knelt down, grasping the transfer key that was almost out of time with his hands, which were filled with heavy wound energy.

The black light on Zhao Xu's palm and the white light on the key itself converged, entwining like two snakes killing each other. However, the "heavy wound" spell itself was only a 6th-tier divine spell, which should be cast by a 11th-tier mage at most. Due to the 15th-tier mage's spellbook in Zhao Xu's hand, the damage output was directly capped at 150 HP.

The excess of 2.3 HP enveloped the key. Slowly, the white light on the key itself slowly faded away. At the same time, the spell energy in Zhao Xu's hand was exhausted, and he suddenly thought of putting the key in his backpack.

After completing this step, the energy barrier in front of Zhao Xu disappeared, and the undead creatures he had intimidated continued their original pace, rushing towards him.

Zhao Xu didn't overdo it, and he directly drove himself to the "transfer boot" when he left the restricted transmission area, instantly lifting himself 6 meters high and standing on the high platform.

Behind him, just about 4-5 meters away, a transmission door was continuously emitting blue and white light.

According to the judgment, Zhao Xu could just hold the magic giant scythe and pass through the transmission door to reach the other side. However, Zhao Xu did not rush to pass through the transmission door at this moment and reach the other side. His attention was completely on the giant scythe that was almost 2 meters long and had a +1 dark attribute.

It had a secret.