
Here is the translation:

Chapter 223: Divination

After Zhao Xu used his invisibility technique to leave the marketplace, he directly headed to the Winter City's wizarding guild.

Before he left Mistrila, he went in search of a sacrificial altar where the demon was hiding, and was eventually sent to a small town inn to rest. This was because there was no wizarding guild in that place. Otherwise, he could have relied on his wizarding identity to apply for accommodation at the nearby wizarding guild.

In addition to the affordable price of staying overnight, the wizarding guild itself provided sufficient confidentiality. He wore his wizarding robe and carried a massive scythe, which was quite eye-catching.

Just now, the messenger had only mentioned that he could perform the three-ring spell, but when the opponent also pointed out the scythe, the wizarding apprentice and Shen Nian would realize that the three-ring wizard who had harvested the lives of people like Volan was standing right in front of them.

In Winter City, things moved slowly, and Zhao Xu had previously submitted an application for road maintenance to the city hall, which had been stuck in the approval process at the lord's court for over a year and a half.

However, the gossip in Winter City spread faster than anyone else's. Zhao Xu, who had experienced such absurdity in his past life, was clear that by the latest, everyone would know the details of the recent murder.

Therefore, he wanted to arrive at the wizarding guild before the deadline and apply for accommodation, and then use his skills to change his appearance.

Now, with the enhancement of his magical powers, Zhao Xu was even stronger than a warrior.
Here is the translation of the text:

Finally, Zhao Xu arrived at the Winter City Mage Association's reception desk and directly dismissed his invisibility spell, walking straight to a designated seat to register.

In theory, every mage on the register would not be at a disadvantage when visiting other cities with a Mage Association. At least, the association could provide assistance through various channels.

Zhao Xu had not arrived at his first destination, mainly because the front desk staff handling registration did not know much about Winter City.

Strictly speaking, he was the head honcho here.

This time, Zhao Xu did not bring his super VIP card, also known as the "Secret Silver Emblem" badge.

As he registered, the association would know anyway, and he didn't need to emphasize it. Moreover, he felt that the less external intervention, the better he could find the "Transmission Portal".

"Mr. Zhongxia, sorry. Due to the recent expansion of the mage community and the academic conference held in Winter City, from this month to the end of the month, all registered mages of the association can only stay in double rooms. To apologize, this stay is free. And don't worry, the new accommodation has been approved and will be ready by the end of the month."

The receptionist lady said this in a polite and gentle tone.

Zhao Xu estimated that he had never heard of this policy before.

However, he also caught the other party's key points - probably the two points of "Ring" and "Earth Adventurer" were the reasons for his treatment.

Zhao Xu quickly reacted to this.

Probably, the welfare for registered mages was being taken advantage of too much by those who had graduated from the Ring, resulting in a shortage of empty rooms and necessitating this measure.
Here is the translation of the text:

As for the double room, it should have been converted from the original single room. Zhao Xu didn't plan to adjust the badge representing his identity on the spot, otherwise, he would probably inject his own magical power into it, and the badge would automatically change to a two-ring design.

He also wanted to contact the Winter City mage player to supplement his information, so he still agreed to this double room request.

After all, he wouldn't be staying for long. He went to look for Wolan earlier, actually intending to use the other party to spread the word and pay attention to whether there were any unusual places around.

"Okay, I'll check you in now."

The receptionist girl, despite knowing that the player in front of her wouldn't be too angry, still couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.

For her, these mages were unpredictable.

When Zhao Xu arrived at the target room with the magic key and door card, he found that the room was already occupied by three people: a one-ring mage, two mage apprentices, and they were all sitting on a wicker sofa beside the door.

The room was very spacious, with even after placing two beds, there was still a large empty space in the middle. In the corner was a desk with a simple alchemy device.

On the other side of the corridor was a bookshelf, with most of the books being relatively simple magic books.

"Uh?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but have some doubts, had it become a four-person room?

"Oh, I'm sorry, they're mage apprentices from the Association who haven't graduated yet. I heard you came to Winter City specifically to see me, and sorry, they'll leave soon."

(Note: I translated the text as accurately as possible, but please note that the translation may not be perfect, and some nuances may be lost in translation.)
Here is the translation of the text:

The ring wizard sitting on the sofa quickly got up, gesturing to Zhao Xu, "My name is 'Rainstorm Night', a 1st-level wizard."

When he heard the other's self-introduction, Zhao Xu also nodded slightly, "Summer Solstice, 1st-level wizard."

In general, players who take on game IDs that are not in line with the original name of Arthur, it's hard for them to become widely known.

Many players after crossing over would use their real name.

Especially for those who took names that sounded embarrassing.

Zhao Xu didn't say much, first putting his giant scythe on the side of an unused bed. He had just borrowed some simple bandages from the front desk and wrapped his giant scythe, making it difficult to recognize its original shape.

So the three people in the room didn't pay much attention.

"Hey, have you heard that 'Chaos Lake' has gone missing recently?" said a slightly chubby apprentice sitting alone on the side.

"Ah, 'Chaos Lake' is a dark place, it's only a matter of time before something happens. If it weren't for its importance as a transfer station nearby, we wouldn't bother going there," replied a tall and thin apprentice.

The 1st-level wizard who had introduced himself earlier, Rainstorm Night, then spoke up loudly, "Well, I've actually taken on a task to investigate 'Chaos Lake', because a big shot's nephew has gone missing."

"Well, the bottom of the lake is a group of underground miners who never see the light of day, and above is a bunch of entertainment venues. Who knows if the big shot's nephew is still in a place of comfort?" the slightly chubby apprentice joked.
After hearing the others' discussion, Zhao Xū was still calm and collected, just like before the storm. Although he didn't say much, he walked towards another room in the suite, where a meditation room was located. He needed to use a spell to sense the surroundings first. The street outside was too noisy and inconvenient for casting spells.

The three of them had just finished talking about the Star Lake Battle, and they couldn't help but share their insights. Zhao Xū didn't know why, but the men seemed reluctant to share their opinions, as if they were too ashamed to do so.

However, after finishing the last sentence, Zhao Xū had already entered the meditation room and quietly closed the door. The room was designed to avoid distractions, with only a simple desk and chair, and the rest of the equipment was stored in a box on the side.

This time, Zhao Xū was going to cast a divine spell, so he directly took out the items he had bought earlier from his backpack. A set of marked divination sticks, which were used by ancient tribal shamans to predict the future, was also needed for the "Divination" spell.

Then, Zhao Xū took out a special incense from his backpack and used his finger to lightly apply holy water to the desk, drawing a simple magic array. Finally, he placed the holy symbol on top and began to burn the incense.

As the calming fragrance slowly rose, Zhao Xū directly grasped the divination stick and started waving it according to the requirements of the "Divination" spell. The stick seemed to be randomly waved, but it was actually slowly writing a hidden magic array in mid-air.

This is the reason why practitioners' faces turn pale and old-looking, as they constantly use their brains to cast complex spells, neglecting their physical health.
Here is the translation of the text:

Instead, the warlock who uses "Divine Favor", "Divine Power", and "Righteous Qi like a Rainbow" to enhance himself is really impressive. The occupation divination spell lasts for exactly one minute.

After the warlock finishes the spell, he suddenly blows out the incense worth 25 gold coins, accelerating the process by hundreds of times. When the incense is about to go out, the flames suddenly shoot up into the air, hovering in front of the warlock and emitting a green phosphorescent glow.

The warlock gazes at the dancing phosphorescent light and asks the question he had prepared earlier:

"If I were to teleport to 'Starfall Lake', would there be any help in finding my target teleportation gate?"

The more specific the question, the more likely it is to receive a successful response from the divination.

As the phosphorescent light slowly condenses, it eventually forms a "j" character. The light then slowly fades away, and the room returns to darkness.

However, the warlock remains unmoved. Although he had roughly guessed the result, he wasn't too excited. To be honest, the warlock didn't want to rush into Starfall Lake.
Having read the historical records, he was clear about the gruesome battle and the fact that players would not survive the winter. Even as the most difficult-to-die existence among players, he didn't want to dance around the explosive area.
Instead, he always tried to influence others to change their fate, rather than intervening suddenly.
After all, it's not difficult to obtain a teleportation gate qualification. It's just that the location of the teleportation gate is where the "God of Death" once suffered, and even the location of the gate is one of the most brutal places where people died.