
Chapter 229: Walking Together

Zhang Xiaoyu, who once served as a law enforcement officer, was likely the first to react to the sudden appearance of the fireball. As someone who had previously served as a small-town law enforcement officer, he had a deep understanding of the political environment of Winter City and the surrounding areas.

Together with the other players, they were accusing each other of "trafficking" and "murder". A brutal fireball attack on civilians in a public setting was a shocking event that sent shockwaves throughout the upper echelons of Winter City's power structure.

Someone was stirring up trouble in this murky water. Especially, he had just used a fireball to eliminate several people in the morning, and then registered at the Winter City Wizards' Association in the afternoon. As a result, something strange had happened.

The image of the three-ring wizard carrying a giant scythe that everyone had in their minds would become the prime suspect. Even if Zhang Xiaoyu explained himself clearly, the fireball's purpose of intimidating and delaying the players and Winter City civilians had achieved its goal.

Zhang Xiaoyu's gaze swept across the area, and the fireball, which was still flying towards them, was no larger than a fireball. Although it had not yet exploded, it was already too late to be counteracted with magic. The innocent civilians nearby were unable to escape. It was as if a mass murder case was about to unfold.

Zhang Xiaoyu, with his over 30-level "investigation" ability, instantly judged the trajectory of the fireball. However, he did not have the wings of the Heavenly God, so he could not fly horizontally at a speed of several tens of meters.
Here is the translation of the text:

He didn't intend to cause a commotion, but he also didn't choose to teleport. He suddenly uttered a brief incantation, "Speed!" The sound of the incantation fell, and the magical power within it surged into Zhao Xiu's body. His body didn't become as light as a swallow, but the entire person seemed to enter a state of acceleration, as if. He became more agile and faster.

The "Speed" spell is a decent buff spell, especially liked by players in the mid-to-late stages. As the name suggests, this spell allows the caster to enter a state of acceleration, so both attacks and defenses will receive a certain boost. Even in this state, his average attack frequency could become faster, and overall output increased.

However, Zhao Xiu didn't use the 20th-level priest's spell slot to cast this three-ring spell. Because after he cast this "mark" spell, the fireball spell had already exploded.

This time, Zhao Xiu used the monk's spell slot to cast the "Quick Speed" spell that can be cast with "swift action". This spell is a second-ring spell from the Monk's spellbook and is very convenient to use. The cost is that the duration is much shorter, lasting only 1-4 rounds (6-24 seconds).

Thus, Zhao Xiu simply shouted a single-syllable incantation. His entire body's speed directly increased by a level, directly reaching a speed of over 10 meters per second, exceeding the championship sprint speed of the 100-meter dash. He immediately shortened the distance to the landing spot of the fireball, within 7 meters.

In this instant, Zhao Xiu didn't pause his footsteps and lightly raised his "Protective Spirit".
Here is the translation of the text:

Suddenly, a formless protective barrier enveloped him, shielding a circular area of nearly 100 square meters. Under the effect of the "Secondary Ineffective Seal" spell at the third level of "Protective Qi", the fireball spell that had not yet landed was instantly dispelled and completely blocked. The entire process was as swift as lightning.

Zhao Xu had already reached the spot where the fireball spell was supposed to land, and his shield had covered the area where the spell was about to explode. He directly nullified the spell that had already been cast.

However, Zhao Xu's gaze continued to sweep across the square. The surroundings were filled with people in casual attire, waving their arms and shouting "Revenge!" The crowd was so dense that many people were waving their arms and shouting. The fireball spell itself was a "Long-distance" spell, with a casting distance of over 100 meters, allowing the caster to release the spell from the edge of the crowd and then easily escape.

Zhao Xu couldn't determine who had cast the spell, even from a distance, and the opposite party couldn't see him either. Zhao Xu then activated his "Stealth" and "Sneak" skills, which he had mastered to the 20th level. Even if someone was paying attention, he would be able to lose them within a few seconds. This was the effect that could be achieved when skills were upgraded to the master level.

Zhao Xu wanted to sneak up behind someone. With his combined skills, no one would be able to detect him. After confirming that everything was fine, he quietly deactivated his "Protective Qi" and then turned around to walk back to his original position.

Zhang Qi and the others were watching the speaker on stage and noticed Zhao Xu walking back.
Here is the translation of the text:

He's asking with a raised tone, "This big brother, I thought you were angry, but it seems you've just rushed past with incredible speed."

Zhaoxu smiled and explained to his roommate Zhang Qi, "There's nothing, I thought I ran into someone I know."

From that moment on, Zhaoxu knew the seven prophecies.

It was predetermined that he would not be recognized by the players, and people would link him to the relationship between him and the fourth-level mage player.

He didn't want to become a target so soon, listed on the attention list of major organizations, suspected as the seventh prophecy person.

"Aizi, I want to rescue those people and take revenge on Xiaoya," said the woman standing beside Zhang Qi, who was his girlfriend, Feng Ge.

The other had also successfully advanced to the rank of 1st-level priest this month, and had initially relieved the treatment pressure on Zhang Qi and others.

"Baby, let's go, I've had some details from Xugu," Zhang Qi said.

Zhaoxu and Zhang Qi had discussed the "Falling Star Lake" matter earlier.

However, they had initially planned to establish a small player community in the surrounding area of "Falling Star Lake" where players could find a quiet resting place.

This had led to conflicts with the Mineral Resources Association, and both sides had had several small conflicts.

Unexpectedly, this time the players' investigation had sparked a powder keg.

As soon as they were found to be involved in "human trafficking," the Holy Church would definitely not let it slide, which was also the reason why the Mineral Resources Association needed to cover it up quickly.

Zhang Qi and others joined the "Class Union" and then the entire university league, and the initial consensus was similar.
Here is the translation of the text:

In the winter city, the forces of the underground movement were intertwined, and they decided to establish a base in the location where players often gather, "Falling Star Lake". Initially, the players did not intend to encroach on the territory of the Mining Association, but they were met with fierce resistance. As a result, some players secretly formed an investigation team to search for the source of the resistance, and eventually uncovered the secret of the human trafficking ring.

Later, Zhao Xu reviewed the entire "Battle of Falling Star Lake" and made it clear that this incident was driven by both the interests of the players and their sense of justice.

As a result, under the combined forces of various push factors, the situation quickly spiraled out of control.

At this point, Fang Xi Yue and a few others who had been in charge of the communication exchange arrived at the scene.

"Now, the situation is chaotic," Fang Xi Yue explained to Zhang Qi and others. "I just exchanged information with other teams. I estimate that many people will go to 'Falling Star Lake' tonight."

"It's okay, many people will go tonight. We'll coordinate together, take turns keeping watch, and there won't be any problems," Zhang Qi said.

At this moment, Zhang Qi's heart was secretly filled with anxiety. He had previously analyzed the situation of "Falling Star Lake" with Zhao Xu, and he had not been very optimistic about the outcome.

However, the development of the situation was gradually approaching the original plan. Even this stage could be set up so quickly, and if something went wrong, it could quickly spread the news to the entire community of players in the winter city.

It was also because of Zhao Xu's suggestion that he had communicated in advance with this fledgling alliance through the QQ group, and they had made corresponding preparations.

However, no one had expected that the special search teams, which had been deliberately dispatched, would have achieved significant results on the first day, and that the situation was still so serious.

"Zhang Qi, you really predicted this accurately this time," said Liu Lu, laughing and praising Zhang Qi.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, her mind couldn't help but float back to the forum's big shot, "Dong Cheng Rui," who had mentioned a few points. After Zhang Qi had fed back his opinions, everyone had a heated discussion. However, the basic consensus was still to continue with the original plan and follow the route to the municipal hall. Little did they expect the sudden and fierce response from reality, which immediately woke them up. Especially for those who had been holding on to their convictions, choosing to play as Saint Warriors, Good Guild Priests, and other characters, this time they were even more resolute and vowed to fight to the death with the Mining Association. Even if the entire alliance didn't go ahead and take the risk, these players who had been playing the "healing" role wouldn't agree to it.

"Ah, I've said it many times," Zhang Qi said. "It's been reminded by Shixiong, and we've simulated the current situation together."

"But King Daqiang, Tiange, and the others still insist that we shouldn't go to Zhongxing Lake," said Du Nan, a barbarian player who was a classmate of Zhao Xi's. "They think that if the residents of Arthur have died, what does it have to do with us players?"

He was a bit silly, but he didn't have any ulterior motives, so everyone got along with him.

"Don't worry about them," Feng Xi Yue said with a hint of annoyance.

In reality, the situation had reached a critical point.

These days, everyone had been constantly communicating and wouldn't stop just because of a few individuals' opposition.

"You're worried, but we, the first-year students, can basically unify our opinions," Feng Xi Yue summarized.

At that moment, her gaze suddenly fell on Zhao Xi, who had been listening to their conversation. She noticed that Zhao Xi had been paying attention to their conversation.

She thought about how Arthur had his own intelligence gathering work, and some players even sold out for the Mining Association.
Here is the translation:

Fang Xi Yue couldn't help but reveal a suspicious gaze.

"I am a pastor, the wind. I'm also on a mission to investigate 'Star Lake' and don't know if it's convenient to proceed with you tonight?"

Zhao Xu smiled and invited his few classmates.

At this time, he had already turned his body, looking at everyone, and revealed the holy symbol on his chest.

He was very clear that he didn't need to figure out how to find it.

As long as he stayed with the player group, the influence of the Mineral Association would naturally come knocking on the door.
Then he could use the "great sickle" in his hand to find the "teleportation door".