
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 263, 5th Level

At this moment, players who flew up into the sky without remote attack capabilities were forced to fly back down to confront the giant people.

This scene was extremely shocking for every player.

The players who failed to arrive on time or hid behind to avoid the battle were now forced to stand there, watching as thousands of players flew by in the sky.

One player murmured to himself, "How did they manage to do this?"

"If we had possessed this magic yesterday, wouldn't we have been able to bypass the city wall and directly attack the main camp?"

"I've made up my mind, I'll go back and choose a mage, I'm determined to fly freely in the game once in my lifetime."

"Is it the work of that divine being who has taken on a priestly form?" a player speculated.

None of them believed that the high-level divine magic was released by the first player, "Starlight Reflection".

However, the timing was just right, coinciding with the opponent's moment of takeoff, and the player and the divine being did not recognize each other, so they wouldn't have believed it even if they heard it.

So everyone looked at the 4th-level mage with a mix of admiration and reverence.

This showed that the opponent had a divine network behind them, which was why they could arrange the battle so confidently.

As the thousands of players flying in the sky finally began to focus their attention, led by the cries of the surrounding crowd, they launched a fierce attack on the enemy on the snowy ground.

After flying, players would only receive remote attacks. Meanwhile, the giant people on the ground had no flying ability and could not attack the players in the sky.
Here is the translation of the text:

The giant ice troll was still able to pick up the giant rocks and try to throw them at the players, but most players could avoid them by flying higher. At this moment, many warrior players looked thoughtful, and even cleric players were the same. This was because flying was a typical spell of the mage's third circle.

Everyone was wondering how to counter the mage who had mastered the flying ability at level 5. However, after Zhao Xu saw this scene, he didn't hesitate for long and directly took action.

He pulled out the "Eternal Magic Staff of Fireball" that he had left for a long time and fired it at the dense area of the giant ice trolls on the ground without saying a word.

As the fiery fireball landed on the snow, a giant wave of flames suddenly erupted around it, as if it had exploded directly, too quick to react. The giant ice trolls and winter wolves that were swallowed up in the flames.

The players who were in the sky were shocked to see the giant ice trolls struggling in the flames.

Just now, they had seen a level 2 player who had barely broken through the opponent's defense and stabbed them with a sword, but they didn't see any expression of pain on the opponent's face. This was also the first time that the players had seen the effect range and specific damage of the fireball spell from high in the air.

"One of these is too intense, is this fireball enchanted?" a player couldn't help but ask.

"Enchanted? You haven't looked at the data? The giant ice trolls have the characteristic of cold resistance and are easily hurt by fire. That is, the damage of fireball spell is doubled." another player's teammate refuted.

"Unfortunately, these giant ice trolls with over a hundred life points will not be afraid of one or two fireball spells. Moreover, why didn't he do it earlier?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"What are you doing? You just started a fierce battle and dare to cast a fireball, do you really think it will directly knock down a group of players?"

However, Zhao Xiu's fireball technique had reopened the battle lines.

These flying players in front of the star lake, with their original numbers and after receiving a dozen or so buffs, were not inferior to their opponents in terms of pure static data templates.

Suddenly, the battlefield was in a frenzy. Those Winter Wolves and Frost Giants suddenly felt that the players in front of them had changed dramatically.

From the original one-sword slash, even if the opponent stood in front of them, they could not guarantee that they could do so.

Zhao Xiu, watching the players attacking the Frost Giants, did not try to intervene again.

The balance of victory and defeat in the battle had already been lost before Zhao Xiu used the ten or so all-encompassing spells.

This was also the reason why he needed a battle plan, to let the situation return to normal even if it had deviated from the original track.

"Lakshmi, a large amount of life energy feedback has arrived," Lakshmi exclaimed at this time.

It was clear that the players had received the buff and were slaughtering the Frost Giants and Winter Wolves on the battlefield, and a large amount of feedback had been given to him.

At this time, a barbarian had already used the buff to directly chop off the head of the Frost Giant, venting his anger.

"Lakshmi, have you felt that door?" Zhao Xiu asked.

According to Lakshmi's requests, her sensing ability was stronger in this battlefield where the most people had died.

"Hurry, master, I'm locating it now," Lakshmi exclaimed.

"No, in the city," Lakshmi suddenly replied.
When Zhao Xu heard this, his entire face also changed, and he directly dropped the battlefield and flew towards the front.

At this time, many players who had been paying attention to Zhao Xu gazed at his figure as he flew away, deep in thought.

"Ah, this is the legendary player, who seems to have taken off early?"

"No way, he's always flying."

"Can't be level 5, right?"

"How is that possible? If he was level 5, we would have received another level jump message."

The players quickly cleared up their thoughts.

At this time, a lone giant demon was seen, and the group began to launch a siege attack.

Meanwhile, Zhao Xu charged forward into the wind and snow, and after moving away from the main player group, he directly activated his stealth skill.

The entire person disappeared from sight.

In the blink of an eye, Zhao Xu appeared on the main street of the small town. However, at this time, most houses had already closed their doors and windows.

"There is a master location, about 700 meters east of here, and then turn left and walk 400 meters. The portal is there."

After hearing these words, Zhao Xu's entire person was filled with a sense of confusion.

He then slowly walked towards that direction, walking all the way to a dilapidated house that had been sealed off.

"What's going on?" Lark suddenly asked curiously.

"No, nothing," Zhao Xu wiped his nose.

He silently looked ahead, at the house he had inherited in his previous life.

At the time, he had taken over this house in a similar state, and Zhao Xu had spent a lot of effort to renovate it.

This was his first home after crossing over, and also the new home he shared with his wife from his previous life.

At this time, Zhao Xu had no difficulty at all, and directly cast a spell, not even needing to open the door, and walked into the house.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu saw a glowing portal on the outdoor courtyard in front of him, emitting a faint light. The portal was invisible to those without the "True Knowledge" and could not be activated without the "+1 Dark Giant Scythe". However, Zhao Xu had both, so he walked quietly towards the portal, feeling its unusual properties and thinking about the details of the teleportation spell.

As he approached the portal, he released a detection spell, but didn't notice anything special. Suddenly, he heard the commotion from the small town and realized that the townspeople had discovered the giant's impending attack.

Some of the faster reactionaries began to prepare for the first wave of the assault. "Master, point your index finger at this portal and it's done," Laksis suggested.

Zhao Xu followed her instructions.

This was his request.

He wanted to save enough time to level up before formally entering the space left by the God of Death.

Zhao Xu lightly extended his index finger and touched the mysterious portal.

Suddenly, his finger tingled, as if an electric current had surged through it.

However, he didn't quickly withdraw his finger in shock, but instead concentrated on the portal in front of him, watching it disappear.

New insights flooded his mind.

"Master, it's done. We can now teleport to the semi-plane at will," Laksis said.

"Yes," Zhao Xu nodded, but didn't move.

"Master, what's wrong?" Laksis suddenly wondered.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Laksis, that half-face has the 'five not over' requirement. If I'm a 5th-level, it shouldn't conflict, right?"

"Yeah, master, definitely not. We're not 6th-level."

Laksis said, "And it won't affect anything. After we finish this half-face, then you can reinforce us and we'll be almost 5th-level."

Laksis suddenly didn't react when Zhao Xu changed the topic.

"Ah?"

Laksis seemed to not understand.

"After everything is ready, it depends on the breaking point. 'Everything is ready' can be understood as mastering the basic magic. The breaking point is the key to formal promotion, and accumulating life energy is one way, reading and understanding is one way, and battle understanding is one way."

At this time, Zhao Xu looked at the layout of the old house in front of him that could still be seen from his previous life and said, "Or, it can be received from a great shock."

At this time, his mind kept flashing back to his memories of spending time in this place in his previous life.

A slight touch stirred his inner heart.

【Adventure Seeker Zhongxia, you have upgraded to a 5th-level character.】