
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 269: Breaking the Anti-Magic Zone

Even if Lark has blown his three specializations to the sky, Zhao Xu is still cautious in this "Final Scroll" space, simulating the "Transmitting Art" spell and informing Anniya of it.

If this is a true specialization of the "Mages' Association", then it means that Zhao Xu will also be able to obtain it in the future.

There is no need to make a rash decision. So even if he looks at the most worthless third specialization "Arcane Mastery", as long as it's not inherited by the organization, Zhao Xu will definitely choose it without hesitation.

After all, this is just an opportunity to obtain an inheritance.

Zhao Xu even learns, and can actually use it, but he has to wait until he re-obtains the specialization at level 6.

Or he consumes potential points to simulate it.

Soon, Anniya appears in another area in front of Zhao Xu.

Just now, Zhao Xu's short message could only send 25 characters of content, so he didn't say too much.

It wasn't until Anniya came that Zhao Xu explained the situation again.

However, after Anniya listened to Zhao Xu's response, she was silent for a long time.

"Next time, if you're going to be so reckless, just call me over here to watch you," Anniya said softly, still looking at Zhao Xu's puzzled expression.

"I just touched you and didn't realize you've actually become smarter. Any spellcaster with an intelligence of over 20 can discover the 'Spell Truth Fragment' left by the land in the 'Final Scroll' space."

"What's the Spell Truth Fragment?"

Zhao Xu didn't feel anything when he first heard this term.
Here is the translation of the text:

This time, Anzhi Noya emphasized strongly, and it's already been reflected. It's probably more significant than the three specializations he just touched upon. "To obtain truth fragments, there are two ways. One is to find them in the scroll space by following clues and discovering them. Just like you just did, using the 'Perception Battle Method' to sense the existence of fragments. However, such successful cases are extremely rare, and there have only been a handful of them in thousands of years."

"What's the other way?" Zhao Xu's heart already had a guess.

"Now that you're smarter, you should be able to guess some of it. No mistake, every time you discover a new channel, you can gain insight into a truth fragment. The mysterious space is something that every legendary mage can definitely obtain, and it's basically the only 'truth fragment' they can get."

Anzhi Noya said, gazing at Zhao Xu, who was still looking unremarkable at the moment.

It's not hard to notice the anomaly, but few people can think and reason continuously to discover the existence of "truth fragments" like Zhao Xu did.

This process, due to the amplification of the scroll space, has led to more people giving up and abandoning their thoughts, as if their brains were burning out. "You're not only lucky to have discovered it at the limit, but also have enough action power. Most people would miss the opportunity even if they sensed it, because the 'fragments' are constantly changing positions. As for legendary mages, they are mostly filtered out by the 'threshold' because it's too high, so they directly miss these fluctuations."
Here is the translation of the text:

As An Ti Nia explained, Zhao Xu finally relaxed his mind. If countless powerful individuals over the past thousand years had failed to achieve such a monumental feat, it would only prove that he was abnormal, not that he was exceptionally talented.

"What three specializations are not passed down by the association?" Zhao Xu asked.

Just then, An Ti Nia shook her head. "None of them."

"Lord, do you think I'm someone who is easily shocked?" Lark asked in Zhao Xu's mind.

She was also waiting for An Ti Nia's response.

"The specializations of the mage system are mostly owned by the association. However, the three you mentioned are basically unrelated to the effects of magic and are not part of the association's transmission system," An Ti Nia said.

"Then what about the Morlin Monument?" Zhao Xu asked. "Can't it also transmit specializations?"

At this time, Zhao Xu remembered the monument that "77" claimed he had once bestowed the specialization of "leadership" on the current head of the association, Os.

However, An Ti Nia shook her head: "That monument is an independent path that is separate from the association, and it is unsustainable. From its inception, it was destined that no one could receive more than three favors from it."

Favors!

Zhao Xu muttered this word to himself in his heart.

"Lord, did you really touch that disgusting broken stone?" Lark asked Zhao Xu.

"How? Did it offend you?" Zhao Xu asked in return.

At this time, Zhao Xu thought about the monument's attitude and felt a bit awkward.

"What do you mean?" Lark said, biting her teeth. "It said it wanted to capture my future big brother as a gift, and didn't care about my will."
Here is the translation of the text:

"What are the consequences if one receives more than three favors?" Zhao Xu suddenly thought, and the stone tablet, Seven Seven, said that it had divided its own destiny and magical powers and given some to the goddess Sylvina, and Zhao Xu had a vague idea.

"If one reaches the third favor, one cannot break free from fate's shackles. And if one exceeds the third, one will become part of fate itself." At this moment, Anny and Laks said in unison.

"Is it possible that many strong individuals, including gods, have received two to three favors from it?" Zhao Xu muttered to himself.

Although Zhao Xu did not know the difference between "fate's shackles" and "part of fate," he had already realized that the stone tablet, Seven Seven, was the embodiment of fate's will.

If it had once been able to freely roam this continent, it would have had enough time to bestow favors on those whose fates were predetermined.

Even if it had been sealed away at the bottom of the floating city, it could still use the people it controlled to bring more targets before it.

The "career advancement" and "specialization" were temptations that no adventurer in Arthur's world could resist.

The two to three favors that had been paid earlier were actually the stone tablet's protective barrier, which even the gods dared not ask for more.

"So, you can obtain these specializations in the 'scroll space' and it's not bad, at least compensating for the wizard's own shortcomings," Anny said.

"Especially, the first two specializations are worth learning and can be traded for a special position. Except for the gods, there are only a few individuals who have mastered the first two specializations."

Anny's words also told Zhao Xu that the value of these two specializations was not inferior to the top-level specializations that the Wizard's Association could transmit.
Here is the translation:

At this time, Zhao Xu also carefully examined the detailed abilities of the three specialties in turn.

The first item, "Simulating Supernatural Ability", is actually used to enhance the "Metamorphosis Magic".

In the early stages, the "Metamorphosis Magic" cannot obtain the "Supernatural Ability" of the transformed creature.

For example, the "Fiery Guardian" that Zhao Xu had tuned or transformed into previously was a kind of "Supernatural Ability".

Only by becoming a nine-ringed wizard and mastering the "Metamorphosis Magic" can one obtain the "Supernatural Ability" of the transformed creature.

Once mastered, Zhao Xu can use this specialty to simulate the "Supernatural Ability" of most of the Arthurian creatures, even if he only has a four-ring metamorphosis spell.

This point actually represents an immeasurable value.

This is because it indicates that Zhao Xu's ability resources will expand to the biological circles he can transform into.

As long as the creatures possess a "Supernatural Ability", it is equivalent to Zhao Xu being able to simulate that "Supernatural Ability".

Ordinary people can only use this specialty to choose a fixed "Supernatural Ability".

However, with the "Potential Point" of Zhao Xu, he can freely use this ability, corresponding to different "Supernatural Abilities" each time.

He does not even need to consume the "Specialty" slot to master it.

As long as he gains this ability through the "Truth Fragment" today, it will be enough.

It's just like the day he learned the "Holy Super Magic" specialty in the legendary library and could simulate it using the "Potential Point".

Ultimately, it is still the "Holy Super Magic" that is mastered by many high-level priests and recorded in the "Legendary Library".
Here is the translation of the text:

Arthur's "Simulation of Supernatural Abilities" is not something that can be comprehended by ordinary people, and it is not something that can be described in words.

Then, Zhao Xu looked at the second ability, Martial Arts Learning (Iron Heart Power).

Talking about it, Iron Heart Power is an untransmitted technique of the "Nine Swords System".

Martial Arts Learning is a specialty that allows those who do not have a Nine Swords profession to grasp these techniques.

The Nine Swords System is renowned throughout the Eastern Empire, being similar to the top pillar of the Imperial Magic Empire.

Even ordinary soldiers like Zhao Xu know that the Nine Swords is a good career path for warriors.

However, he did not have the opportunity to learn from the Nine Swords tradition in his past life, so he suggested Zhang Qi to take advantage of the opportunity to go to the Eastern Empire to receive the transmission.

As for "Iron Heart Power", it is one of the strongest techniques in the Nine Swords System, and even Zhao Xu had only heard of its name, without knowing its content.

Today, he saw the description of the technique and finally understood its true strength.

Iron Heart Power can allow a spell to take effect and last for at least one round or longer, with the effect ending when the spell ends.

Zhao Xu silently looked at the technique, his expression ambiguous.

In an instant, he thought of countless ways to use it.

"No mistake, as you expected, it is indeed Arthur's strongest state ability. Moreover, it is an ability that can recover from mistakes made after using it."

Anthy Noir looked at Zhao Xu and said, "Even if you are affected by the anti-magic field and lose your spellcasting ability, you can use Iron Heart Power to terminate the anti-magic field's effect on you."

Anthy Noir's words meant that for Zhao Xu, the "Damasus' Sword" that hung above the heads of all spellcasters would no longer exist!