
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 272, Fourth Reward
"Go back."

However, at this moment, Zhao Xu was holding his chest, where a golden base adorned with a hourglass, and shouted.

Instantly, the sand in the glass bottle at the bottom began to flow in reverse, until all the sand returned to the top of the bottle, and then slowly poured back down.

At this moment, Zhao Xu realized that his body was in the perfect state to cast the "Blood Oath" spell.

He immediately interrupted the spellcasting process and canceled the spell.

Then he looked at the middle-aged man who was still asleep in front of him and whispered, "I will remove the curse on this person."

As soon as Zhao Xu spoke, a powerful and mysterious energy emerged from thin air and directly entered the body of the middle-aged man, continuously emitting strange energy forces carrying the curse.

"Thank you for your quick reaction, master," Lark said.

After Zhao Xu finished using the "Wish" spell to remove the "Family Command" curse from the middle-aged man, he waited quietly.

Six seconds later, no new tasks were prompted.

It was clear that the "historical scene" had returned to its original state when Zhao Xu used the "Time Reversal Amulet" and "Wish" spell to erase the previous spellcasting.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

At the final stage, Zhao Xu is equivalent to a 20th-level spellcaster, and even higher. He must go to the legendary level.

"Owner, shall we investigate other clues?" Lark said.

At this moment, she also realized that Zhao Xu intentionally used the "Time Reversal Talisman", which is actually to re-enter a previously cleared instance and explore it again.

After all, they had already mastered the clearing key.

"However, this mage was a ruthless person in history," Lark murmured in evaluation.

"Yes, he was a ruthless person," Zhao Xu also acknowledged.

In fact, he had only cast two spells, and was waiting for them to take effect, but the system prompted him that he had already passed through. There was no need to wait until 12 hours later for the final settlement.

It was precisely because of this scenario that was just a replay of a segment of history.

His actions were consistent with those of the revenge mage at that time.

Therefore, he immediately cleared the instance with full marks.

Thinking about this, Zhao Xu also warned himself secretly.

A Level 8 "Family Manipulation" combined with a Level 5 "Blood Oath" is a perfect extermination spell.

All the living members of the family would have to face the killing from their blood relatives. Even if they killed their opponents, they would still have to face the revenge of their family members who became undead.

As for a mage with boundless hatred, the destruction they could cause was beyond what anyone could imagine.

"That owner, what kind of investigation experiment should we do next?" Lark asked.

Just then, Zhao Xu needed to reload his data again, which was also for preparation to enter these historical scenarios again in the future.

Meanwhile, Zhao Xu thought to himself, looking at the two people lying on the bed: "The 'Manipulation' spell itself has a defect, you know, Lark."
Here is the translation of the text:

"I know, master. The secondary control of the four-ring technique has a time limit, while the six-ring technique is permanent until the task is completed. However, they can withstand 'disgust' and 3D6 (3-18) points of damage as a price to refuse to execute the task," Larks said.

"So I recommend that you add a 'blood oath' to compensate for the damage. Even if the opponent dies from the damage, excluding the self-curse that will transfer to their relatives, it will also transform into an immortal being to continue executing the mission," Larks said.

Zhao Xu nodded after hearing this, "Larks, did you notice the time interval just now?"

"After I cast the 'family control technique', there is a prompt to remind me that the task is not completed within six seconds. But when I combine it with the 'blood oath', it activates the bonus within six seconds," Zhao Xu said.

"This means that a single 'family control technique' is actually unable to get any ability."

Larks reacted to Zhao Xu's meaning, "Not necessarily, it's possible that the rewards are settled within 12 hours. But this also means that the 'blood oath' has a different significance to this task, and we may not always be able to luck into the bonus every time."

"This is also why I intentionally rewound the task just now. I think it may involve the internal mechanism of the scene itself."

"Oh, my master is really amazing!" Larks exclaimed, praising Zhao Xu, "We're actually directly trying to cheat the mechanism!"

However, Larks' words were filtered by Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu's "time reversal talisman" ability, which could be used once a day, had already been used up.

So, in the end, he had to use the "family control technique" combined with the "blood oath" to complete the task.

This time, Zhao Xu directly cast the six-ring technique "Immobility" on the two people who were sleeping.
Here is the translation of the text:

In an instant, a gray-yellow light circle directly shone on the two people on the bed, but the one who was still asleep didn't notice.

"That's it, let's go look around somewhere else. Within 20 hours, they will be in a state of numbness and unable to move even if they wake up," said Zhao Xu before switching back to his "soul" state to continue exploring.

The middle-aged man, who was Zhao Xu's intended target, naturally turned back to search for him to resolve the issue.

However, during the subsequent hour-long search process, Zhao Xu didn't find any other clues, as if the entire castle had left no magical trace behind.

Zhao Xu still controlled a few people and brought them to the middle-aged man's room. He thought the maid, whom he believed to be innocent, was left in another room, leaving only three men from the same clan in the room.

Seeing this scene, Zhao Xu said, "Lark, the target of the manipulation spell is just one person, so this family can be clearly identified. Even if there is a 'Healing Belt' to cover the damage cost and the opponent can withstand the nausea state, it is possible to control this curse until old age."

Lark nodded, and high-level casting "Remove Curse" or "Prayer" or "Miracle" was always difficult to achieve.

This was also the reason why the nobles and royal families of the kingdom and the church maintained good relationships, sending their descendants to serve the gods every year.

"So, what do you want?" Lark asked, looking at the three men.

"No, not really," Zhao Xu replied.

"Chain Spell - Family Control Spell," Zhao Xu used the "Chain Spell" to cast the "Family Control Spell" on the spot.
Here is the translation of the text:

The chain spell can transform a spell that affects a single target and has a limited range into a spell that affects multiple targets, at the cost of three more rings. Suddenly, the three people in the room were simultaneously controlled by Zhao Xiu's "Family Command" spell. After completing the spell, Zhao Xiu also cast the "Blood Oath" spell in chain.

This way, he avoided the need to individually cast the influence scene and changed the effective factor to three people. The opposing family would have to face three "Enchanted People" who had been sworn to kill the entire family.

This eliminated the possibility of controlling one person and breaking the curse transmission. Throughout the castle, the infected person changed from one to three, making it much more difficult to control.

"Ah, you're really ruthless," said Larkis, who couldn't believe Zhao Xiu had taken a more drastic approach.

"So, the royal family needs to be cautious in dealing with the Church and the Association of Mages. Otherwise, they will be cursed and wiped out in just three years."

Larkis sighed, "Even if this spell is stored away."

At this moment, Zhao Xiu also felt the prompt appear again.

【Prompt: Adventurer Zhong Xia should respond to the situation more effectively than in the historical scenario, and will receive four rewards. The scenario will end.】

"Wow, wow, wow!" Larkis exclaimed, unable to contain his excitement, thinking that there was still an extra reward.

"Please, Larkis, don't get too excited. This is just an opportunity for us to learn, not a free pass," said Zhao Xiu, who had already become calm.

However, he had also figured out the logic of this scenario.

It's the same as the original owner in the historical scenario, getting three rewards and exceeding them to get an extra reward.

At this moment, the scenario in front of Zhao Xiu had disappeared, leaving him to return to the starting scroll space.
Here is the translation:

"Simulated supernatural abilities", "martial arts training", and "Iron-Hearted Force" techniques, as well as "Arcane Mastery" and secret manuals, all appear in the "Optional Specializations" list of his character card.

In other words, once he has a vacant specialization slot, he can convert an optional specialization from the list into a formal specialization.

He is essentially able to bypass the "Learning Specialization" stage, without having to spend time like before learning "scroll copying" or awakening "abilities".

There is no possibility of failure when starting to learn "Martial Arts Permanence" like before.

As for the fourth reward, it quietly appears in Zhao Xu's character card item list - a formula for a Thought Bottle.

"This bottle can restore a person to their original level," Laks murmurs in admiration.