
Chapter 281: Breaking the Pattern

In an instant, Zhao Xu realized that his "Immortal Cloak" spell, which allowed him to disguise himself as an immortal being, had been dispelled.

Following this, the statue began to vibrate at an increasingly intense frequency, causing some of the sand on the statue to fall off and scatter around Zhao Xu. The sand fell heavily on his body and then broke apart and scattered.

"Human Avenger King, Master of Killing Arts, God of Death Walking among Humans," Zhao Xu suddenly whispered the words he had seen in a book called "Path to Immortality" before he was given the nickname "Killing God Edmond" by himself.

After finishing his incantation, a mysterious dark light suddenly burst forth from the statue, spreading from his arm to envelop Zhao Xu's entire body.

Zhao Xu's eyes turned black.

Then, his vision transformed into a dilapidated, moldy dungeon. He saw himself wrapped in a tattered, moldy quilt, with a few fleas jumping around him. The floor was covered with a layer of straw.

In front of him was a wooden board that had been lifted up, revealing a tunnel entrance. An old man with a gaunt face sat beside the entrance, staring at him. The old man's eyes were sunken, his prison uniform was torn and tattered, but his long beard was still neatly combed.

What struck Zhao Xu the most was the old man's stern expression, but the old man suddenly burst out laughing, "Edmond, you foolish boy."

"How could you think that the prosecutor is protecting you? Protecting you to the point where you're now trapped in prison? And every day, eating these rotten buns and drinking leftover soup?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Even if I speculate with malicious intent, I'm afraid the woman you're eyeing, who is not yet married, may have already lain on your enemy's bed. The old man continued to mock.

Zhao Xufa realized that the old man was just inserting himself into the young man's perspective, and that everything was beyond his control.

However, after hearing the old man's sharp and biting words, Zhao Xufa could sense that the body's original owner was trembling with rage, and his whole body seemed to be about to convulse.

The other party had to face the brutal truth that he had been avoiding.

The young man's hands had been shaking nonstop from the beginning, and even Zhao Xufa felt the extreme emotions.

Suddenly, the sound of footsteps echoed from outside the cell door, and the old man suddenly sprang into action, using his incredible agility to leap into the hole that had been dug earlier.

Zhao Xufa was also shocked, and soon he realized that he had gained control over this body.

Outside the cell door, the guards' whistling sounds could be heard.

Zhao Xufa immediately took a step forward and used the nearby lid to cover the newly dug hole. He then pulled the thin bedcover over the bare wooden board.

At this moment, the iron grille of the observation window on the cell door was opened by the guards from the outside. The guard looked at Zhao Xufa, who was sitting on the ground with the thin bedcover pulled to the other side, and asked, "What are you doing?"

Zhao Xufa looked at the straw mat he had just pulled away from under the thin bedcover and muttered to himself, "I just saw a spider here just now, how did it disappear? It's so delicious."

As he spoke, Zhao Xufa licked his dry lips.

The guard looked disgusted and slowly released the lid, turning to check another room, muttering to himself, "Another one gone crazy."
Here is the translation of the text:

As the footsteps of the jailer faded into the distance, Zhao Xu also let out a quiet sigh of relief, having managed to deceive him. However, he suddenly felt a strange sensation, as if the world was spinning around him. At this moment, Zhao Xu noticed that the layout of the cell in front of him had changed. Compared to his side, the walls of this cell had various holy symbols and ritual symbols of gods, as well as a wooden chest that had lost its varnish, containing several dirty and black books.

This meant that he had entered the old man's cell, where even the wooden boards covering the hidden passage had been neatly replaced. The old man in front of him, who had looked like a golden silk at first glance, now had a pale and lifeless complexion, as if he was only able to breathe but not inhale.

Suddenly, the old man stretched out his hand and tightly grasped Zhao Xu's arm, shouting, "Anta! You must go to Anta! There, my lord's throne is enthroned in the heavenly kingdom, surveying the world below."

Zhao Xu heard the word "Anta", knowing that the old man was taking him for "Edmund" or that he himself was actually Edmund, occupying his body.

"Don't forget the incantation I taught you, when the seventh claw of the raven is hooked onto the cypress tree..." Just as the old man was saying this, his eyes widened and he looked at Zhao Xu with a sense of reluctance, as if he had something unfulfilled. Zhao Xu felt a sense of sadness, and even when the old man finished speaking, he could hear the remaining incantation resonating in his mind. However, in the moment the old man died, he felt no joy at all.

In fact, he could feel the old man's body stiffening gradually.
At this time, the sound of footsteps continued to come from outside, and Zhao Xu looked at the shadow that shouldn't appear, and immediately rushed to the corner. He crouched down and hid in the hole, his entire body trembling.

He listened as the sound of the prison gate being unlocked and the jailer's shocked cry came from outside. Slowly, everything in front of him changed.

This time, he was still hiding in the hole, relying on the seam between the bed and the ground to observe the mismatched time.

The old man who had been teaching him, also known as the pastor of the god of death, was still wrapped in a shroud.

After the doctor who had been examining him left, the entire room returned to its quiet state. Zhao Xu's heart also froze, knowing that it would soon be time for the guards to take the shrouded body away and new prisoners would arrive.

But...

When the new day arrived, the guards would clear out and take a glance at the priest's room, looking for anything that might be left behind. At that point, the tunnel would be exposed.

Even if Zhao Xu was not the original owner of this body, he could still feel the fate of the original owner for tomorrow.

After being discovered, he would be beaten to death. He would be tied up with iron chains attached to the wall and locked in a "solitary confinement" cell, only able to squat halfway.

Zhao Xu's eyes kept staring at the shrouded body. Suddenly, he made up his mind and burst out, using the bone knife he had struggled to obtain to slash open the shrouded body.

Zhao Xu moved the already stiff body of the priest back to his cell, covered him with a blanket, and arranged him to look like he was sleeping. He pretended to be Edmund.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhaoxu was gripping the seconds tightly, rushing back to the priest's cell as fast as he could, his whole body moving like a rolling ball. He quickly covered the original hole with his hand and then hid himself in the morgue bag that he had just cut open. At the same time, in the dark room, Zhaoxu took out a fishbone needle and, using the thread from his own prison uniform, slowly sewed the morgue bag shut again. After confirming the priest's death, the workers who had been moving the body would soon arrive and take away the morgue bag. This meant that Zhaoxu had to use all his strength to hold on to the last second. He was biting his teeth and sweating bullets, with his forehead dripping with sweat.

Although he did not know what had happened, after hearing the priest's description of the man in front of him, he did not have time to think about whether it was a memory or reality. All he wanted was to give the man whose body he was controlling a chance to live and take revenge.

Just then, the prison gate creaked open. Zhaoxu had just finished sewing the last stitch, his whole body frozen in place, using the needle to keep the thread taut, and finally, he pulled it tight to avoid the mouth of the morgue bag from opening when it was being moved. At this moment, Zhaoxu felt that the two people were holding onto the corner of the morgue bag, lifting him up and dragging him away.

Zhaoxu was in a state of complete relaxation, making no sound. Finally, with a sudden jolt, Zhaoxu was dropped, and he felt that the opportunity had finally come. However, the duration of the drop exceeded three seconds!
Here is the translation of the text:

"Higher than any chaotic tomb!
Suddenly, a massive impact came, and Zhao Xu felt that he had broken his bones, with the entire shrouded body being violently compressed.

He was thrown into the sea.

Zhao Xu immediately took out his bone knife, just about to slash towards the opening, but the icy cold seawater quickly seeped in through the hole in the bag, enveloping his entire body.

However, Zhao Xu didn't feel a sense of panic at all, still following his original plan, using the bone knife to cut open the bag, and then, like a frog kicking its legs, he slowly floated upwards from the bottom of the sea.

Finally, just as Zhao Xu was about to reach the sea level, he suddenly lunged forward.

Then, in front of him, he saw the solemn and towering statue of the god of slaughter again.

At that moment, he looked at his hand and saw that three new divine marks had appeared on his back."