
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
The warriors surrounding the troll were all a bit slow to react to the scene, staring at the giant sword in the hands of the barbarian. But soon they noticed the gazes of the others behind them, and everyone turned to look at the staff in the hands of the mad wind mage. Obviously, the staff made of finger bones was the one that had just dominated the scene.

"How much life does the troll hunter have?" a player couldn't help but ask.

"At least over 100HP," someone immediately answered vaguely.

"Normally it's 130HP or more, it could be even higher," the snow-stacking ranger said as he put down his bow and arrows.

"So fierce, a 10th-level warrior probably wouldn't stand a chance, just being instantly killed by a spell that can't even be seen?" 

But at this point, no one knew that even if the troll in front of them had 130,000 HP, it would still die as long as it failed to evade.

This was the power of "Death's Finger."

Directly killing living creatures.

And the "Legendary Necromancy Staff" in Zhao Xu's hand had a difficulty level of 34 for "Death's Finger" to evade.

That means the "troll hunter" would only have about a 10% chance of passing the test with his 16th-level toughness evasion alone.

If the resistance effect didn't have a "test result" of 18th level or higher this time, then both added together would be lower than his evasion difficulty. In the case that the troll had no spell resistance, it would be directly killed.

So when the "troll hunter" fell to the ground and died, Zhao Xu was not surprised at all. As an ordinary seventh-level mage, releasing the seventh-level "Death's Finger," his evasion difficulty was only about 20th level (10 + level + intelligence modifier).
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
It's a pity that the "Death Formation" of the Sixth Ring can only kill creatures with 9HD or less. Otherwise, it would be quite a cool mass death spell. The spell kills creatures based on the total amount of life dice. For example, the "Watchers" guild mostly consists of 1st and 2nd level creatures, so they only have 1 or 2 HD. Even though Zhao Xu just used the spell to kill 5 trolls, each with 6HD, totaling 30HD, which is still 45HD away from the spell's limit of 75HD, enough for him to kill the members of the "Watchers" guild as well. As Zhao Xu continued to use the spell to defeat trolls that everyone had struggled to kill, the players of the Watchers guild looked at him with a hint of awe in their eyes. They even speculated which of the legendary figures Arthur was descended from, in order to carry such a domineering staff. Meanwhile, the guild's leaders were secretly calculating how long they could survive if the spell were to be cast on them. Zhao Xu then walked forward and went directly to the body of the "troll hunter," and the players of the guild automatically made way for him to inspect the prey he had brought down. At this point, every player was staring at the "staff" in the hands of the Wind Mage, speculating about its value. However, to everyone's surprise, the Wind Mage did not strip the monster of all its equipment as a trophy, but instead continued to raise the staff in his hand. "Are you coming for more?" "Haven't you died enough?" "Be on guard!" At that moment, the players closest to Zhao Xu were extremely cautious, raising their weapons in response.
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境