
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
It is very likely that when they move out of the Mage Tower in high spirits with a huge fortune, they will have to face the interception of strong enemies. If they do not have an equivalent gain this time, their hard-won union is likely to disintegrate directly.

"Brother, if it doesn't work, just give up," said Frost Sword's sister Snow, although her tone was already icy, her eyes were worried as she looked at her brother.

At this time, several level 1 players who were standing on the outer edge heard Snow's words and were still somewhat confused. They had defeated the attacking team, so why were they giving up now?

On the other hand, several high-level members of the union looked indulgently at Frost Sword, waiting for his decision.

"It's okay, let's give it a try. It's too pathetic to return without even using a resurrection stone," said one.

"Don't make a fuss, listen to the guild leader."

"Right now, we're facing an intentional attack by over a hundred goblins and three trolls. Who knows what tricks they have up their sleeves." The more rational poet in the team said.

At this point, he also glanced at the Wind Mage, who had just turned the tide, implying that the Wind Mage might not have so many spell slots left.

The key is whether the other side will let them continue to gamble like this.

Even though the Wind Mage claimed to be a third-tier mage, no one saw him as such anymore. But the risk has exceeded the agreement's provisions, and the other party can simply walk away.

Frost Sword remained silent, listening to the advice of his companions, preparing to make a decision.

Zhao Xu looked at the scene helplessly. He had clearly used thunderous means to defeat a hundred goblins and at least six trolls, so why was Frost Sword still so cautious? Although early players can play through with five resurrection stones, most of them are just lucky.
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
It is important to know that the wizard's tower contains the lifelong wealth of the wizards, such as the gems and gold coins used as spell materials, which are their main targets. As for magical items, it all depends on fate. 
Next, Zhao Xu and Frost Sword discussed the details and confirmed the next plan. 
The group went to take the equipment from the goblins on the ground and a few ordinary trolls, preparing to sell them in the city. However, the goblins are small in size, and their armor and weapons are not very suitable for average-sized humans like Zhao Xu. According to the initial agreement in the association, they had to sell them in the city and then distribute the proceeds. 
After experiencing this setback, the players of the Guardian Union continued to move forward through the jungle, crossing the domain wilderness and difficultly passing through the quicksand area. 
Finally, on the third day, the group returned to the jungle, cutting through a large thorn forest. Some players who walked close to the edge were even scratched and lost a lot of life. The group finally arrived at a swamp. 
Zhao Xu was also a bit confused because their direction had deviated from the nearby lake since yesterday. 
At this time, the "Soul Imprisonment Demon" summoned by Zhao Xu still stood obediently at the front of the team, without saying a word, looking at the muddy ground under his feet without any emotion. 
"You're not going to tell me that the wizard's tower is hidden underground in this swamp, are you?" Zhao Xu asked in surprise. If Frost Sword had been teasing him from the beginning, he would have to show the other person the killing power of the Soul Imprisonment Demon, so that he would know that even a third-level wizard is not to be trifled with.
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境