
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
He forcibly slammed on the brakes in front of Zhao Xu, and the abnormally strong leg muscles once again exerted force, instantly rushing towards the window at an angle.

After the increase in strength by 4 points, even if Peter was originally at the level of an ordinary person, at this moment he could be considered powerful and mighty.

The glass window, deliberately nailed with thin wooden boards to prevent light from coming in, was directly shattered in place, and the frame of the window was completely distorted.

This allowed Peter to instantly burst through a huge hole, and then he tried to force his way out of the window, scrambling with his feet and hands.

"Slow spell." Zhao Xu happened to release his control spell at this time.

As the main attacking method was the soul-imprisoning demon, naturally the spell Zhao Xu was preparing to cast leaned towards control.

At this moment, Peter, who had become a semi-hell creature, had already crawled through most of the window, leaving only his legs. Suddenly, he felt a slow and stagnant force coming from behind him, spreading from the soles of his feet to the top of his head.

Just as Peter was about to crawl out of the window, the whole person suddenly fell heavily to the ground, feeling very uncomfortable with the lack of coordination in his entire body.

He felt as if he were a clock that had been slowed down.

Originally, at the moment when Peter crawled out of the window, he was about to continue fleeing, seizing this critical moment.

Initially, when he heard the doorbell ring, he didn't think much of it.

But after seeing the two people who came in, he instantly recognized that his classmate Eliton was standing behind, a weakling he could easily tear apart. It was just that the man standing in front of him, invisibly gave him tremendous pressure.

It was a direct sense of life and death urgency, which had once caused him to decisively give up sitting on the throne of the Arcane King and awakening as a mage.

Peter immediately decided to retreat on the spot.

But now, although he was not under control, he was in even more trouble than if he had been controlled.
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境
当前地区当日额度已消耗完, 请尝试更换网络环境