
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 330: Advanced Support

Although the team didn't understand what Zhao Xu had realized, they hurried to follow his orders, not even bothering to clean up the bloodstains on the bodies, and carried each corpse to the grass outside.

Seeing this scene, Peter exclaimed, "What are you doing? Stop immediately!"

However, the team didn't pay any attention to his protests and continued to execute their task.

"What are you doing?" Elliot asked curiously.

"I just figured out that this eternal life thing is no longer a problem for the other side, since they don't want to sit on the throne of the King of the Elements," Zhao Xu explained. "And today, they're using their parents as offerings, which means they must have another request."

When Elliot heard the word "offerings", he was taken aback and broke out in a cold sweat.

"I think he might want to take another step further and become a true demon. Or, he might want his family to become 'half-demon' beings."

At this point, Zhao Xu glanced around the living room.

Most of the doors and windows had been sealed with wooden boards, and some exorcism materials could be seen scattered around, including replicas of holy symbols and bottles of holy water.

The priest, Goda, sighed, "I suppose his parents wanted to perform an exorcism for him to become a normal human being, but then he was murdered by his parents, which is just too naive. He thought he could solve this problem with his own strength."
Here is the translation:

"It's not wrong," Zhao Xu warned Elton, "sometimes trying to solve a problem on your own will only make it worse and worse."

Elton nodded slightly, seemingly understanding, but Zhao Xu continued, "Unexpectedly, you can guess that."

At this point, Peter, who had grown fangs, said, "No matter what you do, it won't stop my lord's will."

Zhao Xu immediately clenched his fist and let out a sigh. "Control level," he shouted directly at Pastor Gouda.

Peter had no idea that the two words "my lord" had revealed a great secret to Zhao Xu and given him a lot of confidence.

As a demon king who had been harassed by the abyssal evil king "Grazit", Zhao Xu was planning to take advantage of this opportunity to probe the will of the abyss.

Although he was only a 5th-level ordinary mage, at this moment, he had the qualifications to kick a stone in the turbulent tide and make a slight change.

"What level?" Pastor Gouda asked.

Their team was the lowest level, "blue", and above that were "yellow", "green", and "red". As for the ones above, he was not clear about it.

"Red," Zhao Xu directly declared, "I will publish on my behalf."

This was the strongest power that the "High-Level Inspector" could mobilize, which meant that the supporting team would have at least nine-ring mages.

This level was rare in the regular emergency response of the Rose Cross.

About ten minutes later, a transmission spell flashed on the lawn in the garden, and Zhao Xu saw his old friend, the mage "Rayan".
Here is the translation of the text:

"You're a celestial being, aren't you?" Lei An said with a bad mood after seeing Zhao Xiu, "Can you be assigned to a teaching position to interact with people from different social classes? Is this the kind of ritual you can handle?"

Lei An wore a plain white robe, but the edge of the robe was embroidered with nine concentric rings made of gold thread, symbolizing his identity as a ninth-ring mage.

As the members of the Empty Squad saw Lei An appear, they quickly approached him to greet him.

At this time, Zhao Xiu also discovered that the team behind Lei An had become mostly composed of pure mages, except for one Saint Warrior, whereas the warriors like Patrol Linke from the Empty Squad were no longer present.

Zhao Xiu was surprised and looked at Lei An after hearing the team's title, "Have you been promoted? Are you a mage?"

Lei An finally revealed a smile, looking proud at Zhao Xiu, "Ah, I've broken through the legend and taken my rightful place."

"That's strange," Zhao Xiu continued to complain, "Why did you come this time? The last time you met Andy's four corpses, it was you who notified me."

However, this time it was Lei An who came again, which seemed to be some kind of coincidence.

"I don't think you can just call a ninth-ring mage over and expect them to cooperate so easily," Lei An explained. "So, I must have been the one who actively applied for this."

In reality, he was also worried that his colleagues did not understand the situation, and if he offended Zhao Xiu, who was already rising in the organization, he would likely take a beating.

In the eyes of the floating city, mages who cannot perform legendary magic, such as the ninth-ring mages, are mostly just ordinary people.

On the other hand, those with the potential to become legendary mages will receive special treatment, at least including the treatment of being revived after accidental death during an adventure.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this moment, the people who were originally present had already overestimated Zhao Xu's forces. They saw the deputy chief who was originally high above suddenly and seamlessly connected with the high-ranking inspector in front of him, and it was clear that his name was genuine and not just a myth.

After all, Lian An was a well-known figure in the Rose Cross, known for his iron bones and unyielding spirit. He would mock anyone who tried to curry favor with him, regardless of their family background.

Goda was relieved that he had just acted according to the other party's request and didn't take any shortcuts.

As Lian An handed over a completely gold-plated invitation card to Zhao Xu, he said, "Remember to attend my legendary promotion ceremony."

Zhao Xu was taken aback and hesitated before accepting the invitation.

He didn't expect that the metal invitation card would be so well-made, with no date left blank.

"You don't have a time limit on this invitation?" Zhao Xu asked.

"You're naive. This is an invitation for you to watch and feel the legendary strong's promotion ceremony at that time. I also can't predict the frequency of the magic network's fluctuations. Anyway, within a few months, the suitable time will come, and you'll definitely know it. Then, you can enter with this card."

"That will allow you to get close and observe, which will be beneficial for your future breakthroughs."

Lian An said, "And at that time, I'm busy breaking through, who has the time to entertain you? I'll arrange who can and can't enter. So, take this VIP card for now."

Deep down, he was also beating his drum, hoping that Zhao Xu would bring Ana and Noya together to attend the ceremony. He wondered if the series of divine tools on his body might be able to help him pull him up when he fails.

At this moment, Zhao Xu also noticed that the entire team of scouts was looking at him with envy, all holding their breath. Even Elliot was staring blankly. Even Peter, with his normal intelligence, could only remain silent after hearing Lian An's words.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this moment, everyone realized that Zhao Xū was someone from the underworld. After casting a glance at Peter, who had become a half-demon creature, Leì ān walked into the room. The several high-ranking priests and mages he had brought with him were already investigating in the living room.

One of the priests, with a stern expression, said, "The opponent is trying to turn their parents and butler into 'half-demon creatures.'" This confirmed one of Zhao Xū's judgments.

Generally, priests who wear black robes in the Goddess Church play the role of executioners.

Leì ān waved his hand, saying, "Take that kid to the torture chamber for interrogation. Whether he's dead or alive, bring him to the temple to be revived with the nine-ring resurrection spell."

Arthurs, "undead creatures," "interdimensional creatures," and "elemental creatures" that would die if their life force was zero would all need to use seven-ring or nine-ring resurrection spells to revive.

After Leì ān gave the order, a middle-aged mage with a scarred face and a yellow-toothed smile immediately went over and dragged Peter to an empty space. He then released the five-ring "Mendecian Secret Room" spell.

Instantly, a dark area that couldn't be seen or detected formed, covering their movements.

"This is the third case of someone turning into a 'half-demon creature' in the past five years," Leì ān said, looking at the iron chain fixed to the ceiling.

"Clean up this area first," Leì ān instructed the black-robed priest, looking at the fresh red stain on the ground with disdain.

Then he dragged Zhao Xū out.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Is that violent enough?" Zhao Xu didn't expect Lei An not to analyze the entire ritual's context, but instead to directly and brutally solve the problem.

"I don't care about all this, I know you can't do anything, and you think they're pitiful, so you want to use your magic to save them and bring them back to life?"

Just as he finished speaking, he realized that Zhao Xu didn't ask him another question, and for a moment, he felt uncomfortable, saying "Hey, you're not asking me why?"

Zhao Xu looked at Lei An strangely and said, "Ah, I've already reacted to the fact that you must recognize that ritual array, so there's no need to research it anymore. Besides, it's urgent to disrupt the ritual to prevent the opponent's parents and those few servants from being transformed into half-forged hell beings."

As soon as they become half-forged hell beings, it means that the price of revival has increased, from the "Five-Ring Death Revival" method to the "Complete Revival" method at the "Nine-Ring" level.

"Hmph, it's fine," Lei An whispered lowly, "Now that I'm a three-ring mage, I've finally gained some experience."

"It's good that you didn't ask me why I didn't use the Five-Ring Revival method to revive them," Zhao Xu said.

At this moment, Elliott also leaned in to hear Zhao Xu's explanation.

Zhao Xu was looking at the people handling the corpses ahead of him and said, "They didn't report it and chose to solve it on their own, which isn't wrong, but they'll have to bear the corresponding consequences. They're already beyond life and death."

"Besides, if I don't intervene, I should take care of it myself instead of asking someone else to do it for me."

In his past life, he was one of those who were unable to revive their family members.

He could better understand the brutal significance that the concept of "revival" brings.