
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 334: The Language of the Damned

According to the feedback from the church, if Zhao Xū stays within a 10-meter range of the old pastor, he will not have too many issues with sensing the fluctuations.

However, in reality, he was just planning to slip away to do some personal business.

Ultimately, Zheng Xin'ān also has the possibility of converting to the faith of the goddess, so he definitely seized the opportunity to collect data. In his past life, he had seen many examples of people who had dragged on and then changed.

As for Lei ān, he was just mistaken, and there was no need to explain too much, which would only cause trouble. In any case, he would also pay attention to the commotion on the other side.

"Aww, I didn't expect the youngest black-robed priest to be the big shot. Could it be that he's a legendary big shot?"

"What do you know?"

After the old pastor left, the novice priests in the classroom were all excited because it was their first class, and they had not yet touched on prayers and the like. They couldn't help but discuss with their friends beside them.

"That priest who's already grey-haired must have at least six rings, and the one beside him who's pale and has a stern expression may also have four rings. They have to go and discuss specific matters with the old pastor. What level do you think the young priest standing at the door has achieved?"

This analysis suddenly made the people around him look convinced.

However, the topic center of Zhao Xū was actually conducting his own experiment, as if he was completely unaware of the opinions of the outside world.

Inside the goddess's church, his own divine power fluctuations had already been significantly weakened.
Here is the translation of the text:

But all this still left him feeling astonished, because Zheng Xin'an had recited the "incantation" given by Zhao Xu from beginning to end.

This connection, aside from being physically manifested on Earth, had even more profound effects on Arthur.

This also made Zhao Xu speculate whether he could, if he finally gained faith, create a virtual deity.

"Woah, have you seen the young pastor's movements?" a novice female pastor suddenly exclaimed.

"What's going on, are you going crazy?" The people around him immediately followed his gaze to Zhao Xu's current movements, but there was nothing unusual about them.

"Your steps don't feel like they have a divine rhythm to them, I need to memorize it, it might be related to an ancient 'original prayer' method. I'm sure someone who reaches such a high position at such a young age is constantly praying to the goddess."

The novice female pastor confidently said this.

As soon as she spoke, the others all looked at Zhao Xu with a mixture of doubt and skepticism, observing him from a distance.

Arthur, who knew that Zhao Xu's movements weren't special, also quietly warned himself to learn from the senior pastor, always expressing his faith to the goddess.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu turned his head sharply and stared at the old pastor.

He had just felt a strange, unusual sensation on his body, similar to the feeling he had when he touched the deep-seated king Gratz.

For a moment, Zhao Xu's focused expression made the spirits of the three people tighten up.

Even the message summoning a large number of personnel to come quickly was released with great fanfare.
Here is the translation of the text:

Outside the Sacred Heart Cathedral, even a demon who has reached legendary status will not dare to venture into their sphere of influence. However, when the opponent is not on the periphery of the cathedral, but rather within, and is close to the novice priests, it will become cautious. If, in the battle against the demon, even a single novice priest is injured, it will become a major scandal, even an act of blasphemy against the goddess. This is also the reason why the church is currently on high alert. Even Zhao Xu is starting to suspect that the church may resort to using its ultimate power to summon the goddess and locate the demon. However, this is ultimately a form of self-deprecation. Even if the demon is lucky enough to die successfully and escape back to the underworld, it will undoubtedly receive a rich reward. This is also why Lei An, a nine-ring strong warrior, is eagerly anticipating this task's reward. At this moment, Zhao Xu also understands why the church needs people who have touched the power of the deep abyss, represented by "Grazzt". Because it is a familiar feeling that wraps around his entire body, a mysterious sensation that is impossible to shake off. Zhao Xu himself does not reject this power of "chaos", which is the essence of the "Grazzt" camp. However, the internal disarray makes him feel like everything is chaotic and disordered, making it hard for him to breathe. As for the old priest who is being stared at by the four-eyed demon, he is currently delightedly discussing his own teachings. Having been in the church for many years, he is used to these routine conversations and has no obstacles at all.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Even more, he was constantly giving advice to the two middle-aged pastors in front of him, but the woman pastor with a full head of white hair looked somewhat familiar, and for a moment, he couldn't recognize her.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu felt a surge of divine power from the depths of his soul.

This kind of intensity was so strong that he didn't even need to sense it, and the demon would automatically reveal itself.

This unusual feeling lifted Zhao Xu's spiritual awareness and crisis consciousness to an extreme.

Zhao Xu suddenly realized that all the anomalies were coming from him.

"Secondary Quick Release!" Zhao Xu gritted his teeth and cast this spell, knowing that if he hesitated for even a moment, he might be killed on the spot.

In an instant, the entire world seemed to freeze in response to Zhao Xu's command.

In this critical moment, Zhao Xu turned around with a puzzled expression.

As he turned, he saw a typical demon-like figure standing behind him, with eyes that flashed with malevolent light, a body like a statue, and giant bat wings on its back.

The demon was waving its arm, with a dark, death-filled aura condensing on its hand, aimed at Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu's peripheral vision caught a glimpse of the shocked expressions of the people in the scene, but the demon's figure was moving so quickly that everyone's voices were still being transmitted.

Everything is relative.

Zhao Xu discovered the demon's abyssal power.

And the demon, through the movement of its abyssal power, discovered the "Grazzt" resentment left on Zhao Xu's body.

This resentment was so strong that the demon immediately gave up its current task and launched a suicidal attack on Zhao Xu.

However, Zhao Xu had already used his crisis awareness to pre-emptively release the secondary quick release.
Here is the translation of the text:

It seemed as if he couldn't cast any more spells, but in this brief moment, he was actually controlling everything. Zhao Xu directly used his leg strength to kick off his "transmission boots".

In an instant, Zhao Xu's entire body image was transmitted a short distance, just enough to dodge the desk where Lei An was sitting.

The distance was less than seven meters, short but between life and death. Time resumed its flow.

The demon who had restored to its original form just swung its hand, but it was a direct miss.

The cries of surprise in the classroom slowly spread.

【Adventurer Zhong Xia, you are about to enter a state of dizziness after casting the "Secondary Quick Burst" spell】

Zhao Xu, who could abuse "Spell Endurance" to counter this, would have to pay the price of being paralyzed for one round after using the "Secondary Quick Burst" spell.

However, by this time, Lei An had raised his hand to cast a spell at the demon.

On the other hand, the six-ring pastor, Blanch, who was old enough to be Zhao Xu's grandmother, had a "Healing Art" heading straight for Zhao Xu.

This was also Lei An's order. As soon as the battle began, he would use his "Healing Art" to treat Zhao Xu's over 100 HP and remove a multitude of negative states.

After all, he needed Zhao Xu to be able to jump up and down "alive" in the future, not lying in bed watching a movie.

At this moment, Zhao Xu, who had just been released from his dizziness, also recovered and regained control of his entire body.

However, since he hadn't actually suffered from dizziness for a round, he couldn't cast the "Secondary Quick Burst" spell again before accepting the punishment.

Zhao Xu turned his head back, looking at the demon suspended in mid-air above the corridor.
Here is the translation of the text:

He just so happened to see the spell cast by Lei An being refracted by the demon and then disappear without a trace.

The "spell resistance" boosted by the demon's abyssal power had resisted the attack!

Zhao Xu knew this was not normal, and Lei An must have had other means, but the crucial first move had been lost.

The demon suddenly let out a cruel laugh and split into two, with one half flying away into the distance and the other half rushing into the room where the novice priests were waiting.

"This is just an illusion," Lei An shouted suddenly, and his entire figure vanished instantly.

Zhao Xu and the remaining two priests, as well as the elderly priest who had been invited to meet with them, all rushed towards the room.

Although they had already received the news that the room was an illusion, they still needed to comfort the novice priests.

Otherwise, the goddess's face would be lost.

The demon then flew around the room, laughing maniacally, causing many novice priests, especially the girls, to cover their heads in distress.

The new players, who had never experienced such a terrible creature before, were stunned.

At this moment, the priest from the Judgment Hall, Ma Xiu, roared with anger and pulled out a nail-studded hammer from his waist, ready to rush forward and take down the illusion.

Meanwhile, the other priest who had just healed Zhao Xu was worriedly looking at the distant figure of Lei An, continuing to cast a "defensive barrier" on Zhao Xu's body.

She had just noticed that the demon was prioritizing attacks on Zhao Xu and didn't know if the opponent would return and counterattack Zhao Xu.
After recalling the instructions left by Lei An, she directly displayed this spell that can repel all death spells, magical death effects, absorb energy, and other negative energy effects. In short, let Zhao Xu be beaten to death by someone, but not killed instantly by magic.

Zhao Xu's dynamic bar also displayed the countdown of the spell, 12 minutes.

However, when Matthew, who had flown up to the ceiling, tried to shatter the illusion, his face turned pale.
Because he felt the real sensation of being hit back by the opponent's innate shield.
This is not an illusion!

The demon gazed at Zhao Xu with a ruthless expression, scanning him from the novice priests beneath his eyelids, and then spoke in a hellish tone: "Profane speech!"