
Chapter 360: The Difficulty that Cannot be Overlooked

After Zhao Xu obtained the "Art of Magic Upgrade" specialization, a smile had already begun to spread across his face, but at this moment, two mounted cavalrymen were approaching him from ahead, with no one by his side who knew what he had obtained.

From the perspective of level specialization, Zhao Xu would have to wait until level 9 to obtain the next specialization. Considering the difficulty of leveling up from level 6 to 9, it is likely that this was something he had been preparing for a long time.

The last opportunity was when he leveled up to level 7, and when the "Master of Magic" reached level 2, he could obtain an additional specialization. Normally, a wizard would not obtain a specialization until level 5.

The "Master of Magic" at level 1 gained the ability "Master Control", and at level 2, it gained a specialization. This was where the strength of the advanced profession lay.

However, his specialization was very rare. It was like having a spell that could make the range of spell damage reach its maximum value, or one that could increase damage by about half. Zhao Xu did not choose either of these options. Instead, he directly chose the "Art of Magic Upgrade", which was because this specialization could reach its peak effect in his hands.

Ordinary people could resist spells in two ways: by using evasion or by using spell resistance. Unless the spell ignored evasion or resistance, it would be extremely difficult to resist. For example, a spell like "Profane Words" could kill instantly if it was above level 10. It had already become a formidable killing move.

As for ordinary people, they would not have spell resistance, so they would be powerless in this regard.

Therefore, ordinary people could not withstand spells, and most of the time, it depended on whether they could withstand evasion.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu received education on spellcasting combat at An Ti Nuo Ya's place, and learned about this aspect.

To make someone unable to resist a spell, one can either use a non-avoidable spell or make their own spell avoidance difficulty too high for others to pass through.

Generally, spell avoidance difficulty is based on a foundation of 10 levels, with intelligence adjustment added on top, and then spell circle numbers stacked on top.

For Zhao Xu, with an intelligence of 22, his spell avoidance difficulty is 16 + X circle.

For example, the fireball spell reflection avoidance difficulty is 19 levels.

For ordinary people, the profession provides almost no reflection avoidance, and adding agility attribute makes it even more miserable, so it's basically relying on a 0-level reflection avoidance foundation and adding temporary performances to harden. Therefore, Zhao Xu's fireball spell is only half-damageable when opponents reflect perfectly at the 19th or 20th level.

As for some monsters that have over 20-level reflection avoidance, Zhao Xu's fireball spell is basically guaranteed to pass through.

However, increasing intelligence is extremely difficult in terms of avoidance difficulty.

Therefore, most spellcasters can only choose to specialize in certain schools of magic to improve corresponding spell difficulties by 2 levels.

It's just a consolation.

On the other hand, it is possible to achieve "spell upgrade" and simultaneously increase the ring number and avoidance difficulty of the spell.

For example, if someone like Lei An learns spell upgrade, they can use a 9-ring spell position to prepare fireball, making the fireball spell difficulty stackable up to 9 rings, equivalent to increasing the avoidance difficulty by 6 levels.
Here is the translation of the text:

Two specified spellcasting factions have expertise in both primary and advanced spellcasting, which is only up to 4 levels. Moreover, after leveling up, it is possible to bypass the limitations of "Subordinate Spell Ineffective Boundary" and "Spell Ineffective Boundary". 

Zhou Xu once used the "Spell Ineffective Boundary" in the staff of protection in the underground tunnel to avoid the cluster of three-ring spells fired by the curse cannon. This allowed him to be immune to 1-4 ring spells.

Later, when Zhou Xu transformed or synchronized with the angel, the angel's own "Protective Spirit" was also combined with the "Subordinate Spell Ineffective Boundary".

It can be said that a 4th-level mage can directly suppress these 1-3rd level mages to death. However, after leveling up, Zhou Xu only needs to upgrade his spells to the 5th level to bypass the limitations.

However, the number of people who choose to upgrade their spells is ultimately limited because the cost of upgrading spells is too severe.

For example, a 3rd-level "Human Transformation Spell" plus the instant spell casting mechanism would occupy 7 spell slots.

Similarly, the same "Group Human Transformation Spell" would only occupy 7 spell slots.

If the Human Transformation Spell is upgraded to the 7th level, aside from the difficulty of exemption, there would be no other benefits.

Moreover, Zhou Xu currently only has a 3rd-level spell slot.

He can only upgrade the 0-2nd level spells to the 3rd level, and it is still impossible to bypass the spell ineffective boundary.

Therefore, mages who have the ability to upgrade spells are ordinary.

However, Zhou Xu, who has the ability to control magic, is exceptional. He can choose to upgrade his spells to the Xth level, but the specific cost of the spell slots will be borne by his ability to control magic and result in X points of attribute damage.
Here is the translation:

Then, theoretically, he can also use "energy protection" to make the X-point attribute damage immune, as long as he uses six different attributes afterwards and re-refreshes the spell. However, Zhao Xiu is aware of two limitations.

He cannot arbitrarily increase the spell's difficulty to a billion levels, because his attributes are limited. The X-point attribute damage cannot exceed his attribute value, even if he puts it at the highest 22 intelligence attribute, which is capped at 21 points of attribute damage.

Additionally, Zhao Xiu needs to have a minimum of 19 intelligence to cast the nine-ring spell. Therefore, with his current 22 intelligence, he can only cast up to 12-ring spells.

This means that all his spells can only reach a maximum of 12 rings, corresponding to a difficulty level of 28. However, this is not what was originally expected, as he had hoped to reach 21 rings and a difficulty level of 34.

This is also the reason why the "+6 intelligence headwear" is significant for Zhao Xiu. In addition to increasing the difficulty level of his spell by 3 levels due to intelligence, it can also increase the number of rings by 6 levels, making his spell difficulty level reach 37.

However, with his current 28-level difficulty, he has already reached the ceiling that ordinary mages cannot reach.

As for the old witch, if she only uses the basic ordinary version, it would be extremely difficult for her to avoid his spell. However, if she has 25-level magic resistance, there is still a 50% chance that she can resist his 12-level spell.

As for other players, with their low-level casting abilities, it is basically impossible for them to penetrate the old witch's magic resistance.
Here is the translation of the text in English:

Until the cavalrymen in front of them used their long swords to part a thick thicket of weeds, Zhao Xu and his companions finally caught sight of an old, dilapidated house that was already showing signs of collapse.

From the blackened walls and charred remains, it seemed that this house had been burned and then hidden by the passage of time.

It was unusual for a lone house to appear in the wilderness, especially since most species, due to the presence of numerous monsters, preferred to live in groups. Those who could live alone were usually those with exceptional abilities.

Since this house was a certain distance from the cemetery, it was unlikely to be the home of the guardian of the dead.

Zhao Xu began to slow his pace, trying to approach the house.

Just then, Chuck, who was still looking puzzled, suddenly changed color and pulled Zhao Xu, saying, "Minister, I suddenly remember a legend."

Zhao Xu turned around and looked at him, saying, "What?"

Mrs. Betty, who was standing by, hesitated to speak, but ultimately said nothing more.

As the commander of Mrs. Betty's escort team, Chuck was around 30 years old and had reached the level of a 1-star warrior. Although he was not outstanding, his robust physique and bulging biceps made it easy for him to survive.

He looked thoughtful, recalling the past before saying, "I once escorted Mrs. Betty back to Frosty Town, and I heard the children there sing a nursery rhyme."

"The keywords seem to be old houses, cemeteries, hide-and-seek, and old witches."

As soon as he finished speaking, Zheng Xin's hair stood on end, and she couldn't help but lean towards Zhao Xu.

The old, dilapidated houses and cemeteries already matched the current situation.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu pointed to the two cavalrymen in front of him, saying, "I see the house. You two stand behind me."
If the old house in front is indeed the residence of the old witch, it's not necessary to let people die for no reason.

At this time, Zhao Xu lowered his head and thought deeply about it. The old witch's attack could be considered a magical weapon, coincidentally able to pierce through the defensive armor of his star-studded cloak.

At first glance, his defense, which added up to 18 layers, was still difficult to reverse the heavens, and was still under the threat of the old witch's power.

Originally, the defense from his 1st-level agility perfectly offset his vulnerability to injury.

However, as a three-ring spellcaster, Zhao Xu was not worried at all, having possessed the ability to stack static defense after mastering the art of over-magic grasp.