
Chapter 373 The Only Inheritance
As Zhao Xu walked forward, the shining super magic storm, glowing with secret energy, blew onto his body, and countless secret energy particles entered his body.
[Adventurer Zhong Xia, you are currently in the "Extreme Magic" super magic state awakening state.]
Seeing this scene, Zhao Xu almost shouted. It was as if someone had come to bring him a pillow while he was dozing off.
The effects of strong and extreme magic cannot be stacked separately, but twins are different.
Although he still needed to test it on the spot, if he could stack them, it meant that after stacking two super magic specialties, both twin spells would be in an extreme state.
Originally, the "Chilling Touch" with 3-18 points of agility damage, when stacked with two extreme effects, instantly became a full 36 points of agility damage.
For monsters below the basic epic level, except for immunity to attribute damage, if hit by this spell, they would immediately fall to the ground in a helpless state.
A spell of only three rings, stacked with four rings of twins and three rings of extreme effects, would require ten ring spell slots.
Unless one has a powerful means of reducing the number of rings, otherwise, a general mage would need to become legendary and acquire ten ring spell slots through legendary specialties in order to use this method.
Although according to Antinoya, the duration is only one year, this is enough to give Zhao Xu a powerful boost in the current shortage of specialties.
"Relax and meditate for eight hours, then you can officially gain this super magic ability," Antinoya's gentle voice came.
Eight hours?
Zhao Xuren couldn't help but turn his head to look at Antinoya, but she remained calm as usual. From the beginning, she realized what was going on when she saw the super magic storm. 
Are legendary mages' time so worthless? 
Just hanging out with him here? 
If so, shouldn't we go inside first and then act? 
But Antinoya shook her head, "She directly created a super magic storm, her attitude here is already very clear."
"She doesn't want to see you."
Antinoya's voice was very clear and ethereal, and even though Zhao Xuren was being brushed by the secret energy particles of the storm, he still sensed a special emotion.
But soon Antinoya was staring at the mysterious cave ahead, "Wumei, is it useful for you to hide?"
Even in the dark night, Zhao Xuren could still see the space behind Antinoya starting to distort, like a tightly twisted steel whip suddenly loosening, causing a vortex to appear on the originally calm lake surface.
An endless sense of terror constantly spread from it, permeating an extremely ominous power. The surrounding lush grass piles were instantly disintegrated and disappeared without a trace.
Legendary magic?
After Zhao Xuren didn't expect Antinoya to ask a question, she immediately started casting legendary magic, as if she was about to cast it into the mouth of the cave.
And at this moment, he was sitting in the middle of the super magic storm.
This super magic storm happened to be stuck at the mouth of the cave.
At the moment, Zhao Xuren, who was about to enter a meditative state to feel and ultimately gain the super magic expertise, was instantly shocked.
At this moment, he had already casually held down the high boots under his feet, and if something went wrong, he would activate the secondary rapid burst and flee with the teleportation boots.
And if the fluctuations of this spell were too great, he would have to directly end the duration of the "Divine Steps" and flee to a hundred kilometers away.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even if Grazzit, who had been annoyed by him once, had to come to see who could escape the fastest. At this time, the spatial range that had been turned back by the intangible vortex behind Anzhenya was already getting bigger and bigger, and the soil on the ground was being directly eroded and separated, with no empty space visible. It seemed as if this world had never existed.

This was the super-advanced version of the legendary "Disconnection Technique" spell.

Looking at that kind of power, Zhao Xu had no doubt that he could crush a mountain peak by slamming it into the mountain range and cutting off the sky.

"Miss."

Suddenly, a mysterious figure appeared in the shadow of the entrance.

Then, she bowed slightly to Zhao Xu before slowly walking out.

She was wearing a set of armor that shone with a silver glow, but her delicate features and slender figure were not hidden. Her golden hair cascaded down her back like a waterfall. With a long sword of icy light clutched tightly in both hands, she stood facing Anzhenya with great courage.

"Hmph."

Anzhenya just let out a faint hum when she saw the saintly warrior, but did not take action against her.

"A small demon, even though you exist as a carrier, don't you think that I was able to catch you last time, but not this time?"

The woman known as a demoness looked very natural, but her face was not nervous. "Miss, I'll let you handle me later. But please listen to me for a moment."

"Then say it."

Anzhenya's vortex behind her, which had been mixed with destructive aura, finally stopped growing in size.

If it continued to grow, Zhao Xu would have to doubt that this land vein would break apart.

"May 15th, she couldn't appear at this time."
The enchantress saint warrior said, and she reversed the hilt of her sword, directly inserted it into the ground, and then knelt down to show respect.

"If you want to kneel, kneel to someone else. We mages don't play by these rules," Antinoya slightly turned her body.

"You are the only heir of my lord, and naturally, you are the one I serve," the enchantress saint warrior respectfully lowered her head.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu seemed to feel that this space was filled with a mysterious and surging atmosphere.

Like turbulent waves, yet also calm and gentle.

The tranquility before the storm condensed into a mysterious balance at this moment.

And after hearing this, Antinoya seemed a little sad.

"May, what do you mean?"

Although the enchantress saint warrior did not know why Antinoya suddenly changed, she knew that the other party had started to compromise.

"Miss May said that she will seal the mountain next. Bringing me out of the abyss was just an accident, and she will not repeat such behavior,"

"Before my lord returns to this land, she has no intention of changing the oath she made in front of the River Styx."

At this point, Antinoya turned her head and looked deeply at the enchantress saint warrior in front of her, who had a calm expression. "After so many years, she finally guessed it?"

"Yes, I am the product of Miss May's verification of this guess," the enchantress saint warrior said that she was the product of an experiment, but there was no trace of sadness.

As if this was her rebirth.

"After so many years, her head has finally turned around," Antinoya said lightly, "In that case, you know that I will absolutely not allow any changes to the plan that has existed for thousands of years."

Instantly, lightning surged down from the distant horizon, and the deep blue lightning became a bridge connecting heaven and earth.
A huge energy thundercloud billowed in the energy-filled sky.
Antinoya looked at the distant display of will, but didn't care.
"So, her probing ends here?" 
"Exactly."
The enchanting holy warrior bowed her head even lower at this point, "Lady May has said she will only wait for history to repeat itself."
"And what about you?" Antinoya seemed to see something.
The enchanting holy warrior blushed and smiled, "Lady May, as our master's chosen one on earth, has advised me to protect Mr. Midsummer for a year, until the dissipation of the supermodel storm energy."
As she turned around, her innocent yet alluring eyes gazed directly at Zhao Xu, as if piercing through the fabric of time.
At this point, Zhao Xu didn't expect that this clouded conversation would ultimately come back to him.
Although he vaguely guessed that this was a move by some important figure, he himself was just a bystander in the web of fate, eating melon and casually shouting a few "666."
Who would have thought that the other party wanted to protect him?
Or rather, protect another "him."
He couldn't help but say, "Could it be that there is some kind of will hidden within me?"
"What are you thinking?" 
Antinoya suddenly chuckled, looking at Zhao Xu with a gentle expression.
"Midsummer, you are not someone's reincarnation, you are just you, forever you."
The enchanting holy warrior also chimed in, "Your will is eternal and unchanging."
At this point, Zhao Xu also looked down at the enchanting holy warrior in front of him, who could be considered a top-level beauty in both appearance and posture.
Here is the translation:

Although he knew that this was the shape of the demon after using his transformation ability, he couldn't help but take a few more glances at the beauty within. "What's your name?" Zhao Xu asked.

"Vivian," the demon saint warrior said, using a very common and ordinary name that made Zhao Xu unable to detect the slightest hint.

"However, isn't it a bit unsuitable? A mage having a saint warrior bodyguard by his side," Zhao Xu hesitated.

"No, Mr. Zhongxia, you are also a priest by origin," Vivian said with a coy smile.

Zhao Xu was about to speak up, but the gods they believed in were not consistent.

"No, it's very suitable," said Annalyn, who spoke up at this time. "The association has already decided this morning that you will be sent to 'Falling Star Town' to be the deputy head of the local mage association, and the term will be exactly one year."

"According to the rules, the last stretch of the road, you must personally tour it, so Vivian will be able to protect you," Annalyn said, pulling out from her own bosom an item that Zhao Xu had once dreamed of, "This +6 intelligence headband is a reward given to you by the association for your term."

Note: Zhongxia () is a title of respect, similar to "Mr." or "Sir".