
Chapter 39: Aftermath of War

The magic missile, controlled by the force field, ignored any hidden or defensive measures and could hit any target with 100% accuracy. It bypassed the skeletal warrior's iron shield and directly struck its body.

At the same time, the skeletal warrior's curved sword was about to strike Zhao Xu, who had just finished casting the spell and was about to dodge.

However, the residual impact of the magic missile's energy wave caused the skeletal warrior's body to freeze and then disappear instantly.

The competition arena returned to calm, and the summoned creatures transformed into illusions, dispersing into energy and leaving no trace. Zhao Xu wiped his cold sweat and muttered to himself, "I'm lucky."

At this moment, he saw the information panel of his character card.

【Player casts level 1 spell "Magic Missile"】
【The magic missile hits the skeletal warrior, dealing 1D4+1 = 4+1 = 5 points of damage.】
【The skeletal warrior's current HP is less than 0, and it is defeated.】
If the summoned skeletal warrior's HP was not below average, the magic missile's damage would not have been so effective. Otherwise, he might have been struck by the curved sword, leaving him in a precarious situation.

Just then, footsteps came from behind Zhao Xu, and An Niya walked up to him. She looked at Zhao Xu and asked, "Satisfied with the outcome?"

Zhao Xu just shook his head.

"It's not like you didn't do well. Let's summarize what happened. What were you thinking?" An Niya said.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this time, Zhao Xu began to explain the intelligence about the skeletal soldiers, from their HP to their attribute values, and he was almost 90% accurate.

"It's great," An Ti Nuo Ya responded. "The first step in a mage's battle is to prepare intelligence."

"In general, before a mage goes into battle, we need to clear the enemy's intelligence, so we can prepare accordingly. Newbie mages don't have many divination spells to gather intelligence, but that doesn't mean we can give up on this work. There are many places where we can gather intelligence, and even they won't be shielded by a mage's spells. You can use your player's advantages, which is great."

Zhao Xu smiled, recalling his memories from his past life. Luckily, An Ti Nuo Ya couldn't log in to their player's forum, otherwise, his secret would be exposed.

"The second point is self-preparation after clearing the enemy's intelligence. A prepared mage can launch a surprise attack on an unprepared mage, and even if they are of the same level, the victory is almost certain."

At this point, An Ti Nuo Ya looked straight at Zhao Xu's eyes.

"Tell me about the effects of mage armor," she said.

Zhao Xu didn't even need to open the character panel to explain.

"It can provide 4th-grade armor protection for defense."

"How about the duration?" An Ti Nuo Ya asked.

Zhao Xu was taken aback and said, "One hour per caster level."

He took a deep breath and said, "I should have cast this spell before I teleported over."

This spell's duration is much longer than other spells.

The 4th-grade armor bonus can reduce the hit rate by 20%.
Here is the translation of the text:

"'Alright, so next time you'll remember to use your magic to buff yourself as soon as you confirm you're about to go into battle.'"

"'And then, what were your thought processes when you saw the skeletal warriors coming towards you?' Anzuel continued to guide."

"Zhao Xu took a deep breath and slowly said, 'My first consideration was to cast the 'Mage's Shield' spell, which would reduce the probability of being hit by the skeletal warriors from 60% to 40%.'"

"Although the actual combat environment is complex, I still followed the basic rules of life values and attack-defense."

"The attack power plus the roll of a D20 (1-20 scale) would be sufficient to penetrate the defense and cause damage to life values as long as the attack level was greater than or equal to the defense level."

"The skeletal warriors had an attack power of only 1 level, plus a D20, which was only 2-21 levels at most."

"There was only a 60% chance of penetrating his defense."

"'But even if I did that, there was still a chance that the skeletal warrior could hit me, and its damage could be fatal. So I gave up on the defensive magic and decided to try to kill him directly.'"

"Zhao Xu's life value was 6 HP, pitifully thin."

"The damage from the skeletal warrior's sword was 1D6+1 (2-7 damage), and as long as the D6 range was 5-6, it would just be enough to knock him out."

"'At that time, my second consideration was the 'Defense Against Evil' spell, which would give me a +2 bonus to defense against evil creatures and make me immune to the damage from summoned creatures' natural weapons. However, the skeletal warriors were wielding curved swords, so I gave up on this spell too, as the benefits were not as good as the 'Mage's Shield' spell.'"
Here is the translation of the text:

When I was considering the next step, I thought of the "Rainbow Spray" spell, but unfortunately, the skeletal warrior's undead traits made it completely immune to this spell's effects, so I had to give up. As for teleportation, I knew that my mentor would not agree to switch positions with me, so I didn't consider it. The weak ray is also less effective than the shield of the law wizard.

The "Rainbow Spray" spell is actually a very brutal spell in the low-level spells. As long as the opponent's will fails, a creature will be stunned, blinded, and shaken for 2d4 rounds, and then blinded and shaken for 1d4 rounds. Finally, it will be shaken for 1 round. In reality, most creatures will be completely destroyed.

The skeletal warrior has 1D12 life, which is exactly less than 2HD.

However, its undead trait makes it immune to the effects of being stunned and shaken.

This also left Zhao Xu feeling embarrassed.

After Zhao Xu finished explaining, Aynaya nodded slightly and said, "In low-level spells, hitting the undead can cause 1D6 damage. Why didn't you use it?"

Zhao Xu shook his head and said, "This spell requires remote contact attack, which must first pass the opponent's defense level. The probability of hitting the opponent is only 35%. Moreover, the expected damage of the magic bullet is 3.5, which is the same as the expected damage of hitting the undead. So I definitely prefer to use the 100% sure magic bullet."

"Yes, it's good that you didn't think about the opponent being undead and directly used the 'Hitting the Undead' spell, which is a useless spell."

"You can also react quickly to these situations. Today's lesson is to show you the difference in combat experience."

"In the future, you will still need to be cautious of undead, monsters, constructs, elements, and plants. Think about how you will counter them. The elements are relatively easier to deal with, while the other four are basically nothing."
Zhao Xu nodded slightly, and although undead creatures had lower vitality due to their lack of physical bodies, their massive immunity did indeed make each wizard's head ache.

"As for the next test, the second test will begin. As long as you can cast a spell to hit me, you'll get a reward," Anzhenya said with a hint of a smile.