
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 390: Joint Strangulation

However, the variegated spider, which had already suffered injuries and was bleeding, noticed that some annoying flies had gathered behind it. It immediately turned its head and slapped at them.

Suddenly, a spider web as long as 20 meters and as wide as 20 meters descended from the sky and enveloped the innocent crowd.

"Ah, I'm being wrapped up! I don't want to die! Help me!" The elderly man, who had escaped to the edge, was suddenly caught by the spider web and let out a hoarse cry for help.

Even in his youth, he was no match for the gigantic variegated spider's massive web.

"Mom, save me! Save me!" A child was crying out, but his mother, who was also caught in the web, was crying tears of despair as she gazed at her child from the nearby tree stump.

Vivian was also caught in the web and was trying to struggle free, but the web itself had a difficulty level of 28, making it impossible for her to escape.

It was not a master of escape techniques, and it was impossible to escape.

Just as the variegated spider seemed to have heard the commotion beneath it, it felt a hint of hunger.

It turned its head and looked at the child trapped in the web, as if it was a small pastry on the web. The variegated spider opened its bloody mouth and swallowed the child whole.

Along with this, the child's mother let out a desperate wail, as if she was being pierced by a long sword.

However, aside from those who closed their eyes unable to bear the cruel ending, all the ordinary citizens caught in the web were staring blankly at the scene.
At this moment, a super giant spider with the momentum of thunder and lightning, opened its blood-filled mouth, and even the previously unreachable fangs of the spider were clearly visible after it became huge.

The dense row of sharp fangs was dripping with a deadly green light, like poison.

This biting attack also contained the venomous attack of the mutant spider that could cause physical damage.

Zhao Xu had encountered this kind of mutant spider in the underground temple before, but at that time it was only small.

Viavian, who had just barely broken free, also looked at Zhao Xu and exclaimed, "You actually relied on this move."

It was a spell that she had heard about from Lady May in the past, but had never seen any other mage use - the Wing of Protection.

Zhao Xu stood in front of the child, soaring through the air as if he had the power to traverse thousands of miles, just moments ago he had rushed to stand in front of the child.

Less than a meter in front of him was the drooling mutant spider.

But between them was an invisible shattered wing, like the wing of a giant dragon, which directly blocked the fatal blow for Zhao Xu.

With the increase in size, on one hand, there was a rapid increase in strength. The strength of the mutant spider in front of him had also increased from 3 points of strength when it was super small to 31 points of strength as a super giant.

As a result, the mutant spider's attack power also increased from 0 to 26.

Fortunately, the mutant spider itself did not have the ability to make consecutive attacks, it could only launch a single attack. So, with his limited defensive capabilities, Zhao Xu used the "Wing of Protection" spell.

Even a legendary strongman would be able to withstand a blow from this spell.

This was the unbeatable aspect of the strongest life-saving spell of the warlock.

At this point, the mutated spider's expression was already showing fear.
Insects without intelligence always remain neutral, because they do not have a sense of good and evil. But they do have the instinct for survival. This strange scene, with its magical defense mechanism, made the mutated spider sense an unusual sense of danger. "Be careful," Vivian exclaimed from behind. She also hurried towards them, but the spider web was too large, limiting her climbing speed. It was only then that Zhao Xu noticed, a huge figure appeared right next to him out of thin air. A super giant mutated scorpion! It silently crossed the transformed spider and attacked Zhao Xu. A dimensional gate? Dimensional jump? Or pure jumping skill? Regardless of the speculation, Zhao Xu felt a huge force charging straight towards him. In an instant, the 6th-level mage armor and 4th-level shield in front of Zhao Xu were shattered by the scorpion's attack, which exceeded 34 levels of powerful force. Without stacking the 5th-level natural defense of the dragon skin technique, the remaining 3rd-level lucky defense of the blessing was useless. It felt like a heavy hammer hitting his chest. Zhao Xu was like a kite without a tether, flying parallel on the spider web. It wasn't until he activated his flying ability and decelerated for almost ten meters that he stopped his steps, reorganizing his body in the air. At this point, Zhao Xu couldn't help but rub his chest. It was indeed a bit unexpected, because Zhao Xu had always relied on his ability to fly at high altitudes, so he wasn't particularly afraid of opponents who ran on two legs.
Who would have thought that he would encounter a sudden attack, but fortunately his "Star Cloak" still played its original role, ignoring the non-magical weapon attacks of the mutant scorpion. However, the 35 strength of the super giant mutant scorpion was equally extraordinary, and it threw the weak chicken with only 8 strength and light weight far away. At this moment, he just looked at the mutant scorpion that appeared out of thin air from a distance. The two originally hostile super giant monsters, after seeing them intervene, took turns attacking them with terrifying coordination. At that moment, Vivian had already arrived in front of the two monsters with the Divine Avenger in hand. Faced with the neutral insects, before she mastered the "Power of Faith," her "Evil Break" could only continue to be effective against evil creatures. Although the super giant mutant scorpion and mutant spider each had natural defense armor of more than ten levels, their increased size also increased their target range. Their defense was weakened by a full 8 levels due to their reduced size. In the end, they only had a defense capability of more than 20 levels, still within Vivian's deterrent range. However, at this moment, these two monsters seemed to have abandoned their fear, disregarding life and death, and continued to rush towards Zhao Xufei. This time, Zhao Xufei was prepared. He immediately manipulated the perfect flying power brought by his "Divine Step" to perform a flying stunt in place towards the two monsters in front of him. The third-level flying spell, which could only last for one round with the second level, met the enduring format of the "Swift Flight" version. The third-level acceleration spell, which could only last for 1-4 rounds with the second level "Swift Acceleration" version, also had restrictions, as it could only be cast on oneself and not on others.
Invisibly, this weakening actually satisfied the lasting format, so Zhao Xu, a second-tier spellcaster, obediently dug into his pocket. Directly increasing his flying speed, he raised another level upwards. In an instant, Zhao Xu flew at full speed, covering a distance of nearly fifty to sixty meters in just a few seconds towards the sky. He even exceeded the maximum jumping ability of the two giant insects. He also escaped from an absolute defensive distance. Without long-range attacks, these two giant insects could only attack him by killing him in person. At this moment, the super-giant mutated spider with eight legs suddenly jumped in place, accompanied by a violent sound of breaking through the air like a grenade shot, and shot towards Zhao Xu. Despite having a 10th-tier racial talent for jumping skills, the mutated spider was still unable to escape the constraints of gravity. After all, it was an insect that couldn't fly, and this suppression was even more obvious under its weight of over ten tons. Just as it was about to get close to Zhao Xu, who was flying at high speed, it used up all its momentum and performed a free fall with lateral speed once again. Accompanying this was a similar dull sound of landing, and even Zhao Xu could see the shaking of the surrounding trees and rocks with the naked eye. The previous sound, most likely, was caused by the shocking jump of the mutated spider, followed by a desperate landing, which fortunately did not break its spider legs. However, Zhao Xu did not relax, because he had already seen that the super-giant mutated scorpion had also disappeared from his sight. In an instant, it reappeared. In this dim night, Zhao Xu, who could only vaguely discern the surrounding scenery by the moonlight, immediately felt the pressure of the giant scorpion appearing above him, as if Mount Tai was pressing down on him. The mutated scorpion appeared in flight above his head just like that.
The massive body, blocking out the sky and sun, intercepted all the light. It also enveloped Zhao Xu within its deadly range.

This time, the variegated scorpion directly opened its two enormous pincer-like anterior claws, forming a ring-like posture, and pounced towards Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu's complexion finally changed.

As if he had inhaled the meaning of death.

He had already guessed the variegated scorpion's intention, tightly embracing him, rendering him unable to move.

Then he would be held by this monster, which was over 20 meters long and over 10 meters wide, and dropped freely.

Compressed into meat pulp!