
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 392: The Law of Magical Staff

The Law of Magical Staff is a type of staff that can consume the same amount of magical energy as the caster's magical abilities. This staff is engraved with intricate magical symbols and has a mysterious gemstone at its tip. The staff is only a few pounds heavy and has a smooth, dark stone-like surface.

The Law of Magical Staff is a unique type of staff that allows the caster to consume the same amount of magical energy as their magical abilities, allowing them to cast spells from the staff. This staff can be used to cast a variety of spells, including frostbite, fireball, ice shards, and more.

Zhao Xu has a particularly valuable Law of Magical Staff worth around 60,000 gold coins, which allows him to cast a range of spells. However, due to his exceptional magical abilities and prescience, his use of the staff is not as remarkable as that of other mages.

It is worth noting that the Law of Magical Staff requires a "tuning ritual" to be performed before use, and repeating the ritual will only overwrite the previous one. Therefore, each person can only have one Law of Magical Staff at a time.

This staff can also serve as a +2 enchanted wooden staff and grant the user a 2nd-level lucky charm, which can absorb half of the praise of the gods. If it were just a +2 magical wooden staff, it would not be particularly noteworthy. The staff can be kept in a treasure room along with many other treasures, such as dragon scales and the Eternal Ring.
Here is the translation of the text:

The staff can be used with a swift action to consume a single spell slot. In the next round, all melee attacks made with this staff will deal double damage, and if a critical hit is scored, the damage will be triple.

This is of crucial importance for melee output.

After this, Zhao Xu hurriedly bid farewell to everyone, shouldered the bronze box, and returned to his tent.

As a result of this incident, the refugee group will no longer dare to let people venture out to their deaths.

"Commander, have you recognized this wooden rod?" Vivian asked.

Zhao Xu nodded slightly and began to reveal everything he knew.

However, Vivian listened attentively and then smiled mysteriously, saying, "Commander, do you know?"

"What?" Zhao Xu replied.

"This staff of power, there are two versions in the world."

"What do you mean?" Zhao Xu asked.

"Although the staff of power is rare, some mages have successfully created others. Most of these versions are made of wood and resemble clubs."

"Only a few are made of wood and resemble rods. They have the same power as those made of wood, but differ in shape."

Wooden rods and clubs are rare weapons wielded by few mages. They are simple weapons that have not yet reached the level of military weapons.

The wooden rod is often used with one hand, while the wooden club is used with both hands.

Zhao Xu raised an eyebrow slightly, asking, "Different makers?"

"Team leader, your reaction is really fast," Vivian continued. "The ones made of wood, all of them were created by our lord because he likes wooden rods, not clubs."
Here is the translation of the text to English:

At this time, Zhao Xu stared at the wooden rod in his hand, his eyes filled with incredulity. It seemed that Ernest had not only created several "Power Symbols" but had no idea why one of them had ended up outside. Over the years, the rod must have changed hands many times until it finally entered a copper box in a cocoon of a mutated scorpion. It was impossible to imagine that it would eventually end up in his own hands again.

"Vivian, I think we need to go take a look at that cocoon," Zhao Xu said firmly.

In a mysterious cocoon, a treasure box containing Ernest's power symbol was hidden, which was beyond his expectations.

"It's true, that cocoon is worth exploring," said Vivian.

In theory, monsters held magical items that matched their identities. Those who possessed items beyond their level would be squeezed out by stronger adventurers.

A level 11 mutated scorpion might not be noticed, but combined with a treasure trove, even a 15-level adventurer would be tempted. The mutated scorpion even had abilities that didn't exist in its species, similar to a "random door" ability, which sparked Zhao Xu's curiosity.

Luckily, the mutated scorpion couldn't open the treasure box to take out the wooden rod and show off, or it would not have survived to become a super-giant insect.

"However, the old man said that the adventurers who stole the treasure box were a self-contained team, and they went out to stroll two hours ago. Outsiders had no idea where they were at the time... "

Vivian stopped talking without finishing her sentence.
Here is the translation of the text:

After they killed the giant variant scorpion that swallowed adventurers, they found that its digestive ability was too strong. When they opened the scorpion's body, all that was left inside was a skeleton. The dead person explained that this spell was useless.

"No, Viola," Zhao Xu lightly pointed to the copper treasure box in the corner.

This treasure box took up too much space, and it was hard to put it in his bag with extra space. However, Zhao Xu still stubbornly brought it back.

"With this treasure box, we can use the item positioning spell to sense similar items."

Now that Zhao Xu has reached level 12 as a spellcaster, the range of this spell is a circular area with a radius of 300 meters centered on himself.

The adventurers walked for two hours, and even though they didn't have time to explore, they walked for an hour at night and only went a few kilometers.

Using this "item positioning spell" three to four times, they could search for the target in the direction indicated by the old man.

However, considering that the giant variant scorpions are a threat, few people dare to go near the nest.

Even those who want to get their hands on the treasure of the nest are reluctant to go due to the scorpions' threat. Because the adventurers brought disaster back, they are also afraid to leave and look for treasure.

So, in the process of searching for the nest, they are unlikely to encounter interference from others.

Therefore, they only need to consider the giant variant scorpions.

Viola looked at Zhao Xu's smiling face and immediately understood his intention.

"Master, it's unlikely that there will be only a few giant variant scorpions if we can afford to maintain a nest for one," she said, worried about Zhao Xu's spellcasting endurance.

Arthur's monster won't come to send someone to die.
Here is the translation of the text:

"So even if Zhao Xu uses fireballs to wash the land, the effect is still mediocre. It's the various, endless, and endless types of mutated scorpions pouring out from the nest that are their biggest headache.

"Vivi, wizards can also fight prolonged battles, you know," Zhao Xu said with a smile.

Instantly, Zhao Xu deployed this three-ring spell that could only last for over ten minutes, which could immunize against attribute damage and was perfect for combining with the upcoming super magic control ability.

[Aventurer Zhongxia, you cast the two-ring spell, 'Sword Cloud' (spell duration), lasting 24 hours (originally 12 turns).]

[Each turn, the spell can release one sword attack freely, range: 9 meters, attack power: 20 levels (caster level + intelligence adjustment), damage: 5-11 (1D6 + level/3)]

With a sword aura wrapped around him like a mist, Zhao Xu gazed straight at the wooden stick in his hand.

In the past, he, with the help of the Heavenly God's servant, directly held a giant scythe and slaughtered enemies left and right, cutting them down like cutting vegetables in a deserted place.

At that time, he had nine-ring divine magic.

Now, he relied on the few magic slots he had left to stack up and become the closest melee powerhouse in the current player group.

Each level of warrior has a need to increase their attack power, and generally, a few-level warrior has a few-tier basic attack power.

However, Zhao Xu, due to being a wizard, has only managed to muster a 3-tier combat awareness at the age of 6, which is still a result of his past life as a 5-level warrior, so he doesn't need to waste time training in melee combat. Otherwise, other wizards, even if they don't like melee combat, will still accept basic physical battle training, which is much lower than that of warriors."
When reaching level 20, warriors, barbarians, paladins, and rangers who focus on physical output are all at the peak of their 20-level basic attack power. In contrast, secondary output classes such as bards, priests, rogues, druids, and monks are around level 15. As for mages and sorcerers, the two majors, they are only at level 10. Compared to ordinary warriors, they are quite weak, but compared to their peers, they are much weaker without magical buffs.

Zhou Xu looked at his character card, which showed his attack power. His occupation was three levels, blessings three levels, swiftness one level, and a +2 strength amulet. In total, he had nine levels.

However, when Zhou Xu created his account, he didn't know that mages could also deal physical damage. He chose a support job, reducing his attack by two levels. Moreover, his eight points of strength not only didn't increase his attack, but also reduced it by one level due to his low vitality.

In reality, his actual attack power was only at level six.

Fortunately, his profession abilities and spell slots were not mediocre. With various resources piled up, Zhou Xu also possessed the ability to change his fate.

He wouldn't have the confidence to go to that nest without a way to break through the defense?