
Chapter 407: Mysterious Labyrinth

On the forum.

After a day of fermentation.

Last night, player Bei Guo witnessed Zhao Xu's near-fight output as a mage and immediately posted two threads:

【Explosive! I personally witnessed an NPC mage one-hit a giant mutated scorpion.】
【I've deleted my warrior account and am preparing to use a mage to prove my strength.】

Originally, there wasn't much commotion, and many players thought it was just a fabrication. However, as more players joined in, the posts were soon flooded with responses.

Meanwhile, players who had escaped from the town hall reported that they had witnessed a powerful mage directly paralyze a "super giant mutated scorpion" and a "super giant mutated spider". The thread also asked what kind of powerful magic this was.

The sensitive keyword "mutated scorpion" suddenly linked together a series of events, and players began to verify each other's claims.

After a day of fermentation, Bei Guo's post finally became a hot topic in the evening.

However, players' positions in the game are generally low, and there are many examples of people lying for personal gain.

To shift the speculation on the forum back to the game, the town hall officials need to accept that the mysterious perpetrator is indeed a mage.

Unless Bei Guo personally comes forward to confess and provide evidence, it will be difficult to change the situation in less than a fortnight.

However, at this moment, player Bei Guo has already deleted his account and is currently studying at a mage academy.
Translation:

In the team of escapees, a man and a woman killed giant mutated scorpions and giant mutated spiders, and this information caught the attention of the official authorities in the domain.

As the hot topic appeared on the forum, players began to post related threads, such as:

"Spring for Melee Mages!"
"Why did the first player, Xingkong, wave his giant scythe? It turns out that the ultimate goal of the spell is melee combat!"
"I've set up an 18-strength mage account, and the brutal mage is coming!"

However, all of this was brought to an end by another post:

"I've been vaporized by a meteor!"

As the team approached the dawn, Zhao Xu began to feel the intense heat of the thick smoke.

At first, they didn't feel the effects of the smoke when they were flying in the air. However, after landing on the ground, Zhao Xu realized that the smoke was restricting their visibility and forward speed.

It was clear that most adventurers would be affected by the smoke for a short period of time, unless they could fly like they did in the air.

However, Zhao Xu didn't feel relieved because he was still a bit troubled.

Luckily, he had prepared an extra layer of "Dragon Skin" before coming today.

On one hand, it gave him a 5-level natural defense bonus. On the other hand, it gave him 20 points of fire resistance.

This meant that he could absorb 20 points of fire damage from each attack.

This was Zhao Xu's most life-saving ability in this barren wasteland where meteors had fallen.

With 20 points of fire resistance, Zhao Xu could withstand even if players could break through level 5 and release fireball spells.
Here is the translation of the text:

The flames that last from 5 to 30 points can be withstood with a high probability by him. If he can successfully dodge most of the flame damage by reflecting it, it would be a complete avoidance. Others may have taken a long time to reach this level, but Zhao Xu has already reached it. This is the gap between him and the current player.

It's not a matter of just a few sentences to describe it. Zhao Xu felt that the smoke was getting thicker and thicker as he descended, and even his breathing process could sense the fiery sensation as if the flames were burning his throat.

"Can you take it?" Zhao Xu communicated with Viola through mental telepathy.

Compared to his own 20-point fire resistance, Viola, who possessed a mere 10-point resistance due to her demonic heritage, was actually quite resilient. If she were a devil with fire immunity, she could jump around on that scorched asteroid pit without any issues.

"It's fine, it's not a big deal. Actually, some parts of the underworld are even worse than this, and I've been there too," Viola explained.

Having experienced the extremely harsh environment of the underworld, she was not the pampered princess type and had no discomfort whatsoever in these scorching environments.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu, who had descended to an unknown depth, felt the approaching waves of heat.

The massive falling object, like a flattened mountain, crashed into the asteroid pit.

The bottom of the sacred building, attached to the rolling magma, emitted a wave of heat that directly hit Zhao Xu's face.

If it weren't for his 20-point fire resistance, his life would have already slipped away like water. Indeed, there has never been a completely lucky person in the world.
To make a big deal, one's own foundation is the fundamental requirement for survival at the beginning. Although thick smoke is enveloping his nose and infiltrating his nostrils, Viivi as a saint warrior still charges forward, trying to observe the situation. "It seems there's a small opening," Viivi says, relying on her own powerful detective abilities.

After hearing this, Zhao Xu decides to fly directly to the location. "What's strange," he says. Although the mysterious building itself is not small in size, it appears relatively insignificant compared to the crater-like impact site that is about one to two kilometers in diameter. This makes Zhao Xu cautious.

According to his impression, there were hundreds of adventurers who rushed to the site in the past, willing to risk their lives to enter the mysterious building. This building looks small compared to that. As for the civilians who survived the blast within a 50-kilometer radius, escaping this place is what they want.

"Let's try divination," Viivi suggests.

"It's okay, I'll take a closer look first," Zhao Xu reassures, flying closer to the strange-shaped door while simultaneously pulling out a spoon to scrape off some of the cooled-down molten lava on the door.

However, just as Zhao Xu's spoon touches the mysterious door, a mysterious and powerful attractive force suddenly drags him in, pulling him in like a whirlpool and making it impossible for him to escape.
Here is the translation:

In an instant, Vivian shielded Zhao Xu from the blast, and simultaneously, she threw herself onto him, disappearing along with him into the thick smoke.

...

When Zhao Xu and Vivian regained their vision, they found themselves in a six-sided space compressed by a force field.

"Maze technique?" Vivian asked, unable to help but speculate.

"Probably not just that," Zhao Xu said, taking a deep breath.

Maze technique was a mysterious space that could trap anyone, and only those who could pass the intellectual test could escape it, similar to navigating a maze.

That was why this technique was called "Maze technique".

Zhao Xu's "Passage Wand" and Vivian's own abilities both possessed a higher-level teleportation technique.

Unfortunately, the Maze technique was an independent dimension, equivalent to a separate realm, just like the half-dimension of the past.

As a result, the higher-level teleportation technique could not break through it.

"That means that all adventurers who reach here will be sucked into this Maze technique and trapped inside," Zhao Xu analyzed.

This was also a flaw of human dimensional travel.

At that time, information was completely unavailable and could only be passed down through word of mouth.

Otherwise, Zhao Xu would have known the inner workings of this building long ago and would not be as passive as he was now.

"Well, let's break through it," Zhao Xu said.

Unfortunately, Zhao Xu, with his 28 intelligence, was considered the top intellect among players.

If he could not break through the Maze technique, no one in the player community could break through it.

In fact, very few people in the Northern Alliance could break through it.