
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 409: Divination

As Zhao Xu approached the front wall, he verified his initial judgment that it was a non-transparent force field wall. The six-sided force field wall that had been combined and bound together was restraining them. If it were a normal stone wall or iron wall, Zhao Xu could have used his "Passage Rod" and "Position Gate" to break through. Even Arthur was not particularly magical or supernatural, and he could not pass through the wall. Sometimes, breaking the wall was a way to go. Zhao Xu could even give Viola an enhancement spell to increase her strength, allowing her to perform a "One-Sword-Slices-the-Mountain" technique.

Zhao Xu lightly touched the "wall" with his hand. Suddenly, the scene in front of him began to change, and a labyrinthine path appeared, with many curved and winding turns. His consciousness seemed to have transformed into a fish swimming in the labyrinth, requiring him to navigate through the giant and complex maze.

But how did he end up back in the maze?

The Maze Art is not just a simple maze, but the puzzle has become a maze. It seemed to reveal some mysterious truth.

Zhao Xu immediately released his hand, and the vast maze scene in front of him turned into a cold and rigid force field wall. Seeing Zhao Xu's thoughtful expression, Viola also tried it and immediately released her hand.

"I once tried the Maze Art, which is a rather mediocre technique. If you're stuck for more than 10 minutes, even if you can't solve the puzzle, you'll come out of the Maze Art," Viola said.

As Zhao Xu recalled the scene of him simulating the Maze Art in the final scroll space, he analyzed it. This technique is essentially a "Teleportation Art."
Here is the translation of the text:

The only advantage of this unique spell is that it can confine other hard-to-find alternate dimensions without the need for exemption. In essence, this eight-ring spell is used to sever the enemy's war effort.

Right now, they're not too good at it. "I'm afraid I won't be able to do it," Vivian said with a furrowed brow.

The fixed intelligence puzzle of the labyrinthic art has a difficulty level of around 20 levels. Just now, Zhao Xu took one look and predicted that his intelligence would adjust by +9, and the probability of success was at least 45%.

As for Vivian, with her 16 intelligence and +3 intelligence adjustment, the success probability was only 20%.

No one knows what kind of serious consequences will occur if they try multiple times in this environment.

At this moment, Vivian also felt for the first time that her 16-point intelligence as a demon, in a special environment, would also have a day when it wouldn't work.

"That will make you cast 'Fox-like Cunning'?" Vivian asked.

Within the second ring, there are a series of attribute enhancement spells that can increase 4 points of attribute enhancement, lasting for a minute-level duration. "Fox-like Cunning" can indeed be applied to all related intelligence attribute checks, such as skills.

However, it cannot be sustained for more than 24 hours and will not grant additional spell slots.

It was only after Zhao Xu wore the intelligence headgear for more than 24 hours that he increased his spell slots.

Vivian's 4-point intelligence boost was also sufficient for her current situation.

However, Zhao Xu just shook his head and said, "Don't use it, just transform instead."

Transformation is a four-ring spell that even Zhao Xu couldn't cast.
But it is one of the spell-like abilities that Vivian, a succubus, can freely use, and it is a special version. She can only transform into human-like creatures, but there is no time limit. After listening, Vivian hesitated for a moment, "President, the polymorph spell of the Fourth Ring cannot obtain 'special abilities'." She had already realized it. The legendary monster, "Minotaur," because of its race, has the 'innate cunning' special ability, making them immune to the effects of the maze spell and not being trapped by any maze. It's like a guaranteed passage through this test. But even if she can transform into a Minotaur, she will not have the immunity to the maze spell. Special abilities have always been difficult for polymorphs to obtain. "What are you thinking?" Zhao Xu smiled, "And you can only transform into 'human-like creatures,' 'Minotaurs' are humanoid monsters, you can't transform into them." "But you can transform into a micro size and stay in my pocket." Micro size, there are also mini, small, and tiny levels above it, generally the size of insects. Immediately, Vivian followed Zhao Xu's advice and continuously shrank in place, finally drilling into his pocket. Then Zhao Xu connected to the "maze test." As he manipulated the floating marker in his mind to the destination, he found a magical shortcut in the winding and twisting huge maze. Suddenly, his consciousness returned to himself, and at the same time, the walls of the hexagonal maze around him began to collapse. "What is this?" Vivian, at this moment, had already returned to her original form as a young girl. She looked puzzled at the stone tablet in front of her, which was about the height of a person and made of a material similar to marble. In the center of the tablet were six sunken keyholes.
Here is the translation of the text:

As they looked up, they saw twelve stone-carved giant doors in the spacious and dark square. Were these twelve keys combined to activate the stone monument? Or were the six doors with keys and the other six without keys? When Zhao Xu saw this scene, his brain suddenly cleared up some foggy memories. He recalled that during a reunion with an old friend many years ago, the friend had mentioned something similar. The friend had also mentioned that a friend of his had entered this sacred building five years after a massive explosion. At that time, they were drinking Arthur's low-fermented beer and laughing loudly until they were drunk. His friend mentioned a key term - "breakthrough"? Perhaps, it meant that everyone who entered this mysterious building was undergoing a breakthrough. In the end, it would be a competition to see who could successfully break through to the end and obtain the "sacred essence". Although Zhao Xu didn't know what the sacred essence was, he could judge from the level that it was at least a divine artifact. He already possessed the powers of Loki and the Grim Reaper, and who wouldn't want more? Whether it was the hint from the May Lady or the powerful and massive explosion, Zhao Xu felt a sense of shock and awe. He even suspected that the mastermind behind the scene might have the ability to really affect the mysterious giant building. "Will you read the rest of the words?" Suddenly, Vi Vi An said, walking to the back of the stone monument to observe. At this moment, she had already summoned her shield to hover in front of her, holding her long sword in both hands. Zhao Xu's figure flashed, and he flew to the other side in an instant.
Here is the translation of the text:

As soon as he looked at the stele, he saw that the common language on it was a name "Aizhuo's Palace". This name made Zhao Xu think deeply.

Is Aizhuo's Palace the name of this building?

Zhao Xu immediately searched for information on mysterious skills, local customs, and history, but all the feedback was a failure.

This unusual situation made him even more vigilant.

"What's next, Will?" Viola asked.

"Don't rush," Zhao Xu said calmly.

"Viola, do a transmission test first," Zhao Xu said.

At this moment, Viola casually used her own advanced transmission technique "Higher Transmission", and her face changed immediately: "Commander, this is a void outside."

"Unexpectedly, this is not Arthur," Zhao Xu frowned and analyzed.

From the beginning, they were mysteriously involved, not formally entering, and he had some doubts.

Now Viola has received the result, but it's not a prohibition on transmission.

After careful consideration, Zhao Xu said, "Viola, use your detection of evil ability to scan the surroundings first."

As a Saint Warrior at level 1, they will obtain a corresponding divine light, such as Viola, who is radiating a "Benevolent Light" representing the faith of the deity camp.

At the same time, they will obtain the ability to detect evil, similar to the spell of the same name.

Viola immediately used the detection of evil ability under Zhao Xu's instruction, using a fan-shaped detection area with a range of five meters, surrounding the circular plaza.

As for Zhao Xu, he silently drew a small divination rod.

After placing incense under the stele and lighting it, he immediately wrote a faint, mysterious pattern in the air.
As the chanting of the spell finished, the 25 gold coin incense suddenly accelerated its burning as if a fan was blowing on it. In just a few seconds, the entire incense burned to ashes, and the remaining firelight directly coalesced into a phosphorescent green light, slowly beginning to dance.

Divination can briefly predict the consequences of his actions within half an hour. And the response rate of the spell is at least seventy percent, with an additional one percent for each level of the caster, so he has a probability of over eighty percent.

Zhao Xu immediately asked, "Can I find the key by entering this door?" Pointing to the door at 12 o'clock in front, with a frame carved in the shape of a strange ancient tree.

Without any pause, the green light began to form a mysterious text. "Ominous."

Bad result.

Zhao Xu stubbornly took out the incense again, and after performing the spell again, pointed to another door and asked, "What will be the consequence if I enter this door?"

Immediately, the phosphorescent light changed again into the character "auspicious."

At this point, Zhao Xu's gaze turned to the large door with the threshold carved with a coffin, and he smiled slightly. It seems that the "auspicious" indicates the location of the "key." And the "ominous" does not.

Indeed, divination spells are still somewhat useful.