
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 429: Desperate Situation

Zhao Xu had just taken a punch from the mainstay of the four elements. Generally speaking, those who took a punch from the mainstay of the four elements would die. However, those who could withstand three punches from the mainstay could also withstand the fierce punch from the fourth mainstay. At this moment, the four mainstays realized that this mage was a bit off.

Low-level mages often cast the "Nine-Ring Spell" without hesitation, and the four mainstays were not surprised to see this. However, the opponent could calmly withstand their four-way attack, which was unprecedented. Defensive ability could not be improved to this extent.

Most mages would focus on avoiding being hit and use spatial distance to ensure absolute defensive depth. For mages, not being hit was the true defense.

At this moment, the two other demons also charged towards Zhao Xu, surrounding and tearing at the four mainstays. Lark's strategy was simple: use two single demons with extremely strong combat power to counter the mainstay of the four elements. Initially, the mainstay of the four elements would choose to combine, and later, they would choose to separate and attack Zhao Xu one by one, mostly for this reason.

After collecting static physical attack data, Zhao Xu had almost completed his incantation and suddenly released a spell towards the four mainstays. "Higher Arcane Fusion (Eight Rings)".

Instantly, this mage spell pulled out two other spells not higher than four rings and seven rings, compressing the two spells into one spell and releasing it in a flash of time.

"'Justice Hammer (Three Rings of Sanctity)!"
Here is the translation of the text:

"The extremely effective hellfire (boosted to level 7) suddenly slapped a force energy hammer at the earth element main who was being pulled forward by the force. However, this spell that can be continuously upgraded without a damage cap, surprisingly landed lightly on the hard rocky surface and then dissipated without a trace.

【Adventurer Zhongxia, you successfully cast "Justice Hammer" on the earth element main.】

Meanwhile, the hellfire spell erupted wildly around Zhao Xu, covering the three large element mains who had just attacked him. As the shockwave dissipated, it seemed that they had only suffered a slight injury, although they were slightly injured.

【Adventurer Zhongxia, you cast the extremely effective "Hellfire" on the X element main, dealing 30 points of damage (5D6).】

This means that the spell successfully inflicted fatal damage on the three large element mains. Hellfire, a spell from the depths of hell, is an unparalleled spell that ignores immunity and resistance. Even fire-resistant fire elementals were affected by the blast.

However, the 30 points of damage is somewhat pitiful for these creatures with thousands of life points. This is also a limitation of the hellfire spell, which is that the damage is too low, even when amplified. Even when amplified to its extreme effectiveness, the damage is still too low.

"Rakshas, is this transformed artifact watered down?"
Zhao Xu was satisfied with the verification of the "Hellfire" spell, but he couldn't help but complain about the "Iron Fist" spell that nullified the magic resistance. The caster level of the ultimate artifact was surprisingly 20.

According to the data he had searched, the magic resistance of the four elemental lords was at least 42 points or more. The 20-level caster level was nowhere near breaking through 40 points of magic resistance, let alone the four elemental lords.

At this moment, he and Larkss exchanged thoughts in a tight time frame, with their minds colliding like sparks, producing a thought exchange.

"Master, even if I transform into a god, I won't be able to exceed the limits of the artifact," Larkss explained.

"That 20-level caster level is too exaggerated," Zhao Xu retorted, himself having stacked his caster level to far exceed 20.

"This master, the manufacturing of magical items is usually based on the true caster level, not just temporarily stacked up. Initially, Ernest created the ultimate artifact at around level 30, and I simulated a 20-level ability, which is already quite impressive," Larkss smiled.

"Moreover, mages are supposed to be strong in the face of impossibility," Larkss added.

Zhao Xu remained silent in response.

He had previously used the "Deep Infernal Refining" spell and the "Reduce Magic Resistance" spell to weaken the opponent's magic resistance, so high magic resistance was not a problem.

However, there were four elemental lords in the current location, each with a minimum of two attacks, which meant he had to waste eight spells to reduce the elemental lords' magic resistance to a controllable level.

Zhao Xu could only sigh and think about whether there were any other options.
Here is the translation of the text:

Just then, the elemental wind suddenly began to transform, taking the form of a whirlwind and hurtling towards Zhao Xu with great force.

In an instant, the whirlwind, measuring three to four meters in width at the base and over ten meters in width at the top, and reaching heights of over twenty meters, directly blew Zhao Xu away.

Zhao Xu tried to break free, but the abilities of the master of the four elements, which required a difficulty level of over sixty, were far beyond what he could currently accomplish.

[Adventurer, you are affected by the whirlwind ability and take 20 points of damage (4D8).]

As Zhao Xu was caught in the whirlwind, he felt the massive damage caused by the wind's slicing force, and his robe was torn to shreds, revealing multiple sharp wounds.

At this moment, Zhao Xu felt that something was off.

Although he had already used the fake life technique, he could naturally withstand the 20 points of damage caused by the whirlwind.

The problem was that he was now like a toy being tumbled around in a washing machine, constantly tossed about by various whirlpools and unable to find a moment's peace.

His entire body was in a state of constant upheaval, even affecting his ability to think.

"Master, from now on, every round, you'll need to perform an evasion maneuver. If you fail, you'll take the same damage again," Larkss said, noticing Zhao Xu's predicament.

Zhao Xu, meanwhile, was frantically waving his limbs about, like someone drowning, trying to maintain his balance.

After several failures, he gritted his teeth and began to forcefully cast his spell.

As a mage, one must solve problems according to the methods of a mage.

[Adventurer, your reflexes failed, and your spellcasting failed.]

As the spell dissipated from his mind, Zhao Xu felt a sense of despair.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

Zhao Xu's spell didn't take effect as expected, and instead, he lost a prepared spell slot. He had to maintain his balance in order to cast a spell amidst the whirlwind vortex. This was not a joke for him, as even non-action spells could be affected by the fierce winds. Zhao Xu didn't have the reflexes of a 40-50th tier character, making it impossible for him to maintain his balance in the 60th tier whirlwind.

Without casting a spell, he couldn't escape the massive whirlwind's grasp. Even if he managed to dodge the wind blades, he would lose dozens of points of life. With his life value added, he couldn't withstand the third round of wind blade damage.

The situation had become a dead end.

Meanwhile, the two large elemental creatures that could aid Zhao Xu were currently entangled by other elemental lords. Zhao Xu, who had lost his spellcasting ability, had failed to set up a spell that could instantly increase his avoidance value.

With the urgent situation, he couldn't afford to hesitate.

The sound of death's footsteps echoed in Zhao Xu's ears for the first time. "Do you have anything related to the elements on your body? I'll take a look and see if I can activate some kind of communication," Lakshmi suggested, noticing his predicament.

Zhao Xu's mind flashed with inspiration.

He directly reached into his backpack.

However, it wasn't the initial copper treasure box that he pulled out, but rather his "Summer Solstice Spell Notebook".

Suddenly, a strange phenomenon emerged.