
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 431: Anni's Dowry

166 kilometers, even if there were no air resistance on the surface of the Earth, it would still take three minutes to cover this distance by jumping from a high altitude.

At this moment, Zhao Xu, who had transformed into a cloud-like gas, felt as if his entire body was disintegrating within the 6 seconds it took to accelerate to a speed of dozens of Gs.

If he hadn't transformed beforehand, he might have continued to accelerate and eventually become a brilliant fireball without leaving any ashes.

After completing the acceleration and deceleration, Zhao Xu looked back at the direction he had just escaped.

It was impossible to see the island, which was only 10 kilometers away, let alone 100 kilometers.

However, in this boundless, dark, and lightless void, a series of explosions began to erupt around the island's location, like dough rising.

In an instant, Zhao Xu's field of vision was overwhelmed by a blinding explosion of white light.

His eyes began to sting, and tears flowed out.

【Adventurer Xun, you have lost your sight and will remain in a state of blindness for 10 rounds.】

With his eyes closed, Zhao Xu lost his peripheral vision, but he could still see his character card and dynamic bar. He immediately noticed this hint.

"Is this the power of magic?" Lakshmi asked, moving away from Zhao Xu 100 kilometers.

"This scale of magical power exceeding the three-ring scale has not been corrected?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"With the steps of the gods combined with the magic, it's a Nine Ring Magic, much weaker than the power of the dimensional gate. It's because he has the special ability of 'Super Magical Control'.

Like a priest who specializes in divine magic and has a special talent for prolonged magic, he would have to spend 6 points to dispel. You know that 1 point of charm adjustment value is only 1 point of dispelling. Even relying on special means, a general priest can only maintain a few spells. After a while, Zhāo Xù immediately felt a massive explosion approaching him, mixed with the smell of sulfur and seaweed, a completely contradictory odor.

Zhāo Xù was blown away by the blast, along with Vi Vi, and only managed to stop by reversing his flight. 'This safety zone of over 50 kilometers is too terrifying.'

Zhāo Xù thought for a moment and pulled out two cotton balls and cloth to plug his ears, just looking at the explosion made him almost go blind. If he really listened to the explosion sound, he would probably go deaf on the spot.

Just as he was doing that, he suddenly heard a familiar voice in his ear, 'Fool.' Then, he felt a warm hand touch his wrist.

When Zhāo Xù regained his sight, he found himself back in the original hall. Familiar Anniya was standing in front of the stone pedestal, observing the keyhole on the pedestal. Unlike the demon key he inserted initially, the elemental key was also inserted.

"Teacher, you're here?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"You're saying that if I don't come, you'll die?" Anzhi Noya's voice remained as cold as ever. "Last time, we intruded upon a group of legendary undead creatures. This time, it's the fusion of the four elements after the Elemental Lords transformed. Do you know that the explosion at the center will deal over 10,000 points of damage?"

As she spoke, she couldn't help but turn her head and pinch Zhao Xu's face. "Are you saying that when I see you next, it will be on the battlefield of gods?"

As she turned to look at Zhao Xu, Viola, who was responsible for protecting him, couldn't help but glance away, whistling softly.

"Hey, teacher, I'm already twenty," Zhao Xu said hastily.

As a man over thirty years old in psychological age, but with a face that looked like he was under twenty, Zhao Xu felt embarrassed.

"I'm just coming back," Zhao Xu muttered to himself.

He noticed Anzhi Noya's expression, which had only just changed.

"You can try it in May, but you went ahead and tried it. You'll be sold out soon and won't even know it," Anzhi Noya said with a hint of annoyance.

After hearing Zhao Xu's words, he glanced at Viola, who had quietly stepped back 30 centimeters, with her head tilted to one side, looking like she was trying to distance herself from the situation.

What a traitor, Zhao Xu thought to himself.

"Teacher, is this key yours?" Zhao Xu asked.

Zhao Xu had been with Anzhi Noya for four months and knew her personality. He could always deflect the conversation by asking more questions.

"You think so? You're right, it's just that the tool is wrong. This key is hidden at the bottom of that island, and it's the only thing that won't be destroyed by the explosion," Anzhi Noya said.

"As for you, Zhong Xia, promise me that next time you won't take risks beyond your abilities, okay?" Anzhi Noya said suddenly, her tone serious.
Here is the translation of the text:

"You've really disappeared, and I have no idea where to find the fragments of your soul."

Zhao Xu also began to realize that this El'goroth Palace was not ordinary, even An Ti Noya felt it was troublesome.

"That teacher, is there any division?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but ask.

He now wore full equipment and had magical abilities, which would make him not even flinch against a 10-level adventurer.

Some ordinary challenges were suitable for other players, but he had already outgrown them.

Saving the world, he was not yet qualified, but some tasks to save the city from danger, he was more than enough.

"Idiot."
"You can assess your own gains to know."

"This is an absolutely unique legendary magical artifact, even stronger than ordinary divine artifacts. You're holding it in your hand, what do you think the next stage of the palace will be like?"

"Over the past two days, hundreds of people have entered this palace, except for the adventurers who stayed in the hall with the stone tablets, all those who entered the stone door to adventure have been completely wiped out. You can make it through two stages, that's a lucky break."

Zhao Xu finally took a deep breath.

This legendary artifact seemed to have made him a big profit, and he could even crush some ordinary divine artifacts.

"That teacher, what about these copper boxes of mine?"

It wasn't until Zhao Xu finished speaking that he suddenly remembered that when the four elemental explosions occurred, the symbol on the other person's body disappeared, and naturally, his treasure box was missing the last piece of the puzzle.

"This treasure box, let me tell you a long story," An Ti Noya suddenly looked melancholy at these copper treasure boxes.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Those were the gifts he had prepared for me to get married. However, he didn't want to show them off openly, so he turned them into a treasure chest. The magic items inside, such as the warrior's belt and the power wand, were hidden from view. The true treasure was the treasure chest itself."

"You've obtained those talismans, which are the real key to opening the treasure chest."

"That's how it is."

Ernest then opened the treasure chest, dividing it into true and fake treasures. He also created fake dowry.

"However, the difference between the 3,000 gold coins' warrior's belt and the 30,000 gold coins' power talisman wand is quite significant."

"That's what you think. In fact, these five apparent treasures also have a deeper meaning. The wand represents close-range combat, the belt represents defense, and the magical creature that emerged from the belt also represents defense."

Defense?

Zhao Xu couldn't help but gaze at his legendary magical statue, which had been specially designed with a hollow interior. He and his friend Vivian had just sat inside to control it.

The magical statue itself had high defense and magic resistance levels, which made it a good representative of defense.

However, the defense provided by the belt was not very reliable.

"Ha! You're the type who wouldn't even pick up a treasure even if you stumbled upon a mountain of them," Anniya laughed, "The warrior's belt can adjust your perception to enhance your defense ability. Since your perception attribute is low, you currently have a 2nd-level defense. It's better than nothing."

"However, the defense provided by perception is a completely new category, and it doesn't conflict with previous armor. Additionally, it won't be easily broken by enemies, just like a biased defense."

Zhao Xu suddenly woke up to a realization, "Five-ringed insight of the mystic arts?"

Anniya's implication was that he was now feeling that it was useless, but his perception was just too low.

"That's correct. You've also seen the key to this," Anniya said.
Here is the translation of the text:

The Insight of the Cave is a reinforced perception attribute spell that lasts for an hour, providing cumulative insight value. The attribute boost is equal to half the caster's level. For example, if the caster is level 80, the boost would be 40 perception, which can be directly converted to 20 levels of defense bonus.

Zhao Xu was looking down at the five treasure chests in his hand, with his staff, which could double the damage, having been used by him multiple times.

It seemed that the next three treasure chests would not be simple. The meaning of these treasure chests was even more extraordinary.

Just then, Zhao Xu turned back to his mentor and asked, "However, mentor, how did these treasure chests end up here?"

These treasure chests were a dowry given by Ernest to An Ti Nuo Ya, which explained why the first treasure chest contained Ernest's customized wooden version of the Power Scroll.

An Ti Nuo Ya crossed her waist and said, "I don't want anything from him, so I just threw it back."

"It never occurred to him to use these five treasure chests as a positioning device for the Temple of Aizhu. Once someone takes the treasure chest, the seal will naturally loosen, and the Temple of Aizhu will fall from the sky."

Zhao Xu nodded slightly after listening.

So, it seemed that these five treasure chests were placed in the cave from the beginning, but were later occupied by the mutated scorpion.

As for the evil ritual, it was possible that those who wanted to break the secrets of the treasure chests set it up, trying to use evil powers to infiltrate.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but gaze at An Ti Nuo Ya with sparkling eyes.

It's said that each of these five treasure chests is a powerful item comparable to a divine artifact.

An Ti Nuo Ya's family was wealthy, and it was not worth looking up to.
Here is the translation:

However, Zhao Xu was a poor bachelor, and a legendary magic statue crushed most of his previous magical equipment.

"Don't look at me," Anzhi Noya seemed to be unable to bear Zhao Xu's gaze, "I didn't even take a box, let alone a magical symbol, and I don't know why he left the magical symbol in the Palace of Aydor. "

"Moreover, the Palace of Aydor will be rebuilt soon."

"You're still worrying about how to deal with those who try to seize the divine artifact, aren't you?"

(Note: The text appears to be a passage from a fantasy novel or story, and the translation is done to the best of my abilities based on the context.)