
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 439, Level 7

Zhao Xu felt that An Ti Noya's "serious warning" was true, that she could really do something like that.

"Transmutation of all things" is a spell of eight rings, which can transform an object or living being into something else. The duration of this spell depends on the "similarity correlation" with the target living being.

Once this factor reaches "9", the duration becomes "eternal".

Zhao Xu didn't even need to think about it, and he could conclude that the correlation between "men" and "women" was at least 10.

This sense of crisis made him feel a slight chill from below.

Zhao Xu quickly diverted An Ti Noya's attention, "Teacher, can we find a secluded place?"

"No need, it's fine here," An Ti Noya said. "You're in the simulated space I created, and the duration won't exceed a few seconds, no matter how long you stay."

"What's going on with the time flow?" Zhao Xu asked.

An Ti Noya nodded lightly, "As you now know the truth, it's fine for you to realize that Arthur has inconsistencies in his time flow and Earth's spatial flow. However, you still need to be careful not to leak the information."

"Guaranteeing peace on Earth before crossing is the joint intention of the gods and the major powers of Arthur," An Ti Noya said.

Zhao Xu nodded seriously to indicate that he understood.

An Ti Noya's words were vague, but in reality, she meant that Arthur had a half-space with inconsistent time flow. Once a player enters it, he may discover that he spent 10 hours in the game, but only 1 hour in reality.
Here is the translation of the text:

This absurd sense of time disorientation is also one of the few vulnerabilities that players can currently exploit. However, most players do not have the means of "interdimensional transportation" at the moment, and even if they do have a half-face coordinate, they cannot visit without a portal. Similarly, Anshinyao's simulated space also follows this logic. Zhao Xu will feel the passage of time within it, but from the outside, it will appear as if time has stopped.

As a result, there is no risk of being discovered. "Shall we begin?" Anshinyao asked.

"Of course, what method do you use to read my memory?" he replied.

"I don't need one, I can just cast a legendary spell on you," Zhao Xu said.

Instantly, a mysterious array of purple and blue light appeared behind Anshinyao, emitting a refreshing and sweet fragrance, as if a girl had just bathed. The mysterious energy began to slowly climb up from Zhao Xu's feet, wrapping itself around his legs and eventually enveloping his entire body.

Zhao Xu suddenly felt his vision blur.

He felt as if he was sleeping in a deep and dark bedroom, and suddenly the curtains on both sides of the floor-to-ceiling window were pulled open.

A brilliant golden light flashed in, blinding him almost to the point where he couldn't open his eyes.

After a while, his vision returned.

Zhao Xu realized he was in a mysterious circular palace, surrounded by walls with multiple drawers locked and engraved with key words such as "Mother's Impression", "First Blood Battle", "Ink Castle and Painful Lady", "Initial Magic Learning", and "His Disappearance"...
Here is the translation of the text:

The contents of the drawer box vary greatly, and most of them are memories of someone's life that have been extracted and stored here.

As for the "final scroll" memory, Zhao Xu didn't need to search for it because it was right in front of him—

A heavy wooden door made of yellow rosewood, tightly fitted to the wall behind it, with ten iron bars embedded in it, looking like it would be hard to break even with a hammer.

Zhao Xu didn't take a step forward, but instead stood still.

In front of him, in the middle of the memory palace.

A small girl was standing there, crying, holding a worn-out stuffed animal, and wearing a dirty cotton jacket. The girl was crying nonstop, wiping her tear-stained eyes with her hand, making them even more tear-stained.

Zhao Xu walked up to her, bent down, and looked at the girl's childish face as if trying to distinguish the future outline of An Ni Yao's appearance.

"What's your name?" he asked.

"I... I don't have a name. The dragons came, and they spit out a lot of saliva. As a result, my mom died," the girl said, sniffling, "My mom told me to find my dad before she died, but I don't know how to get there..."

"Did she tell you the name of the place?" Zhao Xu asked softly.

"Ah, I think it's Moonlight Island," the girl sniffled, looking at Zhao Xu with a pitiful expression.

"Moonlight Island?"
After finishing the sentence, Zhao Xu felt a sense of sinking in his heart. Moonlight Island is said to be the gathering place of the ancient elf empire that was said to have been destroyed by Ernest, and after that, the elves were unable to form a powerful empire again, and eventually disintegrated into several factions. From then on, the entire elf species evolved into multiple variants.

The most famous among them is naturally the dark elves who, when fleeing, hid underground and eventually formed a new tribe, known as the "Darl".

As for where Moonlight Island is or even if it exists, it has been a hot topic in the floating city for a long time. However, no one has dared to go and ask the legendary wizard, Vilanzer, who is said to be the last heir of the ancient elf empire and one of the seven giants of the wizard's association, for proof.

Just as Zhao Xu was about to continue asking, he noticed that the little girl in front of him suddenly turned into a wisp of smoke and was sucked into a newly opened drawer. A virtual shadow lock was hung above it, and on the drawer Zhao Xu saw a line of characters that almost made him shout out loud.

It was inscribed with the words "First meeting with the teacher".

Zhao Xu suddenly felt that everything was like a TV drama, and that a shocking piece of history was hidden in it.

"Zhao Xu, do you really have a special love for girls?" Suddenly, Anzhiya's voice came from nowhere, urging Zhao Xu.

"I'm coming," Zhao Xu replied hastily.

At the same time, his gaze began to shift away from several drawers with private names such as "Summer Dream" and "Growth and Development".

It seemed that these were the reasons why Anzhiya didn't want him to take a closer look.

Zhao Xu didn't have too much curiosity about this aspect, as he still had a basic sense of morality.

Zhao Xu took a few steps and arrived in front of the thick, solid wooden door.
Here is the translation of the text:

After he took a deep breath, he clenched his fist with one hand and pressed the other hand gently on the wooden door. However, he found that the door was too flimsy and easily opened, even without him using much force. In an instant, he saw everything inside. There were countless mysterious talismans floating in the vast ocean-like space. They were like waves, constantly rolling out new talismans and secrets. At this moment, Zhao Xu's brain was flooded with 28 points of intelligence, and he experienced symptoms of mental exhaustion for the first time. His entire mental energy was drawn to these mysterious talismans, and he could no longer focus on other subtle changes in life.

Previously, Zhao Xu had recorded countless spells through a special channel without consuming any energy. Now, he was observing the mysteries of "magic" itself. Then, Zhao Xu walked into the space and closed the door.

On the forum:

【The meteorite fell into the crater in the forest last night, and the battle was too brutal.】
This post, written by a game battlefield reporter who had visited the scene, did not gain much attention and was quickly buried.

However, it attracted many readers who scrolled down the page to read more.
【What's going on?】
【There are bodies everywhere, and it's hard to imagine the intensity of the battle last night. You can't even begin to describe it.】
【Is that really the case?】
【You'll know when you go there. It's really brutal, with fireballs flying everywhere. Even the area-of-effect spells were used excessively, and the killing range was as wide as possible.】
Here is the translation:

In short, many adventurers who ventured into the area last night were actually just there to have some fun and make a splash, but due to their proximity to the danger zone being less than 100 meters, they suddenly vanished into thin air.

Is the artifact really that powerful?

No, according to the analysis of those strong players, there was no sign of the artifact at the scene.

Isn't that an exaggeration? Without the artifact, it's impossible to achieve such a feat. The game's balance for players is like that. Slowly but surely, the details of the battle and the gruesome state of the corpses, as well as the survivor accounts, began to emerge.

On the forum, some people started analyzing the situation and summarizing their findings in a post, saying that they highly suspect that the player "Zhong Xia" has a legendary staff that can manipulate the spirits of the dead, similar to the weapon that appeared during the previous demonic invasion event in Mistral.

Another post, "What's the truth about 'Zhong Xia' having obtained the artifact?" also gained prominence, with many users debating whether he did or didn't get the artifact, with about half of them saying he got it and half saying he didn't.

However, some keen-eyed forum users discovered that the majority of players who claimed not to have obtained the artifact were actually from big organizations that usually have access to inside information.

Within a day, the name "Zhong Xia" became the hottest topic on the forum, with countless posts speculating about him or the artifact.

At this point, Zhang Qi missed the battle and had to post a thread to make up for lost time, lamenting the intense pace of the game.

Suddenly, he noticed that his warrior key phrase had a new notification, and he quickly opened it.

Breaking news - the second 5th-level player will appear in a week, and the warrior's glory will be revealed!

In reality, everyone knows that there's still the 6th-level "Star Shadow" above.
Here is the translation of the text:

"So, the countless warriors and savage-type professions that upgrade quickly are all rushing to compete for the second place. Zhang Qi clenched his fists and let out a loud roar. However, he immediately fell into a state of numbness. At this moment, countless people saw the latest key words flashed on the forum - 7th level."