
Chapter 471: Moonless Night, Windy Night, Murderous Night

"Is it dangerous?" Zhao Xu asked back.

At this moment, just nearby, it was the time when people would normally huddle up due to the cold, but the "Flaming Lips" was still bustling with people coming and going, with lights and lanterns illuminating the street.

Even from a distance, it looked like a noble aristocrat's mansion with a deep entrance, which made it hard to imagine that it was actually a den of thieves.

The lamps on the wall cast flickering shadows on Zhao Xu's figure.

"It's even more dangerous than you imagined," Fuli said sternly. "You shouldn't have acknowledged yourself as 'Zhongxia' in front of so many guards."

When Zhao Xu looked at Fuli, who was wrapped in a thick, snow-white cloak that couldn't be seen through, he felt a sense of unease. If the city guards were to see her like this, they would definitely take her in for questioning on the spot.

But Fuli seemed to sense Zhao Xu's hesitation and continued, "I can get information from the guards that you're familiar with. Of course, tonight, the high-ranking officials of the alliance of Orlo City, various noble forces, and wealthy clans will all know this. Orlo people's mouths are not as sealed as you think."

As Zhao Xu remained silent, Fuli's expression turned up in surprise, and she snorted, "You're definitely thinking to yourself that you've revealed your identity as a member of the 'Starfall Town Mage Association' and obtained a protective charm from the association?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"You're too naive, Zhongxia," Flare almost stomped her foot, "The Mage Association is protecting the 'officially recognized association chairman', assassinating them would be a slap in the face to the association, so the high-ranking officials will definitely take action."

"But assassinating someone who hasn't even officially taken office, let alone publicly announced, is not that serious. The alliance has had an experience where the chairman was ambushed during the inauguration ceremony, but the local mages' association handled it themselves and didn't officially intervene."

"So today, you're arriving in Aurorville on a day off, missing the opportunity to publicly declare your identity. By the time you leave Freya's mansion tomorrow morning, countless assassins will have arrived."

Flare's tone grew more intense, "For them, the road to the association's branch might be the most vulnerable time for you in Aurorville, when you're most likely to be killed, and it's also the easiest time to strike, as long as they find a scapegoat."

After a deep breath, Flare sighed, "Ultimately, Zhongxia, you're still too weak, a seven-star player, even with five revival stones, you can't qualify to own a divine artifact."

"At least the evil organizations that aren't afraid of the Mage Association won't stop attacking you before you become a seven-star mage."

Zhao Xu was taken aback by Flare's insight, "Can a girl grow up so quickly in a 'politics' environment?"

It's worth noting that not long ago, he had easily tricked this naive girl and even obtained some secrets about the graveyard and notebook from her.
Here is the translation of the text:

Florelle seemed to read something from Zhao Xuyu's astonished expression, and without hesitation, she scolded, "I knew at the time that my father's core subordinate had someone who was also hiding a huge secret, so when I saw your disguise, I didn't think to be cautious, and besides, the residents of Avalon already had low inhibitions towards priests."

"Or, how could you think that a girl who grew up in a thief organization would be pure and innocent?" she said, her face also taking on a hint of sadness as she spoke.

Hearing this, Zhao Xuyu couldn't help but recall his past experiences with the other party.

According to his experience, the other party's walking posture didn't seem like someone with rich experience at all. His intuition was more like someone who was full of theory but lacked practical experience.

"What are you thinking of? I never thought that even players, let alone players who are rough around the edges, would be so naive. I just meant that I have calculated and grown up, so I can maintain my integrity in a turbid organization," Florelle said with a bad temper.

"No explanation is needed, this plain player doesn't care," Zhao Xuyu joked.

He had just guessed that this Florelle, with her title, would be able to think so much.

Florelle also raised an eyebrow, indeed, players didn't have the means to commit crimes, and they couldn't do bad things even if they wanted to.

"How can I say it, have you realized your difficult situation tomorrow?" Florelle said with a sense of triumph.

Zhao Xuyu looked at the other party's smile, and his mouth also twitched slightly.

He didn't know that Florelle was someone who would think he was her enemy, and yet she was so happy.

If Florelle hadn't taken care of him in her previous life, he would have had to educate the young girl in front of him like a teacher.

"That's why you want to trade with me?" Zhao Xuyu asked, his tone hesitant.

"No, not at all," Florelle replied.

"What do you want, an artifact?" Zhao Xuyu asked back.
Here is the translation of the text:

As the "President of the Small Town Association", this treasure was of little value to someone like Floria, who could ascend to heaven's gate. However, there was another thing that had been widely rumored - the "Sacred Breath" he had obtained.

No one could explain how a player could kill hundreds of people as if they were nothing. Even when many people testified that there was no unique aura at the scene.

"What am I thinking? Even when I, Floria, rummage through people's bags on the street, I have a bottom line of not stealing. The sacred tool is nothing to me. I'm just a girl who doesn't want to dominate the world, so what's the point of getting that thing?"

As Floria spoke, her face turned red with anger, as if she was angry at Zhao Xu for thinking of her as such an unbearable person.

"What kind of agreement are you proposing?" Zhao Xu asked.

"Kill people."

This time, Floria's tone was firm.

Her gaze pierced through Zhao Xu and shot towards the "Blazing Red Lips" building opposite, her eyes flashing with a killing intent.

"After the deed, I will invest all my resources and power to protect you. I'm sure that before my brother arrives, Orlov City doesn't look down on me much, but those who dare to offend me openly won't be many."

"According to your plan, you're probably planning to rely on the 'President' identity to avoid attention in Orlov City, right? Now that I'm here, I can definitely reduce your troubles and even let you stay in my mansion, which is one of the safest places in Orlov City, I guarantee."

Zhao Xu nodded, actually planning to publicly disclose his identity after the "Investigation Report" was published, which was just a few days away.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, gazing at the other person's hateful expression, he thought about how the other person had caused him trouble in Starfall Town, but Zhao Xiu had indeed relied on Freya's tiger skin to show off in the past.

It's not even because of Freya's reasons; it's possible that he had been staying in Starfall Town all along, and then, during the Black Dragon's attack, he directly passed away seven years earlier.

"You plan to kill someone?" Zhao Xiu looked at "Flame Red Lips", where it was as bright as a city that never sleeps, with lights shining brightly. He had just seen several high-ranking officials from Aurora City stumble out of the entrance, their clothes disheveled and their faces flushed from drinking.

"I want you to help me kill Kurolze," Freya said.

Zhao Xiu couldn't help but turn his head back to look at Freya. He had just arrived, but he had come in a previous life.

Who is Kurolze? Strictly speaking, he is the "Emperor" of the underground forces in Aurora City. A small-time smuggler who relied on his bravery and willingness to fight to make a living in the port, he eventually rose to the top of the underground forces as a "black market tycoon".

"I'll kill him for you, but tomorrow, the entire underground forces will be hunting me down, and this completely offsets the protection you provided," Zhao Xiu couldn't help but mutter.

"Didn't you hate human trafficking and participate in the Starfall Lake battle?" Freya asked.

"Or, you actually think that we, the people of Arthur, are just data in your imagination, just like those players," he said.

"I didn't think that way. It's mainly because this deal isn't profitable," Zhao Xiu said.

"That's fine. I can continue to add more," Freya said softly, as long as Zhao Xiu wasn't afraid. Even when she said the two words "add more", Zhao Xiu could sense the flirtatious look in her eyes, and he couldn't help but recite a few prayers to calm himself down.
Here is the translation of the text:

"After crossing over to the era of King Arthur, he indeed had some sort of daydream about Floria, that high-and-mighty young lady, just like a male's natural instinct, like solving a problem by oneself, just imagining it wouldn't be illegal.

He didn't really want to put it into practice, not even for a moment, as if this opportunity was right in front of him.

"'Tell me your story?' Zhao Xu couldn't help but sigh, 'Why, you'd rather burn yourself than go after revenge?'"