
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 477: The Sinful Treasure

When magic appears, many deliberately designed "tunnels" and "hidden rooms" will lose their significance without the support of defensive magic.

As long as you prepare a spell specifically targeting them, you can make them unable to escape.

However, the threshold of magic is not low, and wanting to maintain it forever is extremely costly.

Even the most powerful nobles may not be able to configure everything, let alone a secret room that needs to be used to escape and hide.

Zhao Xu relied on the "Detection" and "Biological Positioning" magic spells to directly pinpoint the location of the secret room laid out 100 meters underground.

Magic is, in itself, Arthur's dimensional strike method.

Slowly, Zhao Xu put away the two "Legendary Statues" and disappeared from this piece of land along with Floria.

"Hurry and stop them!"

The guards who had come to block the way looked at the two people and the statues that had disappeared, and finally gained the courage to come forward.

Without the "Four-Ring Dimensional Anchor" or the "Eight-Ring Dimensional Lock," they had no ability to stop the two people who could teleport.

Having the ability to teleport, it was like having an "Invincible Dodge" for those who couldn't cast spells.

"Look around, the arbitrary portal spell has a limited transmission distance and will not transmit too far," said a mage who had come to support, belonging to the association's department.

However, everyone in the scene, holding "torches" and "lanterns," searched every corner according to the mage's instructions, but no one found any sign of the two people's whereabouts.
Here is the translation of the text:

"This is weird!" The mage felt that everything in front of him was completely inconsistent with what he had in his mind.

"Master Dimma, the 'Elite Tactical Squad' from the Alliance has arrived to provide support, waiting for your orders," a cavalry commander slowly approached on his horse, looking at the mage with a request.

"You've taken too long. Even I, an association mage who received the 'urgent notice' after multiple layers of transmission, have arrived. How could the Alliance officials take so long?" Master Dimma asked sternly.

He was wearing a golden "robe" that shone brightly, even in the dim light of the night. The robe seemed to radiate a golden glow.

The cavalry commander who was being questioned was also thinking of speaking out, but he didn't think he could compare to the mage, who could summon people, equipment, and arrive in half an hour through years of training.

After considering the respect he had for the person in front of him, the cavalry commander asked, "Master Dimma, I'll hand over the small team outside to you and temporarily accept your command. I don't know where the two suspicious individuals just went. Can I go back and report first?"

Master Dimma shook his head, "They've been teleported away. What can I say?"

The cavalry commander tried to probe further, "Can't you use a spell to block the teleportation?"

Master Dimma grew annoyed, "Are you a mage or am I? Do you need to teach me? I didn't prepare for a battle today, so I didn't prepare a 'dimension anchor' spell, not to mention the opponent's level. Do you think I could hit the mark exactly?"

Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese characters, as per the request.
Here is the translation of the text:

The mage, Di Ma, looked at the other person with a foolish expression, as if he was thinking that the other person was about to cast a spell. He thought that the other person was a mage who was about to lose control of their magic.

Although he arrived when the two golems had already disappeared, he had already suspected something was amiss based on the desolate scene and the simple description of the guards. However, any speculation he had was driving him crazy and full of doubts.

"You, the player over there, come here for a moment," Di Ma said, looking around listlessly and pointing to a distant player who was lying on the ground, listening to the sounds of the earth.

"I?" the player asked, looking up in surprise at the NPC mage's question.

The player walked over and asked curiously, "How did you know I'm a player?"

Di Ma shook his head, "Your clothing style is very obvious, with all sorts of colorful accessories. You're an old hand who has experienced battle, and you wouldn't dare be so impolite to me."

"What did you hear when you were lying on the ground just now?" Di Ma asked.

The player shook his head, "There was no sign of anything."

Di Ma furrowed his brow, looking puzzled, and it was getting difficult.

"It seems like you're saying that the other party might be hiding underground?" the cavalry leader exclaimed, as if he had grasped a thread.

"What's the map of the underground tunnel?" Di Ma asked helplessly.

The cavalry leader shook his head, "We wouldn't leave a map of the underground tunnel here, especially not in this place where all sorts of big shots come and go. And besides, everything is burnt to a crisp now."
Here is the translation of the text:

"You know, there's no need to ask such a ridiculous question," said Dimma the wizard, scolding him on the spot.

The cavalry commander was stunned, thinking to himself, "Isn't he just a novice?"

Unbeknownst to Dimma, he seemed to understand the commander's intention, and he couldn't help but mock him, saying, "I'm just a wizard who has learned a limited number of spells and has prepared a few spells that can barely be used. I'm just an ordinary wizard, not a god."

"Don't treat me like a god," he continued. "Unless I have mastered all spells and can use them at will, we're just ordinary people who know a few more spells than you."

The cavalry commander, who had been eager to make a name for himself, quickly said, "Sir, I'll go get the external tactical team to search the underground area. We might find some clues."

However, Dimma had no authority to mobilize the strong tactical team.

Unbeknownst to the commander, Dimma looked at him with even greater disdain, saying, "You're also quite foolish. You think you'll get to the surface and obediently wait to die?"

At that moment, the player, Youyue, who was standing nearby, couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Wizard, is there really someone who has mastered all spells and can freely use any spell without restriction?"

"Ha ha,"

Dimma didn't mind this player, who was likely a top player. The other party could come and go with the cavalry commander in the event of an emergency, having gone through "testing" and was considered half an official of the city of El'goroth.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The first point, learning magic, doesn't require an explanation of the time cost. Even with millions of gold coins, it's not enough to cover the cost of copying materials and borrowing fees. Moreover, some magic spells belong to a level that you haven't reached, and you don't even have the qualifications to know their names."

"The second point, randomly casting magic, is putting the mage in what position? They have sacrificed 'comprehensive ability' and can only cast a limited number of spells in exchange for this ability. If you can cast magic at will, all mages on earth can line up to commit suicide."

"Is that really the case?" The player asked with a grudge that never subsided.

"Well, I've heard that the great God of Magic has the ability to cast magic at will, without being limited by spell slots."

As he spoke, Dima's eyes flashed with envy, and it was truly too beautiful.

"That's not what I asked," Midnight nodded.

The method by which one gains divine power is too exaggerated.

"...Uh? Who are you?" At this time, Kuroze, who was crouched in the corner of the secret room, couldn't help but rub his eyes in surprise, looking at the two mysterious figures who flashed in and out of sight.

"Are you?" Kuroze, who was crouched and had a frightened expression, couldn't help but burst out laughing.

This dark king, who dominated the underground forces of Orcus Castle, was now like a vagrant, with his luxurious robe already stained with dust and bearing several faded bloodstains.

"I knew it, I knew it. I told them you would take action, but they didn't believe me!" Kuroze's throat felt dry, "I should have done it back then..."
Here is the translation of the text:

The next moment, Kuroze's mouth was agape, as if speaking to the air, but no sound was transmitted. However, Freya turned her head back and noticed that Zhao Xu had just lightly touched the surface of the ring on his hand.

Apparently, Zhao Xu had just activated the "Silent Ring" on his hand, which had suppressed Kuroze's voice.

This was to prevent Kuroze from uttering some filthy language and insulting Freya's mother. If he were to say something disgusting, it would be too late to retaliate, and it would be a waste. Therefore, Zhao Xu had taken the initiative to anticipate this and prevent it from happening.

"Can I kill him?" Freya's hands were slightly trembling, as if a long-suppressed emotion was finally being released.

"Go ahead," Zhao Xu replied, waving his hand.

"Thank you," Freya said, and then directly drew her dagger and stabbed it at Kuroze's stomach.

Kuroze, who controlled the underground forces of Orcudo, although his skills had declined due to his addiction to wine and women, still retained some of his innate professional abilities.

Despite being injured after being crushed by the falling building, he still had a decent combat ability.

He aimed at Freya's hand movement, preparing to snatch the dagger from her hand.

As for his next target, it was the mage standing before him. Kuroze had pretended to be extremely weak just now, all for the sake of this unexpected moment.

"Long-range magic, extremely effective - Frosty Touch," Kuroze said, just as he raised his legs to try and kick Freya.

(Note: This translation is in Simplified Chinese, not Traditional Chinese.)
Here is the translation of the text:

He felt his legs stiffen and lost all sense of strength. The entire person fell to the ground and was unable to move. "Ah!"

Accompanied by Fleure's explosive shout, a dagger was directly inserted into Kuroze's chest, but it was found that it could not penetrate further.

"Is it the absorption of harm's stone skin technique or the defensive armor technique?"

Zhao Xu couldn't help but kneel down, just after he used the "remote transmission" ability he had just grasped, directly applying the "touch of frost" technique to Kuroze without touching him.

However, as a wanderer, Fleure, although not very skilled, still had a basic understanding of combat.

Surprisingly, even when Kuroze lost the ability to move, Fleure was unable to strike him with a single sword.

It meant that before they arrived, the person in front of them had already put on a lot of "techniques" for themselves.

It was unknown how many magical items had been used.

"I'll stab you a few more times, and I won't believe I won't pierce you," Fleure said, gritting her teeth.

However, Zhao Xu gently pressed the opponent's hand, "He doesn't seem to be tense at all, indicating that the technique on his body is anticipatory."
"It's best to let the mage handle the disassembly of defensive techniques. We'll do it on the road."

As soon as he said this, Kuroze finally turned pale.

He hastily opened his mouth, although unable to speak, he desperately tried to convey his lip language.

Zhao Xu barely managed to decipher a hint.

"I have a huge fortune buried away, and I want to exchange it for my life."