
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 483: Demon Ritual

As the first beam of sunlight from the winter dawn pierced through the window, it awakened the sleeping White Dragon, Serus, which had been dozing off. The dragon's frequent and rapid snores had kept everyone in the surrounding area awake the previous night.

This also made Zhao Xu feel uneasy about going out on an adventure, and he was determined to keep the dragon in a small, isolated room or have a custom-made silent spell prepared for it.

Unexpectedly, the owner of the house, Freyr, came to visit early in the morning, bringing breakfast with him. At this time, Zhao Xu had just finished preparing his magic, and Vivian and the White Dragon were also preparing for battle. According to Zhao Xu, anything could happen during their visit to the Wizard's Association today.

As Zhao Xu pointed out, players who went offline last night might have been attacked by nightfall after the news spread that he had arrived in Auror City.

"Mr. Zhongshu, I'm afraid our plans for today have changed," Freyr said with a troubled expression.

At this moment, he was wearing a dark orange fur coat to resist the cold wind, and in his hand was a cane, but Zhao Xu took a glance and found no magical signs on it.

As expected, Zhao Xu immediately asked, "What's going on?"

Freyr looked troubled and said, "It's because of the aftermath of the Red Lips' raid last night. Today, Auror City is almost in a state of martial law, and ordinary personnel are not allowed to go out. The city guards are searching for people with unknown identities everywhere."
Here is the translation of the text:

The high-level officials of the alliance were extremely tense about this incident, with the intensity even exceeding that of a typical attack event. It was comparable to the "Balroth's Blazing Demon Attack" that occurred 15 years ago.

The churches of several main gods in the city have sent bishops to investigate, and several top executives from the Mage Association have also arrived at the scene. Therefore, Mr. Zhongxia, as a top executive who needs to verify his identity, may need to go to the scene himself or stay at the branch for a few days until they return.

As Freyr spoke, he had a hint of expectation on his face as he looked at Zhoushu.

After all, the world would not be ridiculous enough to have no room for flexibility.

Logically, Zhoushu currently has two options. The first is to go to the Scarlet Lips and pay his respects, which would naturally be a bit awkward, as if he were going to block someone.

The second option is to go directly to the branch and stay there, just like when he visited the Winter City. He could use the identity of a mage from the association and stay at the Winter City's mage association's lodging. However, he had previously encountered the "Slaves of the Falling Star" incident, which forced him to give up on that plan.

As the four-ring mage and head of the local town, Zhoushu naturally has the confidence to stay at the branch and wait for the executives to return. This is also the most stable option. However, if he does so, Zhoushu would no longer have a reason to stay at Freyr's mansion, and he would lose a channel of communication, which is why Freyr's face was troubled.

However, Zhoushu had a special circumstance. If he had really planned to stay at the branch, he could have done so yesterday.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu, accompanied by a white dragon and a demon, does not want to create too much turmoil and attract excessive attention. After all, the legendary mage won't be pleased if he sees a demon's origin. For the city of Oru, it's even more unacceptable. The city of Oru, with its nine rings of magic, is a threat to him. He can't even think of reclaiming what he has lost.

Carrying ViViAn with him, even with his identity as the president of the association, it's likely to attract attention. Recently, Zhao Xu has been suspicious that the lady of May is testing him.

As for the "Fiery Red Lips" relic that he desecrated yesterday, it's almost as if the criminal suspect returned to the crime scene to gloat. The level of recklessness is extremely high.

Originally, he didn't have any suspicion, but he might be linked to a string of events. Once Lark's shield ability fails, Zhao Xu will have to face the legendary strong and the nine-ring mage.

As Zhao Xu was thinking about the benefits and losses, the white dragon Serus was chewing on the food served by the maid, tearing off a piece of roasted lamb and chewing it with satisfaction. He asked with his mouth full, "What kind of evil mark is this, so exaggerated?"

Frel, who had received the news, looked troubled. However, he didn't show any reaction to Zhao Xu, as if he didn't care at all.

After pausing for a moment, Frel looked at Zhao Xu with an awkward expression and said, "It's said, it's said... I can't guarantee the truth, Mr. Serus. It seems that the name of a certain demon lord appeared in the secret room of the underground power's leader who has passed away."
He spoke quietly, "I heard that the opponent has a hundred swords on him, similar to the ritual of the lord's followers to please him, which is relatively rare and only seen among some noble followers."
Here is the translation of the text:

In an instant, Zhao Xu's cup of tea paused slightly. "Is this role reversal?" White Dragon Serus muttered, "It should be that black-clad giant, Kuroze, who kills people and performs a ritual to appease the evil god. But now it's him who's the sacrifice."

Next to them, Vivian, who was a succubus herself, listened quietly to their conversation. However, even from behind her helmet, she could sense the sharp gaze.

Zhao Xu, on the other hand, let out a gentle sigh.

Although he had studied demonology and had some knowledge of the subject, his daily spare time was limited. He only knew about the most common ten or so types of rituals to appease the evil god, while there were over a hundred others he had only a vague impression of.

However, last night, under the pressure of time and the possibility of being searched by outsiders, Zhao Xu's execution was quite hasty.

He had indeed overlooked some details, failing to thoroughly examine various situations.

As he looked at the hot tea in his ceramic cup, despite the warm stove inside, the cold air still managed to seep in, slowly cooling the tea.

Fleur's "father," Tang De, was a certified follower of the evil god, Gratzte. Therefore, Zhao Xu had deliberately framed himself last night to draw the church's attention and borrow their power to suppress the alliance leader, Tang De.

However, the ritual Fleur was performing was actually another form of "ritual to appease the evil god," and Zhao Xu's mention of Gratzte's name had inadvertently directed this power towards the other side.
Here is the translation of the text:

When Zhao Xu was relying on the recovered Lark, he was fearless.

However, the current situation has become different.

Is that crude ritual Fu Lai's "unintentional loss" or "intentional act"?

If Fu Lai is innocent, and the ritual is revealed, will Zhao Xu attract Gratz's power and make the other party focus on Fu Lai?

Initially, Fu Lai was already separated from the world by a membrane due to Tang De's reason, and it was not impossible for her to become a sacrifice to Gratz, given her good health in her past life. Zhao Xu didn't worry much about it because Fu Lai was doing well in her past life. Now, if they connect through this ritual, Fu Lai will definitely be exposed to Gratz.

"However, Mr. Zhong Xia, don't worry, tonight's gathering will not be cancelled. The invitation has already been sent. Let's go together tonight." Freyr continued to show off his connections and influence to Zhao Xu.

After accepting the invitation and expressing gratitude, Zhao Xu politely declined and proposed that he needed a quiet environment for the next few hours to research and record magical techniques.

Freyr was not surprised by this common situation among mages and asked if he needed any recording materials before directly leaving.

Zhao Xu, on the other hand, instructed the two to remain vigilant and then went straight into the inner room to get a "traveling staff" he had bought from the black market in the Northern Alliance. He placed it in front of him.

It's time for him to see Fu Lai.

Both due to their friendship from their past life and to determine whether he had been deceived by the other party all along.
Here is the translation of the given text:

The "Higher Transmission Technique" stored in the staff allows Zhao Xu to unimpededly transmit himself to any location of Arthur's, as long as it is not a foreign world.

The only condition is that he must be familiar with that place.

The places in the central government are equipped with shielding measures at critical points, blocking the "exploration" methods of general spellcasters.

It's as if they are blocking the opponent's "familiarity" with the central government's "magical channel".

However, Zhao Xu had actually served as a stationed personnel in the central government in his past life.

In an instant, Zhao Xu began to meditate and recall the specific locations, while waving his staff and activating the transmission power.

The next moment, his silhouette reappeared.

"August!" a shocking voice echoed, carrying an unusual tone.