
Chapter 486 Intelligence of the Mages
"Isn't it said that Flei should have no suspicion?" Zhao Xu said.
No one can be sure about what might appear in a girl's room. In addition, Zhao Xu did not have that kind of hobby. If he rashly searched and found something strange, it would only make him feel embarrassed when he saw Flei in the future.
"That's true."
Antinoya said, "But just because she's fine doesn't mean Tangde hasn't set something up. Especially after hearing your story, I'm afraid her relationship with Tangde is not as loving and filial as the outside world thinks."
"Then let's go." Zhao Xu also nodded suddenly.
And Antinoya also took the opportunity to cast a "psychic barrier" spell on him.
[Adventurer Zhong Xia, you are affected by the "psychic barrier" spell, ignoring magic that affects perception, thoughts, or emotions, or similar devices, duration: 24 hours]
Seeing this message, he felt a little relieved in his heart.
This meant that from now on, he would block all magic and effects that affected the mind, and also cut off the detection of prophecy spells and effects.
In this situation, even if someone used the "area detection" spell, he would become as if he had disappeared.
Only the kind of "individual detection" targeted at him, just like when he used it to search for "Kuroze" before, would have the possibility of being discovered.
However, hearing Antinoya's words, Zhao Xu also sounded the alarm in his heart.
If he were an eighth-circle mage just now, he would definitely have cast a "psychic barrier" on himself without hesitation, and then teleported in.
This just happened to fall into the eyes of the demon lord Grazt, and once again became the prey.
It seems that in the future, he must be more cautious, for example, when teleporting, he should first teleport near the destination, and then plan carefully.
"When I just saw you, I thought you had cast the 'avoid detection' spell on yourself and boldly broke in. You really have a lot of courage," Antinoya commented.
"It was indeed risky."
Zhao Xu nodded, just now he had suspected the possibility of Frey being in danger and being a "demon follower."
Because he was worried that he had pushed the other party into the fire pit, he was also anxious and did not cast all the protective spells before opening the teleportation.
Otherwise, the "avoid detection" spell, although it cannot achieve immunity to detection, still needs to be countered with the level of the caster of the detection spell, but it is still a powerful tool for him to resist the entire "spell monitoring network" of the ruling mansion.
After Antinoya added a few more spells to Zhao Xu, they quietly left the underground watchtower.
Although there was a large-scale attack by the Flame Red Lips last night, the atmosphere in the ruling mansion was still calm, and the servants were still preparing for the "banquet" to be held later tonight.
As for the frequency of the guards' patrols, it was not much different from the time when Zhao Xu was in his previous life.
"Mentor, are we not choosing the 'illusory spirit' spell?"
At this time, Zhao Xu and Antinoya were walking along the brick path in the backyard of the ruling mansion, avoiding pedestrians and carrying out their covert actions.
When Zhao Xu was in the final scroll space, he had tested simulating a powerful mage from a certain period in history for revenge.
At that time, he sneaked into the castle, choosing to use the "illusory spirit" seven-ring spell, hiding his entire body in the spirit world. Although at the time his sight of the main material plane was blurry and his field of vision was limited, he would not even be "touched" compared to "invisibility". Entering any room would not be hindered. And now, covered with the strongest version of the nine-ring "ultimate invisibility", they would leave no trace on the road, and even "tremor perception" would not be able to capture them. But if a big net were to be put over their heads, they would still be noticed. "It's very simple," Antinoya explained, "because in the main material plane, I have greater freedom to cast spells." "True knowledge can see through the existence of the 'spirit world', so it has the same fatal flaw as invisibility. But now, even if I am discovered, so what?" Antinoya said, looking at Zhao Xu with interest. "Even if someone really uses a 'true sight' gem to detect us." "His shout is definitely not as fast as my 'swift burst' spell." Zhao Xu also suddenly realized. In the backyard of the mansion, he was like a pedestrian in a zombie survival game, with only a small knife, constantly avoiding danger. But Antinoya, she came in with a submachine gun, seeing and killing one person after another. "Invisibility" is just to avoid trouble, if she is really discovered, she can easily kill them. The power of a spell ultimately depends on its applicability. Before long, relying on memories from his past life, Zhao Xu also found Frey's bedroom.
Fleur's residence is located in a crucial location in the mansion, and the courtyard is a separate building with a specially arranged small garden, surrounded by inner fences and walls. 
After a few maids watering here, Zhao Xu and Antinoya quickly sneaked into Fleur's house. 
The front living room is connected to the study, and the master bedroom is a little further back. 
Although it is daytime, the interior environment appears quite dark due to Fleur's absence and the closed doors and windows. 
"True knowledge technique." Antinoya cast this spell on Zhao Xu. 
Instantly, the darkness in front of Zhao Xu disappeared, and even the hidden magical door was revealed. 
After a brief search, Zhao Xu shook his head, finding nothing. 
Even Fleur's daily records placed on the table mostly contained trivial matters. 
It is obvious that Fleur, who wants revenge, will not reveal her true intentions in the environment controlled by the alliance leader Tangde. 
Now Zhao Xu's attempt to find clues is like asking a blind person. 
"Teacher, should we change places?" 
At this point, Zhao Xu and Antinoya had already entered Fleur's bedroom, which was somewhat unexpected for Zhao Xu. 
When they had met Fleur before, she was dressed very provocatively, with a low-cut top and long legs exposed. 
But her bedroom was very simple, without even a hint of lace or floral patterns that girls like. 
At this moment, Antinoya also opened Fleur's wardrobe and lightly brushed her fingers over the dresses, as if feeling the fabric. 
At this point, Zhao Xu's ears twitched, and he communicated with Antinoya through telepathy on the spot.
"The maids outside said that Frey doesn't usually stay here. She has her own courtyard outside the city, and she rarely comes back unless there's a special celebration or ceremony."

Just as Zhao Xu passed by the maids, he casually dropped a listening coin and unexpectedly heard some insider information.

This also explains why Frey was able to secretly leave and participate in the attack.

"No, it's just right," Antinoya replied.

"Although imperceptible, I can feel that the demonic aura in this area has become stronger," she continued.

After hearing this, Zhao Xu couldn't help but widen his eyes and carefully look around. But then he realized that the spell "detect evil" only works with magical items.

"Fool," Antinoya looked at Zhao Xu's eager expression and couldn't help but laugh, "as long as you have fought demons before, you should have some sensitivity, but since you haven't had much contact, your perception is shallow."

"But?" Zhao Xu said as he ran his hand over the dressing table nearby. Under his magical sight, there were hardly any magical items in the room. These furnishings, if exposed to the demonic aura for a long time, could easily become demonic objects.

In the end, he had fought the demon lord "Grazt" twice, but had not noticed anything.

"Why don't these tables have any demonic aura on them? In theory, they have been here for a year or so, but they don't seem to be affected at all. It's strange, isn't it?"

"Indeed," Zhao Xu nodded.

"It's simple, this room is regularly cleaned with holy water to conceal any demonic influence," Antinoya explained.

"Isn't that too cautious?" Zhao Xu chuckled.
Here is the translation of the text:

Immediately, he pulled open the dresses that Niyoga had just caressed, and his fingers lightly touched the fabric, suddenly feeling a strange sense of familiarity. If it weren't for Niyoga's reminder, he would have forgotten what it was.

It's possible that it would have been overlooked. However, now he understands.

This building has been emitting a bad aura for a long time, and the furniture has been regularly cleaned and polished, leaving no trace. However, these dresses cannot be washed together with the furniture.

"These dresses will naturally be ironed with holy water before being worn, and it won't show up at that time. But now, of course, there's a loophole." Niyoga explained.

In general, the demon world can continue to emit this kind of aura, such as demon temples and the like.

At this time, Zhao Xiu's gaze also naturally fell on the black and white checkered carpet. He walked over to the corner and then lifted it up.

With a wave of dust and waves of the carpet, what entered their eyes was a solid brick floor with no gaps or seams. There was no hidden door, otherwise it would have been exposed under his "true knowledge".

"You're not mistaken," Niyoga said instead, "the demon altar is underground, and originally there was a secret passage here, which was sealed with mud and died. To go down, it can only be done through magic."
"What do you know, teacher?"

Zhao Xiu's family enterprise was a "brick factory" in his past life, so he didn't notice that this floor had been deliberately aged to make it look like it hadn't been sealed.

"It's simple. I've reviewed the archives and changed history of this inner city's construction."
Here is the translation:

After Flora was recognized, this place was renovated again. Then, I checked the whereabouts of the craftsmen who participated in the renovation. Until today, most of them have passed away.

Zhao Xu heard this and couldn't help but sigh.

It was clear that his mentor had had suspicions from the start and had directly targeted the issue.

"This is another lesson for you, Zhong Xia," he said.

"Your magic, for the strong, may be effective or not, but for ordinary people, it's a deadly weapon."

"The main component of King Arthur's humanity is these ordinary people with no combat or defensive abilities."

"Through them, you can sometimes gain valuable information, which can help you achieve twice the result with half the effort, and directly hit the key."

Anzheniya landed softly.

Zhao Xu nodded in agreement, and she also had a satisfied expression.

At present, she would not tell Zhao Xu that what she said was actually a compiled report from the dark web search. Even without this report, she could still detect the old signs with her search skills.