
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 492: The Comforting Leave of the Two Legendary Female Sorcerers

Zhao Xu's tense inner state relaxed as he sat down on the floor, looking at the two top-ranked female sorcerers, Arthur, and said, "Am I not a butterfly that stirs the threads of fate?"

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhao Xu felt the intense and sharp gaze of the two women. In the fleeting moment of about one second, he felt the heavy flow of time.

By the time he reacted, the incantation "Quick Release" was still on his lips, but he noticed that the two women had already withdrawn their gaze.

What? A combination punch was over? Had they finished a series of magical inspections on him?

At this moment, Zhao Xu realized for the first time that relying solely on "Magical Identification" was a very unreliable thing.

The premise of Magical Identification was that he had to see the opponent's "incantation," "posture," and other key elements. However, the two legendary sorcerers in front of him, regardless of the spell, were all "Instant Release," "Fixed Release," and "Silent Release" combinations, omitting all magical elements.

Not to mention moving his mouth, it was like blinking for them.
It seemed that next time's "Insight Battle Law" would require him to wear a mental suit to automatically sense the magical spellcasting situation within a 30-meter range.
Otherwise, he would be outmatched, and even his eyes wouldn't be able to blink; everything would be over.
Here is the translation of the text:

"If he were to sense the occurrence of magic, he could cast a powerful spell to interrupt the opponent's action chain and even force them to waste their 'counterattack' action.

Although it was a bit delayed, it seemed that you were indeed my future disciple," said Anzai, with no hint of familiarity in her eyes.

"This is the person I need to rely on?" Sislyvina, who had been elegantly seated, suddenly looked down, sighing.

"Hey."

Zhao Xu was slightly exasperated, looking down at the ground, not wanting to see the person in front of him.

"Tell me, how did you manage to traverse a thousand years of history and arrive at this moment? This is not the time node you should be at. You have the possibility of being crushed at any moment."

Anzai just finished speaking when she suddenly looked up, "There's the aura of Gralzt, which means it's their channel."

"It's time magic? No, it's probably just a part of the divine power," Sislyvina's expression turned slightly sorrowful, "It seems that the goddess has really had an unexpected accident in the future, otherwise, the Six Fingers wouldn't have been able to manipulate time and space in such a way."

Zhao Xu listened and stopped moving.

"It doesn't need to use such a powerful spell to deal with the one in front of you. It seems that you've encountered an enemy that can't be solved. The only thing you can do is to use this method to delay the opponent and drag them into the time-space torrent."

Anzai added, "But if you were to take the opponent's stronghold and bring the present you with you, it would only be a hindrance. That means it's the opponent who has taken the initiative to attack you, and then uses time magic to separate your allies."
Here is the translation of the text:

Sislyvina, standing beside, shook her head, "I see no possibility of convergence between the fate lines of the six fingers and the god of time, so it's estimated that it has obtained some 'divine power' that is consumable. Thus, it's unlikely to utilize it effectively, and instead, it will try to engulf all of you at once. But why are you alone now?"

Annyonja nodded, "This means it's thought to have divided the battlefield. Using consumable divine power to divide the battlefield, it's to face you, the 'Chosen One' who is not bound by fate lines, alone. It seems that the demon king is still willing to take a gamble. It appears that the future will reveal more about the truth of the prediction that was made at the beginning."

At this moment, Sislyvina suddenly stood up, her crimson-golden robe fluttering, and her inner curves were hard to conceal. "So, you're saying that you and your companions are currently at different temporal nodes, and you've come to find us, these two kind-hearted elder sisters, for help?"

Zhou Xu's mouth was almost closed in shock.

They then leaned on the initial magical examination and immediately understood the entire context.

At this moment, Zhou Xu finally noticed that his dynamic bar had two new prompts.

【Adventurer Xing Xia, your "Soul Shield" spell has been dispelled.】
【Adventurer Xing Xia, you have been affected by the "Soul Shield" spell.】

Well, it seems that these two strong female mages are quite frivolous.

In that instant, these two powerful female mages directly dismantled his spell.

After that, they also refreshed his time limit for the next 24 hours.

However, the player's memory, protected by divine power, cannot be viewed. These two strong female mages did not bother to go through his memories point by point, let alone reanalyze them.

Analyzing this, it seems that everything that happened just now was analyzed based on the characteristics of the "game pieces" outside the player's "Fate Chessboard".
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's almost perfect, eight out of nine."
"What about that?"

Since everyone's chat channel has jumped out, Zhao Xu didn't hesitate and directly asked, "About the life experiences of 'bitter sweetness' with An Ti Nuo Ya, or the 'unwavering faith' with Xisi Lu Vina, I won't repeat the details to the two of them."

"No."

At this moment, An Ti Nuo Ya shook her head and said, "You just live like that, what's not good about it? You'll be able to see the 'War of the Gods' that Arthur has only a few times."

"Yeah, you can rest assured to stay here, and since you've become An Ti Nuo Ya's disciple in the future, you're already looking at An Ti Nuo Ya, and we can get along, can't we?"

Xisi Lu Vina joked, "That's the main thing, I have a heavy mission in the future, and there are many people I can't abandon, who are waiting for me."

"It won't be," An Ti Nuo Ya suddenly interrupted, "You can wait for a thousand years and still meet your old friends and family, and you should also become one of Arthur's strongest mages at that time, isn't it better to protect them?"

"And with the two of us, you'll definitely not be lonely."

At this point, the future Goddess Xisi Lu Vina suddenly showed a cunning smile, like a "femme fatale".

Zhao Xu almost slapped his forehead, and after a moment, he came to his senses.

This Xisi Lu Vina is the one who became a god in the midst of a disaster, and it's clear that she left Arthur just a short while ago, how could she accompany him?

In other words, the two of them were just teasing him.

At this moment, Zhao Xu was very helpless.
Here is the translation of the text:

"When can someone educate these two witches who are full of mischief? 'Not a chance,' I know a thousand years of development, but I'll only disrupt this historical segment,' Zhao Xu pushed back.

Just then, he became puzzled, 'Although I know I come from a thousand years in the future, why don't you care about the fate of the future at all?'

'Since fate has both chaotic models and orderly threads, you can figure it out yourself. If knowing the development of the future is useful, then at the present, the most powerful one should be the god of fate,' Anzhiya explained.

'Yes,' Westville said, walking towards the wooden door that had just been pushed open. The crisp autumn wind blew in, and Zhao Xu's mind cleared up a bit.

'You decide for yourself. If you want to stay, we can help you sort out everything,' Anzhiya said. 'Then we'll cultivate you well and help you become a legendary mage in ten years. When the time comes, you can go back if you want, and even return directly as the king.'

However, Zhao Xu just shook his head, 'I've read the book "The Secret of Time" in the legendary library. It says that if you go back in time, the original world will also flow with time.'

'Ten years later, many people may no longer exist. What's the point of looking at the desolate landscape then?' Zhao Xu looked up, his eyes firm. 'And I also have confidence that I can become a legendary mage in ten years.'

As he spoke, the two gifted witches who could not become legendary mages in ten years said nothing or mocked him.

The silence between the three of them became palpable.'"
Here is the translation:

After a while, Silviana finally changed the subject, saying, "Hmm? I don't remember this book at all. It seems that the guardian's blessing has hidden it from me."

Zhao Xu immediately waved his hand to explain.

Recently, Silviana had given him the book he wanted very quickly. But in this other fate line, it had ruined things for the other party.

"No, the author of this book is actually you, and you haven't written it yet."

"Ah, Zhongxia, how can you tell me this now?" Silviana suddenly felt annoyed and tapped her foot.

Anny also couldn't help but burst out laughing.

"What's wrong?" Zhao Xu had a puzzled look on his face.

"Hmph, if I hadn't become your fate line's magic goddess, it means that you have just distorted the timeline with this one move."

Silviana couldn't help but say with her mouth puffed out, "And I'll settle the score with you after a thousand years."

"Is it really that serious?" Zhao Xu almost choked on his words.

No wonder they had always been uninterested in his "historical process".

It turned out that Zhao Xu currently had a 1st-level priest level.

This 1st-level priest level would collapse unless he switched to "Order Priest" immediately.

Otherwise, accompanied by Silviana not becoming a goddess, all his priest abilities would disappear.

The priest's magic was a small matter, but the key was the "delayed spellcasting" skill brought by his "domain planning", which was currently his key skill for "spellcasting durability".

Zhao Xu's abilities were interconnected and incredibly powerful.

But if he failed to maintain them, it would be like two different worlds.

"She's deceiving you," Anny also couldn't bear to watch, "If there's an order, then disrupting that order is not easy."

"If it really has such a big impact, we're urging you to stay and not ruin the entire fate line."
After listening, Zhao Xu couldn't help but gaze at Xisilvina in front of him, and he couldn't help but mutter, "Old big brother, if you keep teasing me like this, I'll really become a pastor ahead of time."

Xisilvina's expression was like a chicken's skin rising, and she frowned, saying, "I'm not like Anniya who stays in the same age from the beginning. You should call me elder sister or something like that."

In response, Zhao Xu could only smile awkwardly.

He didn't dare to speak out of turn, lest he be expelled from the "teaching" on the spot.

"Then what do you want to do?" Xisilvina suddenly looked at Zhao Xu with an expectant expression.