
Here is the translation of the text into English:

Chapter 523: Magic Architecture, Arcane Geometry

When the second day's online session began, Zhao Xu was still rubbing his eyes, looking groggy and sleepy.

Thanks to the massive silver mine nearby, there was no shortage of basic blasting and excavation personnel, as well as large machinery.

Zhao Xu quickly went through the channels of the Archbishop Sisi and the mine manager Les, and found a person named Rota, who had been in the construction industry for many years and could serve as a caretaker.

Rota was already in his early fifties and had a son from a previous marriage. He was also a devout follower of the Magic Goddess, and had received training as a "magic apprentice" in his youth. However, after six years of struggling, he couldn't even perform basic magic tricks and had to return home to take over the family business.

After their conversation that day, Zhao Xu realized that Rota still harbored a deep longing for the title of "magician" from his youth, but felt that his innate abilities were insufficient to become one.

At his age, it was impossible to retrain himself.

So Zhao Xu made a promise on the spot that if Rota could cooperate with him to build a magic association base, he would recommend him for a "magic apprentice" position at the prestigious Mistral Academy.

The annual recommendation quota was one of the powers of the association's branch chairman, who was Zhao Xu. The intention was to search for talented people, but talented people were rare, so it had evolved into a performance-based system.

Rota, aware of the value of the promise, was naturally overjoyed.
Here is the translation of the text:

After expressing his gratitude and apology to Zhao Xun, he immediately paid the "penalty" for the near-completed engineering project in his hand and brought the most elite construction team under his family's jurisdiction to Zhuxing Town.

As for myself, I personally took charge of the construction management of this project.

With the help of some explosive experts from Laosi, the construction of the Zhuxing Town Branch of the Mage Association officially began.

The sound of explosions and knocking sounds gradually became the daily rhythm of this region.

The designer sent by the northern branch of the Mage Association, Sanders, also arrived as scheduled.

He was in his early forties, with a strong and sturdy appearance. He was wearing a tuxedo and looking at the demolition site in front of him with a calm expression.

Sanders is a technical talent cultivated by the northern branch, and he is mainly responsible for the design of the "Mage Tower".

This time, he was sent to participate in the design of the larger and less intense "Association Station", which was a piece of cake for him.

In fact, the initial drawings had been perfected a month ago, and Sanders had come this time only to make adjustments to the site as needed.

As the construction site was fenced off with barbed wire and tents, the area was clearly demarcated, and the sounds of explosions continued to ring out.

Even in the early spring, when the snow had not yet melted, players who could not yet hunt monsters would occasionally come to this explosion site to "take a stroll" and see if they could activate any tasks.

Some players, even those with zero construction skills, relied on their strength and agility attributes to work quickly and efficiently, without falling behind schedule.
Here is the translation of the text:

After a day of fermentation, most players in the entire Starfall Town have come to understand that a player named Zhong Xia has arrived and begun building the headquarters of the Association.

As the owner of the project, Zhao Xu stands still, supervising the construction site. Meanwhile, players who were transporting explosives and debris formed a stark contrast.

It was as if two classes of people had been divided. "Mr. Sanders, I'd like to know why the central tower is set up this way," King Qingwei said, holding a stack of drawings and asking questions, as if preparing for her own dream from her past life.

Zhao Xu's mind was also balanced by this scene. King Qingwei seemed to be so eager to learn that Zhao Xu began to doubt whether she was the true reborn one.

However, Sanders, who was originally honest with Zhao Xu, surprisingly showed a friendly and polite attitude towards King Qingwei, even sharing his own experiences and expertise with her. This made Zhao Xu, who had 18 points of charm and was at the top level, suspect that he might have added too much filler.

King Qingwei's enthusiasm for learning made Zhao Xu almost believe that she was serious about mastering the art of design.

The Association's headquarters and tower are not just residential buildings, but rather devices that collect and channel magical energy. Therefore, they cannot be designed like ordinary buildings, with a simple construction plan and instructions for workers. The tower is essentially a magical artifact, and designing a magical building requires expertise in "Arcane Geometry."
Only by mastering engineering, mystical knowledge, and spatial knowledge can one build an architecture that can gather magical energy. The rooms and walls constructed through astral geometry are infused with a mysterious power. King Congwei sat motionless, not even noticing the dust on the ground, as she pored over the blueprints. Zhao Xu quietly approached her from behind and whispered, "The prerequisites for astral geometry are professional (engineering) level 8, knowledge (astral) level 8, knowledge (spatial) level 8, and spellcaster level 9. If you're interested, I can lend you this book later." Instantly, King Congwei's eyes flashed with a strange light, and she smiled sweetly at Zhao Xu. "Thank you, I have the route and skills, but the spellcaster level is too difficult." She then continued to gaze at the four A3-sized blueprints.

Just then, Luo Ta walked over, bowing his head. "Summer, based on the progress of the site dismantling, as long as there are no heavy snows in the next few days, we should be able to finish leveling the land and building the foundation in three days. Once we've built the basic framework, you can contact the high-level officials at the Northern Branch and send a team of professional spellcasters to assist."

He had also participated in magical construction projects before, but had never been able to take sole responsibility. This time, he was determined to put his all into it and leave his mark on the building that would stand for generations to come. It could even become a testament to the family's legacy.

"Don't worry, I'll take care of it," Zhao Xu said, sizing up the project progress. He knew that he would be stuck in Starfall Town for the next few days.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, he didn't rush to become a five-ring master, as long as the building could be completed within four months. After that, he wouldn't have any spare time to visit this place.

"Boss," a sturdy man from the construction team suddenly ran over and said to Luo Ta, "There's a natural stone in the construction site that seems to have been there since the beginning. We've tried to blast it several times, but it hasn't cracked at all."

Luo Ta listened and immediately asked, "What was its original layout?"

"It had a fence surrounding it, and even had many potted plants and soil on top, disguised as a fake mountain," the sturdy man replied.

Luo Ta's heart was about to sink as he felt a sense of foreboding.

The mysteries of Arthur are difficult to fully decipher, even for those who have spent their entire lives studying them.

When the residents were building their homes, they naturally wouldn't leave a large stone like that untouched. It's only natural that they would take it away, and it would be difficult to leave it there for others to take. "Let's take a look," Zhao Xu said.

Luo Ta followed Zhao Xu and ran to the site, still muttering to himself, "The key is that these alchemy spells, all five-ring, are beyond my level!"

The five-ring alchemy spells, including converting mud into stone, stone into mud, sand into stone, stone into sand, and sand into glass, are each around 50 cubic meters. From Zhao Xu's current level of 27, that would be over 1,000 cubic meters.

On Earth, the mixing trucks that are commonly seen, which are equipped with a mixing device in the rear, usually only hold around 10 cubic meters.
Here is the translation of the text:

If he had the spell to turn stones to mud, combined with his explosive spellcaster level, it wouldn't be too difficult to clear the site. However, Zhao Xu was quietly reaching into his storage compartment in his belt, searching and confirming that the few scrolls of "earth-type" magic spells related to building construction were still there.

"What's going on?"

When he got closer, the person in charge of the excavation pit looked up and gazed at the giant stone that had already been cleared of its outer layer, and couldn't help but feel a sense of despair.

The former construction workers couldn't help but feel helpless in the face of this natural giant stone connected to the earth, and it was natural to have their own reasons.

"Head, we've tried at least ten different methods, but we still can't solve this giant stone. Even if we leave a small crack on it, we can't do it. You said to increase the explosive dose, but we need to apply."

At this moment, the person in charge of the excavation pit was also looking troubled. The giant stone at the bottom of the pit and the surrounding ground had no seam, as if it were born to stay there.

"Tell the people surrounding the pit to evacuate and set up a new construction site. This time, use six times the amount of earth explosives."

Just then, a player pushing a cart also looked over here, observing the commotion.

"If you keep messing around like this, we won't be able to work today."

Zhao Xu lightly raised his hand to stop them and said, "Let me try."

As he spoke, he quietly pressed his palm onto the giant stone.

"Softening stone technique."