
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 528: The Mysterious Stele, a Secret of the Ages

"Did you hear about it?"

"What about it?"

"It's the conflict at the fountain square in front of the Deep Blue Song Gate."

"Oh, I remember, wasn't it said that someone attacked the first-ranked player, Xiaoyue, and what happened?"

"Something happened, that's for sure."

"It's no big deal, I'll just die and be reborn. With five revival stones, I can still have a shot at it."

"It seems you don't know what happened next."

"What could happen next? Isn't it that Xiaoyue used the Four-Ring Spell to wipe out the 20 people and cause non-fatal injuries?"

"Yes, but wasn't someone else who fell earlier?"

"What happened to him? He wanted to reincarnate a bit faster, and it's possible that he might have made it in time for the second wave of attacks."

"No chance."

"What?"

"He's gone."

"Gone?"

"Yes, it's said that his soul was directly bound, so he can't be revived. This character is now useless, and I've already replaced him. I've had enough of this, it's a bug!"

"This isn't impressive, it's a bug! The game company is still allowing this kind of thing."

"The game company?"

"Well, it's already dead."

This conversation, laced with dark humor, was quietly repeated throughout the Falling Star Town all day long. Every time it was passed on, people's gazes turned towards Zhao Xu's eyes, and they grew more solemn.

The Mage Association's headquarters, located in the heart of Falling Star Town, had become the most mysterious and crucial location among all the buildings.
Here is the translation of the text:

Everyone realized for the first time that, aside from being the first player, "Player First Mage", "Division Head", and "Town Lord" were all identities that could not be overlooked. Even players had discovered that the entire construction process was controlled by "Zhong Xia" and that he held the power to sign off and inspect.

As a result, players could buy off Zhong Xia and even take over the construction team to make a profit. However, after Zhao Xu dealt with the players who dared to challenge him, there would be no second wave of casualties in Starfall Town for a short period of time.

The next time someone dared to challenge him, it would be a meticulously planned and lightning-fast strike. At this moment, Zhao Xu was standing in front of the natural stone wall, looking puzzled.

He had left to capture the remaining stone statue after leaving the construction site, and the construction workers naturally followed to flatten and remove the remaining stone heap, unaware that a standardized mysterious stone tablet was hidden inside.

No one dared to make a decision, so they waited for Zhao Xu to return to decide. The half-human, half-stone tablet had been brought back to the temporary tent and Zhao Xu praised the caution of the person in charge before allowing them to continue dismantling work.

If any new problems arose, he would be notified to handle them. However, as Zhao Xu was not just a mere scholar, the patrol team also quietly left without lingering.

Wang Qingwei, who was originally running around the construction site, was now focused on observing the patterns on the tablet with a magnifying glass, thinking about the origins of the tablet. She still held a stack of parchment paper in her hand, with ink that had not yet dried, indicating that she had just made an engraving of the tablet. "No."
Here is the translation of the text:

Wang Ningwei shook her head in puzzlement, "These characters that look like tadpoles, are unlikely to belong to any language of King Arthur's time. They don't resemble the shape of the object they represent, and it's even more impossible to represent the sound."

"No matter if it's 'Reading Magic' or 'Understanding Language', I've tried both, but these tadpole-like characters look just as mysterious."

Hearing this, Zhao Xu couldn't help but become curious.

He knelt down beside Wang Ningwei, looking at the characters that seemed to have no rules or patterns, and his mind was similarly filled with a similar magical experiment.

Like Wang Ningwei, he got no results.

"What's strange,"

Zhao Xu didn't give up, using his own mysterious knowledge to examine the characters, and with the aid of various "Divine Knowledge" spells, his mysterious knowledge increased by a small margin.

Even if someone held a legendary spell in front of him, he could still sense some clues.

"It's really amazing, these things, couldn't they just suddenly appear out of thin air?"

As Zhao Xu thought back to the situation in other universes, it seemed that this was indeed possible in these multiverses.

"Lark, do you have an impression?" Zhao Xu called out to the magical artifact in his mind.

"What?"

At this moment, the knowledgeable Lark also raised her voice, "Interesting."

"What's going on?"

This answer that hinted at breaking through, however, sparked a bad idea in Zhao Xu's mind.

"This isn't a text, nor is it a spell."

"It's a cryptic message."

"A cryptic message?" Zhao Xu didn't quite understand, "Then what's the key?"

The treasure that he received from the Kurloze and the six sisters earlier, which filled him with an abundance of wealth, couldn't possibly mean that more wealth would be sent to him so soon.
Here is the translation of the text:

"If I hadn't grasped the essence of 'change' and the source of its power, I wouldn't have been able to react to the significance of this epitaph by transforming it. Lakshmi sighed emotionally.

"Just say that the person who left behind this residual clue gave too deep a hint. You, the owner, can copy these epitaphs down first." 

Zhao Xu listened and immediately pulled out a piece of sheepskin paper and lightly tapped it with his hand, saying "copying technique".

Suddenly, the zero-ring spell condensed into a blob of ink in Zhao Xu's palm.

As Zhao Xu waved his hand, the paper began to appear with pen marks, completely consistent with the inscriptions on the stone tablet.

The copying technique can only copy non-magical files, illustrations, and magical texts, such as magical books, scrolls, or the "Serpentine Seal" of magical scripts. It cannot copy magical texts.

"So, you're more like a magician than me, with such an external system of zero-ring spells," Wang Qingwei praised Zhao Xu, her eyes also gazing at the paper he was drawing on.

At this time, Zhao Xu began to draw a stone statue monster on the patterns provided by Lakshmi.

"The stone statue monster is the key to breaking the code. Is this really a cryptogram?"

Wang Qingwei had thought about this possibility, but she couldn't find a suitable key to decipher it. However, Zhao Xu finished drawing the stone statue monster and then directly cut the entire piece of sheepskin paper and reassembled it according to the original patterns.

He used a different method.

She already sensed that Zhao Xu had automatically processed the block diagrams in his mind, and they were no longer just distorted, twisted text in his mind.

"Dragon language?"

"No, it's the soil language corresponding to the stone statue monster."
Wang Congwei suddenly realized the key to Zhao Xu's thinking.

In the next instant, Zhao Xu had taken control of these mysterious insects, moving around in a different form.

"Oh my god!"
Wang Congwei held his mouth, incredulous, staring at the text.

"Seven Prophecies?"
"When the day is filled with falling fire and the crystal barrier is breached, Arthur will bring a new billion subjects."
"The former inhabitants of the earth will welcome their new savior."

Wang Congwei's voice was silenced at this point.