
Here is the translation:

Chapter 542: The Power of Potential Points, Unlimited Buff

After exploring the God's Realm, Zhao Xu logged back into the game the next day and found himself waking up in the Mistral Cathedral with a small note beside him.

After an hour of preparing spells, Zhao Xu's face lit up with joy as he discovered that three new five-ring occult positions had appeared on his body.

In an instant, Zhao Xu's eyebrows shot up as the "Unbridled Heroic Spirit" spell transformed into an occult torrent, pouring into his heart and revealing even more of his occult abilities.

At the same time, Zhao Xu added the "Super Magical Control" ability, sacrificing attribute points to activate the "Spell Endurance" ability.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu's entire body was electrified, and the inherent "Heroic Spirit" from birth burst forth from his body.

His hair stood on end like it was statically charged.

【Adventure Summer: You will gain 1 point of potential point (effective time: 1 round) each round.】

At this moment, Zheng Xinli watched as Summer was mastering her new abilities without interrupting him. Even she needed to properly organize the blessings bestowed by the goddess.

Zhao Xu, on the other hand, gazed at the potential points, filled with both regret and a sense of relief.

It was at this moment that Xiservina recounted the story of potential points from beginning to end once again.

Potential points, also known as "Hero Points" or "Explosion Points," are not uncommon in the annals of Arthurian history, where legendary figures repeatedly create miracles.

However, potential points are limited.
Here is the translation of the text:

Except for leveling up, it is impossible to gain new potential points again, and the potential points that were not utilized previously will also be reset to zero.

This is also the peculiarity of the "Unbridled Hero Spirit" ability, which allows the user to temporarily gain 1 potential point per round.

Generally, hero characters start with 5 potential points at level 1 and can supplement their potential points to 5 + half a level after leveling up.

At this moment, Zhao Xuan's gaze fell on the system panel, displaying a complete 9 potential points.

It can be said that these 9 potential points will be completely frozen and not used later.

The "Unbridled Hero Spirit" ability requires the user to have at least 1 potential point.

Zhao Xuan let out a sigh and tightened his fist slightly.

"Mr. Zheng, where did that potential point come from?" Zheng Xin'an couldn't help but ask curiously, noticing that the goddess had mentioned it multiple times in the past.

Zhao Xuan couldn't help but laugh after hearing this.

It's no wonder that curiosity can be deadly.

It was also through his past experiences that Zhao Xuan knew that Zheng Xin'an, who seemed calm and indifferent on the surface, was actually a passionate and fiery person.

However, she would not actively express her concerns, but instead quietly sat on the side, preparing to listen carefully.

The fact that the other party couldn't help but ask now meant that they had searched the forum in vain the night before and had to come to ask him, the main character.

If only he had known, he would have dared to mock him secretly yesterday.

Zhao Xuan had just completed the two most critical puzzles of the early stages of his profession, and his mood was very pleasant, so he decided to "forget the past" and explain it to her.
Here is the translation of the text:

After hearing the explanation, Zheng Xin'an's mouth also slightly opened. "What can it be used for, Mr. Zhongxia?" he asked.

"The most basic function is that it can be used to enhance the abilities of heroes who are evaluated at levels 1-20," Zhongxia replied. "It's also the reason why some heroes can achieve impossible feats, such as breaking open locks or climbing walls that no one else can reach."

"What are the abilities that can be added to levels 1-20?" Zheng Xin'an asked, his head hung low.

Zhao Xu smiled slightly and thought to himself that it was amazing that Zheng Xin'an could still play this game smoothly and promote to level 3.

He then patiently explained, "It's mainly used for attack, evasion, skills, and spellcasting level checks."

With just a few words, he had covered most of the scenarios in a player's daily life.

Moreover, when leveling up from level 8-14, he would choose one of the two times to enhance his abilities, and from level 15 onwards, he would choose three times to enhance his abilities.

There is only a 1/216 probability of enhancing his abilities to level 1, but there is a 40% chance of enhancing his abilities to level 6, and a 40% chance of enhancing his abilities to level 5.

Therefore, Zhao Xu casually drew out his sword, and even without using any spells, he could enhance his abilities by 5-6 levels just by activating his abilities once in this round.

It's basically the power of a sword worth 50,000 gold coins and a +5 magic weapon.

"Is that all?" Zheng Xin'an asked, his eyes shining with a sense of inquiry.
Here is the translation of the text:

As he chatted with those veteran adventurers, Zhao Xu heard about "potential points" for the first time.

"Many," Zhao Xu said, spreading his fingers apart to count them one by one.

"Reactivate professional skills, such as the dispersal of your priest's abilities."

"Simulate specialties, allowing you to temporarily use specialties you don't possess."

"Restore spell slots, restoring consumed spell slots to their original state."

"Enhance specialties, allowing you to upgrade specialties like spell penetration to the next level."

As Zhao Xu described these abilities, Zheng Xin An's expression changed from surprise to confusion.

Even if she reacted slowly, she realized the frightening power of these abilities.

"Considering this, Lady Goddess's decision to let you pass the spell guard's examination yesterday is not unacceptable."

Zheng Xin An nodded, saying, "Mr. Summer, it seems that you've been giving me a lesson right here and now. If you have sufficient value, even gods can be traded."

Zhao Xu couldn't help but move his hand, summoning a "Mage's Hand" in front of Zheng Xin An and tapping her forehead.

Zheng Xin An immediately covered her forehead and knelt down, looking at Zhao Xu with embarrassment.

【Adventurer Summer, you've consumed 1 potential point to restore a single-ring spell slot.】

At the same time, Zhao Xu's used spell slot also recovered naturally, like a seamless connection.

Zhao Xu also began to feel the "profligate" feeling, casting spells without hesitation.

As long as he didn't use too many spells, the recovery speed of potential points matched his spellcasting pace.

Unless he needed to simulate specialties or restore spell slots, he would have to wait for a while.
Here is the translation of the text:

"When the mage can bully people and you, although you are a five-ring mage, don't waste your spells like this," Zheng Xin Yu said with a frustrated tone.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but laugh and said, "Allow Pastor, I haven't found that you're also a grandmaster of yin and yang. You should hurry up and check the gifts given by the goddess, or they will expire."

After saying that, Zhao Xu turned around and began to prepare for his daily "buff" process.

The first step was to upgrade the mage's level, especially since he now had unlimited spell slots and didn't need to worry about conserving spells.

The mage's level was 10, which was equivalent to 8 levels of profession + 1 ritual + 1 Elyria stone.

Zhao Xu smiled and began his journey to upgrade his mage's level.

The second ring spell "Sacrificial Body" (spell duration) was upgraded from level 5 to level 15.

The third ring spell "Poem of Divine Right" (spell duration) was upgraded from level 2 to level 18.

The fourth ring spell "Enhance Magic" (spell duration) was upgraded from level 4 to level 24.

Zhao Xu activated his magic crystal and upgraded his mage's level by 4 levels within 10 minutes, reaching level 22.

The fourth ring spell "Domain of Decline" (spell duration) was upgraded from level 4 to level 28.

Finally, Zhao Xu stacked up to level 28 and summoned 14 fake dead state small shape-shifting spiders from the dimensional bag and once again cast the fourth ring spell "Domain of Decline" to absorb the life force and strengthen himself.

The spell "Domain of Decline" (spell duration) was upgraded from level 14 and added 28 points of unnamed power to Zhao Xu's mage level.

The instantaneous spell force disappeared, and Zhao Xu's mage level was upgraded from 22 to 36 after activating the crystal.
Here is the translation of the text:

After disappearing for 10 minutes, Zhao Xu's mage level remained at 32, which was the level he had fixed before. Then, Zhao Xu looked at his own life value and asked Zheng Xin Yu, "Miss Zheng, how many life points do you have?" Zheng Xin Yu replied, "Around 20 life points." The exact life value is a secret for each player, but it can be roughly estimated to ensure survival in combat.

Zhao Xu's current life value was 51 points, including 27 points from his physical constitution and 24 points from his profession. Compared to the current main fighter players, Zhao Xu was not weak at all. However, he was not satisfied with this.

Taking advantage of the remaining time, Zhao Xu continued to cast spells with his staff.

Second-level False Life (Spell of High Effect), increasing life value by 20 points.

Fourth-level Divine Ability (Spell of Prolongation), strength increased by 6, basic attack increased to level 9, life increased by 1 point per level, totaling 36 points.

Fourth-level Legacy Explorer's Wealth (Spell of Prolongation, Spell of High Effect), life value gained 4D8 + charm adjustment life value, with high effect becoming 32 + 3 = 35 points.

Finally, combining the temporary life value provided by the Realm of Decline, Zhao Xu's life value soared to 258 HP.

Zhao Xu's life value was comparable to that of a giant dragon, and it was not excessive. Even legendary warriors could not surpass this. Zhao Xu finally felt a sense of security in his life value.
He looked at Zheng Xin Yu and said, "Wait for me to buff for over 10 minutes."
"Over 10 minutes?" Zheng Xin Yu looked puzzled.
"Is that the duration of the spell?"
It would indeed be enough for a battle.
"We're going to hunt monsters?" Zheng Xin Yu exclaimed with excitement.
"No, we need to get some diagrams, the blueprints for building the portal."
As he spoke, Zhao Xu rubbed the paper strip on his hand, where the holy symbol of Sylvina, the goddess of magic, was still emitting a dazzling magical glow.