
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 600: Mysterious Cavern, Source of the Dead

"Are you still holding onto many of these wands?" The staff member who had been waiting for the barbarian to return the "wands" suddenly asked.

As a non-player character, he had become an expert in using magical devices after crossing over. His human talent selection was also "magical talent," which gave him an advantage in skill checks.

Most people who possessed this expertise were unable to cast spells, which was somewhat ironic.

Just as everyone else was shocked by the magical items that Zhao Xuan had taken out, he noticed something different.

"No mistake," Zhao Xuan did not deny this.

Privately, he realized that his accidental second goal had been achieved.

In this world, rumors could spread faster than official announcements. "So, I'm relieved."

As the staff member wiped the sweat from his forehead, he said, "It seems that the message about the personnel sent to collect a large amount of life-restoring materials has turned out to be true."

As he spoke, he let out a sigh of relief. "It's no wonder they asked us to consume all these resurrection wands. It turns out it's not urgent after all."

As the staff member finished speaking, the barbarian, Iron Man, and the audience below all nodded silently, as if they had understood something.

However, the gazes of the crowd turned to Zhao Xuan with a hint of skepticism. It was unlikely that a player would pull out an entire set of wands, as Zhao Xuan had done.
Here is the translation of the text:

Only those responsible for transporting magical items from the large merchant guilds will carry these items. Moreover, they are loaded into "dimensional bags", which speaks for itself. The upper echelons of the Alliance can confidently entrust the transportation of large quantities of magical recovery items to someone who is also skilled. At least, it means that the other party is also a skilled person.

In a few days, after Zhao Xu arranges some clues, the entire population of the Alliance will know that the Alliance is no longer lacking in medical recovery materials. They can then face the desperate battles with confidence.

Unlike the initial battles, many players are now no longer holding back, fearing for their lives. Even if they don't die, they may have missed the opportunity to rise to prominence. As for those who have died, their families have fallen from the cloud to the deep valley, and they have also lost their only chance to rise again.

Throughout history, the most tragic are those who fell in the revolution before their victory.

At this moment, the barbarian, Iron Man, looked at Zhao Xu, who had taken out these magic wands to cooperate with his teaching, and involuntarily made a gesture of respect to him, a gesture common in the profession of a barbarian.

Zhao Xu smiled and quietly left the stage, waiting for the rumors to spread.

The people of the Alliance will help paint a vivid picture of today's scene.

... Within an hour, Zhao Xu had crossed the border of the Alliance and found himself at a vast, dark pit, which seemed to stretch to infinity. No one knew where it led.

At this time, the guards of the Alliance had sealed off the area and sent people to prevent any undead creatures from emerging from inside.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Already have the small teams gone in?" Zhao Xu waved a badge representing the South Cross Star Investigation Team, indicating his false identity. He had at least dozens of these badges in his pocket, including some with blank names and ready-to-use appointment letters.

"No," the guard commander responsible for watching this place shook his head at Zhao Xu, his superior.

"None have dared to go in yet?" Zhao Xu was astonished.

According to him, there were at least ten large-scale player guilds that were relatively independent within Eurasia, and they were not all aligned with Eurasia Star. They were pursuing their own independence. Alternatively, they might be secretly poaching members from Eurasia.

It's no secret that Eurasia has the potential to become the dominant faction in the summer. However, it's also possible that Eurasia will split into factions or co-govern.

So, these robust player guilds are holding out for the future, hoping to join forces with Eurasia. Even if they are recruited by Zhao Xu, it's better to have more people to negotiate with.

This is also the reason why Zhao Xu wants to use a small-scale operation to showcase Eurasia's resources.

So, now that we're exploring the "connection" to this "wave of the undead" super-scale reason, these player guilds are still inactive. That's a bit too slow.

Do you think you can follow Eurasia's official line and sail smoothly?

Even Zhao Xu hasn't rushed in, and he's holding out hope to join forces and recruit later.

"This superior, the current situation is not like the Eurasia environment before the crossover. There is no revival stone, and you can't trade experience for revival times. Now, everyone's life is tied together, and these risks are no longer worth taking."
Here is the translation:

The sentry captain, with his back bent, explained to Zhao Xu, "In about two weeks, relying on my over 10 years of experience as a bodyguard, I quickly rose to become a non-standard 'mercenary'."

Although he rose quickly, he lost his potential.

"Ah, yes," Zhao Xu nodded.

However, the next moment, his gaze became much colder, "So you're saying that no one went down secretly?"

"Are you afraid I'll think you're neglecting your duties?"

"Or are you saying you were bribed? That's why you made up this lie to deceive me, and after I go down, the team below will take care of me?"

Zhao Xu's "reading between the lines" skill was not inferior to anyone's.

This skill directly awakened his instinctual suspicion.

The sentry captain's face also turned white, and the nearby militiamen, numbering over 20, looked worried, their eyes darting between him and the sentry captain.

"What's strange is how I know you're lying?"

Zhao Xu shook his head, "I have to say, your 'deception' actually passed the test. But it didn't pass my intelligence test."

"The things you said are indeed reasonable, but to me, it sounds more like someone who went down told you these words. So you're one of them?"

As Zhao Xu said this, he began to scrutinize the other person, "So they even prepared a reason for you to defend yourself, but unfortunately, each person's thought waves are different, and they can't detect the suitable reason that fits them, but it's not suitable for you to say it from your mouth."

"So I have slight doubts, and you'll be exposed soon."

At this moment, Zhao Xu lightly played with the magic wand in his hand, although he was alone, but in the eyes of the sentries, he was more terrifying than an army of ten thousand.

Because at this moment, he was dressed as a wizard, a profession that is both frightening and awe-inspiring.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Alright, I'm tired of wasting my breath with you guys,"

Then, Zhao Xu waved his staff lightly and glanced at the commander of the guard, "I'm the only one who can save you. Tell me, what's the situation with the team that just went down?"

Zhao Xu's words sounded reasonable and logical, and his "suggestion" spell quickly took effect, entering the opponent's mind. He didn't need to spend much effort to manipulate the opponent's thoughts, so he directly used his suggestion to make the opponent think he was telling the truth.

In reality, what he said was true. He had the authority to pardon anyone.

The commander of the guard looked dazed and said, "It's the 'Blue' union. We sent a team of twenty people to explore the area below, and there were also twenty guards on rest and rotation. I was deceived into thinking it was an order from my superior."

"Really foolish!"

"Human binding spell!"

Zhao Xu didn't even bother to say another word, and directly used his spell to paralyze the opponent's entire body.

Then, he looked at the bewildered guards and said, "Come and take this guy away, tie him up and bring him back. Then, arrange for someone to come and take over the rotation."

"I've already sent a message, and you can bet with me that you can't escape now."

The guards who had just been frightened by the commander's gaze also lost their courage and came to execute Zhao Xu's orders.

Zhao Xu then shook his head, looking at the bottomless pit.

He sent twenty Ailin guards to follow him, which was naturally to make them cannon fodder.

It's really a headache to borrow someone else's soldiers.
Here is the translation of the text:

The underground cave that can accommodate over a million immortal beings is a major concern. Zhao Xu is afraid to bring his subordinates along, fearing that they might get into trouble and he won't be able to rescue them in time. Unexpectedly, these trade union members, who came up with a reasonable excuse, didn't take his words to heart.

Their lives are as fragile as a thread. Unlike Zhao Xu, who has a "death contract" and is virtually invincible, with two lives.

"Peek into the demon's eye!"
In an instant, 34 half-true visible magic balls, each about the size of a ping-pong ball, burst out of the empty space in front of him and descended to the ground according to Zhao Xu's guidance.

These balls have ordinary visual acuity of 40 meters and are extremely fragile, breaking down instantly if hit by a 1st-level warrior. Many of these magic balls are tiny, with a body size equivalent to an apple, and have a significant advantage in defense, with 8 levels of body type and perfect flying ability, as well as excellent stealth skills (+16). They are also proficient in secret reconnaissance and can't be farther than 1.5 kilometers away from Zhao Xu.

After giving an order, these magic eyes will execute the order. They can only return to Zhao Xu's hands and replay what they saw in his mind. Moreover, they cannot be more than 1.5 kilometers away from Zhao Xu.

In a real mage battle, mages are actually just a moment away from each other, possibly exchanging blows and then reacting to each other's moves. If they can't keep up, they'll be killed. Then, it's a matter of who is better prepared for "unexpected" situations.

Before all this, the most critical thing is to win the "intelligence war". Knowing yourself and your enemy is the reason why divination has a key position. Just as Zhao Xu's thoughts flashed through his mind, all his peering magic eyes disappeared.