
Here is the translation:

Chapter 62: The True Aen Stone

Zhou Xu obtained the Aen Stone, but instead of equipping it, he directly put it in the middle pocket of his utility bag.

At the beginning of the game, he walked around with the Aen Stone, and his walking pace was actually quite slow.
But Zhou Xu didn't want others to think he was a novice.
He didn't want to attract anyone's attention, and he wanted to develop quietly.
As long as he wasn't detected by the detection magic, players wouldn't know he possessed a magical item.
Looking at Anzhi Noya's request that he rely on himself, Zhou Xu didn't think too much.
He directly cast the "Read Magic" spell on himself and continued to study the mysterious texts beside him, with a large stack of books.

At the beginning, players can obtain 4 times the points, because the skill level limit is the character level + 3.
Zhou Xu, currently a 1-level character, can raise his skills to level 4.
Luckily, Anzhi Noya didn't ask too much, otherwise, he wouldn't be able to go out to adventure for a few months.
In the previous life, players were also forced to spend time reading due to the reason that they didn't upgrade their knowledge and skills.
Zhou Xu looked at the mysterious texts, and his heart couldn't help but think of the legendary mage.
If the legendary mage required knowledge (mysterious) skills, he estimated he would need to upgrade this skill to level 24 by the time he reached level 21.
Thinking of this, Zhou Xu couldn't help but show a sympathetic expression to Anzhi Noya.
In the world, players might take three years to pass the college entrance examination, but the mages in Aria would have to spend a lifetime studying.
Here is the translation of the text:

"My today is your tomorrow, you don't need to look at me with that kind of gaze," said An Ti Nuo Ya, flipping through the book in her hand.

Zhao Xu was suddenly taken aback, and he looked at An Ti Nuo Ya without seeing her lift her head.

Isn't it said that players won't be detected by their true thoughts within a year?

Zhao Xu quickly lifted his head and looked around the entire classroom, observing whether there were any floating objects.

He had heard that mages had a way of surveying their surroundings similar to a drone, but he wasn't clear about the details of the spell.

Could it be that An Ti Nuo Ya had set up something around us?

"Don't let the mage look foolish, take out the 'Common Spell Overview' from your backpack and take a good look at it yourself," An Ti Nuo Ya said with a bad temper.

"There's a secondary spell called 'Turbo Turtle Vision' that can give you a panoramic view of the entire area," An Ti Nuo Ya said without good humor.

It turns out that way.

Zhao Xu finally understood that An Ti Nuo Ya had obtained a kind of all-encompassing vision similar to a third eye.

So she didn't need to lift her head to know what she was doing.

Zhao Xu thought to himself that if he wore this kind of spell, he wouldn't be afraid of someone sneaking up on him from behind, but it would take some getting used to.

However, An Ti Nuo Ya was just looking at the book, and it was quite cautious.

"Can't you upgrade the ten knowledge skills by one level? The remaining levels can wait," Zhao Xu said after casting the reading spell four times.

He felt that the mysterious knowledge skill was finally starting to show some signs of movement.

He was like a runner who had taken a few steps, with speed and distance, making it easier to estimate the time.

"That's not necessary, but there are requirements for knowledge skills," An Ti Nuo Ya said calmly, flipping through the pages without stopping.

"That's what I'm going to upgrade?"

"What do you mean?"
Here's the translation:

The instructor, how many levels do you have?

"Definitely 8 levels, it's a mysterious skill," Zhao Xu thought suddenly had a bad premonition.

Zhao Xu took a deep breath. He was certain that An Ti Niya was doing it on purpose.

The skill level can only be higher than the character level by 3 levels, which means that when he was a 5th-level mage, the knowledge (mysterious) skill must have been maxed out at 8th level.

Now, with 1st level, he only has 40 skill points, which is not enough to upgrade it to 2nd level.

When he was 5th level, he had much fewer skill points, and it was impossible to upgrade the knowledge (mysterious) skill to max level in one go.

This would delay his promotion to the next level.

So, he must max out the knowledge (mysterious) skill to 4th level when he's 1st level.

However, each time he upgrades a level, the reading requirements will increase accordingly.

Zhao Xu thought to himself, "I'm going crazy, I don't have enough 'reading magic' to spare."

He had a hungry mind, but the time available for dictionary learning was limited.

Not to mention that he had already surpassed his peers in terms of magical abilities.

"Teacher, take a look at my situation," Zhao Xu asked An Ti Niya. "I want to read a lot, but without the boost of 'reading magic', it's impossible."

"I have a better idea," Zhao Xu asked hopefully.

"That's a good suggestion," An Ti Niya agreed.

Zhao Xu was overjoyed, but he still asked cautiously, "Teacher, does the fixation of magic require a change of environment? Is it too crowded here?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"Environment? We'll talk about it later, who knows now?" "Later?" "How did you, who hasn't even reached level 9, master the level 5 magic spell 'Magic Constant'?"

Zhaoxu was taken aback and thought back to his previous words.

He quickly realized that Anxinyue was asking him to give himself a task.

Zhaoxu was left speechless at the spot.

If he could use the "Magic Constant" spell himself, would he still need to ask Anxinyue for help?

At this moment, Anxinyue looked like she was completely absorbed in her book, and it seemed unlikely that she would let him get away with it.

Otherwise, Zhaoxu would be begging for another "Magic Constant" spell tomorrow.

"However, if you're really serious about this, I can fulfill your wish."

"Joining the organization always comes with some perks from the organization. After all, players like you don't need to worry about food and water, and the Ane stone is actually quite valuable to you."

Zhaoxu's expression turned cold, and his eyebrows twitched slightly.

"Teacher, can I exchange for a reward that can help me with reading magic when I'm not enough?"

"This can be done. However, there's a condition. The reward can only be borrowed from me, and if you can't meet the condition, I'll take it back."

He can exchange a 4000GP Ane stone for an unknown reward with unlimited rental power, and there's a requirement.

But it's not a big deal, as he wouldn't dare sell the original Ane stone anyway.

The only requirement is to meet the other party's condition.

"What kind of condition is it?" Zhaoxu asked.

"I require all four skills: knowledge (mysterious), knowledge (religions), magic identification, and focus to be fully mastered."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Okay."

Zhao Xu gave a decisive answer.

No matter how difficult the requirements are, I'll agree first and then give feedback later if there are any issues.

A spherical, orange-colored stone suddenly flew towards Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu caught it with his bare hands and examined it carefully. This version of the Ahern stone was unfamiliar to him, could it solve the problem of not having enough time to read magic?

As he thought, he took out the original transparent Ahern stone from his pocket and gave it back to Anniya.

"You can take it. Hold onto it for a while, then release it."

Zhao Xu nodded and did as Anniya instructed him.

Just then, the orange-colored stone that was originally lying in his palm suddenly shot up into the air.

As if it had received gravitational constraint, it flew towards his head.

Just as the Ahern stone was about to streak across the sky, the mysterious force continued to pull it back.

In this way, the Ahern stone flew back and forth several times before finally stabilizing its trajectory and circling around his head.

"This Ahern stone increases the level of 1st-level spellcasters by one level."

"In the future, your 'reading magic' time will be 20 minutes, and super magic will be 40 minutes, which is enough."