
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 616: What do you want to learn?

At this moment, the wooden sword was pointed at Zhao Xu's forehead.
It also made him realize once again that all his strength was built on magic.
Other people wanted to hit him, but the first hurdle was to overcome his intuitive magic defense, such as the "Wings of Protection" type.
The second hurdle was to hit the real Zhao Xu, who was under the influence of the "High-Level Flash Technique" and could control time between the physical world and the spiritual realm, even avoiding damage for a full cycle. Even if he couldn't control others, there was only a 50% chance of hitting him.
The third hurdle was to penetrate his physical defense, which had multiple layers. Even if the opponent used his lifetime peak sword, Zhao Xu still had the opportunity to make a wave of adjustments and make the opponent miss by a hair's breadth.
The fourth hurdle was to break through the final barrier - the Starlight Cloak that could reflect and avoid physical damage.
However, in this special "Demon King Device," magic was like a "sandcastle" in the air, which was instantly washed away by the flood.
Without any magical protection, Zhao Xu felt for the first time how weak he was, like an ordinary person who would die if injured.
The four hurdles were all nullified.
This was also the only way for a non-mage to fight a mage - to cut in and instantly activate the "Counter-Magic Field".
Besides this, there was no other way.
"The Final Scroll."
As the old man said this, he shook his head and seemed to be feeling nostalgic.
Here is the translation of the text:

"After Ernest left this world, I had a chance to get his scroll, but I gave it up because if I had taken it, I would have lost the last shred of justification. I was once full of confidence, thinking that magic was not the end of life, and I wanted to create a new world. But this also became a demon in my mind, splitting my spirit.

"Can you touch the final scroll? Are you Anni's disciple? Are you the inheritor of the secret teachings? The one destined by fate?"

The old man's gaze softened, no longer flashing with the sharpness it had before.

"Well, even if he comes back, you can still hold on for a while. After all, you're the hope for his future."

As the old man laughed to himself, "It's good to be a person, not a dog. It's interesting, it's interesting."

Zhao Xun furrowed his brow, wondering who the old man was talking about. It seemed like mockery, but also like self-mockery.

After the terror of being on the brink of death, Zhao Xun's mind also calmed down, realizing he was overthinking things.

If someone could revive his soul, even if it meant giving up his equipment, it would still be a painful loss.

"What's going on with another self that you're afraid of, old master?" Zhao Xun asked.

The old man seemed to understand, that his inner self had two spirits: one as a "great evil person" as a wizard, and the other as the old man in front of him, dressed in a nine-level robe. Even now, he didn't seem like a good person, with a heavy hand.

The old man shook his head, slumped down, and looked at Zhao Xun with a sympathetic gaze.

"Do you know where the most pitiful place of genius is?"

"I know that in an era, there are people more talented than oneself."
Here is the translation of the text:

"No," said the old man with white hair, gazing at the ruins around him, no longer filled with the same enthusiasm he once had. "It's you who realized that compared to the other party, you're actually lowering the level of genius they call you. You can feel that when others call you a genius, it's actually insulting to the other party."

"This is the sorrow of the wizards of our generation and Ernest's time."

"Damn it! This is a fossilized one!"

Zhao Xu was finally shocked.

He didn't think that the old man, representing the wizard Ernest, was actually a wizard from the time of the ancient magic system.

Although his theories at that time were simplified compared to the current advanced magic theory system, it was like a physicist from the early 20th century visiting the 21st century and being amazed by the development of modern physics.

However, if that physicist had been alive from the 20th century and had continued to learn with abundance of energy, it would be different.

At least according to Zhao Xu, Casper, one of the seven giants of the wizard association, was not even in the top 20 in terms of strength within the association, but he was ranked first because he was the oldest wizard, having witnessed the development of magic firsthand.

The establishment of the Nine Swords system was just an opponent's special hobby.

"You're right, you can see this too."

"At that time, I was already a legendary wizard, and unless I gave up all my achievements, I would only be able to see Ernest's footprints left behind for many years."

"So, after the opponent established an empire, I left this world."

"Finally, when I returned to Arthur's time, I had become a dual elite through the 'Soul Splitting Technique' and had cleared a career path, which drove the development of the entire Nine Swords system step by step."
Here is the translation of the text:

As the old man took a step forward, he said, "Your eyes are only filled with shock, with no hint of surprise or doubt."

"Although you are a dual-elite professional, it's not a secret in this world. There are many people who know about it, far more than those who know about the Ironheart's strength. That's why I can sense the aura of magic on your body."

The old man couldn't help but take a step back in surprise.

"Are you also a dual-elite professional?"

"No," he said, and then turned around and took another step back.

"It's still the most tyrannical dual-elite cultivator?"

Just then, Zhao Xu noticed that the white-haired old man's eyes, which had been cloudy, were now shining with tears.

"You're a scholar of the ancient script! You've already become the mirror of Anniya! Besides Ernest and Anniya, who else could form such a combination? How did you find such a miraculous person?"

At this point, the old man looked as if he had gone mad, grasping his own hair as if lost in thought.

"You must have secrets on your body, something that even a legendary mage can't decipher?"

Throughout the process, Zhao Xu didn't know what to say, and could only look at the old man, Win Bu, as he discovered the anomaly and laughed out loud, but then became lost in thought again.

It was as if he had gone mad, dancing with his hands and feet.

"Are you the same too?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but point out.

"Yes, I am the same too."

Suddenly, the old man recovered from his daze, his emotions extremely unstable, with waves of ups and downs.

"How funny, I've always wanted to escape from Ernest's shadow, but in the end, I became his shadow myself."
Here is the translation of the text:

"'Even I have obtained the potential points, but he has already left this world, where can I surpass him now?' Wuying Bu said, frustratedly grabbing his head, 'No matter what, I can't master all the magical arts like Ernest. This must be the secret of the 11-ring and 12-ring magical arts, I know, I know...'

'You're not crazy, you don't have a split personality,'

Suddenly, Zhao Xu looked as if he had seen through everything and pointed out, 'The other magical persona you mentioned is just your imagination, you're still you.'

Wuying Bu's eyes, which had been scrunched up in frustration, suddenly became sharp and menacing. 'Why do you want to reveal this?' he asked.

At this moment, Wuying Bu's eyes became even more piercing and menacing. 'Over the years, dozens of young people like you have come to me, full of hope. They all played this game with me, and some even became addicted. In the end, they all became my puppets.'

As he spoke, Wuying Bu pointed upwards. The mysterious darkness that had been impossible to penetrate suddenly dissipated, revealing the true scene above. Dozens to hundreds of cocoons hung from above, each with two legs dangling outside.

'Some young people have been deceiving me, making me teach them advanced knowledge; others have vowed to avenge me. But from start to finish, none of them have been as indifferent as you.'

As he spoke, Wuying Bu stood up, his body straight and stiff like a cypress tree. 'Magicians, dual geniuses, scholars of the ancient tomes, creators of super magic, ultimate artifacts, potential points, and curse-protecting sages... It's no wonder they didn't seek my help.'"
Here is the translation of the text:

"You're carrying too many things on your back, and you still want to take on the Nine Swords?"

Just as the words left his lips, the old man quickly covered his face with his hand, saying, "Not if that's the case, then it's possible that you might really be able to defeat Ernest."

"I'm unable to defeat him, but my perfect student was able to defeat him. Even if I wouldn't do it myself, it's still a very good thing."

"That's right, I'm just so talented, I was able to come up with such a clever plan, and it's impossible for someone who can't even find a trace of themselves in the river of fate to target Ernest from a perspective of fate, no matter how powerful he is. He can't even include these pieces that have jumped out of the chessboard in his calculations."

At this moment, the old man's tone was gradually rising, as if he had found the true meaning of life once again. The setbacks he had suffered earlier were no longer worth mentioning.

Even Zhao Xuan pointed out that he was pretending to be crazy, but he didn't seem to care at all.

Everything was returning to normal in this instant.

Zhao Xuan felt that the environment around him was silently changing, like a history that had unfolded over thousands of years. The stone blocks on the wall were quietly falling away.

The old man's outer shell was also slowly peeling off, revealing a faint glow that was hard to look at.

The old man looked at Zhao Xuan with a benevolent gaze, saying, "Go ahead, what do you want to learn? I can help you."