
Chapter 651: The Original Magical Web, the Secret of the Curse Fire

"'Curse Fire?'"

At this moment, Zhao Xu was activating the energy of this "Silver Fire" within his palm, as if he was the candle flame and the silver-white light was swirling around him.

Subtly, he even seemed to have heard someone mention his name.

This familiar feeling had first occurred when he obtained the "Soul Fragment of Death God".

Whenever someone mentioned his name, he could effortlessly listen to the next half-sentence.

At that time, Zhao Xu had not ignited the divine fire, and he was unable to handle such a situation, so he directly passed it on to Lark for processing and shielding.

From that moment on, Zhao Xu gradually drifted apart from the "Soul Fragment of Death God".

This was also the reason why Zhao Xu was unaware of any incidents involving the two of them, and even what Zheng Xin'an had left behind was unknown to him.

Unexpectedly, Zhao Xu once again heard a similar "call" in this moment.

However, upon careful analysis, Zhao Xu quickly discovered that this "summon" was limited to the range of this tower and did not cover the entire wilderness or even the entire Arthurian region.

It was not as exaggerated as the "Soul Fragment of Death God" from before.

Anzhi also noticed Zhao Xu's unusual behavior.

"Oh?"

"You seem to have mastered the power of the Silver Fire, and you've even grasped the ability to sense the presence of the Silver Fire?"

Zhao Xu nodded slightly.

"The gods can see, hear, touch, and smell everything within a certain range based on their own divine level."

Zhao Xu's eyes widened in an instant, realizing the exaggeration.

Completely unaffected by laws!
Here is the translation of the text:

They are ordinary people, with a visual range of the farthest, but they will become blurry at a distance of several hundred meters. Their auditory range drops to around tens of meters. As for tactile sense, it's only within a radius of one meter, limited to the area that can be reached by their hands.

Isn't this implying that these gods can launch a non-contact attack from a distance of tens of thousands of meters, directly outputting damage to all points of the area?

"Furthermore, they can sense any believer, saint, or related matter within a radius of a few kilometers, including the mention of their name, and maintain this sense for an hour. Additionally, the gods can extend their sense to areas with a godly level of power, or block the sense of lower-level powers."

Ah, I see!

It's no wonder that the gods need believers to pray to them. For example, each time the believer of the goddess Sylvia prays to her name, the goddess can pinpoint the believer's surroundings within a range of nearly 20 kilometers, as well as all events that occur within the next hour. Each time the name is recited, it's equivalent to a one-hour, wide-range radar scan!

As the number of "believers" increases, it's no wonder that the gods' sense of omniscience and omnipotence is almost absolute.

That's why many wizards advise their apprentices not to mention the gods' names lightly, nor should they mention the names of powerful leaders of hell and the underworld.

Just mentioning it will attract direct attention.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The power of silver fire can also make you feel a similar kind of power. However, it is definitely weaker and can only allow you to sense who is calling you and the next sentence. It won't cause too much burden, and you might not even notice it if you don't actively listen. Many researchers suspect that the supernatural ability granted by the goddess to her chosen ones is part of the goddess herself."

"Because he is not one of the goddess's chosen ones, he cannot use 'silver fire' even if he tries to imitate it," Anzhiya summarized.

Zhao Xu at this time also felt that most of the people who mentioned his name were praising and admiring him, with a few exceptions.

"Isn't that the kind of gossip that people would whisper about him behind his back?"

The power of silver fire is so great that it has surpassed the goddess's own direct magical energy.

As he felt the warmth of this transmitted power, Zhao Xu became even more fond of activating the silver fire.

At this moment, Anzhiya finally nodded, but her expression was sarcastic.

She directly walked to the nearby stone table and sat down lightly, then turned to face Zhao Xu.

"Do you know about the other kind of fire in the wizard's advancement?"

"Is it the 'primordial fire'?" Zhao Xu responded quickly.

Initially, at the Morlin Stele, he had learned about various "advancements" in the wizard's profession.

One of the advancements had spread widely, and even the name of the advancement had changed the title of the wizard - the "Grand Wizard"!

This advancement was publicly recognized by the wizard's association and could be applied for as long as the prerequisites were met.

Each level of this profession had "higher arcane abilities," and each level did not disappoint. However, Zhao Xu had never considered it.

One reason was that the advancement required knowledge of (mysteries) and magical identification, both of which required a minimum of 15 levels, while the character's level was only 12.
Here is the translation of the text:

On the other hand, it is necessary to master three pre-set specialties, specializing in skills (magic recognition) and two different schools of magic.

Even more impressive is that one must be able to cast seven-ring magic and master five-ring magic from five different schools.

Generally, mages will first advance to the "School Master" level, satisfying a specialization in magic and acquiring a skill specialization (magic representation) reward, and will not suffer a disadvantage.

Otherwise, the three pre-set specialties, even Zhao Xu, will feel overwhelmed.

High-ranking mages have only five levels, and each level can choose one "Advanced Magical Ability".

These are magical manipulation, countermagic control, elemental control, shaping control, magical power, class magical power, and inferno!

Each time you choose an ability, you must sacrifice one corresponding spell slot, and they are all five-ring starting spells.

From then on, you cannot use the sacrificed spell slot, and it is also a painful thing for mages who have only a few spell slots at each circle.

For example, sacrificing a five-ring spell slot for "Magical Power" can increase the effective casting level by one level, just like Zhao Xu's orange-yellow Ayn stone.

Sacrificing a five-ring spell slot for "Class Magic Ability" will permanently convert an empty spell slot into a fixed "Class Magic" that can be used twice a day.

As for "Inferno", it requires sacrificing a nine-ring spell slot, and from then on, any prepared magic can be converted into inferno, which will be a raw magical energy beam with a range of over 100 meters and causing X times 1-6 damage (Xd6, X = High Mage level + circle number).

At first glance, Zhao Xu's choice of ability and any way to upgrade the casting level seem to be able to match the three high-ranking mages' advanced magical abilities.
Here is the translation of the text:

This is also the premise of countless mages complaining that there are too many prerequisites, but the rewards are too few, and even more so when they have to sacrifice their spell slots.

When mages can actually level up, they still rush to choose without hesitation.

In fact, because there are too many mages leveling up to "Great Mage", many ordinary civilians mistakenly believe that "Great Mage" is a strong mage title.

Compared with the current level of Zhao Xu, these leveling up seem to have a lot more substance.

Even the "Curse Shielder" who needs to part-time as a cleric can beat up on the leveling up of "Great Mage".

Instantly, Anzhi Noya's hands released a red-colored spell energy arrow without hesitation, and it brushed against Zhao Xu's arm as it passed.

Zhao Xu was too slow to react.

"This is Aurum, do you sense its energy characteristics just now?" Anzhi Noya explained.

But looking at Zhao Xu's astonished expression, she thought the other party was still unclear and shook her head, "How stupid, you look again."

As she spoke, she continued to gather "Aurum" in front of Zhao Xu, condensing the extremely pure spell ability and releasing its residual energy.

"Teacher?"

At this moment, Zhao Xu was not surprised by Anzhi Noya's sudden attack.

Rather, the other party had actually leveled up to "Great Mage"?

How ridiculous is that?

"You're strange that I leveled up as a Great Mage?" Anzhi Noya quickly reacted to Zhao Xu's intention.

"Yes, it's indeed three specializations,"

Specialization is specifically designed to enhance 3-level skills, while spell recognition is crucial for mages, and piling up doesn't necessarily mean it's useless.

However, spell specialization is designated to correspond to a specific school of thought, increasing the difficulty of avoiding by 1 level.

By the time, a mage's spell avoidance difficulty has already caught up with the monster's own increasing avoidance value.
Here is the translation of the text:

It's no longer easy for a spell to take effect, and many things are more dependent on probability. Otherwise, the "Death's Finger" spell of the Seven Rings would be unstoppable, allowing a wizard to kill any living being without immunity.

Therefore, specializing in a spell is basically a waste of time. Generally, wizards will choose a specialization because it is a prerequisite for the "Master of the School" profession, and through this profession, they can acquire skills and specialize in a specific area. Later, they can learn another school's specialization and smoothly advance to the title of Grand Wizard.

"Ah, summer solstice," Anniya said with a bad temper.

"I'm a double elite profession, with a total of 70 levels of profession levels, excluding the initial 5 levels of each of the two lines. Later, I need to arrange for 60 levels of advancement. Can you recommend something for me?"

"But it's too wasteful for a Grand Wizard to specialize," Zhao Xu said.

Anniya shook her head.

Although a Grand Wizard is not a powerful advancement, it requires the "Counter Spell Mastery" spell, which can reflect spells back to the opponent, treating him as he treated others. This may be difficult for others, but for me, with a specialization chain of counter spells, it's not bad.

"And the Art of the Hand can be used to touch spells on living beings within a 10-meter radius, aligning with the spells you've learned. It's equivalent to saving a specialization. Shape Control can switch between various shapes such as 'explosion', 'cone', 'pillar', 'diffusion', and 'dispersion', and even artificially create areas that are not affected by the spell, avoiding attacks on teammates, which is not bad."
Here is the translation:

Listening to Anneth's words, Zhao Xu also vaguely sensed that the "Great Sage" also had its advantages.

"As for your concerns about specialization, it's not a problem for me at all. In summer, I'm not like you, oh."

At this point, Anneth's tone became increasingly arrogant.

"For example, a defect specialization can choose two. However, as for us, these divine beings who can exchange defects for specializations before major disasters, it's one defect per five levels. I currently have eight defect specializations."

"On the other hand, the 'Steel Will' specialization you obtained in the land of the condemned is similar to this method. I mentioned to Arthur that there are several other places like this."

"This allows us to obtain six specializations: skill specialization (religion), dexterous fingers, lucky specialization, skill specialization (climbing), skill specialization (performance), and dragon vein specialization. I have also replaced these six specializations with chaotic dual washes."

At this point, Zhao Xu could only open his mouth and stare, with eight defects, seven Steel Will specializations, and a total of 15 specializations.

Ordinary people would have seven specializations by the time they reach level 20, with the rest being occupational rewards. Later, they would also obtain legendary specializations.

However, Anneth's ordinary specializations added up to 22.

"It's impossible to compare with you," Zhao Xu couldn't help but sigh.

"Ah, you should slow down and wait in line. These reward specializations are mostly only available every few years," Anneth smiled. "Even some of them are ones I've dug up myself. If you can master the curse fire, I might consider letting you cut in line."
Here is the translation of the text:

As she spoke, she straightened up and said, "Can you tell the difference between 'Aurora Fire' and 'Silver Fire' based on what I've shown you?"

At this moment, Zhao Xu also slightly lowered his head and walked up to carefully observe the energy arrow condensed in Anzhi Noya's hand.

"Aurora Fire is essentially selecting one of the astral, restoring it to its original, unprocessed magical energy. Compared to casting a spell, it's more about triggering various magical energies to achieve a spell effect indirectly."

"One 13th-level mage/5th-level grand mage, casting the six-ring separation spell, deals 36-216 (36d6) damage, while the six-ring Aurora Fire deals 11-66 (11d6) damage, which is significantly less than the damage of the Aurora Fire. However, it doesn't require mitigation and spell resistance."

At this moment, Zhao Xu seemed to be an old scholar, stroking his chin in thought.

"In comparison to before, Silver Fire is undoubtedly more advanced, which means they have different levels of energy."

Instantly, Zhao Xu's thoughts were in turmoil.

"Aurora Fire is the energy that mages extract from the magical network and inject into themselves after transformation."

"Silver Fire is the energy that the goddess extracts from the magical network and injects into herself after transformation."

Zhao Xu's eyes seemed to carry a hint of realization.

This is also why Silver Fire is imbued with divine power, allowing him to hear someone calling his name.

"Well, it seems you've understood the difference here."

Anzhi Noya nodded satisfied at this moment.

"Silver Fire is the ability granted by the goddess Sylvana to her chosen ones and some of those who are under her favor."

"Curse Fire, on the other hand, is the original ability of the magical network, which is a rare and precious gift above Silver Fire. Only a few people in each generation master this energy."

"Silver Fire is the key to the final scroll."

Note: The translation is in Simplified Chinese.
"The incantation fire is also a key."