
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 662: Explosive Killing

As the opposing sides engaged in a magical battle, the old sage-like appearance of the two parties was unchanging, with no signs of concern about Zhao Xu's ability to overcome his opponent.

At this point, both sides began to realize that their opponents were not to be underestimated.

One of the more frightening aspects was each other's "hidden cards".

The most direct approach was to use the "Trigger Spell" as the core method.

The Trigger Spell itself required the simultaneous casting of accompanying spells when casting, with the number of loops limited to one-third of the caster's level, with a maximum of six loops.

When the trigger conditions were clear, the triggered spell would automatically release when a general event or a specific effect occurred.

At this time, it was possible that it would become a crucial factor in determining the balance of victory.

Although Zhao Xu did not see the ivory carving on the other side that was necessary to activate the Trigger Spell (1500 gold coins), the alchemist who relied on the power of the evil god could use sacrifices to obtain blessings.

As a result, the "Reverse" spell that had just been cast on him had given him a harsh lesson.

At the time, Zhao Xu was still paired with the twin effect.

In other words, he had received the influence of the "Weak-Mindedness" spell twice, and if he had not discarded the spell that granted immunity, it was likely that a single spell would be enough to sink him.

Therefore, Zhao Xu's second move was to use the five-loop "Thief's Law", which immediately took effect without requiring exception or magical resistance.

The spell could generate a whirlwind of magic, tightly grasping the opponent's spell and tearing it away to wrap it around himself.
Here is the translation of the text:

It instantly reveals to Zhao Xu the various magical effects affecting the other party's body, including specific effects. Zhao Xu also needs to make a similar judgment to dispel the magic. The result of his judgment - 1D20 + the caster's level (up to a maximum of 15) - must be greater than the corresponding difficulty (11 + the opponent's caster level) to successfully dispel the magic. Therefore, it is essentially a contest between the caster levels of the two parties. The difference is that Zhao Xu, as the active party, can add up to 15 levels, and then add the specific 1-20 level performance result. The opponent, on the other hand, is fixed at the caster level and adds 11 levels, theoretically giving higher-level mages a more advantageous position. However, Zhao Xu just made his move, and due to the poor performance result of his 1-20 level performance, coupled with his caster level being suppressed to 15, he failed to dispel the magic. However, this action also raised the opponent's suspicion. Because Zhao Xu had already cast several five-ring spells in just a few rounds, which was somewhat unexpected for this alchemist. Especially after the "Spell Nullification Barrier" was dispelled, it was a complete loss of initiative. Therefore, this alchemist directly cast a three-ring "Spell Dispel" at Zhao Xu. If Arthur's spell is a shield, then "Spell Dispel" is undoubtedly a crucial part of it. It can dispel the effects of most spells. Many times, adventurers can only rely on "Spell Dispel" to deal with magical barriers and buffs on enemies. Even many mages prepare "Spell Dispel" as a necessary spell or a key spell that is not too much to prepare. Sometimes, if they don't know what spell to cast, they can simply cast "Spell Dispel" and will not make a big mistake.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even a six-ring can use the "Higher Dispelling Spell", and a seven-ring can use the "Instant Dispelling Spell", which is a common tactic.

This is also a reason why the "Divine Avenger" can release the "Higher Dispelling Spell" once per round, making it a sacred warrior's artifact.

Dispelling spells have three effects in essence: target-type dispelling, area-type dispelling, and counter spell.

Target-type dispelling is like Zhao Xu's recent theft of magic, with a challenge of 1D20 + level against an enemy's 11 + level.

The difference is that the caster's level limit is 10 in this case.

So, even if the caster has a level of 20, the difficulty of dispelling is only up to 30. If the enemy caster has a level of 20, the difficulty of dispelling is 31, making it impossible to dispel.

Zhao Xu, with a caster level of 33, has a dispelling difficulty of 44.

Even if a nine-ring mage casts the spell personally, it is impossible to dispel.

The "Higher Dispelling Spell" of a six-ring has the same effect, but the caster's level limit is raised to 20.

In other words, the spell can dispel up to a difficulty of 20 + 20 = 40, and is equally ineffective against Zhao Xu's own spells with a dispelling difficulty of 44.

From the beginning, Zhao Xu is not afraid of anyone's "Dispelling Spell" or "Higher Dispelling Spell".

Similarly, relying on "Dispelling Spell" to counter spells is equally ineffective against Zhao Xu.

The only risk is that dispelling spells can be used on items, which can suppress effects for 1-4 rounds, making it slightly worrying.
At this moment, the "Ling Bi" in front of Zhao Xu is a massive barrier between the two, and the deformed man on the other side dare not launch a sudden attack, fearing to leave his own "boundary" protection. He can only use the dispel spell to counter his "Ling Bi".

Naturally, the only effect brought by the dispel spell is a light-like "nothingness" that falls on the Ling Bi, emitting a beam of light that disappears without a trace.

"What?" The deformed mage couldn't help but reveal a profound gaze.

It seems that he didn't expect his previously confident "dispel spell" to suddenly fail to take effect, let alone have no chance of success.

This allowed him to glimpse Zhao Xu's true strength, which was like an iceberg.

"Your spellcasting level is beyond my imagination," the deformed man coughed and sighed, gazing at the rotating Aen stones on Zhao Xu's forehead, unable to help but sigh.

"It seems that one of them is the legendary Aen stone that can increase the spellcasting level of a mage, truly enviable."

Even his gaze was still scanning Zhao Xu's body, trying to find the mark of magical tattoos.

Generally, mages can only choose one higher-level magical ability for each level-up.

For example, a high-level mage can choose one of the high-level magical abilities, which is to increase the spellcasting level by one level.

Arthur's magical power is also closely related to the spellcasting level.

Therefore, countless mages know that they must strive to improve their spellcasting level, but no matter how hard they think, they can't find a suitable resource to choose from, just like trying to get a promotion and raise.

Even Zhao Xu relied on the "Decay Domain" bug-level spell to turn the tables and brush his strength and spellcasting level to the sky.

When the other side lost his composure and admired his strength, Zhao Xu didn't pause for a moment.

When it comes to brushing defensive spells, he, with infinite loops, is truly fearless.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhaoxu stretched his hand into the side pocket of his backpack, following his thoughts, and directly pulled out a handful of dirt - from the tomb of a wizard.

It wasn't that he had a fondness for robbing graves, but rather that various magical materials were needed for his spells, which were quite unusual.

Zhaoxu decided to take precautions and didn't simulate the "Spellcasting without Materials" specialty using his latent potential points, so he had to honestly gather the spell materials worth less than 1 gold coin.

The warm, radiant light of the protective spell again illuminated the scene - Twin Spells!

Spellcasting Level Up (Simulated Latent Potential Points)!

"Refute Demonic Defense!"

This five-ring spell directly created an invisible barrier, perfectly overlapping with the "Spirit Jewel" spell that Zhaoxu had just cast.

Zhaoxu considered the opponent's method of dispelling the spell, so he still used the twin effect, casting the same barrier twice at once.

Even if the opponent could create a miracle to dispel his spell, it would still take two consecutive dispellings.

"Refute Demonic Defense" is a spell that targets magic.

The barrier created by Zhaoxu's spell can prohibit any unauthorized spellcaster or biological entity with similar magical abilities from entering.

As long as the opponent's willpower check fails, they will stop in front of this intangible obstacle.

At the same time, the biological entity's magical abilities will increase the difficulty of their own spells, such as a five-ring spell increasing the difficulty by five levels, combined with Zhaoxu's spellcasting level increase, making it unstoppable.

The "Spirit Jewel" cannot block biological entities, but external magical attacks cannot come in.

"Refute Demonic Defense" cannot block spells, but external spellcasters cannot come in.

When combined with "Spirit Jewel", the two become a formidable "Invincible Technique" for spellcasters.
Here is the translation of the text:

The only weakness was that the opponent had managed to break through the mental shield and sneak in. The "Rubber Ball" of the Four Rings, in essence, had immunized itself against all damage, but it also blocked Zhao Xu's attacks from inside out. However, the "Pearl of Spirit" + "Magical Shield" did not have this concern. In reality, considering that they were going to venture into the depths, the demons there were basically all equipped with level 17 or 18 magical abilities. Therefore, "Magical Shield" had extremely strong targeted effects. As a result, it was included in Zhao Xu's essential list from the beginning, and it unexpectedly came in handy here.

The deformed man looked at Zhao Xu and frowned, saying, "Your five-ring magic, relying entirely on incantation without using items, is a bit excessive." Zhao Xu just smiled lightly.

The next moment, he began to formally lift his hand, continuing to prepare for the opponent---

Three Holy Magical Spells!

Spell Level Up!

Spell Extreme Effect!

Spell Twin Birth!

The Fairness Hammer!

This spell was elevated by Zhao Xu to level nine, directly bypassing the "Spell Nullification Barrier" and transforming into a giant war hammer composed of positive energy. Instantly, it appeared before Zhao Xu's eyes and was hurled towards the designated target within the spell's range, hitting the opponent without missing.

This force spell can strike a spirit target.

Therefore, even if the opponent was under the enhancement of "High-Speed Flash" magic, it would still be 100% hit and cause real damage.

As a mage, his own life value would not be too high, which is also the reason for the "Nine-Ring Law of Death", which can only target enemies with life values below 150 HP and pose a slight threat to the mage.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu's Righteous Hammer, relying on its special attribute, inflicts 1-8 points of damage per layer, with a maximum of 8 points, and then doubled to 16 points through its innate ability. Adding the 33rd-level spellcaster's level, it becomes 528 points of damage.

Moreover, this spell targets the opponent's fortification, even if successful, it will still receive half the damage.

At the same time, he has prepared "Protection" and other defensive spells, ready to be used at any moment.

As the hammer shot out, it instantly penetrated the body of the opponent, a burst of pure energy illuminating the entire cave space.

The intense pure energy, like a divine judgment from the heavens, directly killed all the evil in the world without leaving any room for escape.

There was no avoidance?

Zhao Xu had initially thought that the opponent might have a special way to avoid it, and was preparing his next move.

But unexpectedly, he so easily achieved his goal, like a knockout punch.

It seemed that all his initial caution and vigilance were unnecessary, as if he had simply assumed the opponent's strength.

However, he did not relax his vigilance, carefully observing the situation ahead, with his defensive spells ready to be used at any moment.

The light dissipated.

The strange man's body shook slightly, his entire torso exposed, with a row of fresh wounds visible, his clothes completely burned off by the pure energy.

Even the maggots that had been burrowing into his old wounds were killed by the pure energy, making the wounds appear normal again.

The pollutant smiled cruelly at Zhao Xu, "What a shame, you can't kill me in this space."

"Because I have been protected here."

"A protection that you cannot understand or comprehend."
As he spoke, he began to sway and wobble in preparation to leave the area where the spell was ineffective, walking towards Zhao Xuan.

Despite suffering more than a hundred injuries, he did not flinch.

Arthur's life force was never going to fall from the sky.

The amount of healing may be able to create miracles, but the inherent value of life is what it is.

It will only be linked to life dice and physique.

Looking at the deformed man's emaciated appearance in front of him, although it is related to corruption, his physique itself will not be high.

Why is that?

Zhao Xuan noticed that the other party's pace was staggering, as if they had been cursed, and their actions were much slower than others, yet they were still determined to take a step towards him.

Zhao Xuan also gritted his teeth and bit down again!

Spell upgrade! Extremely effective spell! Spell duplication! Justice Hammer!

Historical repeat, two beams of intense light flashed and struck the deformed chemist, but he still shook for several seconds and did not die immediately.

During the brief time Zhao Xuan wasted in repeating the spell, the chemist had already infiltrated Zhao Xuan's "Refusal Guardian", and it was clear that the other party's will was also terrifying.

"Disintegration!"

The next second, a flash of deathly light enveloped Zhao Xuan's face, a death intention that could sever all things and instantly destroy everything, capable of causing Zhao Xuan's physical body to shatter into pieces.

But Zhao Xuan did not hesitate at all, and immediately played his trump card.

"The Wings of Protection."

In an instant, the two forces cancelled each other out, and the Wings of Protection firmly executed its final effect, neutralizing the effects of the six-ring disintegration spell.
However, the next second, Zhao Xu suddenly realized that this deformed man had already walked up in front of him, and he had snapped the powerful wand he was holding in half!