
Here is the translation:

Chapter 670: Wilderness Survival Master

"Why?" Zheng Xin-yuan looked up at Zhao Xu with a puzzled expression.

This sudden interruption broke the somewhat stern atmosphere of the small team, and several people who had been looking at the experienced LSP couldn't help but burst into laughter.

"...this?"

As someone who was familiar with the three major low-level races, including goblins, goblins, and beastmen, Zhao Xu had a look of perturbation on his face. Loss of memory made him seem a bit foolish and lacking in emotional intelligence.

It seemed that he had really come at the right time.

Originally, everyone had been summoned to Arthur's projection state without any risk, and it was impossible to lose one's life. However, things changed after crossing over. Zhao Xu wasn't a person who could constantly keep an eye on everyone.

Once they were in the deep abyss, if they really attracted the attention of the gods, even Anzhi Noya might not be able to guarantee their safety.

So Zhao Xu also wanted to ensure that Zheng Xin-yuan had a certain level of self-preservation ability, especially in terms of experience.

Patrol guest Laoren smiled warmly and said, "Little sister, it's just to make these monsters into concubines."

Zheng Xin-yuan's face turned bright red as she realized what kind of hostage this was.

Zhao Xu also added, "However, there are also those who sell these monster races to the food-eating monsters, who have a concept of storing food."

As the atmosphere shifted towards hunting, Zheng Xin-yuan felt a chill run down her spine, looking at the others' expectant expressions. She immediately added, "Commander, are there other monster races we should be aware of?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"This is more natural, for example, the most common insects in the wild are small, hard-shelled, and toxic, but they are not too threatening. Fortunately, they are not too aggressive and can be dealt with by being strong. However, due to women's natural sensitivity to small reptiles, Zheng Xin allowed his anxiety to get the better of him, saying, 'Can't we do something about it?'

Zhao Xiu looked at the wilderness, where the trees had been felled and taken away for firewood. Suddenly, the landscape looked desolate, and they could see the distant hills. Their vision had improved, and it was easier for them to spot monsters at night.

'When setting up camp, the most common monsters we'll encounter at night are wolves,' he said. 'They're good at tripping people, and even if they're not strong, it's still a fatal mistake to underestimate them.' He glanced at the leader, Kuang, and warned, 'The greatest fear is falling down. If we fall, even a fully armored warrior or priest can't withstand multiple bites.'

The others rubbed their necks, imagining the scene. They knew that if they couldn't harvest anything, they'd have to spend the night.

'In this situation, warriors or priests with full armor are safer. If you haven't mastered the art of flowing attacks, you can only rely on brute force to deal damage. Barbarians can also use their strength to quickly defeat the wolves. However, there's no need to charge forward, as it would be counterproductive to lower our defenses.'

The group understood that the wolves' threat to them was greater at night. These professional adventurers knew that ordinary civilians who ventured out would likely suffer a tragic fate."
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's getting late, shall we set up a few campfires?" The scout in front didn't start talking smoothly, biting his teeth and saying so.

Just a moment ago, they had encountered wolf droppings on the ground, but luckily, the forester in their team told him what it was, so he didn't lick it to see what it was.

"Master, it seems you have good geographic knowledge. Do you know if there are magical creatures in the nearby low-level monsters?" The forester, Lao Ji, suddenly asked.

Zhao Xu smiled slightly, then said, "Of course."

"For example, there is a 1st-level magical beast called 'Shadow Monster' near here. The common name is Ba Tou Gui. Its attacking feature is to use its tentacles to grab the prey's head and suffocate it. After failing, it will often fly up and perform a head attack."

"These creatures have supernatural abilities of dark magic, so if you're suddenly plunged into darkness during the day, don't panic. These creatures' powers are not high, and we can easily take them down by hugging and pinning them to the ground."

At this point, everyone could imagine that if they didn't pay attention to these monsters, they would definitely be beaten to a pulp.

Especially, these "Ba Tou" attacks are unheard of.

Zhao Xu also got excited and went on to talk about other monsters that 1st-level players might encounter.

"There are also earth elementals, wolfmen, and bear elementals, and some players have been reborn after encountering them, all of which are militarized species. As long as there is a strong commander in the team, the collective combat ability is extremely strong."

"They know how to advance and retreat and coordinate with each other in battle, and the tactics they set up are no worse than those of humans."

Zhao Xu stopped talking and looked around, and everyone was curious, "What's the strategy?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xū also could only shake his head and smile wryly. These three military species are even more difficult to deal with compared to the ones mentioned earlier, the goblin, troll, and orc. They are also a few monsters with the ability to attack the current earth zone. The town where Zhao Xū lived in the past was mainly designed to defend against such military species' invasions.

"These species can also give birth, and once they appear, they will use a human wave tactic. In most cases, the players will not have enough lives to consume, and it's up to the spellcasters in the team to see how many 'Rainbow Sprays' and 'Sleep Spells' they have," someone said.

The group's faces turned pale at this. The law wizard, who was their companion, had only a few first-level spells. Even if they were all level 1-3 players, they were still in a precarious situation outdoors.

"Where's the vengeful spirit?" asked the team leader, Ku Kū, suddenly.

His wife, Xīn Lín Jiān, also showed a look of surprise and bitterness, indicating that they had encountered such monsters before. The consequences were obvious.

"These vengeful spirits are the lowest-level undead creatures," Zhao Xū said.

He couldn't help but think of the ghostly wizard they had met before. These undead creatures were extremely troublesome for players.

"Because they have attributes, these undead creatures with attribute damage abilities cannot be defeated by a priest of the same level, so we either all cast a blessing together or split up and run," he said.

Arthur, what a miracle it is to have so many people win the sky.

As he spoke, he gazed at Zheng Xin Yù, who had initially raised an eyebrow when she heard that the iron-plated priest could withstand the wolf's kiss, looking eager to try something.

"Arthur has a military proverb: 'A hundred battles and no old soldiers.'"
Here is the translation of the text:

"In theory, soldiers wearing heavy armor are the most defensive presence on the battlefield, but they are also limited in their mobility due to the weight of the armor, which makes them vulnerable to fleeing and being defeated in a single battle. On the other hand, light infantry are more likely to survive and become old soldiers.

Sometimes, running away is the most important survival skill.

Zheng Xin'an gazed at her own armor, which was the lightest and most agile type, and thought that it would not greatly affect her agility and could even activate her "flying skill" to escape at any time. This was her personal preparation, and she looked at Zhao Xuyu with a bewildered expression.

Zhao Xuyu continued to explain, "As for the undead creatures we encountered in the previous wave of the undead tide, such as the warlocks and bone dragons, we will discuss the lowest-level 'skeletons' and 'undead'."

"These creatures, as undead beings, have the advantage of being heartless and fearless, and are perfect workers, even with reduced damage and ability to reduce harm. They also lose their original toxins or entanglements when they become undead."

"To deal with them, skeletons are best dealt with blunt force, and zombies with slashing attacks. Therefore, a professional warrior should carry enough weapons."

As Zhao Xuyu glanced at the crowd, he pulled out a knife and carried two more, for a total of three weapons.

"As for the handling methods, since they have no intelligence, they are similar to movies, where fire and traps are effective tactics, as they will only attack the nearest target."

"Of course, the undead creatures we encounter may have a hidden commander, and the enemy's intentions may be to use these cannon fodder to consume our main forces, so we need to understand whether the enemy has a plan and use remote attacks to take out the commander."

As the crowd listened to Zhao Xuyu's experience, their gaze also carried a hint of respect."
Here is the translation:

Compared to simply analyzing the stats panels of monsters on the forum, Zhao Xu's remarks are more like the heartfelt words of a seasoned adventurer who has been through many battles.

"What monster is most dangerous to us low-level players?" Zheng Xin'an asked.

As she looked at her armor, she felt a surge of courage, except for naval battles, she felt confident in facing them head-on.

"Grizzly bears," Zhao Xu said.

Grizzly bears, even on Earth, are formidable opponents, with combat power that is not to be underestimated.

"Brown bears, polar bears, and other types are extremely skilled at grappling, and there's almost no chance of survival. Luckily, they usually fight solo, except for the occasional pair."

"If we encounter such a situation, we should give our tank a boost of auxiliary skills, let him wield a large weapon, use public domain skills like 'Bull Strength', 'Furious Attack', 'Rampage', 'Giant Form', and 'Blessing', and strive for high damage output and simultaneous explosions. Let's see who gets killed first."

As the group looked at each other with some skepticism, Zhao Xu smiled and said, "However, in this terrain, the most we'll encounter is a 2nd-level black bear, and they're not very dangerous, unless you threaten their cubs or food source."

"..."

They were actually preparing to do something like that, weren't they?

As soon as Zhao Xu mentioned it, several older players couldn't help but drool.

"However, the possibility of encountering beastmen is higher. I remember there have been records of such cases in our camp."

Zhao Xu analyzed, "Like werewolves, they have the ability to transform, reduce damage, and are quite annoying. But if you're willing to take a risk, you can try to bite them and run away."

"That way, next time you meet up, you'll be their companion."

As the warriors looked at each other with serious expressions, Zhao Xu quickly added, "Just kidding."
Here is the translation of the text:

But to be honest, becoming a beast-person is even more formidable as a fierce beast itself. Ordinary civilians are mere cannon fodder, but after being bitten by a werewolf, they would suddenly become a level 3 challenger. This is absolutely the most cost-effective "template".

Moreover, beast-people have two modes: human and animal forms. However, the key is that once a beast-person gets enraged, they can easily transform into a wild beast. The beastification syndrome can also be transmitted through biting attacks, which would definitely be a destabilizing factor in the community.

Suddenly, a player with sparkling eyes raised his hand and asked, "Mr. Wizard, wouldn't it be instantaneous to become a strong figure in human society if bitten by a tiger-man or bear-man?"

The challenge levels of tiger-men and bear-men are both 5 levels, allowing ordinary civilians to rise to the sky. Zhao Xu smiled slightly and said, "I think you should first ensure that you can survive the bite."

"Tiger-men usually carry big cleavers, while bear-men wield giant axes, and they can easily disembowel ordinary people. You may not be the lucky one, but rather become their next meal," Zhao Xu said.

Just then, the scout at the front of the team let out a loud cry.

Apparently, he had been diligently fulfilling his duty, observing the surroundings, even during their idle chat and joking around.

"There's a non-human footprint here, and the trail hasn't been made recently. It's possible that the opponent is still nearby!" the scout exclaimed urgently.

The team members immediately drew their weapons and cautiously advanced, forming a line and scanning their surroundings. The pale and eerie atmosphere only intensified the team's sense of tension.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhang Xu is leading Yu'er to walk over there, in the forest, and within a three-foot radius of him is the safest place in the world.

As they get closer, in front of everyone, is a giant human-shaped footprint, although the ground is not a rough stone road, but a half-finger-deep indentation that looks like it's been flattened by a car.

"Yu'er, although survival skills are not your profession, it's still very useful in the wild," he said.

"Mastering this skill allows you to track, hunt in the wild, lead a team safely through the wilderness, identify whether there are bears in the area, predict the weather, or avoid natural dangers like sandstorms. Once you reach level 5, it's equivalent to carrying a 'compass'."

"Even a hunter or someone with expertise in tracking can start a pursuit without obvious footprints."

As Zhang Xu described this, everyone couldn't help but glance at the only hunter in the group, Lán Jiě.

As a mother who's seen many storms, Lán Jiě still looked a bit embarrassed and said, "Don't look at me, I'm just a novice, but it feels a bit strong."

Zhang Xu couldn't help but smile too.

As it turns out, many new players are still struggling, and many players only grow up after crossing over.

"To judge a monster, combining knowledge and skill effects will be more effective."

"We can judge the opponent's height to be over three meters, and the weight to be around 600 pounds."

"Giant?" warrior Kūk asked.

However, the category of giants is just as broad as that of humans.

"It should be a man-eater, and it's probably also a barbarian."

Suddenly, a cold wind blew over everyone's backs.