
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 684: Underground Castle! Human Shelter!

"All this?" Allow allowed herself to sink into deep thought, returning to the high school classroom.

She gazed at the demonic souls surrounding her, her eyes filled with a sense of uncertainty, as if she was struggling to find her footing.

Meanwhile, Luo Yu gazed at this region and sighed, "This place is really huge, and it can even accommodate such a large number of demons."

"It's a pity we can't live in this underground castle, otherwise, we could utilize the space above and definitely live more people."

"Yeah, but we wouldn't become immortal...," Zhao Xu agreed.

As he spoke, his eyes widened, and he turned to look at the long corridor behind him, where prisoners from various camps were being held.

What was once a dead-end street now had a faint scent of human hope.

Most of these adventurers were captured over the past two days.

However, there were no corpses that had transformed into immortal beings.

The undead creatures, placed on the barren land, should be well taken care of, focusing on preventing them from suddenly transforming into immortal beings. Some areas even had to constantly hold axes, prepared to deal with patients who were about to deteriorate into immortal beings.

There was no zombie virus, yet it was more terrifying than the zombie virus.

However, in this self-sufficient underground castle, they should be overwhelmed by negative energy, but they were actually enduring, holding on until their rescue arrived.

At this moment, a "guess" kept rising in Zhao Xu's mind, gradually shining brighter.
Here is the translation of the text:

As he entered, he indeed had a strange feeling.

The smartest people's biggest problem is that they tend to fill in the blanks in their minds and then re-explain the entire world using their own rational logic.

1. These cannibalistic tribes believe in the protection of the original gods.
2. These cannibalistic tribes are physically stronger, so they can withstand more.
3. It's uncertain whether frequent wind changes can avoid it.

It can be said that at that time, Zhao Xu had already mentally explained the phenomenon of "existence is reasonable" by himself.
However, he still ignored one point.

The "earth humans" who did not worship the original gods would not become immortal after death.
This is all due to the efforts of the underground city's construction!
As long as something is dead, humans can recreate it.

This "astounding" guess was born in Zhao Xu's mind at that moment, and he couldn't help but think of various guesses and speculations.

At this moment, the rough bricks made of countless yellow sand looked warm and intimate, and it was uncertain whether tomorrow would be his resting place.
It's also a shelter for countless people to escape the impending "apocalyptic" rain outside.

Originally, he had been worried about how long humans could survive after the "food supply" from the Arthurian forces and gods was cut off, especially under the influence of "negative energy", which had brought the entire earth force to its knees.
The previous king, Qingwei, was able to gather the entire force of the human tribe into a single rope.

Apart from the support of the "secret" from Anne's hands.
Here is the translation of the text:

The main point is, after the extinction of most of the human population, the remaining area can sustain the tens of billions of people who have migrated. Or, after filtering out the strongest population, the most devout ones will remain.

If this "underground city" can be replicated, perhaps it will eventually trigger a "wave of spirits" and numerous crises, which can be solved all at once.

At that time, he will only need to worry about food issues.

It's like an originally extremely complex knot, suddenly appearing a clear thread. As long as it's pulled, countless questions can be resolved.

Because the world is fundamentally complex and interconnected, like an unstable triangle, Zhao Xu can only guarantee two ends. To solve one problem, it may lead to another severe problem.

This is the reason he has been struggling.

If it's just a simple "money" issue, Zhao Xu would have long since cried and begged for money from An Tiya's skirt.

Now, Zhao Xu has lost his original arrogance.

He realizes that meeting a good person, building a family, and meeting a noble person, establishing a career, ultimately does not compare to meeting a rich woman and building a career.

So, he decided to cling to the rich woman.

Thinking about this, Zhao Xu clenched his fists, looking back at Ruan Er and Lu Yu, and said:

"I've suddenly made a key discovery. From now on, I'll have to explore this journey alone. It won't have any training effect for you two."

"Then, I'll send you back to the safe area of the camp."

After saying that, Zhao Xu drove the "teleportation technique", grabbing the shoulders of the two people, and with a powerful teleportation energy gathering, enveloping the three of them.
Here is the translation of the text:

After a flash of light, the three bodies disappeared entirely. Meanwhile, the demons some 30 meters away were still engaged in an intense battle, each landing powerful punches on their opponents, and the ground was slowly soaked with their blood.

At least these devils, after being suppressed by the "Dark Light" spell, no longer had the mental clarity to care about what was happening. They could only watch as the others departed.

Just as the blue arc of light had dissipated a few seconds earlier, a bolt of lightning illuminated the area once more, reassembling a body imbued with mystical energy.

It was Zhao Xu.

With the Starry Cloak draped over his shoulders and his hands gripping the authority staff, he gazed coldly at the demons engaged in battle before him.

He had been playing with these level 14 "Devil Judges" for quite some time, teaching them how to fight.

Without any special features, these demons without a profession or level, not even a legend, what right did they have to breathe in front of him?

In an instant, Zhao Xu gripped the "Staff of Law" tightly and drew a mystical symbol in the air, combining perfectly with the incantation gesture.

The three-ring spell "Hammer of Justice" was also gradually gathering its magical energy.

Standard monster, standard treatment.

The next moment, the various professional abilities, potential points, and specialties attached to him began to activate in sequence, as if he were driving a fighter jet, directly operating the entire row of control buttons!

Overwhelming Demon Control!

Mastery of the Spell Chain (Simulation) + Spell Extreme Efficiency + Spell Twinning + Spell Concealment!

After mastering the "Spell Chain" specialty, Zhao Xu became increasingly aware of the immense power of this specialty!
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Especially, it can cast a single-target spell, sacrificing four rings, to increase the screen to full screen, increasing the number of attacking targets to 20, a terrifying number.

Although causing damage, these targets will all suffer from splitting reasons, only receiving the main body's damage, and can also avoid half of the damage through reflection.

However, the Zhao Xu chosen spell has a damage amount that can "match" the current caster's level, reaching 33 levels!

Additionally, due to the enemy being a "demon", each level of damage cap is increased to 8 points.

Thus, after the chain is cast, the damage is still over 500+, even if it's reduced to half. If it's dodged, the damage would be 125+.

At this time, the standard demon's life value is mostly around 175 HP, leaving some room for survival.

However, Zhao Xu just finished this spell, and when he returned, he was holding the "Basic Spell Enhancement Wand" in his hand.

The affordable price of a few thousand gold coins can cast extreme spell effects 1-3 times a day, which is exactly what he needs.

With the "Spell Enhancement" added to the original 125+ damage, it has increased to over 175+.

Instantly, all the demonic judges were struck by the two "Public Justice Hammer" hits and let out a terrifying howl before slowly lying down.

At the same time, the "Maze Demons", "Frenzied Demons", and "Flo Demons" summoned by the original owner had their summoning energy cease after their owner's death.

At this moment, they mostly returned to their original evil mentality, glaring evilly at Zhao Xu, but could only helplessly disappear into a puff of smoke.
Here is the translation of the text:

In essence, the moment Zhao Xu issued the "Ideal Summoning Field", these Judgment Soul Demons began to summon evil spirits to battle with their own supernatural abilities.

Zhao Xu was silently watching from ahead, gazing at the ten or so corpses of Judgment Soul Demons on the ground.

These evil spirits' bodies were all genuine, brought to the "Arthur" dimension using their true bodies, which is why they could so easily summon their abilities.

Unfortunately, these Judgment Soul Demons that had personally descended upon Arthur, including their bodies and essence, would only truly die when their true bodies had died in the bottomless abyss.

This was also the reason why evil spirits dared to stir up trouble on other planes, and were willing to risk death.

Although they had died after Arthur's death, they would revive in the bottomless abyss, but would suffer the "Demotion" penalty, such as transforming into "Furious Battle Demons", "Luring Demons", or "Flower Demons", which were originally their subordinates.

In the end, they would still avoid being completely destroyed.

At this moment, Zhao Xu knelt down and observed the corpses of these evil spirits disappearing.

He had previously fought against a Hellish Refiner in the Death God Temple, and the opponent was a devil.

At that time, Zhao Xu had thoroughly observed how a devil's body would disappear, as if it had been poured with a dissolving agent, slowly bubbling up and turning into a heap of mud.

Finally, he had taken great pains to hide the heap of mud, otherwise he wouldn't have been able to explain how he had managed to kill a legendary "Hellish Refiner" devil.

Now, the simultaneous deaths of over ten Judgment Soul Demons were enough to open Zhao Xu's eyes to a certain extent.

One of the Judgment Soul Demons' heads was still uttering curses in ten or so different languages and tones, while the stiff corpse was simply blinking its eyes, as if an otherworldly power was controlling it.
Here is the translation:

Zhao Xu didn't say a word, but instead walked over and kicked the demon's head, which was covered in a weird, chattering monkey exterior, with a burst of force.

At the same time, another demon emerged from the wound inflicted by the "Sword of Justice", with two bizarre black snakes that started devouring the corpses from both ends.

Zhao Xu didn't know why these "mysterious" black snakes could contain the body of the demon, which was hundreds of times larger than its original size. He immediately swung his long sword and cut off the snake's body, causing the black snakes and the demon's body to disappear simultaneously.

As he walked to another location where the demon was supposed to be, the empty space suddenly opened up a temporal portal, and the enormous gravity sucked in the demon's corpse.

However, Zhao Xu wasn't worried. A dead demon is just a dead demon, and it's not worthy of revenge. Even if it grows up to become a top-level demon, known as the "Balroth Demon", it would still be treated the same way by the Sword of Justice.

If you want to fight Zhao Xu, you need to possess the same magical abilities as him, which are unique to those who have the right to breathe. As for the remaining demons, their deaths were not as creative. Some turned into purple blood foam, while others became a bundle of evil gas or turned into stone statues. Some even slowly transformed into small demon sculptures.

After seeing the bizarre corpses, Zhao Xu suddenly felt that demons were indeed a unique "biological species". But he still furrowed his brow in concern.
Here is the translation of the text:

Just thinking about this underground city, it can be a "refuge" for human beings on earth, and no need to organize a large-scale evacuation to find a way out, which made him excited for a few seconds.

After defeating these demons, an even cruel reality came face to face with him.

Why are there demons here?
The demons and fiends are the only relationship, and they are all evil forces.
The evil demons are fighting each other, especially the judgment demon, who has reached level 14 and still lacks the ability to teleport through the "Otherworld Transmission" spell.

So, they must come through other channels to get to Arthur.
Portal?
Transmission array?
Divine power?
Zhao Xu's mind flashed with a few guesses, but he quickly dismissed them all.

He knows clearly that this desolate land, even if the gods of Arthur jointly seal it, will not be enough, and only those who come from other planes through transmission will reach the edge of this desolate land.
Even the gods are afraid of the demons taking away the souls of the faithful.

This soil is ideal for cultivating fanatics and simultaneously suitable for these demons to harvest souls.

It's strange, Zhao Xu thought, and slowly walked towards the dark corridor ahead.

Tick-tock, tick-tock.

Suddenly, a dripping sound came from his ear.

But there was no stalactite here, and it was unlikely to be the sound of blood dripping from a suspended corpse.

Playing God.

Zhao Xu sneered coldly and turned his head, simultaneously swinging his +5 long sword with no mercy.

"Don't!"
Suddenly, a terrified voice came from the side.

"I can grant your wish."
The voice was filled with hope and begging.

"That's it, you're dead."
Zhao Xu remained cold and emotionless.

Only dead monsters are good monsters.