
Chapter 088: Canceling Magic

Zhao Xu held a staff almost one meter long, made from the core of an ancient oak tree. A yellow crystal was embedded at the top of the staff.

At this time, Zhao Xu's appearance was not far from the fantasy images of wizards in novels. The staff was a type of magical item, storing various spells. Each time a spell was cast, it would consume a certain amount of energy from the staff. Generally, a brand new staff would have a total of 50 units of energy. Another type of magical item, the wand, was usually about 30 centimeters long, similar in size to the wands used by wizards in the Harry Potter series.

Like the staff, the wand also had 50 units of energy. However, each time a spell was cast, it would only consume 1 unit of energy. The main difference between the staff and the wand was that the wand could only store one spell and could only store spells of level 4 or lower.

Moreover, the staff would not be restricted by level 4 spells, such as Zhao Xu's protective staff, which could use spells like "Shield" (level 1, 1 unit of energy), "Resistance to Energy Damage" (level 2, 1 unit of energy), "Cancel Magic" (level 3, 1 unit of energy), "Invalidate Low-Level Spell" (level 4, 2 units of energy), "Exorcism" (level 4, 2 units of energy), and "Protective Barrier" (level 6, 3 units of energy).

According to the pricing of 65,000 gold pieces, one unit of energy would cost approximately 1,300 gold pieces. Even Zhao Xu would have to bleed from the heart if he used it. Today, he was going to use the "Cancel Magic" spell from the staff, which could be used to suppress magical traps.
Here is the translation of the text:

If he uses a magic wand, one that dispels magic, it would cost 225 GP per shot, which is very cost-effective. He thought to himself, "I should go in and explore, and since I've already used it, I might as well destroy the demon's lair and then go to Ansilvund to gain some points."

When he faced the druid earlier, he took out his wand and prepared to cast the "Resist Energy Damage" spell to absorb the damage. If he reaches level 3, he can also cast this spell.

However, since his magical proficiency is too low, he can only absorb 10 points of damage, which is not enough to withstand a lightning strike. But if he uses a shield wand, his magical proficiency would be at least level 13, allowing him to absorb 30 points of damage, which would be enough to withstand a lightning strike without a scratch.

This is the huge advantage of a wand for someone like Zhao Xuan who is low-level in magic.

However, when Ansilvund gave him the wand, he didn't tell him how many shots were left. As he adventures with the wand, he can't estimate how many shots are left, which is also a test for him.

"This is a what?" Lyra, who has seen many things, looked at the wand in surprise. "It's a magic item," Zhao Xuan simply said. "It can be used to dispel magic traps."

Then Zhao Xuan reminded the two wanderers of how to open the secret door. Once he suppresses the magic trap's energy, they need to hurry up and open the door.

After finishing his instructions, Zhao Xuan directly held up his wand and made a casting motion towards the magic trap in front of him.
Here is the translation:

Suddenly, three types of spell effects for dispelling magic appeared in his mind: "Targeted", "Area", and "Countering". Zhao Xu, who had some knowledge of magical trap principles, directly chose the "Targeted" dispelling magic.

After casting the spell, a beam of white light shot out from the protective wand in Zhao Xu's hand and hit the stone block that had been set with the trap.

The adventurer, Niu Xia, cast "Dispelling Magic" and "Neutralizing Curse" and made an opposed roll against the caster level of the trap. The result was: 20 + D20 = 20 + 15 = 35 for Niu Xia, and 5 + D20 = 5 + 10 = 15 for the caster of the trap. The roll succeeded, successfully suppressing the trap for 1D4 = 4 rounds.

Zhao Xu looked at the information and only then realized that the dispelling magic was a caster level opposed check, rather than a difficulty check. In other words, it was a comparison of the caster level of the wand and the caster level of the priest who set the trap. Whoever had the higher level would win.

Anshenoya did not create the trap according to the minimum level requirement of the wand, which was 13, but directly gave it a level 20 caster level, naturally crushing the level 5 priest who set the trap.

Zhao Xu didn't have time to reflect on this, and he hastily shouted, "The 'Dispelling Magic' can only suppress the trap for 4 rounds, hurry up and open the secret door."

The two wandering cultivators didn't suspect anything and walked forward. Niu Xia was the first to rush to the stone block that had originally been extremely dangerous.

Suddenly, the mechanism at the entrance was activated, and the originally smooth wall slowly opened a door one meter wide and two meters high, revealing a passageway.

The stone block with the trap also fell along with it.

"Finally, it's over," said Youyou, who turned his head and let out a sigh of relief after the stone block disappeared.
Here is the translation of the text:

She also knew that her level was too low, and if it were higher, she at least would have a way to counter the damage from these spells. The curse's threat was unbearable for everyone.

"Can we get through?" Luo Ya asked.

Although he was facing the expert who assisted them, everyone knew he was asking Zhong Xia. Zhong Xia nodded, "The stone door's drop is deep enough, and we won't trigger another trap. The wanderer will take the lead and search for traps inside."

After Zhong Xia's instructions, Hill glanced at Luo Ya, while Rainbow directly went to the front.

It was the wanderer's fate to clear traps. The entire team adjusted their formation accordingly.

Everyone held their weapons, being highly alert, and slowly moved forward through the stone door.

As the torches illuminated, the team members slowly saw the inside of the stone door, which was a long corridor.

"Be careful," Luo Ya cautioned. "If there are traps, we'll be in trouble."

Hearing this, everyone couldn't help but draw closer, as if this would make them feel more courageous.

"It feels like we're exploring a haunted house at midnight," said someone who had just left the room filled with red characters.

"Don't be hasty," Rainbow, who was leading the way, warned. "Don't forget what happened to us last time in the forest."

He had had enough of Yu Yu's annoying jokes.

"Hmph, I just said I hoped to see cute bears, and who knows, maybe it's a ferocious bear," Yu Yu retorted.

Zhong Xia immediately understood that the ticket to this zoo was a bit expensive, and he didn't know how many revival stones he had spent.
But thinking about the unexpected encounters that Yu Yu had experienced in the past, Zhao Xu also tightly gripped the staff in his hand, and the route ahead would depend on this staff.