Chapter 1003: Still As Wild!

Tang Lang was stunned. Then, he watched her whiz over to the group of youngsters, then firmly held the hand of the girl in Zhuang Rongguang's arm's and pulled her away into her arms.

Zhuang Rongguang was instantly furious seeing the girl in his arms being pulled away while he was off-guard. "Hey! Where's this crazy a**hole from? What are you doing?"

The girl, who Ning Xi had saved, was also about to curse when she turned her head and found herself stop…

Under the moonlight, her savior's face was breathtakingly wicked. An unbridled arrogance made its display between his brows and his two cold blinking eyes seemed to be able to suck away her soul.

"So…so handsome…" Such a Casanova!

Ning Xi hugged the girl and said without any expression, "I'm interested in this girl!"

His tone was full of arrogance!

The girl stared at Ning Xi with an infatuated expression like she not only had no intentions to struggle, but like she even wanted to give herself away to "him".

Ning Xi's arrogant tone and the beautiful girl's attitude made Zhuang Rongguang instantly pissed off. "Damn it! You lil punk! Do you want to die?!"

The people beside him were outraged too.

"Where did this lil punk come from?"

"Crazy!"

"Is he drunk?!"

"Forget about him! Beat him up! Bros, let's go!"

…

Ten minutes later, more than ten of the youngsters had fallen onto the floor, all of them groaning like slaughtered pigs.

This was such a disgrace!

There were so many of them, yet none of them could defeat this one guy. Not only that, they could not even touch him at all! This was so humiliating!

Zhuang Rongguang had it the worst. He kept getting hit in the face. Before the wound on his face healed, he would probably not leave home for at least ten days to half a month.

Tang Lang watched this scene, flabbergasted. He was wrong, really wrong! It would be crazy to think that this person was now a slave to marriage! She was still as wild!

Zhuang Rongguang covered his beaten up face sorely. "You punk, where did you come from?! Tell me your name! How dare you hit me and steal my woman!? You're so dead! Do you know who I am?"

Ning Xi squatted in front of the whining Zhuang Rongguang and said coldly, "Zhuang Rongguang! You idiotic wimp! I'm beating you up! I'm snatching this girl from you! In fact, I'll beat you up every time I see you!"

Beat you up every time I see you…???

Zhuang Rongguang thought this tone sounded familiar, yet he could not immediately remember where he had heard this from. Not only that, this act of snatching his woman and beating him up was oddly familiar too…

Zhuang Rongguang was dizzy from the blows, so he could not think any further. He shot a look angrily at the man before him. "Bastard! Who are you calling an idiot? Who the hell are you?"

Could it be an enemy? But he did not know this person at all!

This punk looked so demonic. If it was someone he knew, there would be no way he would not remember…

Ning Xi stood up and looked down at him. "You'll find out very soon!"

…

"Hey! Handsome, wait for me! How could you forget me?" When the hot girl saw that Ning Xi was leaving, she quickly chased after her.

"Uhh…" Ning Xi suddenly remembered her and simply nudged the girl to Tang Lang. "Single dog, gifting to you!"

Then, she walked off.

The girl was so angry that she quickly made a move to start running after Ning Xi again. Nevertheless, when she saw that Tang Lang was quite handsome too, her eyes shone. However, after comparing Ning Xi to him, she was still unhappy. She looked Tang Lang and asked, "Excuse me, do you know that handsome guy's phone number? Could you give it to me?"

Tang Lang replied, "110!"VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔