Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1005: He Snatched My Girl!

"He's my friend. What's wrong?" Zhuang Keer was confused as she felt that Zhuang Rongguang's reaction was odd.

Zhuang Rongguang was further triggered by her reply. "Friend?! Sis, don't get conned by him, he's a bastard! He beat me up last night and even snatched my girl away! Look at my face! It's all his fault!"

"What did you say?! How did something like that happen?!" Zhuang Keer's expression changed.

Zhuang Rongguang stared at Ning Xi while clenching his teeth. He complained, "It's true! Sis, this bastard was really looking for trouble! Not only did he snatch my girl, he's even onto you now. I was just hanging around with my gang last night, then he…"

Zhuang Keer held onto Ning Xi's hands gently. "Bro Xi, did you really fight with them? Are you alright?"

Ning Xi patted the girl's hands. "It's alright, they couldn't do anything to me."

"Thank goodness…" Zhuang Keer let out a sigh of relief.

Zhuang Rongguang was really frustrated. "Hey! What's going on?! Did you hear what I just said, Sis?! This guy beat me up! And snatched my girl!"

"Be quiet, I'm not deaf! He beat you up for your own good!" Zhuang Keer replied in an annoyed tone.

Zhuang Rongguang could not believe what was happening. "Sis, you've been charmed by this bastard!"

Zhuang Rongguang then stared at Ning Xi angrily. "Bastard, what did you do to my sister!? I'm not going to forgive you!"

He sprinted towards Ning Xi but in the next moment, he tripped and fell onto the floor.

Zhuang Rongguang helped himself up. He felt that he was going insane soon. Why did the way he tripped just now feel so familiar? Who exactly was this bastard? 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Come at me! Don't mess with my sister!" Zhuang Rongguang got back up on his two feet and steadied himself.

Ning Xi crossed her arms. "Finally, you say something decent!"

"Let's talk business! What do you want?!" Zhuang Rongguang said fiercely.

Damn it! Although his sister was annoying at times, she was the one who protected him the most. Now, this bastard, who had appeared out of nowhere, had gotten her on his side!

"You want me to not mess with your sister? Sure! As long as you defeat me!" Ning Xi demanded.

"You…" Zhuang Rongguang's face turned red.

His gang could not even lay a scratch on her last night. What could he do alone!? This bastard was trying to embarrass him!

Ning Xi touched her chin when she saw Zhuang Rongguang's hostile face. "Fighting might be a little unfair to you. Let's change it up!"

"How?" Zhuang Rongguang asked suspiciously.

"Anything you choose. As long as you can defeat me, you win!" Ning Xi replied.

This bastard! How arrogant!

"Are you for real?"

"Of course!"

"Anything…even games?" Zhuang Rongguang asked for confirmation.

He carefully thought about it and realized that there was nothing that he was really good at aside from playing mobile games. Although his Glory of Light account from the Holy Realm game had been discarded, it might not be that big a deal to log back in just this once…

Ning Xi grinned cockily. "Of course!"