Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1006: One Game To Decide

"Are you sure? Do you even play games!? Do you know about 'Holy Realm'?" Zhuang Rongguang stared at the man in front of him suspiciously, feeling like the man's smile was a little creepy for some reason.

"I have an account," Ning Xi replied.

This bastard plays Holy Realm as well? Zhuang Rongguang was a little surprised. Zhuang Rongguang then listed a few other games and he knew all of them.

After some consideration, he still picked Holy Realm in the end since he was best at this among all the other games. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He had initially planned to borrow an account from someone else especially because after what had happened the last time. He had promised everyone to quit the game, so it would be embarrassing for him to log back into his main account right now. However, if this bastard had some premium weapons, it would be humiliating if he lost.

His Glory of Light account had one of the best in-game equipment, making him rank no. 10 on the list. He did not believe that this bastard would have a better account than his. What was important now was to make this guy leave his sister. Things would get really bad if he became his brother-in-law!

Zhuang Rongguang quickly said, "Then, we'll duel in 'Holy Realm'! How about that?"

"Sure, I'm fine with it," Ning Xi replied.

They both went into Zhuang Rongguang's room and Zhuang Keer followed them.

Zhuang Rongguang's room was a typical boy's messy room.

"There're two computers here, both of the same specs. Pick one!"

"Alright."

Ning Xi picked one and they both sat down.

Zhuang Rongguang logged into the game while Ning Xi slowly opened the game homepage and took her time to enjoy the updated log in interface.

Many of Zhuang Rongguang's friends were surprised when they saw he had logged in. Zhuang Rongguang simply replied&nbsp;to their private messages: "I'm not him".

He had never logged in since his defeat, so his in-game character had stayed at where he was killed by Piercing Wind.

Throughout his absence from the game, this place became a well-known area and attracted many players to drop by and to talk about how cool Piercing Wind was when he had tortured Glory of Light.

This explained why many players noticed when Glory of Light logged in. Soon, the entire public chat was flooded with talk about him.

Zhuang Rongguang muted the chat, then he looked at Ning Xi with a smug face. "This is my account! You can give up now if you want to!"

He also bragged to his sister, "Sis look, isn't my character cool!? All my equipment are legendary! It's really worth a lot!"

Ning Xi watched Zhuang Rongguang's screen. As expected, Zhuang Rongguang had logged into his Glory of Light account.

Zhuang Rongguang felt a little irritated. "Stop staring! Where's your account!? Log in now! It's too late to regret right now!"

Ning Xi put her finger on the mouse and clicked to log in.

A notification popped up and there was a red notice flashing in the public chat: [Top #1 ranking player Piercing Wind has logged in!]

The video of a character was played on everyone's screens. A man with a huge silver scythe on his back appeared.