Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1007: Just How Much Do You Hate Me?

P-Piercing Wind!! Why was he online now!?

Zhuang Rongguang looked at the character in front of him right now and was terrified.

He had a really bad premonition…

He slowly turned back and looked at Ning Xi.

Ning Xi was also looking at him with a wicked smile. "Little boy, I said it before, didn't I? I asked you to delete the game! If not…I'll kill you every time I see you…"

Zhuang Rongguang's in-game character was already dead by the time Ning Xi finished her sentence…

Wh-what was happening?!

Zhuang Rongguang finally saw Ning Xi's game ID. It was Piercing Wind!

This bastard was Piercing Wind!

Zhuang Rongguang pointed his shaky finger at Ning Xi with a painful expression on his face. "You…you're Piercing Wind! You're the one who killed me, ruined my wedding and even took away my girl that night!"

"Yep, that's me."

Zhuang Rongguang was enraged and he yelled, "You bastard! Just how much do you hate me?! You're not only against me in the game, you're even against me in real life!"

"I thought I've explained that before already." Ning X raised her eyebrows.

"What?" Zhuang Rongguang asked.

"I don't like you," Ning Xi shrugged and replied.

"You…!" Zhuang Rongguang was absolutely annoyed and he turned to Zhuang Keer. "Sis! Look at him! This is how he treats your brother! He's so shameless! Are you really going to be with someone like him?"

Zhuang Keer did not listen to anything Zhuang Rongguang yelled. Instead, she stared admiringly at Ning Xi. So, this was how Ning Xi helped to get Rongguang back home the other night. She had even beaten him up last night to teach him a lesson…

Zhuang Rongguang felt hopelessness when he saw his sister's worshipping eyes. "Are you really my real sister!?"

"Bro Xi, is this your character?" Zhuang Keer went next to Ning Xi and asked curiously.

"Yeah!" Ning Xi nodded.

"Ooh, it looks so cool! This game seems fun, how do you play it?" Zhuang Keer asked interestedly. She had never been in contact with anything of this sort.

"I'll demonstrate to you." Ning Xi clicked the mouse and started showing her.

"Okay!"

Ning Xi then controlled her character and killed Zhuang Rongguang's revived character in just one blow. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Zhuang Rongguang was speechless.

Zhuang Keer was really excited and she clapped her hands. "So cool!"

"Come here, I'll teach you!" Ning Xi then let Zhuang Keer have a seat and showed her how to kill Zhuang Rongguang's character over and over again.

Zhuang Rongguang felt dreadful looking at them! He really felt like leaving his home!

He bitterly went up to Zhuang Keer. "Sis! You have to pick today. Either you leave this bastard, or I'll never call you my sister again! It's me or him!"

Zhuang Keer frowned. Ning Xi patted her shoulder, then she looked at Zhuang Rongguang. "I've said that as long as you beat me in anything, I'll do anything you want. I'll give you a chance to continue to choose!"