Chapter 105: Buy Buy Buy For Little Bun

This time, Ning Xueluo's face changed completely, and she almost screamed out. "Ning Xi, you lunatic!"

She wasn’t afraid of Ning Xi, who was getting ahead of herself, competing with her for status or a man. The thing she was most afraid of was that she would reveal everything in order to ruin her.

"Hehe…" Looking at how Ning Xueluo had turned white with fear, Ning Xi couldn't help laughing, and patted her shoulder with a relaxed expression. "Eldest Miss Ning, relax, I’m just kidding. It’s not worth dying together with scum like you…"

At this point, Ning Xi’s unconcerned gaze suddenly became incomparably cold. She lowered her voice, her tone like that of a devil which had crawled out of hell in Ning Xueluo’s ears. "But if you threaten me with that again, I cannot say for sure that I’ll be able to control myself from doing something terrible. To use the words of your pig teammate, even if I die, I’ll drag you down to die with me! Jia Qingqing that idiot was just all talk and couldn’t back it up, but I’m different!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

After she was done, Ning Xi let go of Ning Xueluo’s shoulder and walked out with her head high.

Ning Xueluo, who had meant to threaten Ning Xi, was the one who had been threatened instead. The instant Ning Xi left, her whole slumped to the floor. Then her face became very dark, and she kicked the door hard.

No, she had to think of a way to completely destroy Ning Xi!

Otherwise, as long as she existed for even just one day, all the things she had could disappear at any moment! She would never allow this to happen!

…

After leaving the company, Ning Xi had nothing on in the afternoon, so she got ready to go to the shopping mall, since last time, she had promised to buy clothes for Little Treasure.

The moment she thought of Little Treasure, her gloomy mood instantly became sunny, and she happily went shopping.

When Ning Xi arrived, she went straight to the children's clothes section.

There were so many different types and styles of children's clothes, as far as the eye could see. Ning Xi simply dove right in; as if she had been injected with stimulants, she went even crazier than when buying clothes for herself.

Having said that, some aspects of her life had really changed a lot since she met Little Treasure. Before, she would detour around stores selling baby products, children's clothes, and other similar places. But now she associated them not with her suffocating memories, but with the adorable Little Bun.

As long as she saw cute, interesting things, she wanted to buy them for him. It felt the same as being in love!

All the things in this mall were of famous brands, and were generally very expensive. It was the same for the children's clothes. But because they were for Little Treasure, she was naturally very willing to buy them. She just had to buy less makeup, and she would be able to afford them.

Today, Ning Xi was wearing a dress by a designer she liked very much, but who wasn’t very famous. Although it looked good, it couldn't compare with a big LOGO.

The sales-girls liked to judge based on appearance, so they ignored her, and instead, they gallantly followed behind a lady dressed in full Chanel.

Ning Xi walked around, and finally, in one corner, saw something that really excited her.

It was a little sapphire blue suit. It wasn’t just the color that was dazzling; on the breast pocket, there was also an adorable printed badge of the Superman S logo. Most importantly, she had many Superman-themed clothes, so she could wear matching parent and child outfits with Little Treasure at any time.

The words "parent and child outfits" popping suddenly into Ning Xi’s mind made her stomach drop a bit. She was startled to suddenly realize that this feeling which was similar to love, of always wanting to give your partner the best things, was actually also how parents treated their children.

Ning Xi’s mood was complicated, and she was silent for quite a while before she came back to reality. Then she went to look for a salesgirl. "Miss, I'll take this suit, please wrap it up for me."

The salesgirl didn't respond immediately, but instead, pointed out in a cold tone, "This suit costs 12,000 yuan."

"I know, I saw the tag. Help me wrap it up."

Only then did the sales-girl's face become a little more pleasant, and she smiled slightly. "Do you need me to help you pack it in a gift box?"

Before Ning Xi could respond, a hand with a jade bracelet on it suddenly shot forward and snatched the outfit. "Oh, this is not bad! I'll take it!"