Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1041: Do You Want To Try Me?

Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Huh, so it's enough to make you fall in love just by doing that?" The man's tone was full of sarcasm as he regarded Ning Xi as a woman who was blinded by love.

Ning Xi took a deep breath and asked, "Okay! Let me ask you. If you entered a room and you saw the person you like fed with an aphrodisiac and wearing transparent pajamas while lying on a king-sized bed full of red flower petals, what would you make her do?"

She asked Jiang Muye the same question as well.

"Make love," Yun Shen simply replied.

Make…love…

Good…this reply was as expected of Satan. How creepy…

Ning Xi's mouth twitched and she rolled her eyes. "But Lu Tingxiao did not do anything! That's the difference between the both of you! And this is why I choose him! He'll never take advantage of me when I'm at my worst! Yun Shen, you don't know what love is!"

The man looked annoyed. "Are you sure this is love and not sexual dysfunction?"

Ning Xi yelled at him in anger, "Shut up! You're the one with sexual dysfunction!"

The man grinned. "Do you really want to try me?"

"I don't have time to play games with you! Let me tell you something, it's alright to have low EQ, you can learn! I can teach you something right now! For example, under this situation, you should learn from Lu Tingxiao and let me go like a gentleman!" Ning Xi tried to convince him.

The man raised his eyebrows. "I don't do what others do."

Ning Xi clenched her teeth so hard that they almost shattered. Her brain cells were dying while her mouth was running dry. This bastard was too annoying!

"Is there anything else you'd like to say?" The man asked cheerfully as he looked at her whilst enjoying her expression.

"Bastard!"

Saying anything else to him would be useless anyway.

"Are you scolding me?"

Ning Xi kept quiet.

Finally, he understood why she was scolding him! Could he improve in other aspects as well?

"My dear, I'm asking for you to come back to me for your own good…if you continue to be with him, you'll be really sad!" the man said.

Ning Xi rolled her eyes at him. "Why would I be sad?"

"Because you'll become a widow!"

"You…" Ning Xi was so angry that she started to feel pain in her bones. "Don't you talk so big. I don't care what business you have with Lu Tingxiao, but my man isn't someone who can go down that easily!"

"Your man…!?" Yun Shen's carefree expression suddenly darkened. "My dear, you really know how to make me angry!"

Ning Xi knew that things were bad when she realized his change in expression. She should not have triggered him, but she really could not help it just now…

Bang!

The door was pushed open from the outside.

Tang Ye stood there with a worried expression on his face as he looked over to Ning Xi's direction. He shouted loudly, "Satan! We're surrounded by Lu Tingxiao's men!"

The moment Tang Ye said those words, dust started to form a cloud outside the house as the trees and grass swayed. There was a loud whirring sound from a chopper overhead…