Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1049: Her Tail Fell Off!

Lu Tingxiao was so heartbroken seeing her act this way. "What did they do to you?"

Ning Xi could not hold it in anymore. She sobbed with her shoulders trembling, "Bastards! They're all inhumane! Of all places, they made me go to a haunted house! They also left me alone in a dark room! That h-house…it's the one with the rumors about a woman who hung herself there…it's so scary! I tried to leave…b-but I was out of strength… They must've tried to scare me to death…"

Lu Tingxiao did not say anything. He was almost scared to death by her as well…

"Can you please stay? I don't want to be alone! What if the female ghost followed me here?" begged Ning Xi.

Lu Tingxiao knitted his eyebrows although he felt both slightly relieved and a little helpless against her request. "I won't leave."

"Oh, are you sure?" asked Ning Xi as she went to the cupboard and look for clothes to change into. She turned around and asked for confirmation.

"I'm sure."

Ning Xi asked multiple times before she finally changed out of her clothes.

When she was changing, she realized something tragic. The round tail at the back of the bunny outfit she loved had fallen off…

Ning Xi grieved for the tail. She turned around and saw Lu Tingxiao acting like a gentleman and facing his back towards her.

"I'm done changing!"

"Mmm." Lu Tingxiao turned around and patted the girl's head. "Rest well."

"Will you stay with me?"

"How can I not stay with you?" Lu Tingxiao sighed.

Ning Xi was relieved.

On the soft bed, the girl curled herself into the man's embrace, mostly because she was really terrified. She fell asleep pretty quickly. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

She did not seem to have a good rest though as she kept on frowning in her sleep and had beads of sweat on her forehead. Lu Tingxiao stayed right beside her and comforted her lightly…

At six in the morning, there were sounds of footsteps approaching.

Lu Tingxiao looked up. As expected, it was his son. He made a hand gesture and signaled him to be quiet. Ning Xi had only slept around 4 a.m. and if she woke up now, she would not get enough sleep.

The little bun noticed his father's serious expression, so he did not mess around and only stood beside the bed to look at his mother.

"Your mother slept very late last night. Don't wake her up," said Lu Tingxiao in a low voice.

The little bun nodded obediently. He left after a short while because he had school today and could not be late.

Soon, the little bun returned to the bedroom with his writing board. He wrote a few words: [I'll share your burden.]

Lu Tingxiao was surprised.

The child had probably noticed his odd expression and wanted him to share his worries.

Lu Tingxiao smiled. "Wait until you get a little older."

Little Treasure pouted. He was trying really hard to grow up already. Furthermore, he had gained 2 kilograms of weight recently!

Before he went to school, Little Treasure gave his mother a light kiss.

Lu Tingxiao looked at the girl quietly, not giving into slumber, then he realized that something was wrong.

Her temperature…it was rising!