Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1052: He Needs Money

Under the warm sunlight, both of them lay on the bed quietly.

"Although the security of the place you're staying at right now is good, it can only hold off thieves and paparazzi…" Lu Tingxiao voiced out his thoughts. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Ning Xi replied with excitement. "Oh, about that! I was actually thinking of getting a new place! I looked through my savings lately and it's enough to get myself a little villa! I wanted to talk to you about this! Let's go and look at some houses soon?"

"Okay," Lu Tingxiao replied, "I'll help you take note of the ones suitable for you. I'll arrange the security system personally."

"Mmm!" Ning Xi nodded.

Lu Tingxiao gave it more thought but was still not very assured. "I'll let Tang Lang stay by your side. You need a bodyguard for your career as well."

Ning Xi was surprised. "Have Second Senior Brother as my bodyguard?"

From a company security guard to a private bodyguard…his job ranking was deteriorating. While the former role was as a little security guard, he was still working for an international company!

"He needs the money," said Lu Tingxiao.

…

Okay, she had almost forgotten that Second Senior Brother's credit card had been blocked by First Senior Brother, pushing him to even become a security guard and a child's tutor to earn some money.

As long as it pays!

"Oh right, I almost forgot…I need two more people from you!" Ning Xi suddenly remembered the bunch of knives, bats, and the local specialties back in her house.

"Who?" Lu TIngxiao asked.

"Shi Xiao and Xiong Zhi. Is it okay?" Ning Xi checked.

"They went to look for you?" Lu Tingxiao had actually expected them to.

Ning Xi cleared her throat. "Well, there's no such thing as a free lunch!"

Lu Tingxiao thought about it. He did not plan to use the both of them again but they were capable. After what had happened the last time, they had become familiar with Ning Xi and the others might not be as responsible as them.

"Sure." Most importantly, how could he say no to his wife's request?

"Are you hungry?" Lu Tingxiao asked.

Ning Xi felt her stomach growling in response, so she nodded. "Very!"

"I'll go and check on the kitchen to see if our meal is ready."

"Mmm!"

After being sick for two days, Ning Xi still felt weak. Just as she was about to fall asleep again, her phone rang.

When she went out to get some soy sauce two days ago, she had not taken her phone with her, so Lu Tingxiao had probably brought it over for her.

It was Ling Zhizhi.

The moment Ning Xi saw Ling Zhizhi's name, her expression changed.

She was done for! Too many things had happened in the past two days. In addition to her sickness, she had forgotten that she was supposed to join a variety show programme today! The crew was supposed to travel to the old town beside the Shu River at 8 o'clock. It was already 7 o'clock now!

Ning Xi was fully awake as she picked up the phone. "Hello, Sis Zhizhi! I'm really sorry! I'm not feeling well and slept for two days straight but I just woke up. I'll be there immediately!"

"I was just about to tell you that the programme has been delayed," Ling Zhizhi said.

"Huh? Delayed?" Ning Xi was surprised.

"What happened? Did you say that you're sick? Are you alright?" Ling Zhizhi asked worriedly.

Ning Xi always had excellent work ethics. If her illness was not very serious, she would never have forgotten about the programme today.

"It's alright, it was just a fever. I feel much better now!"

"Are you alone at home now? Should I ask Xiao Tao to go over and take care of you?" Ling Zhizhi asked.