Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1064: You Look Good

"Of course, I don't mind. I just feel that it might be too troublesome."

"It's not troublesome at all! We'd all welcome you if you were to come! That's all set, then!" Zhuang Keer ignored her brother.

"Okay, see you tomorrow!"

…

Ning Xi started humming a song and looked for what to wear after she ended the call.

"In a good mood?" Lu Tingxiao asked as he saw Ning Xi was chirpier after the call with Zhuang Keer.

"Hahaha…Lu Tingxiao! Let me tell you something funny!" Ning Xi told him how she had pranked Zhuang Rongguang from the start to end.

"I was in a male outfit then, so he had always thought that I was a man. In the end, I told him that if he could do it, I'll wear a pink princessy dress and walk around the shooting range for three rounds! That brat has trained hard in order to beat me!

"Zhuang Keer also mentioned that he was so hardworking that he even forgot to eat sometimes. I'm actually rooting for him. I really want to see his reaction when he realized that I'm a girl, hahaha…"

Lu Tingxiao's dislike towards Zhuang Liaoyuan faded when he saw the girl's wide smile. "Did Zhuang Liaoyuan mention that matter to you again?"

"Don't worry, he never mentioned it again! Actually, Zhuang Rongguang is really talented. If he can actually change his attitude, Chief Zhuang will never prey after me again!"

"What time are you coming back tomorrow?"

"Probably after dinner. I promised Keer."

"Okay."

Ning Xi noticed Lu Tingxiao staring at her face when she was talking, so she touched her own face. "Is there something on my face?"

Lu Tingxiao gazed at the girl's smiling face, then he leaned in and kissed her. "You look really good."

Ning Xi blushed and covered her face bashfully. "Really?"

Oh no! The devil was getting more and more flirtatious lately! He could always flirt with her anytime anywhere…

"Ning Xi, I hope you can be this happy when you're with me every day." Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Rest assured, I'm always happy when I'm with you!"

…

The next afternoon, Ning Xi changed into a male outfit and reached the shooting range ten minutes before the promised time.

Zhuang Rongguang was already there and he looked very well prepared as his face brimmed with determination. He grinned when he saw Ning Xi.

"Bro Xi, you're here!" Zhuang Keer had come early as well and she welcomed Ning Xi warmly.

"So, you're here." Zhuang Rongguang turned around and looked at her coldly.

After not seeing him for some time, Zhuang Rongguang had become thinner, but not haggard or tired. Hiis eyes were burning with fire and he reminded her of Zhuang Liaoyuan.

Advanced level of training in shooting could discipline a person. It seemed like it had affected him positively even though it might be temporary at this point.

Zhuang Rongguang was acting out of rage this time. In regards to his personality, it might take much more time for him to change his attitude.