CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chapter 1065: You…Pervert!

"Did you bring the stuff?" Zhuang Rongguang asked.

Ning Xi waved the pink plastic bag she held in her hand. "Do you want to check?"

Zhuang Rongguang looked at her suspiciously, then he checked its contents.

A pair of white heels, a pink lacy dress, a floral hair clip, a pair of white stockings, and then…there was a pink bra…

Zhuang Rongguang blushed and quickly gave the bag back to Ning Xi. "You…pervert…"

Ning Xi feigned innocence. "Didn't you ask me to wear a girl's outfit? Is there any girl who doesn't wear a bra?"

Zhuang Rongguang's face turned even more scarlet. He glared at her and took a deep breath, trying not to let her affect his emotions. "Since you're so well prepared, I won't disappoint you!"

Suddenly, many people gathered around them. Most of them had been at the scene last time. Even Zhuang Liaoyuan and Zhuang Zongren spared some time to go.

Zhuang Rongguang looked nervously at his father and grandfather, but he was back to his confident self soon enough.

"Seems like there're enough witnesses today!" Ning Xi smiled and made an inviting gesture. "Please."

Zhuang Rongguang stared at her. "Don't go back on your words. If you're a man, if I can get a perfect score while blindfolded, then you…"

"Yes I know, I'll walk three rounds around the shooting range in a girl's outfit! Stop talking so much! Everyone's waiting! Are you shooting or not?" Ning Xi said impatiently.

Everyone started coaxing him as well.

"Ooh…a girl's outfit! All the best, Xiao Guang!"

"That's right, you must win this! Make him go down!"

"Hahaha…I'm looking forward to seeing him in a girl's outfit!"

"Good luck! You can do it!"

…

Zhuang Rongguang's time spent in the shooting range earned him some friends with the regulars here. With Zhuang Rongguang's description about how Ning Xi had shamelessly seduced his sister, they were all rooting for him.

Zhuang Keer was everyone's eye candy, so the fact that she had suddenly been snatched by some nameless kid was unforgivable!

Zhuang Rongguang felt empowered. He felt a sense of justice swell within him!

He picked up a long, black fabric and covered his eyes. He picked up the gun and aimed at the target by just relying on his senses.

The scoring began!

Everyone at the scene, including Zhuang Liaoyuan and Zhuang Zongren were watching closely.

Zhuang Rongguang pulled the trigger.

Bang! 10 points!

Bang! Another 10 points!

Bang! His third 10-pointer!

…

Zhuang Rongguang shot the bullseye one after another and everyone was getting more and more excited.

Finally…

Eighth shot, 10 points!

Ninth shot, 10 points!

Tenth shot…

Zhuang Rongguang stopped for a short while before he slowed down his breathing, then… Bang!

Tenth shot, 10 points!

The score counter started to calculate the total score. It was 10 points for 10 times!

A perfect hundred score!