Chapter 1067: Super Beauty!

The next moment, Zhuang Rongguang's handphone dropped to the floor and the black screen cracked like its master's facial expression…

It was as if time had stopped. No one moved a muscle.

There was not a sound made inside the large shooting range at all.

The girl wore a body-hugging pink dress, highlighting her lean waist as her slightly curly, long, black hair circled her hips beautifully. Her cute little face was like the stars in the sky, a flower blooming in the season of spring…

A…a beauty!

A super beauty!

"Hey, you stepped on my foot!"

"Ah! Who pinched me!? Pinch yourself!"

"Stop pushing me!"

…

The silence came to an end as people started making noise and pushing each other to get a closer look, but no one's eyes left Ning Xi.

Most of the people who came to the shooting range were elders. All of them had been rooting for Zhuang Rongguang's victory just now, but now they probably had second thoughts…

"What's happening?!"

"Is…is that the same person?"

"I've been watching! It couldn't have been switched!"

"Why do I feel like…the boobs…are real?"

"You idiots! All of you virgins know nothing! With my experience, that's a real woman, alright? And a real beauty at that! This brat, I mean, this girl was disguising herself as a man all along!"

"Seriously? Disguising?!"

…

Ning Xi walked up to the crowd. She then stood right in front of the stunned Zhuang Rongguang and smiled. "Are you satisfied with what you're seeing?"

Zhuang Rongguang nodded awkwardly, but then shook his head hard a second later. He looked at her in disbelief. "You…you're a woman?" ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Ning Xi grinned. "Yeah!"

This bastard admitted it so casually! How frustrating!

Zhuang Rongguang felt hurt and betrayed. "You're a woman! You're a woman all along! Then, why did you say you'd wear a girl's outfit…?"

Damn it!

Zhuang Rongguang finally realized that he had been pranked!

The worst part was, it would be easier if he was facing the bastard from before, but now he could not get angry at such a beauty!

He finally won, the contest but what was this!?

Wait, was that really a win? His opponent was a woman, a woman with such fine marksmanship. How could he really say he won this as a man!?

Zhuang Rongguang felt like he was going crazy!

"Wow, Xiao Xi, I've never seen you in this before! How cute! It really suits you!" Zhuang Keer held Ning Xi's hands and circled her.

Zhuang Keer's reaction acted like a dagger stabbing Zhuang Rongguang. In confusion, he asked, "Sis…you…you knew?"

Zhuang Keer nodded. "I know!"

"Then, why didn't you tell me!?" Zhuang Rongguang yelled deep from within his soul.

"You didn't ask me!"

…