Chapter 1068: Call Her Sister

At the back, Zhuang Zongren smiled and just watched the young ones fool around, but when he saw Ning Xi walk out of the changing room, his eyes welled up and he mumbled to himself, "Ci…Ci…"

Zhuang Liaoyuan glanced at his father when he noticed his odd behaviour.

Ci?

Was that not his mother's nickname?

"That child…that child…she looks just like Ci when she was young…" Zhuang Zongren said in a trembling voice, his eyes full of the memories and love towards his late wife.

When Zhuang Zongren first met Ning Xi, she had just finished attending a business matter, so she dressed smartly and formally. He had not noticed her as much the other time.

But today, Ning Xi wore a pink princessy dress, reminding Zhuang Zongren of the first time he saw his wife…

He did not expect his other granddaughter to look exactly like Ci because neither Lingyu and Keer did not.

Zhuang Liaoyuan looked at Ning Xi's direction and tried to remember his mother's face, but because she had died when he was really young,, he had almost no recollection of his mother.

He somewhat remembered a picture of his mother with his father in which she wore a pink dress as well. Most memorably, the aura of his mother from the picture was similar with Ning Xi's now.

…

At night, at the Zhuang family home, Zhuang Zongren had his servants prepare several&nbsp;delicious dishes. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Zhuang Zongren's attitude towards Ning Xi before was welcoming and grateful, but today, he was even warmer and passionate.

The elder kept on piling food on Ning Xi's plate."Xiao Xi, eat more! Eat more!"

"Thank you!" Ning Xi was a little surprised at his warm attitude.

Zhuang Rongguang felt that something was not right as he munched on a chicken drumstick. He then stared at Ning Xi and suddenly stood up. "Damn it! I remember! You're that woman who tripped me the other day!"

Zhuang Zongren sharply chastised him, "Stop being noisy and sit down! And what do you mean by 'that woman'? Xiao Xi's older than you, so call her 'sister'!"

Zhuang Rongguang glared furiously at his father. "I'll call her sister if I'm crazy. Girl, what did I ever do to trigger you? Why have you been in my way ever since I met you?"

Zhuang Liaoyuan glared at his son angrily and yelled at him, "Stop being rude!"

Zhuang Rongguang looked at his grandfather, then at his father. He was exhausted. "Why are all of you on her side!? Did you take the wrong child?! Maybe she's your real child!"

Zhuang Zongren's face went frigid at his grandson. "I really hope we mistook you as our real child! Sadly, no!"

Zhuang Rongguang was ignored mercilessly after that.

"Xiao Xi, how's your work lately? Are you tired?" Zhuang Zongren did not bat an eyelid at his grandson and asked Ning Xi with concern.

Feeling the genuine concern from the elder, Ning Xi quickly replied, "Things are going well. I'm not really tired. I like what I'm doing now."

"Oh, alright then. I heard from Keer that you even have a fashion apparel company of your own. Don't exhaust yourself!"

"Mmm, I won't!" Ning Xi replied.