Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1138: Just Chop It Off!

In short, it was obvious that they were not a good idea to mess with!

At this moment, Zhuang Rongguang's two friends looked at each other before one of them said, "Guang, how about this, Qiang and I'll go out and get the money for you first or else, there's no way we can get money just by waiting here!"

"Exactly! We'll get the money as soon as we can and send it over!"

Zhuang Rongguang looked at the hulking, vicious men and agreed, "You two had better hurry!"

"Yes, yes, yes…" The two of them flew out the door.

Then, Zhuang Rongguang was brought to an abandoned store not too far away from the casino. Once the group of people brought him there, they did not care about him and started to play cards and drink noisily because they were guarding the sole exit; there was no way for him to escape at all.

It was late at night and the remote place was eerie with a moldy smell. He was afraid that even if he was killed there, no one would ever find out…

When he thought of this, Zhuang Rongguang could not help but feel a chill travel up his spine.

If this was his usual desperate times, he would definitely use his family, but this time, he had really gone overboard. If his family found out, he would be done for! So, he could only put his only hope in those two friends! Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

However, with time passing by every second, there was still no news from his two friends, not even a call…

"Hey, punk! Why aren't they here yet!? Your two friends wouldn't have run off, would they?" The gold-chained man kicked him.

"No way! I'll call them now! Maybe they're already on the way!" Zhuang Rongguang quickly dialed their numbers.

At last, their phones rang for over ten times without anyone picking up before automatically hanging up. Zhuang Rongguang continued to attempt both their numbers and this time, they had just switched off their phones.

"Sheet!" Zhuang Rongguang was so angry he almost broke his phone.

Usually, when they had fun together, he would always pay. He even paid for them to pick up girls and lent them his cars, yet when he was in trouble, they disappeared!

"Did they really run away?"

"Huh! They're playing a fool out of us!"

…

When the gang realized what had happened, they were instantly furious.

"Wait! Wait a while more! They will definitely return. They should be getting the money. Five million is a lot. They'll need some time!" Zhuang Rongguang pleaded anxiously.

Though this time, those people had no more patience left. "Motherf*cker! I think this punk won't cry unless he's staring Death in the face! Chop this punk's hand off!"

"You dare?! Do you know who I am? My father is Zhuang Liaoyuan—" Under extreme fear, Zhuang Rongguang blurted out.

When those people heard him, not only were they fearless, they had guffawed out loud instead. "Hahahahaha…Zhuang Liaoyuan is your father!? Then, Zhuang Zhongren is my grandfather! You think you're Zhuang Liaoyuan's son while you look like such a wimp? My ass!"

"You…you people!" Zhuang Rongguang was so angry he turned scarlet.

"Chop it off!" The gold-chained man's gaze turned dark, then the blonde-haired man held a sharp knife and walked over while another person held Zhuang Rongguang's hand down firmly.

Zhuang Rongguang mixed with the community in Imperial, so those in the social circle would know him, and no matter how huge a matter was, they would still respect the Zhuang family a little. No one would really dare to do anything to him. This was the first time someone had actually treated him this way.