Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1139: How Dare You Touch These Things

As much of a rascal as he was, he was still only 18 years old. Zhuang Rongguang was so frightened that he started shaking as he struggled hard. "Hold on! Hold on! Give me one more chance! I'll immediately call for someone to send money over! This time, they'll definitely come! I guarantee! Guarantee!"

The man with the gold chain looked at the blonde first, then said, "We've said it clearly. We want cash!"

"I know! I know!" Zhuang Rongguang replied as he trembled and called Zhuang Keer.

"Hello, Rongguang? Where are you, it's already so late? Why aren't you home yet?" On the other end of the phone was Zhuang Keer's anxious and reproachful voice.

"Sister! Save me! Quickly bring five million to Third East Avenue. There's an abandoned store here! Hurry!" Zhuang Rongguang did not care to elaborate much and immediately shouted.

"What's happening? Explain properly!" Zhuang Keer's tone changed now.

"Sis! Don't ask anymore, just quickly get the money and send it over! My life is in your hands!"

"You want me to get five million for you without explaining clearly?! Five million isn't a small sum. Did you get someone hospitalized again?" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"No…no…" As he watched the crowd of people eyeing him covetously, he could only force himself to mumble, "I owe people five million in gambling debt…"

"Gambling debt?! Zhuang Rongguang, are you crazy!? How dare you touch those things?!" Zhuang Keer shrieked angrily.

"Sis…sis, can you be softer?! Please, sis! Quickly save me! If you don't come, then they'll chop off my hand! Please, sis! Ah!!!" Zhuang Rongguang suddenly cried out miserably as he was kicked in the guts.

"You…you people, don't touch him, I'll send the money immediately! Don't touch him, do you hear me?!" Zhuang Keer shouted.

The man picked up Zhuang Rongguang's phone and said, "I'll give you 30 minutes. For every minute that you're late, I'll chop off one of his fingers!"

Then, he slammed the phone down.

At the Zhuang residence, Zhuang Keer looked at the dead phone and looked stricken.

Sex! Gamble! Drugs! Those were all the things we Zhuangs are strictly not allowed to touch. Even if we did in the slightest, Zhuang Liaoyuan will really kill him with a bullet! Grandfather has a heart problem. There's no leeway at all…

She could not even report it to the police. If she did, Rongguang would be done for…

It was a good thing her father was not home today…

Zhuang Keer had no choice. She could only quickly get the money, rush to the location to pay the ransom and get him…

…

Time passed in agonizing seconds and Zhuang Rongguang's entire being was tormented.

He did not know if his sister could gather the money soon enough. Would she just not care about him?

After all, he had always caused trouble for her and let her clean up his mess. She had probably been long annoyed by him…

When he thought about the two friends that had ditched him, Zhuang Rongguang became increasingly frightened…

"Three more minutes!" The gold-chained man looked at the time on his phone and said.

The blondie blew the sharp knife in his hand. "Don't worry, my skills are really good. Just one clean cut…I guarantee that you won't be in any pain at all…it'll be neat and clean…"

"There's…there's still three minutes! What are you rushing for!?" Zhuang Rongguang's voice trembled as he spoke.

The gold-chained man sneered before continuing to drink and chat idly with his buddies.

Finally…

Three minutes were up…