Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1141: Don't Touch My Sister

The blond-haired raised his brows. "Babe, where are you going?!"

"Didn't we already give you the money? What more do you want?"

"We only agreed to let your brother go. We didn't agree to let you go!" The blonde evaluated Zhuang Keer up and down with a devilish gaze.

"What do you mean?! You've already gotten the money. How can you go back on your word?!" Zhuang Rongguang instantly flew into a rage.

The man with the gold chain chuckled, "Haha, you've given us the money but you delayed it for so long, so shouldn't we ask for some interest?"

"Interest?" Zhuang Keer had a bad feeling about this.

"What stupid interest?! I think you're just intentionally picking fault!" Zhuang Rongguang was so mad that his chest heaved but he was pulled back by Zhuang Keer. There were too many of them. It was no use for them going the difficult way.

"You want more money? I can get more. I just need some time!" Zhuang Keer said.

The man with the gold chain and the blonde looked at each other and revealed strange smiles. The blonde held his chin and looked at the woman before him. "I don't need money. We aren't really lacking any! We just need you to stay here for a night with us and our buddies! Then, that interest will be considered paid off!"

Zhuang Rongguang could not hold it in anymore. He struggled away from Zhuang Keer's grip and rushed up to the blonde. "Bastard! I'll kill you!" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Unfortunately, how could his small figure fight against those people?

Among the crowd, a man with a scar on his face went up to him and punched him to the ground. "You punk! Damn it! How dare you cause trouble here!?"

At the same time, a sneering man in a black tank top with a body full of tattoos walked towards Zhuang Keer…

Zhuang Keer never thought that Zhuang Rongguang would ever mess with such people, but it was too late to say anything now. She could only stagger backward…

However, she was just a girl and all of these were huge men. She could not really escape anywhere. She had just run a few steps before getting caught by the arm by the tattooed man. He shoved her hard towards the gang. In the process, her coat was inevitably pulled away and her flimsy nightgown was revealed…

"Eh, this girl knew what we wanted! She's come dressed like this…" The tattooed man's eyes were full of lust and everyone else laughed along too.

Zhuang Keer was beyond anxious when she had heard the news that Zhuang Rongguang was caught and that they had only given her 30 minutes to gather the money or else, they were going to chop his fingers off. How could she have had the time to change? She had just put on a coat and ran out. Even the shoes on her feet had not been changed. She wore slippers and in her haste, only one side was left on her…

"Let go! Let go of me!" Zhuang Keer slapped him in her struggle.

When the slap was heard, the man's devilish urge flourished and he tore Zhuang Keer's clothes apart…

"Bastard! All of you stop! If you're that capable, then come for me! Don't touch my sister!" In the corner, when Zhuang Rongguang saw Zhuang Keer being pushed to the ground, his entire face collapsed. Earlier, he had been beaten up and was dying on the floor but now, he sprung up and fought like crazy with two men.

"Don't touch her! Don't touch her! If you dare, then come for me!"

It was not sure where Zhuang Rongguang found the strength. He actually struggled away from the two buff men and rushed to Zhuang Keer, ready to push off the tattooed man…