Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1148: Are You Still A Man?

When she saw Ning Xi's increasingly ghastly expression with some hints of those uncontrollable emotions at the warehouse, Zhuang Keer quickly held her hand and consoled, "Xiao Xi, it's okay, they're just small bruises!"

Though, when she heard these words, Ning Xi's expression did not calm down.

Were these really just small bruises? To any woman, such an incident would cause trauma and even cast fear across a person's life. It could not be measured by the number of external wounds!

Furthermore, this was Zhuang Keer, a simple, innocent and well-protected girl who had never been wronged like this, yet she had met with such a horrific incident.

Thankfully, she had come in time and those people did not get away with it or else, she would not have let go of any of them. She would even chop Zhuang Rongguang into pieces!

Ning Xi took a deep breath and restrained the aura around her that wanted to wreak havoc. She lightly put medication on Zhuang Keer's wounds. "It hurts a little, bear with it for a while."

Zhuang Keer was afraid that Ning Xi would lose control again, so she did not dare to cry out even if it hurt. She repeatedly consoled her instead, "It's okay, it doesn't hurt that much…"

In the corner, Zhuang Rongguang, who had not spoken a word since the warehouse, stared stunned at the horrific bruises on Zhuang Keer's body. In his head, he kept replaying that scene of Zhuang Keer being assaulted while he was helpless…

The dark clouds that shrouded him grew increasingly dense. The air pressure was increasingly low and, at last, it was as if he had finally reached his breaking point. He suddenly exploded…

Zhuang Rongguang balled his fists so hard that they creaked and his upper shoulders were shaking ferociously. In the quiet living room, his stammering sobs and whimpers were heard. They were akin to the sounds a trapped beast made and it was getting louder and louder… ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

When she heard the sound behind her, Ning Xi paused putting medication on Zhuang Keer and turned to look at the youth who was crying his eyes out uncontrollably…

To be honest, the person she wanted to kill most in the storehouse was Zhuang Rongguang. The reason why she had not said a single word to Zhuang Rongguang or even glanced at him once was that she was afraid she would lose control.

With her temperament, it was a waste of space to leave such dregs here!

Ning Xi treated the last wound on Zhuang Keer before she put down the medication in her hand, closed the first aid kit and looked up calmly at the young boy.

"Zhuang Rongguang, you want freedom, want to be at ease and unrestrained. You want a life that isn't being controlled by anyone, don't you? Well then, let me tell you that it doesn't matter if you smoke, drink, fight, race, or gamble. That's right, these are all free for you to do! You're already 18 years old, you're an adult, so you have a right to choose your own life! Even your parents have no right to plan your future! You can do whatever you want to do!"

When she said this, Ning Xi's eyes suddenly turned cold. "But the prerequisite for all of this is that you must have the godd*mned capability to take the burden of your choices and its consequences! If you can't, then stop telling people to stop intervening your life while doing things that make your closest kin worry for you! To let a helpless girl gather five million and rush to that chaotic and dangerous place late at night to pay your ransom! Ask yourself, are you still a man?"

Zhuang Rongguang choked on his sobs and walked to Zhuang Keer with a tear-stained face, then knelt down and started slapping his face. "Sis…sorry…sorry…"