Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1152: Damn It! Listen To Me My Dear Wife…

Ning Xi slept soundly with Zhuang Keer beside her in Ning Xi's pajamas. She was cuddling with Ning Xi…

Lu Tingxiao's expression turned dark instantly.

She had gone out for work till late at night. Not only did she not see him, she had slept with another woman?!

Probably due to the strong aura of hatred emanating from Lu Tingxiao, Zhuang Keer woke up. She saw Lu Tingxiao by the door and was shocked. "Ah…"

Ning Xi woke up as well. The moment she saw Lu Tingxiao, her expression changed. She sat up and said, "Damn it! Listen to me, my dear wife…"

Lu Tingxiao was speechless.

Ning Xi felt that something was off about what she just said…

She was dazed!

It was all Zhuang Rongguang's fault! He kept calling her a man and a bro. She almost thought she was really a man!

Ning Xi cleared her throat and returned to her usual self. "Boss, why are you here? Ah, my little bun is here too! Wait for me outside, I'll be there soon!"

The little bun nodded obediently and went to the living room.

Lu Tingxiao pinched the space between his eyebrows. "I'll leave you guys to change first."

He then slowly closed the door.

As Ning Xi was picking out clothes for herself and Zhuang Keer, she saw Zhuang Keer not looking very happy, so she asked nervously, "Keer, what's wrong?"

Zhuang Keer looked at Ning Xi and mumbled, "For some reason, I think Lu Tingxiao hates me!"

Ning Xi's mouth twitched. "Just ignore him. As long as I like you!" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Mmm." Zhuang Keer nodded with a smile.

While Ning Xi acted tough on the outside, her heart was throbbing fast. Apparently, the devil was being jealous again…

…

After Ning Xi finished changing, she went to the living room. The little bun went up to her quickly.

Ning Xi held him up happily and kissed his soft little cheeks. "My little bun! I really missed you! Give me a kiss!"

She glanced at the cold Lu Tingxiao on the sofa. After she was done with the little bun, she slowly went up to Lu Tingxiao. She kissed the man's lips and in a volume that little bun could not hear, she said, "Of course, I miss my sweetheart even more…"

Lu Tingxiao's expression was still pretty gloomy but he felt much better listening to the girl's sweet words.

Still, he did not forget about the important issue at hand. "If I'm not mistaken, it was already midnight when you reached Imperial last night."

It did not make sense that Zhuang Keer would appear here at that time.

At the same time, Lu Tingxiao's eyes landed on the sofa on the opposite. There were obvious traces that someone had slept on it.

The doorbell rang just then.

Could it be Zhuang Rongguang?

Ning Xi went up and opened the door. Just as she thought, it was Zhuang Rongguang.

"Sis! Sis Xi! I bought you both breakfast!"

Ning Xi scratched her head, then reported what happened to Lu Tingxiao like a primary school kid reporting her homework to the homeroom teacher. "Actually, Zhuang Rongguang was in trouble and angered Chief Zhuang again, so Keer brought him over here just for the night…"