Chapter 1154: Overnight Growth

At the Zhuang residence, after Zhuang Keer and Zhuang Rongguang reached home, Zhuang Rongguang spent some time and effort to find his long-lost school bag. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

All the textbooks inside were almost brand new. There was even a new English dictionary and an electronic dictionary. The stationery was well prepared. It was all thanks to Zhuang Keer…

Zhuang Rongguang swept the dust off the bag, then took out a new set of uniform which he had never worn before from his messy wardrobe. On the school badge was "Hong Wen High School". After he found his uniform and bag, Zhuang Rongguang took a shaver. He went into the toilet and trimmed his most treasured hair, letting it fall into the flat hairstyle that he hated the most.

He wiped off the bits and pieces of hair on his neck. Zhuang Rongguang stared into the mirror and looked at himself for a long time, his eyes tearing up. He took a deep breath and forced his tears back in. Then, he went back to his bedroom, put on his uniform and picked up his school bag.

Zhuang Rongguang closed his bedroom door and left his bedroom.

As he passed by Zhuang Keer’s room, he stopped. He looked at the weak-looking yet always protective sister and called her, "Sis…"

Zhuang Keer was folding the laundry in her room. She turned around as she heard someone calling her. To her amazement, she whispered when she saw who was at the door, "You…Rongguang…"

The young man stood up straight. He had put on his blue school uniform and slung his bag over his shoulder. His clean, short hair made him look freshened up. The light in his eyes especially made him look like the rising sun…

This…was her brother…?

Although he was still the same person, he also felt like totally different…

She had never seen him like this…

Zhuang Keer almost could not recognize him. She did not know how to react.

Zhuang Rongguang greeted his sister, "Sis, I’ll be going to school now."

Zhuang Keer returned to her senses. She just replied instinctively, "Oh, okay…it’s still early now, be careful on the road!"

"Mmm, okay." Zhuang Rongguang nodded. He looked at Zhuang Keer and seemed like he wanted to say something, but in the end, he just left.

Sis Xi said it. A man should walk the walk, and not just talk.

Zhuang Keer still felt surreal. She quickly went to the balcony to look out. She had really seen her brother walk out in his uniform with his school bag. Her eyes welled up…

The 18-year-old young man seemed to have grown up overnight…

At Hong Wen High School in Imperial, Zhuang Rongguang was actually pretty handsome, but his old look was intimidating and he always looked for trouble everywhere, thus no one liked to be near him.

With his new short haircut, Zhuang Rongguang went to school. He walked past the green blinds with his hands in his pockets. He attracted a lot of attention on the road, especially from the high school girls, who were all discussing him…

"Wow! Who’s that guy? He looks so cool!"

"I don’t know! I’ve never seen him before! How can I not know about such a hot guy in our school?!"

"Ugh, why does he look a little like Zhuang Rongguang?"

"Zhuang Rongguang? You mean that troublemaker… Are you kidding me?"

…

More and more people talked about him. Finally, a girl was impatient. "This is stupid, we’ll know the moment we call his name!"

She then raised her voice and yelled, "Hey, Zhuang Rongguang! Zhuang Rongguang!"

Zhuang Rongguang turned around as he heard someone call out his name. "What?"