Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chapter 1155: Get Lost!

The students' jaws fell when they heard his reply.

"Wow! That’s really Zhuang Rongguang! Did he go for plastic surgery?"

"Can plastic surgery fix his brain as well?"

"Hahaha, who knows? Maybe it can even cure his stupidity…"

…

Everyone roared with laughter. With Zhuang Rongguang’s former attitude, he would have already punched the person in the face, but because of his near-death experience last night, he felt his former self had been so childish that he almost wanted to give himself a tight slap in the face.

They were right. He had been pretty stupid before.

Zhuang Rongguang just stayed quiet when people laughed at him. He turned around and walked to class to everyone's surprise.

"What’s happening? Did he eat something wrong?"

"Maybe he argued with his family!"

"That’s not something new. He’s just a useless guy!"

"I think he was probably triggered by something…"

"No point guessing. Isn’t it good that we have another handsome guy in our school? I’ll leave handsome Zhang to you. I'm on my way to the new target!"

…

The whole day of classes took a toll on Zhuang Rongguang.

Because he never really paid attention in class, he had no idea what was happening. It was like he was listening to some foreign language and he felt like he was being tortured.

Finally, school ended. The young man looked a little disappointed, but he was not about to give up yet…

By the school entrance, there were two people with weird clothes and odd hairstyles. They had cigarettes between their fingers and were puffing while looking at the students walk out…

One of them whipped out his phone and made a call. "Hey, Xiao Guang, where are you? Why's your phone switched off all the time?!"

"Opposite you." Zhuang Rongguang looked at his former best friends right outside the school entrance.

Sun Bin looked around to see a guy with a phone by his ear and his cigarette dropped out of his mouth. "You…Xiao Guang?"

Zhuang Rongguang ended the call and walked up to them. "What’s up?"

Sun Bin and Liang Haoqiang looked at each other in disbelief.

"Xiao Guang, are you alright?"

Zhuang Rongguang looked at the time on his phone impatiently. "If you have something to tell me then just say it or else, I’m going home."

"Hey, Xiao Guang, are you angry about what happened last night? We really couldn’t do anything. Where could we have gotten so much money?! By the way, how did you get out of it? Did your sister bring the money over?" Sun Bin asked.

"Did you ask more from your sister? Let’s go and win some back! You must be able to do it. You have good luck!" Liang Haoqiang was excited.

Last night, when he was abandoned by the both of them, he thought countless times that he would bash them up the moment he saw them, but now, he felt that he did not want to waste any time and effort on them.

If he had really been betrayed by his brothers, he might really get angry, but the two of them…were they even his friends?

"Get lost!" Zhuang Rongguang spun on his heel and left.