Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 122: Have Your Back For The Rest Of Our Lives

"Eh, Boss… Boss Lu…" Just now he had still refused to stop bothering Ning Xi, which had instantly turned into shock. But his expression quickly turned fawning. "Boss Lu is also interested in this chick? If that’s the case, you first, you first!"

In the room, everyone who had been enjoying the spectacle changed; what was going on?

That Lu Tingxiao who, when he attended any social engagement, was always cold as ice and never showed interest in any woman — today, why was he interested in a drunk woman who had stumbled into the wrong room?

Ignoring their reactions, Lu Tingxiao only had one person in his eyes at that moment.

He knitted his eyebrows together as he looked at the tipsy girl in his arms. "What’s going on?"

"Lu…" Ning Xi almost called him by name before she stopped herself in time, and murmured, "I walked into the wrong room…"

The light in the room had been quite dim, so she hadn’t realized Lu Tingxiao was there.

Admist a sea of beer bellies, Lu Tingxiao’s presence was simply a breath of fresh air.

"Which room are you in? I’ll walk you back." Lu Tingxiao didn't care about all the stares behind him as he walked Ning Xi out.

Earlier he had been resting with his eyes closed. He had heard the laughter in the room faintly, but hadn’t really paid attention, until he heard Ning Xi’s familiar voice. When he opened his eyes, he saw Zhu Xiangcheng about to pull Ning Xi in and make a move on her.

In that moment, he had felt the impulse to surge forward and break that man’s hand.

But he couldn’t scare his girl, so he tamped down his rage with effort, and pretended to be a stranger as he rescued her.

After they left the room, Ning Xi finally breathed a sigh of relief. "Lu Tingxiao, thank you, if not for you, I reckon I would have caused a lot of trouble tonight!" For she would have become violent, if that man had refused to listen to her.

"So what if you cause trouble? I’ll help you clean it up. If you encounter a situation like this next time, don’t let yourself be taken advantage of again!" Lu Tingxiao lectured her with a serious expression.

Ning Xi laughed and sighed. "Ai, it feels good for someone to have my back!"

Once she left the Lu home, and Little Bun no longer needed, did they mean she and Lu Tingxiao would become strangers too? Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

For some reason, thinking of that made her feel a little sad…

Lu Tingxiao stroked the girl’s head. As long as you agree, I’ll have your back for the rest of our lives.

Ning Xi waved away thoughts she shouldn’t be having. "I’m fine now, I can make it back on my own!"

"Are you sure you’ll be fine on your own?" Lu Tingxiao’s face showed that he wasn’t convinced.

"Yes yes, hurry and go back!" Ning Xi waved her hand as she backed away.

Lu Tingxiao had known the production crew would be eating here tonight, which was why he had accepted that boring party invitation from those people.

Of course, he was very clear on which room Ning Xi was in.

So when he saw Ning Xi heading in the opposite direction, he sighed helplessly and caught up to her with long strides. "Forget it, it’s better that I walk you back! What's your room number?"

"Mm, it’s 801!"

"801 is not in this direction." Lu Tingxiao guided her in the right direction.

Only when he had walked her to the door did Lu Tingxiao stop. "Go in, don't run around anymore after this. If you’re going to the restroom, make sure you find a friend to go with you. If you can’t find anyone, Jiang Muye will do."

Huh, look for Jiang Muye to accompany her to the restroom?

"Got it! Thank you Big Boss Lu for walking me back personally!" Ning Xi made a heart with her fingers.

Lu Tingxiao’s lips curled up, and the last bit of his dark thoughts were swept away. "Text me when you’re done, we’ll go back together."