Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 123: A Kiss To Stake His Claim

After Ning Xi came back, Jiang Muye finally breathed a sigh of relief. "What took you so long? I thought you fell into the toilet!"

"Worse than a toilet, I fell into a den of wolves!" Ning Xi sank down onto a sofa, still in shock.

"What do you mean?" Jiang Muye frowned.

"I walked into the wrong room. You won’t believe it, it was all the tycoons in the capital under one roof! There was even one disgusting fatty who wouldn’t let me go, and forced me to drink with him!"

"What?" Jiang Muye’s face instantly changed, and he checked her anxiously from head to toe. "Then how did you escape?"

Ning Xi snorted. "Because I was lucky, and bumped into the biggest Boss of all the bosses."

Hearing this, Jiang Muye’s facial expression darkened. "Don’t tell me it was Lu Tingxiao?"

Ning Xi snapped her fingers. "Bingo! Correct, Big Boss Lu was so cool and saved me in time, he even walked me back to the room in person!"

Jiang Muye: "…" Where was the rumored high IQ and low EQ? Was this person who was so good at picking up girls really the Lu Tingxiao that he knew?

After the gathering, everyone said their farewells.

"Ning Xi, how are you getting back? Do you want me to give you a lift?" Ye Ling Long asked.

"Thank you Sister Ye, it’s okay, my friend is nearby, and will give me a lift back."

"Then I’m heading off!"

"Okay, drive safe!"

"What about Muye? How are you getting back?" Guo Qisheng asked.

"I’ll wait for my manager."

"Okay, then I will see you two tomorrow. If the weather is good, we’ll pick up from where we left off today. Today’s rain and hail was really too strange!" Guo Qisheng muttered gloomily.

After everyone in the production crew left, Jiang Muye and Ning Xi were the last two waiting at the main entrance.

Ning Xi was both sleepy and drunk. It was clear that she was fast becoming unable to prop herself up, and she leaned on the golden pillar behind her, squinting like a dead dog.

Jiang Muye slanted her a look. "Brother Ming will be here in a bit, what friend are you waiting for, just directly go back with me! Wait, don’t me you’re waiting for…"

Before he had finished speaking, a man in a suit and leather shoes walked out of the hotel lobby. Under the moonlight, his steady steps drew closer to the sleepy Ning Xi, and his voice was like a summer night’s breeze. "Ning Xi."

Ning Xi could barely open her eyes. "Lu Tingxiao."

To her, the man before her eyes had already become synonymous with safety. As soon as he appeared in her field of vision, she finally let go of the last bit of her consciousness, her body relaxing and falling to one side… Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Beside her, Jiang Muye was alarmed, and was about to reach out and help her, but someone else was faster, and had already taken a step forward so that the girl fell right into his arms.

Lu Tingxiao’s gaze was tender as he helped the girl fix her messy hair, then one arm went under her knees to gently lift her up.

At the same time, a black Maybach came to a silent stop in front of the entrance. The driver quickly got out of the car to open the car door.

Seeing Lu Tingxiao act as if he wasn’t there as he carried Ning Xi into the car, Jiang Muye couldn’t take it anymore. He turned on the voice recorder on his cellphone, then called out from behind. "Uncle!"

Lu Tingxiao slowed down and turned his body slightly, his eyes asking if something was wrong.

Jiang Muye gritted his teeth. He still needed to ask if something was wrong? Could he not look so matter-of-fact about it?

"What exactly are your intentions towards Ning Xi?" Jiang Muye asked directly, giving him a deadly stare.

Lu Tingxiao looked at the girl in his arms. "Towards Ning Xi…"

"Yes! Don’t you think your attitude towards her is too strange and too intimate?" Under the huge pressure from Lu Tingxiao’s presence, Jiang Muye forced himself to keep talking, and held his phone in a death grip at the same time, waiting for an answer nervously.

Lu Tingxiao looked indifferently at the youth in front of him. "I thought I was already obvious enough, but since you still don't understand…"

In the next second, Jiang Muye’s pupils contracted sharply!

The man in the dark in front of him didn't speak directly, and instead lowered his head to gently kiss the girl on the lips.

Three seconds later, the expression of profound adoration which the man had been wearing changed, replaced by an icy cold gaze as he stared at the youth gaping in dumb shock. "Do you understand now?"