Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1232: Sweet Taste Of Love

After she posted the photos, thousands of girls went crazy in the comments section!

"Ah! Why is my screen so dirty!? Lick lick!"

"My hubby's sexy-at-home look. I'm losing it!"

"What a hot photo, you dirty little creature!"

…

Some of the netizens realized something…

"Don't you guys think that in Bro Xi's picture…there's an odd sweet taste of love?"

"Yes! I can feel like I'm in love at first glance! The way Bro Xi looks into my eyes is like she's a gazing into the eye of a lover!"

"My body is trembling! I'm really jealous of Bro Xi's photographer! To be so near to her!"

…

Ning Xi read through the comments, then she somewhat understood Lu Tingxiao's reaction the other day.

Hmm, maybe the devil really was being professional after all? I did seduce him…

Well, it was the devil's fault for being so attractive in the first place…

As Ning Xi was scrolling through the comments section, her phone rang. It was a call from Jiang Muye.

"Hey, what's the matter?"

"So, I can't find you without anything important now huh, big shot!?" Jiang Muye mumbled.

Ning Xi teasingly replied him, "What? Are you jealous?"

"You still have a long way to go!" Jiang Muye had said it over and over again before, but this time, his tone was much humbler.

"What's up?" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

After a while, Jiang Muye finally asked, "Your photos…who took them for you?"

"Why are you asking this?"

"Answer me first!"

"Your uncle! Who else?" Ning Xi replied.

"Hmph…I knew it…that cheeky smile…" Jiang Muye then ended the call abruptly.

Ning Xi was confused.

This crazy guy! He called just to ask me this?

After Jiang Muye, Chen Mian soon called her.

"Xiao Xi, who took your photos for you?"

She did not expect Chen Mian to ask her the same question.

"A friend of mine took them for me at home. Is there any problem?" Ning Xi asked.

Chen Mian laughed, "No problem, no problem! Your friend takes good pictures! This is great!"

Chen Mian then continued, "Do you know that I just got news that within the two hours after you posted the photos, all the tickets were sold out in all cinemas!? We might break the record for the reaching highest box office number in a day!"

"Really?!" Ning Xi only knew her pictures were doing well, but she did not realize that they could affect the box office to such an extent.

Chen Mian chuckled, "It's understandable that we have managed to achieve this much. You're reaching both the male and female fans!"

"I see…okay…"

"So, I have to remind you, you can't be too biased towards your female fans. If we break the record, remember to post a set of photos of you in a female outfit. It'd be great if your friend can help you again!" Chen Mian was looking out for her male fans.

Ning Xi smiled. "Sure!"