Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1240: Go On A Show With The Devil

When everyone saw her, the people who usually ignored her suddenly stood up. The newbies, who were still in training, joined in as well, offering their praises.

"Ah! Bro Xi! Bro Xi, can you give me a signature? I'm your fan!"

"Senior! You're awesome! I wonder when will I ever become like you…"

"Sis Xi, it's been some time since you last came here! I'm glad that I didn't change my shift today! Can I take a picture with you?"

Not only Ning Xi, even Xiao Tao was surrounded by some people. She had been Leng Manyun's assistant before. she had been "demoted" to be Ning Xi's assistant. Many people had laughed at her, but now the way people looked at her changed.

"Xiao Tao, you're really lucky! You've worked with Sis Manyun before, and now Ning Xi is so popular!"

"Right, it's a blessing that you followed Sis Ling's arrangement. Sis Ling was right!" nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Please remember us if you're going to do well in the future…"

…

After being delayed for quite some time, Ning Xi and Xiao Tao finally got past them and arrived at Ling Zhizhi's office.

"I bet they don't dare to look down on us anymore!" Xiao Tao was relieved as she went to get Ning Xi a glass of water.

Ling Zhizhi did not need Xiao Tao's explanation to guess what had happened outside. She handed Ning Xi a full schedule. "These are your arrangements for the next month. We can adjust again if you have any issues with it."

She then gave Ning Xi a few other documents. "These are some information about the recent shows. As for your new movie, there are a lot of scripts here, but you have to pick carefully. It's not urgent."

"Thank you, Sis Zhizhi!" She looked at Ling Zhizhi's dark eyebags and gratefully took the stuff from her hands.

The first document on the stack was about "Beauty's Specialties".

Ning Xi glanced through it. "Hmm…the director invited me to go with Chen Hanchen?"

Ling Zhizhi nodded. "Yes, I thought about it and I think this show suits you right now. The audience would like to see you appearing with Chen Hanchen as well."

"Hmm…" Ning Xi scratched her head, then she told Ling Zhizhi, "Sis Zhizhi, I have a request!"

"What is it?" Ling Zhizhi asked.

"For the male guest on this show, can we invite Ke Mingyu?" Ning Xi begged.

Ling Zhizhi was a little surprised, then she stared at her incredulously.

Ning Xi felt a little awkward. "Sis Zhizhi, please don't misunderstand. It's just that I owe him one. I want to help him a little since he's from Glory World as well, so it'd great for both me and the company, right?"

Lu Tingxiao had assigned his character Ke Mingyu under a manager of Glory World Entertainment.

Ling Zhizhi thought about it carefully. "Actually, Ke Mingyu is too low-profile. He has quite some fans himself, so I guess we can invite him since he's in the same company as us, but I think the crew favors Chen Hanchen's popularity more. It might be difficult to convince them…"

Ning Xi looked confident. "That's easy, I can tell them that if they agree to let Ke Mingyu to appear on the show, I'll attend the show in a male outfit!"