Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 125: Little Bun Is Angry

Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Jiang Muye had a huge headache. "But what about the movie I’m in the middle of doing… do I have to drop out?"

Lei Ming muttered to himself, then concluded, "Not necessarily. <The World> is a movie set in ancient times, and has a lot of large scenes, so the shooting schedule runs for a bit longer. I can speak to the director about moving all your scenes to the end of the schedule, and we’ll take responsibility for any losses during this period of time. I believe Guo Qisheng will agree to it."

Jiang Muye grabbed his hair in agitation. "Looks like this is the only way. Sheet, why has the whole world been against me lately? That collaboration with HN was a done deal, what could have gone wrong there? And filming a kissing scene in summer, only for it to even hail…"

The more Jiang Muye spoke, the more he felt something was off, and finally, he punched the mattress. "F***! Lu Tingxiao! You are just too shameless —"

…

Lu residence.

Seeing papa bring a drunk Auntie Xiao Xi back, Little Treasure’s face was filled with blame and accusations.

Lu Tingxiao laid Ning Xi on top of her bed, then met his son’s gaze with a raised eyebrow as he explained, "I wasn't the one who made her drink."

Little Treasure still looked accusing.

Lu Tingxiao was helpless. "Fine, it was my fault, I didn't take care of her properly."

Hearing the sincerity in his papa’s voice, Little Treasure finally stopped looking unhappy. He ran dengdengdeng to the bathroom, and not long after, came out with a hot towel. Taking off his shoes, he climbed onto the bed and sat by Ning Xi’s side as he carefully and seriously wiped her face clean, then her hands .

Watching him act like the perfect filial son, Lu Tingxiao was pleased, yet he sighed.

He had never received such treatment, even though he was the real father.

"Ugh… my head hurts…"

Little Bun's heart hurt so much when he heard Ning Xi’s murmurs of discomfort that he hurriedly bent over Ning Xi to blow the pain away.

There was a glint in Lu Tingxiao’s eyes as he looked at his son and said, "This is part of Auntie Xiao Xi’s job, and even I can't interfere. But if it’s you, you can try persuading her to drink less from now on, she listens to you more."

Little Bun thought that this was a very decent suggestion, and with a serious face, he nodded to indicate that he would take on this important task.

The next morning.

When Ning Xi woke up, she saw Little Bun leaning over the edge of her bed with a stern little face; he looked very unhappy.

Ning Xi hurriedly sat up. "Mm, what’s wrong, darling? Has something happened? Why this face? You look like your dad!"

She laughed and squeezed his little face.

Little Bun swiftly took out writing pad from behind his back, and started flipping the pages one by one.

Teacher Little Bun had drawn a vivid comic book, with excellent illustrations and text describing the harmful effects which drinking can have&nbsp;on the heart, blood, bones, stomach, liver, and so on…

After he had finished flipping through all the pages, Little Bun continued to look at her with that serious face, and his meaning was clear.

Ning Xi coughed softly. "Cough, that, little darling, actually drinking is not as scary as you think it is, it can help to reduce cholesterol, increase your confidence, stimulate the brain, even control your weight gain…"

Ning Xi listed the benefits on her fingers. She knew that Little Bun was worried about her, but she couldn’t simply promise a little kid something she couldn’t do; how could she quit drinking in this business?

Hearing this, Little Bun’s black eyes filled with anger and disappointment, and he turned around to run out of the room.

"Ai… don’t go…" Ning Xi grabbed her hair in embarrassment.