Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 129: Like An Alluring Spirit

Su Yan and Ning Xueluo went back to the dressing room, the two of them feeling frustrated.

Ning Xueluo stood in front of him, at a loss. Tears fell from her eyes. "Brother Yan, do you blame me? Blame me because I couldn’t agree to Ning Xi’s request."

Su Yan lovingly reached out to wipe away her tears. "How could I blame you!"

Ning Xueluo immediately jumped into his arms, as if she had been redeemed. "Brother Yan, thank you. Thank you for believing me and understanding me. It’s not the Ning family's wealth or rank that I can’t let go of, but I just can’t leave father or mother. At the thought of leaving them, at the thought of never seeing them, I…"

"Hush, don't cry. I know, I know everything…" Su Yan patted her gently on the back and sighed. "I was too naive to think that she was the same as before. Xueluo, I promise you that from now on, I won’t let you be mistreated again because of her, and I won't let her hurt you ever again!"

"Brother Yan…" Ning Xueluo looked infatuatedly at the man in front of her. She put her satiny arms around his neck, and kissed him.

"This is the production set, if someone sees us…"

"So what if they see? You are my boyfriend!" Ning Xueluo pouted playfully as she sat directly on his lap. She placed her fingers on his chest and undid his buttons one by one.

Heh, Ning Xi, I'm going to sleep with your man, take that…

A moment later, amorous gasps came from the dressing room.

"Hmm… ah! Brother Yan, you’re amazing! Hard! A little harder…"

"Brother Yan, between me and Ning Xi, who do you think is better? Hmm? Who's better?"

"You, of course!"

In terms of looks, Ning Xi had an edge, but she was too bashful and timid. In particular, she knew absolutely nothing about sex, let alone think about actively doing something to make him happy.

At first, he had actually liked how pure and simple she was compared with other girls, but it became too boring over time.

But the current Ning Xi was a completely different person to her old self; instead, she was just like…

Like an alluring spirit… Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

While her personality had become so terrible and so unreasonable, it was impossible to look away from her…

The man’s gasps became more urgent, and in the last moment, it was that indifferent half-smile that he saw in his mind…

"Sister Xueluo, filming is going to start soon, can I call the makeup artist to come in and do your makeup for you?" The assistant’s face was red as she stood awkwardly outside the door.

She had gotten used to such things after being with Ning Xueluo for so long.

What fresh and pure virgin…she was clearly a sex fiend. People should listen to how wanton the goddess of their heart was in bed…

Ning Xi had already been ready since early on, but she had to wait for half an hour before Ning Xueluo finally strolled over.

"I’m sorry to have kept everyone waiting, but my skin isn't very good today, so it took a while to get my makeup done," Ning Xueluo explained apologetically in a hoarse and languid tone. She looked at Ning Xi with a slightly smug and goading air. When she walked past her, she deliberately pulled at her collar, revealing a red kiss mark on her neck.

Her face was flushed, her eyes sparkled, and there was a sweet scent on her, as if she was afraid no one could tell what she had just done.

The veins on Ning Xi’s forehead bulged slightly. If it wasn't because they were shooting a scene, she didn't want to breathe the same air as her for even a minute, she was just so disgusted.

Guo Qisheng clapped his hands. "Alright, since everyone is now here, let’s get started! Everyone take your places, ACTION!"