Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1300: They're All Trash

After dinner, Ning Xi came downstairs after she put Little Treasure to sleep.

It was a rare occasion for the house to be this quiet.

Lu Jingli's eyes sold out his paparazzi desperation. "Well, Xiao Xi Xi, if it's a really private matter, you don't have to tell us about it! I'm just concerned. It looks like Mo Yuxiu has a great deal of hatred towards you. If anything has happened, you have to let me know, so I can do something about it!"

Ning Xi rolled her eyes at him. She would love to see if Lu Jingli would start crying should she ask them to go to sleep now! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Any alcohol? Go and get something to drink!" Ning Xi told Lu Jingli.

"Yes, yes!" Lu Jingli nodded.

"Wait!" Ning Xi suddenly yelled, going to Lu Tingxiao. "Boss, can I drink a little tonight? Just a little! I'm going to stay here for the night and won't be driving!"

Lu Tingxiao ran his fingers through her hair. "You don't have to say anything."

Ning Xi felt warm inside as she looked into the man's eyes. "But I wanted to tell you. There are a lot of things that I can't achieve and can't tell you about. I don't know how far can I go, but I've been putting in effort. I've been trying to go higher. I want to remove the thorns on me to be closer to you, closer…"

Lu Tingxiao was intensely touched by her sudden outflow of emotions and he hugged her. "It's alright, you don't have to remove the thorns…"

It doesn't matter if I get hurt.

…

Somewhere nearby, Lu Jingli and Jiang Muye were watching.

Lu Jingli spoke up, "Did they forgot about our existence?"

Jiang Muye replied, "We exist?"

Lu Jingli then went to fetch a bottle of good wine.

Lu Jingli tried to be understanding and cleared his throat, "Actually, if it's really private, the both of us can go back first!"

Ning Xi said, "It's alright, Jiang Muye knows about it, and you're Lu Tingxiao's brother, not just anyone."

Most importantly, if she really left him out today, he would surely pester her later on…

Lu Jingli was surprised. "Damn you, Jiang Muye! You knew after all!"

Ning Xi poured herself a glass of wine. She took a sip and then looked at Lu Tingxiao. "I'll keep it short. I do have some past conflict with Mo Yuxiu. Three years ago, I made him gay, and the traumatic experience seemed to have given him erectile dysfunction!"

Lu Jingli was so bewildered by this that he spit out the wine. "Bro Xi, can you not give me such shocking news right off the bat?!"

No matter how hard he guessed, he never would have thought of this.

As expected of Ning Xi…

Lu Jingli took a deep breath. "Can I ask why is it that all of your exes have such miserable experiences?"

"Because they're all trash!" Ning Xi replied matter-of-factly.

"And you still went out with them?" Lu Jingli suddenly understood something.

When he heard about Ning Xi, he did not know anything about her. He just knew that all of her exes were pretty miserable, including Jiang Muye. It was his first time being abandoned by someone. At first, Lu Jingli thought it was all a coincidence, but now he realized maybe it was not…