Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1322: Just A Fake?

After Ning Qiutong and Ning Xi left, Ning Yaohua and Zhuang Lingyu looked upset.

Zhuang Lingyu was still furious. "That brat! She was still trying to quibble…"

Ning Xueluo suddenly spoke up, "Father, Mother, over these years, I'm really grateful for the both of you! Thank you for your care! Thank you for your love and trust! Now that things have progressed this way, it's really not what I hoped for. Although I really don't want to, I think I should leave…"

Zhuang Lingyu's expression changed. "Xueluo, what do you mean?"

Ning Yaohua frowned. "Xueluo, what are you talking about? Where are you going?"

Ning Xueluo miserably looked at them. "Wherever! I don't want to add anymore trouble to this family. The both of you have sacrificed a lot for me! Grandfather is right. If I'm really grateful, I shouldn't keep staying here! I-I don't belong here after all… I should go back to where I belong… I should've done this much earlier. It's all my fault!"

"Xueluo, your grandfather isn't chasing you out. You don't have to care about what anyone says as well. I brought you up, and I know who you are. Would anyone know you better than your own mother? Don't do anything foolish. Don't leave me!" Zhuang Lingyu begged.

Ning Xueluo cried, "But, Mother, I can't stay in this home anymore… Sorry, I'm really sorry!"

Zhuang Lingyu stared at Ning Yaohua and urged him to do something.

Ning Yaohua sighed, "Xueluo, I know that it's been hard for you, but things aren't as serious as you think. Not many people were at the party yesterday anyway. I've ordered an information lockdown as well, so it definitely won't cause any damage to your career! You're our sweetheart, and we'll always be by your side. Who would dare to look down on you?"

"That's right!" Zhuang Lingyu went along.

As Ning Xueluo felt slightly better, Ning Yaohua's phone suddenly rang.

It was Su Hongguang. The head of the Su family had called him!

Ning Yaohua's expression changed. Under Zhuang Lingyu and Ning Xueluo's nervous gazes, he picked up the phone. "Hello…"

"President Ning, I'm pretty sure you know why I'm calling. I hope you can give me a good answer! The Su family is one of the most prestigious families in Imperial. Now that this happened, are you trying to embarrass us!? We thought we were marrying a princess, and now she's just a fake!" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Ning Yaohua felt attacked, but he had to suppress his emotions. "That's a bit too harsh. We've been taking care of Xueluo since she was young. She's always our sweetheart, always our princess. What do you mean by 'fake'? You know her capabilities and how she's like, don't you?"