Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1327: Sudden Jealousy

Lu Tingxiao was right outside when she opened the door.

"How do you…" Ning Xi was dumbfounded when she saw Lu Tingxiao at the door. "How did you know I'm here?"

He had probably already been on his way here before he called her.

"I guessed."

Ning Xi was impressed. "You're such a genius! But you don't really have to come over, do you? We can talk tomorrow!"

Lu Tingxiao opened his arms wide. "I'm here to give you a hug."

Ning Xi's eyes welled up as she jumped onto the man. "Lu Tingxiao, how can you be so cute?!"

Even after being busy for a whole day, he was here to give her a hug to comfort her?

The both of them embraced each other tightly in the cold night.

Lu Tingxiao ran his fingers through her hair. "Stop overthinking. Whatever has transpired between him and I has nothing to do with you. It's our private grudge."

Ning Xi suddenly realized that Lu Tingxiao seemed to know Yun Shen's identity already.

Did they know each other from before?

"Both of you…know each other?" Ning Xi asked.

"Yes." The man looked at the girl's worried face. "Are you worried about me…or about him?"

Ning Xi smiled. "Of course, I'm worried about my man! Would I still care about others?"

Her man and others.

Lu Tingxiao looked pleased, "You don't have to worry about me. The only person I'd look out for is you."

Ning Xi was at ease after she saw Lu Tingxiao's confidence. While she was happy with the sweet words, she still pouted. "This is a weird thing to be jealous of, isn't it?"

The man looked into her eyes. "He's the person you liked before."

Although Ning Xi had just been fooling around with all the other guys, Yun Shen was the only one she truly liked before.

It was impossible for him to ignore it.

Ning Xi was confused. "Uh…"

What?

Yun Shen was the person she had liked before?

How did he come to that conclusion? Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It seems like she had mentioned it before…

Damn it!

She had probably used that guy as her shield when she tried to reject Lu Tingxiao before.

Lu Tingxiao did not want to trouble her further, so he ended the topic. "It's pretty late already. Go to sleep."

Ning Xi did not let go of her hands around him. "I don't want you to go."

"Then, I'll stay with you for a little longer."

"It's not enough. I want to be your foot accessory. I'll follow you anywhere!" Ning Xi hid her face into Lu Tingxiao's chest. "Ah, my dear, you're so good…so, so, so good… You should marry a flawless fairy instead. I feel that your value has dropped by just being with me…"

"You're the fairy."

"Hehe…liar!"

…

After a while later, Ning Xi sent him off. "I'll stop messing around now. Go home and rest well!"