CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Chapter 1337: Come Out and Hang!

Ning Tianxin smiled calmly. "I didn't tell you because I didn't want to have to hear such things with my own ears!"

Mo Lingtian was stunned. He was suddenly speechless.

"Lingtian, you don't have to say anymore. I know that you don't like me, and I know you have someone else that you like. I was ready to abort the child. It was just an accident. There's really no need to do so much, or were you worried that I'd use the child to force you into marrying me?"

"No! I didn't mean that!"

If Ning Tianxin was going to cause a ruckus, if she really did, he might even feel slightly better.

Mo Lingtian buried his head in his hands and looked like he was in physical pain. "If this was another woman, I might give her a lump sum of money, but, Tianxin, I…I really don't know how to face you…"

Ning Tianxin smiled. "I'm really thankful that you didn't talk about giving me a sum of money. Lingtian, go home. It's really nothing."

"I…" Mo Lingtian wanted to say that he would accompany her to the abortion, yet he could not bring himself to. Saying that would sound like he was worried about her and wanted to force her to get the abortion. Even though the thing he had done at that moment was already cruel.

"Go home, I'll go to another hospital later on," sighed Ning Tianxin.

Finally, Mo Lingtian got up and quietly left.

Almost in the instant that Mo Lingtian left, Ning Tianxin's tears fell.

When she heard that there was suddenly no more sound of activity outside, Ning Xi walked out.

She had just stepped out when she saw Ning Tianxin's silent cries as she faced the door. She felt her heart ache so much that she was about to fling the kitchen knife in her hand right out the door.

She did not have to guess the result of their conversation.

"Sis Tianxin, are you really going to just let him off like that?"

"Xiao Xi, let's not talk about it anymore. I've already decided… I want to be alone…"

Ning Xi did not know what to say. She could only hug her, then leave her alone.

If it was those trash men in the past, Ning Xi naturally had a hundred ways to deal with them, yet now the situation involved Sis Tianxin's guy that she loved to his bones to the extent of not wanting to trouble him about things like this.

As an outsider, she could not intervene much in relationship problems. Besides, she was busy enough with her own things.

After she left Ning Tianxin's place, Ning Xi returned to Peachwood.

She sat there deep in her thoughts from noon till sunset.

It had been long since she felt like this. That incident she had intentionally forgotten about and buried in a deep, dark corner had now struggled out like a beast. It was as if a huge mountain was stalking her relentlessly and pressuring her, torturing her in a suffocating way…

The sky dimmed outside her window. Ning Xi got up and changed into a male outfit, then she called Tang Lang and said with a relaxed tone so that no one would pick up anything odd, "Second Senior Brother! Come out and hang!"

"Pfft, no! I wouldn't hang out with you even if I was going to hang! Ever since you started dating, it's not even fun to go out with you!" Tang Lang's tone was filled with disdain from the other end of the phone.

"Come on, come on! I'm waiting for you, okay?"

…

At Bar No. 8, under Ning Xi's persuasion, Tang Lang came in the end.

However, it was not long before Tang Lang had really regretted coming again.

Not because Ning Xi had just sat there without drinking much and being a total bore, this time…

What the hell? The girl was going overboard!