Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1349: Girls Left And Right

"You're welcome. We're from the same company after all," Ning Xi replied.

Ning Xi's down-to-earth attitude made Li Yiqing feel even more grateful. "Sis Xi, my grandfather is a traditional Chinese medicine doctor and he's really good at massaging. I've been learning from him since I was a child. Do you want me to give you a massage?"

Ning Xi smiled. "It's alright, you can work on your stuff. Don't let me affect your work."

Li Yiqing shook her head. "Not really, I've finished my audition already! Let me help you with a massage as a token of appreciation of what happened just now. If not, I'd feel really bad about it!"

Ning Xi saw the girl's passionate eyes, so she could not reject her. "Alright then, thank you."

"Okay!" Li Yiqing stood behind Ning Xi gleefully, her pale little hands on Ning Xi's shoulders and she started massaging.

Although she looked petite, she had quite some strength. The way she massaged was really comfortable.

Li Yiqing frowned a little as she was massaging. "Sis Xi, have you been stressed lately? Your shoulder muscles are really strained!"

Ning Xi looked into the mirror and mumbled, "Mmm, a little…"

Xiao Tao was watching Li Yiqing's actions. "Looks great to know this. I'll learn from you, then I'll be able to help Bro Xi massage the next time!"

Li Yiqing replied, "Sure! I'll teach you!"

When Jiang Muye came in, he saw someone enjoying the company of girls left and right, so he looked a little annoyed. "You really know how to enjoy yourself, huh?!"

"Senior Jiang!" Li Yiqing greeted when she saw it was Jiang Muye. She explained, "Sis Xi helped me out just now, so I'm just massaging her as a token of appreciation!"

"Okay, get out now. I have something to talk about with this girl!" Jiang Muye shooed her out of the room.

Both Li Yiqing and Xiao Tao knew that Jiang Muye was on good terms with Ning Xi, so they both left quickly.

Ning Xi was unhappy when Jiang Muye chased her girls away. "What?"

Jiang Muye looked at her disdainfully. "Look at how relaxed you are. Your death is coming upon you and you're still flirting around…"

"What do you mean? Can you not jinx me this early in the morning?"

"Do you know…who the secondary male lead of this movie is?" Jiang Muye asked.

"What does that have to do with me?"

Jiang Muye raised his eyebrows. "Are you sure? The secondary male lead is Mo Yuxiu!"

Ning Xi suddenly shot to her feet. "Are you kidding me?"

"Kidding you? He's already here! Right outside!" Jiang Muye plopped down on a chair.

"Damn it! That can't be…" Ning Xi was speechless.

As the old saying went, there could not be two tigers in the same territory. At Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Because of you, that guy was willing to stand below me and become a secondary male lead! Ning Xiao Xi, look at you!" Jiang Muye taunted her.

Ning Xu's expression darkened. "Damn it! I'm already troubled enough…"