Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1355: Blessed Day

Su Yan's mother was much more particular than her husband was on this matter because Su Hongguang had an illegitimate child, waiting to take over Su Yan's place anytime.

She was hoping for Su Yan to have a solid marriage so that it could help him in the future. If not, she would not have gone against the relationship between Su Yan and Ning Xi back then.

She was really hostile towards the Ning family's dishonesty. It was no wonder Ning Zhiyuan had only given Ning Xueluo assets and none of the shares, but he had given Ning Xi 10% of shares!

Now, everything made sense.

It still boiled down to legitimacy.

In the end, Ning Yaohua took out his trump card. He grabbed a folder from his suitcase and handed it over to Su Hongguang. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Su Hongguang stared at Ning Yaohua and accepted the folder suspiciously.

Su Hongguang and Zheng Minjun looked at each other in surprise when they saw the contract and share transferral. Apparently, they did not expect Ning Yaohua to go this far.

Ning Yaohua had transferred all 15% of his shares to the non-blood related Ning Xueluo.

"Can you place your faith in me now?" Ning Yaohua said.

Su Hongguang looked much better after he went through the contract. After he going through it, he returned it to Ning Yaohua. "What can I say? You really love Xueluo! I have nothing else to say!"

Ning Yaohua and Zhuang Lingyu looked at each other and felt relieved.

Ning Xueluo was slightly relieved as well, but at the same time, she was also thinking how cunning these elders were. They would only be satisfied when they saw something of value to them.

Luckily, Ning Yaohua had transferred the shares to her, otherwise, her marriage with Su Yan might really be ruined.

Su Yan's mother glanced at the contract and her attitude had an entirely different shift. She sighed, "We're just concerned about our child's future. I hope you don't mind!"

Although Zhuang Lingyu was scornful about their snootiness, she used a much friendlier tone to reply, "We're all parents here. Of course, we understand. We just hope they'll be happy forever. We're satisfied as long as Xueluo is happy!"

The atmosphere between them seemed much better after the share transferral contract was revealed. Ning Yaohua then quickly took the opportunity to mention the marriage. "Su Yan and Xueluo have been together for five years. It's about time for them to settle down!"

Zhuang Lingyu went along, "Xueluo's clothing brand is going to collaborate with another brand in the US. She has some free time right now, but if we wait any longer, she'll be really busy later…"

Su Yan's mother thought about it. "Their relationship and careers are solid. It's true that their marriage can't wait anymore."

Ning Yaohua then looked at Su Yan and Ning Xueluo hopefully. "What do you guys think?"

Ning Xueluo looked down bashfully. "I'll go with whatever you both say."

Su Yan looked absent-minded and did not say anything.

Su Yan's mother looked at her own son curiously. "Su Yan, what about you?"

He returned to his senses. "I have no objections as well."

Su Hongguang then declared, "Tomorrow, I'll go and request for a blessed date from Master Long!"