Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1356: A Breathtaking Chance Encounter

Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Everyone else nodded to what Su Hongguang said, indicating that they did not have any objections.

Su Yan's mother recalled that Master Long had previously said Ning Xueluo had a fate that brought luck to her husband, then she felt much more at ease.

Next up, the two families began to discuss the marriage details and roughly decided upon the flow as if all the previous woe had never happened.

When all was finalized, Ning Xueluo breathed a long sigh of relief. Indeed, what was hers would still be hers!

…

After the dinner ended, the two families were a bundle of joy and harmony. They both cordially bade each other goodbye.

The two parents left separately, while Ning Xueluo and Su Yan left together. With the wedding happening soon, the parents understood that the two lovebirds would want to catch up privately.

Su Hongguang and Zheng Mingjun walked towards the carpark and chatted.

Zheng Mingjun was rather satisfied with the Ning family's attitude for the night although she still felt a sense of unease in her heart about something. She sighed to her husband, "Hey, considering that she was still born to some village woman, Xueluo is actually not bad already. I'm just afraid…afraid that as time goes on, her true colors will be revealed…"

Su Hongguang prioritized profits more, so he did not think much about this. "The Ning family isn't unreasonable. Xueluo has been pampered like a princess since she was young. She's received a great education and nurturing, so I'm sure it won't be that bad.

"Instead, it's that Ning Xi who grew up in the village that would be truly uncouth. Even if they tried to change her in the future, I'm afraid it can't be reversed. Did you forget all the things she did? And there was Elder Ning's birthday banquet the last time at which she actually wore a casual outfit!

"Otherwise, why did you think that cunning Ning Yaohua would rather have a foster daughter than admit Ning Xi is his real daughter?"

As she listened to her husband, Zheng Mingjun nodded. "That's true…"

The two were speaking when two girls bumped into them head-on.

It was Ning Xi and her assistant, Xiao Tao.

At that moment, Ning Xi was wearing Spirit's bespoke high-quality piece with an Oriental vibe. She wore high heels and had light makeup on her. It would not be exaggerating to say that she possessed a celestial beauty. Most importantly, there was no frivolousness on her face. Instead, she exuded a natural elegance.

"Xiao Tao, later on, remember to email me the latest itinerary. I need it urgently…" Ning Xi was talking to Xiao Tao when she looked up and saw the two of them. She could not help but stop for a moment in shock.

Su Hongguang and Zheng Mingjun!

Ning Xi never would have thought that she would bump into Su Yan's parents here.

She would especially recognize his mother, Zheng Mingjun, anywhere. After all, back then, in an effort to break her and Su Yan up, she had really been completely unscrupulous.

She had been a weak, soft and easily bullied girl then. Zheng Mingjun's harsh words had cruelly crushed her naive self, and it was also then that her innocence had been completely turned upside down…

"Hey, Ning Xi, wait up!" Behind her, Director Guo Qisheng caught up.

When Su Hongguang and Zheng Mingjun saw Ning Xi, they did not dare to confirm if it was her, yet when they heard Guo Qisheng call out her name, they exchanged glances and their expressions changed.

How could it be? This pretty girl with an elegant aura was…really Ning Xi?

Ever since Ning Xi had returned to the country, they had only seen her at Elder Ning's birthday banquet. They knew that Ning Xi had entered the entertainment industry too, but they never paid any attention…