Chapter 1364: Second Uncle, You’re Overthinking

On Saturday morning, the little bun had just finished lessons with Elder Song. He was holding a calligraphy scroll when Lu Jingli suddenly grabbed his arm.

"Little bun! Your mother is going to break up with your father! Please convince her! Only you can do this now!"

The little bun struggled out of Lu Jingli's tight grasp and carefully adjusted his outfit.

"Hey…my dear, don't ignore me! I'm being serious here! I'm begging you now because I can't think of anything else! We're all depending on you now!" Ning Xi's schedule in the past several days was unusual. Lu Jingli had missed her countless times, so he could only beg Little Treasure to help him.

The little bun looked at Lu Jingli coldly. "Mommy wants to break up with him?"

The little bun was still calling Lu Tingxiao "him"; not once had he called him "father".

"Yes! It's tomorrow! Your mother has been avoiding your father lately. She asked him out tomorrow and said she has something to tell him! What else is there aside from breaking up?!" Lu Jingli desperately said.

The little bun just stared at Lu Jingli.

Lu Jingli stared back nervously.

They both stared at each other.

After a short while, the little bun spoke up, "Second Uncle."

"Yes!"

"You're overthinking."

Lu Jingli was speechless.

What did he mean by overthinking? What did he mean!?

"My dear bun, I'm being logical, alright?! You'll regret it if you don't listen to me!"

The little bun bit his lip, his expression clearly indicating that he was worried for Lu Jingli's IQ. "Second Uncle, no wonder you still don't have a girlfriend."

Lu Jingli was once again speechless…

Was he that despicable now?

Why did he feel that ever since Little Treasure started talking, half of the time, he was talking to his mother, while the other half of the time, he was saying negative things about Lu Jingli?

Why!?

…

Today, the servants in the Ning residence were all hurriedly busy.

As Ning Xueluo's marriage was just around the corner, they already started decorating the house. They wanted to create a joyful celebration.

Outside the door, there was a young teenager dressed in a casual outfit and he had a big plastic bag in his hands. He also had a large black backpack on his back.

A servant noticed the young teen, so he went over and asked, "Who are you looking for?"

The pondering teenager was taken aback by being called out. He quickly replied, "Um… Is Tang… No, I mean, is Ning Xueluo here?"

The servants looked at him suspiciously. "Why are you looking for her?"

The young man let out a sigh of relief after knowing that he had gone to the right place. "Can you please call her for me? I'm her brother!"

"Brother…?" The servants noticed he was wearing pretty plain clothes and they went into alert mode. "Are you mistaken?! She's a single daughter and has no brother at all!"

"I really am her brother! Please send her a message. Say Tang Nuo is here. She surely knows me!"

The servant saw that he was pretty determined. "Wait here."

In Ning Xueluo's bedroom upstairs, someone knocked on her door.

"Come in!"Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com