Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1375: You That I Love Most

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ning Xi put up a bitter smile. "You can guess what happened afterwards. After I got pregnant, I thought it was Su Yan's child, so I insisted on keeping it. During that time, Su Yan went overseas for a long time and was only back when I was eight months into my pregnancy.

"After he came back, he told me the truth. It wasn't him that night. The child wasn't his. He revealed what Ning Xueluo did to me. He told me that he only lied to cover up what Ning Xueluo did to me.

"When Ning Xueluo told me the truth, I lost control and ran out onto the road and got hit by a car. The child was dead when it was born. This is probably the only kindness the heavens showed me. If not, I really wouldn't know how to face this child…"

All her past feelings were coming back to her. "Do you know how I felt back then? The world crumbled around me…

"Both Ning Xueluo and Su Yan didn't know, but I've doubted Su Yan from the very start. Although my memories were messed up that night, I can never forget the feeling…

"That strange man…was very scary. I felt pain… It was agonizing. I felt like I was going to die…

"After that time, I had a high fever for a whole week. I stayed in bed and only recovered after about a month. When I went to the doctor, I can never forget the embarrassment…

"The only thing that kept me going at that time was the thought that I had done it with Su Yan. I didn't want to think that that person wasn't my boyfriend.

"So, I kept on lying to myself until I couldn't anymore… And I paid the price."

Ning Xi stopped for a bit, then continued, "Afterwards, my fear towards men followed me everywhere. I hated men. That was my only experience with sex. I went to counseling for a very long time. It didn't help, but I didn't care anymore…"

As he was listening to Ning Xi, especially when she mentioned about the fear towards the strange man, Lu Tingxiao's bloodlust surfaced. "Who's that man?

Ning Xi trembled a little. "I don't know. I investigated for a very long time… There was no clue at all… I'm not sure if Ning Xueluo arranged it… It's like the man didn't even exist in the first place…"

After she was done, Ning Xi looked lost. She just stared at the man in front of her. "I'm finished. So, this is my past. You're so good. Sometimes, I think… It'd be nice if you were a little more terrible…"

Lu Tingxiao frowned and looked at the girl in the eye. "Ning Xi, I'm telling you this. You think I'm good because you love me! My first and only time was with some other woman, and I even…had a child, a black spot that can never be removed…"

"Nonsense! Little Treasure isn't a black spot!" Ning Xi's sense of loss was gone, replaced with a serious expression.

Lu Tingxiao smiled. "That's right, to me, everything that has happened to you isn't as well. No matter what happened in your past, that's all you, that's what made the current you, the you that I love the most."