Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1398: I Don’t Believe That I Can’t

These few days, everyone in the Lu Corporation was pretty tense.

The annual general meeting would be held soon. Every manager and supervisor from each business under the Lu Corporation would gather in Imperial and the meeting would last for a week.

In this period of time, everything could not go wrong.

The director's meeting had just adjourned and people started to leave. Finally, only Lu Tingxiao and Lu Jingli were left in the room.

Lu Jingli leaned back into the chair, seeming exhausted. "The scariest time of the year is coming again!"

Every time the annual meeting arrived, apart from talking business, it was a regular phenomenon for people to start introducing girls to his brother.

Of course, he would get a lot of introductions as well.

He could not stand it even with him liking girls so much. However, his brother had it worse.

Although his brother was no longer single, his relationship with Ning Xi could not be announced yet. Even if everyone knew, people would still introduce him girls anyway because of Ning Xi's less-than-desirable societal standing.

It was an important position, after all. Huge amounts of benefit were involved and everyone wanted to have someone they knew to be in the coveted position.

What happened to Ning Xi in the past was worrying Lu Tingxiao as well…

Lu Tingxiao looked out of the window at the sunset. "How's the investigation going?"

Lu Jingli scratched his head. "It's pretty tricky to find out. It's such a big hotel with so many rooms, so it was really difficult to check. Moreover, it's Qin Yuan Hotel after all. They are renowned for having great privacy. There aren't any security cameras anywhere within 10 miles in the radius of the hotel. But it's alright. I'll make sure to vet through everyone who stayed in the hotel that night. I don't believe that I can't get him!"

"I'll give you seven days of leave."

"No problem! I'll get it done as soon as possible."

…

After Ning Tianxin was discharged she stayed at Peachwood. Aside from Annie, Ning Xi had Qin Mufeng go over as well.

The breeze blew through the night.

Ning Tianxin was sitting on a rattan chair and drinking a special herbal tea made by Annie. It had a slightly bitter but refreshing fragrance.

She looked at the man beside her and said, "Doctor Qin, Xiao Xi is too nervous. I'm really alright. When I decided to do the operation, I've already anticipated the worst, and I was already sure that I could take it.

"From the beginning till now, I've never regretted any of my decisions. Sometimes, clinging to hope is more painful than losing all hope."

Qin Mufeng looked a little defeated because he realized he had nothing to do there. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"I knew Mo Lingtian as well. To be honest, I can't believe that you fell for him!"

One was an infamous rich kid in Imperial while the other one was a kind and strong girl. Their personalities were totally different.

Ning Tianxin raised her head and looked up at the moon in a melancholic way. "It was easy to fall in love back then. I didn't need any particularly strong reason. Maybe that someone just happened to wear that particular white shirt that I liked, or maybe just one look…"