Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 141: If My Inner Beast Comes Out

After putting down the medicine, Lu Tingxiao was about to knock at the bathroom door to ask whether Ning Xi was done, when it was pulled open from inside with a bang.

Ning Xi was wrapped up tightly in a huge bath towel, and she was hopping up and down like a caterpillar as she came running out.

"Watch out!" Lu Tingxiao was worried that she could not see and would fall down, so he hurriedly came over to help her.

Ning Xi sighed and said meaningfully, "It’s not me that should be careful, it’s you, Lu Tingxiao!"

"What do I need to be careful of?" Lu Tingxiao didn’t understand. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Ning Xi looked at him matter-of-factly. "Be careful of me, of course! My strength has recovered a bit after bathing for a while, but the fire in my body could erupt at any time, like a dormant volcano! So it’s better if you stay away from me! If my inner beast comes out, the consequences would be terrible! Let me tell you, even I am afraid of myself when I go crazy…"

The corner of Lu Tingxiao’s mouth tilted upwards slightly. He didn’t know whether to cry or laugh at her exaggerated words.

In fact, he looked forward to such a consequence.

"The medicine is here, do you need me to help you?" Lu Tingxiao asked.

"Of course not. For the sake of your virtue, I better do it myself!" Ning Xi said righteously.

"My virtue…" Lu Tingxiao curled his lips.

Ning Xi blinked. "Didn't you say before that you would only accept a sexual relationship as part of marriage?"

This type of good man who was disciplined and righteous was like a needle in a haystack. She would be committing a huge sin if she was the one to destroy his principles.

Lu Tingxiao pinched the skin between his eyebrows. Was it too late for him now to take those words back?

Ning Xi then said vaguely, "That, I’m not wearing clothes inside."

Lu Tingxiao nodded, handed her the medicine, then stepped back. "I'll wait for you outside."

"Okay, oh, by the way, please help me see if my own clothes and bag are outside!"

"Okay."

Lu Tingxiao walked into the living room, and after a short search, found a clothes basket in one corner with all of Ning Xi’s things inside.

There was a flash of light inside her bag; it was an incoming call on her phone, which she had muted.

Lu Tingxiao took a casual glance, and in the next second, his pupils abruptly contracted.

Two letters flashed clearly on the caller display — YS.

It was the man whose identity he hadn’t been able to discover until now.

The call didn’t cut off, and the screen kept flashing.

Lu Tingxiao stared at it for ten seconds, then with slender fingers, picked up the phone and pressed the button to accept the call.

On the other end of the line, there was a faint sound like someone pouring wine, and then came a husky male voice. "Hello, Sissy, did you receive the gift? Happy Birthday."

"…" Lu Tingxiao said nothing.

"Hello?"

About five seconds later, as Lu Tingxiao wondered whether the man would say anything more, that slightly evil-sounding voice sounded again. "Heh, you aren’t Ning Xi, are you?"

Lu Tingxiao remained silent.

Following that was the familiar sound of a wine glass tapping against glassware, and the man continued to speak in an interested tone. "Then who are you? Let me guess… it must be a man… a man who is still with her at this time of night… a one night stand? Or are you dating?"

The man paused, then chuckled huskily before speaking in a tone filled with dangerous malice. "Heh, if you’re in a relationship, then has she told you, she has one foot in two camps? Yes, that’s right, the other camp is me."

What did he mean?

Just as Lu Tingxiao was about to prod him for more information, the phone suddenly went dark. It had actually running out of battery, and had turned off automatically.