Chapter 1412: I’ll Call You Father

Somewhere nearby, Zhuang Rongguang was looking at Lu Tingxiao and Lu Tingxiao's mini-me. He mumbled unhappily, "Sis Xi, there are so many men in this world! Why Lu Tingxiao?"

Ning Xi raised her eyebrows. "Because he's cool!"

Zhuang Rongguang almost choked but when he looked at Lu Tingxiao's God-given flawless face, he had no comeback. Instead, he said, "How shallow! His kid is already so old!"

"Sorry, I like the kid the most!"

Zhuang Rongguang was speechless.

A soft little bun. That was not cool at all. What was there to like about him?

"Sis Xi, I think you're more suitable to be with a mighty army man. I'll look out for you when I get into the army. I'll make sure to find someone 100 times cooler than Lu Tingxiao, then you'll have a kid with superb genes, and your child will be as cool as you…"

Ning Xi's domineering omnipotent image was deeply crafted inside Zhuang Rongguang's mind like the God of eagles, Contin, gathering courage, wisdom, patience, justice, and strength all into one. She was his Goddess. How could she be chained down like some canary by a rich man and just stay at home as a housewife!?

What a terrible waste!

Ning Xi was all over her dear son right then as she ignored the mumbling Zhuang Rongguang. She went up to the little bun with a gentle look.

The little bun was looking at the gun in Zhuang Rongguang's hand. She bent over and asked, "Baby, do you want to play?"

The little bun's eyes widened. "Mommy, can I?"

Ning Xi smiled. "Of course!"

When Ning Xi agreed to let Little Treasure to use the gun, Lu Tingxiao, Zhuang Liaoyuan, and Zhuang Zongren did not have any issues with it, especially the latter pair. They felt like it was normal instead.

The Zhuangs were born out of warfare. Zhuang Zongren's generation was brought up among the war. When Zhuang Rongguang started to walk, Zhuang Liaoyuan had given him guns as toys. At about five years old, Zhuang Liaoyuan started bringing him to the shooting range.

Zhuang Rongguang had inherited his family talent and liked guns as well. Unfortunately, things were tough during that period of time as conflict was rife and they missed out the most important phase of growth in his life. Sadly, when they wanted to make amends, they almost destroyed this talented young seed with their extreme measures…

Zhuang Rongguang pouted when he saw Ning Xi's doting expression. "Sis Xi, be careful! He might sprain his arm! Not everyone's like me who touched guns at three, and get 10 points at five!"

"What if I can get a 10-pointer?" A childish yet cold voice came from below.

Zhuang Rongguang looked at the little thing and chortled, "Ha! Brat! Have you ever touched a gun before?"

"Nope."

Zhuang Rongguang replied instantly, "And you dare to challenge me! If you can get a 10-pointer, I'll call you 'father'!"

Zhuang Liaoyuan glared at him. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Zhuang Rongguang felt awkward. "Um… Well, or something like that anyway! If you can get a 10-pointer, I'll do anything you want!"

Little Treasure looked at him coldly with an expressionless face. "If I get a 10-pointer, promise never to drive a wedge between my parents in front of my mother again."