Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1413: Inherited Shooting Talent

Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Damn it! This child's hearing was so excellent that he heard it even when he tried to whisper.

Zhuang Rongguang was slightly embarrassed, then he defended himself stubbornly, "I didn't! I'm just telling the truth! And is she even your real mother? Stop calling her your mother so casually!"

"She's my mother!" The little bun clenched his fists tightly and his face was frigid. Apparently, he was truly offended.

He then said to the young man, "If I were to get a 10-pointer, you'll say that she's my mother a hundred times!"

Zhuang Rongguang peered down at him. "Sure! I'm not afraid of you!"

Zhuang Liaoyuan's expression darkened when he saw his 18-year-old son bullying a five-year-old kid. "Rongguang, stop messing around!"

Zhuang Zongren felt embarrassed as well. "You brat, how old are you? Aren't you embarrassed bullying a child?!"

"It's alright." Lu Tingxiao did not seem to mind.

"What's wrong? He's the one who suggested it…" Zhuang Rongguang mumbled, dissatisfied.

"I started it. If I can't do it, I'll apologize to you and will call you 'brother' a hundred times."

"Sure! I'll be waiting for you!"

…

Ning Xi understood that the little bun was not a capricious child. He was serious and was probably really mad.

"Baby, are you really up for this?"

The little bun looked at Ning Xi as if he was looking at the most important treasure in the world. "Mommy, you're my mother."

Ning Xi witnessed the little bun's determination, then she picked out a gun for him.

It was just two kids sorting out their own conflict, so Lu Tingxiao did not mind at all. On the other hand, Zhuang Liaoyuan and Zhuang Zongren did not intervene anymore.

Ning Xi chose a light handgun for the little bun. Although the recoil was not very strong, it would be pretty tough for a five-year-old as holding the gun properly was already a big challenge itself.

Nevertheless, everyone present was professional which was why Little Treasure was allowed to handle it.

"Baby, we're just here for fun. I'm always your mother. You don't have to prove it to anyone, alright?" Ning Xi comforted him.

The little bun nodded obediently, his eyes shining.

"Come, let Mommy teach you how to hold a gun!" Ning Xi patiently taught the little bun how to hold the gun and aim.

Zhuang Rongguang started interrupting, "That's wrong! How can you put your fingers there? How can you even make such a simple mistake? When I was three…"

Ning Xi threw him a glare. "Do you want me to have a spar with you using real knives and guns?"

Zhuang Rongguang gulped, shaking his head wildly. He felt sour deep inside. Why was she acting like a hen protecting her chick? Just which part of this little bun was great?! He was just slightly cuter, slighter fairer, and slightly more adorable!

Lu Tingxiao was carefully watching Ning Xi patiently teach Little Treasure. As he was observing his son who was absorbing the information seriously, a dim light passed in his eyes.

A five-year-old 10-pointer.

If it was not for people like Ning Xi and Zhuang Rongguang with inherited genes from their family, it would definitely be impossible.

The Lu family ran businesses for generations and all of them received royalty-like education, so they lacked talent in the field of gunmanship.