Chapter 1414: My Father Would Have Killed Me

Ning Xi was teaching the little bun patiently, and they were really enjoying themselves while emitting a cozy aura. Intermittently, Zhuang Rongguang who was just standing aside, intervened here and there.

"Baby, are you ready?"

"Mommy, I can do it now." Little Treasure nodded.

"Alright, let's try! Control your breathing. Aim the three points in a line…" Ning Xi guided beside him.

Little Treasure held the gun in his hand, standing up straight. Due to his height, he had to adjust his angle upwards as he aimed at the target.

Zhuang Liaoyuan, Zhuang Zongren, and Lu Tingxiao, who had been chatting, now all turned their attention to the little guy.

Zhuang Liaoyuan and Zhuang Zongren's eyes brightened when they saw Little Treasure's posture and his grip on the gun.

Zhuang Zongren looked surprised. "This little boy… I didn't expect his wrist strength to be this good…"

Zhuang Liaoyuan nodded. "His stance is solid as well."

He then glanced at Lu Tingxiao. This child seemed to have been trained regularly. Fortunately, he was not just another bookworm from the Lu family.

Little Treasure's health was improving rapidly. He was already much stronger than others his age, so firing a gun was not really that difficult a task for him.

While Zhuang Rongguang was a little surprised to see the little guy's posture and his aim, he mumbled, "Just having the form is useless!"

Bang!

Little Treasure released his first shot.

Everyone looked at the direction of the target.

The scoreboard then revealed the score: 0 points.

There was an awkward silence.

Zhuang Rongguang then laughed hysterically, "Hahahaha… Zero points! He totally missed the target! It's impossible to miss the target completely even with your eyes closed! Hahaha… And you're telling me you're going to get a 10-pointer? What a joke!"

Ning Xi glared at Zhuang Rongguang with a sinister expression. "It's Little Treasure's first time using a gun, alright!? How is it possible to get a 10-pointer right from the start? It's already amazing that he could successfully make a shot!"

Actually, Ning Xi was right. It was a real gun, which normal kids would not even dare to touch. Even if they dared to, they would not be able to use it and it was impossible for them to make a shot at their first attempt.

"At such a young age, he's already pretty good!" Zhuang Liaoyuan and Zhuang Zongren complimented.

"He was the one who talked big anyway," Zhuang Rongguang mumbled.

Although his first shot had missed and he was mocked by Zhuang Rongguang, Little Treasure had no change in his expression at all. In fact, the fiery determination in his eyes grew even stronger.

Ning Xi had never seen the little guy so excited before. She could feel his enthusiasm as she squatted down and asked gently, "Baby, are you having fun?"

The little bun's eyes lit up and he nodded.

"Then, let's continue! Ignore the childish guy!" Ning Xi glared at Zhuang Rongguang.

The little bun raised up his gun again.

Bang!

3 points.

"Not bad! You hit the target! Continue!" Ning Xi encouraged him.

Bang!

4 points.

"Amazing! You improved again!" Ning Xi looked especially proud.

Zhuang Rongguang's mouth was twitching. "Can you stop exaggerating?! It was so bad! If I were to get those scores, my father would've killed me!"

Ning Xi ignored him and continued with the little bun.

The little bun was really enjoying himself.

Bang!

5 points.

Bang!

6 points.

Bang!

7 points. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

…