Chapter 1415: Dear Wife, It’s Your Genes

When the scoreboard displayed 9.2 points, Zhuang Liaoyuan and Zhuang Zongren's expressions changed slightly, but Zhuang Rongguang was still unimpressed.

"Lucky brat! You actually got a 9.2! But you can't get 10 points based on just luck!"

As he finished his sentence…"Bang!" 10 point!

Bang!

Another 10 points!

Zhuang Rongguang almost bit his own tongue after he saw the consecutive full-score shots. He stuttered, "You're pretty lucky, aren't you?"

Bang!

Little Treasure then proceeded to hit his third 10-point shot.

Zhuang Rongguang was speechless.

Three consecutive 10-pointers? Was this lucky streak…going rather overboard?

Bang!

Another 10 points -- the fourth precise shot.

Afterward, he fired several more shots, every one of them a 10-pointer, the perfect score.

Not only was Zhuang Rongguang shocked; Zhuang Liaoyuan and Zhuang Zongren looked stunned, and even Ning Xi was taken aback. She had still been praising him just a while ago, but she was now so astounded that she did not know what to say.

Besides managing to hit a 10-pointer so soon, after some practice, Little Treasure was able to hit the target consistently like an expert marksman.

After a while, Ning Xi stuttered, "Gosh! Lu Tingxiao, your son… He's amazing! The genes inherited are way too strong!"

Lu Tingxiao did not say anything.

Dear wife, the genes don't seem to come from me…

At this point in time, he was looking at his trigger-happy son with mixed feelings.

He was sure that no one from the Lu family, including him, possessed talent in this field, and it was Little Treasure's first time using a gun.

Zhuang Rongguang's talent was inherited from his parents, and Ning Xi's talent could probably be traced back to the blood of the Zhuang family.

Then, what about Little Treasure? Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Where did his talent come from?

He was reminded of the investigation result Lu Jingli had come up with. That seed of doubt had now sprouted into a large tree.

Ning Xi was afraid that the little guy might hurt himself due to his young age and undeveloped wrist strength, thus they stopped after a while.

The little bun was still touching the gun as if it was not enough for him.

Little Treasure usually had very little interest for almost anything, so Ning Xi was pretty happy to see him respond this way. She felt an intimate moment with him.

At first, Zhuang Liaoyuan had a little prejudice towards Little Treasure because he was Lu Tingxiao's son, but now all that was gone. The way he looked at Little Treasure was much more excited than when he first saw Ning Xi. "This boy… He's so talented! Even more talented than Rongguang!"

He might even have surpassed Ning Xi.

Zhuang Rongguang was almost crying. He was embarrassed enough already.

Stop adding salt to my wound, alright? I have to call him "father"!

The little bun then remembered his priorities and he turned towards Zhuang Rongguang coldly. "Don't forget about your promise."

Zhuang Rongguang would not stoop so low so as to break a promise with a child, so he said bitterly, "I promise I won't drive a wedge between your parents ever again."

"And?"

"Ning Xi is your mother, your mother… Your mother…"

The little bun's tense shoulders now relaxed. He pasted a cute and satisfied smirk on his face.

When Zhuang Rongguang saw the little bun's smile, he was a little taken aback.

Damn! Why did he feel that this annoying little guy actually looked cute for a moment?