Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1438: Urging For A Blind Date

What was his expectation of the results?

Lu Tingxiao was a little taken aback, but he did not say anything.

If he knew the answer to this question, he would not be this worried.

Lu Jingli scratched his head, realizing that it was indeed an odd question. "I'll just go to the hospital and wait now. We'll wait until the results are out. Any talk now is meaningless!" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

…

In Peachwood.

Ning Xi did not have work today, so she stayed at home.

Flowers were all around the garden, and the air was also filled with the fragrance of herbs.

Annie was happily arranging her herbs on the floor to dry them, while Ning Xi and Ning Tianxin were sitting on rattan chairs, enjoying some tea and desserts.

"It's been such a long time since I have been this relaxed… What a great day indeed!"

In comparison to Lu Tingxiao who was currently facing one of the biggest challenges in his life, Ning Xi got her hard-earned rest. Without her bunch of exes back at the production, she looked at the cute Annie, then at the relaxed Ning Tianxin. She was definitely in a good mood with the company of the beauties beside her.

Ning Tianxin caught onto Ning Xi's happiness when she saw how she was enjoying herself.

Actually, ever since she had moved there after she was discharged from the hospital, her mood had been uplifted. She felt a peace that she never experienced before.

She did not have to care about anyone anymore. Her happiness was no longer controlled by that single person now.

A phone rang. It was Ning Tianxin's cellphone.

"Hello?" Ning Tianxin tensed up a little, and her tone sounded cold.

"Tianxin, are you home? Can I go over? I have something important to talk to you about!"

"Nope, I'm at Xiao Xi's place. What's the matter?"

Ning Yaobang sounded excited. "A huge matter! Do you know Hong Xiongjie? The big boss that has a net worth of over $10 billion? He's even more powerful than the Su family. CEO Hu saw you once at the dinner last time and took a fancy to you. He actually contacted me to suggest dinner some time…"

"I don't have time. I've got to go."

Ning Tianxin ended the call after just a few terse words.

"Did Second Uncle call?" Ning Xi asked. From Ning Tianxin's expression, it must have been something unpleasant.

Ning Tianxin nodded. "He's urging me to go on a blind date."

Ning Xi's expression darkened slightly. "He's so persistent! Who is it this time?"

Birds of a feather flocked together. The people in Ning Yaobang's circle could not be of any good, and he could not have found anyone decent.

Ning Tianxin replied, "Hong Xiongjie."

Ning Xi was triggered when she heard the name. "Damn! He's even introducing you to a 50-year-old man? Is he really your biological father?!"

She knew Ning Yaobang was not reliable, but she did not expect him to be this shameless.

Hong Xiongjie was the gambling lord of Macau and the pioneer of the number betting industry. He was definitely powerful and rich, but he was way past his fifties and was an infamous pervert who had already changed several wives and probably had a lot of mistresses as well.

Sending Ning Tianxin to a person like this? What was the difference compared to sending her on the path to hell?

It seemed like Ning Yaobang was anxious about Ning Yaohua already being on good terms with the Sus to the point that he had to make contact with people like this.

Ning Tianxin did not react much. From her lack of anger, it seemed like she was already used to this.

Ning Xi frowned and mumbled worriedly, "Second Uncle probably won't give up…"