Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1470: Getting Out Of Hand

"What did Miss Zhuang and Madam Zhuang say to you earlier?"There were a lot of people present who did not like Ning Yaohua's arrogant attitude anyway, so they were all secretly gloating at the moment.

The Nings and the Sus had responded by saying that it was a mistake and tried to brush it off. It was a happy day after all, and the guests did not make it difficult for them. Everyone just had smiles pasted on their faces.

However, after today, who knew what people would say over their private dinners?

The wedding ceremony was about to begin, so the two families took the chance and went back into the hotel room.

Su Yan's mother could not hold it in anymore. The moment they closed the door, she started complaining, "Xueluo, what's the matter? Didn't you say that someone from the Zhuang family would come? While they did come, they were here to mock us!"

Ning Xueluo did not know what had gone wrong as well, but she did not have any other choice. Her tears flowed down. "Mother, I don't know… I really don't know… Things were alright when I was on the phone with Cousin… I don't know why it would turn out like this…"

Zhuang Lingyu was angry when she saw Su Yan's mother's attitude. "How can you blame Xueluo? Do you think Xueluo would still ask them to come if she knew this would happen? And to be fair, if it weren't for you wanting Xueluo to invite the Zhuangs, the incident earlier wouldn't have happened!"

Su Yan's mother laughed coldly. "So, now it's my fault? Why do you think I wanted you guys to invite the Zhuang family? It was all…"

Seeing that his mother-in-law and mother were about to fight, Su Yan also glanced at the poor Ning Xueluo. He pinched the space in between his eyebrows. Before his mother said anything worse, he interrupted, "Mother, it's not the time to talk about this now. There might be some misunderstandings. Let's find out after the wedding!"

Ning Yaohua and Su Hongguang looked extremely unwell, but they could only bite their tongues. "The ceremony is starting soon. Go and prepare yourselves, and don't let anything else go wrong!"

… Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

After the short conversation, both the families went out and greeted the guests once again because it would be suspicious if they left the hall for too long.

Currently, things in the wedding hall were getting out of hand.

"Oh boy, did you guys hear that just now? Ms. Zhuang said something about going to be late. They seem to be here for some other event!"

"An event? The largest floor in the exhibition centere has been reserved by the Su family. The top floor is just a small hall. What kind of event could the general's wife and her daughter be attending personally?"

"That's odd…"

…

As the crowd was discussing about it, people had been getting phone calls one after another and they answered the calls quietly.

"What? Charity fund… Section Chief Zhao… Upstairs?"

"Even Minister Liu? Are you sure? Don't joke with me! I've been trying to get in touch with Minister Liu for three months and it didn't happen!"

"That doesn't sound possible. Okay… I'll go and take a look…"

"I didn't get any invitation. Is it alright to just go? What? No invitation needed? I just have to donate? It's alright then… Got it…"

…

With the calls drawing the attention away from the wedding reception, there were lesser and lesser guests…