Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 148: Carry Me

A moment later, Lu Tingxiao told the butler to prepare a small open-top car, similar to a sightseeing car, and swiftly brought her to a small, detached building behind the golf course.

The shape and design of the house was utterly fantastic; it looked like it was made of glass or some unknown metal. With one look, she could tell it was especially high-tech and had a very futuristic feel.

The Lu residence was too big; Ning Xi had lived there for so many days and still hadn’t seen everything. This was the first time she had come to this place.

"There is a mechanical device at the base of the house which turns with the sun. The coating on the exterior walls of the house can absorb solar energy, and everything inside the house is solar-powered. The housekeeper and the servant are all robots," Lu Tingxiao explained as if he were a tour guide.

"So cool!" Ning Xi’s face lit up. She was so excited, she looked like a little kid.

"If you like it, you can come and play whenever you want. I'll set up the access rights for you later. I didn’t think you would be interested in this type of thing, which is why I never brought you here," Lu Tingxiao said.

"No, no! I actually really love this type of thing! When I was a child, I always dreamt of being taken away by an alien spaceship one day, and when I was older, I thought about falling in love with a robot. Ah! It’s so romantic just thinking about it!"

Lu Tingxiao: "…" Maybe it was better to not give her access after all.

They both walked to the door, and no sooner did they see a robot lying on the ground when its eyes suddenly glowed red, as if scanning Ning Xi and Lu Tingxiao.

"Master…Master…"

After scanning Lu Tingxiao, the robot struggled to speak in an electronic voice. "Master… Master…" Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

This tragic robot, which could only say "master" brokenly, and looked like it wanted to disclose something but couldn't, was probably the housekeeper for this computer room.

Lu Tingxiao sighed, and opened a panel in the robot’s back. She didn’t know what he did, but the robot's eyes then became dark, as it stopped reacting.

Ning Xi approached nervously and touched it. "Why isn’t it moving anymore? It’s not dead, is it? Ah, that’s not right… it hasn’t broken down, has it?"

"It's fine, it just needs to be fixed later."

Ning Xi sighed with relief. "Oh oh, that’s good, otherwise it would be a waste, this one looks very handsome!"

Lu Tingxiao: "…" Maybe it was better to leave it out of commission.

Lu Tingxiao wiped his face and entered the main building. Ning Xi followed behind him and looked around with an anxious expression. "Where on earth is Little Treasure?"

The hall was full of robots moving back and forth. When they detected Ning Xi and Lu Tingxiao, they immediately turned and took aim at them.

Then, they ignored Lu Tingxiao and rushed straight at Ning Xi.

"Ahhh, what are they trying to do? Why are they all rushing at me!" Ning Xi was startled. Although she was good at fighting, she couldn’t beat a robot with an ironclad shell!

Liu Tingxiao lifted her up by her armpits and gently moved her from side to side to avoid one robot’s mechanical claw. He sighed helplessly. "Because you don’t have access, so they regard you as an intruder."

"So what do we do now?" While they spoke, Ning Xi had been swung from side to side by Lu Tingxiao several times already.

"Come close to me," Lu Tingxiao ordered her.

"Ah! How close?" Ning Xi said blankly.

"Little Treasure is in the main control room on the top floor. We have two choices. First, defeat them and break in."

"How can we fight so many robots! What’s the second choice?" Her hands already hurt just looking at the material the robots were made out of. She didn’t want to fight them!

"The second…" Lu Tingxiao lowered his eyes to look at her. "I carry you up, since they won't attack me."

Ning Xi blinked, then reached out without the slightest hesitation. "Carry me."