Chapter 152: Switched To “Shadow” Mode

Ever since Ning Xi came back, Little Bun had completely switched to "shadow" mode; he went where she went, keeping close to her.

Downstairs in the living room.

Lu Jingli also had "shadow" mode switched on; he followed Lu Tingxiao wherever he went.

"Bro, brother, my dearest brother… the two of you… what did the two of you do the whole night?"

Lu Tingxiao made coffee and sat on the sofa: "We talked."

Lu Jingli choked, as disappointed as a puppy that had not gotten its meat bone. "Fine, forget I asked."

"What progress have you made on the thing I asked you to do?" Lu Tingxiao asked.

Lu Jingli instantly switched to business mode, and he answered seriously, "Things have started moving already; within a month, Zhu Xiangcheng’s Feng Rui Real Estate will have disappeared from the capital.

"What about Ning Xi’s issue?"

Lu Jingli organized his thoughts, then said, "Because the production crew stopped the news from leaking, I didn't hear about it in time. As for now, there’s no way the one who set her up would continue obstructing the news, and it has spread online already. What’s worse is that the props master claimed in an interview that Ning Xi bribed him to tamper with the prop. So now it’s no longer just a public opinion issue, if Ning Xueluo files a charge, the police might take Ning Xi away to be investigated!"

The violent currents coming off Lu Tingxiao could devour the whole world. The sofa under him had become the skeleton throne of the Big Demon King, and each word he spit out was like ice. "I would like to see them try."

"No no no… sister-in-law has you to support her, nobody would dare touch even a strand of her hair!" Lu Jingli hurriedly flattered him, then said in a positive tone, "Brother, don't worry, I’ve already had someone secretly bug the props master’s house. In this period of time, he will definitely get in touch with the person behind all this. There’s no need to worry that we won’t obtain evidence, we’ll see who gets taken in by the police then!"

Lu Tingxiao wasn’t satisfied, and he tapped one finger on the coffee table. "Efficiency."

Hearing this, Lu Jingli got upset, and he muttered, "This is a good idea, how is it not efficient!"

From the depths of the TV cabinet, Lu Tingxiao pulled out a gun and threw it directly in front of him.

The corner of Lu Jingli’s mouth twitched. "Sheet! You’re too simple and uncivilized! You have no finesse at all!"

As they were talking, there came the sound of footsteps.

Lu Tingxiao silently put the gun back, then turned his head to look warmly at the person who had come in. "Is Little Treasure asleep?"

"Yes, finally!" Ning Xi answered, then said in a rush, "That, Lu Tingxiao, I have an urgent matter to attend to, I need to go out for a bit, I’ve already left Little Treasure a note, my phone is fully charged, you can contact me anytime, I’ll be back in not more than three hours! That’s it, see you later!"

As soon as she finished, she ran away like the wind.

Lu Jingli rubbed his chin. "Brother, where is sister-in-law going in such a rush?"

Lu Tingxiao had a contemplative expression on his face as he looked in the direction that Ning Xi had disappeared in, then he said to Lu Jingli: "Get someone to follow her."

For Ning Xi to suddenly leave at this hour, there had to be more to it. He would go after her himself, but he couldn’t leave Little Treasure at home alone in his current condition. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"What get someone to do it, I’ll go!" Lu Jingli immediately took the mission happily.

Lu Jingli went back to his place and drove out a fairly low-key black car to follow Ning Xi, who was driving her motorbike like a tornado on the road.

After twenty minutes, he followed Ning Xi to a stop in front of the apartment where she had been staying before. While he monitored the activity over there, he gave Lu Tingxiao a real-time report.