Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 153: Unless You Can Offer a Better Price

When Ning Xi returned to her apartment, she immediately pulled out a metal suitcase from the bottom of her big closet, then she carefully checked and cleaned its contents.

Taking a look at the time on her cellphone, Ning Xi threw everything into her bag, then rushed downstairs.

Not far away, Lu Jingli was reporting to the person on the other end through his Bluetooth headphone as he drove: "Ning Xi went back to her apartment, and came back down in less than five minutes. We are currently on Xi Jiang Road, headed towards the outskirts…"

After half an hour, Ning Xi finally stopped.

Lu Jingli looked at the dilapidated houses around him in shock. "Sheet, isn't this where the props master lives? Why did Ning Xi come here all alone? Don’t tell me it’s to reason with him? That’s just too na?ve!"

"Turn on the monitor."A cold male voice came through the Bluetooth headphone.

"Oh oh, right, I almost forgot!" Lu Jingli hurriedly grabbed his laptop from the backseat.

"Brother, wait a sec, let me broadcast it through my phone for you!"

Before Lu Jingli finished speaking, he suddenly realized that he had lost control of his computer, and he was instantly dumbfounded. "Brother, you actually hacked my laptop… I already said I would use my phone to broadcast it to you! Can you not be so impatient!" Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

…

Zhang Qiang’s wages in the production crew were pretty good, but because he was a gambler, he had no savings and had a lot of debt, which was why he was living in these slums on the outskirts.

Ning Xi had heard all this when he was drinking and talking with the other people on set.

Dong dong dong, Ning Xi knocked three times.

There was no sound from inside.

Ning Xi kept knocking, until she heard a bang from inside, accompanied by the sound of slippers on the floor. The rusty iron door was pulled open from inside noisily.

"Who the f*** is it! Want to die first thing in the morning…"He was mid-speech when he properly realized that the person at the door was Ning Xi, and his expression changed abruptly.

"Teacher Zhang, I trust you’ve been well since we last met." Ning Xi smiled and looked at him.

Zhang Qiang was going to close the door straightaway, but then he thought of something, and changed his mind. He said in a lazy tone, "What a surprise! It’s Big Beauty Ning! Come in!"

A fetid odor overwhelmed Ning Xi as soon as she entered. It was the stench of alcohol mixed with smelly socks and the odor of mold, as deadly as the smell of canned herring from that morning.

"Make yourself at home." Zhang Qiang lit a cigarette, then his muddy eyes were glued to Ning Xi’s body, sweeping over all her aspects impudently.

Ning Xi sat on what was probably the only clean chair in the house, and immediately got right to the point. "Let me be clear, I’m sure Teacher Zhang knows why I’m here. I need your confession, please explain the truth, that Ning Xueluo was the one who directed and acted out her own little show, and that I wasn’t the one who set her up."

Zhang Qiang laughed after hearing her words, as if he saw through her. "Little girl, are you recording this? Do you want to trap me? Hehe, you are too na?ve! Sorry, what I told the reporter was the truth!"

Zhang Qiang was a like a dead pig which wasn't afraid of being scalded by boiling water, and a shrewd light flashed in his eyes. "Unless, you can offer a better price…"

Ning Xi narrowed her eyes slightly; she had already expected this from the beginning.

After taking Ning Xueluo’s money, Zhang Qiang wouldn’t run, he would just continue gambling, and most likely lose everything again in the end.

Now, he even wanted something from both sides!

‘A dead pig unafraid of being scalded by boiling water’ means that a situation is so bad that making it worse would make no real difference.