Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 154: Big Sister, Calm down

"What if I say no?" Ning Xi looked at him with a half-smile. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Zhang Qiang’s eyes wandered between her chest and her buttocks pervertedly, and he rubbed his chin. "If you have no money… then we can figure something else out! If Big Beauty Ning can sleep with me for a night, I think I could give you some useful information."

The implications were clear: if you want a confession, gave me money, or your body.

In fact, for someone as deceitful as Zhuang Qiang, even if he got what he wanted, he still wouldn't confess, and by then she would have lost both her body and money.

At the same time, downstairs in the car.

Looking at what was happening on the monitor, Lu Jingli was reminding his brother via his headphone nervously, "Brother, calm down! Don't get agitated! You need to calm down! You have to be gentle with my little laptop! I have hundreds of gigabytes of treasure on my hard drive!"

"Go upstairs, now." The command came through the headphone.

"Yes, yes, yes! I’m going right now!" On the monitor, Zhang Qiang was getting closer and closer to Ning Xi. Lu Jingli held his laptop in his arms as he started to run wildly.

At the same time, Zhang Qiang walked over to Ning Xi’s chair and placed his hands on the arms of the chair, his breathing becoming more excited. "Well? Isn’t this a good deal? Not only do you get what you want, you can also have fun!"

Ning Xi lowered her eyes, her expression hard to see in the dark, and from her cherry lips came a light mocking laugh.

In the next second, Zhang Qiang felt something cold and hard pressing against his waist. He looked down, and his face immediately turned white — the thing pressed against him was a black gun.

"You… you, you…" Zhang Qiang’s first reaction was to flee.

At that moment, Ning Xi’s dark, cold laugh came from behind him. "That’s right, run. Try it, and we’ll see whether you’re faster, or my bullets are."

Zhang Qiang’s sweat fell like rain. He turned his body stiffly, and laughed in a relaxed tone. "Little girl, you really had me going! Trying to fool me with a toy gun? Shoot! That is, if you have the skill! Here, right here!"

Ning Xi moved her fingers slightly, and with a small "kaba" sound, she screwed on a black, tube-shaped muffler on the gun, and fired —

With a"pu" sound, a bullet grazed Zhang Qiang’s arm as it flew past and cut a line of glaring sparks across the floor.

All this happened in less than three seconds.

Zhang Qiang covered his stinging arm and fell to his knees with a thump. "Sister! Big sister, calm down! That’s a real gun! It’s not a joke!"

"Confession." Ning Xi threw a recording pen at him, and took a look at the time on her phone, her face showing that she had run out of patience.

Little Treasure was sleeping at home, he would definitely worry again if he woke up and didn’t see her. She needed to get back to him quickly.

"I’ll do it, I’ll do it! I’m recording it now!" Zhang Qiang rolled over to grab the recording pen and press the button himself to start recording.

"It wasn’t Ning Xi! Ning Xi wasn't the one who bribed me! It was someone else who asked me to tamper with the prop! But I don’t know who that person is! I received an anonymous email with all the instructions in it, and ten thousand yuan was deposited directly into my account. They said that I would receive another ten thousand after it was done!" Zhang Qiang watched Ning Xi carefully as he spoke.

The woman opposite him looked extremely impatient and dark. Her eyes were red, and her fingers patted the gun-barrel neurotically; she completely looked like a murdering psychopath, and just looking at her made his hair stand on end.