Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1566: Are You Free Tonight?

The post-drama of the Golden Film Awards had finally ended and Ning Xi's career was back on track.

After receiving two Golden Film Award trophies, Ning Xi's reputation skyrocketed.

At the same time, she expected more from herself.

Ling Zhizhi also became more careful at selecting the next movie script for her.

Ling Zhizhi thought about it for the longest time. In the end, she passed a script to Ning Xi. "Ning Xi, I suggest you audition for this one."

"A new movie from Jiang Xingzhou?" Ning Xi took a look at the script.

Anyone in the entertainment industry would feel a chill down their spine whenever they saw the name "Jiang Xingzhou".

Director Jiang was notorious when he was filming. Even Song Lin, a person with a high status, would be a little afraid when Director Jiang was mentioned. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Ling Zhizhi told her, "The main character of this movie is a dumb mother. In the movie, it progresses from her teenage years until her old age. I've read through the script and find it really good. With Director Jiang as the director, it'll surely land you an award locally. The main point is to aim for an international award like one of the big four movie festivals. Of course, because of this, the audition will be really tough. The competition will be fierce this time!"

Ning Xi was flipping through the script and was already attracted to it just by reading the introduction. "It's really an excellent script! Totally different from 'The World' and 'Dream Chaser'. It doesn't have many plot twists. It's mostly talking about a mother and her life, but scripts like this really put the actor's skill on trial!"

Ling Zhizhi nodded. "If it were someone else, I'll surely pick something safer like the one from Director Ling, but I think you're more suitable for this role."

Ning Xi felt her adventurous soul burning inside her. "We'll go with this then! No matter what, I'll go for the audition! If I fail, then we'll go with another one!"

"Alright, it's decided then. Go back and make the preparations."

"Mmm!"

…

The moment Ning Xi left the company, her phone rang.

Ning Xi looked at the screen. She was so shocked that her soul almost left her!

Song… Song Lin!

Her goddess, Song Lin!

After they had exchanged numbers backstage at the Golden Film Awards, she never thought of bothering her goddess. However, her goddess was now calling her!

Ning Xi took a deep breath to calm herself down, then she picked up the call. "Hello… Se-Senior Song?"

"It's me. Are you free to talk right now? Am I bothering you?" The charming voice of her goddess came through the phone.

"No! Not at all! You can talk to me now, Senior Song!" Ning Xi quickly replied.

There was a short laugh over the phone. She seemed to be amused by the girl's cute reaction. "it's nothing much actually. I just wanted to have a chat with you. What movie are you going to cast in next?"

"I've just finished discussing with my manager. I'm going to prepare to audition for Director Jiang's movie 'Mother'," Ning Xi replied seriously.

"I see… As expected."

"I'm not really that confident… The people who are going to the audition this time must be very skilled." Ning Xi scratched her head.

It was not an exaggeration to say that the elites within the entertainment industry would be attending this audition. Ning Xi's acting was great, but there were many other talented artistes as well. The closer she was to the peak, the better the people she would meet. Still, she was really excited about the challenge.

Song Lin replied, "What a coincidence, I have a character in this movie too, but it's just a minor role. It's been decided."

"Really?" Ning Xi's eyes brightened. "So, if I pass the audition, I might have a chance to work with you!"

Song Lin sounded pleased. "That's right."

"Senior Song, I'll do my best!" Ning Xi felt motivated.

"Ning Xi, are you free tonight?" Song Lin suddenly asked in her ever so gentle tone. Ning Xi could also sense a tiny sense of seduction, so much so that even as a woman, Ning Xi almost could not take it.