Chapter 158: Get Away From Me

"Right, right, right?" Ning Xi clasped her hands together, her face expectant and sparkles in her eyes, partly to curry favor with Lu Tingxiao, and partly because she in fact really needed the help.

Lu Tingxiao was silent for three seconds, then he finally opened his mouth: "Yes."

"Really? You really have a way?" Ning Xi almost jumped with excitement. "How long will you need?"

"An…" Lu Tingxiao was about to say an hour, but changed it at the last second. "A night."

"So fast! That’s amazing!" Ning Xi was overjoyed, and hurriedly took a laptop out. "This is the laptop I took from Zhang Qiang, do you need anything else? I’ll get it for you!"

"No need." Saying that, Lu Tingxiao stood up and went upstairs straightaway.

Ning Xi immediately scrambled after him.

When they reached the study, Ning Xi darted forward to attentively pull out the chair for Lu Tingxiao, then placed the laptop on his desk, and ran off to pour him a glass of water.

Lu Tingxiao looked at her, then sat in his chair.

Lu Tingxiao took his own laptop out and connected the two laptops together with a cable. After browsing through the evidence that Ning Xi had mentioned, he opened an unknown software and typed in a series of codes into the box on the monitor screen.

Curious, Ning Xi moved closer to take a look, but as expected, she couldn’t understand a single thing. While she was profoundly confused, everything seemed amazing to her even though she didn’t understand any of it.

As Lu Tingxiao was typing, he suddenly heard light breathing in his ears. His fingers abruptly stopped typing, and he knitted his eyebrows together.

"What’s wrong? Is there a problem?" Ning Xi asked nervously.

Lu Tingxiao sounded a bit cold: "Get away from me." It was very hard for him to concentrate with her being so close to him.

"Ah…"Ning Xi’s head instantly drooped, like an eggplant weighed down by frost, and sadly moved to the far corner of the room.

Seeing the girl’s miserable state, Lu Tingxiao almost opened his mouth to comfort her, but held back in the end.

Ning Xi hugged a pillow in her arms and quietly observed Lu Tingxiao’s side profile as he worked seriously. She secretly savored the view, and realized that what people say about men being the most attractive when they were seriously concentrated on something was so true!

For a while, only the soothing sound of clacking keys on the keyboard could be heard in the study.

For a long time, Ning Xi sat there struggling with something, and in the end, she couldn’t help asking, "Lu Tingxiao…can I ask you a question?"

"Go ahead."

"You… why didn't you ask me?"

"Ask you what?"

Ning Xi curled her fingers tightly into fists. "Ask about the gun! You’re not going to ask me why I have a gun? Don’t you think that in many ways, I’m different from what you think I am? Don't you think that… that I’m scary?"

Lu Tingxiao: "No."

Ning Xi: "Oh…"

Ning Xi’s conscience bothered her when Lu Tingxiao didn't ask anything. He treated her as a friend, and didn’t hold back in the least in order to help her, while she hid things from him all the time. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Therefore, even though Lu Tingxiao didn't ask, Ning Xi spoke up herself. "You know that M Country isn't a very safe place, and having guns is legal there. When I was there, I learned how to use a gun.

Back here, this gun was smuggled in. I don’t know the specific details, it was my friend who gave it to me. He was also the one who taught me how to use a gun. It’s only as a last resort to defend myself. This is the only time I’ve used it since coming back!"

Lu Tingxiao stopped what he was doing: "Who is that friend of yours?"