Chapter 1583: Night Has Fallen!

"So, you're not coming? Then, I'll call Xiao Xi Xi now! I'll call her!"

"I'll. Come. Now!" Jiang Muye clenched his teeth.

As expected, Jiang Muye went over as soon as possible.

Although Jiang Muye was not related by blood to the Lu family, he was much closer than the other branched families, so the Jiang family held a pretty high status within the family.

Of course, that and the fact that Jiang Muye was a popular superstar. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The moment Jiang Muye reached, the pressure on Lu Jingli was diminished by half.

Lu Jingli and Jiang Muye were saved when the music in the hall stopped, and the host announced that Lu Tingxiao was about to give a speech. They both hid together in a corner.

Jiang Muye was panting, "Uncle didn't bring any partner tonight, so everyone should be aiming him instead. Why are they so aggressive towards us? This shouldn't be the case…"

Lu Jingli's mouth twitched. "Look at your 10 o'clock, at my brother's collar."

"Huh? What happened to his collar?" Jiang Muye looked over as directed. The next moment, he spat out the wine in his mouth. "What the—?"

Jiang Muye coughed, "Don't tell me! He had that lipstick mark on him the whole night?"

Lu Jingli nodded gravely. "Yes! Don't you think it's cruel?"

"Too cruel…"

He did not want to say anything more…

After a short chat with Lu Jingli, Jiang Muye glanced and saw that Wu Jianda had gone over to look for Lu Chongming. He frowned. "Second Uncle, the two of them are acting suspiciously. Shouldn't you be wary of them?"

"There's nothing to worry about. Wu Jianda would never dare to pull something off at an event like this. What do you think he'd do? He's just trying to convince him to come back!" Lu Jingli said casually.

Jiang Muye looked irritated. "You mean your fourth uncle hasn't given up yet?"

Lu Jingli scoffed coldly, "Given up? He tried to contact me in secret. He said he'll help me to get to the top! Is he an idiot? He wants to work with me to betray my brother! I'm my brother's most loyal little sheep!"

Lu Jingli looked really proud.

Jiang Muye was amused, but he had to admit that even if everyone in the world betrayed Lu Tingxiao, Lu Jingli would never go to that extent, yet Lu Chongming could not get it. No wonder he had fallen to this state today…

"Good evening." Lu Tingxiao's cello-like deep voice came from the stage.

It was a short and simple opening, just like the master of the voice.

The guests gave him a big round of applause. Everyone was looking admiringly at the young head of the family on stage.

"In the past year, together with the effort of everyone, the Lu Corporation has achieved results we were never able to reach in the past. We've surpassed expectations for every project…"

Watching his son on stage, Lu Chongshan was really proud and felt deeply moved.

Since he could witness such tremendous growth of the Lu Corporation while he was still alive, he would be able to face his ancestors when he joined them later on.

After Lu Tingxiao's speech, Lu Chongshan took over the microphone. He was really excited. "Tingxiao said most of it just now, so I'll keep it short. I don't have a lot of achievements in my life. I just hope that I'm able to protect our family business and to keep the Lu family prosperous. The proudest thing I've done in my life is to have my two sons.

"Everyone knows that it's easier to get rich than to stay rich. For families like us, power and wealth aren't the most important factors. It's our outstanding heirs so that the future can be secure. This is also why I put a lot of emphasis on encouraging the nurturing of our heirs.

"I believe Tingxiao will be able to lead everyone, to lead the Lu family to greater heights…"

Bang!

Before Lu Chongshan could finish his sentence, there was a loud boom. The whole hall was covered by a layer of dark haze.

All of sudden, it was like night had fallen…