Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1616: Reluctant To Part

Xiao Tao was clearly reporting about her work, yet she had suddenly gone off topic as she spoke.

Ling Zhizhi did not know whether to laugh or cry when she heard about this from the other end of the phone. After all, they were talking about Ning Xi's image. When it came to things like these, when she had first decided to manage Ning Xi, she was already prepared for such things. Ning Xi had always been careful and watched her own speech and behavior, very much a role model.

However, she did not expect this. Nothing had happened with the artistes in the country, yet when she joined the Hollywood crew, something had happened…

"We just need to manage ourselves well and not leave anything for them to gossip about. As for Orlando, Director Martin is famous for being strict, so the director will constrain him on set."

As for what happened after they finished shooting, Ning Xi would leave the crew, and Orlando would complete his scenes and return to his home country. When that happened, the two would naturally not cross paths again.

After she finished the call with Ling Zhizhi, Ning Xi felt much more assured. Indeed, she just needed to make it through this period of time with the filming crew.

Besides, with men like Orlando, their passion came just as quickly as they faded.

…

Two days after that, the new script was rushed out after the scriptwriter worked overtime for nights in a row.

After Ning Xi read it, she was surprised. Her weight in the plot… was even heavier than she had imagined!

When she found out about this news, Ling Zhizhi immediately helped her adjust her upcoming travel arrangements and emptied her schedule.

Even if it were to be deleted in the end, such an opportunity was simply too rare. They had to fight for it even if it was just a sliver of hope.

"Sis Zhizhi, has there been news from Director Jiang's side?" Ning Xi had initially already told herself not to think about it. However, she still could not help but ask.

"There are rumors that say it could be Fang Xiaowen, but for now there hasn't been any confirmed news from officials. I'll immediately let you know," answered Ling Zhizhi.

"Okay, thank you, Sis Zhizhi!"

…

Time flew by. Ning Xi's time with the filming crew went smoothly. With Director Martin's presence right there, at least, Orlando restrained himself.

In a blink of an eye, tomorrow would be the shoot for her last scene.

Orlando walked up to Ning Xi as he looked bashful. "Xi, I really wished this movie wouldn't end, and that we could continue shooting it…"

Ning Xi beamed diplomatically. "We have a saying in China. It says that all good things come to an end. If we're fated, we'll definitely have more opportunities of working together again but during this period of time, thank you, Senior Orlando, for watching out for me!"

It was probably because of the rumors about Orlando possibly being masochistic, Ning Xi privately tried her best to uphold a gentle and obedient image, but from what she had seen, it did not seem to have much effect on him.

Not only did the feverish way Orlando stared at her not diminish, it had instead become even fierier with time…

"Xi, I'm really afraid that I won't be able to film tomorrow's scene." Orlando looked at the gun in his hand with sorrow.

Tomorrow's scene would be the one where Orlando killed Ning Xi with a gun himself… ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Because of this ending, Orlando had hugged the scriptwriter Charles and cried many times. He even wanted to request for his character to be killed by Ning Xi. He said that he would not be able to kill Ning Xi even if it was just an act.

NIng Xi's gaze unintentionally fell onto the gun in Orlando's hand, then her brows raised. They could not help but stay on the firearm for a few more seconds.

When Orlando saw her piped interest, he immediately introduced it to her enthusiastically, "This is a Beretta 92F! The king among guns! The body itself uses aviation aluminum alloy…"

Probably because men were naturally more interested in guns, Orlando had rambled on and on to Ning Xi for a long time, then he said, "This is fake, but it's been crafted to look very real! You'll be using guns for your scenes tomorrow too. Come, let me teach you how to hold a gun!"