Chapter 163: He Didn’t Have Such Heavy Tastes

Coldness flashed through Lu Tingxiao’s gaze. "No rush."

Lu Jingli rubbed his chin. "True, after all, she has us as her backup, so she can make some more noise. Then things will be even more fun!"

"Prepare a contract for Ning Xi," Lu Tingxiao replied.

A flash of light flickered in Lu Jingli’s eyes. "Contract? Brother, are you finally preparing to pull sister-in-law over to Glory World?"

"Prepare a copy of all the profiles of all the managers working at Glory World for me." This statement indirectly answered Lu Jingli’s question.

"I got it, I got it! You want to personally help Xiao Xi Xi pick a manager, right? Really, if you treated me a thousandth of how you treat Xiao Xi Xi, I’d be satisfied!" Lu Jingli sourly whined.

Lu Tingxiao shot a glance at him, and suddenly reached out his hand.

Lu Jingli thought that he was about to hit him and instinctively dodged. "Did I say something wrong again!"

In the end, Lu Tingxiao had only reached out his hand to pat him on the back of his neck.

To him, it was already considered a very intimate action.

Lu Jingli was so surprised, he was practically ready for heaven. His ears were slightly red. "Brother, you… what are you doing?"

Lu Tingxiao furrowed his brow as he looked at him, but his tone was gentle as he said, "Don’t only focus on playing around. Work hard and find a person whom you would like to spend the rest of your days with."

Lu Jingli appeared distraught, and he sucked in a deep breath. "Oh my god! You scared me to death! Brother, you suddenly treating me so gently like this is even more horrifying than you beating me up!"

"Later on, I will focus on helping you with your marriage," Lu Tingxiao said.

"What?! Don’t! Brother, you should just continue to let me be free!! Please let me be free! I won’t ever mess with you again!!! Please just continue to be cold again!!!!" Lu Jingli was so scared, he nearly pissed himself.

What if his brother picked a woman as frightening as him? What would he do then?

If he picked one that was exactly like Xiao Xi Xi, he definitely wouldn’t be able to take it!

He didn’t have such heavy tastes! He liked women who were more gentle! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

At this moment, Lu Jingli suddenly had a flash of brilliance. "Brother, this kind of thing isn’t for men to worry about! You should focus on sister-in-law and then let sister-in-law introduce someone to me, right? My sister-in-law’s eyesight must be really good!"

Hearing this, Lu Tingxiao thought for awhile. "Alright."

Lu Jingli patted himself on his chest, finally letting loose a breath. That had been a very narrow escape from death.

Before, he had switched girlfriends very quickly, but it was now over half a year since he last dated.

Even he didn’t know why, but he felt that it was becoming increasingly meaningless. At the moment, he really didn’t want to have a girlfriend.

Especially after seeing his brother with Ning Xi, he further realized that his previous relationships had been completely shallow.

Fine, he’d admit it. He was jealous.

He was jealous that even though his brother had had to wait thirty-two years, he had finally met his true love. Meanwhile, he himself didn’t know if he could wait until that day…

The more Lu Jingli thought about it, the more sorrowful he felt, so he decided not to torture himself any longer. "Brother, if there’s nothing else, then I’ll be leaving first! The things you wanted, I will quickly prepare and send them over to you! Bye~"

…

…

Ning Xi’s slumber lasted until late into the second day.

When she finally opened her eyes, her body felt light, as if it was floating. Her state of mind was one of confusion, as though a lifetime had already passed.

When Lu Tingxiao pushed open the door to enter the room, he saw a girl wearing loose-fitting hospital clothes under the sunlight from the window… She appeared to have just woken up, and was sitting absentmindedly on the plain white hospital bed. Her expression was wooden and blank, and anyone who saw it would feel their heart hurt and make them helplessly want to embrace her…