Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1656: His Brother’s Secret Date

All the related videos disappeared from the Internet after Glory World Entertainment ended the press conference. Su Yimo's transformation into Ning Xi became the talk of the town, and things only calmed down slightly after Ning Xi was done with filming.

"Sis Lin! We can finally go back! To show my appreciation, I'd like to treat you to a meal tomorrow night!"

A night before they wrapped up, Ning Xi invited Song Lin for dinner. She had not been able to thank her properly because they had to rush the progress of the movie. The first thing she wanted to do when she had the time was to acknowledge her deed.

Song Lin glanced regretfully at her. "Tomorrow? I'm booked out. Can we change the date?"

"Of course, I'm fine with any day!" There must be many people who wanted to meet Song Lin when she returned, so Ning Xi did not think much about it and agreed.

After she went back to her room, Ning Xi gave Lu Tingxiao a call.

"Darling, I'm going back home tomorrow!"

"I'll send Cheng Feng to pick you up at the airport tomorrow. I have an appointment at night, but I'll try to get back earlier," Lu Tingxiao said gently.

"Alright, get back to work!" 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

…

The next day, in a members-only Chinese restaurant in Imperial.

"Hey, Second Master! What brings you here today?" A slender hostess in a qipao greeted Lu Jingli felicitously.

"I'm treating some clients to a meal tonight. Get me a room!" Lu Jingli was slowly becoming somewhat alcoholic.

"How unfortunate! Your room has been booked tonight!" The hostess apologized.

"Booked? By whom?" Lu Jingli frowned.

"CEO Lu!"

"My brother? Impossible!" Lu Jingli looked surprised.

His sister-in-law was coming back today, so just who could be important enough to get his brother out today? And to have dinner there!

This restaurant was called Wang Jiang Tower and there was a room in the restaurant exclusively for the Lu Corporation. The deal was that the room would be available anytime to them.

"Who's my brother coming with?" Lu Jingli asked curiously.

"Well…" The hostess hesitated.

Lu Jingli raised his eyebrows. "Is there something you can't tell me?"

The hostess knew how close the brothers were, so she felt like there was nothing to hide anyway. She replied in a hushed tone, "CEO Lu is with Ms. Song."

"Ms. Song? Which Ms. Song?"

"The rumored girlfriend of CEO Lu!" She answered quietly while revealing an expression that said, "I know about it already, so you don't have to hide it from me!"

Lu Jingli's eyebrows shot up again. "Who told you that… the family name of my sister-in-law is Song?"

She was stunned. "Uhh, so CEO Lu's girlfriend isn't Song Lin?"

Lu Jingli was flabbergasted. "Song Lin? You're overthinking!"

"Ah… So, I misunderstood! CEO Lu was with Ms. Song Lin tonight. I thought… My bad, " the hostess apologized with a smile.

Lu Tingxiao's girlfriend was still a secret, but many people guessed that it was someone from the entertainment industry, and just how many people within the industry could be on par with him?

Song Lin had the highest likelihood, so she thought that it was Song Lin since Lu Tingxiao was meeting her tonight, but it had been a mistake…

That was weird. Who else could it be?