Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 169: Really Want To Steal Him Home

Ning Xi finished going through her calls record, and had moved on to her messages when she was taken aback by one in particular.

[Dearest, I really underestimated your courage.]

Sender: YS

What did this guy mean by sending her such a statement out of nowhere? What did she do?

Lu Tingxiao had deleted the call log, so Ning Xi naturally didn't know about the call between the two men that night.

"What is it?"Lu Tingxiao asked, seeing something was off about her appearance.

"Nothing…" Ning Xi just assumed that person was acting crazy, and paid it no mind. She put her phone down and asked, "When is Little Treasure coming?"

"He should be arriving soon."

Hearing that, Ning Xi immediately fixed her hair subconsciously. "Where’s the hair clip Little Treasure gave me?"

"Here, I put it away for you." Lu Tingxiao opened the bedside table drawer, took the pink hair clip out, and passed it to her.

Ning Xi immediately clipped it back on happily.

Seeing the hair clip in Ning Xi’s hair, Lu Tingxiao felt a little regret; if he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have given her a gun. If he had given something like a necklace, bracelet or earrings, she could at least wear it on her…

Actually, he had already prepared a gift a long time ago: a ring. Unfortunately, it still wasn’t the right time to give it to her.

As the two of them were speaking, there was a knock on the door.

Ning Xi rolled out of bed to open the door, and sure enough, Little Treasure had arrived.

"Darling, you’re here!"

After Little Treasure entered, he used his little hand to pull urgently on her clothes, as if he wanted her to bend a little.

"What’s wrong?" Ning Xi crouched down.

Little Treasure immediately bumped his little head into Ning Xi’s forehead with a serious face.

Ning Xi couldn't help laughing aloud. "Heh, darling, are you taking my temperature? Don't worry, I just measured it, and the fever’s already gone!"

Little Treasure’s face was still full of worry, and his heart hurt to look at the bruises on the back of her hand from the IV drip.

Ning Xi embraced the little guy in her arms and patted him comfortingly. "Don’t frown, Auntie is all healthy now after seeing you!"

Little Treasure was a miracle cure, she really wanted to steal him home.

"Want to take a walk?"Lu Tingxiao suggested.

"Yes, yes!" After sleeping for a whole day, Ning Xi was ready to move about, and it also wasn’t good to make Little Treasure accompany her in the ward either.

On their way to the elevator, the three of them passed a ward which had a horde of reporters crowded noisily around its entrance with their cameras, all of them trying to interview the woman in the room:

"Xueluo, have you gotten in touch with Ning Xi yet?"

"Not yet, I haven't heard anything about her."

"Ning Xi fled to avoid being punished, what do you have to say about this? What do you plan to do next?"

"I… I don’t know… until now I still can’t believe she could do such a thing…"

"We’ve heard that Ning International and Starlight Entertainment have already withdrawn their investments in protest, is that true? Has there been any reply from the production team? Will they replace Ning Xi?"

"I’m not sure about this, you can ask the representative for the production team." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"If Ning Xi apologized to you, would you forgive her?"

"If she really meant it with her heart, I could personally forgive her for this confusion, but the negative impact which she has had on the entertainment industry cannot be fixed with an apology, and I also wouldn't be in a position to forgive her for that!"

…

Ning Xi couldn’t help raising an eyebrow at Ning Xueluo’s white lotus drama, and it was only at that moment that she realized that she was in the same hospital and on the same floor as Ning Xueluo.

At this moment, one of the reporters noticed Ning Xi standing by the elevator opposite the ward, and immediately shouted, "Ning Xi —"

‘White lotus’ here refers to Ning Xueluo pretending to be vulnerable and innocent.