Chapter 1714: Gift You As Dowry

All this time, they had misunderstood the girl, been suspicious of her, and denied everything that she had done for Little Treasure. They thought that she would definitely hurt Little Treasure.

However, in the end, when Little Treasure was in the most danger, only she had gone forward to protect Little Treasure regardless of everything.

In that situation, as she faced all those vile people, she had protected Little Treasure and ensured that he was not hurt the slightest. In the meantime, she had been wounded to this extent and might never wake up ever again…

In Yan Ruyi's head, the image of a girl flashed. Even if she had been shot, she still carried Little Treasure and ran quickly. Her mind flashed to the moment right before the bomb, and the girl's first reaction had still been to protect Little Treasure tightly under her. The guilt and regret wrenched Yan Ruyi's heart.

How much of pain and torture had the girl suffered just to make sure Little Treasure was safe and sound?

Even if she did not understand it, she could tell that the girl was skilled. With her talents, if she had not taken Little Treasure with her, she could have escaped herself. Besides, all of these disasters were unrelated to her, yet she had done all she could to this extent for Little Treasure.

She truly liked Little Treasure, loved Little Treasure…

A love like this was no less than a mother's love for their child! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

As a mother, how could she hurt her own child?

As Yan Ruyi looked at the girl in the ward who was covered in bruises, she was overcome with regret. "It's all my fault… I shouldn't have misunderstood that girl… Someone that Tingxiao trusted so much… Someone that Little Treasure liked so much… Why didn't I try to get to know her better back then?

"If I had trusted Tingxiao and Little Treasure… trusted that girl… all of this wouldn't have happened…

"Now, this girl is like this… How can I face Tingxiao? When Little Treasure wakes up, how can I explain this to him?"

As he listened to his wife choke with sobs, Lu Chongshan stood there blankly. He did not say anything. All of his hair had turned white overnight as if he had aged ten years.

His grandson was safe…

Yet, as he looked at the girl in the ward…

The Lu family owed this girl too much, far too much. He was afraid that even if they did everything, they would not be able to repay her…

One mistake led to the other. Because of his stubbornness and bigotry, he had almost lost his grandson. In the end, had let an innocent person suffer all the consequences.

If he could, he would much rather that it was him suffering all of this, but now nothing he said could reverse the situation.

…

At the end of the quiet corridor.

Annie stood there for a long time in a daze. Finally, she picked up her phone and made a call. "Hey…"

"How's she?" From the other end of the phone came a man's low and hoarse voice.

Annie kept silent for a long time. While the person kept silent on the other end of the phone, he did not rush her.

A long while later, the girl took a deep breath and said, "The operation just ended. Even though it was very successful, Bro Xi is severely injured. She can't wake up just yet. Currently, they can only preserve her life through a breathing machine. If she's lucky, maybe she'll wake up some day. There's also a possibility… that she might never wake up forever…"

As the girl finished, the other end of the phone remained silent. There was no response for a long time.

"Bro Shen?" Annie asked with a concerned tone.

"Nothing. Stay there. If you can help with anything, help them," the man said before he hung up.

In the darkness, the man stared at the complicated stock charts on his flickering computer screen and muttered softly to himself, "Huh, these toys… I'll consider it your dowry then… If you don't wake up, they'll benefit another woman…"