Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1721: Did Not Want To Be Wrong A Second Time

"Ruyi, you and I are the same. We only didn't trust this girl back then because of her identity as an actress. We were worried that she would be just like that woman from years ago, that everything she did for Little Treasure would be a fake pretense and acting."

As Lu Chongshan said this, he shooked his head and laughed bitterly, "I've lived for so long, yet I still can't see through people as well as Tingxiao. That child was right. In the end, the person who hurt Little Treasure was no one but I who was overprotective of Little Treasure in the name of love. The old man who kept living in the shadow of the past and couldn't walk out of it…"

Yan Ruyi closed her eyes. How was she any different?

"Then, you… agree to the two children…?" Yan Ruyi asked.

Lu Chongshan kept quiet and did not answer immediately.

Yan Ruyi looked like she expected this. She straightforwardly said, "I don't care what you think. Whatever you need to consider or however much you need to worry, this time, I only want to stand on my son's side as his mother."

Lu Chongshan stared blankly at the direction of the ward, a pained expression crossing his face.

For his entire life, he had been the heir, the director, the head of the family. He had always done things for the bigger picture, for the company, for all of the family members, yet he had never done anything for him.

Until he had helplessly watched Little Treasure "die" in the video before him did he realize how many things he had missed out on in his life.

This was his inherent mission. Even if he was given another chance, he could only make the same choices.

Still, he was wrong for being too conceited, too stubborn, and too confident in his own judgments. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He had already been wrong once. He did not want to be wrong a second time.

This time, he chose to believe his own son.

It was not sure how long had passed before Lu Chongshan finally said in a lowered voice, "I'm afraid it won't be easy to explain to the Guans. I'll try my best to come up with a way that satisfies both sides. After all, we're in the wrong too. If that really can't do, we'll just offer them some compensation…"

When she fathomed Lu Chongshan's words, Yan Ruyi could not help but look surprised.

Who would have thought that this man, who had been stubborn his whole life, would see the day that he gave in and compromised?

…

At the Guan residence.

"What did you say?" When he finished listening to his wife explaining the whole scenario, Guan Rui slammed the table and stood up.

On the sofa, Guan Ziyao looked incredibly gloomy. "Who does he think we Guans are? They want us to always be at their beck and call! Don't forget that it was them who came knocking on our door first! Now that the company is fine, they're just going to abandon us upon achieving their goals? Nothing's that good!"

Mother Guan was furious. "Exactly! When I heard Yan Ruyi, I almost couldn't hold back and scolded her! What does she mean now? My perfect daughter can't even compare to an actress that's lying on the sickbed and handicapped? The Lu family is such a bully! No matter what, I want justice! Old Guan, say something!"

Guan Rui said coldly, "Obviously we can't just let this go, but it hasn't reached that stage yet. Don't get into a mess just yet! Now, it's just Yan Ruyi's one-sided statement. It's normal for women to be short-sighted and credulous. Besides, her words won't take much effect. We still need to see Lu Chongshan's opinion about this!"

Guan Ziyao frowned. "I think this time, the incident affected Uncle and Aunty Lu a lot. Just in case Uncle Lu is also…"

Guan Rui immediately picked up his phone and made a call. "I'll give Lu Chongshan a call now and invite both families out for a talk! I'd like to ask Lu Chongshan the meaning of all of this myself!"