Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1735: Exactly What He Wanted

"Little Treasure is with Xiao Xi in the ward."

Lu Tingxiao then continued, "The incident this time has caused a massive trauma to the child because he's feeling overly guilty. He can't face the fact that Xiao Xi might've died to save him. After he woke up, he couldn't hear anyone. He didn't eat, didn't drink, and didn't say anything."

Zhuang Zongren's face instantly tensed up. "How did that happen? How's the child now then?"

"Later on, I told him that Xiao Xi's in a coma right now and that his mother needs him. Then, he started to slowly recover and he's been guarding closely by her side. Little Treasure can't leave his mother right now, and I believe that with the joined hearts of mother and son, Little Treasure is the person who could most possibly awaken Xiao Xi."

Zhuang Zongren, who had treated Lu Tingxiao with disdain earlier, was now nodding at everything he was saying. "That's right, you make a lot of sense! We definitely can't separate Little Treasure and Xi girl now!"

Zhuang Zongren turned to Lu Tingxiao and asked, "What do you think?"

Lu Tingxiao paused before he suggested, "With Elder Zhuang's connections, you can obviously get better medical treatments than me, so I support you taking Xiao Xi away."

When Zhuang Zongren heard Lu Tingxiao's opinion was not like his parents who had wanted to blindly keep Xiao Xi, the remaining anger in his heart dissipated and he revealed a satisfied expression. "At least, you know what's good and what's bad."

"But Little Treasure definitely can't be separated from Xiao Xi, so how about we let Little Treasure go with you?"

When Zhuang Zongren heard this, he was overjoyed as that was exactly what he wanted. "Let Little Treasure come with me? That would obviously be the best! But are you sure you can make the decision about this?" Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Lu Tingxiao nodded. "My parents would agree. Don't you worry."

Zhuang Zongren immediately clapped his hands in delight. "That's fantastic. Let's decide on that then!"

…

Not too far away, when Zhuang Rongguang saw that his grandfather was still talking to the man for such a long time, he could not help but start to worry.

The two of them had their backs facing them, so they could neither hear anything nor see their expressions. They did not know what they were talking about for so long.

As he was considering whether he should secretly sneak over to eavesdrop, the two people finally returned from the end of the corridor.

"Grandfather! Grandfather, you're back! You definitely didn't listen to this guy's cheating wheedling, did you?" Zhuang Rongguang quickly walked right up to his grandfather with an anticipating expression.

Zhuang Zongren shot his grandson a look. "What nonsense are you spewing?"

Zhuang Rongguang quickly massaged his shoulders to curry favor with him. "I knew that Grandfather definitely wouldn't! Now, we can take Cousin away, can't we?"

Zhuang Zongren responded, "Mmm, naturally we need to take her."

Zhuang Rongguang's was instantly thrilled, while Lu Chongshan and Yan Ruyi revealed anxious expressions opposite them.

"Lin Jian…"

Zhuang Liaoyuan was about to order his people to go in and retrieve her when Zhuang Zongren unhappily interrupted him, "Hold on, don't move! Everyone, back away. There are so many of you. What if you frighten them? I'll go myself!"

Zhuang Liaoyuan frowned. Zhuang Rongguang was confused.

Frightened? Sis Xi is in a coma! Who is going to be frightened?

Zhuang Zongren personally walked over and naturally, no one dared to stop him.

Thus, the crowd could only watch as Zhuang Zongren walked towards Ning Xi's ward with a grave expression.

After he entered, he saw a tender little guy lying by Ning Xi's bed. His little hand was in his mother's palm as he stared at her without blinking as if afraid she would disappear, as if in his eyes, there was only him and his mother in this entire world…

Zhuang Zongren was moved when he saw this. tears started to well up in his eyes. He tried his best to speak with a gentle tone as if afraid of startling the little guy, "Little Treasure… Hey, Little Treasure! Come to Great… Cough, cough… Come to Grandfather Zhuang…"