Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chapter 1737: So Aggrieved That He Almost Threw A Tantrum

Zhuang Zongren carried the tender little guy in his arms and coaxed him extremely patiently, "Little Treasure, don't be scared. Follow Grandfather home. Grandfather will take good care of your mother. Grandfather will also ensure that no one is allowed to separate Little Treasure and Mommy. Little Treasure can continue to stay by Mommy's side!"

As the little bun watched this warm old man before him, his vigilant little face softened and he nodded obediently.

When he saw that the little guy had reacted to his words and had even nodded, Zhuang Zongren could not contain his joy. "Good, good, good… Let's go home right now!"

Zhuang Zongren was very strict with his children and the younger generation. Furthermore, since he had been in top positions for most of his life, he usually conducted himself more seriously and rigidly. A smile in front of the younger ones was rare, yet now he was unbelievably gentle to Little Treasure.

When Zhuang Rongguang saw his own grandfather fondly carrying the little bun, he was dumbfounded. He quickly walked up to Zhuang Zongren. "Grandfather, what's up with you? It's enough to take Cousin away! Why're we even bringing this kiddo… this little brat along?"

What happened to drawing the line with the Lu family? What was up with this little bun!?

Zhuang Zongren gently patted Little Treasure's back to persuade him as he unhappily shot Zhuang Rongguang a look. "Do I need your approval to do things? Don't blindly cause a ruckus here. Now that you're here, quickly return to the unit!"

"Huh! You want to take this little brat home, yet chase me away! Am I still your true grandson?!" Zhuang Rongguang was so aggrieved that he was about to throw a tantrum. "Father, are you even going to care!?"

Zhuang Liaoyuan's thin lips pursed and he did not say anything. He glanced dully towards Lu Tingxiao's direction, not looking satisfied at all.

He did not know what the fellow had said to his father, so much so that he could make his father insist on bringing the child along.

The point was not about bringing the child along; it was that after they did so, they definitely could not pull away from the Lu family.

Damn it, he had still underestimated him!

"I will transfer Xi girl to the Beijing suburban military sanatorium. As for Little Treasure, I'm sad that he's so young and has a close relationship with Xi girl, so he can't leave her now. I'll bring him along. Do you guys have any objections?" Zhuang Zongren turned to Lu Chongshan and Yan Ruyi.

Even though Zhuang Zongren had used an inquiring tone, he still held on to Little Treasure without letting go. Clearly, he was set on his decision.

Lu Chongshan and Yan Ruyi looked at each other. They did not expect that the final outcome would be like this. They suddenly fell into a dilemma.

It was great that Little Treasure and Ning Xi were not separated, but to let the Zhuang family take Little Treasure away too… This…

"Why? Still worried that our Zhuang family will conspire to murder your grandson?" Zhuang Zongren suddenly said in a stiff tone.

Lu Chongshan looked at his son on the side. He knew that this was probably the best outcome that his son could have fought for. Since Tingxiao had done so, he must have had his reasons.

Besides, since people like the Zhuang family were going to fetch Little Treasure over, they would definitely take good care of him, so their worries were unnecessary.

Thus, after Lu Chongshan's short hesitation, he said, "Elder Zhuang, you've nothing to be skeptical about. We're just worried that Little Treasure will trouble you too much!"

"It's no trouble." Zhuang Zongren immediately decided upon hearing this. "Since there're no opinions, it's decided then."

"Damn… Who said there aren't any opinions?" Zhuang Rongguang had been completely ignored.