Chapter 1740: I’m Here For Ning Xiao Xi

Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

After Jiang Muye hung up on the call with Ling Zhizhi, he went outside in just his pajamas.

Where else could the girl be? Apart from filming, she would just be showering her affection all over her man…

When he arrived at the door to Lu Tingxiao's villa, a person suddenly rushed over and they both clashed.

"Oh! Second Uncle… What are you doing? Why are you in such a hurry?!"

Lu Jingli picked up the documents from the floor one by one and quickly asked, "I'm here for my brother. Why are you here?"

"I'm here for Ning Xiao Xi! Ling Zhizhi called me and said that she couldn't get in touch with her!" Jiang Muye replied.

Lu Jingli's expression changed and he froze when he heard Ning Xi's name.

Jiang Muye frowned when he saw the change in Lu Jingli's expression. "What happened?"

Lu Jingli pinched the space between his eyebrows. He was not sure where he should begin.

Too many things had happened lately and the whole Lu family was in a mess right now. Everyone was at a loss about what to do. They were just done with the Zhuang family. A lot of other things still had to be handled.

Handling Ning Xi's career would be extremely difficult…

No one knew when Ning Xi would wake up, so what could they do with her career? How should they tell the media and her fans?

Jiang Muye had never seen such a serious expression on Lu Jingli's face before. He became nervous and he asked, "Second Uncle, what's wrong? Could it be… that she wants to break up with Uncle?"

Lu Jingli took a deep breath and said, "Xiao Xi Xi… Something happened to her… Little Treasure was kidnapped… She was injured gravely from rescuing Little Treasure… She's still unconscious after the surgery…"

Jiang Muye's face went blank. He did not expect that something bad would have really happened to Ning Xi.

"What… What do you mean she's still unconscious?" Jiang Muye's voice trembled.

"She's in a coma, a vegetative state. She needs to rely on a breathing machine to survive at the moment…"

"How could it be? How could it be like this?! When did this happen?" Jiang Muye still could not believe it.

"We brought her back the night before yesterday. The surgery was completed yesterday morning, and she's now being sent to the military sanatorium in the suburbs…"

Jiang Muye was stunned. His jaw went slack, but no words came out.

The Lu family had locked down the news, so nothing had leaked out despite it being such a severe matter. Therefore, he only found out about it now!

"Bro!" Lu Jingli saw Lu Tingxiao come out of the house.

Lu Tingxiao took the documents from Lu Jingli. At the same time, a black car stopped by the door. Lu Tingxiao boarded it swiftly and left a message. "Go and get Ling Zhizhi and Xiao Tao. Send them to the sanatorium. I'll be there soon."

Jiang Muye then offered, "Uncle, let me get them!"

Lu Tingxiao contemplated his offer.

Lu Jingli gave Jiang Muye a pat on the shoulder. "Thank you then, Muye. Remember to keep this a secret! We have to discuss how to work this out from now on. We're trying not to affect Xiao Xi Xi's career…"

Jiang Muye nodded.

After the car left, Jiang Muye stood there for some time before he called Ling Zhizhi. "Hello, Zhizhi… Where are you and Xiao Tao? I'll go and get you guys!"