Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1745: Mother-Protecting Dragon Little Treasure

When he saw that the atmosphere had taken such a terrifying turn, Lu Jingli cleared his throat and tried to smooth things over. "Okay, okay, now that everything is out, we'll decide that then. Bro, you shouldn't keep putting on a poker face. Do you know that even I'm frightened by the way you look until I'm about to pee my pants? You're so near to Sis-in-law. Your aura will affect her!"

When he heard the last sentence, Lu Tingxiao's expression softened. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

After they left the ward, they walked to the courtyard and saw that Jiang Muye was squatting underneath a huge tree. His eyes were bloodshot and he looked like he had just cried.

When he saw them come out, Jiang Muye stood up and walked over. He stood in front of Lu Tingxiao grimly. "May I talk to her alone for a while?"

Behind them, Lu Jingli's mouth twitch. Impossible…

"You can't."

Indeed, just as he thought, Lu Jingli heard his brother's answer.

Jiang Muye clenched his fists at the same time.

Right after that, Lu Tingxiao added, "Little Treasure is there."

When Jiang Muye heard this, he saw an opening, so he quickly said, "It's fine if Little Treasure is there!"

Lu Tingxiao did not say anything. He walked away instead, indicating a tacit acceptance.

Jiang Muye then rushed in.

"Pfft… Jiang Muye, this idiot…" When Lu Jingli saw this scene, he did not whether to laugh or cry as he shook his head.

How could it be fine with Little Treasure there?

This guy was probably going to express his feelings to Ning Xi!

In front of LIttle Treasure!

Thinking about that scene made one feel refreshed…

As Ling Zhizhi watched the back of Jiang Muye running at lightning speed, there was an expression of clear understanding on her face.

He regrets now, does he not?

Many times, people had to lose something before they regretted… Before they loathed themselves and questioned why had they not said some things, why had they not done some things…

…

In Ning Xi's ward.

Little Treasure had just finished reading the story of "Little Red Riding Hood" to Ning Xi when he realized someone had suddenly come in to disturb them. Instantly, he frowned unhappily.

Jiang Muye quickly explained, "I just want to say a few words to her. Your father agreed…"

Little Treasure did not say anything. He did not respond to him either. He just continued sitting there quietly.

Jiang Muye cleared his throat and probed, "So, Little Master, could you temporarily step aside a little and let me say a few words to her in private?"

When he heard this, Little Treasure's initial indifferent expression suddenly turned cold. The temperature in the entire ward fell by a few degrees.

Jiang Muye was suddenly embarrassed. He finally knew why Lu Tingxiao had particularly mentioned that Little Treasure was there. "Okay, okay, okay, don't step aside then! You don't have to step aside…"

He thought that since he was just a child, he would not know anything. Jiang Muye did not care about him anymore as he dragged a chair and sat down by Ning Xi's bedside.

Up close, the injuries on the girl looked even more terrifying. Her entire body showed no signs of vitality at all as if all of her life had been sucked out of her.

Jiang Muye wiped his face and stared at the unmoving girl on the bed. "Bastard… Didn't we agree to be reckless beyond horizons?"

After he said this, he buried his head in his hands.

A long while later, Jiang Muye muttered under his breath in an agonizing tone, "If I knew… If I knew, I wouldn't care so much… Why was I so worried about? I don't care what you think of me. I don't care who you like. To hell with dignity! Bastard… I… I like…"

Before Jiang Muye could finish, a breeze whizzed past and locked onto him substantially.

His emotions had just been stirred up when he saw that there was a white and tender little bun by the bedside, staring at him as if he was guarding his precious giant dragon.

That little gaze… was fierce…