Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 179: Sexual Orientation Isn’t Clear

After she was done speaking, Ning Xi ignored the uproar behind her as she directly got into the black car that had stopped right beside her. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Luckily, Lu Tingxiao had arranged everything meticulously. He had already anticipated that she would be besieged by the reporters today, which was why the bodyguards and the car had appeared just in time.

"Miss Xi, where to next?" the driver asked.

"Let’s go home." Ning Xi paused, and then couldn’t help asking, "Why do all of you call me Miss Xi and not Miss Ning?"

Now that she thought about it, everyone in the Lu residence, from the maids to Lu Tingxiao’s subordinates, all called her either Miss Xi or Miss Xiao Xi…

"It was CEO Lu who ordered it," the driver answered.

"I see…"

This man was really too thoughtful… he knew that she didn't like her Ning family name!

At the same time, at the Lu residence.

Lu Jingli lay limp on the sofa like a dead fish. "Brother! You’ve been deciding the whole day! We have so many outstanding managers in the company, is there not a single one up to your standard? What about Lei Ming? He’s been with us for a long time, is very experienced, and has a lot of local and overseas contacts. He and Ning Xi also know each other!"

Lu Tingxiao: "He’s Jiang Muye’s manager."

Lu Jingli: "Okay… what about Hao Shuai? He has no connection to Jiang Muye, right?"

Lu Tingxiao: "No males."

Lu Jingli’s mouth corner twitched. "Then Ye Shenglan! A top manager! Her professional capabilities are well established!"

Lu Tingxiao: "Her sexual orientation isn’t clear."

"Pu… it’s true there are rumors that say she’s into women. Holy sheet, brother, you know way too many details!" Lu Jingli’s face was full of frustration. "What about Mei Xin then? Female, her boyfriend is Su Yimo’s ex-manager, her work performance was ranked number one last year in the company!"

Lu Tingxiao: "Her character’s problematic."

Lu Jingli was completely dumbfounded. "Picking imperial concubines for the emperor is easier than this! What the hell do you want!"

Lu Tingxiao paused for a moment, then asked: "Why didn't you give me Lin Zhizhi’s information?"

"Lin Zhizhi is on leave, and she said she wouldn't take on new artistes in the near future. I figured she was trying to avoid Jiang Muye tut tut…"

"I want her." Lu Tingxiao decided straightaway.

"Eh… Brother, you’re too evil…" In his heart, Lu Jingli observed a moment of silence for Jiang Muye, then he started to do the same for himself. "Why are you always making things difficult for me! Lin Zhizhi already said she wasn’t accepting new artistes!"

As the two of them were discussing, Ning Xi returned —

"I’m back! Anybody home?"

As soon as she said it, one of her legs was hugged tightly by a soft little bun, and he had an aggrieved "three hours felt like three years" expression on his face.

Only after Ning Xi hugged him for a long time did the clingy little bun give her a smile.

"You’re back, did it go smoothly?" Lu Tingxiao asked as he walked over.

Talking about this, Ning Xi became all excited. "It went so well. The lawyer which the company arranged for me was amazing, he took on three lawyers by himself and trashed them in a battle of words! Chang Li that monkey wanted to extort sixty million from me, but in the end I didn't pay a single cent! Oh, wait, I actually paid 252.40 yuan for Ning Xueluo’s medical fee! He was just so cool! Are the lawyers in Glory World Entertainment all as amazing as him? I heard them call him Big Defender Chen…"

At this moment, Lu Jingli said faintly behind them: "What lawyer for Glory World Entertainment, Chen Jing is the senior legal advisor at Lu Corporation!"

"Pu…" Hearing this, Ning Xi was stunned, and she looked at Lu Tingxiao in pure disbelief. "Lu Tingxiao, you asked your company lawyer who frequently deals with billion-dollar financial lawsuits to help me solve my tiny eight million yuan case?"