Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chapter 1781: Just Woken Up And Already Going Overboard Messing Around

"This idiot! He put so much effort into creating a counterfeit, but in the end, he threw away the entire company!"

As he spoke, Lu Jingli started to get angrier.

As the party involved, Ning Xi was rather calm and collected. She said without a look of surprise, "The weak are prey to the strong. Personal interests come first. Hasn't the entertainment industry always been like this?"

Even if 90% of the entire company's artistes were to be combined, it would not compare to the huge benefits reaped by producing a superstar. It was no wonder that Yi Xudong would have wanted to clone another version of her.

She had listened so far when Ning Xi's heart that had been floating listlessly finally firmly landed onto the ground.

That endless darkness was finally over…

She was finally awake…

"Where's your brother? And Little Treasure? How are they?" Ning Xi's voice trembled slightly as she asked.

Lu Jingli did not want to worry her, so he briefly explained the situation. "When Little Treasure just woke up, he was in shock, but later on he recovered because he knew that you needed him, so he was very sensible and accompanied you to take care of you. Every day, he read to you, sang to you and stayed with you. Every day, he would draw you a portrait even if you looked the same every day. These past few days, my father has fallen ill, that's why he's come over less recently…

"As for my brother, since you've become like this, how else could he be? His entire spirit is defeated. He's left holding on to a sole belief, waiting for you to wake up…"

When Lu Jingli said this, he suddenly shouted, "Ah, ah, ah! Right! I have to quickly tell my brother that you've woken up! My brother will definitely be hopping happily!"

Just when Ning Xi saw that Lu Jingli was about to make a call, she held his hand down instead. "Hold on."

"What's wrong?"

"Where're your brother and Little Treasure now?" Ning Xi asked.

Lu Jingli looked at the time on the clock, then he answered, "Right now, Little Treasure must be in class. As for my brother… he's at the bar!"

Ning Xi was astonished when she heard this. She thought that she heard him wrong. "The bar? At this hour?"

In fact, Lu Tingxiao did not drink.

Lu Jingli nodded as he smiled bitterly. "You have no idea. Ever since you fell into a coma, my brother's insomnia became more and more severe. Only every night when he becomes pissed drunk in that chaotic and noisy bar does it become slightly better.

"I know that if things continue like this, his body won't be able to take it, but if I don't let him vent it out and temporarily numb his pain, he wouldn't be able to hold on… Thankfully… thankfully, Sis-in-law, you're finally awake!"

"Second Master…"

Lu Jingli blinked and said, "Sis-in-law, call me Jingli! Call me Jingli! We're a family! That sounds like you're regarding me as an outsider!"

Ning Xi did not notice any problem with Lu Jingli's sentence. After all, he had always straight up called her sister-in-law back then, so she changed her mind and said, "Okay, Jingli, Little Treasure is in school. Let's not disturb him first. Bring me to look for your brother first!"

Lu Jingli was slightly shocked. "Ah? You want to immediately go look for my brother? You mean…?"

"I want to surprise him," Ning Xi said with a little cunning light in her eyes.

Lu Jingli's mouth instantly twitched. "Ahem… Are you sure it's a surprise? Why do I feel like my brother will be frightened to death by you?! Sis-in-law, shouldn't we take it easier? You've just woken up and you already want to go overboard messing around. That can't be too good an idea, can it?"

Ning Xi's glittering eyes narrowed. "I've already been lying down for a year. Now that I've finally woken up, can't I mess around for a while?"

Earlier, Ning Xi had given him a surreal feeling, but now when he noticed the girl's familiar tone and mannerisms, Lu Jingli nodded like a rattle-drum. "Sure! Sure, you can! Super can! Whatever you say goes!"