Chapter 1792: Played Games For The Whole Night

Ten minutes had passed since the press conference started, but Jiang Muye was still nowhere to be seen.

Han Zixuan was having small talk with the others and she would also chat a little with the journalists to shift everyone's attention, carefully softening the awkwardness of the male lead being late.

"Isn't Jiang Muye really arrogant? He's late to such an important event!"

"Right! He's making a girl cover up for him!"

"Goddess Zixuan is so sweet. She has such high EQ!"

"It's really rare to find a female actress that's beautiful, smart, and good at acting nowadays!"

…

After another ten more minutes, Jiang Muye finally arrived.

"Sorry! There was a traffic jam on the road! Sorry to make everyone wait!" Lei Ming apologized to the director, the producer, and the media. He seemed extremely experienced with situations like these.

Lei Ming quickly led Jiang Muye to his seat after the apologies, relieved that he could finally take a breather.

Jiang Muye looked like he had just woken up. He wore a wrinkled white t-shirt and sat there with his legs in a wide, relaxed stance. He rested his arm on the back of the chair and tilted his head as he looked around with his eyes narrowed…

Fortunately, Jiang Muye's appearance was rather outstanding. Even with this messy look, he was still as cool as ever. His lazy attitude and wild aura were much more attractive than his usual self.

The complaining journalists, especially the females, forgave him almost instantly.

Han Zixuan looked at Jiang Muye and frowned a little. "Senior Jiang, were you up all night looking at the script again? I heard from Director Guo that you're taking this series very seriously. I'm really looking forward to working with you."

Her words not only covered Jiang Muye. She even put him under a good light.

Any normal person would just go along with it, especially with such a beauty, yet Jiang Muye was not a normal person.

Jiang Muye did not even bat an eyelid. "You're overthinking it. I just played games the whole night."

Han Zixuan was speechless.

Lei Ming felt like he wanted to die!

Whatever! They were just chatting in private after all…

At the same time, the manager of the promotions department took his script and made a start. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Alright, since everyone is here, let's begin the press conference!

"Firstly, thank you for all the love and attention for 'The World' from all the fans and media. For everyone invited to the scene today, we'll be announcing the two important main actors of the series and have our contract signing ceremony here.

"So as not to betray everyone's expectations, after three months of a meticulous selection process, the final candidate for the role Meng Changge and Sun Huanqing have been finalized.

"The male lead is the same actor in the original movie, Jiang Muye.

"The female lead is the beloved actress starring in many popular drama series such as 'Crush', 'Peachville', and 'Empire of Smoke', the goddess Han Zixuan!

"Her outstanding acting as Princess Chang An in 'Empire of Smoke' was enough to convince everyone that she can live up to the role of Meng Changge.

"I believe everyone feels relieved after knowing who the main cast is…"

After the speech was done, the emcee announced, "Next up is the Q&A session. Everyone can start asking questions now!"

The journalists raised their hands quickly as they had all been waiting for this session.