Chapter 1888: Abandoned By Everyone

In a black car near the hotel.

Su Yan remained stationary like a statue and did not move for a very long while after watching the live stream of the press conference.

Xiao Xi…

So, something of such severity had happened to her in the past year.

And he had known nothing about it.

There were even a few times that he had doubted her just like the others.

The pure-hearted girl has left her hometown for him and tried to adapt to an environment she did not like for him. She had changed herself for him little by little…

She had said, "Bro Yan, trust me. I can do it."

She had said, "Bro Yan, one day, I will be standing by your side." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

She had given up many things and put in a lot of effort for their future, but in the end, he had broken the promise between them, leaving her alone as everyone abandoned her…

Xueluo got everything and had everything, yet Ning Xi had to start all over again because of an accident.

A sudden decision suddenly germinated within him and grew sky high…

However, she always ignored his text messages and calls. It was impossible to call her to meet up.

The man picked his phone up and hesitated, then he made a phone call.

"Hello, Xiao Nuo?"

"Ah… Bro Su Yan…" Tang Nuo's tone sounded a little awkward.

He had been on friendly terms with Su Yan when Su Yan and Ning Xi were still together. He almost took him as a real brother, but ever since Su Yan got together with Ning Xueluo, they never contacted each other again.

"Did you see the news? There's a report about your sister," said Su Yan.

"Huh? My sister? What's up with her? Isn't she studying overseas now? I've been preparing for my exams lately and didn't go online much!" Tang Nuo's first impression of "his sister" was Ning Xi. There was no one else.

…

At Glory World Entertainment.

After Ning Xi was done and about to go home, her personal phone suddenly rang.

The screen showed that it was Tang Nuo calling.

Ning Xi felt a warmth in her when she saw the name, but she also felt a headache coming on at the same time.

As expected, Tang Nuo's nagging came over the phone the moment she picked it up. "Sis! I didn't know that something so huge happened to you! Your assistant said that you went overseas to study and I just believed her!

"I didn't think about looking for you even though we haven't been in contact for a year. I'm not worthy of being your brother. You always treat me so well, yet I couldn't help you when you were in trouble, and even…"

Ning Xi interrupted the young man helplessly. "Fine fine, it's not your fault. It's mine. I'm sorry that I made you worried, but don't despair, I'm alright now!"

"How can you be alright after you've been in a coma for a year?! Those people are too much for spreading rumors about you!"

"It's okay. It's in the past now."

"Sis, where are you now? Can I go and look for you? Hmm, if it's too difficult… then it's fine…" Tang Nua asked carefully.

"What's so difficult about seeing me? I'll look for you! But it's a bit late now. I'll go to Chang Chun City tomorrow, alright?" Ning Xi said.

"Uhh, Sis, I'm in Imperial now. Did you forget?"

"Oh, right! My awesome brother is at Imperial University now!" Ning Xi laughed. "I'm in my company now. It's pretty near to you. Give me a few minutes and I'll be there!"

"Are you sure? What if you cause a commotion!?"

"It's late at night now. It'll be fine. I'll disguise myself too."

"Oh okay, then I'll wait for you at the observation platform on the school sports field!"

"Sure!"