Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1893: Where Did He Get His Confidence

Return to being a free man?

Ning Xi could not believe what she just heard.

He loved Ning Xueluo so much that even when he was aware of all the things she did to Ning Xi, he could still forgive her if her tears fell.

And this man was telling her that he regretted, that he finally understood now, and that he wanted to divorce Ning Xueluo?

Ning Xi could not tell him how was she feeling now.

After a while, Ning Xi's eyes turned frosty and she said, "Su Yan, sometimes, things are like a jacket in the summer or a fan in the winter. Also, the heart changes after a person has given up."

Su Yan's pupils shrunk. "Xiao Xi, I know that you hate me, but I know that it's because you love me. I know it's already too late, but please, believe me, Xiao Xi, I mean what I just said and I'll do it. I'll give you a title. I'll marry you. I'll handle everything! You'll still be Mrs. Su. We can start everything over!"

"Ha!" Listening to how Su Yan was terribly determined for her to go back to him if he got a divorce, Ning Xi chuckled and did not say anything else.

She was not sure where he got his confidence from.

It had been so many years. It was more than enough for her to fool around again and again. What made him think that she would still wait for him?

"Xiao Xi, just wait for me!" Su Yan left after saying that sentence.

Ning Xi glanced at the back of the man leaving. She did not do anything and of course, she would not stop him.

She was looking forward to seeing if Su Yan would really get a divorce. If he really did throw it out there, what would Ning Xueluo's expression be like?

After Su Yan left, Tang Nuo quickly went over and asked worriedly, "Sis, are you alright? What did he say?"

"Nothing. Just some nonsense. Let's go," Ning Xi said indifferently.

Tang Nuo felt guilty when he saw Ning Xi's irritation. "I'm sorry, Sis. It's my fault that you're upset! Actually, Bro Su Yan called me and told me that you're back, which is what triggered me to call you. I didn't expect that he'd do it on purpose…"

"It's fine. A jerk just used you. You have nothing to do with it. Don't blame yourself…" As Ning Xi was talking to Tang Nuo, her phone suddenly rang.

Her eyes softened when she saw the name "Darling" on her phone screen. She smiled and picked it up. "Hello, hubby?"

Lu Tingxiao felt like he was wrapped by a big lump of honey when he heard that soft and sweet endearment of "hubby" from Ning Xi. His hoarse voice was unable to hide his happiness. "Mmm, are you done? I'll go and pick you up."

"I'm done! Are you done with your meetings too?" Ning Xi asked.

"I just finished. There's still some stuff left, but it'll be quick."

"Then, you don't have to rush over. I'll go over to you. Wait for me!" Ning Xi said considerately.

"Okay." He would never reject his wife visiting him at work.

… Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Is it Brother-in-law? Is it Brother-in-law?" Tang Nuo asked with bright eyes.

"Yes, I'll go and look for him now. You go back to your dorm!" Ning Xi smiled.

"Mmm, be careful then. Send my regards to Brother-in-law!"

Tang Nuo was relieved when he saw the icy and pessimistic expression on Ning Xi's face vanish after she received a call from his brother-in-law.

Fortunately, someone like him had appeared.

He made her forget about the past and start over…