Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 192: My Future Sister-in-law

"Mm, what did you put in my mouth! Poison…" Lu Jingli was about to spit it out, but in a second, his face changed. "Sheet! This is really good! What is it? Crispy on the outside, but it melted in my mouth when I bit into it! It’s delicious! How can it be this yummy!"

"You still think through the stomach is useless now?"Ning Xi crossed her arms and asked calmly.

Lu Jingli nodded enthusiastically. "It’s useful, it’s useful! I would definitely go home to eat every single day if I had a wife who is this good at cooking!"

At first he had felt sympathy for his brother, but now there was some merit to marrying Ning Xi!

"Now do you still want to bury your little babies?"

Lu Jingli said earnestly: "No, no, no, your pot is their perfect tomb! From now on, you can pick all the vegetables you want! As long as you let me join the dinner! Woah, the crayfish so good, aww, and the beef steak is great, too, what spices did you use? I’ve tasted good food from all over, and haven't eaten anything tastes this special!"

"It’s a closely guarded secret, how can I tell you the recipe… hey, hey, hey, enough, slow down, the three of us were busy cooking until now, and we haven't had a single bite!"

"Cough, excuse me, you guys sit, sit! Eat up! No, no, no, wait! I need to take a picture and post it in my WeChat Moments! It’s so freaking tasty! Xiao Xi Xi, I really would never have been able to tell that you have such a talent!"

Lu Jingli took a few pictures as he spoke, and posted in his WeChat Moments with captions: [Aww! Everyone! Let me tell you! My future sister-in-law cooks so so so well! I am seriously so jealous of my brother!]

"What are you posting?" Curious, Ning Xi came closer to take a look

Lu Jingli immediately put his phone away. "How can you invade someone else’s privacy!"

"Privacy my butt, you already posted it in your Moments! Hmph, I’ll take a look myself!" Ning Xi took her phone out and opened WeChat, since she had added Lu Jingli as a friend there anyway.

In the end, she didn't find anything.

"F***! Lu Jingli, what on earth did you write that is so secretive? You actually set me as invisible!"

What do you care what I wrote! I’m free to write whatever I want!"

"But I was the one who cooked the dishes in your pictures!"

…

While Ning Xi and Lu Jingli squabbled like kids, Lu Tingxiao took a look at his phone without being noticed, then saw what Lu Jingli had posted, and the words "future sister-in-law".

No wonder he had set it up so that Ning Xi couldn’t see it.

It had only been a few minutes since it was posted, and already so many people had commented.

[Mo Lingtian: Holy sheet! I thought you weren’t being serious last time, he really has a girlfriend? Looks like she has pretty good skills! I never thought Lu Tingxiao would be interested in the housewife type!]

[Qin Mufeng: That’s unexpected, she can actually cook? As someone who analyzes people professionally, I really can’t tell that she's the housewife type at all!] F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

[Master Lu: Not bad.]

[Madam Lu: Aiyaya, this girl is really not bad! Nowadays there are not many girls who can cook! Is that my good grandson Little Treasure’s hand in the bottom right? It looks like he’s gained weight! Good good good!

And there were many other comments saying things like Lu Tingxiao being a lucky guy, and asking when was he going to introduce her to them, and when could they come over for free meals.

"By the way, Xiao Xi Xi, your manager has been decided!" Lu Jingli quickly changed the topic.

As expected, Ning Xi’s attention was immediately diverted. "Really? Who, who?"

"Hehe, not telling you! Unless you promise to cook me another meal!" Lu Jingli looked like he was happy to keep her guessing, and needed to get beaten up for it.

Ning Xi gave him a disdainful look before turning to Lu Tingxiao next to her. "Lu Tingxiao, who is it?"