Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 195: Not Allowed To Date

After introducing the assistant, Ling Zhizhi gave her a bunch of keys. "This is the apartment that the company has arranged for you. Move in as soon as possible."

Out of the corner of her eye, Ning Xi glimpsed the small characters engraved on the key: Regal Riveria Hotel.

God! Arranging for her, a newcomer in the company, to stay at Regal Riveria Hotel?

The most expensive villa residences in B City was Platinum Palace, and the most expensive apartment building was Regal Riveria Hotel. Both were projects developed by the Lu Corporation.

She remembered Ning Xueluo also lived in Regal Riveria Hotel…

As expected, Glory World had deep pockets!

Ning Xi looked a little troubled. "Thank you, Sister Lin, but… I might not be able to move in for the time being…

Ling Zhizhi gave her a glance. "Have a boyfriend?"

Seeing that Ling Zhizhi had misunderstood that she was living with a boyfriend, she hurriedly explained, "No, not because of a boyfriend! I have to stay with friends for a while because of a particular matter. Once things are sorted out, I’ll move in. I guarantee that it won't affect my work. Also, the place I’m staying at now has very good privacy." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Ling Zhizhi did not ask anymore questions after that, but she looked serious. "As long as you are clear about it in your heart. I won't interfere too much in your private affairs, but I have one basic condition that you have to follow. At this stage, you’re not allowed to date anyone. I don’t have to explain the reasons for it, do I?"

Leng Manyun, whom she had nurtured as a newcomer, suddenly wanted to retire for a man; this had been quite a blow to her.

The feeling of being abandoned by a teammate, after everything they had been through together, had left her very disheartened.

"Sister Lin, you don’t have to worry on this point, right now, I’m only focused on doing well as an actress," Ning Xi said in a determined tone.

After Ling Zhizhi heard this, her expression remained bland, and she had nothing special to say.

As soon as a woman encountered love, she would lose her head; even if Ning Xi vowed it to her a hundred times now, it would still be useless.

Next, Ling Zhizhi briefed her on the company's rules and regulations, and handed her a document: "Today, Starlight Entertainment is holding a press conference with the main intention of announcing that they have blacklisted you.

"We are also going to hold a press conference on our end. It’ll be at nine o'clock tomorrow morning. This is the procedure and matters that need attention, as well as questions that the reporters might ask at the press conference. Go back and read it carefully."

Ning Xi took the document: "Sister Lin, don’t worry. I’ll try my best to do well!"

Though Ling Zhizhi always looked cold and seemed to be very strict, Ning Xi didn’t feel uncomfortable at all, and instead, actually felt extraordinarily safe.

With the company arranging and settling everything behind the scenes, she only needed to focus her energy on acting well, which would be much easier to do now than before.

Seeing the sincere gratitude and sheer fighting spirit in the girl’s eyes, the good feeling which Ling Zhizhi had about her increased even more. Forget it, she would give it a try for the time being. While Lu Jingli was usually not very reliable, at least his eye for people was good, and all the people he had scouted had all become well-known.

"Mm, you can leave. There are some other details which I’ll slowly tell you about later. If there is anything that you don't understand, you can give me a call me anytime."

"Okay, then see you later, Sister Lin!"

…

When Ning Xi came to Glory World today, she had driven the black Audi which Lu Tingxiao had prepared for her. Her recent exposure was so high that it would be very troublesome if she was recognized on the subway.

On the way back, Ning Xi excitedly tried the auto-drive function, and after determining its position and navigation, the car began to drive itself automatically. She leaned back against the driver's seat, and did whatever she wanted.

As expected, it was so cool!

Technology could really change lives!

Starlight Entertainment’s press conference should have ended by now. Ning Xi picked up her cellphone to open Weibo and scroll through the reactions on the Internet.