Chapter 215: Little Treasure Freaks Out

"Su Yan, you don't need to apologize. Even if you were given a second chance, you would still choose to believe in Ning Xueluo."

Su Yan hurriedly explained, "I wouldn't…"

"Don’t say that you wouldn’t, take this incident as an example. Ning Xueluo told you that she was innocent and put all the blame on Cui Caijing, correct? And you, you believed her again, right? If I told you that she lied to you, would you believe me?" Ning Xi spoke slowly and clearly.

Su Yan subconsciously avoided her eyes and said firmly, "I will put more effort into investigating the matter!"

Ning Xi smiled and shook her head. "True belief doesn’t need investigation. Back when you chose to believe in her, you didn't listen to me at all."

"Xiao Xi, I…"

"Brother Yan…"

"Xiao Xi!" Su Yan suddenly raised his head. This time, he clearly heard it; she called him "Brother Yan."

Ning Xi looked out the window, into the darkness, and felt as if she’d gone back in time. Her voice became blurry. "Brother Yan, do you remember? When I was 9, I really wanted that back pack with my idol’s picture printed on it, but my parents wouldn’t buy it for me. Then 50 yuan went missing in the house. My grandma was sure that I stole it, my parents became suspicious, and even Xiao Nuo, was always on my side, even he thought that I took the money, because he knew that I really, really liked that male star…"

Su Yan couldn't bear to continue to listen. After hearing just half the story, his body was shaking and his eyes had turned red.

Ning Xi laughed at herself, seeming to lose her voice. "Only you, back then, only you believed that I didn't take the money. You took me out of the house, went to all the kids who came to play at my house, and knocked on one door after another until you found the kid who took the money…

You know what? Back then, I thought that when I grew up, this guy in front of me would be my future husband!"

"Xiao Xi, stop…" Su Yan closed his eyes in embarrassment.

Outside the door, Lu Jingli was screaming inside, sister-in-law, stop!!!

I’m afraid the whole hospital will disappear overnight!

Just then, Lu Tingxiao’s energy was horrifying, even overshadowing Jiang Muye’s jealousy. Lu Jingli coughed lightly and stepped further away from his brother. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

While everyone was looking into the ward, Little Treasure, who was standing next to Lu Tingxiao, threw off his father's hand and quickly ran into the ward.

Like a wolf pup, the little guy swiftly snatched Ning Xi’s hand, then tightly clasped his arms around Ning Xi’s thigh. He stared at Su Yan angrily, with rage flaming in his pretty eyes…

"Darn it! Little Treasure—" Lu Jingli was really scared, but as he was going to run after him, Lu Tingxiao blocked him with his arm.

Lu Jingli understood in a second that it would become more complicated if he also went in.

Little Treasure, who ran inside all of a sudden, scared Ning Xi. "Eh, darling… why are you here?"

She looked out through the little window in the door and saw Lu Tingxiao and the others all standing in the corridor.

Little Treasure looked up at Ning Xi with his little head thrown back. Tears welled up in his eyes and he soon started crying, the tears falling down his cheeks in big drops…

Ning Xi saw them and became worried. "Ai, don't cry! What is it? Be good, don't cry! Auntie will take you home right away!"

Ning Xi held Little Treasure in her arms and prepared to leave, when Su Yan called her to stop after finally returning to his senses—

"Xiao Xi! This kid… who… who is he?"