Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 219: Sex Drives People Nuts

As time passed, Ning Xi slowly inched closer to the man, before stopping just 1 cm away from his lips.

Um…

To kiss, or not to kiss…

That was the question.

"It’s not nice to take advantages from him, right?"

"But he came into my bed himself, I didn't force him?"

"And he bit me last time!"

"Sheet, what am I doing! Sex really does drive people nuts! It’s driving me nuts!"

…

Ning Xi talked to herself for a long time before she laid back down to her original spot.

The man beside her relaxed his body and was very disappointed at the same time.

It felt unbearable being turned on half way…

However, in the next second, the girl who had given up and peacefully returned, moved all of a sudden, harshly locking her warm lips with his…

The tip of her tongue licked his lips, biting on them several times as a test, then she tried to open his mouth…

Lu Tingxiao almost lost it.

The feeling of not being able to kiss back while being kissed so fiercely was killing him!

The girl wasn't a good kisser, she was just licking and biting, but that still turned him on big time…

After kissing, Ning Xi wiped her mouth and laid back down contentedly, murmuring to herself, "Who cares if I’m nuts or not! Such a good opportunity, it’s better to make good use of it and kiss up! So I can leave no regrets in my life!" FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

After hearing that, Lu Tingxiao didn't know if he should laugh or get angry.

Just some kisses, then no more regrets?

My dear, your life’s goal was really nothing.

I want to give you so much more…

It was even harder for Ning Xi to go to sleep after kissing him, so she started browsing the news on her phone.

As expected, Ning Xueluo immediately came out with some statements, putting all the blame on Cui Caijing and making herself out to be a victim again.

This time, however, Glory World wasn't going to let her get away with this. Liang Feixing was the best at controlling the direction of public opinion.

Under Liang Feixing’s management, Ning Xueluo’s statement didn't have any effect, mostly people thought that she was trying to get out of taking responsibility. After all, why would a nobody assistant put so much effort into taking revenge for just a few criticisms?

Some people thought that Ning Xueluo did it for Jia Qingqing, for their friendship, while some thought that Ning Xueluo was jealous because Ning Xi was better looking than her. Others even thought that Su Yan liked Ning Xi, and that was why Ning Xueluo wanted to get rid of her…

Ning Xueluo’s gentle, generous image was severely jeopardized.

Aside from this situation, fans were mostly concerned about future developments involving <The World>, as was Ning Xi.

The company was dealing with it, they just hadn't gotten a confirmation yet.

She’ll call Lin Zhizhi tomorrow to figure this out then!

After browsing the news, Ning Xi logged onto Weibo and found that her number of fans had increased a lot through this incident. A lot of new passers-by fans had written all sorts of encouraging comments.

Ning Xi thought for a while and posted a Weibo…