Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 227: I Miss You A Lot

After returning home, Ning Xi continued using dieting as an excuse for missing dinner, and the first chance she got, went up to her room.

She was really thankful for hers and Little Bun’s skyrocketing weight these last few days; it gave her such a good excuse!

After a while, there was a knock on the door. Luckily, from the sound of the footsteps, it wasn’t Lu Tingxiao.

Ning Xi had just showered, and she was drying her hair as she went over to open the door.

Wan Wan was standing at the door, holding a tray of food in her hands. Seeing how breathtaking Ning Xi looked after a shower, she was clearly stunned. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The girl in front of her was just too beautiful. Right after a shower, her white skin had a red flush to it that made her even more alluring, so much so that even she as a woman was captivated. No wonder Eldest Young Master…

Wan Wan quickly shook her head and came to her senses, as she said: "Miss Xiao Xi, Eldest Young Master had me bring you something to eat. Even though it’s important to watch your weight, you shouldn’t starve yourself. All these are low in calories and fat, eating them will be fine!"

"Okay, thank you, Wan Wan!" Looking at the cute servant, Ning Xi’s nervous mood eased a lot. "Wan Wan, you changed your hairstyle. It’s cute, it suits you very well!"

"Thank you, Miss Xiao Xi!" Wan Wan happily touched her hair, and then said hesitantly, "Miss Xiao Xi, you are a very good person. In fact, I think you and Eldest Young Master are especially compatible. It would be wonderful if you could become our Eldest Young Mistress! Otherwise, if some other scheming woman joined the family, we would definitely be very miserable!"

Ning Xi: "Uh…"

Why was even the maid starting to help him?

Please cut me some slack!

Later, Wan Wan knocked on her door again, and gave her a glass of milk.

When there was a knock at the door for the third time, Ning Xi was leaning against the balcony railing as she blew-dry her hair. Thinking it was Wan Wan again, she directly said to come in.

It was only when the footsteps got closer that she felt something wasn’t right.

She turned around, and as expected, she saw Lu Tingxiao’s face within reach…

"Lu Tingxiao…" Ning Xi subconsciously tightened her grip on the railing. "Did you need something?"

Lu Tingxiao did not speak, just stood there looking at her silently.

The girl in front of him was wearing a long royal-looking nightgown which reached her ankles; what should be covered was covered completely. After a blow-dry, her hair was still a little damp, drifting softly in the night wind. Her cheeks were still flushed from the steam of her shower, and her alert eyes flashed with a hint of startlement and vigilance…

When Ning Xi’s scalp almost tingled from being stared at, Lu Tingxiao finally spoke. "Ning Xi…"

Ning Xi: "Huh…?"

Lu Tingxiao: "I miss you very much."

Ning Xi instantly goggled, and almost thought that she had heard wrong. "Cough, cough… wha… what…"

Lu Tingxiao reached out to gently pick up a strand of hair by her ear, and said in a dreamy tone, like the chill rising from a pool of cold ice, "It feels like I haven’t seen you for a very long time…"

It was just two days, okay?

Argh, this wasn’t the main point!

The point was that Lu Tingxiao had just said that he missed her?

He directly said that he missed her?

This wasn’t how things were supposed to turn out!

She was definitely hallucinating, right? She had to be!

But as Ning Xi kept thinking of a proper reason for Lu Tingxiao’s actions, Lu Tingxiao took one step forward, put a hand around her waist, drew her gently to him, and then embraced her…

At the same time, his other hand came up around her, and in an extremely exhausted and yearning gesture, he leaned down to softly bury his head in the crook of her neck.

Ning Xi: "!!!"