Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 228: Let Me Hold You For A Little While

Ahhhhhhhh! OMG!

What was this situation?

It was as if Ning Xi’s brain had been invaded by a virus, throwing the coding into wild disarray. When she finally came back to her senses, her first reaction was to push him away quickly.

But Lu Tingxiao tightened his arms, and the voice in her ear sounded a little pitiful. "Don’t move, alright? Let me hold you for a little while…"

Ning Xi: "…"

How was she supposed to respond to this request?

Damn it! What the hell was Lu Tingxiao playing at?

She had been avoiding him these two days, and had been very careful not to stir him up. Why was he suddenly…

Ten seconds passed…

Thirty seconds passed…

One minute passed…

Three minutes passed…

It was supposed to be a little while only!!! Too untrustworthy!

The moment Ning Xi couldn’t bear it anymore, Lu Tingxiao released her. "Sorry. I forgot myself."

Ning Xi swallowed. "Uh hehe, it’s fine, it’s fine…"

F*** it! He almost scared her into a heart attack, and he thought he could make it alright with just a "forgot myself"?

What made her even more miserable was that she couldn’t say "no"!

Seeing the sullen look on the girl’s face, there was an imperceptible flash of amusement in his eyes. "Go to bed a little earlier. Good night."

"Hehe, goodnight, goodnight, goodnight to you too…"

Good night her butt, she didn’t need to sleep tonight!

…

The next morning, Ning Xi, who as expected had tossed and turned in bed the whole night, didn’t dare to get up.

Finally, she covertly gave Wan Wan a phone call.

"Wan Wan, has your Eldest Young Master gone to work yet?"

"No! But I think Eldest Young Master is very busy. His phone hasn’t stopped ringing since he got up and came downstairs. Assistant Cheng also came over in a hurry, and it seems he asked Eldest Young Master when would they be heading out…"

"And then?"

"Then Eldest Young Master hasn’t left! He’s been downstairs all this time! I don’t know what he’s waiting for…"

Ning Xi: "…"

It looked like she couldn’t avoid him!

Ning Xi took several deep breaths, adjusted her mindset, put on an impenetrable mask, and went downstairs with a calm, natural expression.

She saw Lu Tingxiao sitting leisurely on the sofa. Nearby, Assistant Cheng was holding a stack of documents in his hands, looking very anxious but not daring to urge him to hurry.

Ning Xi stretched as she came down the stairs. When she saw Lu Tingxiao, she deliberately showed an astonished expression. "Ehh? Lu Tingxiao, it’s already this time, why haven’t you gone to work yet?"

Lu Tingxiao heard the girl's voice, and raised his eyes to look at her with a soft expression. His eyes were like yarn, warmly and gently twining around her…

"I was waiting for you," Lu Tingxiao said.

Ning Xi was lifeless: "…"

Why was she suddenly unable to speak properly with him?

While Ning Xi had a foolish look on her face, Lu Tingxiao had already stood up and walked towards her.

Ning Xi’s instinctive reflex was to retreat, but as if they had some intangible power, the man’s eyes held her in place, and she couldn’t move.

Within a moment, Lu Tingxiao was already in front of her. He rubbed her head with his large palm. "If I don’t wait for you now, then I’ll be unable to see you for the whole day again."

Ning Xi was still lifeless: "…"

"I’m going to work." Saying that, Lu Tingxiao leaned forward to kiss her forehead.

Ning Xi: "…" She was now totally dead. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Behind them, Cheng Feng startled as if he had been blinded, then looked away with a flushed face, as if he had seen something inappropriate.

This was too inhumane, he had not only almost gone crazy with anxiety so early in the morning, he was also being oppressed as a single man!