Chapter 241: Teach The Big Demon King How To Chase Girls

Instinct told him… this was YS, the person Ning Xi once said was extremely dangerous, but she believed would never hurt her…

Lu Tingxiao looked at the man’s side profile for a very long time.A thought flashed through his head, but it was so quick that it was gone by the time he tried to catch hold of it.

What did he feel that… this person was somehow familiar?

Was it someone he knew…

"Lu Tingxiao, I’m almost done here! Are you done?" Ning Xi dragged a huge suitcase behind her, and turned her head to ask.

"Mm, done." Lu Tingxiao put the picture back without being noticed.

Ten minutes later, Ning Xi was standing downstairs with bags of different sizes.

Then, she finally understood why Lu Tingxiao was sure that all her things would fit.

A Lincoln limousine was parked outside quietly… Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Ugh…

There was no humanity in the world…

Ning Xi hastily pulled down the brim of her cap, and as swiftly as possible, carefully stuffed all her things into the car, then quickly urged the driver to start the car.

Because things had happened so suddenly, she hadn’t had time to get changed, and if she was photographed now, it would absolutely make the news headlines!

Sister Zhizhi had already told her to keep a low profile during this period, since she had created a big enough buzz; if things continued like this, it would be easy to attract negative public opinion.

As if sensing her worry, Lu Tingxiao said, "Don’t worry, reporters recognize the car plates."

Meaning, they would in no way dare to mess with the car owner.

"Eh… ok…"She was thinking too much. The Big Demon King was always prepared.

On the way to her new apartment, Lu Tingxiao suddenly said her name: "Ning Xi."

Ning Xi raised her head from where she had been absent-mindedly lost in thought. "Ah? What is it?"

Supporting his head with one hand, Lu Tingxiao’s gaze was deep as he looked at her,"I seem to remember you saying before that if I wanted to chase a girl, you would teach me."

A bomb exploded in Ning Xi’s head. She cursed herself in a very quiet voice, then laughed awkwardly, "I… I said that? Surely not! Hehehe…"

"You did. And you even said you would make sure I learn the right tricks. On the day we went to your apartment to get your spices, you received two package deliveries. One of them was a birthday gift from your ex-boyfriend. You said that he was lame at chasing girls, and told me not to learn for him," Lu Tingxiao reminded her as he recited all the details.

Ning Xi wanted to slap herself so badly: watch your mouth! Why didn't you think before you speak! Digging your own grave!

"So… so there is a girl you want to chase now?" Ning Xi could only pretend to be thick-skinned and ask.

"Mm." Lu Tingxiao nodded. There were stars in his eyes, and he looked at Ning Xi as if she was the whole world. "So, teach me."

F***! Teach her butt!

You only need to use that expression to look at any random girl, and they will all come flying themselves! Why would you need to chase them?

No choice, she had said it herself, there was no use crying over spilled milk…

Ning Xi coughed lightly, and acted like she didn't know anything as she lectured: "There’s a popular online saying, if she is not worldly enough, take her to see the bustling world; if she is experienced, take her on a carousel. Meaning, give the prescription according to the symptoms! What type of girl is the one you like?"

"She…" Lu Tingxiao paused, like he was thinking about something, and after a while, the ice in his eyes melted, and he said with a tender smile on his face, "She knows the world but isn't worldly, she's a wild spirit but is kind and gentle, she has experienced so much, but has maintained her purity and innocence all this time… she is the most wonderful girl I have ever met!"