Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 244: Slapped In The Face

Ning Xi lived here?

Impossible!

But you needed a key card to get in and out, so how did she get in?

Chang Li muttered to herself as she walked.In the end, she gave in to her curiosity, and went to ask the receptionist.

"Xiao Fang, the girl who came in just now… that was Ning Xi, does she live here?" Chang Li asked.

Xiao Fang had both a polite and troubled expression on her face. "Miss Chang, that concerns the privacy of our residents, which we cannot disclose, you already know how strict management is!"

Chang Li slipped a gift card into her hand. "Little sister, do me a favor! I just want to know if she really lives here, it’s not a sensitive issue, and won’t affect you!"

Xiao Fang glanced disdainfully at the gift card as she thought in her heart: you always boss me around so arrogantly, and now that you want something from me, you know how to talk and act nice?

She wanted to give it back, but then changed her mind. Taking the card, she said, "Yes, she lives here, the information was registered with us around half a month ago."

Hearing this, Chang Li’s eyes lit up. "Who’s the owner?"

Seeing her expression, Xiao Fang knew instantly what she was thinking, and said, "It was registered under Glory World Entertainment; no doubt her company arranged accommodation for her!"

Chang Li blinked dumbly. "What? Are you sure?" She had thought she could catch Ning Xi out with this…

Xiao Fang said in a confident tone, "How can it be a mistake, that suite is the best one in the whole of Regal Riveria. It’s facing the river and the view is especially good. It had always been vacant, up until half a month ago, when Glory World staff brought workers in to redecorate the whole place, and wrote down her information on the registration form!"

"Got it, thanks…" Chang Li’s face was black as she left.

Sheet, was Glory World Entertainment insane? Actually giving a newbie like Ning Xi such good privileges!

She thought about her conversation with Ning Xi not too long ago, about how nice it had been of Starlight to arrange accommodation for her… this simply felt like she was slapping her own face…

Looks like she needed to keep an eye on Ning Xi, and figure out once and for all who the person supporting this slut was!

…

With Lu Tingxiao’s help, Ning Xi finished unpacking her things in half a day.

Looking at everything in their place and how organized things were, her mood brightened up.

She had been feeling that everything was surreal after signing with Glory World; now, looking at what would be her home for the near future, she finally felt reality start to creep back in.

Ning Xi gave Lu Tingxiao a new towel to wipe off his sweat, and thanked him, "I’m really grateful for your help today, how about I treat you to dinner?"

No matter what, Lu Tingxiao had been busy the whole day helping her move house, the least she could do was treat him to a meal.

"How about we stay in to eat?" Lu Tingxiao asked.

Ning Xi scratched her head. "Ah, but the gas hasn’t been connected yet in the kitchen, and there’s nothing here, I’m afraid I won’t be able to cook…" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"It’s fine, you don't need to do anything, today has been very tiring." Lu Tingxiao made a phone call and only said two words to the person on the other end: "Come in."

In the next second, the doorbell rang.

Ning Xi opened the door suspiciously, then jumped in shock.

People in uniform were standing neatly in two rows outside the door, each one of them holding a gourmet dish in their hands.

The young brother standing in front of them held a big bouquet of lilies.

Standing tall and straight, Lu Tingxiao walked over with strong, steady steps and took the flowers from that young brother, then turned to Ning Xi. "For you."