Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 245: Was This A Confession?

Seeing that big bunch of white lilies, Ning Xi blinked in a daze, and took it reflexively.

Then the waiters came in one after another to spread a tablecloth and put down candlesticks. Within five short minutes, they had set up an incomparably exquisite candlelight dinner. Bowing, the well-trained waiters then left.

So this was what Lu Tingxiao meant about staying in to eat.

She thought he meant to cook at home!

She was too na?ve!!!

Just now she had seen that the waiters’ uniforms were engraved with the words "Red Chamber". Red Chamber was the most famous private restaurant in B City’s aristocratic circle. It cooked for only one table every day, and reservations were lined up until next year.

This restaurant also had a rule that you couldn’t order any dishes — you ate whatever they cooked. It was this type of restaurant, yet Lu Tingxiao was actually able to get them to do take-outs…

Ning Xi looked at the flowers, and then looked at the candlelight dinner…

"These… aren’t these all the signs of a confession?" a small voice in Ning Xi’s head whispered fearfully.

Lu Tingxiao had deliberately sent Little Treasure away today, arranged these things in advance, and even asked her how to chase girls, which was a very leading question…

Was he really going to…

Why was it that the more she thought, the more she panicked?

The next second, her gaze landed on the little dessert stand next to the table. Er, there can’t possibly be an engagement ring hidden in the cake, right, cough, cough, cough…

Impossible! Impossible! Given Lu Tingxiao’s character, there was no way he would use a method that was so easy to guess!

"Don’t like the food?" Seeing that her complexion wasn’t good, Lu Tingxiao frowned slightly, and then picked up the phone. "I’ll have them remove these and bring other ones."

Ning Xi hurriedly waved her hands. "No need, no need! They’re all dishes I like! What I meant was… I should be the one treating you, how did it turn into you treating me!"

"It’s the same," Lu Tingxiao said indifferently. Then he pulled out the chair for her like a gentleman.

"Cough, thank you…" Ning Xi could only sit down.

She cautiously observed Lu Tingxiao, then realized a particular detail.

Today was not a work day, so accordingly he should be dressed in casual clothes. But today he was dressed up smartly, and had put on a bowtie for the first time!

After sitting down, Ning Xi realized in her absent-mindedness, she had forgotten that she was still holding the flowers in her arms, so she hurriedly looked for a vase to arrange them in.

"Like it?" asked Lu Tingxiao.

"What?" Ning Xi was taken aback.

"The lilies."

"Er, I like them very much…"

"Mm, I think lilies suit you very well." Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Ning Xi: "…"

Was he talking about how the lily stood for "purity", or "a harmonious union lasting one hundred years"?

"Eat up." Lu Tingxiao passed her some food with his chopsticks.

"Uh huh… it’s fine, I’ll help myself!" To conceal her anxiety, Ning Xi began to wolf down her food.

When she ate until her stomach started to feel uncomfortable, she finally realized something was off. She had a half-eaten cake in one hand, and she knitted her brows as she looked at the man opposite her.

Lu Tingxiao hadn’t eaten very much, but he had opened a bottle of wine which he had been drinking by himself. The bottle looked like it was almost empty now…

"Lu Tingxiao, why are you just drinking wine, and so much of it! I didn’t see you eat very much, hmm… pu…"

Ning Xi still had had some cake in her mouth when she spoke, and while she was talking, she suddenly bit down on something hard, and hurriedly opened her mouth to spit it out.

"What the hell, what is this thing, my teeth are numb…"

With a ding, a sparkling ring… fell onto the white porcelain plate in front of her…