Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 253: I Am Your Private Backer

"Meeting adjourned."

With two words, Lu Tingxiao took up his phone and walked out of the meeting room.

Ning Xi was waiting for Lu Tingxiao to text her a reply, and was startled when he directly called her back instead.

Ning Xi let Xiao Tao know she was picking up a call, then hurriedly found an empty corner to do so.

"Hello…"

"I saw your text." Lu Tingxiao sounded happy.

Ning Xi picked at the ceramic tiles on the wall with her fingernail. "Oh."

When she had sent the text, she hadn’t thought anything about it, but why did she now feel that something was off?

"Jealous?" Lu Tingxiao’s low, rough voice came through the line.

"Cough cough cough cough cough…" Ning Xi was so alarmed by the word that she burst into furious coughing, then said angrily, "Who’s jealous! I was thinking that it was important to be clear about the relationships inside the company, so I just asked, that’s all!"

F***! No wonder she felt something was off! It looked like she was jealous!

"If it was just a random question, then I refuse to answer,"Lu Tingxiao said.

"Ha…?" Ning Xi was struck dumb. Never in a million years had she expected that Lu Tingxiao could actually be so childish. "Then what do you want, before you’ll tell me?"

Lu Tingxiao: "Recall my question."

Which question? About being jealous?

Actually…

When she heard Xiao Tao guessing that it was an intimate relationship, and she thought about Lu Tingxiao with another woman, in her heart, she had in fact felt a little uncomfortable…

But how could she admit that! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

So Ning Xi said casually, "Forget it, if you don't want to answer, I’ll just believe that you’re sleeping with Su Yimo. Just that can directly send your score down to zero!"

Lu Tingxiao sighed, and helplessly compromised. "Don’t worry, there’s nothing between us, you don't need to be concerned with her in the company."

"Then why do people say that you are her backer? And all the resources she had, didn't you ask people to give them to her?" Ning Xi didn’t understand.

"I am your private backer," Lu Tingxiao answered.

Her face hot, Ning Xi immediately said seriously, "Answer the question! Don't mess around!"

Lu Tingxiao laughed. "Heh…"

"And no laughing!"

Lu Tingxiao finally stopped teasing her, and coughed softly. "I did give the order, but I had nothing to do with it after that. The reason I gave that order was because you could say that she saved Little Treasure’s life once."

"What? What happened to Little Treasure?" Ning Xi instantly became anxious as she asked.

"Before, in order for him to socialize more, I tried sending him to school. In the end, he lost control of his emotions and ran outside, and almost got hit by a car. Fortunately, another car at that time suddenly rushed out and hit that car, saving Little Treasure’s life. The person driving that car was Su Yimo. She had been driving drunk, which was why her car had rushed out like that. So through a strange combination of events, she saved Little Treasure’s life…"

Ning Xi was struck dumb by each thing that she heard. "Sheet! I really don’t know who was the lucky one, Little Treasure or Su Yimo! So to repay her, you gave that order?"

She could understand why Lu Tingxiao had done it. Even if she had saved Little Treasure by accident and not by design, she had still saved him.

"Yes."

"Tch, she actually really saved Little Treasure’s life! That time, why didn't you repay her with yourself?"

Lu Tingxiao killed her with one stroke: "Do you think I would do that for just anyone?"