Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 255: Who Said She’s My Ex-Girlfriend

Lin Zhizhi was speaking to Lei Ming, and took no notice of Jiang Muye’s gaze at all. When she was done, she turned to Ning Xi. "Ning Xi, I have some things to discuss with Brother Ming, please go through your scenes with your Senior Brother."

"Okay, Sister Zhizhi, you go ahead~""

As soon as she had obediently sent Lin Zhizhi off, Ning Xi instantly returned to her demon self, and she looked at Jiang Muye mockingly. "Tut tut tut, golden retriever, see it, did you see it just not? After I found out that Sister Zhizhi was your ex-girlfriend, for a long time I felt so sad and regretful for her. I was worried when the two of you met, she would be embarrassed. In the end, our Sister Zhizhi didn’t even spare you a glance! So cool! I’m really liking her more and more!"

Jiang Muye ground his teeth and stared at her angrily. "Who the hell told you that she’s my ex-girlfriend?"

Ning Xi blinked at him. "Didn’t you say it yourself?" Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"F*** off! I never said anything like that, you made it up yourself!"

"Who asked you to have such an easily misunderstood expression…" Ning Xi grumbled. After that, she became even more curious. "Even if she’s not your ex-girlfriend, what on earth happened between the two of you? Why are you so tense around her?"

"When have I ever been tense around her? Ning Xiao Xi, can you stop imagining nonsense!" Jiang Muye was tormented almost to the point of collapse.

In order to get the truth out of him, Ning Xi used a gentler, placating tone. "Okay, okay, I’ll stop imagining things, so tell me yourself! What on earth happened?"

"What else could have happened? She just used to manage me, that’s all!" Jiang Muye flipped through the script in his hand crossly.

Ning Xi was stunned, and widened her eyes. "No way, Sister Zhizhi managed you? She was your manager?"

Jiang Muye gave her a disdainful look. "What, got a problem with that?" What was that expression on her face?

Ning Xi shook her head, and sighed, "That is even more pitiful than being your ex-girlfriend…"

Jiang Muye’s wild personality was well-known in the industry; none of the assistants that worked for him had lasted over a week.

The reason why Lei Ming this manager hadn’t been switched out after so long was because, despite his burly appearance which made him look a little fierce, he had a very good character and was very patient, and so was able to work with Jiang Muye for this long.

Ning Xi felt relieved knowing that Lin Zhizhi and Jiang Muye hadn’t been involved in that way, otherwise if something went wrong in this love triangle, it would be very easy for things to become awkward between the three of them.

At this time, Xiao Tao had someone bring over a super luxurious deck chair. "Sister Xi, use this!"

On set, only the male and female leads or the actors with a higher status could enjoy this privilege. Ning Xi used to sit on a little wooden stool in a corner, or on a normal chair at the most. She never expected that she would one day actually experience this kind of treatment…

"Thank you for your hard work, Xiao Tao!" Ning Xi said gratefully.

Even though Xiao Tao had been feeling sorry for herself since Leng Manyun left the industry, and she was also not satisfied with her lot in life at the moment, she was still dedicated to her work.

"Want to run some lines?" Ning Xi raised her script and asked, determined to carry out her Lord Manager’s orders.

"Run lines my ass! I didn't sleep the whole night! I need a nap! Leave me alone!" Jiang Muye covered his face with his script and promptly when to sleep.

"…"Ning Xi silently lit a candle for Lei Ming, and after that, rejoiced for Lin Zhizhi, who had already luckily escaped from this abyss of suffering.