Chapter 270: An Irrational Kiss

All along, she had always thought of Lu Tingxiao as a serious and restrained gentleman, yet this kiss was urgent, almost savage and primitive.

The grip on her waist was like iron, and her mouth was filled with the metallic taste of her own blood as her lips were being bitten. Her tongue was also getting pulled to the point of numbness, and she felt as if she was getting devoured…

"Mmm…Lu…" Whenever she attempted to fight back, he held her down even tighter and was more ruthless.

She winced at the shooting pain in her neck and looked at the man in front of her who had lost his control. He was such a stranger to her that she was worried…

Ning Xi discreetly took off the wooden hairpin from her head and quickly pointed the sharp end at his neck when he had his guard down, warning him, "Lu Tingxiao, you’d better calm down or else…!"

Lu Tingxiao’s kisses stopped at her collarbone, but only for a moment. He seemed as if he was deciding where to continue, before he found his way to her lips again, with no sign of stopping…

"You…," Ning Xi felt helpless.

This guy, can he read minds?

He knew that she would not hurt a single hair on him, he knew that…she would not be able to bring herself to do it.

Her mind flashed across to a story she once read, about a girl’s beloved who was cursed to become a monster, yet the girl could not bear to leave him. She even let him have her flesh and blood so that he would not hurt the local villagers and get killed in the process…

When she had finished reading the story, she thought the girl was a total idiot. But now, she had become that idiot.

Lu Tingxiao’s kisses lingered repeatedly at her sensitive earlobe, when Ning Xi finally had the chance to quickly say, "Lu Tingxiao, did you forget what you promised me? Or are you breaking your promise?"

When he heard her voice, some rationality passed through his eyes and he paused before replying mellowly, "Inspection."

Ning Xi almost laughed at this. "Inspection? Who inspects like you? With you sitting there, who wouldn’t be distracted from their acting?"

"Professionalism," he replied monotonously.

"Are you trying to say that I’m not professional? You…Fine! I really haven’t been very professional today, but there will be no next time! Also, if you’re just here to inspect, then what are you doing right now?" Ning Xi questioned.

Lu Tingxiao wrapped her tightly in his arms, as if hugging his favorite toy that he had just snatched back from other kids, and did not say a word more.

At this point, Ning Xi was a mess. All the negative thoughts she had tried so hard to suppress surfaced, forcing her to face the music and make a decision…

Moments passed, and as Ning Xi was about to go limp in his warm, intoxicating embrace, she came back to her senses. She took a deep sigh before saying, "Lu Tingxiao, you gave me seven days. Well, you don’t have to wait for seven days, I can just answer you now."

"I don’t want to hear it," said Lu Tingxiao, whose expression tightened and he immediately went in for a kiss again, in an attempt to stop her from saying more.

Ning Xi had a look of despair as she dodged him, "Lu Tingxiao, listen to me." Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

As if afraid she would hesitate, Ning Xi squeezed her eyes tightly before looking at him and said —