Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 283: What Are You Going To Do About It?

Ning Xueluo very quickly regained her posture and said with a look of disdain, "Huh, Ning Xi, I was wondering how amazing you’d be off stage, but you’re just with a small time actor!"

News about Ning Xi and Jiang Muye’s scandal had been making rounds for the past two days, but naturally, she was one of the first to know.

She did secretly hire someone to spy on them, but who knew - she didn’t have to do the work herself as they would be exposed by fans. In fact, it was the total opposite of what she had predicted would happen based on previous circumstances. Instead of ruining Ning Xi’s reputation, she gained lots of new fans and popularity.

Damn you, witch, you actually managed to handle Jiang Muye. No wonder the signing of the contract with Glory World sailed smoothly.

Even though she had said "small time actor", she knew in her heart that Jiang Muye was not just any celebrity.

Jiang Muye’s mom, Tan Jingxian was Lu family’s goddaughter. Jiang Muye actually referred to the Lu parents as grandmother and grandfather, while calling Lu Tingxiao his uncle!

With such connections, even if they were not related by blood, it was already considered a close kinship.

With the Lu family’s support, the Jiang family’s business had expanded massively. As the Jiang family only had Jiang Muye an only son, the family business would definitely be inherited by him.

However, with Jiang Muye’s personality, he was probably only messing around with Ning Xi for a while. Ning Xueluo doubted she would reach to the point of marriage. What a proposterous thought!

"If you look down upon actors, then what are you?" Ning Xi asked with eyebrows raised.

"I’m still Mother and Father’s daughter, and Ning family’s eldest daughter. Naturally, I’m nobler than you are!" Ning Xueluo said this arrogantly, obviously purposefully boasting about how Ning Yaohua and Zhuang Lingyu did not hold a grudge against her for that incident.

She chose this industry not only because she loved being sought after and enjoyed the feeling of getting what Ning Xi could not, but the best part was that she could widen her network.

This time too, it was thanks to the fact that she pulled some strings to help Ning International close a big deal that she could walk away from the shadow of framing Ning Xi. She really had to be more careful from then on.

As she thought about this, Ning Xueluo suddenly felt empowered and haughtily said, "You sold yourself for merely eight million, someone like you don’t deserve to be comparing and negotiating with me."

"Pfft…" Ning Xi burst out laughing as she heard this.

"What are you laughing at?"

Ning Xi looked at her unbothered and said, "I’m laughing at the eight million!"

Ning Xueluo frowned, "Ning Xi, you can stop being weird with me. What do you mean?"

Ning Xi shook her head and sighed, ""Miss Ning, I’m really sorry but I didn’t think that you’d be this stupid. I can’t believe you still don’t know where I got the eight million from."

Ning Xueluo scoffed coldly, "Isn’t it from you prostituting yourself to Jiang Muye? What is there that I don’t know about?"

Ning Xi had a smug expression as she leaned forward to her ear and said in a low voice, "That eight million dollars worth of breach of contract fee…didn’t you give that to me yourself?"

"What? I gave that to you?! Ning Xi, you’re crazy, aren’t you? Why would I have…" Ning Xueluo stopped mid-sentence before she widened her eyes and said, "Ning Xi…it was you…the person who threatened and intimidated me was you!"

"Yeah, it was me. What are you going to do about it?" Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"You were blackmailing me! I’m going to sue you!"

"Ahhh, I’m so afraid!"

"You…you…" Ning Xueluo was furious.

She never would have thought her hard earned money would have ended up in Ning Xi’s pocket as her breach of contract fee.

The incident had finally subsided and she could never mention it again. Besides, she didn’t have any evidence. She had long hired people to decode those anonymous letters and the bank account but to no avail.

At last, she had no choice but to swallow her defeat.