Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 308: Let Him Sleep For A While

Ning Xi was speechless.

Didn't he say it was something very urgent? How could he just run off like that?

It was a good thing she had her phone with her, so Ning Xi quickly called Lu Jingli, "You ass! Lu Jingli, where are you? How could you just run off like that?! Am I not your friend?"

Ning Xi scolded him in a lowered voice when finally, from the other end of the phone came Lu Jingli's weak defense, "No…I've always thought of you as my sister-in-law…"

"You…" Ning Xi was about to explode from anger.

"Xiao Xixi, it's not that I don't want to help you. It's because…never mind…just give Dr. Qin a call and you'll know…"

Qin Mufeng?

His relationship with Lu Tingxiao was pretty good, and he was also someone who knew Lu Tingxiao quite well. Perhaps he'd have some ideas?

Was it because Lu Jingli did not want to offend his brother so he told her to look for Qin Mufeng?

After deliberating, she quickly gave Qin Mufeng a call.

"Hello, Ning Xi? What's up?" Qin Mufeng sounded surprised as he had never thought that Ning Xi would call him.

He had always regarded himself as inferior to her, seeing that someone as inexperienced and new to the industry as her could achieve success that he had not yet been able to. That was why he did not interact much with Ning Xi or even why they both did not contact each other.

"I have something I need your help with. Would it be okay if you dropped by the Platinum Palace?"

"What's up?"

"Umm…did you know about me and Lu Tingxiao…?"

"I roughly know a little."

"Currently, Lu Tingxiao's situation is a bit odd, could you come over to have a look?" L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Could you be any less vague?"

Ning Xi buried her face in her hands. How could she explain the current situation?

At last, Ning Xi just simply blurted out everything that happened, "That was what happened…and now I'm chained down by him…"

The other end of the phone was silent for a while, then Qin Mufeng said, "Ning Xi, do you really think he would hurt you?"

"I…" Of course she was not worried.

But in front of Qin Mufeng, she definitely would not admit it, so she decided to be ambiguous. "I don't know, he did say such scary things!"

Qin Mufeng softly sighed, "There is something that Lu Tingxiao made me keep a secret from everyone. Lu Jingli knows though, but he guessed it himself."

Ning Xi frowned, "What is it?"

"Since you rejected him, he has been suffering from severe insomnia. He can only sleep for three hours at most every day."

Ning Xi face darkened, "How did it become like this?"

Qin Mufeng explained, "Based on my experience, it was probably because he's experiencing from severe psychological stress. Lu Tingxiao's definitely not as harmless as he seems. He will do anything to achieve his purpose. Only when it comes to you, you are the exception.

"In order not to harm you, he kept suppressing his true personality, but internally he's battling with himself. He was worried that if he let loose a little, he might lose control of himself and do something regrettable. You must know that the pressure he faces is immense, and he doesn't dare relax even for a moment…"

At this point, Qin Mufeng paused, "No matter as a doctor or as a friend, I have a favour to ask. Ning Xi, let him sleep for a while. If he goes on like this, he would not be able to endure it even if he was Iron Man. Be rest assured that with his current health condition, he won't be able to do anything to you."