Chapter 310: Indeed You Did Something Bad

After what seemed like forever, Lu Tingxiao suddenly said, "Ning Xi, a person's taste will change."

Ning Xi was confused, "What? What do you mean? What does this have to do with someone's taste?"

Lu Tingxiao replied, "One day, you will realize that cabbage is yummier than carrots."

Ning Xi was speechless. Could he be more straightforward?

Lu Tingxiao touched the girl's little head and said, "Let's go, a freshly awoken person's appetite is voracious."

Plus, she just dropped a bomb on him. The fact that he could control his temper till now was a miracle…

As soon as Ning Xi heard about the improvement in his appetite, she flew off the bed.

Lu Tingxiao called out to her from behind, "Hold on."

"Uhh…what else?" Ning Xi rigidly spun around.

"Take all your stuff away," Lu Tingxiao said.

"I did!" Ning Xi was confused.

Lu Tingxiao looked at the rows of wardrobe in front of him and reminded, "Clothes."

Ning Xi felt awkward, "I don't need all of these, they're too expensive." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The problem was not just that the clothes were expensive and luxurious brands, it was that she had not even heard of some of them.

"It's my friend's brand, he only gifted it to me because he couldn't sell it off, so it's not that valuable. If you don't want, I will let uncle Yuan throw it out," Lu Tingxiao said.

Ning Xi looked hurt, "It's a pity to throw them away! Besides, they are a piece of your friend's hard work! Actually, these clothes do look quite nice, your friend is talented, he would definitely be famous in the future. The price of these clothes might appreciate then…even though you won't be using it, you could keep it for your future girlfriend or something…"

Lu Tingxiao shot her a look, "You think I would give my future girlfriend clothes that I gave someone once and was rejected?"

"Uhh…there's too many, I can't take it all. There isn't enough space in the apartment!"

"You don't have to worry about that, I'll get someone to send it over."

Ning Xi only wanted to leave as soon as possible, so she hurriedly agreed, "Fine, then! Thank you, CEO Lu! Bye, CEO Lu!"

…

She finally left the bungalow.

Ning Xi stretched her arms to the sky and breathed a sigh of relief when her phone suddenly rang.

She thought it was the drama team calling to rush her, but she almost dropped her phone at the sight of the caller ID.

It only showed two letters: YS.

It must have been because she had just used this guy, so coincidentally he was calling her. Ning Xi felt bad, but after calming herself down to not reveal anything, she picked up the phone, "Hello…"

"Did something bad now, didn't you?" the coarse voice from the other end of the phone said.

Ning Xi was shocked.

"Pfft, you did do it." This time he had a confident tone.

Ning Xi wanted to shoot herself. How did he guess? All she said was just a simple "hello".

"My dear, I really underestimated your nerve," he said dangerously.

Ning Xi was shocked again, yet another person saying she had nerves.

"It looks like if I don't return soon, you'd really cheat on me."

Ning Xi could not stand it any longer, "Since when did I cheat on you? Pfft, no way, I've got nothing to do with you at all. How could I ever cheat on you?"

"Hah, it's Lu Tingxiao, isn't it…"

Ning Xi stiffened when she heard him say Lu Tingxiao's name, "If you dare do anything to him, I won't let you go!"