Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 344: You're Too Beautiful Tonight

𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Outside the bar was a road flanked by gingko trees.

The night was cold, as a couple strolled slowly along the quiet road.

"Are you alright?" Lu Tingxiao asked in concern.

Ning Xi shook her head. She had not entirely calmed down from the scene earlier, "How did you suddenly appear back there?"

"I was discussing some matters upstairs and just finished. I saw you as I was about to leave," Lu Tingxiao explained.

"Oh…" Ning Xi did not really know what to say and just responded, "Thank you for rescuing me from that situation."

Lu Tingxiao was shrugged nonchalantly, "You don't have to thank me. I know, that even if I didn't come forward, you would be able to resolve it by yourself. I just didn't want you to have to dirty your hands."

Ning Xi's heart beat fast as his low coarse voice lingered by her ear. She cleared her throat and tried to change the topic, "Right, why did you tell them that I was your boss? Clearly, you're the one who's my boss…you seem to have messed it up…"

"What is a boss's role to you?" Lu Tingxiao did not answer her, redirecting her another question instead.

"A boss's role?" Ning Xi thought about it, then answered, "Probably someone who provides me with a monthly salary, as I help him earn revenue, and follow all his orders?"

"Mmm," Lu Tingxiao nodded.

Ning Xi was speechless and dumbfounded. What did that reaction mean?

In the next second, she suddenly understood…

Based on her explanation, wouldn't the definition of a boss be similar to that a wife's? Sigh, this was the longest road she had ever walked down in her lifetime…

The road leading to the devil's trap…

"Um, it's quite late now, I shall make a move first. Thank you for tonight!" Ning Xi announced her departure.

Lu Tingxiao was just walking to his parking spot so he opened the passenger door to his car and said, "I'll send you home."

Ning Xi scratched her head and said, "I don't think there's a need for that, I can just hail a taxi for myself."

Lu Tingxiao then replied, "You're too beautiful tonight. It's not safe."

Ning Xi was tongue tied yet again. She decided that from now on, she should shut up to be safe from his flirtations.

Finally, Lu Tingxiao sent her to her apartment. Ning Xi breathed a sigh of relief as she was finally home. She took a bow and said, "Thank you, boss, I'll go up now!"

"Ning Xi," Lu Tingxiao suddenly called to stop her.

"Yes?"

"Can I hug you for a while?" Lu Tingxiao asked in a soft voice, as if afraid that anyone except her would hear.

Ning Xi was shocked.

The stars shined brightly and the wind blew softly. Under the moonlit sky, Lu Tingxiao's eyes were charmingly gentle…

Damn it!

His seduction skills were too smooth, and she felt like her gates of resistance could not hold up its guard much longer…

She knew that he was trying to seduce her, and knew that every step he made was a plan that had a motive. Yet, she could not help herself…

Who could ignore flirtations from someone that they liked? She definitely deserved an award for the fact that she could resist it all the while.

What to do, what to do, what to do…to agree or not to agree?

As the atmosphere became increasingly taut with sexual tension, Ning Xi's handphone suddenly rang, abruptly interrupting the quiet midnight air.

Ning Xi was still torn between how to react when she glanced at her phone reluctantly. When she saw the phone clearly, her blood ran cold!

Across the phone screen was a sentence: [My dear, agree to him and see what happens. I challenge you. ^_^ —YS]

Damn it!