Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 365: Tonight Belongs To You

On the stage, Ning Xueluo was staring at Su Yan with a grin as she could easily guess the purpose of his phone call.

There was indeed a master in the Su family these few days - the founder of China’s best eatery, Green Lotus. He had prepared meals for ministers from Great Britain, France, and Germany before, and he was born into a family of renowned chefs. He had been achieving astounding results since he was young. But in recent years, he kept a low profile and rarely showed himself to the public.

A top chef like him actually had deep connections with the Su family. It was also only because of He Xin that Su Yan was able to invite William Fee.

Su Yan did not even think about it before because of He Xin’s status but the situation now left him with no choice but to ask his father for a favor and request for He Xin’s assistance. It was not just about Ning Xueluo, but it was also for Su Yan and the Su family’s honor.

After a while, Su Yan regained his smile, and Ning Xueluo was relieved as well.

Looking at Su Yan’s expression, he probably got it settled with his father. Only someone like Su Yan’s father would be able to invite someone of He Xin’s status. Su Yan’s father studied overseas when he was still young and he was classmates with He Xin. It seemed that he helped He Xin quite a lot, so it only took a word from Su Yan for He Xin to help out for the sake of his father.

If He Xin came here, he might not be on par with Danial’s culinary skills, but his status and influence was not limited to just cooking…

Quickly, Su Yan went back to Ning Xueluo, and smiled gently, "Xueluo, don’t be angry anymore. In just moments, there will be a bigger surprise. Uncle He Xin will be here to make some dishes for you personally!"

Ning Xueluo pulled a surprised face as she shook her head and said, "My dear Yan, what are you doing? Why would I be angry? It is one of the few nights that my sister can enjoy herself. I don’t want to compete with her or even fight with her for anything. I’m satisfied as long as I'm with you!"

Hearing what she said, Su Yan hugged her tight in his arms and his tone became even gentler "Xueluo, I know that you don’t like to fight with other people but tonight is your night. I won’t let anyone steal your spotlight. I think Xiao Xi won’t as well. We’ll just have her put up with this for once!"

Su Yan sighed secretly, thinking about some time before this that he neglected Ning Xueluo and put her through a lot because of Cui Caijing’s incident. This was the girl he promised to protect forever. For such an important night, he wanted to make her happy…

In the end, Ning Xueluo nodded obediently, glanced over to Ning Xi who was still tasting the dishes, and let out a cold laugh thinking that Ning Xi had no right to fight with her!

…

Tonight’s banquet was more lively than usual with crowds of journalists surrounding the hotel but the hotel had provisionally hired extra security and blocked off uninvited guests.

At the moment, Ning Xi was having a conversation with Mr. Danial, revolving around the topic of the sources of food and cooking methods. Mr. Danial was very kind and equipped with his years of expertise and experience, he patiently answered Ning Xi’s questions one by one.

"Thank you, Mr. Danial. You’re the best!" Ning Xi happily expressed her gratitude.

"If not for the fear of objection from my peers, I might have taken you in as my student!" Mr. Danial said laughingly. Clearly, he liked this newfound friend who was passionate about cooking as well. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

As Ning Xi was about to say something, a loud, cold "Hmph" spread across the hall.