Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 420: Let's Try The Seduction Move

"I'm just deep in thought about the tragedy of being…one level of seniority in the family below you…fine, fine! Hanging up now! Just watch, I'll bring you for a ride in the next round!" Jiang Muye said before hanging up.

Ning Xi was speechless.

It was a good thing that Jiang Muye really did return to normal after that, and with their excellent chemistry, they managed to win three rounds in a row with all sorts of traps planned out for the opponent. They played a very beautiful comeback game. The audience viewing the game increased, and they incidentally broke the record for highest number of live streamers.

"What a beauty!!! I thought the commercial was just lying! Who knew that a girl could play a game this well?"

"Don't judge a book by its cover!"

"This beauty is obviously an expert, okay? Look at her mouse and keyboard, that set is enough to make up for several months of my salary!"

…

When she read the comments, Ning Xi took a step back and subconsciously looked at the mouse and keyboard she was using.

The equipment's jet black appearance looked ordinary. Who knew it was so expensive?

It was a good thing that she had not accidentally spoiled it…

While she was still interacting with the audience, there were three knocks on the study room door before it was pushed open. Lu Tingxiao stood at the door with the script in his hands and raised his eyebrows to ask if it was over.

Ning Xi looked down and saw that she had achieved the gaming company's requested time, so she said goodbye to everyone and went offline.

"How was it? Smooth?" Lu Tingxiao asked.

"There was a slight issue at the start, but after that, it all went pretty smoothly! Just now one of the audience said that your mouse and keyboard set was really expensive. It's no wonder it was so nice to use!"

"That's good then."

"Are you done reading the script?" Ning Xi saw that he held the script and asked him anxiously.

"Mmm." Lu Tingxiao walked into the living room and sat on the sofa. There was seriousness written all over his face.

When she saw Lu Tingxiao's expression, Ning Xi suddenly became nervous, "Is there a problem with the script?"

"There's no problem with the topic…"

Ning Xi just breathed a sigh of relief when Lu Tingxiao continued, "But I wouldn't suggest for you to shoot this."

"Ah? Why?" Ning Xi was stunned.

Lu Tingxiao frowned and said, "There are too many dangerous scenes."

"Dangerous scenes? Which part?" Ning Xi tried to recall and remembered that the female lead had a passion for extreme sports.

"Are you talking about the scenes with the car racing, bungee jumping, fencing, water jet and all those sports? Actually, I'm quite used to all of that. Besides, when we're shooting those scenes, I'm sure I wouldn't really be doing the sports most of the time, so there wouldn't be too much danger!" Ning Xi tried hard to persuade him.

Unfortunately for her, it seemed that Lu Tingxiao had already set his mind to it. "Ning Xi, choose another script. If you didn't fancy any of the ones that Ling Zhizhi let you pick, I can prepare more for you."

Ning Xi's heart instantly dipped and her expression changed, "I don't want anything else. I like this one! It's that or nothing!"

Lu Tingxiao's brows closed in, "Be good."

Ning Xi felt wronged, "Lu Tingxiao, why can't you just trust me?"

"Ning Xi, it's not that I don't trust you. You're someone who I brought in, I have to be responsible for your life, and that is my bottom line." Lu Tingxiao left no room for any further debate.

Pfft! How was it so serious that it had reached the bottom line…

Could it be that this script was fated not to be her destiny?

Ning Xi could not believe that after busying about for the whole day, the day would end like this…

Actually, those scenes were really no problem for her, but it seemed like Lu Tingxiao insisted for her not to be involved in it.

What could she do…

When she thought about the script that sparked her passion so intensely, Ning Xi was unwilling to give up, no matter how hard she thought about it, and she decided to fight for it again.

Jeez, she was always seduced by the devil, now it was her turn!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com