Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 44: Flirting Skills Awaken

Only after Ning Xi calmed down did she realize she had cried in Lu Tingxiao’s arms for almost half an hour.

Damn it… what the hell…

Except when it had been necessary when acting, it had been five years since she last cried.

"Uh, I'm sorry I dirtied your clothes…" She was very embarrassed when she saw the mess she had made of his shirt with her tears.

Lu Tingxiao said with a hint of a smile, "It was an honor for my shirt."

Ning Xi was stunned, and her heart went crazy.

She had always thought that Lu Tingxiao was the kind of genius who had a high IQ but low EQ.

She could never have imagined that the Big Demon King could flirt so smoothly!

She was jealous! He was better at it than she was!

Lu Tingxiao reached out to smooth her hair in a natural gesture. "What will you do next? Look for a big thigh?"

Ning Xi blinked, not understanding. "Huh? Look for what thigh?"

"Last night, you said you were going to look for a big and thick thigh; you even rejected mine as not thick enough." Lu Tingxiao gave her a deep and meaningful look.

"Cough cough cough…" Ning Xi almost died choking on her own saliva.

Damn it, was there no end to the ridiculous things that had happened last night?

"Master Xiao, don't listen to my rubbish, I was very drunk last night. There’s no way your thighs aren’t thick enough, yours are the thickest in the capital!" Ning Xi said obsequiously, but then she realized her words might be a little ambiguous.

Her flattery put Lu Tingxiao in a good mood, and humor danced in his eyes. "Then why don’t you hug mine?"

"I, I, I…" Ning Xi stumbled over her words.

Lu Tingxiao rubbed her head and finally decided to stop teasing her. "Enough, I won’t tease you anymore. Get out of the car and go sleep inside the house. Then you will have more energy to face your problems. Or do you want to stay a little longer with your little darling?"

"No, no, let's go back to the house!" Ning Xi was naturally anxious to get out of the car.

When Lu Tingxiao got out of the car, he stood by the door and suddenly paused.

Ning Xi scratched her head. "What is it?"

Lu Tingxiao walked with long strides towards a patch of foliage.

Ning Xi followed curiously and then saw… Second Young Master Lu, sleeping sprawled in the underbrush with a camera in his arms. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

She knew that Glory World owned not just one management company, but also more than three hundred media outlets, and Second Young Master Lu was also the boss of the paparazzi.

But this guy was going a bit overboard, going so far as to collect gossip on his own brother…

Ning Xi’s lips twitched slightly. "This Second Young Master… should we wake him up? Won’t he catch a cold sleeping like this?"

Lu Tingxiao nodded, and then kicked him hard.

Lu Jingli woke up with an "Ouch!"

As soon as he was awake, he started to cry. "You’re too much, why are the windows of the car so impenetrable! No matter what I did, I couldn’t see anything inside!"

Lu Tingxiao looked down his nose at his ridiculous brother. "Come to my study later. I have something to discuss with you."

"Oh…" Lu Jingli rubbed his eyes and stood up, and then looked back and forth between them, muttering. "Why didn't the car shake? Did I miss it? No way! With my brother's stamina, it should have been rocking all night…"

Ning Xi: "Why do you know what your brother’s stamina is like and how long he can go for…?"

It's easy for people to misunderstand, okay?

Lu Jingli scratched his head. "Because he can beat me up all night!"

Ning Xi: "…"

Fine, you win!

After returning to the room Lu Tingxiao had arranged for her, she was completely speechless.

In just half a day and a night, he actually managed to get the guest room completely redecorated.

The original cool and minimalist style of the room had been replaced by warm tones. Not just that, there was a full range of clothes in the closet all in her size, from pajamas to casual wear to evening dresses with matching accessories and handbags, all of which were top limited editions…

This was… inhuman wealth…