Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 45: Repayment Method

"What’s wrong? Not satisfied?" Lu Tingxiao stood behind her.

Ning Xi facepalmed. "This is not a question of satisfaction…"

"Then what's the problem?"

"President Lu…"

"Use my name."

"Fine, Lu Tingxiao, don't you think you're being… a little too good to me?" He was being so good that it was easy for her to get the wrong idea.

"You finally realize I'm good to you." Lu Tingxiao looked on her as if she was a student worth teaching.

Ning Xi: "…"

Noticing her subdued mood, Lu Tingxiao’s eyes dimmed for a second, but he quickly recovered. "You saved Little Treasure, and he may need your help for a long time. Is there any problem, then, if I’m good to you?"

He paused, and then looked at her. "Otherwise, do you want me to repay you in other ways?"

It turned out that she had been thinking too much. Feeling that a weight had been taken off her mind, she hurriedly waved her hands. "No, no, it's fine like this… it’s quite alright…"

Forget it, I don’t need to be repaid in other ways.

She and Lu Tingxiao were from completely different worlds; if he ever knew about her sordid past, he might forbid her from seeing Little Treasure ever again.

"It's still early, have a rest. We’ll have breakfast downstairs later."

"Alright."

After Lu Tingxiao left, Ning Xi lay down on the comfortable large bed, but was unable to sleep.

How could a person sleep when waiting for bad news?

Even if the director and his team were satisfied with her, in the end, could they withstand the pressure from the investors?

I can't just sit around waiting for it to end.

She sat up and turned on her computer to log into MSN.

Loneliness Like Neverending Arrows In the Void: Are you online?

Evil Fairy King: Wow, is Superstar Ning actually free to look for sheetizens like me?

Loneliness Like Neverending Arrows In the Void: Do you have any money? Can you lend me eight million yuan?

Evil Fairy King: What happened?

Loneliness Like Neverending Arrows In the Void: Can you not ask me for the reason?

Evil Fairy King: I just invested in a winery, it may take me some time to get the money.

Loneliness Like Neverending Arrows In the Void: How long?

Evil Fairy King: Three days. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Loneliness Like Neverending Arrows In the Void: Thank you.

Evil Fairy King: Hehe, darling, this is the first time you’ve asked me for help.

Loneliness Like Neverending Arrows In the Void: When will you be back? I'll pick you up.

Evil Fairy King: Ning Xi, you’re heartless!

Seeing that Evil Fairy King had gone offline, Ning Xi felt suffocated in her heart.

Unless she was forced to, she didn't want to owe anyone any favors, especially an ex.

She knew that her doing this type of equivalent exchange had hurt his feelings, but she had no choice.

She had stopped having feelings long ago, and she didn’t want them ever again.

She didn’t want to borrow money from Lu Tingxiao because she had involved the Lu family enough already, and she really didn't want to become even more involved with them, especially when it came to money.

An hour later, she finally got the call she had been dreading.

It was Chang Li.

Ning Xi’s hand curled into a fist, and she took a deep breath. "Hello?"

"Don’t forget that filming starts at nine. Find your own way there, I have to look after Xueluo, so I have no time for you. But since you're so capable, you don't need me anyway!" Chang Li was sharp-tongued as ever, but today her tone was particularly biting, as if Ning Xi owed her a lot of money.

"What? Filming?" Ning was stunned.

"Are you still asleep? Hurry up, don't be late on the first day!" Chang Li said impatiently before hanging up.

Holding her phone, it took Ning Xi some time to come back to earth.

What was going on? Hadn’t she been replaced?

Ning Xi rolled out of bed and paced for a bit before finally calling the director. "Hello, Director Guo, sorry to bother you so early, but I have something to ask you!"

"Is this about Chairman Ning wanting you replaced?"

"Yes." Ning Xi immediately felt anxious; Ning Yaohua had really gone and done it.