Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 458: Everything Is Possible

Ling Zhizhi nodded, "Yes, this brand has a very small fan base; a lot of people are strangers to it. In reality, Noble is a two-decade old well-known perfume brand and has always been the favourite of royal families and popular stars. Until now, there have been more than 240 types of privately customized and publicly available perfume. It can be said that every fragrance of theirs is a legend.

Before this, Noble has never been broken the retail scene within China, so they're not very well known within the country. However, I received news that Noble is preparing to expand their market to China and that they are choosing a spokesperson within Hong Sing, Taizhou, and Su'ao, the entire inner country."

Ning Xi blinked, "Sisi Zhizhi, are you trying to sign me up?"

"I've already helped you sign up. I sent them a clip of you from 'The World'. I was just simply trying our luck, who would have known that I would receive their notice that you've been chosen for the preliminaries?!" Ling Zhizhi said.

When she heard Ling Zhizhi's answer, Ning Xi's eyes immediately shone, "What? I've been selected for the preliminaries? But wouldn't these kind of luxury brands usually look for currently popular artistes like Su Yimo to launch their expansion into China's market?"

"That's true, so the fact that you were chosen was a shock to me too. Su Yimo didn't join the auditions because she had already accepted Chanel's contract. Chanel's brand includes apparels, cosmetics, and perfume too, so there is no way she could take on Noble.

"However, without Su Yimo, there is still the elites from all the other entertainment companies all around the country. They are practically all A-list and super A-list stars, and the pressure is on for you. So, even though this is a rare opportunity, you don't have to be nervous. This has been a surprise, after all, if you could get the stint, that's awesome, but even if you don't, it's alright," Ling Zhizhi consoled.

Even though she had managed to get into the preliminaries, she did not have too much hope and she just wanted to let Ning Xi have more exposure.

For such a high-end brand, even if she only managed to enter the preliminaries, it was already considered good exposure for a small rookie like Ning Xi.

"Mmm, I know, Sis Zhizhi, I will remain neutral and just go for the experience!" Ning Xi humbly said.

In reality, she was beyond ambitious in her heart. Even if it was a situation that was not really on her side, anything was possible until the very last second!

"Right, Sis Zhizhi, I wonder what the theme for this perfume's endorsement is?" Ning Xi asked.

"Only one word: noble. You have three days to prepare. After three days, the final audition will take place in Los Angeles, Country M," answered Ling Zhizhi.

Ning Xi mumbled to herself, "Three days…it's enough, I will seriously think about how to express this theme over the next few days!"

As for Country M, she was very familiar with it, so there was no pressure at all.

"The theme for this time is noble. You'll definitely need a lot. If you need anything, I will try my best to apply for it from the company," Ling Zhizhi said.

"Okay, I'll let you know then. Thank you, Sis Zhizhi, I'll go back to prepare now." FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Three days later.

At Los Angeles airport in Country M. Ning Xi took off her sunglasses and looked at the strange yet familiar surroundings. She looked around and felt her smile broaden even more.

One year later, she had once again returned.

One year ago, she was still loitering around with no proper home. One year later, her dream had started to take off…

This time, even though Sis Zhizhi did not hold too much hope, she still personally accompanied her over.

Expectedly, the venue would be full of the big shots around the region and she was worried that Ning Xi would not be able to handle it.

"Ning Xi, do you really not need anything at all?" Ling Zhizhi asked again worriedly.

Ning Xi determinedly nodded, "I don't need anything. What I need are very simple things and I've prepared them myself!"