Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 60: Love You For Ten Thousand Years

It wasn’t that Ning Xi hadn’t noticed that Lu Tingxiao’s attitude towards her was unusual, but Lu Tingxiao always stopped at the right point. If she overreacted, it would unavoidably seem like she was assuming he had feelings that might not actually exist.

So as if she was hearing a normal question, Ning Xi gave a normal reply: "Male!"

Lu Tingxiao narrowed his eyes imperceptibly. "Are you coming back tonight?"

This question… hearing it sounded more and more like…

Ning Xi brought out her acting skills, and pretending this question wasn’t ambiguous at all, she said nonchalantly, "I’m not so sure about that, when the time comes, I’ll call you. I’m running late, I’m going upstairs first!"

Tonight, many unexpected things were bound to happen; what if she couldn't take it anymore, and wound up beating up Jiang Muye that guy the whole night?

Ning Xi quickly ran upstairs to grab a big black satchel before hugging Little Bun and kissing him goodbye at lightning speed.

Looking at the back of the girl as she swiftly ran off, Lu Tingxiao’s expression instantly changed, becoming like snow in August.

Apart from Ning Xi, Little Bun cared for nothing else, including his own dad. But looking at his father’s oppressively dark face just then, he bent his head and wrote something on a board. Then he reached out to poke him with his little finger.

Feeling the slight pressure on his arm, Lu Tingxiao looked down, then saw the question mark his son had drawn on the board.

"Are you asking me why I’m unhappy?" Lu Tingxiao lifted an eyebrow, paused to think, then said slowly, "If the day comes that your Auntie Xiao Xi becomes someone else’s, calls him darling and kisses him good morning, goodnight, and goodbye, has hotpot with someone else, and you are no one special to her, without even the right to ask how she is, would you be happy?"

Little Bun looked blank for a bit, before his expression instantly shattered, as if the world was ending. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

And so, a certain father finally found some equilibrium.

Little Treasure started sobbing, and grabbed his evil father’s cellphone to complain to Auntie Xiao Xi.

He sent Ning Xi a crying emoticon: (>﹏<.)～

Ning Xi, who was on her way to the airport, saw the text and thought that Little Bun was upset about not having hotpot, and she hurriedly gathered sweet words together to coax Little Bun: [Aiya, what’s the matter, darling, not happy? Don't be sad, if you’re sad then Auntie is sad too! Today Auntie really has something on, tomorrow night we’ll definitely go out for hotpot, okay? Muah muah! Love you for ten thousand years! I love darling’s smiles the most!]

Seeing her reply, Little Treasure’s tears instantly turned to smiles, and he proudly gave the phone back to his dad to take a look.

Lu Tingxiao saw the sweet words that Ning Xi texted, "…" and his heart was struck a blow…

Two hours later, at B City’s airport.

Even though Ning Xi had been prepared before arriving, she was still shocked by the scene.

"Ahhhhhh! Jiang Muye! Jiang Muye! Jiang Muye!"

"Hubby, look over here! Hubby, I love you! Hubby, I want to have babies with you!"

"Muye, Muye, you are the most handsome! I’ll support you forever!"

"Muye, Muye, you are the best! I’ll protect you forever!"

…

Most of them at the scene were young female fans; she even saw quite a number of auntie fans and some male fans. All of them were screaming their hearts out. All the airport security personnel had come out, but the situation was still out of control.

"My dear wives, quiet down, okay? Don't disturb other people! Shhh!"

In the crowd, a sexy voice made itself known. The fans went dead silent for one second, before they broke out into wild screams that almost broke the roof. Far from quieting down, the scene became even more explosive.

Ning Xi hid behind a pillar some distance away to watch, her head covered in black lines.

This man really still held a grudge, he really wanted to get her killed!

If she went out now to meet him, could she live through the night?

Luckily she had come prepared…