Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 61: Good Grandson

Ning Xi ran in a smoking trail to the restroom behind her. Entering a cubicle, she opened that big, black satchel and pulled out some tools, then started to apply her makeup.

When Ning Xi emerged from the restroom, she was already an old granny with a head full of gray hair.

Her phone beeped.

Ning Xi took it out to take a look; as she had expected, it was from Jiang Muye.

Evil Fairy King: Ning Xiao Xi! I give you five minutes to show up in front of me, or I will instantly expose our relationship to the public!

F***!

Ning Xi checked her makeup one last time, and hurriedly ran to where the crowd was the thickest.

Ning Xi looked helpless and anxious. "Cough cough, let me through, let me through… cough cough, kind-hearted young girls, can you allow this old granny to look at Ah Ye?"

"Ah! Guys, don't push! There’s an old granny here!"

"Eh, granny, why do you want to see our Muye? Are you his fan, too?"

"Holy moly! Our Muye really gets them all, the young and the old! He even has a granny fan! Guys, let the granny through!"

"How old are you, granny?"

…

Ning Xi bent and thumped her back, thanking them repeatedly. "Young girls, thank you, I thank all of you. I’m eighty years old, and I, I especially like this young man, because, because he looks so much like my own grandson! My grandson is working in a really far-off place, and I only see him a few times a year…" Saying this, she started to wipe her tears.

"Muye! Muye! There’s a granny fan of yours here! Come and see her!"

"Yes, please see her! Poor granny…"

With warm help from all the fans, Ning Xi quickly and smoothly squeezed her way inside.

In the center of the crowd, Jiang Muye ran fingers through his wild blond hair, and took off his sunglasses. A faint trace of suspicion flashed across his handsome face. "Granny fan?"

"Yes, yes! She’s already eighty years old! She came especially to see you at the airport in such hot weather! She said she really likes you&nbsp;because you look like her grandson, who’s working overseas!"

Once the fans stopped speaking, Jiang Muye followed the path that the crowd had made for him, and saw an old granny with a wrinkled face, wearing dusty, rough clothes, and leaning on a walking stick…

Jiang Muye’s expression instantly became twisted. "Fuuu…"

He had enough sense left to swallow the rest of that f-word, and stared hard at that "granny" with an expression of wanting to strangle her.

Of course, all this happened within a short second, and the fans didn't notice anything unusual.

"Ah… grandson… my good grandson… granny missed you so much…" Ning Xi flew at Jiang Muye like an arrow, messing up his blond hair with her hands and crying so broken-heartedly…

The young girls around them all started weeping when they saw this heartwarming scene, and there was a wave of shutter clicks from the media cameras.

"Ning Xiao Xi! Just you wait ‘til tonight!" Jiang Muye gritted his teeth and said angrily in a low voice next to her ear. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Ah, grandson, grandson! Why do you look so skinny! Granny’s heart aches!" Ning Xi was fully into her character, and Jiang Muye’s hair,, which he valued the most, had already turned into a chicken nest.

Seeing that Jiang Muye was about to explode, his manager Lei Ming hurried over to save the situation. "Cough, make way, this granny’s very emotional, and her body is quite weak, we’ll help send her home!"

Jiang Muye maintained his gentle, caring expression, but he secretly pinched a certain someone's hand hard as they swiftly left the airport .