Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 609: Marry Me

The light was too glaring for Ning Xi to see the content of the boxes. She could only guess that there was some sort of weapon inside.

After closely examining the contents, Tang Ye took the small box and retrieved something from the larger box, then walked towards her.

Although Ning Xi was not good at combat, she was an expert in escaping and she was already freeing herself as Tang Ye walked towards her.

As she was about to break free, she suddenly froze.

That was when she saw them. Neither a gun nor a knife. Not even any kind of weapon either…

It was the largest bouquet of red roses she had ever seen…

The roses still had water dew on them, as if they were freshly picked and put together, creating a perfectly round bunch of velvety red flowers.

Ning Xi blinked and blinked again. She thought her eyes were playing tricks on her.

Was this his latest weapon?

The Master had said before that at the pinnacle, one would not require a weapon anymore. Even if it was just a branch, a leaf, or even a single petal, you could still use it to maim and kill.

Within just a year, First Brother Senior was already at this level? Amazing!

"First…First Senior Brother…when did your assassination skills get this good?" Ning Xi asked in despair, giving up on her plan to resist.

Everything was futile in front of the true wielders of strength. All that was left waiting for her was death.

Tang Ye started advancing nearer to her. He lowered himself and knelt down on one knee. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Ning Xi felt awkward as she saw Tang Ye kneel down on one knee with a bouquet of roses in his hands. She did not know how to react.

Question marks were written all over her face. "First Senior Brother, is this your…new stance? That’s quite…refreshing! First Senior Brother, let’s calm down and talk. What do I need to do to have you spare my life? Master, Second Senior Brother, and Third Senior Sister cared about me so much, they would never forgive you…"

Ning Xi had no idea what she was talking about as she rattled on, trying to drag out what she thought were the last few minutes of her life.

Tang Ye glanced at her and then opened the small box in the midst of her blabbering.

A huge diamond ring was in the box, shimmering in all its glory from the reflection of the strong back light.

Ning Xi shut her eyes to shield them from the intense glare. She felt her heartbeat pick up even faster as she questioned, "Wow! Is this some sort of new weapon?"

"Marry me."

Ning Xi was speechless.

Everything, including the air, stopped moving.

She swore that even her heart stopped beating that moment as her mind went blank.

But she was not alone.

Lu Tingxiao had already pressed the button, then he saw the man kneel in front of her and he clearly lip-read what the man had said: "Marry me."

Both Lu Tingxiao and Lu Jingli were shocked and speechless.

Lu Jingli said with a stoic face, "I feellike my knowledge and experience is being remodeled everyday ever since I met Sister-in-law…how exciting…"

"Boss, your orders please! Boss! Boss?" Anxious voices called through the communication device.

The Boss was not sure what just happened as well. There was no reply…

…