Chapter 67: Kiss In The Moonlight

Lu residence.

After returning to her room and changing into her pajamas, Ning Xi ran with lightning speed to look for Little Bun.

"Little Treasure, Auntie’s a little afraid of the dark tonight, can I sleep with you?"

Little Bun was of course very happy, and gladly gave up a huge space on his bed to her.

"Thank you darling~ good night darling~"

Auntie’s lucky charm, I’m trusting you to keep me safe tonight… Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Everything that had happened today had been too exciting, her heart was still beating fast.

She could sense that after today, the hazy barrier between herself and Lu Tingxiao was already so fragile that it would break with a single touch…

If it broke, she really wouldn’t know how to deal with the situation…

Luckily, Little Bun in her arms was a great sleeping aid; she huffed for around half an hour before gradually falling asleep…

Ning Xi had Little Bun to help her sleep peacefully, but one particular person couldn’t sleep; in the middle of the night, the study was full of smoke so thick they were like clouds.

Heh, no wonder Cheng Feng couldn’t find out who the two people that sent presents to Ning Xi that day on set were, even after investigating for so many days. It turned out one of them was a "hidden traitor".

Evil Fairy King…

Only now did he recall; they had a family group chat, and this kid Jiang Muye used this weird nickname in the group. It was just that he hadn’t made the association before.

As for the man with the initials YS, he still didn’t have the slightest clue…

In the dark, he stubbed out his cigarette, stood up, and walked out.

He gently pushed the door of the guestroom open, but there was no one inside.

Lu Tingxiao lifted one eyebrow, and turned to go to the next room.

As expected, Ning Xi was sound asleep, holding Little Treasure.

Smart girl.

But did she really think things were fine like this?

Lu Tingxiao walked towards the small bed and gently removed Little Treasure’s little hand where it was clutching Ning Xi’s clothes. Using a plush doll as a replacement, he then picked Ning Xi up and left.

Little Treasure knitted his little eyebrows together as he dreamt, reached out little hands as if searching for something, then hugged the doll to him.

After tricking his own son, Lu Tingxiao took Ning Xi to the master bedroom.

He gently laid her on the bed, then sat on the edge. With a slightly rough hand, he gently stroked the girl’s hair, her eyes, her cheeks…

He was like a wild beast about to eat; he was patient as he savored this moment before feeding.

Finally, he sighed and covered those soft lips with his own, pushing deeper and twining their tongues together. She tasted as sweet as he had imagined.

Then he moved to her cheeks, her ears, and slipped down to her neck, before he stopped at her collarbone…

In the past 32 years, he had never been in love, and didn't think love was anything meaningful. For him, love was probably the most useless thing; was there anything wrong with living without lust or love?

He never thought that one day, love would so utterly engulf him, and that this girl 8 years younger than him would turn him into someone completely unfamiliar.

For him, life was no longer about cold plans and data, but was soft, hopeful, warm, sweet, complete…

But at the same time, it was accompanied by a quick temper, violence, impulsiveness, desire…

Thinking of seeing her at Jiang Muye’s place earlier, the violence in his heart leapt out of its shackles, and he unconsciously used more strength. In the next second, the taste of blood bloomed between their&nbsp;entwined mouths…

The girl under him creased her eyebrows, and Lu Tingxiao froze. He watched as she licked her lips for a bit before falling back to sleep. She was completely heartless…

Lu Tingxiao gently touched her lush, red lips with one finger, flaming desire in his eyes. Impulsively, he wanted to ignore the consequences and just kiss her awake…