Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 686: I'm Not Going To Eat You!

Moments later, there was a knock on the door.

Ning Xi rushed over to open it.

Lu Tingxiao stood still at the door and Ning Xi smiled a little before pulling him in. "I'm not going to eat you!"

Lu Tingxiao looked slightly helpless. Of course, he was not afraid of her, but of himself.

"What are you doing?"

When he saw that she was still not asleep so late at night and that she had her laptop on the bed, Lu Tingxiao frowned.

Ning Xi scratched her head, then sat on the bedside and picked up the laptop again. "There's a slight problem, but nothing too serious."

Lu Tingxiao's expression changed to one of concern as he walked over.

He skimmed through the posts and could already roughly understand the situation. In the next second, he pulled out his handphone.

Ning Xi noticed it in time and quickly stopped him. "What are you doing?"

"Calling Hu Hongda."

Ning Xi's mouth twitched. "You don't have to use your butcher's knife to kill a chicken! No, wait, you're using a dragon slayer blade! Sis Zhizhi is already prepared to go over Hongda's company first thing tomorrow morning!"

After Ning Xi said that, she thought to herself that there were some things she needed to discuss with Lu Tingxiao.

"Lu Tingxiao, let's have a chat!" Ning Xi looked at him seriously.

Lu Tingxiao felt his spine go rigid. "Okay."

Ning Xi was not sure why Lu Tingxiao reacted the way he did. Why was he so nervous? He looked like she was about ditch him after using him.

Ning Xi chose her words carefully before she said, "Hey, you know that Sis Zhizhi has already set three big rules for me right from the start. I'm not allowed to start dating now, but in the end, I actually defied her…"

Ning Xi released a long sigh and touched Lu Tingxiao's handsome face. "My beauty, for you, I am giving it my all!"

Lu Tingxiao held her little hand and started to laugh. "So, what are you trying to say?"

Ning Xi blurted out what she found difficult to say, "So, this thing between the both of us has to be a secret!"

"That's it?"

"That's it. What did you think I was about to say?"

Ning Xi knew that this was not too fair to Lu Tingxiao, so she coaxed, "I know this will not be very nice to you, but my occupation is at stake. I really have no choice!"

"Don't worry, I'll cooperate and I won't interfere with your work."

Ning Xi's eyes shone with gratitude, "Oh, Boss, that's really sweet of you…"

Before she could finish, Lu Tingxiao added on, "But I have a request too."

"Just say it. I'll try as long as I can do it!" Ning Xi said quickly.

"If you have something you can't resolve, even if you disagree with my solution, I will still interfere. I am your boss but I am also your man. I won't sit back and watch my woman be bullied."

Lu Tingxiao's gaze sharpened even more. "Maybe you have your special ways of resolving problems but from now onwards, I won't allow you to use such methods anymore. There are certain rules in this world, understand?" L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Ning Xi got it. Lu Tingxiao was probably referring to the last time she had used a gun to force the props master to confess.

She had been too impulsive the last time. If Lu Tingxiao had not cleaned up the mess she had made and if word of her using a gun to threaten the props master had gone public, the consequences would be unimaginable…

When she had returned to China back then, she had sworn that she would move away from her past.

She had only used that gun once ever since.

Actually, when a person lived too long in a world that resorted to violence to resolve problems, adapting to the normal world would be a challenge. Lu Tingxiao was right. There were rules in this world.

Ning Xi immediately said obediently, "Understood, Boss! When I'm in need, I'll just rely on you!"