Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 74: Like His Body Had Been Hollowed Out

Both actors were well-matched and delivered great performances, especially Ning Xi, who was able to bring everyone into the story so completely that it swept away all their biases against her.

At the beginning, nobody wanted Ning Xi to lay her hands on their idol, but now that had changed to them avidly hoping she would hurry up and do it. Seeing her do it was as exciting as if they were the ones doing it themselves.

Of course, once everyone regained their senses, they were still envious of Ning Xi. They surrounded Jiang Muye to ask after his well-being and to praise his acting as amazing.

Today, apart from Jia Qingqing, the person who was probably the most gloomy was Zhao Sizhou.

Initially, he had the highest position with the crew, and was the most popular among the girls, but now with Jiang Muye’s arrival, all the attention had been drawn away, instantly leaving him cold.

Of course, the happiest person was the director.

Today, the scenes between Ning Xi and Jiang Muye all went smoothly. The two of them played off each other so well it was as if they had rehearsed the scenes a hundred times before.

But today for Ning Xi could be summed up in two phrases: surge forth, life after calamity.

As soon as work wrapped up, Jiang Muye was surrounded by people who wanted to treat him to dinner to welcome him. Ning Xi was gathering her things when in her bag, her cellphone rang.

On the screen, she saw: Lu Jingli.

Lu Jingli had forced her to save his number into her phone a few days ago.

Why was this person calling?

Suspicious, Ning Xi quickly found a corner to answer the call in.

"Hello, Second Young Master?"

"Hello… Xiao… Xi… Xi…"

On the other end of the line, Lu Jingli sounded weak, like his whole body had been hollowed out…

Ning Xi was a little speechless. "What happened?"

"What happened… I’m the one who wants to ask you what happened! What did you do to my brother last night?"Lu Jingli blew up as he interrogated her.

Ning Xi was confused. "Huh? What are you talking about? What could I possibly do to him?"

"If you didn't do anything, then why is he in such a bad temper today? We’ve been in a meeting since 8 o’clock this morning until now, it’s already been 12 freaking hours!"

"Eh… this is your company’s issue, it shouldn’t have anything to do with me, right? Maybe it’s because he's been on leave for too long, so there are a lot more things he needs to deal with?"

"Not possible, I’ve known my brother for so long, I can tell what he's thinking about with just one look, and this definitely has something to do with you! You are the one who did this to us! Right now he's about to torture every single person in the company to death!" Lu Jingli was sure it was Ning Xi’s fault.

Ning Xi really felt wrongfully accused, and said helplessly, "I really didn't do anything!"

The only possible reason from last night was that she had picked Jiang Muye up from the airport and then had taken a shower at his place, where she had bumped into Lu Tingxiao…

Was this really the reason?

But didn’t he act as usual after that?

"I don’t care, I don’t care! It was definitely you! You did this, you have to fix him! Otherwise, when we die and become ghosts, we won’t let you go! Just now, the head of our finance department already passed out from the torture, his spirit is definitely looking for you now…"

Ning Xi: "…"

What the hell was going on? She simply got shot even when she was lying down…

What was she supposed to do now?

How could she save them?

Was this some kind of joke on her? Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

While Ning Xi was busy worrying, she received a MMS.

Lu Jingli had sent her two images.

One was of an unconscious man being taken away in an ambulance. The other one was of a meeting room — everyone who was sitting around the table had terrified expressions, as if they were going to be beheaded. Big Demon King Luwas in the main seat,looking like Yama about to pass judgment on them.

Ning Xi could feel the ominous, icy air even through the photo…

‘To get shot even when lying down’ is to be unfairly accused or involved in something just by being present.

Yama is King of Hell.