Chapter 79: Adorable Bunny Ears

After work wrapped up, Jia Qingqing finally found an opportunity to make a move. The best thing was that Ning Xi wasn’t around, so she approached Jiang Muye with a shy expression. "Brother Muye, where shall we go eat? How about we go to Rivers Hotel for seafood? My father is a member there, we can use the VIP room!" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Jiang Muye stretched dispiritedly "Forget it, I’m not going, I’m too tired today!"

Hearing this, Jia Qingqing was worried. "Ah? But it’s your first day on set, we should celebrate with a meal no matter what!"

Jiang Muye's face darkened slightly. "Who makes the rule we must have the welcome meal on the first day? If you want to eat it so much, just go yourself!"

In fact, everyone knew that in private, Jiang Muye didn’t really have a good temper.

If he was in a good mood, then he would be very good-natured. If he was in a bad mood, then…

This brat was obviously in a bad mood right now.

Shocked by his outburst, Jia Qingqing’s eyes instantly turned red. "I just thought it was the polite thing to do. Brother Muye, how can you say that…"

Who the f*** is your Brother Muye?

Jiang Muye was annoyed and about to explode. Guo Qisheng next to him saw that the situation was starting to deteriorate, and quickly intervened. "Maybe some other day. Muye is really too tired today. I should have let him rest and familiarize himself with the environment on the first day, who knew we would end up shooting so many scenes. Everybody go back early today and rest, we’re not in a hurry to have the dinner party!"

"Alright…" Given an out, Jia Qingqing reluctantly nodded, and at the same time hated Ning Xi even more in her heart. It was Ning Xi’s fault for occupying Brother Muye all day and making him so tired that he didn't even want to eat!

Jia Qingqing bowed her head and secretly flipped through a few photos in her phone, before she smiled viciously.

You just wait and see, Ning Xi! I’ll make you pay!

…

Lu residence.

"I'm back, darling!" Once Ning Xi was home, all of the day’s exhaustion was completely swept away.

Hearing her voice, Little Treasure deng deng deng ran to meet her, a glass of cold fruit juice in one hand.

"Darling, you’re too sweet! Love you!" Ning Xi took the glass and drained it in one go. Then she said happily, "Come here, Auntie’s going to get you changed into a cute outfit, we’re going out to eat hotpot later!"

The little bun, who before would run to the attic upon hearing he would be going out, obediently allowed Ning Xi to take him upstairs.

In the bedroom, he then allowed her to dress him up in one outfit after another.

"This one’s too plain, this one’s too dull, this one’s too unimaginative… my god! Who bought these clothes for you? What kind of taste is this! No need to ask, it was definitely your father! Did he forget you’re only five, not thirty-five?"

While Ning Xi mocked Lu Tingxiao, she continued rummaging around, and at the bottom of the cabinet, she finally found a satisfying outfit. "Wow! This one is cute!"

It was a little white short-sleeved shirt with a hood that had two long bunny ears coming out of it, with a matching pair of dungarees that had a big pocket in the front like Doraemon.

"Looking at this style, it was definitely your second uncle who bought you this one! At least he’s somewhat reliable in this, little kids should wear cute and bright clothes!" Satisfied, Ning Xi nodded, then asked, "How is it, darling? Do you like this one? If not, Auntie can look for another one for you!"

Ning Xi didn’t forget to ask Little Treasure for his opinion even though Little Treasure always agreed with her.

Sure enough, Little Bun nodded without hesitation.

So Ning Xi happily helped Little Bun put on his clothes.