Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 80: Throw A Card Without Saying Anything

After helping Little Bun change his clothes, Ning Xi also went into her room to get changed.

Very coincidentally, she had an outfit that was very similar to Little Treasure’s. She immediately dug it out to wear, pairing her shirt with a pair of denim overalls.

When she came out after changing, Little Bun’s eyes lit up as soon as he saw her.

He looked at her, then looked at himself. His face was full of joy and satisfaction, even reaching out to touch the rabbit ears on her hood. He was clearly very happy to be wearing the same clothes as Auntie Xiao Xi. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

When both of them were ready, the sound of a car’s engine could be heard at the entrance.

Lu Tingxiao was back.

The temperature outside was as high as 30oC, but it was as if Lu Tingxiao had returned from a land of glaciers and snow as he strode into the living room on long, slender legs and with a haughty demeanor.

When his eyes fell on Ning Xi and Little Treasure on the sofa in similar clothes, as if they were wearing mother and son matching outfits, his whole body was like a glacier thawing, starting with his cold eyes…

Little Treasure’s outfit was naturally very cute. As for Ning Xi, the cute rabbit ears and overalls made her look even younger; sitting side by side, she and Little Treasure looked more like siblings.

Seeing that Lu Tingxiao had returned, Ning Xi immediately pulled Little Treasure up off the sofa. "We’re both ready, can we go?"

Lu Tingxiao nodded, his eyes on the girl for several seconds before he looked away. "Let's go."

In the car, Ning Xi asked excitedly, "Hey, Lu Tingxiao, don't you think Little Treasure’s outfit is cute? I had to look for a long time before I found it."

"Cute." Lu Tingxiao replied, but he was looking at the girl in the rearview mirror.

Ning Xi was content. "Told you so! From now on, you should buy more cute outfits for Little Treasure!"

"Mm." Lu Tingxiao replied, then took a black card out and handed it to her.

"What… what’s this?" Ning Xi blinked, unable to comprehend that she was looking at the legendary Infinite Black credit card, which she had only ever seen online.

Lu Tingxiao: "Buy."

Ning Xi: "Uh…"

This wasn’t what she meant, okay?

Without saying anything, you just crush me with money?

Whatever, since I already have it, I’m going to buy some more better-looking clothes for Little Treasure later!

At their destination.

Lu Tingxiao got out of the car first, then like a gentleman, opened the car door for them. He looked at Ning Xi and asked, "Are you fine with it?"

After spending enough time with him, Ning Xi had gradually gotten used to Lu Tingxiao’s brief manner of speaking, and knew he was asking her if she had any problems appearing in public.

Ning Xi scratched her head. "Should be fine! Not many people recognize me now, and anyway, I'm also dressed like this!"

Saying that, she took out a pair of amber round glasses without any lenses in it. "It should be okay with this!"

"Fine." Lu Tingxiao nodded.

The three of them walked to the hot pot restaurant.

Ning Xi had guessed right; truly, no one recognized her.

However, she had forgotten about Little Bun and Lu Tingxiao.

The father and son pair were simply too eye-catching, especially when they were together; they attracted everyone’s attention.

In fact, Ning Xi was also very eye-catching today, because she was wearing matching parent and child clothes with Little Bun.

"Ah! Look at that father and son, too good-looking! The adult is handsome and the kid adorable!"

"The sister beside them is also very beautiful! The whole family is good-looking! Is dad taking the siblings out? Where’s mum?"

On hearing this, Lu Tingxiao's face darkened visibly.

Luckily just then, the man next to the woman said, "What dad and his kids! It’s a family of three, okay? That girl is obviously the man's wife and the little boy's mother!"

"No way! That girl looks very young!"

"What do you know, it’s a married couple with an older man and a younger woman. The way that man looks at the girl is different, alright? Obviously it’s the expression of a man looking at his wife!"

…