Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 797: I Did Give Birth To Her

"Grandfather, stop saying that, you'll be fine!"

"Sigh, you don't have to console me, I know my body myself…I thought that I could hold on for another few years and wait…at least, wait till all of you have started a family and have stable careers…"

"Grandfather, say no more! Quickly rest!" Ning Xu urged.

As long as there was a glimmer of hope, he could still wait, but her grandfather obviously knew that even if he waited longer, there would be no hope. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He did not dare hand the business over to the second son's family, but for the daughter to his first son, she was so determined and career-minded that there was no way she would return to the Ning family and join the company. Because of the nature of her work, any ideas of marriage and bearing children were uncertain too…

A person lived for a stretch of breath. Once this stretch had ended, the body would inevitably wither down…

Ning Xi looked unusually serious when she left the ward.

"What did your grandfather say to you?" Ning Yaohua immediately asked when he saw her walk out.

"Nothing much," Ning Xi casually said and immediately walked past everyone to leave.

Ning Yaohua was so angry that he shouted from behind, "What's with her attitude?!"

Seeing as how the family inheritance and company was going to fall with the elder, Ning Yaobang started to be anxious. He lowered his voice and pulled Ning Tianxin aside. "Tianxin! Look at Ning Xi, she's rarely home in a year, yet the elder was still concerned about her. You're still the elder's granddaughter after all. Can you help me? If you don't fight for it, you'll be left with nothing!"

Ning Tianxin shot him a cold look. "I can't wait for you to end up with nothing, then I would like to see whether those women outside would still be loyal to you then!"

"You…"

"No matter how Uncle was like, at least he never cheated with other women, but you…are you still considered a man?"

"What do you know? Do you know what Zhuang Lingyu's real identity is? He wishes he could do it, but he wouldn't dare! He wouldn't dare even if I lent him a hundred guts!"

…

At the Ning family's bungalow.

When they reached home, Ning Yaohua said heavily, "Lingyu, I have something to discuss with you."

"What is it? Is it about that girl?" Zhuang Lingyu frowned.

Ning Yaohua nodded, then hesitated. "How about…we go advise Xiao Xi, have her come home? The elder will definitely include a part of the shares for her. If she were to be roped in by some other person, it would inevitably affect me…besides, Xueluo is still not our biological child and I would still need to continue the bloodline somehow…"

Zhuang Lingyu's expression instantly changed at the sound of this. "What are you trying to say? Xueluo single-mindedly treated us like her own biological parents! Are your words fair to her? Is the bloodline so important? I'm telling you, bloodline means nothing to me. In my heart, Xueluo is my only daughter!

"Have you forgotten all the embarrassing things that girl did? Don't drag me along if you want to get stepped on! If she causes any problems in the future, it will have nothing to do with me!"

Ning Yaohua consoled helplessly, "Okay, okay, I was just casually mentioning it because I was out of ideas. Why do you have to be so agitated for? Besides, I'm just letting her return as an adopted daughter, I didn't say anything about announcing her identity…"

"Don't try to hit on the shares the elder gives her. I don't care about that petty sum either. You can just buy it over; the money would be enough for her to use the rest of her life. Even though I didn't raise her, I did give birth to her but I don't owe her anything. I've been considerably kind to her."