Chapter 81: The Little Deer Is Dizzy

When Ning Xi heard their words, her heart immediately started pounding.

Big brother, take it easy, how can you possibly tell the way Lu Tingxiao looks at me is different?

Moreover as if he’s looking at his wife…?

"Cough cough, that big brother probably has bad eyesight!" Ning Xi said to Lu Tingxiao.

As soon as Ning Xi said the words, the woman nodded in agreement. "You’re right, it’s true! Look carefully at the little boy, he looks a lot like his dad, but his eyes are actually very similar to his mom’s, especially when he smiles…"

Ning Xi was about to collapse. "Ahem, that big sister may also have bad eyesight…"

How could Little Bun look like her? She wasn’t Little Bun's mother!

Lu Tingxiao looked at the girl’s eyes calmly. In fact, they did look a bit alike.

He had already noticed before, when Little Treasure laughed, his features and his air was like Ning Xi’s.

If it was a coincidence, it was really a happy fate…

This little episode passed quickly.

After sitting down, Ning Xi sighed comfortably. "Ah! Having hotpot with air conditioning on in summer is the best! Little Treasure darling, I swear you'll love this feeling!"

It was the first time in two years that Little Bun was eating outside. He was a little curious about everything, looking here and there, but he needed to hold hands with Ning Xi the whole time to feel calm.

Ning Xi flipped through the menu, and asked Lu Tingxiao for his opinion. "You can't eat spicy food, so how about we order a mandarin duck pot?" UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"You decide." Lu Tingxiao nodded, took off his coat, and casually rested one arm on the back of his chair.

It was a normal gesture, but the way he did it oozed so much masculinity that the little deer suddenly started jumping around madly.

For some reason, it seemed this was happening more and more lately. The little deer was getting dizzy from jumping around so much!

Was Lu Tingxiao doing it on purpose or not?

The pot and food they ordered was quick to arrive, and Ning Xi pushed everything to the back of her mind in favor of immediately satisfying her appetite.

Big Demon King Lu ate the hot pot in a very meticulous way. He calculated everything very exactly: which dish came first, which came later, how long each one should be left in the pot. He served her and Little Bun regularly throughout the meal, and was even more professional than when they ate at her place the last time.

Ning Xi had never eaten hotpot so comfortably before, since it was enough for her to just be able to eat. Every dish was cooked right, unlike hers, which always inadvertently ended up cooked too little or too much.

In the middle of eating, Lu Tingxiao suddenly asked, "Are Muye and you in the same movie?"

Ning Xi was taken aback a bit before she responded. Jiang Muye was the hot idol fawned over by Glory World, and also Lu Tingxiao’s nephew, so it was not surprising that Lu Tingxiao would know about his recent situation. She nodded. "Yes, he joined the crew today. Actually, I also only just found out today, and I was surprised to see him…"

Lu Tingxiao gave her a fishball, and asked casually, "Do the two of you have a good relationship?"

Ning Xi scratched her head and felt that there was nothing to hide, so she answered directly, "This… my relationship with him is a bit difficult to explain. We dated for a short while, but it’s been a long time since we split up. Now, we’re friends! But I reckon that’s going to end soon. This guy, since coming back, has caused me to get a lot of hate, he’s about to get me killed…"

"If he bullies you, let me know," said Lu Tingxiao.

Ning Xi laughed. "Haha, he won't. I’m the one who bullies him in our scenes. As for outside filming, hmph, if he dares bully me, I’ll just become his auntie, and use my status all the time to suppress him!"

As soon as she said the words, Ning Xi and Lu Tingxiao were both stunned.

Ning Xi hated that she couldn’t smash her head against the ground: Why. Couldn’t. She. Control. This. Loose. Flirty. Mouth!

A ‘mandarin duck pot’ is a hot pot that has been divided into two compartments, usually one for a spicy soup base and one for a mild soup base.