Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 82: Are You Very Eager To Leave?

Ning Xi desperately gave him some dishes. "Hehe, I… I'm just kidding… don’t mind me!"

Lu Tingxiao did not look the slightest bit angry, and in fact looked like he was in a good mood. He smiled lightly. "Good idea."

Ning Xi was stunned silly: "…" He actually thought it was a good idea?!

"Ning Xi." Lu Tingxiao looked at her suddenly with a serious expression.

Being the focus of those deep eyes made Ning Xi nervous: "What… what is it?"

"If you change your mind, come and find me anytime," said Lu Tingxiao.

When Ning Xi heard this, her heart thumped. She knew he meant the issue of "marrying him"…

Even though he hadn’t brought it up again after her clear rejection last time, she could feel that his attitude towards her had been different all along. She could also feel the atmosphere between them growing more and more ambiguous…

The worst was her heart, which was starting to thump out of her control…

Was what Jiang Muye said actually true, that her head had been turned by Lu Tingxiao’s beauty? Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

After what she had experienced five years ago, she thought she would never fall in love again. There was even a long period of time when she had had a huge psychological problem. She extremely hated and was completely repulsed by men; especially when she saw bastards, she couldn't suppress the evil spirits that burned inside her, and she was obsessed with annihilating them, like meting out divine justice…

Her frame of mind had calmed down a lot in recent years, but she still rejected men in general, what more finding someone to marry. That was simply too impossible for her.

But this man in front of her, who always had on a poker face, and had a frightening aura that often scared her… somehow he had cracked the thick shell surrounding her heart…

After the hot pot, Little Treasure was tired, and fell asleep in the car on the way back home. He was so small and soft in her embrace that Ning Xi didn’t want to let go of him.

Oh, it was terrible! Big Bun had already made her so confused, and Little Bun…

She realized that the more she spent time with Little Bun, the more she liked him, to the point that if she didn't see him for even just one day, she would miss him. If she didn't hug him today, it would feel like she was missing something.

This was not a good sign…

When they got home, Ning Xi carefully carried the little guy into his bedroom.

Lu Tingxiao leaned against the doorframe, and looked at with a gentle expression. "We’ve troubled you these few days."

Ning Xi tucked Little Treasure in, and then came out after closing the door. "It's nothing, I also like Little Treasure very much."

After hesitating for a moment, she said with a relieved smile, "Little Treasure is getting better and better, so it looks like soon, I won’t need to live here anymore!"

Lu Tingxiao's face suddenly turned black. "Are you very eager to leave?"

Ning Xi step back under his fierce gaze. "This… the plan had always been that I would leave after Little Treasure recovers, I would also be a bother if I stayed for so long!"

Lu Tingxiao: "You’re not."

Ning Xi had no choice, she could only raise her head and look him straight in the eye. "But I would feel troubled."

Lu Tingxiao frowned. "Troubled?"

"Yes." Ning Xi took a deep breath and spoke. "To be honest, I'm not a very disciplined person. If I stay here, I have to always mind my behavior…"

Lu Tingxiao: "You don’t have to."

Ning Xi facepalmed, and said with resignation, "Okay, even if you don't mind, I also need a private life. Occasionally, I’ll have friends over. I’ll also need to relax after work sometimes, and ride my bike, or hit the bars and nightclubs. If I meet a good-looking guy, it's unavoidable that I'll bring him back for the night…"

"Enough!" Lu Tingxiao's face had become uglier the more he listened, until he couldn’t bear it anymore, and finally interrupted her.