Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 86: Let The Storm Rage Even Harder

Ning Xi had been slandered, and pretty nastily.

Yesterday at midnight, a popular gossip blogger had put up a long Weibo post titled "How calculative b*tch Ning Xi climbed her way to the top, have never seen someone more shameless".

The general content was that she had slept with directors all over in order to get roles, had hooked up with rich, old men and tricked them into giving her gifts, and had deliberately taken advantage of Jiang Muye while they were shooting…

The Weibo post even said that she always left her room door open during filming, so that anyone who wanted to sleep with her could go right in and do so. It completely made her sound like a loose and totally unprincipled whore…

As a result, Jiang Muye’s fans had exploded, and were staging a group protest against their idol being paired up with a woman like that. They were putting intense pressure on the production team to switch out the second female lead.

Comments under Ning Xi’s latest post were simply unbearable; they were all abusive words, with everyone saying that "Ning Xi should leave the entertainment industry"…

"See it clearly now? You better release a public apology immediately to save the company's image!" Chang Li ordered her angrily.

Ning Xi laughed coldly. "Public apology?"

When an artiste encountered this sort of problem, the agency would usually arrange for a specialized public relations team to minimize the artiste’s involvement and reduce the impact. Chang Li, however…

As if she wanted Ning Xi to save the company’s image; instead, she wanted to destroy her completely. If she apologized, it would mean that she acknowledged doing everything mentioned in the Weibo post…

"Yes, I want to see it online before 8pm tonight! A video would be the best, as it’s more sincere! Otherwise you can wait to be kicked out of the film production! By that time, even the company won’t be able to protect you!" After throwing these threatening words at her, Chang Li hung up.

Ning Xi was no longer feeling sleepy after the call.

She had already known this would happen, but hadn’t expected it to be so soon.

It seemed Jia Qingqing really couldn’t wait another second, and with Ning Xueluo fueling the flames behind her, Ning Xi had been pushed into the eye of the storm in one short night.

Very well, come!

She was starting to think they would never take action!

Ning Xi straightaway got out of bed and washed up, then started to put on her makeup.

After half an hour, she looked in the mirror, and nodded with satisfaction at how the makeup had transformed her face into a pale and fragile one.

Right after she tidied up the table, there was a knock at the door.

Ning Xi stood up and opened the door, and then was a little stunned to see that it really was the "werewolf" from last night, Lu Tingxiao.

After what happened last night, it felt a bit awkward to see him now…

Lu Tingxiao’s expression turned cold as ice when he saw Ning Xi’s deathly pale face, and without waiting for her to speak, he took out his cellphone and started to look through his contacts.

Out of the corner of her eye, Ning Xi could see his finger stop on the name "Liang Feixing".

Liang Feixing, Director of Public Relations at Glory World, had the hands of a magician, which had beautifully resolved many artiste scandals and saved their images. It could be said that he was a textbook example for all public relations personnel to follow.

Ning Xi instantly reacted, throwing herself at Lu Tingxiao like a tiger and taking his cellphone away. "What are you doing, Lu Tingxiao?" Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Fixing that problem." Lu Tingxiao’s expression was very ugly; obviously he already knew about the online situation.

"…"Speechless, Ning Xi looked at this big boss from the enemy side, who without saying a single word, wanted to help her cheat her way out.

Last time, when Lu Tingxiao had called Su Yimo’s personal stylist to come over and save her, that had really frightened her, and luckily no one had noticed. She really couldn’t bear it to happen again.

If Glory World suddenly got involved in this situation, she would be accused of yet another thing: being disloyal with her foot in two camps.