Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 852: Little Treasure Spoke

Guan Rui slapped Guan Zhichen hard.

"Shut up! I told you to apologize! Did you hear me? It doesn’t matter if people gossip about it. How could you believe them that easily? How does Qingyu look like he’s sick?"

No matter how much he loved his grandson, he had to do something in order to keep the situation under control.

Guan Rui had something else on his mind. Although what happened today might make Lu Chongshan unhappy, Lu Qingyu had become completely useless after today, one competitor to the position of successor easily removed.

Too bad he had to treat Zhichen this way…

Guan Zhichen was stunned, unable to believe what just happened. "Grandfather…you slapped me…"

Although Guan Rui was always strict with him in public, he was always kind and nice to him at home. It was the first time in his life that his grandfather had slapped him, all because of this stupid dumb kid!

Since Guan Rui had taken such drastic measures, it would be inappropriate for Lu Chongshan to blame the child even further. Lu Chongshan gripped his walking staff tightly. "It’s okay, Zhichen is still young, let him off."

"But that was really hurtful! Zhichen, you should really apologize to Little Treasure." Yan Ruyi was heartbroken as she saw Ning Xi holding Little Treasure tightly. She wished she had not let Little Treasure appear tonight! She had overestimated this woman and forgot that the unpredictable might happen…

She would rather keep Little Treasure hidden at home and never see anyone, rather than to let him get hurt. After all, they could afford to provide Little Treasure for his whole life!

Guan Ziyao knew that even though Lu Chongshan and Yan Ruyi would overlook this matter on the surface, they would surely be unhappy, so she helped to persuade Guan Zhichen, "Zhichen, be good, go and apologize to Qingyu, it’s your fault!"

"That’s right, Qingyu is younger than you, and you should be the one protecting him…" Mo Lingtian lectured Guan Zhichen.

"Damn you, Guan Zhichen! What kind of kid is that!? I’m a kid as well! I’m going to beat him up! That old fart Guan Rui must be doing this on purpose!" Lu Jingli could not hold it in anymore and was about to rush in when he was stopped by Lu Tingxiao.

"Bro, what are you doing!? Your son, my nephew is being bullied!" Lu Jingli was furious.

Lu Tingxiao just looked at Little Treasure and Ning Xi silently without any expression.

Guan Zhichen could not stand that everyone was helping the dumb kid, so he freed himself from Guan Ziyao and yelled, "He’s autistic, he’s sick, he’s dumb! If not, why is he not talking!? If he can talk to me, only then will I apologize! If not, I will never apologize! I’m not wrong!"

Guan Zhichen was forcing Little Treasure to talk, his yelling filled the silent banquet hall…

Sometime later… Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Guan Rui achieved what he intended. As he was about to have someone to send Guan Zhichen back home first, there was a young yet cold voice in the air: "You’re not worthy."

That voice sounded childish and slightly hoarse, yet it was so impactful and drove a chill into everyone’s ears and hearts…