Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 87: You Need A Woman

Ning Xi said easily, "If I can’t take even this small strike, how can I survive in the entertainment industry? Didn't you say last time that you believed in me?"

"But you don't look convincing at all right now." Lu Tingxiao had a solemn expression on his face.

Ning Xi was confused by his words, then she finally remembered her makeover, so she explained, "This pale face and the dark circles are all just makeup which I did myself! I’m not pretending to be happy or tough, I can wipe it off to show you if you don't believe me…"

Lu Tingxiao suddenly reached out before she finished speaking, and touched her cheeks and eyes gently.

It was just a gentle touch, but Ning Xi felt like she had been electrocuted, and couldn’t contain a shiver.

Ning Xi’s reaction made Lu Tingxiao more concerned, and he quickly took his hand back. "Don’t try to be tough."

Ning Xi laughed. "I won’t, if I can’t handle it, I’ll definitely fly right back to you and hug your thigh!"

Ruffled feathers smoothed down, Lu Tingxiao slowly relaxed. "Good."

After that, Ning Xi scratched her head and looked at him as if she had something to say.

"Something you want to say?" Lu Tingxiao asked in a gentle voice, like he was a totally different person from last night.

Ning Xi looked at him with a complicated expression on her face for a long time, and in the end couldn’t help saying, "Uh, that, Lu Tingxiao, have you ever thought about finding a woman to keep you company?"

"What do you mean?" Lu Tingxiao’s expression immediately turned cold. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Don’t blame me for being nosy, I just think…" Ning Xi considered her words carefully, then patted him sincerely on his shoulder. "I think you need a woman; in some matters, holding it in for too long is not good for your health!"

Wasn’t there a saying, one dreams at night what one thinks about in the day?

Lu Tingxiao looked like he kept his distance from girls, but from last night, it was clear that he really needed it…

Lu Tingxiao’s face was now thoroughly black.

Damn woman, who do you think did this to me? Who do you think left me in an awkward position and forced me to endure after I had tasted the flesh in my mouth?

Seeing Lu Tingxiao’s expression turn worse and worse, Ning Xi coughed and quickly sneaked away. "I’m going to be late, I’m going to say goodbye to Little Treasure then head out to filming! Bye~"

Movie backlot in the suburbs.

The moment Ning Xi appeared, a group of Jiang Muye’s fans, who had been waiting for a long time, immediately ran at her in a frenzy.

"Ning Xi! Ning Xi’s here! That whore is here! I can’t believe she dared to come!"

"Disgusting b*tch! You’re not allowed to get close to our Muye! Hurry and leave the production!"

"Ning Xi, leave the production! Ning Xi, leave the entertainment industry! Leave!"

…

It was a chaotic scene; only a few guards protected Ning Xi as they moved forward. The rest of the production crew was just enjoying the spectacle, now and then pointing and sneering at her.

The attention on her was like knives cutting into her inch by inch, and the malicious looks were like sinister poisonous snakes and ferocious beasts, ready to tear her to pieces.

Ning Xi couldn’t help thinking about a female movie star last year, who had been at the height of her popularity, but in the end committed suicide because of vicious rumors; after she died, her suicide note only had a few words: rumors are lethal!

The crowd continually threw rotten eggs and vegetables at her, and someone even threw a rock, which almost hit her…

Seeing that the rock was about to hit the stylist Amy, who was enjoying the spectacle, Ning Xi’s expression changed, and she leapt agilely to block that rock with her arm, when it was about half a meter away from hitting Amy.

In the next second, the spot where her arm had been hit started to bleed severely…