Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 870: Damn It! Who Tripped Me!?

As expected, Ning Xi was stopped by a soldier when she reached the entrance. "Please show your permit pass."

Ning Xu turned around to the old man. "Sir…"

The old man slowly opened his mouth to croak, "Let her in."

The soldier seemed to be shocked when he realized who was at the back, then he replied in a clear and loud "Yes, Sir!" before opening the gate.

Ning Xi was not familiar with the place, so she followed the old man’s shaky finger directions to an ancient-looking house. Upon arriving, she helped the old man to get down.

She could feel that the old man was still very weak and he probably could not even stand without her help. Something had probably happened at home and he insisted to come back…

As she was helping him up the stairs, there was a terrifying gunshot sound coming from inside the house.

Ning Xi was shocked and her face became ashen, but she was more worried about the old man. She was afraid that his heart condition might worsen…

The old man quickened his steps and opened the door. The next moment, Ning Xi saw a teenage boy who was about 18 years old shivering on the floor in the living room with a girl holding him in her arms and shrieking, "Father! Are you crazy?"

Just a few steps away, there was a middle-aged man with a gun in his hand and he was furiously looking at the young man in the girl’s arms. With his angry expression, he might really kill the teenager!

Ning Xi took a double reel when she saw them.

Zhuang Keer…?Zhuang Liaoyuan…?

Then, this old man was…?

Ning Xi turned towards the elder, who yelled out loudly, "Bastard! Put the gun down!"

"Grandfather…Grandfather, save me! My father’s going to kill me!" The teenager crawled over and clung to the elder’s foot.

Ning Xi thought he was going to protect his grandson, but then the elder kicked the teenager hard. "Trash! What did you promise me the last time? It was just a month ago that you promised me, and now you have attacked someone and put him in the ICU all because of a woman! Our Zhuang family name is all ruined by you!" Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"It’s not my fault! That bastard was trying to steal my girl, I was just trying to reason…"

"Shut up! Always about women!" The elder hit the teenager’s back with his walking stick. "Get me the punishment tool!"

The teenager crawled back to Zhuang Keer. "Sis! Save me! I know it’s my fault! I really get it now! I’m really hurt…my legs are broken…why do all of you always scold me…?"

Zhuang Keer was really nervous as she pleaded, "Grandfather, Rongguang is really weak, he almost died from your whipping last time! You can’t hit him anymore!"

"Bullets or whipping? Pick one!" Zhuang Liaoyuan's eyes blazed like the king of hell as he demanded expressionlessly.

Zhuang Rongguang looked at his grandfather then at his father. He clenched his teeth and tried to scurry away. Zhuang Liaoyuan could not react soon enough and yelled at him…

The next moment, Zhuang Rongguang fell.

"Damn it! Who tripped me!?"

Ning Xi withdrew her drenched leg and wrung out her pants apologetically. "Sorry, my legs are a little too long."