Chapter 91: Counter-attack

This brainless moron was quickly angering Ning Xueluo to death. "Don't you see, because of this situation, everyone is starting to sympathize with her. Are you going to let her stand up and continue to partner with your Brother Muye?"

Jia Qingqing hesitated for a moment, but refused to relent. "Anyway, I won't go! Want me to apologize to that b*tch, might as well ask me to die!"

What kind of effect could such a small incident have? She just needed to buy some small gifts later to shut these people up!

Seeing that she couldn’t be persuaded in the slightest, Ning Xueluo could only give up and hope that she wouldn’t make any more mistakes from now on.

It was a foregone conclusion that Ning Xi’s reputation was ruined. No matter what schemes she had, she could only play this type of small trick. How could she possibly turn things around?

It wouldn’t be long before the anonymous sponsor dumped her — who would want a lover with a messy reputation who would cheat on him?

At the thought of this, Ning Xueluo calmed down a little. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

In the end, Guo Qisheng decided to avoid conflict, and didn't have them redo the scene. They would just use the clip of Ning Xi spitting up blood after being hit.

The second scene to be shot today was when Meng Changge was declared the Imperial Concubine, and Princess Xian, who had lost the Emperor’s favor, was banished to the Cold Palace. Meng Changge went to the Cold Palace to visit Princess Xian and reveal her true identity to her.

Luckily it was a safer scene, which didn’t involve much action, and was focused instead on expressions and dialogue.

"Three, two, one, action!"

Filming began.

In the Cold Palace, Princess De sat on a wide chair and looked disdainfully at the pathetic woman who had fallen at her feet as if she was already dead. "Princess Xian, do you know why I hate you so much? Why I have to put you to death?"

"B*tch! You're just jealous of me! Jealous that the emperor likes me! Jealous that I have his favor!"

Princess De laughed as if she had heard a really good joke. "Me, jealous? Jealous that you have that disgusting old man’s favor?"

"Princess De! You… are you crazy? I’ll tell the Emperor! I'll tell the Emperor that you were being insulting…"

Princess De suddenly looked at her with somber eyes, silencing Princess Xian. Then she said, very slowly, "Princess Xian, do you know who I am? Do you still remember… the name Meng Changge?"

"You… you… you…" Even after a long while, Jia Qingqing couldn’t say anything more than that.

Guo Qisheng yelled "Cut": "Again!"

The second take started.

"Princess Xian, do you know who I am? Do you still remember… the name Meng Changge?" This time, Ning Xi’s eyes were sharper than in the previous take, like a hangman’s noose strangling the other party to death.

"You… you are… are…"

"Stop, again!"

The third take started.

"Princess Xian, do you know who I am? Do you still remember… the name Meng Changge?" With each take, Ning Xi’s mood had become more and more intense. This time, she said the line in the tone of a malevolent, vengeful spirit, and even the people watching could feel her endless, overflowing anger and resentment.

"You… you’re Meng Changge? How can you be… be… be…" Jia Qingqing was like a stuck radio, and she forgot the words yet again.

"Cut!" Guo Qisheng finally lost his patience this time, and he dropped the script in a furious temper. "Jia Qingqing, what's the matter with you? You can't even recite such a simple line, have you even read the script at all?!"

Guo Qisheng really couldn’t be blamed for his anger; Ning Xi’s mood this time had been so amazing, he couldn’t help but be excited. He could have had the perfect take, but it was ruined by Jia Qingqing's idiotic mistake.