Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 93: Clean Hands Need No Washing

In the end, everyone wrapped up unhappily, and after Jia Qingqing’s outburst, the director stopped filming for two days for Jia Qingqing to get herself together.

As Ning Xi was about to leave after getting her makeup taken off, Ning Xueluo came in without her noticing, and crossed her arms as she looked down on Ning Xi. "Ning Xi, I never knew you were such a schemer!"

"Huh? Am I?" Ning Xi looked with a half-smile at the wound on Ning Xueluo’s arm where Jia Qingqing had scratched her, then blinked, an innocent look on her face. "Isn't it that you have too good an eye, and really know how to pick your teammate?"

"You…" Ning Xueluo gritted her teeth, her chest aching with anger.

How was she to know that Jia Qingqing could be so brainless. There was already so much dirt on Ning Xi, yet Jia Qingqing was able to wipe her clean of it, to the point that everyone's attitude towards Ning Xi was starting to change!

She had to think of a way to counter Ning Xi’s next move; she couldn't let her stand back up again, no matter what.

As Ning Xi walked out after that little confrontation with Ning Xueluo, her cellphone beeped with an incoming message.

Evil Fairy King: I’m waiting for you at the alley in the front.

Ning Xi replied cautiously: We leave separately, see you at home, I’ll look for you at your place.

An hour later, at the Platinum Palace No.6.

As soon as Ning Xi arrived at the door, Jiang Muye immediately pulled her inside, peering left and right as if he was an underground spy.

Before, he hadn’t minded if people thought that there was something between him and Ning Xi. In fact, he had actually wanted people to know that they were acquainted, but after this incident, he couldn’t help thinking about all his previous actions.

Ning Xi put her bag down, kicked off her shoes, and sat cross-legged on the sofa. The first thing she asked, with her hand out, was: "Did you take the video?"

Jiang Muye looked speechlessly at how she didn’t care about her image. This damn woman, she had never seen him as a man, had she? Why was she always so casual and thoughtless in front of him, like a hooligan, exactly like the one she was in the movie!

"Do you think I’m also a pig teammate? Of course I filmed it!" Jiang Muye ill-naturedly handed his phone to her.

When she had said she was going to pretend to be a little white flower, he had guessed what she was going to do, so of course he had recorded the highlights.

Ning Xi took the phone and pressed play, nodding in satisfaction, "Good job! One more drumstick for you!"

After saying that, she logged onto Weibo and put up a post on her official account. Of course it wasn’t an apology, like Chang Li wanted, but just one phrase: Clean hands need no washing.

After she posted it, she logged into her side account and messaged a gossip blogger who covered everything about Glory World, and sent him the video of Jia Qingqing’s continuous NGs.

As expected of two companies that were sworn enemies, it wasn’t long after Ning Xi messaged the blogger that he immediately posted the video, along with an eye-catching title, "NGed 33 times, no.1 flower vase in the entertainment industry gives you an example of real sheetty acting".

Jiang Muye looked at her. "You only sent this one? You’re not going to use the others? It was hard for me to film secretly!"

Ning Xi was busy reading comments. "This one is enough to get the ball rolling — do you think you were the only one who took videos?"

"By the way, why didn't you use that move earlier on Jia Qingqing? If you had done it sooner, she would have been switched out long ago, and all this drama wouldn’t have happened. I still had to endure that woman for two days!" Jiang Muye grumbled in complaint.

Not one person on set understood why Jia Qingqing had NGed non-stop; only Jiang Muye knew exactly what had happened.

In Chinese slang, ‘flower vase’ has the same meaning as eye candy.