Chapter 94: Can’t Restrain The Flames Of Love

It was because of Ning Xi’s deliberate "pressure acting".

Pressure acting was something only very experienced actors could pull off. By deliberately amping up their acting, an actor could put extreme mental pressure on the other party, making them act abnormally, forget lines continually, or more seriously, even leave the other party with a lifelong psychological trauma which would be hard to overcome.&nbsp;

There were very few in the entertainment industry who could do this. The most important thing was that it was very difficult to pick out, as you couldn't be sure whether the other party was just acting really well or was deliberately"pressure acting". Therefore, it could be said that this method could hurt people invisibly, without leaving any trace. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Ning Xi gave him a haughty look. "Of course you can’t simply let loose your ultimate move!"

This method could only work under certain circumstances, like in today’s scene with Jia Qingqing. The other thing about this method was that it seriously slowed down the speed of filming, so she would only use it as a last resort.

Jiang Muye couldn't help recalling some unpleasant memories, and he curled his lips. "Then I really am honored to be one of the few on whom you let loose your ultimate move!"

Ning Xi had used this pressure method on him years before, but he wasn’t like Jia Qingqing that trash; in the end, he had stood firm and overcame it, and his acting had developed by leaps and bounds for it.

After speaking, Jiang Muye stared at her with a sudden light in his eyes. "Dinner tonight? You promised to eat with me, just the two of us! You also promised to play PC games with me!"

It was true that last time, Ning Xi had been in the wrong, so she could only sigh and say, "Okay okay okay, I’ll eat with you and play PC games with you, okay? Just let me text Lu Tingxiao to let him know."

Hearing this, Jiang Muye’s expression instantly changed. "You’re just a temporary sedative, why do you have to report to him that you’re not going back? What is really going on between you and Lu Tingxiao?"

"Even though this text is to Lu Tingxiao, it’s for Little Treasure, okay?"

Ning Xi was lazy to respond to him, and focused on texting: [Sweet darling, Auntie is busy tonight and will probably be home very late, make sure you eat properly and sleep well, next time Auntie is free, I’ll buy you some cute outfits! Love you, muah muah~]

Seeing the text, Jiang Muye got so angry that his eyes turned red. "Why are you being so gentle with Little Treasure? When you were with me, you were never that gentle, and instead you always beat me up at a single word!"

Ning Xi slanted a look at him. "You deserved it! Little Treasure is so cute, how can you compare with him?"

Flames burned in Jiang Muye’s beautiful eyes. "Ning Xi! Did you ever like me at all? Did you get close to me just to…"

Ning Xi looked at him in surprise. "Nonsense, of course not."

"You… you, you…" Jiang Muye pointed at her, unable to speak at all.

Ning Xi cradled her jaw and smiled as she looked at him. "So? Are you done being angry? Still want to eat?"

Jiang Muye gritted his teeth: "Yes!" He definitely couldn’t fall into her trap!

At the same time, at the Lu residence.

Lu Jingli sat on the sofa with a pillow in his arms. If he had a tail, it would be wagging fast enough to fly off. "Bro, bro, bro, tell me, tell me, what on earth happened last night?"

Because of Ning Xi’s comment that morning that he needed a woman, Lu Tingxiao’s face was still gloomy, and he wasn't in the mood at all to satisfy Lu Jingli’s gossipy heart.

"Was it because you couldn’t restrain the flames of love, lost control, and ran off to attack her in the middle of the night, but in the end, before you got serious, you woke Xiao Xi Xi up, and you found yourself in a dilemma, so you simply decided to pretend you were sleepwalking?" Lu Jingli’s ability to fantasize was the real deal.

Lu Tingxiao raised his eyes to look at him. Did this person use all his intelligence on this kind of thing?

Lu Jingli knew he had guessed right after seeing his brother’s expression, and immediately started to think highly of himself. "My god, I’m just too smart! Brother, am I not the apple of your eye?"