Chapter 99: Smashing Windows Early In The Morning

Late at night, Public Relations Department of Glory World Group.

Liang Feixing was stressing over the scandal of Su Yimo driving while drunk and hitting someone, when his personal cell phone suddenly rang.

He had been prepared to impatiently throw his phone aside, but in the next second he was frightened into a cold sweat when he saw the caller ID. He immediately flipped over to sit up, and received the call in a flurry —

"Hello, President Lu, my apologies! We’re dealing with this matter, and will definitely solve it latest by tomorrow evening!"

"What?" The man's cold and distant voice came through the phone.

"Ah? It's about Su Yimo’s drunk driving… you weren’t looking for me because of this?" Liang Feixing was confused. So Big Boss wasn’t calling this late at night to interrogate him?

"No."

Liang Feixing immediately sighed in relief. He was really very busy, and President Lu had never gotten involved in the business of Glory World. Even if the matter involving Glory World’s First Sister Su Yimo was a huge issue in their eyes, for Lu Tingxiao, it likely didn’t make even the smallest ripple.

So, why was Big Boss personally calling him at this time?

Liang Feixing felt even more uneasy. "So the reason you’ve call me…?"

"Make Jia Qingqing leave the entertainment industry within 24 hours." Lu Tingxiao directly gave him an order.

"Jia Qingqing? President Lu, which Jia Qingqing is that?"

"Starlight Entertainment."

Hearing the voice on the other end of the phone, Liang Feixing was greatly surprised. So it was that gaudy-looking Jia Qingqing who nevertheless had been hyped up by Starlight Entertainment as the "The No.1 Beauty in the Entertainment Industry"?

He had wondered what type of big shot it was!

Liang Feixing was still bewildered, but he dared not ask too many questions. He responded readily. "Yes, President Lu, I understand! As far as I know, Jia Qingqing recently had a falling out with a female artiste in their company. The other party wasn’t the good type either, and she had a lot of blackmail material on Jia Qingqing. She really knew how to get someone else to do her dirty work, and she gave the lot to a big V gossip blogger on our company’s operations team. Jia Qingqing has offended too many people. This time, everyone’s going to kick her when she’s down, I reckon it’ll be hard for her to get away. But if we want to force her to leave the entertainment industry, we’ll need to fan the flames!"

"Handle it quietly." Lu Tingxiao instructed him.

"Yes. Don’t worry, President Lu!"

After hanging up the phone, Liang Feixing immediately passed everything he had been handling to the deputy director, then dealt with this matter himself.

The matter this time really was too easy. Asking him to handle it was simply like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut. The artiste who had been fighting with Jia Qingqing had already done 80% of the work, he just needed to deal the last blow.

But she was just a small, B-list artiste, what on earth had she done for Big Boss to personally command that she be blacklisted?

No matter how much Liang Feixing tried, there was no way he would have guessed that Lu Tingxiao's real purpose was not to blacklist Jia Qingqing, but to support Ning Xi, a little actress who was even less famous than Jia Qingqing, and whose name till now Liang Feixing probably didn’t even remember…

The next morning.

After Ning Xi woke up, she was a bit confused. Why was she in the Lu residence?

She clearly remembered that she had played games continuously with Little Treasure for two hours, and finally had been so tired that she had fallen asleep on the sofa in Jiang Muye’s living room.

While she was puzzling this out, suddenly there was a bang at the window behind the bed.

Startled, Ning Xi quickly went over to see what was going on.

As soon as she opened the window, she saw a golden head…

Black lines appeared on Ning Xi’s head. "Jiang Muye, what are you doing?"

Jiang Muye, who paid the most attention to his image, was actually still wearing the same clothes from last night, now crumpled, and his hair was also a mess. He had an agitated expression on his face. "Ning Xi, get down here! I need to talk to you about something! Hurry up!"

Head aching, Ning Xi sighed. She had known it wouldn’t be a good thing for this person to know that she was staying here. He actually came running early in the morning to smash her window…

Big V ‘大V’: a verified account, usually on Weibo, with a large number of followers Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Big V ‘大V’: a verified account, usually on Weibo, with a large number of followers.