Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 987: Lu Tingxiao, You’re So Cruel!

Nice pictures…?

Thank you?

For a moment, Guan Ziyao thought that something was wrong with her ears! Or something was wrong with Lu Tingxiao?

Would a normal man react this way after seeing intimate pictures of his girlfriend with another man? Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Guan Ziyao took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down. She asked out of concern, "Tingxiao, are you being threatened by that woman?"

She could not think of any other reason that would make Lu Tingxiao stay with that woman after something like that happened.

"Nope," Lu Tingxiao replied in a firm tone without any odd expression.

"Then, why are you still with her?" Guan Ziyao did not understand him at all.

"The man in the pictures is me," Lu Tingxiao simply said.

"You…what are you saying?" Guan Ziyao was shocked, then she continued, "The man in the picture is Ning Xi's colleague named Ke Mingyu! How could that be you!? Did I send you the wrong pictures?"

In a clear voice, Lu Tingxiao popped her bubble after she continued to find excuses for herself, "I am Ke Mingyu, I just altered my face."

What Lu Tingxiao had just said so light-heartedly was extremely shocking to Guan Ziyao and she could not believe it. "It's you…you said…you're Ke Mingyu?"

"Her career forbids us from publicizing our relationship and we have very little time together, so I choose to spend time with her this way."

It was rare for Lu Tingxiao to talk this much, yet every single word sliced through her like a knife.

"Any more questions?" Lu Tingxiao asked.

Guan Ziyao shook her head. She looked pale.

Questions…? What else could I ask?

No matter how much she thought about it, she could never have guessed that the man Ning Xi cheated with was Lu Tingxiao himself! The man who was cold to everyone had actually swapped his face and joined the act just to spend more time with that woman. She had tried so hard not to hurt his pride and had invited him to hike, thinking that he would finally realize the woman's true colors…

Yet, in the end, Lu Tingxiao just denied all her efforts; she was playing the role of the joker all along!

"Then, allow me to say a few things," Lu Tingxiao spoke up after a short moment.

"What do you want to say? That I'm a wicked woman who's trying to separate you from her? I didn't even know that that was you! I was really worried that you're being cheated on!" Guan Ziyao yelled at him.

Lu Tingxiao interrupted her and looked at her with his cold eyes. "Ziyao, there are things that I don't say out loud because I think you're a smart person. I believe that you understand."

Guan Ziyao bit her lip with tears in her eyes. "Stop it! I don't want to hear it!"

Lu Tingxiao turned a deaf ear on her and forced his opinions upon her, "Ziyao, it's impossible between us. No matter what happened before, now, or in the future, I've only ever thought of you as a friend and nothing else. Even if Ning Xi was not with me, I wouldn't be with you either. I hope you don't waste anymore time on me."

Guan Ziyao did not expect Lu Tingxiao would be this straightforward to say something so hurtful to her. She was trembling. "Lu Tingxiao, you're so cruel…"