Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Over the last two years, Chen Hao had been training hard in the Blood Phoenix Forest, but he had still been keeping abreast of the news within the sect, therefore he knew about the new Submerging Dragon Ranking champion Huang Xiaolong who possessed a unique king rank godhead, the Three Furnace Cauldron godhead. Every person had a reverse scale, and Chen Hao’s was his younger brother, Chen Xiong.

They lost their parents when they were still very young, and from then on, it had always been the two of them relying on each other. Chen Hao loved his younger brother the most.

There was a time before Chen Hao entered the Barbarian God Sect when a disciple of some family wounded Chen Xiong. After the incident, Chen Hao not only killed that disciple, he also annihilated the entire family of over a hundred people.

“Huang Xiaolong, you really think I won’t dare to kill you just because you have a king rank Three Furnace Godhead and the Ancestor favors you?” A storm of killing intent swirled around Chen Hao’s body, covering the giant trees in his proximity with a layer of ice.

Then, the aura around Chen Hao quivered, causing all the frozen trees to explode into splinters.

He then transformed into a small sharp blade, piercing through the air as he rushed back to the Barbarian God Sect.

While Chen Hao was rushing back to the sect, the news of Huang Xiaolong injuring Chen Xiong outside the library spread like wildfire throughout the sect, raising a great ruckus. One could find disciples gasping with shock and disbelief at almost every corner.

Huang Xiaolong who had just won the Submerging Dragon Ranking had now gravely wounded Chen Xiong!

Chen Xiong was an early Third Order Heavenly God Realm cultivator ah!

“What? This, this news, is it true?” When the Barbarian God Sect Chief Gu Ling heard the report from Grand Elder Lin Shen, he couldn’t believe his ears.

“Replying to Sect Chief, this matter is absolutely true. Huang Xiaolong indeed wounded Chen Xiong, moreover, he only used one move!” Lin Shen felt a sudden dryness in his throat. In all truthfulness, when he and the other Grand Elders heard about the incident, even they were shocked.

How long had Huang Xiaolong been in the Barbarian God Sect, just a little over one year? Prior to that, he was still a small peak late-Tenth Order Highgod Realm cultivator.

This growth speed was too frightening for words, too monstrous!

Gu Ling sucked in a breath of cold air.

‘He wounded Chen Xiong in one strike?!’

The whole hall fell into an eerie silence as everyone’s present fell into deep shock.

A long time later, Gu Ling puffed out a long breath, calming himself. His sharp gaze swept over the group of Grand Elders, speaking in deliberate slowness, “What is everyone’s opinion on this matter?”

“Huang Xiaolong wounded an inner disciple, breaking the sect rules. According to the rules, he should be detained in the dungeon.” Grand Elder Cao Yang suddenly spoke.

“I agree with Grand Elder Cao Yang. We cannot spoil the whole pot of porridge just for Huang Xiaolong, a single person. As good as his talent might be, the sect would be turned upside down, without order, if we allow him to do as he likes and let him kill innocent sect brethren, breaking all of our sect’s long-established rules.” Another Grand Elder named Zhuang Xuan chimed in.

“Huang Xiaolong must be punished, only then can we show our impartiality.” Grand Elder Huang Junfei stated harshly.

Several more Grand Elders agreed with this line of thought.

Gu Ling’s brows couldn’t help but crease into deep furrows.

Cao Yang, Zhuang Xuan, Huang Junfei, and other Grand Elders were extremely close to Chen Hao, which was why they tried to ‘uphold fairness’ on behalf of Chen Xiong.

“Cao Yang, it seems you all got one point wrong. As far as I know, it was Chen Xiong who was influenced by Zhu Wanchen and attacked Huang Xiaolong first. Huang Xiaolong was merely defending himself. According to our Barbarian God Sect rules, those who attack first are the ones being sent to the dungeon.” At this time, Grand Elder Sun Jian interjected with Cao Yang’s group.

Although Chen Hao had a high standing in the sect, able to gain support from Grand Elders like Cao Yang and the others, at the same time, because he was proud of his talent and identity as the chief disciple, Chen Hao had violated the rules on many occasions. More than a few Grand Elders had been feeling discontent toward him, and Sun Jian was one of them.

“That’s right, not only is Huang Xiaolong not at fault, he should be rewarded instead.” Grand Elder Wu Guangshu also said.

Cao Yang, Zhuang Xuan, Huang Junfei, and those in the same line were immediately enraged.

“Enough. This matter, I will ask the Ancestor and seek his opinion.”When Cao Yang’s group was about to start arguing, Gu Ling cut them off.

Seeing this, they stopped whatever words were hanging off the edge of their tongue and agreed.

Gu Ling sent everyone away before heading to back mountain where the Ancestor’s cultivation dwelling was located.

Twenty-odd minutes later, Lu Zhuo heard from Gu Ling that Huang Xiaolong injured an early Third Order Heavenly God Realm Chen Xiong; his reaction was no different than Gu Ling previously, shock and disbelief.

“Ancestor, say, that Huang Xiaolong’s godhead and talent, could it be...?” Gu Ling hesitated.

Lu Zhuo understood that Gu Ling was asking if Huang Xiaolong’s godhead, could be above low grade king rank.

“No, I checked it myself. Huang Xiaolong’s godhead is indeed the Three Furnace Godhead, it cannot be fake.” Lu Zhuo said with certainty.

Gu Ling nodded.

Indeed, based on the Ancestor’s strength, it wasn’t possible for Huang Xiaolong to be capable of hiding anything from him.

Lu Zhuo’s eyes glimmered as he pondered, then said, “Huang Xiaolong’s growth is too fast, could he have consumed some kind of chaos spiritual fruit?”

Gu Ling shuddered in shock, “Chaos spiritual fruit!”

Chaos spiritual fruits were a kind of treasure born in chaotic space. It was said that one could be reborn after eating a chaos spiritual fruit, an indescribable wonder.

However, only those who possessed great luck could stumble upon them.

“Only this explanation makes sense.” Lu Zhuo said calmly.

Gu Ling acquiesced.

“Since Huang Xiaolong injured Chen Xiong, Chen Hao won’t let the issue rest without retaliating. Have someone watch Chen Hao’s movements.” Lu Zhuo reminded.

Both Huang Xiaolong and Chen Hao were their Barbarian God Sect’s monstrous geniuses, they couldn’t be allowed to kill or harm each other.

Gu Ling nodded.

“Also, increase Huang Xiaolong’s authority, enough for him to enter the library’s sixth floor, and double his monthly allowance.” Lu Zhuo ordered Gu Ling one by one.

One hour later, Gu Ling left the Ancestor’s cultivation dwelling.

“I didn’t expect the Ancestor to actually place such importance on Huang Xiaolong. Not only was he not punished, he can now enter the sixth floor of the library, even has his monthly allowance was doubled!” Inside his cultivation dwelling, Cao Yang was spewing in anger.

“Huang Xiaolong’s godhead is there for all to see, it is very normal for the Ancestor to not punish Huang Xiaolong, after all, it was Chen Xiong who was at fault.” Huang Junfei said.

“Chen Hao already knows about Chen Xiong’s injuries. He’s rushing back from the Blood Phoenix Forest as fast as he can, but it’ll still take a little over a month.” Zhuang Xuan grinned, “We just need to sit back and wait to watch a good show.”

A little over a month passed in the blink of an eye.

During this time, Huang Xiaolong maintained his routine, cultivating in his mansion at night while the mornings were spent reading books in the Barbarian God Sect’s library.

His cultivation and alchemy refining skills improved, while his knowledge toward the Fortune Mainland, Eternal Mainland, Dark Elf Mainland, and Primal Chaos Mainland had broadened drastically. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

On this day, Huang Xiaolong had just left the library and was headed back to his Sanctity of Order Mansion when a discussion nearby entered his ears.

“I heard Eldest Senior Brother Chen Hao is already rushing back from the Blood Phoenix Forest, he’s already reached Pingyi City. By this time tomorrow, he will be back in the sect.”

“Even though Huang Xiaolong’s talent is very high, it’s too bad his strength is still too low. This time around, after Eldest Senior Brother Chen Hao comes back, Huang Xiaolong is bound to suffer.”