Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

While the He Family and the other three families were preparing to attack, inside the Lin Family Fort, Huang Xiaolong was standing in front of the treasury. Following Lin Chaoqun’s memories, he formed a strange seal with his hands, then sent it to the circle on the golden door.

Following this, the golden door of the treasury gradually opened up.

Huang Xiaolong took a step inside, sensing the abundant spiritual energy that rushed out. Within the spiritual energy were various layers of divine pellet qi as well as medicinal herb qi.

Furthermore, he detected the aura of a spiritual vein.

‘Spiritual vein!’

‘This...’ Joy crept up Huang Xiaolong’s face as he hurried into the treasury, even the golden horned little cow couldn’t wait to enter, its tail standing vertically from excitement.

Every time the little cow was happy, its tail would be pointing skyward.

Huang Xiaolong surveyed the hall upon entering, looking at the various divine armors, weapons, as well as godheads lying in piles. Right in the center of the hall was a majestic furnace.

From it, wisps of divine pill qi were flowing out!

In just a few steps, Huang Xiaolong reached the furnace. Circulating his godforce, the restrictions placed on the furnace cover were easily broken. When he looked inside, the furnace belly was filled with various kinds of divine pellets.

At a single glance, there seemed to be at least twenty to thirty kinds of divine pills, and there were at least three to four hundred pellets of each kind.

Huang Xiaolong’s breathing quickened.

When he obtained the first place in the Submerging Dragon Ranking, one of the rewards were one hundred Dragon Cloud Pills refined by a high-level Heavenly God Realm cultivators, whereas now, there were almost ten thousand divine pellets inside the cauldron, their quality comparable to the Dragon Cloud Pills he received.

Just these ten thousand divine pellets were enough to help him breakthrough to late-Second Order Heavenly God Realm.

Taking a deep breath, Huang Xiaolong moved further into the inner section of the treasury. The large hall was divided into an inner and an outer section.

The inner section was lined with rows of jade drawers. In some drawers were jade bottles filled with various divine pellets, while in others were different kinds of herbs that were at least ten million years old or above. There was a small amount of twenty-million-year-old medicinal herbs elixirs, a few even reached thirty-million-year-old!

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes sparkled looking at these herbs and divine pellets.

Even an Ancient God Realm master would go green with envy at a thirty-million-year- old herb elixir.

Those divine pellets contained inside the rows of jade bottles were definitely much more valuable than the ones inside the furnace, otherwise they wouldn’t be kept in the inner section of the hall.

Huang Xiaolong subsequently tilted his head upward, looking straight at the large spiritual vein floating above the inner hall.

It was light blue, emitting a soft water element aura that filled the space above the inner hall.

The Divine World’s spiritual veins were graded from one to ten, just like the divine stones, and above grade ten spiritual veins were the chaos spiritual veins. The Extreme Yang Fire Ore spiritual vein that Huang Xiaolong refined on the Volcano Isle was top grade two.

Although this blue spiritual vein couldn’t compare to the Extreme Yang Fire Ore spiritual vein, it was still high grade two.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong managed to suppress the excitement in his heart. The Lin Family Fort’s foundation was only five to six hundred years, yet their wealth accumulation was so shocking, he could only imagine the extent of the Zhenyu Sect’s treasury!

This greatly raised Huang Xiaolong’s anticipation toward finding the Zhenyu Sect treasure.

However, at the moment, Huang Xiaolong was in no hurry to rush out to find the Zhenyu Sect’s treasury, deciding to first consume these divine pellets and herbs, then refine the spiritual vein in the Lin Family Fort’s treasury. He needed to improve his strength as much as possible before anything else. After all, a place like the Zhenyu Sect treasury couldn’t be opened without a certain degree of strength.

When Huang Xiaolong returned to the outer section hall, he was stupefied. The little cow was sprawled in a corner, crunching on a godhead while its tail was swaying happily from left to right.

Huang Xiaolong was rendered speechless by the sight, ‘This child knows nothing except for eating and more eating!’

In these months Huang Xiaolong spent with the little cow, he noticed that it loved crunching on godheads the most. After that were divine pellets, with herb elixirs being third.

Other than these three things, the little cow rarely ate anything else.

Naturally, it also loved Huang Xiaolong’s roast meat.

Watching the little cow gnawing on a godhead, Huang Xiaolong turned his attention back to the furnace sitting at the center of the outer section of the hall. With a wave of his palm, four hundred divine pellets flew out from the furnace, then he sat down cross-legged, swallowing all of them at the same time.

As dusk fell, the sky gradually darkened.

Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes. He could feel a clear difference in his godforce after refining the four hundred divine pellets.

The average Heavenly God Realm cultivator could only refine one Dragon Cloud Pill in a day’s time, whereas Huang Xiaolong could refine four hundred such pills, not to mention the fact that these divine pellets’ grade was higher than the Dragon Cloud Pills.

If those upper echelon of the Barbarian God Sect knew of his terrifying cultivation speed, they wouldn’t know what to think.

As Huang Xiaolong decided to continue refining the divine pellets from the furnace, a sudden loud explosion resounded throughout the Lin Family Fort, the impact so great that Huang Xiaolong could feel the walls of the treasury shake violently.

Someone was attacking the Lin Family Fort!

Huang Xiaolong swiftly rose to his feet.

“Young Lord, not good, the four families have joined up to attack us!” Almost at the same time, Lin Hang could be seen running towards Huang Xiaolong in panic.

‘The four families?’

Huang Xiaolong immediately understood that the four families were the Green Sun City’s He, Su, Zhuang, and Deng Families. This fact calmed his down instead.

“Xiaoniū.” Huang Xiaolong called.

At Huang Xiaolong’s call, the little cow trotted leisurely to his side. Huang Xiaolong leaped onto it’s back, and together with Lin Hang, the three headed to the Lin Family Fort gates. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lin Hang was inwardly dumbfounded watching Huang Xiaolong head to the gates at his own pace at a time like this, but being apprehensive of Huang Xiaolong’s identity, Lin Hang dared not rush him.

On the other side, outside the Lin Family Fort gates.

Over one hundred masters of the four families were gathered outside the Lin Family Fort, exuding a pressure that made the fort guards and disciples quiver with fear, their faces becoming ashen.

A Heavenly God Realm Elder of the He Family was attacking the steel gates. The fort disciples felt their hearts jump every time the gates trembled and boomed, it sounded just like a reaper scraping chunks of their lives away.

“What are we to do? What are we going to do? The four families actually joined up to destroy our Lin Family Fort!”

“We had just submitted to Young Lord Huang and already we have to face the four families’ attack. With the four families’ forces, even someone as strong as Young Lord Huang won’t be able to protect us!”

“I say this is fate! Young Lord Huang killed our Fort Lord Lin, this is retribution! Just as well, when the four families’ masters kill him later, they would avenge our Fort Lord Lin! We should swear allegiance to the four families now before it’s too late!”

“That’s right, submit to the four families, have their masters kill that punk surnamed Huang!”

Some Lin Family Fort disciples shouted with enthusiasm and hatred, wanting vengeance.

At this point, the Lin Family Fort steel gates finally gave out.

“Don’t kill us, we’re willing to surrender to the four families!” Immediately, some Lin Family Fort disciples shouted loudly, walking out with both their hands up in the air.

He Hanyu was extremely happy, they had yet to attack seriously and there were already Lin Family Fort disciples surrendering. Even though it surprised him, it didn’t stop the smile spreading over his face, “Good, any Lin Family Fort disciples and guards willing to surrender to our four families, we won’t mistreat you.”

Those disciples and guards who had been hovering indecisively gritted their teeth and raised their hands as they walked out hearing He Hanyu’s promise.

Watching more and more Lin Family Fort disciples and guards raise their hands in surrender, the four families’ masters were smiling like flowers in bloom.

Although they were confident they could take over the Lin Family Fort with the power of the four families, it was all the better if the same could be achieved without losing soldiers.