Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

He Cheng scanned the group of returning people, but did not see Huang Xiaolong’s figure, causing doubt to rise in his heart, ‘Did that punk escaped by a stroke of luck?’

Despite feeling doubtful, He Cheng still went forward to welcome them, saluting respectfully as he greeted, “He Cheng greets the four Patriarchs and all Elders.” Then he added as an afterthought, “Congratulations for the Patriarchs’ victorious return!”

Victorious return!

He Hanyu was already suppressing the anger in his heart, having nowhere to vent it, but at this moment, hearing He Cheng’s words, his anger completely erupted. He rushed forward in a few short steps and mercilessly kicked away He Cheng who was kneeling in salute.

He Cheng tumbled down the street, blood flowing from his head. He was stupefied, he couldn’t understand why Patriarch He suddenly kicked him.

The several He Family guards who came out after He Cheng were also stunned by their Patriarch’s actions.

He Hanyu’s eyes glimmered with a tinge of scarlet bloodthirst after kicking He Cheng, but it seemed like his anger wasn’t fully vented. He stepped up and gave He Cheng, who had just climbed up from the ground, another kick.

“Your damn victorious return!”

“F*ck your victorious return!!”

He Hanyu was like an angered ferocious beast, his foot kicking He Cheng again and again with every sentence he shouted. He Cheng’s miserable screams reverberated in the street.

The He Family guards watched the entire scene with dumbstruck expressions on their faces, wondering what happened. Their Patriarch had always favored young master He Cheng, so why was he...?

Looking at their crazed He Hanyu, sending kick after kick at He Cheng despite his pitiful wails, the surrounding guards and disciples shuddered. Not to mention the fact that no one dared to stop He Hanyu, everyone held their breaths, trying to reduce their presence as much as possible.

Gradually, He Cheng’s screams weakened.

“Patriarch, if you keep kicking, He Cheng will die.” Seeing this, a Second Order Heavenly God Realm He Family Elder couldn’t help cautioning He Hanyu.

Only then did He Hanyu stop, but not before adding one last kick to He Cheng’s body.

He Cheng laid bloodied and limp on the street, groaning feebly.

In fact, similar scenes also took place in the other three families when the Patriarchs returned to their residences, venting their anger on those core disciples who had initially provoked Huang Xiaolong, not stopping before those disciples were beaten until they were half dead.

Huang Xiaolong did not know any of this. Right now, he was sitting cross-legged inside the Lin Family Fort’s treasury, swallowing another batch of four hundred divine pellets, continuing his cultivation.

As for the little cow, it was huddled in a corner of the hall, crunching on godheads.

Although the little cow’s ‘food’ consumption had risen greatly over the months, needing twenty to thirty godheads a day, the number of godheads inside the Lin Family Fort treasury was enough to last the little cow a month.

Thus, one person and one cow stayed in the Lin Family Fort, cultivating day in day out.

Around twenty days later, Huang Xiaolong finished refining all the divine pellets inside the furnace in the outer hall. His cultivation also rose to peak mid-Second Order, infinitely close to advancing to late-Second Order Heavenly God Realm. Following that, Huang Xiaolong started on the good stuff in the inner hall.

Days came and went. Unknowingly, more than two months had passed.

When Huang Xiaolong finished refining all the herbs and divine pellets in the inner hall, he finally advanced to late-Second Order Heavenly God Realm!

At last, Huang Xiaolong’s gaze fell on the blue spiritual vein floating above.

Five months later.

The Lin Family Fort’s tightly shut gates suddenly opened for the first time in several months as a figure flew out, stopping high in the air. A rumbling dragon roar resounded, reaching a thousand li radius from the fort as an overwhelming pressure enveloped the whole Lin Family Fort.

The patrolling disciples and guards turned pale with shock and apprehension, and Lin Hang was no exception despite being a Heavenly God Realm cultivator. To their horror, they discovered that they couldn’t move an inch before this overwhelming pressure.

Watching the figure in the air that resembled an ancient god, Lin Hang’s Adam’s apple quivered, indescribable fear creeping into his eyes. ‘Is this the Young Lord’s true strength?’

The Young Lord’s strength was so terrifying! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong descended in the Lin Family Fort compound. Feeling the vibrant godforce inside his body, he couldn’t help smiling. Although he did not break through to Third Order Heavenly God Realm this time, his cultivation did advance to late-Second Order Heavenly God Realm.

Within one month, he could definitely breakthrough to Third Order Heavenly God Realm.

Huang Xiaolong’s strength had improved, but when he looked at the empty treasury hall, there was a bitter smile on his face as he shook his head. He didn’t expect to merely reach peak late-Second Order after refining everything inside the Lin Family Fort Treasury, including that spiritual vein. Given anyone else, they would have probably advanced to Fifth Order, or even Sixth Order Heavenly God Realm.

At this time, a mooing noise sounded. In the next second, the golden horned little cow stood up from its corner of the treasury hall, shaking its head and swaying its tail. The pile of godheads in that corner was nowhere to be seen.

Naturally, after five months, the little cow’s size had grown substantially bigger. The lightning symbols on its pair of golden horns had multiplied and became much clearer. Moreover, under the sunlight, those two golden horns exuded an intimidating aura.

At the same time, Huang Xiaolong noticed that the little cow’s tail had grown longer, with faint lightning symbols appearing on it.

“Xiaoniū, come here.” Huang Xiaolong called.

The little cow mooed and trotted to Huang Xiaolong’s side, extremely intimate. Standing beside Huang Xiaolong, the little cow’s height had passed his ears, but despite its rapidly growing size, it still had a lovely appearance.

Huang Xiaolong leaped up, easing himself onto the little cow’s back, then gave a light a slap on its butt. As if there was wind beneath the little cow’s hooves, it shot forward several hundred meters in less than a second.

The little cow’s speed startled Huang Xiaolong. This speed was even faster than most Third Order Heavenly God Realm cultivators. But Huang Xiaolong could only guess, for until now he could not see what the little cow’s actual strength was.

Arriving at the Lin Family Fort’s main hall, Huang Xiaolong called for Lin Hang, telling him that he would be leaving the fort for a period of time. During his absence, if there was any problem, Lin Hang could contact him with the communication talisman.

While Huang Xiaolong was still inside the treasury hall, he took out the Zhenyu Sect treasure map to study from time to time, therefore he had determined that the location of the treasure was on the northern side of Green Cloud Island, in the Jadeite Ridge Mountains.

He decided to depart today to the Jadeite Ridge Mountains and open the Zhenyu Sect’s treasury!

Half an hour later, Huang Xiaolong had already left the Lin Family Fort. One person and one cow appeared on the mountain road.

Two days later, when Huang Xiaolong was passing through a certain mountain road, he suddenly stopped. He remembered that not far up north on this mountain road was the Tie Family Fort.

Huang Xiaolong recalled the pair of brother and sister he ran into two years ago when he first arrived in the Divine World. A slight moment hesitation later, he nudged the little cow onto the road leading to the Tie Family Fort. Since he was passing by, he might as well stop by to visit the siblings, it wouldn’t delay too much of his time.

While Huang Xiaolong was heading towards them, a heavy atmosphere filled the Tie Family Fort main hall.

“The He Family is too overbearing! We might as well fight to the death against them!” Inside the main hall, Tie Mu suddenly jumped to his feet in anger, spitting the words out through gritted teeth.

“The He, Su, Deng, and Zhuang Families have always moved together. Our Tie Family’s force is helpless against a single He Family, what confidence do we have to fight with all four families?” A Tie Family Fort Elder pointed out with a wry smile.

Tie Xinlan stood up saying, “Honorable Father, this matter was caused by me, I will take the sole responsibility.”

Tie Qianyuan frowned, “How are you going to take responsibility? Even if we agree with the He Family’s demands, they still won’t let us go.”