Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the little cow’s expression, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but laugh.

He really felt like giving this cow a kick.

Huang Xiaolong turned to the endless sea of medicinal herbs, divine weapons, and divine armors, a roar of excitement bubbling up his chest, shaking the air.

The herbs, divine weapons, and divine armors in his immediate proximity trembled under Huang Xiaolong’s roar.

With these herbs and the five spiritual veins, Huang Xiaolong could already imagine the speed of his improvement over the next few years. Furthermore, the amount of divine weapons and armors was enough to support him until his Heaven Splitting Tenet reached the peak of late-second stage, maybe even the third stage.

A moment later, Huang Xiaolong suppressed his excitement, flying toward the other end of the hall.

“Dark Heartless Flower!” VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

“Golden Water Ganoderma!”

“Hundred Feet Blood Ginseng!”

Huang Xiaolong looked down at the various kinds of medicinal herbs with sparkling eyes.

The herbs placed further back were one rarer than the other, their age correspondingly higher. Quite a few of them were between twenty to thirty million years old!

After a full hour of flying, Huang Xiaolong finally reached the other end of the hall and saw a stalk of forty-million-years-old herb! A medicinal herb of this age, forget the Green Cloud Island, it was rarely seen in the whole Vientiane World.

This was an unexpected surprise, especially when there was more than one stalk! There were more than ten of them!

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help gulping at this sight.

After refining a single forty-million-years-old medicinal herb, the average early Tenth Order Highgod Realm cultivator would be able to advance all the way to perfection stage late-Tenth Order in an instant, perhaps even breakthrough to the Heavenly God Realm.

It was with much effort that Huang Xiaolong pulled his gaze away from herbs, shifting his attention onto the giant steel wall in front of him.

On the surface of the steel wall, two handprints were imprinted.

The outer hall was already loaded with so much good stuff, what about the inner hall of the treasury?

Huang Xiaolong’s breathing quickened as he placed his palms above the hand imprints, almost a perfect fit. Then, circulating his godforce, he gave the steel wall a push. The giant steel wall merely shook slightly before the movement stopped.

He tried six to seven times, squeezing out every last bit of power, yet the steel wall remained firm.

Looks like he wouldn’t be able to enter the inner hall with his current strength.

He could only return in the future.

Huang Xiaolong turned around, looking at a forty-million-year-old herb that bore a slight resemblance to a snow mountain white lotus. There was still a slight difference, for the lotus seeds at the center were actually a fiery red color, like burning red flames.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t spend time trying to distinguish what kind of medicinal herb it was, sending it flying into his mouth.

Hot!

This was Huang Xiaolong’s first sensation. It was like a rush of magma coursing through his veins, scorching heat was coming out from his body. His internal organs felt like they were being roasted.

The effect frightened Huang Xiaolong, causing him to sit down and push his three supreme godheads to absorb the energy from this red lotus.

In all truthfulness, only a freak like him dared to swallow a forty-million-years-old herb directly. Had it been another Third Order Heavenly God Realm cultivator, they would have exploded on the spot.

Million-year-old medicinal herbs were also graded with low, mid, and high just like pills. Herbs with ages between ten to thirty million were the more commonly found ones, whereas once a medicinal herb reached forty-million-years-old or above, its value and effectiveness gained a tremendous boost.

Forty-million-years-old medicinal herbs’ energy was extremely overbearing, so much so that a Seventh Order Heavenly God Realm cultivator would writhe in pain if they directly consumed it in its entirety.

Fortunately, Huang Xiaolong was blessed with a monstrous True Divine Dragon Physique. On top of that, his three supreme godheads’ terrifying devouring speed prevented Huang Xiaolong from blowing up.

Even so, he still suffered.

It was as if his soul was being burned away, fire licking every part of his body.

In fact, Huang Xiaolong was indeed engulfed in fire.

Dark red clouds of fire were floating out from his body. More and more dark red fire clouds appeared, forming a sea of fire around him.

Even Huang Xiaolong’s hair was the color of fire, floating into the air without wind.

The days passed, but the sea of fire around Huang Xiaolong did not reduce. Instead, the intensity actually increased.

Only half a month later did the flames begin to recede, gradually disappearing. Sitting in midair, the surface of Huang Xiaolong’s skin emitted a faint fiery luster.

A moment later, Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes, immediately noticing the vigorous godforce inside his body. Compared to half a month ago, his cultivation had risen by one grade. Although he didn’t reach peak early Third Order Heavenly God Realm, he was very close.

This rate was already shocking enough. After all, Huang Xiaolong had just broken through to early Third Order Heavenly God Realm.

He then looked at the second forty-million-years-old medicinal herb, a dazzling golden fruit about the size of two fists combined. The golden fruit’s shape was slightly strange, like the silhouette of an ancient divine beast.

Without thinking too much about it, the golden fruit also flew into Huang Xiaolong’s mouth.

All of a sudden, his body quivered, streaks of golden lightning zig-zagged around his body. The golden fruit actually contained a violent lightning force.

Huang Xiaolong hurried to focus his attention, circulating his godforce to withstand that lightning force.

As for the little cow, Huang Xiaolong knew he need not worry about it. He was certain that it definitely chose a comfortable corner in the hall, crunching on godheads.

As expected, while Huang Xiaolong was refining those forty-million-years-old herbs, the little cow had started crunching on a pile of Heavenly God Realm godheads. Whether they were of the lightning element, fire element, water element, or others, it mattered not to the little cow.

Time quickly passed.

One person and one cow stayed inside the Zhenyu Sect’s treasury hall, cultivating night and day.

By the time Huang Xiaolong finished refining his fourth medicinal herb, his cultivation had risen to mid-Third Order Heavenly God Realm.

This once again accelerated Huang Xiaolong’s refining speed.

Half a year later, the dozen forty-million-years-old medicinal herbs were all refined by Huang Xiaolong.

After refining the last of them, he opened his eyes, a strong momentum sweeping out like a hurricane.

Late-Third Heavenly God Realm!

This was Huang Xiaolong’s current cultivation! Space shook when he stood up.

Counting the days, it was almost time to head back to the Barbarian God Sect.

Huang Xiaolong once again stood in front of the steel wall, making another attempt. Circulating all of his godforce, Huang Xiaolong pushed at the wall, but the result was the same. The steel wall remained immovable.

Huang Xiaolong shook his head, looks like he had to be at least be a Seventh Order Heavenly God if he wanted to enter the inner hall.

“I wonder how that little cow is doing.” Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself.