Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The two large frost coffins on the altar exceeded sixty meters in width and ten meters in length. Fire talismans were stuck on both coffins, several hundred of them densely covering the entire surface of each coffin.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes glimmered with curiosity. He lightly leaped onto the altar and carefully approached the two large frost coffins.

Sensing the faint yet terrifying ice element force seeping out from them, Huang Xiaolong moved closer. ‘Could it be that these two coffins contain the Green Ice Hail Devil’s ancestor?’

Huang Xiaolong stood in front of one of the frost coffins with shining eyes, peeling off one of the fire talismans.

The instant that talisman left the coffin, an overwhelming wave of fire surged toward Huang Xiaolong.

Startled, he immediately circulated his own supreme fire element godforce to form a protective barrier before the wave of fire reached him, but even so, the heat coming from the fire still encroached to the other side of the barrier.

The average mid-level Heavenly God’s body would have already melted under this heatwave.

After the fire dissipated, Huang Xiaolong observed the other fire talismans on the coffin, subsequently peeling them off one by one.

As the number of fire talismans on the coffin reduced, the ice element force seeping out grew increasingly stronger, and the coffin began to glow green.

When Huang Xiaolong had peeled off all the talismans from that frost coffin, clouds of frigid cold energy flowed out, spreading over the altar.

Green-colored ice began forming on the altar, extending to the floor, walls, and further. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Outside the hall, the crowd of Green Ice Hail Devils let out shrill shrieks of unease, backing away in apprehension when they saw the spreading green-colored ice.

Whereas Huang Xiaolong who was still standing on the altar, even with his True Divine Dragon Physique and supreme fire element godforce protecting his body, he felt a distinctive coldness penetrating his body, his bones, even his soul.

Right at this time, his three supreme godheads emitted a radiant light, even the Godly Mt. Xumi inside his body was releasing a bright golden luminance.

The frigid energy around Huang Xiaolong quickly dispersed, but even so, his back was covered in cold sweat.

On the other hand, he was surprised to discover that the Godly Mt. Xumi’s golden luminance could disperse the frigid coldness coming from the green ice. Ever since he had ascended, the Godly Mt. Xumi seemed to have lost many of its advantages, in fact, he had only been using it to store spiritual veins. Never had it crossed Huang Xiaolong’s mind that it could protect him on its own.

‘It looks like I need to ask Xiaoniū about this Godly Mt. Xumi’s origin when I return.’ Huang Xiaolong made a mental note.

When he was still in the lower realm, it was said the Godly Mt. Xumi was a legendary treasure from the Buddha World, but whether this was true or false, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t be certain.

He also thought of the other treasures in the same list as the Godly Mt. Xumi such as the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, the Absolute Soul Pearl, God Binding Ring, and others. Their origin should be made clear if possible.

After the frigid cold energy was expelled from his body, Huang Xiaolong stood in the air above the coffin, but he dared not get too close. He stood thirty to forty meters away before opening the coffin cover that weighed several tens of thousands of catties with a strike of his palm. A loud boom rang in the hall when the coffin cover flew up and hit the floor.

The force of the impact caused the whole altar to quake violently for some time before stopping.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the coffin that emitted a dense cloud of green cold energy which took a few minutes to dissipate, revealing the body of an enormous Green Ice Hail Devil inside.

The average Green Ice Hail Devil reached ten meters in height, but the one inside the frost coffin actually exceeded twenty meters! Moreover, Huang Xiaolong noticed there was blood flowing through its veins!

Not only blood, it also had bones, flesh, and internal organs! It even had hair, just like a human! Although it was no longer breathing, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t even estimate how long the Green Ice Hail Devil had been dead or sealed.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes widened in surprise, then we’re filled with delight.

From the Barbarian God Sect’s library records, Huang Xiaolong knew that only Green Ice Hail Devils that had reached Ancient God Realm could have a human body, forming flesh, blood, and internal organs.

In short, this was the corpse of an Ancient God Realm Green Ice Hail Devil!

To others, this corpse was useless, but to Huang Xiaolong, it was good stuff ah!

He was well versed in the Ancient Puppetry Art and the Soul Mandate!

He could use the combination of these two techniques to refine the corpse into a puppet!

A while later, Huang Xiaolong suppressed the excitement in his heart and turned his attention to the remaining coffin. Since the first one contained an Ancient God Realm Green Ice Hail Devil, the other coffin should also have one!

However, he wasn’t in a hurry to open the other coffin.

Right now, just the frigid coldness exuded from a single Ancient God Realm Green Ice Hail Devil was already this horrifying. If he opened the other one as well, Huang Xiaolong was afraid he wouldn’t be able to fend off the penetrating coldness even with his three supreme godheads and Godly Mt. Xumi.

He then took a deep breath and circulated his godforce, chanting the Ancient Puppetry Art incantation as he condensed his soul force into a powerful soul mark.

Gradually, the purple glow in Huang Xiaolong’s pupils grew stronger and brighter, turning into an ancient soul symbol that disappeared between the Green Ice Hail Devil’s brows, marking its godhead. All of a sudden, a powerful divine might repelled Huang Xiaolong’s soul mark.

Alarmed, he pushed his godforce to the extreme, intensifying the strength of his soul force.

This process repeated again and again. One minute, ten minutes, one hour passed...

The divine might resembled an indomitable ancient mountain blocking the advance of Huang Xiaolong’s soul mark.

Two hours later, his soul force completely depleted, forcing him to stop his attempt, which caused him to look pale for once. The sound of his panting echoed through the hall.

‘His mother, I didn’t expect a mere remnant of an Ancient God Realm master’s divine might would be so immovable even after death!’ Huang Xiaolong began cursing inwardly to vent his frustration.

What to do? Give up just like this? He was unwilling to give up just like this.

He then quickly swallowed several healing divine pellets. Half an hour later, after his soul force recovered, Huang Xiaolong gritted his teeth and began another arduous battle against the divine might protecting the Green Ice Hail Devil corpse’s godhead.

Two hours later, Huang Xiaolong depleted his soul force again. Heal and attack, heal and attack, he did this many times over until a day had passed.

Huang Xiaolong had no choice but to stop for the night. After a day, he understood it was impossible to break through the protective layer of divine might around the godhead with his current soul force strength.

Even if he persisted for another week, the result would be the same. This fact made Huang Xiaolong frown in slight displeasure.

‘It seems I need to breakthrough to Fourth Order Heavenly God Realm before trying again.’ Huang Xiaolong mumbled under his breath. His cultivation was at peak late-Third Order Heavenly God Realm, but once he advanced to Fourth Order, crossing the line to the mid-level Heavenly God Realm, his soul force would become ten times stronger, maybe more.

At that time, his chance of breaking through the barrier of divine might would definitely rise.

Even though it would waste a lot of his time to attempt a breakthrough now, affecting his result in the joint training, he didn’t care about it at this point.