Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

He had finally broken through!

At last, Huang Xiaolong’s soul force shattered that persistent remnant of divine might, causing a triumphant expression to brighten his face.

Immediately, his soul mark fell onto the godhead, melting into the Green Ice Hail Devil’s godsea. When his soul force completely integrated with its godsea, Huang Xiaolong breathed out in relief.

Following that, the Ancient God Realm Green Ice Hail Devil corpse quietly lying in the frost coffin slowly sat up, this simple movement already caused the solid altar beneath to shake. At the same time, the green frigid cold energy in the hall intensified.

“Bing Jiuyi greets Master.” The first Ancient God Realm Green Ice Hail Devil climbed out from the coffin and knelt down in salute before Huang Xiaolong.

Bing Jiuyi was the name of this Green Ice Hail Devil before his death.

With the combination of Huang Xiaolong’s Ancient Puppetry Art and Soul Mandate, the puppets he refined were different from the common dull ones, retaining a certain level of intelligence. Moreover, earlier, Huang Xiaolong had gathered the remnant of scattered will of the Green Ice Hail Devil and integrated it into the puppet’s godsea, which was why this Green Ice Hail Devil puppet also retained some memories of its life.

Despite kneeling in salute before Huang Xiaolong, the Green Ice Hail Devil was many times bigger than him.

“Bing Jiuyi.” Huang Xiaolong nodded, allowing him to stand.

All Green Ice Hail Devils shared the common surname of Bing. [1]

Bing Jiuyi respectfully complied and got up in his feet, standing tall behind Huang Xiaolong, a steadfast figure akin to an immovable ice hill.

The disadvantage was that, although the Green Ice Hail Devil was an Ancient God Realm master, he was unable to expand or shrink his body at will. Huang Xiaolong also had no solution for this.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the remaining second coffin. From Bing Jiuyi’s memories, sealed inside this second frost coffin was his life companion’s corpse, a female, which was also an Ancient God Realm master.

At the time of their deaths, Bing Jiuyi was a mid-Second Order Ancient God Realm, whereas his companion’s cultivation was at early First Order Ancient God Realm.

Huang Xiaolong raised his palm toward the frost coffin, peeling off the fire talismans sealing it one by one.

Just like the first coffin, as the number of fire talismans reduced, the frigid cold energy seeping out from increased, causing the temperature in the hall to plummet.

Although Huang Xiaolong had broken through to Fourth Order Heavenly God Realm and his strength was vastly different compared to a couple months ago, he dared not proceed carelessly. Circulating the godforce in his three supreme godheads, his supreme fire element godforce formed a thick barrier around himself.

At this time, the Green Ice Hail Devil Bing Jiuyi behind him moved his hand to flip the coffin cover before Huang Xiaolong. The coffin cover flew high in the air before falling on the altar.

Huang Xiaolong leaped up, standing in the air above the opened coffin.

Through the veil of green frigid energy, he saw the female Green Ice Hail Devil. She had long lean limbs, firm breasts, and a pretty face with her long hair fluttering slightly. According to human aesthetic standards, this female Ice Hail Devil could be considered a rare beauty.

Following the same method he used with Bing Jiuyi, Huang Xiaolong combined the Ancient Puppetry Art and Soul Mandate techniques, forming a powerful soul mark that entered the female Green Ice Hail Devil’s mind through her forehead. As expected, her remnant divine might formed a protective barrier over her godhead, resisting Huang Xiaolong’s encroachment. However, the strength of her divine might was far weaker than Bing Jiuyi’s.

After two hours of attacking, Huang Xiaolong successfully broke through the remnant divine might, allowing his soul mark to land on her godhead and integrate into her godsea.

The female Green Ice Hail Devil’s name was Bing Xingying. Both she and Bing Jiuyi were the ancestors of all the Green Ice Hail Devils inside this space.

However, the memories they retained were just too little, there wasn’t much Huang Xiaolong could learn from them. After combining the information he found in both of their memories, Huang Xiaolong found out that in a certain place under this frost city was something called Blue Jade Heart Elixir.

Huang Xiaolong had read about elixir, which was an extremely rare spiritual liquid of the Divine World that could nurture one’s soul and flesh, enhancing their soul force and vitality in the long term.

Moreover, the Blue Jade Heart Elixir was an essential ingredient in refining the Jade Heart Divine Pill that could only be refined by an Ancient God Realm master.

At Huang Xiaolong’s instructions, the two Ancient God Realm Green Ice Hail Devil puppets tore through the frost city’s underground formation before the three figures disappeared beneath the ground.

The underground space was roughly several hundred square meters, with thousands of stalagmites of varying lengths and sizes. There were shorter ones about one or two meters in length to some reaching a dozen meters.

Fist-sized drops of liquid occasionally flowed to a different place under the layer of ice, emitting a mesmerizing glow.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes lit up at this wonderful sight, knowing that this was the said Blue Jade Heart Elixir.

What he did not expect was the vast quantity of elixir inside this underground space. This space had five to six hundred stalactites, and if he were to count the drops, there were at least a hundred thousand of them.

The average market price for a single drop of Blue Jade Heart Elixir ranged from one to five million depending on the elixir’s purity. The higher the purity, the higher the price. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

A while later, Huang Xiaolong stopped dallying, taking out empty jade bottles to collect this Blue Jade Heart Elixir. However, he did not need to do anything himself, leaving the work to the two puppets, Bing Jiuyi, and Bing Xingying. The two powerhouses directly waved the layer of blue ice into the air and Huang Xiaolong collected the elixir that flew over.

Half an hour later, every last drop of Blue Jade Heart Elixir was taken away by Huang Xiaolong. After the task was complete, the three of them exited the underground space, arriving back on the surface.

‘There are still five days until the joint training ends, looks like I still have some time left to collect more Crimson Flame Beads.’ Huang Xiaolong thought to himself. If he could make the best use of these remaining five days before the training ended, he still had hope of snatching the first place.

However, Bing Jiuyi and Bing Xingying following behind him would attract too much unwanted attention, hence, after they returned to the surface, Huang Xiaolong sent the two puppets into the Godly Mt. Xumi. When it was convenient, he would let them out.

Huang Xiaolong flew high into the air. Extending his supreme fire element godforce, all the Crimson Flame Beads within ten thousand li appeared in his mind.

After advancing to Fourth Order Heavenly God Realm, his power of perception had significantly increased. Huang Xiaolong quickly determined his targets, choosing several frost cities.

Crimson Flame Beads were concentrated in these frost cities, which made them easier to find.

Furthermore, in every frost city, Huang Xiaolong merely had to wait while Bing Jiuyi and Bing Xingying searched for the Crimson Flame Beads. When the two of them slightly released their auras, all the Green Ice Hail Devils would fall to their knees in fear in less than a second.

Occasionally, Huang Xiaolong would come across other disciples from the three sects, some of which tried to besiege him. Toward these disciples, Huang Xiaolong showed no mercy, directly exterminating them, not forgetting to collect all the Crimson Flame Beads from their bodies.

Even so, he didn’t come across the Elephant Genesis Sect’s Zhao Wuya.

In the blink of an eye, the remaining five days came to an end.

At last, the curtain drew on the three sects’ inner disciples joint training.

Huang Xiaolong and the surviving disciples were sent out from the Ice Hail Ruins space, arriving back to the Windless Mountain Range.

When the Elephant Genesis Sect Chief Pan Jue saw Zhao Wuya, he quickly called him over, asking for the result.

Zhao Wuya replied with a bright smile, “Replying to Sect Chief, this disciple did not disappoint. This time, disciple managed to collect 18,165 Crimson Flame Beads.”

1. ‘Bing’ means ice