Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Huang Xiaolong’s face paled. He gathered his strength and shouted lowly as his hands grabbed the little cow and the Fortune Gate female disciple Cheng Susu, escaping in a whizz. If they didn’t run now, only death would be waiting for them when other Soul Tribe experts arrived!

Although he was someone with three supreme godheads, considered almost immortal, that didn’t mean he couldn’t actually die.

Run, run, RUN!

Huang Xiaolong circulated his godforce to the extreme as their lives depended on it. There was only one thought in his mind—run!

The Soul Tribe Young Lord Hun Dishan was shocked that his attack was blocked by Xie Du, Xie Tu, and Bing Jiuyi. He looked up only to find Huang Xiaolong’s group of three attempting to flee, causing him to roar in fury, “Go to hell!”

“Soul Cave Light Wave!” Rolling black clouds gathered above Hun Dishan’s head.

In the next moment, his eyes glowed akin to primordial divine lamps that light up the dark sky, causing two beams of horrifying light shot out.

Right behind the two beams of light was an enormous black hole that destroyed all in its path, devouring everything. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Blasts thundered endlessly in the night.

When a Soul Tribe member’s cultivation reached the Ancient God Realm, their soul force attack would evolve into a corporeal entity that also increased their attack power.

The horrifying black hole chased after Huang Xiaolong with unimaginable speed, closing in on his fleeing group in the blink of an eye.

Hun Dishan watched this scene with a chilling expression, exuding killing intent. That black-haired young man actually went to the lower floor of his secret chamber and rescued that Fortune Gate female disciple... then, was the treasury key hidden in the lower floor also stolen by that bastard?

Therefore, no matter what, he had to die!

However, just as the horrifying black hole closed in on Huang Xiaolong, Xie Tu, Xie Du, and Bing Jiuyi appeared again out of nowhere. Roaring to the sky, their bodies expanded as six giant palms struck the black hole.

A heaven-shaking explosion lit up the night sky in a huge fireball. Xie Du, Xie Tu, and Bing Jiuyi’s figures were knocked out from the fireball.

Though the three of them joined up against Hun Dishan, he was still a mid-Third Order Ancient God Realm master, the gap between them was too big. Then again, Hun Dishan stilled staggered several steps back.

Although Xie Du, Xie Tu, and Bing Jiuyi managed to block that horrifying black hole, the shockwave energy still swept out toward Huang Xiaolong’s group. Their backs were struck, knocking them far off into the distance.

Blood gushed up their throats, trickling down the corners of their mouths.

But there was no time to wipe off the blood, it was more important to run as far as possible.

Cheng Susu fared better, after all, she had the strength of a late-Second Order Ancient God Realm. Even though she suffered some injuries during the time she was imprisoned by Hun Dishan, her situation was still better than Huang Xiaolong and the little cow’s.

The space around Cheng Susu suddenly warped as a bright light burst out from her body, shrouding Huang Xiaolong and the little cow. In an instant, the three of them teleported.

This was one of the Fortune Gate’s high grade techniques, enabling the user to teleport with a small group of people at one time. The downside was that it depleted a lot of godforce.

Cheng Susu, Huang Xiaolong, and the little cow teleported six consecutive times, finally stopping somewhere above the sea.

Six times was Cheng Susu’s limit, her face was completely white from exhaustion.

However, they could hear the sound of whistling wind behind them, followed by an overbearing aura that locked onto them like a noose around their necks.

Hun Dishan had caught up!

Cheng Susu fell into despair. She did not think Hun Dishan would still catch up to them in such a short time after six consecutive teleportations.

Were they really going to die here?

Regret washed over her, she shouldn’t have defied her Master’s words and ran to the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield alone.

Caught off guard, Cheng Susu was pulled along by Huang Xiaolong as he continued to fly.

Watching Hun Dishan closing in on them with his fist swinging, Cheng Susu suddenly felt her body lighten as if she had entered another space. Hun Dishan’s fist fell on empty air.

‘What’s going on?’ Cheng Susu felt uneasy as she looked around and saw Huang Xiaolong and the little cow was panting heavily at the side. There was a pentagon-shaped light barrier shielding them. It was also this barrier that blocked Hun Dishan’s attack earlier.

"This... is an ancient divine formation?!”

Sensing the ripples of power from the pentagon-shaped light barrier, Cheng Susu was shocked yet happy at the same time.

This ancient divine formation was no doubt arranged by Huang Xiaolong and the little cow.

“Hmph, this is the ancient Five-Corner Illusion Annihilation Formation?” Hun Dishan’s eyes narrowed, waves of shock was hitting his heart.

He didn’t expect the trespassers to know how to lay out an ancient divine formation. Not even their Soul Tribe’s Ancestor knew how to lay out this particular formation.

“Punk, I‘ve changed my mind. I will capture you first and get the method to use this formation before slowly killing you.” Hun Dishan stood in front of the light barrier in a flicker and landed a punch on the barrier surface.

“I want to see how many attacks this Five-Corner Illusion Annihilation Formation can take!”

Just as Hun Dishan’s fist force landed, the light barrier suddenly expanded. A frightening suction force pulled Hun Dishan inside.

Following that, bright lights flickered above the sea surface as it swallowed Hun Dishan.

Whereas Huang Xiaolong, the little cow, Cheng Susu appeared outside the barrier.

Looking at Hun Dishan who was trapped inside the Five-Corner Illusion Annihilation Formation, the little cow snorted coldly, “Who told you this is the ancient Five-Corner Annihilation Formation? Would something this great cow arranged be told at garbage prices?”

Hun Dishan was completely alarmed. His fists attacked the surrounding light barrier.

Xie Du, Xie Tu, and Bing Jiuyi appeared behind Huang Xiaolong.

“How long can we keep this person here?’ Huang Xiaolong asked.

The little cow thought for a moment, “If Xie Du’s group of three can remain to feed energy to the formation, probably three hours.

Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath, meaning to say he only had three hours. His main aim was to enter the Soul Tribe and find the Nether Spirit Bead!

Without delay, Huang Xiaolong turned and flew back to the Soul Islands while the little cow and Cheng Susu would wait for Huang Xiaolong up ahead.

When three hours were up, whether Huang Xiaolong found the Nether Spirit Bead or not, he needed to rush back.

He then left in a streak of light.

Xie Du, Xie Tu, and Bing Jiuyi had entered the pentagon-shaped light barrier, which disappeared from the water in the next second.

This area of the sea regained its calmness and outsiders wouldn’t be able to guess that Hun Dishan was captured.

When the Soul Tribe experts flew past this area, none of them was able to discover the formation.

Slightly over an hour later, Huang Xiaolong made his way to the headquarters. He also altered his appearance to resemble Hun Dishan. After cultivating a breathing technique, Huang Xiaolong perfectly concealed his aura.

Only Hun Dishan knew that the treasury key was stolen by Huang Xiaolong, and he did not share the information.

Huang Xiaolong arrived at the Soul Tribe treasury at the back mountain, standing in front of the entrance. He took out the treasury key while remaining vigilant of his surroundings. The good news was that the six old monsters detected his presence but none attacked him.

Huang Xiaolong inserted the key into the keyhole and twisted; the Soul Tribe’s treasury had finally opened.