Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

This was how the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield got its name!

Huang Xiaolong finally connected the dots after hearing the little cow’s explanation.

“Since there is a sealed entrance leading to the Devil World at the heart of this Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, does that mean we can enter the Devil World that way as well?” Huang Xiaolong asked the first thought that crossed his mind.

The little cow snickered naughtily, exposing Huang Xiaolong’s little scheme, “I know what you are thinking, you want to go to the Devil World, right? We’ll talk about it after you can go to the deepest part of the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield.”

Huang Xiaolong shook his head while laughing at himself, it was as the little cow said. Even Ancient God Realm masters weren’t capable of entering the deeper parts of the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, while he, a mere Heavenly God Realm cultivator was dreaming of going to the Devil World through the sealed entrance?

Sitting atop the two Cloud Devouring Divine Beasts, Huang Xiaolong and the little cow continued flying forward.

The further in they went, the heavier the surrounding devil qi, death qi, and nefarious qi became.

To Ancient God Realm cultivators, these three types of qi were troublesome hindrances, but to Huang Xiaolong, they were precious supplements. His Archdevil Supreme Godhead devoured everything at a frenzied speed, becoming increasingly radiant. Huang Xiaolong could feel its excitement as it devoured.

As they continued to fly further in, a barrier made from purple lightning appeared around Xiaoniū. When the surroundings devil qi drew close, it was purified by the purple lightning before being absorbed by the little cow, whereas the death qi and nefarious qi were incinerated the instant they came in contact with the lightning.

From the two Cloud Devouring Divine Beasts’ fragmented memories, the Soul Tribe Young Lord had found them on one of the mainlands in the periphery of the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, a place called Yang Blood Mainland.

That was also Huang Xiaolong’s current destination.

The vastness of the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield was astounding, just on its edge were over twenty thousand continents and planets. A Tenth Order Ancient God Realm cultivator probably wouldn’t be able to see all of them even in ten thousand years.

The Blood Yang Mainland Huang Xiaolong was headed to would take a three to four months’ journey based on the speed of the Fifth Order Ancient God Realm Cloud Devouring Divine Beast.

“This Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield is really troublesome without transmission arrays.” Huang Xiaolong complaint dully.

The little cow replied, “There were some, but... those old transmission arrays were destroyed during the God and Devil War. Moreover, building a transmission array in the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield is extremely difficult.” The little cow then shook its head, adding, “There are magic beasts, ghouls, and evil spirits everywhere in this place, not even a hegemon force such as the Fortune Gate is capable of building transmission arrays here.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded, there were indeed a lot of magic beasts roaming around.

Although these magic beasts were also demonic beasts, there was a difference compared to the demonic beasts outside of the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield. The magic beasts here cultivated by absorbing devil qi, thus their nature was closer to a devil’s. Due to absorbing the devil qi here, their physical bodies were far more powerful and faster compared to the demonic beasts outside.

There were also just as many ghouls and evil spirits around.

The evil spirits were souls of Ancient God Realm masters who died here through the millions of millennia, while ghouls were the accumulation of dense death qi over a long period. Despite both of them possessing weak offensive abilities, they were hard to kill due to their lack of a physical body.

Right at this time, several black shadows lunged at Huang Xiaolong and the little cow from the front.

These scary black shadows were evil spirits roaming around the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, and this group’s strength was between First Order and Second Order Ancient God Realm.

Within the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, even in the less dangerous periphery, most of the magic beasts, ghouls, and evil spirits possessed Ancient God Realm strength. Only a small portion had Heavenly God Realm strength.

This group of evil spirits was meters away from Huang Xiaolong and the little cow when they burst into smoke under the two Cloud Devouring Divine Beasts’ paws.

Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead roared to life in an instant, absorbing the exploded energy into his body.

Radiant rays of light burst out from his Archdevil Supreme Godhead, causing his strength to soar.

To Huang Xiaolong’s delight, he noticed that these evil spirits’ energy was of higher quality compared to the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield’s devil qi, a precious supplement for him.

To him, this place was an ideal cultivation holy land.

The little cow also used the lightning force from its two golden horns to purify the evil spirits’ energy before absorbing it.

Half a month later.

After a Second Order Ancient God Realm ghoul enshrouded by death qi was ended by one of the Cloud Devouring Divine Beasts with the wave of a paw, Huang Xiaolong was quick to absorb all of its energy. All of a sudden, popping noises sounded from his body.

His aura rose to early Seventh Order Heavenly God Realm!

Huang Xiaolong suddenly punched at the air; fist force whistled through space, clearing a path several hundred li in length through the dense devil qi in front of them.

The devil qi was the biggest hindrance in the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield. A Tenth Order Ancient God Realm cultivator’s all-out desperate punch could barely travel a hundred li through a cloud of devil qi.

By this point, the little cow had grown numb watching Huang Xiaolong’s cultivating speed, not showing the slightest surprise at his breakthrough.

“Master, there’s a valley up ahead, why don’t we take a rest there?” The little cow suggested to Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong retrieved his fist, looking at the darkened surroundings. He then nodded in agreement, “Alright.

Although there was no sunlight, there was also night and day in the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, which were judged based on the visibility level through the dense devil qi. The surroundings were darker when night fell and became extremely cold, as if they had fallen into an eternal ice cave. But one thing baffling Huang Xiaolong was that, while the stars were visible in the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield’s night sky, there was no moon.

A few minutes later, Huang Xiaolong’s group descended on the said valley.

The valley fairly small, nestled between several mountain peaks, however, the death qi in the valley was so dense that it felt solid.

Both Huang Xiaolong and the little cow were shocked by this phenomenon. A brief moment of hesitation later, Huang Xiaolong decided to check it out.

As they ventured deeper inside, all they could see was incomplete bones and corpses, from human bones to magic beasts, even some belonging to ancient races such as the Giant Tribe, Buddhist-Demon Clan, and even corpses of sea tribe experts.

One thing in common was, none of these bones and corpses were complete.

Holes and crack lines ran across the valley walls, clearly caused by a powerful impact.

Even the little cow frowned looking at the environment.

Huang Xiaolong and Xiaoniū passed through the pile of bones, arriving at the other end of the valley where they found a giant magic beast’s corpse almost as big the Cloud Devouring Divine Beasts!

Crouching on the ground, the magic beast corpse exuded a powerful devil qi.

“Good Lord, this is a chaos spiritual beast, Black Baboon!” The little cow exclaimed, “The Black Baboon is a treasure from head to toe, especially its eyes which contain an innate metal spiritual fire. Looks like the humans and magic beasts we saw earlier were killed by it.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded. The humans, magic beasts, and sea tribe members they saw were probably hunting this Black Baboon. After killing all the pursuers, this Black Baboon also died here.

However, they were still at the edge of the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, why would a chaos spiritual beast appear here?F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com