Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The surroundings were just the same as ten years ago, with almost no changes.

Just as Huang Xiaolong’s group of three arrived, a demonic beast appeared in front of them in a blur. This was the demonic beast that Huang Xiaolong had subjugated in the past and ordered to guard the Ancestral Dragon Fruit, the Netherfire Sparrow.

“Master.” The Nether Fire Sparrow respectfully greeted.

Huang Xiaolong gave a soft ‘en’ then asked the Nether Fire Sparrow if anything had happened in the area in the last decade.

After confirming that no other person had wandered close to this place, Huang Xiaolong and the others moved to the center of the open space.

Huang Xiaolong and the little cow retreated to the side, letting the Black Baboon start breaking the ground at full force.

When it’s giant fist punched the ground with all its might, a resounding boom rang in the air as rays of bright light lit up the sky, followed by the noise of fissures opening on the ground.

A few minutes later, a large area of the ground collapsed and sunk in. Alarmed, everyone swiftly flew into the air.

Before their eyes, the pit grew larger, reaching a hundred meters outside of the Black Baboon’s attack area. It then spread to two hundred meters, three hundred meters, four hundred meters, one thousand meters...

When the ground stopped crumbling, the pit covered the entire open space, raising a thick veil of dust.

The dust settled roughly an hour later, after which the surroundings became calm and quiet.

Huang Xiaolong and the little cow looked down where the crumbled ground revealed a buried palace. Even though the palace structure was smaller than other palaces Huang Xiaolong had seen, there was an astonishing fire element spiritual energy coming from below. In the next second, Huang Xiaolong discovered that the entire palace was built from rare fire element divine wood and stones.

This reminded him of the Immortal Phoenix God Palace within the flaming fir primeval forest in the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield.

“Such a dense aura of the Ancestral Dragon, as expected, the Ancestral Dragon Fruit is below!” The little cow exclaimed with glee, its eyes shining brightly.

There was excitement in Huang Xiaolong’s voice as he shouted, “Come on, let’s go down!” He too was very familiar with the Ancestral Dragon’s aura.

Their group descended right in front of the palace doors.

“Blood Phoenix Divine Palace.”

Right above the large palace doors were four ancient characters written in demonic beast clan language.

Huang Xiaolong and the little cow were surprised, could this Blood Phoenix Divine Palace have been left behind by the same Blood Phoenix that had long ago formed this forest? Huang Xiaolong’s eyes glimmered as this thought flashed across his mind.

Their group only stopped for a brief moment at the doors, then entered without hesitation, arriving at the front hall.

Right at the center of the front hall stood a crimson furnace inscribed with a life-like carving of a blood Phoenix. Surrounding it were orderly placed herbs and other fire element ingredients between thirty to forty million years old.

Any of those medicinal herbs was enough to cause all Ancient God Realm masters to fight head to head for it in the outside world. But to Huang Xiaolong, these herbs could no longer play a vital role.

Walking forward, he then entered the inner hall. This was where the source of the Ancestral Dragon Fruit aura originated from.

After taking a step into the inner hall, a powerful wave of flames rushed out. Startled, Huang Xiaolong quickly circulated his godforce, creating an ice barrier in front of himself to block the dangerous flames.

A lightning barrier also enveloped the little cow, successfully avoiding the wave of flames.

At the center of the inner hall was actually a blood pool!

The blood seemed to merge with the fire, exuding an ancient divine phoenix aura. Its surface was brilliant red, resembling a ruby, flowing as if there was a current underneath.

“Phoenix blood!”

Huang Xiaolong hastened towards the pool, reaching it in a few quick steps.

A long time ago, he participated in the three sects’ joint training and won first place. One of the rewards was a drop of the ancient Phoenix’s blood, hence he immediately recognized that the blood indeed belonged to the ancient Blood Phoenix!

Standing beside the pool, waves of fire rose from its crimson surface, but Huang Xiaolong did not mind this heat, staring happily at the blood.

‘Such a big pool of ancient Phoenix blood, how many drops are there?!’

After refining this pool of blood, his True Divine Dragon Physique would definitely strengthen further, perhaps even evolve. This blood could greatly enhance Yao Chi’s physique as well.

The little cow was ecstatic looking at the big pool of ancient Phoenix blood, smacking its lips several times.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong removed his gaze from the blood pool and looked up. Floating above the inner hall was a fruit as tall as a man!

It was shaped like a spinning top about half a meter wide, translucent red. Flickering red light surrounded the fruit, and its core seemed to seal a primordial divine dragon. The Ancestral Dragon aura came precisely from this dragon within the fruit.

“Ancestral Dragon Fruit!”

Huang Xiaolong and the little cow cried out simultaneously.

The Ancestral Dragon Fruit was also known as the Fruit of Heaven and Earth! One of the top ten wondrous fruits of the universe.

Right below the floating Ancestral Dragon Fruit was a divine fire formation inscribed on the ground that consistently supplied fire spiritual energy to nurture the Ancestral Dragon Fruit above.

In a flicker, Huang Xiaolong was standing in the air at the same level as the fruit, taking a sniff at the Ancestral Dragon aura coming from it. Instantly, his pores opened, causing a comfortable feeling to fill Huang Xiaolong.

Merely breathing in the aura from the Ancestral Dragon Fruit already had this effect, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t even imagine the benefits he would get after refining the whole Fruit.

However, the fire element divine formation nurturing it couldn’t be underestimated, thus Huang Xiaolong ordered the Black Baboon to destroy it before he grabbed the fruit. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Holding the Ancestral Dragon Fruit in his hand, Huang Xiaolong who had the True Divine Dragon Physique and twin dragon martial spirits felt a feeling of closeness.

He then put the Ancestral Dragon Fruit into his Asura Ring before turning his attention back to the blood pool in contemplation. It was a little troublesome to take away the pool, for the fire element force within the was too overbearing, melting most of the common storage artifacts in an instant.

Huang Xiaolong took out various materials on the spot, using the fire element spirit stones available in the hall to forge an artifact that could store all the blood in the pool before putting it into his Asura Ring.

Stepping out from the inner hall, Huang Xiaolong picked up the Blood Phoenix Furnace, as well as all the materials found on the floor, then circled the two halls looking for anything he might have left behind before leaving the palace.

Before leaving, Huang Xiaolong laid out a formation to shield the palace away from sight. This Blood Phoenix Divine Palace was a good place for cultivation. He planned to have the Barbarian God Sect, Great Whale Sect, and Elephant Genesis Sect select suitable disciples to cultivate here.

Three days later, Huang Xiaolong’s group was back in the Barbarian God Sect.

However, Huang Xiaolong did not consume the Ancestral Dragon Fruit right now, deciding to leave it until he reached peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly God Realm in order to use it to break through into the Ancient God Realm.

A day after, the Great Whale Sect and Elephant Genesis Sect arrived at the Barbarian God Sect. The three sects held a brief discussion before setting off to the transmission array.

The Green Cloud Island’s five spots should be allocated through battle competitions between all the forces, the result of repeated advance and elimination, but Huang Xiaolong’s identity was special, he was naturally exempted from such troublesome matters.

As for the other four spots, they had been selected through a long process. Among these four disciples, one was from the Barbarian God Sect, one from the Great Whale Sect, and two from the Elephant Genesis Sect.