Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Excellent, excellent, excellent, hahaha!" Golden Brow Ancestor couldn’t stop laughing out loud. "It’s actually high grade emperor rank godhead, the Five Elements Godhead!"

High grade emperor rank godhead!

Like a thunderbolt in the clear sky, the square erupted in a furor of shock, disbelief, admiration, envy, and also hate!

Huang Xiaolong actually possessed the high grade emperor rank Five Elements Godhead!

Five Elements Godhead!

The Twin Cities Sect Chief Zhou Xuantong’s mind turned into paste.

Even the Dragon Origin Sect Chief Chen Ding was visibly astonished, his expression slightly ugly. He had thought Huang Xiaolong would maybe have a low grade emperor rank godhead, even a mid grade one that was ranked slightly higher than Zhou Xu’s, but it never occurred to him that Huang Xiaolong would actually have a high grade emperor rank godhead!

The Five Elements Godhead, ranked four hundred and fifty-eighth! Whereas Zhou Xu’s Violent Dragon Godhead was ranked eight hundred and sixty-two!

Even though both were emperor rank godheads, the gap between them was like night and day.

Myriad Flames Ancestor, Blood Knife Ancestor, and the rest were amazed, ’Five Elements Godhead!’ However, how could the Five Elements Godhead have wind element godforce within?

As if knowing their doubts, Golden Brow Ancestor chuckled, "Huang Xiaolong’s Five Elements Godhead is a little special, you all can come and take a look."

Blood Knife Ancestor was the first to step forward and inspect Huang Xiaolong’s godhead. He soon saw five enormous godheads floating in Huang Xiaolong’s mind.

The five godheads were divided into the five elements, each of them emitting a brilliant color.

However, Blood Knife Ancestor quickly discovered some peculiarities in Huang Xiaolong’s Five Elements Godhead. For instance, the water element godhead contained a startling frigid qi, and also a trace of darkness element force?

Also, in his wood element godhead was a strong wind element force!

This kind of situations could only be attributed to Huang Xiaolong’s heaven-defying fortuitous encounters that added wind and darkness element force in his Five Elements Godhead.

Myriad Flames Ancestor, Black Ice Ancestor, Sky Sword Ancestor, Lightning Hammer Ancestor, and the Fortune Gate Chief Zhu Yi couldn’t wait to inspect Huang Xiaolong’s godhead. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Myriad Flames Ancestor laughed heartily, "A variant Five Elements Godhead, good, good! Really good ah!" From now on, our Fortune Gate has added a genius disciple with a high grade emperor rank godhead to our ranks!"

Zhu Yi and others were also in a good mood, filled with smiles.

"This is truly unexpected ah, four emperor rank godhead genius disciples appeared in our Fortune Mainland’s All-Islands Great War this time, and Huang Xiaolong actually has high grade emperor rank Five Elements Godhead!" Zhu Yi laughed, adding, "Pass down my order, the entire Fortune Mainland will celebrate for one month!"

The entire Fortune Mainland would celebrate for a whole month!

This was unprecedented! Anyone could see how happy Zhu Yi was.

At this point, Golden Brow Ancestor turned to Huang Xiaolong with an amiable smile, asking, "Xiaolong ah, have you worshipped any Master?"

At this question, eyes were focused on Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong shook his head, "No."

The smile on Golden Brow Ancestor’s face deepened and said "You come from the Barbarian God Sect? Where is the Elder that accompanied you here?" His eyes swept over the square as he asked.

Huang Xiaolong looked at Lu Zhuo in the crowd, and nodded at him.

With his heart racing madly, Lu Zhuo stepped out from the crowd and walked up to the stage. His legs felt so weak that they were probably swaying left and right as he walked, quivering almost uncontrollably.

With much effort, Lu Zhuo finally went up the stage and knelt in salute to Golden Brow Ancestor, Fortune Gate Chief, and the others Ancestors on the stage. His voice was shaking so badly that it was almost intelligible, "B-Barbarian God Sect Lu Zhuo g-greets Fortune Gate Chief, and present Ancestors!"

Golden Brow Ancestor lightly lifted Lu Zhuo up with both hands, full of smiles as he looked at him, "No need to kneel, your Barbarian God Sect nurtured genius like Huang Xiaolong with a high grade emperor rank godhead, our entire Fortune Gate should be thanking you."

Lu Zhuo kept shaking his head, not daring to take any credit, for he knew very well that Huang Xiaolong’s abilities hadn’t been nurtured by their Barbarian God Sect.

At this moment, various forces’ experts were looking enviously at Lu Zhuo, Chen Ding and Zhou Xuantong.

Golden Brow Ancestor was the head of the Fortune Gate’s seven ancestors ah, since when did he smile so amiably at anyone?

"This time, Huang Xiaolong won the first place. Our Fortune Gate will heavily reward the Barbarian God Sect!" These words were said politely by Zhu Yi to Lu Zhuo.

Heavily reward!

Lu Zhuo’s heart was jumping with joy and he knelt down in thanks.

Zhu Yi nodded, a faint smile on his face as he had Lu Zhuo rise.

Following this, Golden Brow Ancestor and Fortune Gate Chief Zhu Yi left with the whistling winds. Before leaving, Zhu Yi specifically ordered Gong Fei to take good care of Huang Xiaolong. Gong Fei hurried to comply, inwardly feeling flustered.

In truth, even if Zhu Yi did not order it, he would have still arranged everything accordingly for Huang Xiaolong. Now, even if you gave him a hundred guts, he did not even dare to feel that Huang Xiaolong was ’unpleasant to the eyes’.

After the two had left, Gong Fei, Chang Yan, and two other Elders immediately announced the top ten ranking to the public.

Huang Xiaolong was ranked first.

Second was Dragon Origin Sect’s Zhou Xu, while third was Heavenly Dan Sect’s Luo Yunjie. At fourth place was Wu Qian’er of New Stone Gate, fifth place was Anyang Gate’s Guo Yuanhui, and in the sixth place was Twin Cities Sect’s Tan Lin. Luoshan Cult ’s Tao Ming was ranked seventh, in the eighth place was Dragon Origin Sect’s Chen Kai, then Sun Qiang from Zhijiang Sect, and lastly at tenth place was Hengwu Cult’s Zheng Guo!

After the top ten ranking results were announced, the crowd gasped and lamented, their gazes were all on Huang Xiaolong.

The All-Islands Great War had taken place over a hundred times before this. More often than not, the first place was dominated by Dragon Origin Sect’s disciples, causing this to become an unwritten rule. But this time, Huang Xiaolong broke this unwritten rule.

At this time, everyone remembered the three hundred billion bet Huang Xiaolong placed, and everyone’s emotions became complicated. At that time, all of them thought he was a fool.

But now...

"The top one thousand disciples, please assemble here tomorrow, I will lead everyone to the Fortune Gate’s great hall to worship the Ancestors,and receive your rewards." Gong Fei instructed.

"Let’s go." Seeing there was nothing else, Huang Xiaolong said to Lu Zhuo and Yao Chi, then turned to leave.

"Young warrior Huang!" Noticing that Huang Xiaolong turned to leave, Gong Fei hurried to chase up, showing Huang Xiaolong a pure and bright smile, as sunny as it could be.

But Huang Xiaolong didn’t spare him even a glance, directly leaving with Luo Zhuo, Yao Chi, and the others.

Gong Fei anxiously quickened his steps, calling out, "Young warrior Huang, Young warrior Huang!" He dared not block Huang Xiaolong’s path, however. In the end, he could only watch Huang Xiaolong leave with a bitter face.

The cultivators present on the square excitedly gave berth to Huang Xiaolong. Many of them showed reverent smiles, with obvious flattering intentions.

Leaving the square, Huang Xiaolong brought everyone to the gambling house where he previously placed the bet.

Tomorrow, he was going to enter the Fortune Gate, thus, Huang Xiaolong decided to take his winnings now and buy a residence so that Yao Chi and the others could settle down.

Through the crystal wall, Li Lu watched Huang Xiaolong’s leaving figure, softly breathing out in relief. Her eyes were filled with joy, but she inwardly grumbled, ’This guy, he always makes others worry for him!’

"High grade emperor rank, Five Elements Godhead?" Li Lu muttered. She knew that Huang Xiaolong’s godhead was definitely higher than high grade emperor rank. She was curious how it managed to escape Golden Brow Ancestor and others’ inspection.

At the same time, inside a luxurious residence in Fortune City, Zhu Feng was dumbfounded. He looked at Elder Lu Tai with disbelief, "First place... is Huang Xiaolong? Not Zhou Xu?!"

Elder Lu Tai had a wry smile on his face, "Yes, that Huang Xiaolong has a high grade emperor rank Five Elements Godhead, not high grade king rank!"