Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Zhou Xu, and Tan Lin were standing in the midst of Dragon Origin Sect and Twin Cities Sect’s groups of disciples, glaring venomously at Huang Xiaolong.

After some effort their Sects’ experts, Zhou Xu and Tan Lin’s injuries seemed to have healed judging merely from their appearance. As for their internal injuries, only the two of them knew whether they had healed or not. Other forces’ disciples looked at Huang Xiaolong with different expressions, but most of them were flattering, envy, and hateful looks.

Then again, even if these disciples were envious, none of them dared to show it in front of Huang Xiaolong.

"Senior Brother Huang!"

"Senior Brother Huang!"

"Big brother Huang!"

Unfamiliar disciples greeted Huang Xiaolong with flattering smiles, including disciples from Luoshan Island, Anyang Island, Heavenly Dan Island and other top ten islands.

Huang Xiaolong nodded to them without any loftiness.

"Elder Brother Huang!" A familiar lilting voice called out. Huang Xiaolong looked over his shoulder and saw the Golden Dragon Gate’s Hu Dan walking toward him full of smiles.

Seeing it was Hu Dan, Huang Xiaolong smiled in return.

"Elder brother Huang, I was shocked, you really won the first place!" Stopping in front of Huang Xiaolong, Hu Dan said, happiness shining from her eyes. "You’re so amazing! After we enter the Fortune Gate, can I come find you if someone’s causing trouble for me?"

Huang Xiaolong half-jokingly replied, "I’ll cover you in the future, who dares to trouble you?"

Hu Dan laughed happily, "That’s a deal!"

"Where are Song Chengli and Liu Zhuo?" Huang Xiaolong asked, "They went back?"

"No." Hu Dan shook her head, adding, "Ancestor and Gate Chief are still in Fortune City, they said they wanted to meet with you, but are afraid to trouble you." She looked curiously at Huang Xiaolong, trying to guess the relationship between him and her Ancestor and Sect Chief.

"Mn, I know. You tell them to find Lu Zhuo’s group, have them stay at the Myriad Gods Manor for the time being. After I breakthrough to the Ancient God Realm, I will return to Green Cloud Island with Lu Zhuo and the others, we can go back together at that time." Huang Xiaolong seriously said.

"Good." Hearing Huang Xiaolong’s suggestion, Hu Dan was overjoyed and nodded.

A while later, Gong Fei, Chang Yan, and two other Elders arrived. Gong Fei purposely passed in front of Huang Xiaolong, flashing a bright smile at him, greeting, "Young warrior Huang."

Regardless, Gong Fei was still a Fortune Gate Elder that held power, it wouldn’t be good for Huang Xiaolong to make him lose too much face in public, thus he lightly nodded at Gong Fei.

Watching Huang Xiaolong nod at him, Gong Fei felt flattered, and at the same time he inwardly breathed in relief.

The four Elders did not dally. A moment later, they led Huang Xiaolong and other top one thousand disciples to the Fortune Range Mountains through a transmission array. After stepping out from the transmission array, the group flew for a little over two hours just to reach the Fortune Gate’s front hall.

Upon arriving at the front hall, Gong Fei and the other Elders led the top one thousand disciples to collect their Fortune Gate robes and identity tokens. After all the disciples had changed into the new robes, the Fortune Gate ancestor worship ceremony took place.

After half an hour of complicated worship, the ceremony ended. At this time, Huang Xiaolong and the rest were officially recognized as Fortune Gate disciples!

Next was to hand out the rewards for this term’s All-Islands Great War!

According to ranking, rewards for the first place would be given out first!

"First place disciple, Barbarian God Sect’s Huang Xiaolong, please step up." Gong Fei spoke loudly.

Before the large crowd of disciples’ envious gazes, Huang Xiaolong stepped forward.

Gong Fei removed a spatial ring from a jade tray then turned to Huang Xiaolong with a big smile, saying, "Young warrior Huang, inside this spatial ring, other than ten chaos spiritual Blue Flaming Heart Fruits, there is one trillion shenbi, one hundred stalks of fifty-million-year-old medicinal herbs, one grade five spiritual vein, and a set of Ancient Divine Dragon Battle Armor." Gong Fei explained all the reward items inside the spatial ring to Huang Xiaolong.

In fact, Gong Fei was not required to inform Huang Xiaolong in details the first place rewards, he was only seizing the chance to show some goodwill to Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong nodded, then received the spatial ring from Gong Fei and put it away.

He had finally gotten the Blue Flaming Heart Fruits!

Following that, the four Fortune Gate Elders called Zhou Xu, Luo Yunjie, Tan Lin, Wu Qian’er, and the other top ten disciples, then the top one hundred, and distributed all the rewards.

As for disciples ranked after one hundred, Gong Fei instructed them to collect their rewards from the Fortune Range Mountains’ Deity Terrace Summit.

When these tasks were done, Gong Fei smiled and said, "Huang Xiaolong, Zhou Xu, Luo Yunjie, and Tan Lin. The four of you please come with me to the Fortune Divine Kingdom, Sect Chief and several Ancestors are waiting for you all."

The Fortune Gate’s Chief Zhu Yi and several Ancestors wanted to see them, their intentions clear.

Wu Qian’er, Guo Yuanhui, Tao Ming, and others looked at the four people with envy.

Soon, the four of them left the front hall with Gong Fei, flying toward the Fortune Divine Kingdom. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Although the Fortune Divine Kingdom was hidden somewhere in the Fortune Range Mountains, with Huang Xiaolong’s group speed, they still took half a day of flying before reaching the entrance.

From afar, they could see a tall and fat old man waiting for Huang Xiaolong’s group at the entrance.

When Gong Fei saw the fat old man, he quickened his pace forward and saluted, "Greetings, Grand Elder Li Chaosheng!"

Huang Xiaolong, Zhou Xu, Luo Yunjie, and Tan Lin were surprised and quickly stepped up to salute.

Li Chaosheng smiled amiably at the four disciples, "The four of you need not stand on ceremony. After the Ancestors accept you all as disciples, we would be brothers of the same generation. In the future, you can address me as Big brother Li, or simply use my name."

If Huang Xiaolong and the rest successfully become an Ancestor’s disciple, their status would be very high. According to Fortune Gate rules, Huang Xiaolong and the others would be equivalent to a Grand Elder.

Some exchange of words later, Li Chaosheng opened the restrictions over the entrance and led their group of four into the Fortune Divine Kingdom. Only then did Gong Fei leave. Although he was a Fortune Gate Elder, he did not have the qualification to enter the Divine Kingdom."

The moment Huang Xiaolong, Zhou Xu, Luo Yunjie, and Tan Lin stepped into the Fortune Divine Kingdom, they were bathed in pure spiritual energy, a comfortable sensation filling their hearts, all the way to their souls.

’No wonder this Fortune Divine Kingdom is the cultivation holy land that all the experts on the Fortune Mainland dream of!’ Huang Xiaolong sighed inwardly.

With the pure and rich spiritual energy in this place, even a pig could become a godly pig after staying here for a thousand years.

Leading in front, Li Chaosheng flew toward the center of the Divine Kingdom. Along the way, he told the four disciples some rules they need to adhere to while cultivating here; for instance, he told them about the restricted lands they couldn’t enter without permission.

After a day of flying through layers of mountain landscape, they finally arrived at the Thousand Spirit Mountain.

Looking at the mountain in front of them, Huang Xiaolong, Zhou Xu, Luo Yunjie, and Tan Lin were amazed.

Above the Thousand Spirit Mountain, rich spiritual energy condensed into layers of spiritual clouds. The springs on the mountain were akin to the milky way, weaving across the land. Various herbs were overgrown, emitting colorful soft halo. They could see palaces here and there, and spiritual beast galloping in herds.

"This is the Thousand Spirit Mountain, all of you will be cultivating in one of the palaces on this Thousand Spirit Mountain." Li Chaosheng said with a trace of envy.

Although he was a Grand Elder, he did not have the qualification to cultivate here.