Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In an instant, all heads turned, looking at the entrance where the three people were walking in.

Huang Xiaolong and all male disciples’ gazes fell on Li Lu.

She wore a snow white dress, just like she used to in the past, walking in elegantly like a fairy of the cold made. That alluring face of hers makes others fall into a spell.

Huang Xiaolong’s gaze then shifted to the stalwart young man at her side, with thick brows like swords and bright eyes, walking with majestic gait and an extraordinary air. No doubt, this was the current Fortune Gate’s Chief disciple, Wang Wei!

As if sensing Huang Xiaolong’s gaze, Wang Wei looked over in his direction. Despite Wang Wei’s calm gaze, Huang Xiaolong could feel the hostility in the depths of his eyes.

Huang Xiaolong found this strange, he didn’t remember having any grudge with this person.

"Greetings, Gate Chief! Greetings, several Ancestors!" Wang Wei, Li Lu, and Zhu Feng stood in front of the elders, then bowed slightly and saluted.

"Alright." Zhu Yi smiled.

Wang Wei and Zhu Fang retreated to the side, opposite of Huang Xiaolong, whereas Li Lu walked to Myriad Flames Ancestor and Black Ice Ancestor, greeting, "Li Lu’s greets Big Master and Second Master."

Myriad Flames and Black Ice had her rise as they smiled widely.

Li Lu straightened her back and walked away, but she did not go to Wang Wei and Zhu Feng’s side. Instead, she walked towards Huang Xiaolong. Their gazes met in the air.

Out of everyone’s expectations, Li Lu, who had never smiled before, suddenly blinked playfully at Huang Xiaolong, then her face slowly bloomed into a smile.

"You’re here?" Li Lu’s tone was extremely gentle.

Huang Xiaolong nodded, then he thought of one very important question. With a serious contemplative expression, "In the future, will I have to call you Senior Sister Li Lu?"

Li Lu was stunned for a second as she looked at the deadly serious expression on Huang Xiaolong’s face before bursting out laughing. A moment later, she said with a seriousness that matched Huang Xiaolong’s. "Of course, you are to call me Senior Sister Li Lu!"

Everyone in the hall was dazed looking at Li Lu’s laughing face.

"My ice goddess Li Lu has actually laughed!" A Grand Elder’s personal disciple muttered dazedly.

Wang Wei and Zhu Feng too were dazed looking at her face before their expressions changed, remembering something. Their gazes fell on Huang Xiaolong almost simultaneously.

Zhu Feng’s face was slightly warped. He didn’t understand before why Li Lu left the Fortune Divine Kingdom to personally watch the All-Islands Great War from beginning until the end. Now, however, he finally understood! It was him, Huang Xiaolong!

Obviously, Wang Wei also came to the same conclusion. Looking at Huang Xiaolong, he was even more hostile.

At this time, Golden Brow Ancestor, Myriad Flames Ancestor and others exchanged a glance. Golden Brow Ancestor looked at Huang Xiaolong, asking, "Xiaolong, you and Li Lu know each other?"

Huang Xiaolong nodded and answered, "Yes, Master. Li Lu and I both ascended from the lower realm, and when we were there, our families were old friends. The two of us know each other from childhood."

Everyone in the hall was dumbfounded.

What!? Huang Xiaolong and Li Lu had both ascended from the lower realm?

Also, their families were old friends and they knew each other since childhood?

Then, these two people’s relationship...? Wang Wei and Zhu Feng both thought of the same thing, childhood sweethearts!

Initially, seeing that Huang Xiaolong and Li Lu knew each other, Wang Wei and Zhu Feng thought they were only good friends, who would have thought these two were closer than that!

Wang Wei’s and Zhu Feng’s expression turned even uglier.

Zhu Yi, Golden Brow Ancestor, Myriad Flames Ancestor, and the others were astonished.

Golden Brow Ancestor laughed, "Unexpected ah, you two actually know each other since you were young, this is a good thing!"

Good thing? What exactly was good about it, Golden Brow Ancestor did not specify.

Myriad Flames Ancestor also joined in the laughter, "This indeed is a good thing."

Blood Knife Ancestor and the others also laughed happily, only Black Ice Ancestor was frowning.

Zhu Yi’s laugh was slightly forceful. Anyone could see that Huang Xiaolong and Li Lu’s relationship was extremely good, most likely having already crossed the line of friendship. However, it was no secret that his son Zhu Feng liked Li Lu. Not to mention the fact that he, Zhu Yi, also wished for her to be his daughter-in-law in the future.

Although laughter still echoed in the hall, Wang Wei and Zhu Feng didn’t feel like laughing. Earlier, Zhu Feng was still thinking of sending Huang Xiaolong a big gift after the apprenticeship ceremony ended, but now, he wanted nothing more than to crush that gift into dist.

Soon, the apprenticeship ceremony began.

Even though today’s ceremony was held for all four as they became disciples of the Fortune Gate Ancestors, Huang Xiaolong was the first place winner of the All-Islands Great War and he also possessed a high grade emperor rank godhead, thus his apprenticeship ceremony was conducted first.

After Huang Xiaolong worshipped Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor as Masters, it was Zhou Xu, Luo Yunjie, and Tan Lin’s turn.

Following that, it was the turn of the Grand Elders and the Fortune Mainland’s various forces’ Chiefs and Ancestors to convey their congratulations, presenting their gifts.

Dragon Origin Sect Chief Chen Ding and Twin Cities Sect Chief Zhou Xuantong also came bearing gifts for Huang Xiaolong, and they were all rare deep sea spiritual items, as well as five elements spiritual items.

Looking at Chen Ding and Zhou Xuantong’s gifts, Huang Xiaolong didn’t even cusp his hands in thanks, for he knew these two were merely acting for the sake of his Masters, Golden Brow and Blood Knife. Huang Xiaolong knew that, in their hearts, they were tearing him into a hundred pieces.

Surrounding the presents were banquet tables.

Although the front hall was big, the space inside could only accommodate three to four thousand seats. Therefore, only the Fortune Gate’s Grand Elders and the top ten islands’ rulers and ancestors were qualified to sit in the inner hall.

The outermost square was where various sects’ outstanding disciples sat.

The aromatic scent of wine filled the air and laughter sounded endlessly. Even Golden Brow Ancestor and Black Ice Ancestor who usually didn’t touch alcohol raised their cups again and again.

The banquet lasted until late at night before people began to disperse.

Huang Xiaolong, Li Lu, Wang Wei, Zhu Feng, Zhou Xu, Luo Yunjie, and Tan Lin, the seven of them, followed Zhu Yi, Golden Brow Ancestor and the other Ancestors back to the Fortune Divine Kingdom. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Back at the Thousand Spirit Mountain, Huang Xiaolong’s gaze followed Li Lu as she returned to the Brimming Snow Palace.

"Still looking? Your soul’s about to fly away." Blood Knife Ancestor teased Huang Xiaolong.

"Second Master..." Huang Xiaolong was slightly embarrassed.

Golden Brow chuckled, "Li Lu this girl has always been proud and cold, even Wang Wei and Zhu Feng never roused her interest. Now we know it was you kid she was keen on. You can rest assured, your Big Master and Second Master will support you. Even though your current strength cannot compare to Wang Wei or Zhu Feng, you must work hard in your cultivation, strive to breakthrough to the Ancestor God Realm as soon as possible."

"Yes, Big Master." Huang Xiaolong said, adding, "I plan to enter seclusion to breakthrough to the Ancient God Realm tomorrow."

Both Golden Brow and Blood Knife were happy at Huang Xiaolong’s words.

"How confident are you in breaking through to Ancient God Realm?" Golden Brow asked.

"Ninety percent." Huang Xiaolong nodded. Although he was a hundred percent sure, he answered ’ninety percent’ instead.

Hearing Huang Xiaolong confidently say he had a ninety percent chance of success, both Golden Brow and Blood Knife were ecstatic. Blood Knife laughed and said, "Good, how about this. Tomorrow, come to Master’s Spiritual Blood Pool. Your Second Master collected countless divine beasts’ blood essence and various chaos spiritual herbs to build this Spiritual Blood Pool! It can enhance your chances of breaking through to the Ancient God Realm!"