Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Cracks and fissures appeared on the ground surrounding the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace.

Watching this, Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor’s faces tightened anxiously.

"Move!" Golden Brow Ancestor barked. Instantly, golden rays of light burst out from his hand, cutting down. Zhu Yi, Blood Knife, Myriad Flames, Lightning Hammer, and Sky Sword all acted, so Black Ice Ancestor had no choice but to throw other thoughts to the side and help out.

With Golden Brow Ancestor and the others’ efforts, the lightning tribulation’s destructive force did not spread out further. However, terrifying lightning still rained down on the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace.

Li Lu’s face was as pale as it could be watching such terrifying tribulation lightning strike down again and again. Even a mid-level Ancient God Realm cultivator would be struck until there would be nothing left!

On the other hand, Wang Wei, Zhu Feng, Zhou Xu, and Tan Lin were close to jumping with delight.

’Huang Xiaolong, die, die for me! You dying is so damn right!’

There was a gleam of madness in Zhou Xu’s eyes.

The lightning tribulation went on for half an hour, yet showed no signs of ending. By now, both Golden Brow and Blood Knife’s faces were ashen.

The regular Ancient God Realm tribulation lightning lasted only a few seconds, but Huang Xiaolong’s still did not end after half an hour! What kind of tribulation lightning was this?!

"It is said that during the Chaos Era, when some peerless genius broke through to the Ancient God Realm, they attracted a kind of unique world-destroying tribulation lighting. Could it be that Huang Xiaolong’s tribulation is precisely of that kind?" Lightning Hammer Ancestor spoke, a deep frown between his brows.

"Oh, world-destroying tribulation lightning?" Black Ice Ancestor went on, "Now that you mention it, I remember now. However, according to old records, among those peerless geniuses from the Chaos Era who came across this kind of tribulation lightning, it was hard to find even one out of ten people that survived!"

There was lightness to Black Ice Ancestor’s tone, but Zhu Yi was frowning, "Is there any way to reduce this tribulation lightning’s force?"

Although he hoped his son Zhu Feng could be with Li Lu, Huang Xiaolong was a genius of their Fortune Gate with an emperor rank godhead, losing even one was a great loss to the Fortune Gate. He was unwilling to see this.

Sky Sword Ancestor shook his head, "If we interfere, it would only backfire, maybe it would cause the tribulation lightning to be even stronger. At that time, even we won’t be able to fully withdraw."

"Big Master, we don’t have any other way?" Li Lu harbored the last shred of hope as she asked Myriad Flames.

Myriad Flames Ancestor shook his head, "No."

Li Lu’s face became a shade paler.

As Golden Brow and Blood Knife remained anxious, another half an hour passed before the tribulation lightning stopped. The dark clouds above gradually dispersed, returning to a clear bright sky.

Everyone looked at the sky above the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace. Although the clouds dispersed, the tribulation lightning did not vanish, as if it was being held back by some force.

Everyone exchanged doubtful glances, what was happening here?

In the next moment, everyone saw the tribulation lightning covering the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace rumble as blue lights sparkled. The lightning in the air started to converge above the palace.

This situation continued for a long time until all the streaks of lightning formed a pool of lightning liquid, rippling beautifully.

’This...?!’

Needless to say, everyone watching was astonished, this was the first time they witnessed something like this.

There was someone that could actually turn lightning into liquid.

Huang Xiaolong! VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Everyone couldn’t help but look at Huang Xiaolong who was sitting at the center of the lightning liquid pool. At this time, all their secret sky-eye techniques were blocked by that liquid, rendering them unable to see the situation inside.

Black Ice Ancestor’s eyes glimmered, only she knew what she was thinking at this moment.

Everyone quietly stared at the rippling pool of lightning liquid below, not one person spoke. However, ten days had passed, yet there were no changes to the pool of lightning liquid.

When a month had passed without any changes, Black Ice Ancestor lost her patience, saying, "If this Huang Xiaolong hides inside for a hundred years, do we have to accompany him here?"

Zhu Yi solemnly asked, "What does Black Ice Ancestor suggests?"

"Split this lightning liquid and we can see what’s going on inside in a glance." Black Ice Ancestor replied.

Blood Knife was enraged, anyone could see that Huang Xiaolong had turned the lightning tribulation into liquid because it was beneficial to him. If this lightning liquid was split open, who could say that Huang Xiaolong would not suffer a backlash, the consequences were obvious.

Before Blood Knife could shout, Golden Brow snapped: "Ridiculous!" His golden brows moved without wind as an overwhelming pressure burst out from his body.

Everyone felt a suffocating pressure.

Black Ice’s heart stopped for a second, feebly arguing "I was just suggesting, Senior Brother Golden Brow need not take it seriously."

Golden Brow harrumphed coldly, but no longer pursue the matter.

Once again, everyone waited.

Soon, another month passed. Right at this time, the quiet lightning liquid suddenly emitted dazzling rays of light and it rippled rapidly.

Surprised, all eyes stared fixedly at the lightning liquid’s changes.

A few days later, the people waiting outside noticed that the pool of lightning liquid was now smaller and it continued to shrink as the days passed.

At one point, they could see the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace again.

When half a month went by, Huang Xiaolong who was seated inside the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace opened his mouth and sucked in the lightning liquid as if it were water. Following that, radiant light erupted through the roof of the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace like a volcano, bathing everything in a radiant light.

Zhou Xu, Tan Lin, and the others found the glaring light to be uncomfortable and closed their eyes.

Subsequently, Black Ice Ancestor and the other saw a giant primordial blue divine dragon fly to the skies, exuding boundless dragon might, disappearing into the void.

Heaven and earth seemed exceptionally quiet for a few seconds before a figure flew out from the Spiritual Blood Pool Palace below at a speed so fast that Zhou Xu, Tan Lin, Luo Yunjie, and even Li Lu could not capture.

In the blink of an eye, Huang Xiaolong was standing in front of everyone, and they were staring at Huang Xiaolong without blinking. Especially Wang Wei, Zhu Feng, Zhou Xu, and Tan Lin, they were looking intently at him.

"Greetings, Gate Chief Zhu Yi, Big Master, Second Master, and several Ancestors." Huang Xiaolong greeted.

All of a sudden, Blood Knife Ancestor laughed out loud, joy in his eyes, "Peak mid-Second Order Ancient God Realm! Good, kid! Very good, very good!!"

Recovering from his shock, Golden Brow Ancestor’s mouth also stretched into a smile.

Among the Ancestors, only Black Ice Ancestor couldn’t smile.

Shock was written over Wang Wei, Zhu Feng, Zhou Xu, Tan Lin and Luo Yunjie’s faces, they were filled with disbelief. Huang Xiaolong actually broke through to peak mid-Second Order Ancient God Realm in one go!

When Li Lu broek through to Ancient God Realm with Myriad Flames Ancestor and Black Ice Ancestor’s help, she only reached peak mid-First!

Li Lu finally laughed, happiness brimming in her eyes as she looked at Huang Xiaolong.

"You, how did you breakthrough to peak mid-Second Order Ancient God Realm?" Black Ice Ancestor couldn’t help demanding, making others looked at Huang Xiaolong again with inquiry.

"There’s no need to say if you don’t want to." Golden Brow Ancestor amiably said.

Huang Xiaolong nodded, "Disciple’s True Dragon Physique can absorb all kinds of energy, and at a faster rate than others. When I was attempting to breakthrough, I not only refined the Ancestral Dragon Fruit, but also absorbed almost all of the spiritual energy in Second Master’s spiritual blood pool. It was probably because of these reasons that disciple was able to advance to peak mid-Second Order Ancient God Realm."

Hearing Huang Xiaolong’s explanation, everyone turned to look at the spiritual blood pool. Only now did they realize its drastic changes.

Sensing the weak amount of energy inside the spiritual blood pool, mouths were agape, looking incredulous. Blood Knife Ancestor’s face twitched a few times.