Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

“I... I’d better not go in.” Looking at the Myriad Gods Manor, Li Lu’s feet stopped moving and she shook her head. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Knowing that she had worries in her heart, feeling awkward running into Yao Chi for example, Huang Xiaolong did not persuade her. Nodding his head at Li Lu, he said, “Alright then.”

Huang Xiaolong took out three jade bottles from his spatial ring, saying, “These are some divine pellets I got from an ancient master’s cultivation dwelling." Adding, “Take these and refine them when you get back.”

Inside these three jade bottles were ancient Golden Buddha Divine Pills that Huang Xiaolong found in the Ghost Buddha Depository during the All-Islands Great War.

Li Lu did not refuse; she took the three bottles and put them away into her spatial ring.

However, she didn’t pay much attention to these three divine pellets. After all, what kind of divine pellets did her Masters Myriad Flames and Black Ice Ancestor not have?

Seeing Li Lu nonchalantly put the three bottles into her spatial ring, he didn’t specifically explain to her what they contained, as she would know later.

Li Lu then turned and left. Hang Xiaolong stood in front of the Myriad Gods Manor, watching her figure disappear among the flow of people on the streets.

“Xiaolong!” Right at this time, a delighted voice called. In the next moment, Yao Chi opened the manor’s main doors and fluttered out with a bright smile.

Seeing Yao Chi, a smile formed over Huang Xiaolong’s face. “Little Huang brat, not bad ah, you’ve already advanced to peak mid-Second Order Ancient God Realm!” A lazy voice sounded behind Yao Chi. Huang Xiaolong looked at the doors and saw a cow walking out.

The golden-horned little cow!

Huang Xiaolong grinned, “You already broke through to the Ancient God Realm. Naturally, I cannot be left behind.” Seeing the little cow appear, it was no doubt it had successfully entered the Ancient God Realm.

However, even with Huang Xiaolong’s current cultivation realm, he was unable to see through the little cow’s actual strength.

Soon, Lu Zhuo, Zhu Huan, Ren Changhai, as well as Golden Dragon Gate’s Song Chengli and Liu Zhuo also walked out from the Myriad Gods Manor. Lu Zhuo was slightly calmer compared to Zhu Huan, Ren Changhai, and the rest who greeted Huang Xiaolong in a hurry.

Both Song Chengli and Liu Zhuo called Huang Xiaolong ’Master Ancestor’, shocking the others present.

Although Lu Zhuo and the others knew that Song Chengli and Liu Zhuo’s relationship with Huang Xiaolong wasn’t simple, Huang Xiaolong being their Master Ancestor was out of everyone’s imagination!

But, wasn’t Huang Xiaolong a Barbarian God Sect disciple? When did he become these two people’s Master Ancestor? Then again, Huang Xiaolong didn’t explain and no one dared to ask.

After entering the Myriad Gods Manor, everyone sat in the main hall. Huang Xiaolong came to know the situation over the last twelve months.

In truth, the days at the Myriad Gods Manor were quite peaceful. Yao Chi suddenly thought of something and said, “Xiaolong, in the last two days, there have been rumors flying around, claiming that you killed the Spirit Lake Cult’s Chen Weiping, Wang Haiyao, and seven other genius disciples!”

Huang Xiaolong was a little surprised. A frown creased his forehead then relaxed as he sneered. At the time he killed Chen Weiping, Wang Haiyao, and the other Spirit Lake Cult disciples, he certainly left no clues behind. No one could find out it was he who killed them, as there was no proof. Most likely there was someone deliberately releasing these rumors so the Spirit Lake Cult would target him. Even if the Spirit Lake Cult dared not harm him personally, the people around him would face troubles.

Dragon Origin Sect! Twin Cities Sect! These two forces had grudges with him and dared to do something like this!

“Master Ancestor, the party spreading this rumor definitely has poisonous intentions ah.” Song Chengli commented.

Huang Xiaolong casually waved his hand, saying, “It’s a small issue.” He then took out a spatial ring, saying to Zhu Huan, “Here’s a hundred billion. Take it and go find some rumor spreaders in the city. Have them say that Dragon Origin Sect and Twin Cities Sect are deliberately spreading such rumors when Chen Weiping, Wang Haiyao, and others were in fact killed by Dragon Origin Sect and Twin Cities Sect disciples!”

Zhu Huan respectfully complied and received the spatial ring.

The little cow guffawed, sounding like a sheep. “Xiaolong, I realize now that you’ve quite a lot of cunning tricks.”

Who on Fortune Mainland didn’t know that both Dragon Origin Sect and Twin Cities Sect had grudges with Huang Xiaolong? Now that he released another rumor, many would believe that the earlier news was the deliberate action of Dragon Origin Sect and Twin Cities Sect.

With the situation flipped, Spirit Lake Cult would be more inclined to believe that their disciples were killed by disciples of Dragon Origin Sect and Twin Cities Sect.

Huang Xiaolong smiled, “Tonight, we’ll celebrate Xiaoniū’s breakthrough to the Ancient God Realm, and tomorrow we’ll have some fun. The day after, we’ll return to Green Cloud Island!”

Everyone laughed happily.

With a hundred billion, those organizations indeed worked fast. The news that Huang Xiaolong wanted quickly spread at an even faster and even fiercer rate. In one day, all forces in Fortune City were talking about the same topic.

Within a certain luxurious residence in Fortune City, the Dragon Origin Sect and Twin Cities Sect experts who were previously laughing happily behind Huang Xiaolong’s back after spreading those rumors were now flipping table mad.

“This matter is definitely that Huang Xiaolong’s handiwork!” Dragon Origin Sect’s Hu Qi bellowed.

Although Hu Qi’s Divine Qilin Arms were destroyed by Huang Xiaolong, most of his injuries had completely healed after the efforts of Dragon Origin Sect’s experts. Due to Huang Xiaolong, his position in the All-Islands Great War fell out of the top one hundred, but a Fortune Gate Elder still accepted him as a personal disciple.

Every time Huang Xiaolong’s name was mentioned, hatred swirled in Hu Qi’s eyes. He could never forget the scene where his Divine Qilin Arms were crippled by Huang Xiaolong.

Twin Cities Sect’s Yang Liming was also shrouded in hatred, “There’s nothing I want more than to chop off that bastard’s flesh chunk by chunk!”

After having been defeated by Huang Xiaolong then forced to kneel in front of so many experts, there were still talks of him and Tan Lin kneeling to Huang Xiaolong even now

Shame! This was a shame he would never be able to forget!

Dragon Origin Sect’s Chen Kai frowned, “This Huang Xiaolong’s identity is no longer the same as it was in the past, he isn’t just a Barbarian God Sect disciple anymore. Both Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor highly value him, so we really don’t have a way to deal with him.”

Just like Hu Qi, Yang Liming had been accepted as a personal disciple by a Fortune Gate Elder, whereas Chen Kai, as one of the top ten, was now the disciple of a Grand Elder. His status in the Fortune Gate was quite high.

At this time, Ouyang Yunfei who was sitting in the lowest position smiled a flattering smile, saying, “Several Senior Brothers, we may not be able to deal with that Huang Xiaolong, but we can take the Golden Dragon Gate’s Hu Dan to vent some frustration. That Hu Dan is quite close to Huang Xiaolong, using her to vent is a kind of compensation!”

“Hu Dan?” Yang Liming hesitated, “If Huang Xiaolong learns about it later, what will we do?”

Ouyang Yunfei laughed, “If we don’t force her and just win her over normally, it won’t be too late to throw her aside once we’ve played enough. After all, both sides are willing. Even if Huang Xiaolong finds out about it, he can’t do anything to us. With several Senior Brothers’ extraordinary bearing and dashing looks, that Hu Dan will definitely be infatuated with you till she loses her soul!”

Yang Liming and Hu Qi laughed out loud hearing Ouyang Yunfei’s words. “Not bad, not bad! Ouyang Yunfei, your idea isn’t bad at all, we’ll act as you’ve said!”

Although Chen Kai didn’t think it was a good method, he did nothing to stop them.

On the third day, Huang Xiaolong, Yao Chi, Lu Zhuo, and the others left Fortune City, returning to Green Cloud Island. This time around, Huang Xiaolong opted for the transmission array, directly transferring to Huo Prefecture City.