Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the ever bustling Huo Prefecture City, Huang Xiaolong was inwardly amazed.

A year before, this place was the first Fortune Mainland City they stepped into after coming from Green Cloud Island to participate in the All-Islands Great War. Now, a year later, not only had he won first place, he was also accepted as Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor’s personal disciple.

On top of that, he had broken through to peak mid-Second Order Ancient God Realm!

“We’ll stay here in the Huo Prefecture City for a couple of days, then continue back.” Huang Xiaolong said as he was stepping out from the Huo Prefecture City transmission array.

Yao Chi was the happiest person hearing that.

Night gradually came. Huang Xiaolong was sitting cross-legged in a room of the courtyard they rented and took out a jade bottle from his Ghost Buddha Ring. Inside it was a Golden Buddha Pill refined by the Ghost Buddha Sect’s Chief Gui Fu.

Looking at the golden Buddha inside the jade bottle, Huang Xiaolong circulating his godforce and sucked the Golden Buddha Pill into his mouth.

The golden Buddha formed from pill qi struggled incessantly, but with Huang Xiaolong’s current strength combined with the restrictions placed over the jade bottle, even if the golden Buddha had the strength of Seventh Order Ancient God Realm, it would still be completely suppressed by Huang Xiaolong.

Vast Buddhism energy was immediately absorbed by Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads upon having the pill enter his body while purple grandmist aura flowed out from the purple dragon.

When Huang Xiaolong was breaking through to the Ancient God Realm, he had absorbed a large portion of the purple grandmist aura, thus the dragon had become visibly smaller.

As he continued to refine the Golden Buddha Pill’s energy and the purple grandmist aura, a faint fiery light glimmered where Huang Xiaolong’s heart was. Subsequently, metallic fire glowed in his lungs, while his liver glowed azure and his kidneys blue.

In the four groups of fire inside his body, the faint images of vermillion bird, white dragon, azure dragon, and black tortoise appeared. The four figures’ mouths opened and closed in breathing. From the void above, streams of gray energy rushed down, merging into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

’This...!’ Huang Xiaolong was overjoyed, ‘It’s the four divine fires!’

After ascending to the Divine World, the four divine fires had been in slumber in his body, without any movement, who would have thought they would actually awaken now.

Also, the gray chaos spiritual energy was much purer now compared to what he absorbed in the lower realm!

Huang Xiaolong could clearly feel his True Divine Dragon Physique actually becoming significantly stronger in a mere breath’s time after the gray energy merged into his flesh. It was as if the gray energy he absorbed in the lower realm was nothing but leftovers and this was the genuine chaos spiritual energy!

At the same time, Huang Xiaolong noticed that the chaos spiritual weapon in his body, the Devil Restraining Tablet, was emitting golden rays of chaos spiritual energy, tempering Huang Xiaolong’s True Divine Dragon Physique.

In the past, Huang Xiaolong felt that the Devil Restraining Tablet’s energy of high quality, but now, compared to the four divine fires’ chaos spiritual energy, the difference was astounding. It was akin to a low rank chaos grade spiritual weapon compared with a top rank one.

As the four divine fires absorbed chaos spiritual energy, Huang Xiaolong’s refining speed increased at a tremendous rate. The medicinal energy within the Golden Buddha Pill rushed into his body like a great flood, while the purple grandmist aura from the purple dragon was flowing into his three supreme godheads and body several times faster.

The night gradually cast the land in darkness.

When the sun slowly rose over the horizon, Huang Xiaolong stopped cultivating. He had completely refined the Golden Buddha Pill and felt as if his strength had risen considerably in one night.

Huang Xiaolong was delighted. The four divine fires had awakened, which had increased his cultivation speed. He could now quickly advance to high-level Ancient God Realm, then the Ancestor God Realm would be within his reach very soon!

If things kept progressing in the same manner, Huang Xiaolong could see himself advancing to late-Second Order Ancient God Realm in two months!

At this time, he extended his palm in front of him. Rolling spiritual energy appeared from the void, condensing into divine stones.

A short while later, there were piles of divine stones on the floor in front of Huang Xiaolong, all of them mid-fourth grade!

Fourth grade divine stones were considered quite good on the Vientiane World, extremely popular in the market. After he did a rough counting, he estimated that the number of fourth grade divine stones he could condense in a day could be exchanged to five to six hundred million shenbi, based on his current cultivation realm.

Five to six hundred shenbi a day was shocking. In a year, that was more than a hundred billion shenbi. More than a trillion in a decade!

But Huang Xiaolong shook his head a moment later. Now that he had broken through to the Ancient God Realm, the amount of energy he needed had grown far more terrifying. In a night, he could completely refine a divine pellet refined by a master like the Ghost Buddha Sect Chief, not to mention the four divine fires’ chaos spiritual energy and the purple grandmist aura dragon’s purple grandmist aura!

If these energies were converted into chaos spiritual pills, how many pellets would he need a day? That was why five to six hundred million a day wasn’t nearly enough ah!

Looks like he had to speed up the search for the chaos grade five-colored heaven refining stone, as well as the chaos spiritual liquids needed to repair the Pill Blending Tower.

After staying in Huo Prefecture City for a couple of days, Huang Xiaolong’s group continued onward.

This leg of the journey, Huang Xiaolong did not take the transmission array back to Green Cloud Island, instead choosing to fly toward Wu Island with Yao Chi and the others. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

At this point, Huang Xiaolong was more anxious to repair the Pill Blending Tower.

Wu Island was a short distance from Huo Prefecture City, their group flew for four days to reach their destination.

Wu Island had a large land surface, the size of several hundred Green Cloud Islands. Due to the existence of the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall on this island, it was renowned in the entire Vientiane World.

The four mainlands’ cultivators, including the sea tribes’ experts in Vientiane World, came to Wu Island to trade and purchase things.

The Infinite Circles Commerce Hall was one of the Divine World’s trading Giants, so the usually arrogant sea tribes’ experts were as tame as little kitties here.

Huang Xiaolong, Yao Chi and the others flew toward Wu Island City. Even from the air, they couldn’t see the other end of the island.

This Wu Island City took up more than half of the island’s area, it was also one of the biggest cities in the Vientiane World.

In the air and on the ground were experts from various forces, riding different kinds of divine beast mounts. This scene was similar in every corner.

Entering the Wu Island, one could see the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall’s enforcement disciples patrolling the streets.

Leading Yao Chi and the others, Huang Xiaolong went straight to the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall branch. However, when they reached the entrance and were about to walk in, they were blocked by a disciple standing guard at the door. The disciple pointed at Yao Chi, saying,"Our Infinite Circles Commerce Hall has a rule, those below the Ancient God Realm aren’t allowed to enter."

Huang Xiaolong frowned.

"Xiaolong, I can wait outside for you with Lu Zhuo." Yao Chi offered softly.

But right at this time, Huang Xiaolong saw a young man in a brocade robe, a Heavenly God Realm cultivator, walk out from the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall.

Huang Xiaolong pointed at that person and questioned the disciple on guard at the door, "What about him? Isn’t he a Heavenly God Realm strength disciple?"

The Infinite Circles Commerce Hall guard disciple answered without any embarrassment, "He’s from the Eternal Clan and is an exception!" Then, he looked at Huang Xiaolong, Yao Chi, and others’ attires, taunting, "You won’t be able to enjoy such treatment."

Huang Xiaolong wasn’t wearing his Fortune Gate disciple robe at the moment.