Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Ouyang Xun had barely finished his words when a figure flickered. In the next moment, everyone saw that there was a person hanging from Huang Xiaolong’s hand— it was Ouyang Xun!

Huang Xiaolong held Ouyang Xun up by his throat. Ouyang Xun’s face had turned red, more like a deep maroon; as if he was going to die of suffocation at any moment.Ouyang Bin and everyone on his side of the army were astonished. Especially, Ouyang Bin, Ouyang Jiang, and a few other Ouyang Family were particularly astonished as they were aware of Ouyang Xun’s strength. Even though Ouyang Xun’s cultivation was only at mid-Fifth Order Ancient God Realm, his real battle power was comparable to a late-Fifth Order Ancient God Realm.

Yet Ouyang Xun was captured by Huang Xiaolong and was being held by his neck. On top of that, Ouyang Xun looked utterly powerless to resist even in the slightest!

This!

In less than a year and half, Huang Xiaolong’s strength had reached such terrifying degree!

Even Ouyang Bin was not able to see through the movement technique that Huang Xiaolong had used earlier to capture Ouyang Xun.

"Huang Xiaolong, what do you want to do?" Ouyang Bin suppressed the shock in his heart and his expression darkened. "Release Ouyang Xun and I will let you leave unharmed!"

"Release him?" Huang Xiaolong smiled while he shook his head. He then slapped Ouyang Xun with his palms. Ouyang Xun howled in pain and soon after, to everyone’s horror, they saw that Ouyang Xun’s head was buried into his own stomach.

Ouyang Bin, Ouyang Jiang and Yao Yue were stupefied.

"You...killed him?!" Ouyang Bin’s face dropped.

There was no change in Huang Xiaolong’s expression, "I’ve already told you that all of you must die here!"

Ouyang Bin, Ouyang Jiang, Yao Yue, and experts on their side were outraged; but before they could utter a sound, an overpowering divine beast aura from ancient times surged from above, and within the next second, an enormous creature appeared behind Huang Xiaolong.

"This, this is a chaos spiritual beast?!" Ouyang Bin, Ouyang Jiang, Yao Yue, and the rest were flabbergasted.

The enormous creature that had appeared behind Huang Xiaolong was the top grade chaos spiritual beast Black Baboon. It was over thirty meters in length.

The moment Black Baboon appeared, it let out a roar. A burst of ferocity swept over Ouyang Bin and Yao Yue’s faces, rendering them to retreat in trepidation.

"Peak late-Seventh Order Ancient God Realm?!" Ouyang Bin’s face turned ashen, so did everyone else’s on his side of the army.

No wonder Huang Xiaolong seemed fearless, he had a peak late-Seventh Order Ancient God Realm chaos spiritual beast at his side!

"Huang Xiaolong, so you assume that a peak late-Seventh Order Ancient God Realm chaos spiritual beast would be able to kill all of us?" Ouyang Bin forcefully suppressed the waves of shock his heart. On the surface, his expression was solemn as he asked, "Did Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor give you this chaos spiritual beast in order to protect you? Even so, open your eyes. We have a great army of fifty thousand Heavenly God Realm disciples, killing you and flattening the Nefarious Devil Island is easier for us than you think. I’m giving you a last chance, leave now or don’t blame me for being rude!"

Despite his anger at Huang Xiaolong for killing Ouyang Xun in front of him, Ouyang Bin was still wary of the two people standing behind Huang Xiaolong. Therefore, he still made an effort to control his killing intent.

Huang Xiaolong did not say anything, but summoned Xie Li, Xie Xuan, and the rest of the Nefarious Devil puppets out.

As Xie Li, Xie Xuan, Xie Ying, and the other thirty-one Nefarious Devil Tribe’s Old Ancestors appeared. Air blasted endlessly through the surrounding space, as if these violent colliding currents were leaving this space warped. Ouyang Bin’s side felt as if great mountains were pressing down on their torsos.

Ouyang Bin, Yao Yue and others stared at Xie Li, Xie Xuan, Xie Ying, and other Nefarious Devils on Huang Xiaolong’s side. Ouyang Bin and Yao Yue’s minds started buzzing. Disbelief written all over their faces.

"How can this be?!"

"How does the Nefarious Devil Tribe have so manyhigh-level Ancient God Realm masters?!"

Ouyang Bin and Yao Yue both were Seventh Order Ancient God Realm masters, but they clearly felt the pressure coming from Xie Li, Xie Xuan, Xie Ying, and others. There were more than twenty Nefarious Devils stronger than them!

Especially Xie Li, the pressure coming from him was comparable to an Ancestor God Realm master! Ouyang Bin estimated that this Nefarious Devil’s strength was at late-Tenth Order Ancient God Realm. Maybe even peak late-Tenth Order Ancient God Realm?!

Not to forget, Xie Xuan and Xie Ying. They did not seem to be weaker than Xie Li. They were likely to be Tenth Order Ancient God Realm masters as well!

Three Tenth Order Ancient God Realm masters!

Fear crept within Ouyang Bin and Yao Yue’s hearts. If three Tenth Order Ancient God Realm masters wanted them to be dead, it was simply too easy.

Even though Ouyang Family and the Demon-Buddha Clan had led a great army of a hundred thousand, it was useless. A late-Tenth Order Ancient God Realm was close to an Ancestor God Realm existence and not some mere force that could be hindered by an army of a hundred thousand.

"Kill them!" Precisely at this moment, Huang Xiaolong ordered coldly.

"Yes, Master!" Xie Li, Xie Xuan, Xie Ying, and the other thirty-one Nefarious Devils answered respectfully.

What?! Master?! Ouyang Bin, Yao Yue and others’ minds felt like someone had hit them with a rod. These Nefarious Devil experts actually called Huang Xiaolong— Master!

However, they didn’t have time to think about that now as thirty-three Nefarious Devil pounced on them.

Ouyang Bin and Yao Yue watched Xie Li’s palm slamming down on them. By reflex, they attacked and dodged at the same time; however, before Ouyang Bin and Yao Yue moved, they were struck by Xie Li’s palm and both of them exploded in an instant. They didn’t even get a chance to scream.

Witnessing this dreadful sight, Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan experts and disciples were filled with dread, some even forgot to react.

Thirty-three Nefarious Devils rushed into the midst of Ouyang Family and the Demon-Buddha Clan experts, reaping lives like the Death God’s scythe. Everywhere they passed, Ouyang Family and the Demon-Buddha Clan’s experts died and blood rained on the ground. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The two forces’ great army disciples died in large numbers at once like hail on a snow storm.

The four big settlements’ Heads, Xie Sheng, Xie Luoxing, Xie Shan, and Xie Xiao led Nefarious Devil Tribe’s experts into Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan’s great army. As the army lost Ouyang Bin and Yao Yue’s orders, they were in a form of disarray, and crumbled quickly.

The killings continued. Screams, wails, anger, and howling were all that was heard from Nefarious Devil Island.

Corpses piled high on the island ground. Blood gathered into small rivers, flowing down to lower grounds.

"Don’t kill me, I am willing to submit!"

Less than half an hour later, there were Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan disciples defecting, begging for mercy, and it didn’t take long for more and more disciples to give up resistance. They knelt on their knees, begging Huang Xiaolong to spare them.

From the arrival of Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan’s great army until now, only one hour’s time had passed.

Wind blew, carrying the thick rusty scent of blood away from the Nefarious Devil Island.

Huang Xiaolong stood in front of the kneeling Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan’s people. He then ordered all the remaining Ancient God Realm masters to came out. Six terrified people trembled as they walked out to stand in front of Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong then ordered these six Ancient God Realm masters to lower their soul barriers and branded each of them with his soul mark. He then had Xie Li lead people to clean up the battlefield and the hills of corpses. In the end, he accepted the remaining forty-five thousands of Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan’s army.

All of Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan’s remaining forty-five thousand disciples were to be divided among the four big settlements.

However, Huang Xiaolong had discovered useful intel from searching Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan’s remaining Ancient God Realm masters’ memories. He had learnt that while Ouyang Bin and Demon-Buddha Clan were attacking Nefarious Devil Island, Ouyang Family Patriarch Ouyang Xuguang had led an army to attack Perennial Temple Island and Dralion Island.

Huang Xiaolong immediately left the Nefarious Island and rushed towards Dralion Island riding on the little cow.

Xie Li, Xie Xuan, Xie Ying, and all Nefarious Devil Tribe Ancient God Realm masters above Sixth Order followed Huang Xiaolong, while the rest stayed to guard the Nefarious Devil Island.

Huang Xiaolong’s group rushed without stopping using continuous space teleportation, racing against time.

As Huang Xiaolong’s group rushed to Dralion Island, Ouyang Xuguang arrived at Dralion Island. He was leading Ouyang Family disciples army as well as other forces’ experts who had submitted to Ouyang Family.