Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"What?!" Ouyang Xuguang and Ouyang Family experts were stunned for a moment, and exclaimed in disbelief.

"Impossible, I don’t believe you!" Ouyang Xuguang roared hoarsely but everyone could hear the grief in his heart.

"I can’t help it if you don’t believe me." Huang Xiaolong said coldly as his index finger pointed at Ouyang Xuguang. Asura qi from Huang Xiaolong’s body condensed into an Absolute Soul Finger force and pierced through Ouyang Xuguang’s head between his eyebrows.

An overwhelming devouring force came from Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead and devoured Ouyang Xuguang’s godforce and blood essence.

Ouyang Xuguang withered into a dried corpse in a short few seconds.

After Ouyang Xuguang was injured by the Black Baboon, Xie Li had sealed his godhead’s godforce; that’s the reason Ouyang Xuguang was powerless while facing Huang Xiaolong’s attack.

With a slap of his palm, Huang Xiaolong had shattered Ouyang Xuguang’s body into dust.

"Don’t worry, your son Ouyang Yunfei will soon go to hell to see you there." Huang Xiaolong reassured coldly.

Everything happened so suddenly, that the Ouyang Family experts just watched in bewilderment when Huang Xiaolong devoured Ouyang Xuguang’s blood essence and godforce. Their minds went blank and their eyes widened with shock.

"Patriarch...!"

"Kill Huang Xiaolong!"

Ouyang Cheng, Ouyang Xiaoyan, and other Ouyang Family experts came to their senses and they shouted in grief and fury. Their eyes turned scarlet as they leaped to attack at Huang Xiaolong.

Watching Ouyang Family experts coming at him with a murderous intent in their scarlet eyes, Huang Xiaolong rushed towards them instead of dodging. His fists punched out at the Ouyang Family experts.

Ouyang Cheng, Ouyang Xiaoyan and the others’ faces went ashen as they felt the force of Huang Xiaolong’s fist surging towards them like endless tidal waves.

Bang!

Ouyang Cheng and the rest were knocked backwards with great force. Their bodies tumbled in the air like broken-lined kites and then crashed into the great hall’s walls.

These Ouyang Family experts’ were not at all weak, especially Ouyang Cheng, and Ouyang Xiaoyan. Their strength averaged mid to late-Fifth Order Ancient God Realm. Even so, Huang Xiaolong hadn’t even used a strand of godforce. Purely his True Divine Dragon Physique’s brute force was enough to send these Ouyang Family experts flying.

At this time, screams echoed in the great hall as Xie Li, Xie Xuan, and the rest of the thirty-four Nefarious Devil puppets moved through the large group of Ouyang Family experts.Wherever they passed through, Ouyang Family experts were sent flying out of the entrance or were crashed to the ground outside.

Lastly, Xie Li stood guard in front of the great hall entrance, blasting away all Ouyang Family experts who tried to enter the Golden Dragon Gate great hall.

Whereas Xie Xuan, Xie Ying and other Nefarious Devil puppets and experts rushed out, breaking into the midst of Ouyang Family’s army like wolves would at a herd of sheep.

Huang Xiaolong too went outside on the little cow, leaping towards waves of Ouyang Family army.

The chaos spiritual beast Black Baboon followed behind Huang Xiaolong. With a swing of its arm, the Black Baboon easily swept away of large number of Ouyang Family disciples.

......

A few hours later, Huang Xiaolong left riding on the little cow, leaving Xie Li and the rest to clean up the scene.

More than thirty spatial rings were added into Huang Xiaolong’s Asura Ring.

Needless to explain, these thirty plus spatial rings had come from Ouyang Xuguang, Ouyang Cheng, Ouyang Xiaoyan, and other Ouyang Family experts. Counting Ouyang Bin, Yao Yue, and others’ spatial rings he had obtained earlier, Huang Xiaolong had collected over seventy spatial rings belonging to Ancient God Realm masters.

Ouyang Xuguang had led an army of close to three hundred thousand disciples to attack Golden Dragon Gate. Roughly a hundred thousand were killed and the remaining all had surrendered.

Most of the islands’ forces that had submitted to Ouyang Family before, also chose to surrender this time as well.

Late into the night, inside his room that was within one of the more luxurious residences of Golden Dragon Gate, Huang Xiaolong took out all the spatial rings he had obtained during the day and checked the items inside.

Huang Xiaolong was delighted as he saw that the amount of shenbi inside Ouyang Bin, Ouyang Xuguang, and others’ spatial rings was quite a sum. After a quick count, it was almost ten trillion!

Just inside each one of Ouyang Bin and Ouyang Xuguang’s spatial rings, was more than one trillion!

Huang Xiaolong was initially worried that he wouldn’t be able to collect enough shenbi to purchase the chaos five-colored heaven refining stone. He needed this stone to repair the Pill Blending Tower. But now, his worries were dissipated. Some days ago, the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall’s Head Supervisor Meng Yuan had told Huang Xiaolong that the herbs and spiritual veins he had put up for auction had fetched a little over 1.3 trillion.

Head Supervisor Meng Yuan had also informed Huang Xiaolong that there had been news regarding three kinds of chaos spiritual liquids that Huang Xiaolong had requested; and hence, they were on their way to Vientiane World branch. He was going to continue looking for the chaos five-colored heaven refining stone and other chaos spiritual liquids that Huang Xiaolong wanted.

Therefore, Huang Xiaolong planned to head over to the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall once he had gotten the thing sealed under the Shredding Wind Mountain on Soul Islands.

By that time, the three kinds of chaos spiritual liquids would have reached the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall branch as well.

Early next morning, Huang Xiaolong left Golden Dragon Gate. Instead of going directly to Barbarian God Sect, he detoured to Ouyang Family headquarters and Demon-Buddha Clan headquarters with just a small group of people, including— Huang Xiaolong himself, the little cow, Xie Li, Xie Xuan, Xie Ying and a few more making up a dozen of them.

Though there were only a dozen of them, it was an enough amount of destructive power to deal with the two headquarters.

A few days later, without exception, Ouyang Family headquarters and Demon-Buddha Clan headquarters were completely destroyed by Huang Xiaolong and the treasuries were naturally pocketed by him.

The little cow laughed so wide that its mouth was lopsided when it saw herbs, divine pellets, and godheads piled up several hills high inside Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan treasuries.

Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan’s wealth was shocking; mountains of shenbi far exceeded Huang Xiaolong’s estimation.

Just shenbi alone was more than 200 trillion! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

More than 200 trillion! Not just 20 billion, but more than 200 trillion!!!

Huang Xiaolong reaped a bountiful harvest during this trip to Ouyang Family headquarters and Demon-Buddha Clan headquarters.

Along the way back to Barbarian God Sect, the little cow happily hummed a short unknown tune. Its cow tail swayed left and right, but seemingly it was unable to find the right place.

Back in Barbarian God Sect, Huang Xiaolong stayed for three months as there was no hurry to rush to Soul Tribe’s Soul Islands.In these three months, Huang Xiaolong spent his days studying the manual of various techniques and old records he had gotten from the Immortal Phoenix Faith Palace and Ghost Buddha Depository. At night, he cultivated and absorbed the four divine fires’ chaos spiritual energy as well as purple grandmist aura from the purple grandmist aura dragon.

Occasionally, Huang Xiaolong would also give Yao Chi some guidance in her cultivation.

Due to the four divine fires’ chaos spiritual energy as well as the purple grandmist aura, when the three months ended, not only Huang Xiaolong had solidified his recent Third Order Ancient God Realm breakthrough, but his cultivation was also closer to reaching peak early Third Order Ancient God Realm.

What Huang Xiaolong hadn’t expected at all was that after he had destroyed Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan; the surrounding islands’ forces who had submitted to Ouyang Family, now ran to his door requesting to serve him.

Huang Xiaolong did not refuse these people and accepted all of them.

Huang Xiaolong left Barbarian God Sect three months later heading to the Soul Tribe.

Along the way, Huang Xiaolong and the little cow were quite leisurely, cultivating as they flew forward. It took them ten days to reach Soul Islands at this relaxed pace.

Compared to the last time Huang Xiaolong was there, the Soul Tribe was more guarded against trespassers, but at the same time the Soul Tribe’s patrol disciples were just too weak. All of these patrol disciples were just decorations and nothing more in Huang Xiaolong and the little cow’s eyes.

The two of them easily reached the Shredding Wind Mountain on Soul Islands.

But just as Huang Xiaolong and the little cow arrived above the Shredding Wind Mountain, the island shook violently as a terrifying energy surged from below and shot upwards towards Huang Xiaolong and the little cow. Both Huang Xiaolong and the little cow were stunned.

"It’s coming from the Soul Tribe headquarters!" The little cow pointed as its eyes narrowed. "Isn’t this the energy fluctuation of an Ancestor God Realm master? Is there an Ancestor God Realm master attacking the Soul Tribe headquarters?"

Huang Xiaolong too was looking solemn.

"Should we go and take a look?" The little cow asked.