Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

’Should we go and take a look??’

Huang Xiaolong shook his head at the little cow’s curiosity induced question and said, "No need, let’s first break this Shredding Wind Mountain’s formation and see what’s sealed inside." His main reason for coming to Soul Islands was to get the item sealed at the belly of the Shredding Wind Mountain.

Not to mention, an Ancestor God Realm master attacking the Soul Tribe was a perfect distraction to divert the Soul Tribe’s attention while Huang Xiaolong broke the mountain’s prohibitive formation.

Thus, without any further delay, Huang Xiaolong swiftly laid out several walls of formation to conceal himself and the little cow from being noticed by others, and then quickly began cracking the Shredding Wind Mountain’s prohibitive formation.

The formation around the Shredding Wind Mountain was called Chaos Traverse Nine Heavens Lightning Divine Formation, which could be easily suppressed by the little cow’s purple lightning force. Currently, the little cow’s strength was comparable to that of Huang Xiaolong’s. In a short half an hour’s time, the little cow broke the mountain’s formation with Huang Xiaolong’s help.

A stone chamber appeared in front of them. It’s stone door was covered with a layer of thick dust.

Huang Xiaolong waved his hand as he stepped towards the stone door. The door opened sending dust flying everywhere in the air.

Huang Xiaolong stepped inside; the little cow following behind him.

The stone chamber was about ten square meters with a platform. There was a box on it. Other than this box, there was nothing else in this stone chamber.

Huang Xiaolong stood in front of the platform and picked up the box. He could feel that the box was heavy and unusually cold.

There were restrictions placed on the box, but Huang Xiaolong circulated his godforce and easily opened it.

However, Huang Xiaolong was astounded when he saw the contents of the box—it was a palm-sized object with a luster of a fine jade. It was shaped like a spiral shell! There was a tiny red half moon symbol on its surface!

Huang Xiaolong picked up the spiral shell out from the box as he frowned.

’The thing sealed in the belly of the Shredding Wind Mountain has just been an ordinary jade-like spiral shell divine artifact of an unknown grade?’

"This is the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell!!" The little cow exclaimed in shock staring at the thing in Huang Xiaolong’s hand!

"Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell?" Huang Xiaolong looked at the little cow inquisitively.

The little cow looked extremely solemn as it nodded and said, "Yes, the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell! This Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell is a grandmist spiritual artifact!"

"Grandmist spiritual artifact!" Huang Xiaolong exclaimed in astonishment.

This ordinary looking thing that resembled a shell was in fact a grandmist spiritual artifact!

Above chaos spiritual artifacts were grandmist spiritual artifacts. According to what his Master Golden Brow had said, the Vientiane World Fortune Gate branch merely had two grandmist spiritual artifacts.

"Yes, this Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell is a mid-grandmist spiritual artifact that could be used to defend and attack at the same time." The little cow further explained, "What makes it more precious is this. Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell is a grandmist spiritual artifact of the soul. While it protects your soul, it attacks other people’s souls."

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes widened in shock, a soul grandmist spiritual artifact.

There were millions and millions of divine artifacts in the vast Divine World, where the chances of finding a soul grandmist artifact was near to impossible. For instance, among every hundred thousand divine artifacts there may be zero soul related divine artifacts, and even less chances of it being a grandmist spiritual artifact.

"Xiaolong, as long as you have this Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, it’d be much easier for you to condense your avatar when breaking through to Ancestor God Realm!" The little cow was obviously excited as it continued, "After you refine this Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, it will merge with your soul and will continuously strengthen it by absorbing the moon essence!"

Hearing this, Huang Xiaolong gazed excitedly at this almost ordinary looking palm-sized Spiral Shell.

This Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell actually could absorb moon essence by itself to strengthen his soul!

What was the most difficult thing when breaking through to Ancestor God Realm? It was none other than strengthening one’s soul!

Only a strong soul capable of achieving perfection could form an avatar and breakthrough to Ancestor God Realm!

Then again, everyone’s godhead is different at various ranks and elements, and so is the strength of the cultivator’s soul. But Huang Xiaolong had three supreme godheads that greatly increased the difficulty of strengthening his soul to perfection.

However, things would be much easier with the help of this Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell.

A cultivator’s godhead determines the strength of their soul. This also affects the talent of the avatar formed.

For instance, the innate talent of Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads’ avatars was bound to that of a disciple with a supreme godhead. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

And of course there was a prerequisite; Huang Xiaolong must be able to strengthen his soul to perfection.

Since learning about the magical effects of the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t wait to refine it.

"Its weird, how did the Soul Tribe get their hands on the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell..." The little cow muttered to itself. "And how did it end up being sealed in the belly of this Shredding Wind Mountain? Does the Soul Tribe know its origin?"

"This Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell’s origin?" Huang Xiaolong looked at the little cow. ’Is there some big background to this Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell?’

The little cow nodded, "This Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell belonged to the Ancient Heavenly Emperor."

Huang Xiaolong was flabbergasted, "The Ancient Heavenly Emperor?"

The little cow said, "It’s not unusual you don’t know about the Ancient Heavenly Emperor. To put it this way, the hundred million of world surfaces in the Divine World are governed by the Heavenly Court. The supreme position in the hierarchy is the Heavenly Emperor and the Ancient Heavenly Emperor was the current Heavenly Emperor’s Master!"

Huang Xiaolong’s mind buzzed for a long time.

The Heavenly Court!

The Ancient Heavenly Emperor!

The hundred million world surfaces in the Divine World were under the Heavenly Court’s governance?

In his past life on Earth, there were myths about Heavenly Court, but Huang Xiaolong didn’t expect the world he was in right now to actually have a Heavenly Court!

’Wait, could it be?’ A thought flashed in Huang Xiaolong’s mind and he blurted out, "Does that mean the Heavenly Court Battle is held by the Heavenly Court?"

Golden Brow, Blood Knife, and others had previously mentioned about the Battle of the Heavenly Court, but had never given Huan Xiaolong any details. He also had never asked about it, and therefore was ignorant of the Heavenly Court’s existence.

Now that the little cow spoke about the Heaven Court, Huang Xiaolong connected the links.

"Yes. Battle of the Heavenly Court is organized by the Heavenly Court after every one hundred thousand years. This is our Divine World’s biggest event." The little cow went on, "Genius disciples that successfully enter the top ten ranks in the Battle of the Heavenly Court will be fully nurtured by the Heavenly Court and even receive guidance from the Heavenly Emperor."

Intrigued, Huang Xiaolong continued asking some small questions about the Heavenly Court.

A while later, both of them left the Shredding Wind Mountain. They could still sense the powerful energy fluctuations from the ongoing battle at the Soul Tribe headquarters.

After a second thought, Huang Xiaolong decided against joining in the fun. After all, he had successfully extracted the item sealed in the belly of the Shredding Wind Mountain. One less trouble was better. And even though he had Xie Li, Xie Xuan, and other Nefarious Devil puppets, they were not enough firepower against an Ancestor God Realm master.

With that, Huang Xiaolong’s group smoothly left Soul Islands. More importantly, Huang Xiaolong wanted to find a secluded place so he could refine the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell.

A day later, Huang Xiaolong’s group appeared above an uninhabited island. He planned to refine the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell there. In a flicker, Huang Xiaolong and the little cow disappeared underground.

When the preparations were completed, Huang Xiaolong took out the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell. As the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell was a grandmist spiritual artifact, it’d be quite difficult to refine it at his current strength. Therefore, as a precaution, Huang Xiaolong had Xie Li, Xie Xuan, and Xie Ying assist him.

The little cow guarded Huang Xiaolong from his side.

Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged on the ground, his three supreme godheads spun as he circulated his godforce to wrap around the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell.