Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The instant Huang Xiaolong’s godforce wrapped around the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, it emitted ripples of glaring amber-colored lights, especially the red moon symbol at the center.

And when Huang Xiaolong’s godforce attempted to enter into the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell’s space, it was met with a strong resistance.

Exactly at this moment, Xie Li, Xie Xuan, and Xie Ying pressed their palms onto Huang Xiaolong’s back, channeling their godforce into his body. Immediately, Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads shone with radiance as his godforce escalated.

Soon, ten days had passed.

With Xie Li, Xie Xuan, and Xie Ying’s help, Huang Xiaolong’s godforce repeatedly collided with the resistance force until at one point it gradually weakened.

Another half a month had passed, Huang Xiaolong completely shattered the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell’s resistance force. With muffled crackling noises, Huang Xiaolong’s godforce rushed into the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell’s space.

The color of joy rose to Huang Xiaolong’s face. He carefully flicked a drop of his blood essence into the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell.

In that moment, the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell’s radiance multiplied.

Huang Xiaolong spent roughly two months of refinement to get the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell to fully integrate with his blood essence and soul as one. The Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell turned into a streak of light and entered into Huang Xiaolong’s body between his brows, floating in his consciousness. Ripples of silvery light from the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell fell on his three supreme godheads like soft drizzling rain.

As his three supreme godheads absorbed the rain of light, they actually emitted a cheerful energy and he could feel their godforce increasing in the blink of an eye.

’This is..?!’

Before Huang Xiaolong could think further, a sharp pain exploded in head as some incoherent and broken memories flashed before his eyes.

These broken memories were akin to a sharp blade digging at Huang Xiaolong’s brain and his face twitched from severe pain.

The little cow had finally relaxed after seeingthat Huang Xiaolong had successfully refined the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell. But now that he grimaced with pain, the little cow was frightened and quickly blew out a cloud of purple lightning to ensure Huang Xiaolong’s safety.

It was fortunate that the broken memories which rushed into Huang Xiaolong’s mind were few in number. A dozen of minutes later, the pain in his head subsided.

On the other hand, the rain of light from Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell became stronger, integrating into his three supreme godheads.

Huang Xiaolong was in a daze for quite some time.

Seeing Huang Xiaolong was no longer in pain, the little cow huffed in relief and retrieved it’s purple lightning. Even so, it was carefully observing Huang Xiaolong’s situation.

As the time passed, one month went by.

In this period, the little cow noticed there were layers of moonlight halo shining from Huang Xiaolong’s skin. And it sensed he had grown stronger as well.

In truth, Huang Xiaolong hadn’t expect this strength to rise. But the amount of accumulated energy inside the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell space was amazing. The rain of light over his three supreme godheads was none other than the energy inside the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell space.

The energy inside the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell accumulated over for the past tens of thousands of years, was akin to a vast ocean. After it was refined by Huang Xiaolong, the energy finally found an outlet, rushing out like a great flood.

Step by step, Huang Xiaolong’s strength rose at an astonishing speed.

His cultivation which was close to peak early Third Order Ancient God Realm soon reached peak early Third Order Ancient God Realm, and began to race towards mid-Third Order Ancient God Realm.

A little over a month later, a low crisp noise sounded inside Huang Xiaolong’s body. He had broken through to mid-Third Order Ancient God Realm yet endless energy was still rushing out from the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell. His cultivation rose further, getting closer to peak mid-Third Order Ancient God Realm.

The underground chamber was quiet.

Xie Li, Xie Xuan, and Xie Ying were sitting cross-legged in a corner, cultivating. After the little cow determined Huang Xiaolong wasn’t in danger, it chose a comfortable corner and munched on a godhead.

After Huang Xiaolong had dealt with Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan, the number of godheads collected was enough to last the little cow for quite some time.

As the little cow had expected, almost a year had passed and Huang Xiaolong was still in slumber.

The little cow started growing anxious as more days passed. Half a year was left for the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle. Not to mention, Huang Xiaolong needed to return to Fortune Gate three months before the battle began. If Huang Xiaolong remained unconscious for the next three months, the little cow would have to forcefully wake him up. After all, the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle was quite important to Huang Xiaolong.

As the first place disciple of Fortune Mainland’s All-Islands Great War, if Huang Xiaolong went missing— how badly would the other three mainlands laugh at Fortune Mainland? How would the Fortune Gate Chief look at Huang Xiaolong? And at that point, probably even Golden Brow and Blood Knife would have a hard time explaining on his behalf.

Fortunately, Huang Xiaolong woke up a few days later, finally lifting the little cow’s worries.

"How do you feel?" The little cow asked with concern as it approached Huang Xiaolong. At the same time, it was looking at him with complex gaze. The little cow naturally noticed Huang Xiaolong had broken through to Fourth Order Ancient God Realm!

Fourth Order Ancient God Realm!

A feeling of speechlessness filled the little cow.

A year ago, Huang Xiaolong had just broken through to Third Order Ancient God Realm, and now, he was already a Fourth Order Ancient God Realm!

Huang Xiaolong stood up. He couldn’t restrain the laughter bubbling up inside his throat. Even he was surprised that refining the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell’s accumulated energy allowed him to break through several orders of cultivation and reach early Fourth Order Ancient God Realm.

Huang Xiaolong hadn’t dared imagine such a possibility in the past.

Even though his cultivation speed was naturally fast, it was far from rising one big realm— from early Third Order to early Fourth Order Ancient God Realm in a short one year’s duration.

Fourth Order Ancient God Realm was the ceiling to mid-level Ancient God Realm master, once a cultivation broke past the ceiling, their strength goes through tremendous changes.

"Come on, we’re heading back!" Huang Xiaolong happily said to the little cow. It was time he return to Fortune Gate. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Although there was still half a year until the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle, returning earlier to the Fortune Gate was not bad either. He could enter the library to study some of the Fortune Gate’s style technique manuals.

Without stopping to rest the whole way, Huang Xiaolong and the little cow reached Barbarian God Sect in a few days.

Barbarian God Sect territories had undergone great changes. The Barbarian God City had expanded, there were herds of spiritual beasts in the forest, and the surrounding spiritual energy was richer. Various families and sects’ disciples could be seen coming in and out.

After Ouyang Family and Demon-Buddha Clan were annihilated, Barbarian God Sect had become the center of power for the surrounding islands.

Huang Xiaolong stayed a few days in Barbarian God Sect and then left with Yao Chi.

Before leaving, Huang Xiaolong gave Lu Zhuo some tasks and told him that he could contact him if there were problems.

He also left two Ninth Order Ancient God Realm Nefarious Devil puppets to protect Barbarian God Sect.

Huang Xiaolong and his group stepped out from Wu Island’s transmission array ten days later and headed straight to the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall.

However, at the Infinite Circles Commerce Hall, Head Supervisor Meng Yuan said to Huang Xiaolong with a bitter expression, "Young Warrior Huang, initially, the chaos spiritual liquids that you wanted had already arrived from other branches, but a few months ago, they were all sold to people from Wangu Clan!"

Huang Xiaolong’s expression sank, ’all of them were bought by people from Wangu Clan!’ He had specifically requested Meng Yuan to keep the chaos spiritual liquids for him no matter what.

Meng Yuan explained weakly, "Wangu Ziyi came over personally and bought them. Our Commerce Hall Vice-President agreed, I had no other option."

Wangu Ziyi!

A cold light glinted in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

No doubt Wangu Ziyi did this intentionally. Otherwise, how could things be so coincidental, buying all of the same chaos spiritual liquids that he needed?

"What about the chaos five-colored heaven refining stone?" Huang Xiaolong suppressed his displeasure and asked Meng Yuan.

"From the information we received, three years ago, someone bought three pieces of chaos five-colored heaven refining stone from our headquarters," Meng Yuan went on, "He’s an Elder of the Clear Spirit World’s Xiao Family, named Xiao Teng."