Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Attempting to breakthrough to Sixth Order Ancient God Realm!" Huang Xiaolong was a little shocked at hearing this news.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t expect Wangu Ziyi to be this strong. He had estimated Wangu Ziyi to have advanced only until late-Fifth Order Ancient God Realm.

"That’s right, he’s going to breakthrough to Sixth Order Ancient God Realm!" Blood Knife Ancestor nodded his head and sighed, "true to his top emperor rank Soul Jade Godhead, a peerless genius ah. Wangu Ziyi’s talent is indeed shocking."

"Within the next ten years,Wangu Ziyi could step into Seventh Order Ancient God Realm!" Golden Brow Ancestor commented with a taut expression, I have heard that Wangu Ziyi has been cultivating for only two hundred year."

"In one thousand years, he’s likely to breakthrough to Ancestor God Realm!" Blood Knife Ancestor went on, "one thousand years! That’s rare in the history of Vientiane World!"

In general, Ancient God Realm cultivators’ cultivation speed slows down after breaking through to Seventh Order Ancient God Realm. This decreased speed in cultivation becomes more distinct once they reach late-Tenth Order Ancient God Realm. As a result of this, there are many cultivators who are stuck at peak late-Tenth Order Ancient God Realm for ten thousand years, and still haven’t been able to break through to Ancestor God Realm.

Blood Knife Ancestor had acknowledged and evaluated Wangu Ziyi’s cultivation talent to be higher than expected. This was apparent from his estimation that Wangu Ziyi could advance to Ancestor God Realm within thousand years. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After all, even the Fortune Gate’s most talented disciple— Wang Wei had to cultivate for three thousand years before he advanced to Ancestor God Realm.

"One thousand years." Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself. Based on his current cultivation speed, he probably could breakthrough to Ancestor God Realm in a hundred years.

Golden Brow Ancestor noticed Huang Xiaolong muttering to himself and said solemnly, "Xiaolong, there’s no need to feel down; though your godhead rank is not as high as Wangu Ziyi’s, you have the True Divine Dragon Physique. And not to mention, your luck is not bad either. You can definitely breakthrough to Ancestor God Realm in five thousand years!"

Five thousand years? Huang Xiaolong was astonished for a second, but then smiled wryly.

He couldn’t even imagine how far he would have gone after five thousand years.“There is also You Wuxin from Dark Elf Mainland. From the news we’ve received— he was sent into the Dark Elf Tribe’s perilous land to cultivate. He was able to significantly raise his strength to peak late-Fourth Order Ancient God Realm. We suspect that before the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle, he’d be able to breakthrough to Fifth Order Ancient God Realm." Blood Knife emphasized to Huang Xiaolong, "therefore, no matter what, you must strive to breakthrough to Fourth Order Ancient God before the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle."

"We understand this is going to be very difficult for you." Golden Brow Ancestor chimed in, "but as long as you advance to Fourth Order Ancient God Realm, combined with your True Divine Dragon Physique, you can at least fight You Wuxin."

"Originally, we had hoped that you could at least win second place as we didn’t expect You Wuxin to likely breakthrough to Fifth Order Ancient God Realm after entering into the Dark Elf Tribe’s perilous land!" Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor spoke together, as if singing a duet.

Huang Xiaolong was speechless.

These two old men were clearly implying that he was no match for You Wuxin. On top of that, were they already settling for him getting third place because of this? And most importantly, they didn’t even asked him about his current cultivation realm before drawing these conclusions!

Huang Xiaolong had concealed his aura, therefore unless Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor specifically probed Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation realm, they wouldn’t be able to tell it just from the surface.

A while later, Huang Xiaolong walked out from his two Masters’ cultivation palace. From there, he headed to Li Lu’s Brimming Snow Palace instead of his own Cosmos Palace.

However, before Huang Xiaolong had reached the Brimming Snow Palace, he came across Myriad Flames Ancestor and Black Ice Ancestor.

In truth, Huang Xiaolong didn’t have a good impression of old hag Black Ice, however, due to rules, Huang Xiaolong stepped up and saluted, "Greetings Myriad Flames Ancestor, Black Ice Ancestor.

Myriad Flames Ancestor’s attitude could be considered to be amiable towards Huang Xiaolong. He smiled at Huang Xiaolong and asked, "Come to see Li Lu?"

Huang Xiaolong nodded and answered, “Yes!”

But Black Ice Ancestor was upset and coldly warned Huang Xiaolong, "Li Lu has entered the seclusion to cultivate, so don’t go there to disturb her."

Huang Xiaolong frowned. ’Seclusion?’

Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor had already told him that Li Lu had come out from seclusion. Why was this old hag telling him a blatant lie? Was it to purposely hinder him?

On second thought, Huang Xiaolong knew exactly why Black Ice Ancestor would do so. According to Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor, Black Ice Ancestor always had the intention of stringing Wang Wei and Li Lu together. Moreover, everyone could clearly see Li Lu’s attitude towards him. Considering all of this, no wonder Black Ice Ancestor found him displeasing.

Huang Xiaolong also knew that old hag Black Ice Ancestor and Wang Wei’s Master Blue Empyrean were cousins.

This was the main reason why Black Ice Ancestor was so keen on Li Lu being Wang Wei’s companion. Of course, she also saw Wang Wei’s influence and talent.

"Huang Xiaolong, I know your relation with Li Lu was very good in the lower realm, and even now in the Divine World," Black Ice Ancestor spoke in an icy tone. She went on, "Strength is everything here in the Divine World. Even though your talent is not bad, you’re still too weak. In the future, you’d better not come looking for Li Lu anymore!"

Earlier Black Ice Ancestor had claimed Li Lu was in seclusion as an excuse, but now, she was clearly stating her true intention. In the future?!

In other words, never see Li Lu again!

Despite Huang Xiaolong’s good mood, fury erupted in his heart.

"Whom I want to see is my business." Huang Xiaolong’s expression was extremely cold, "You can’t decide that for me!"

Black Ice Ancestor was dumbstruck for a second. Outraged, she barked: "Insolent! Huang Xiaolong, who do you think you are? How dare you rebel against elders?! I’ll teach you how to respect elders on behalf of your Masters!"

Black Ice Ancestor moved barely, but a tempest of ice shards formed around her piercing towards Huang Xiaolong.

The surrounding heaven and earth was covered in ice.

Huang Xiaolong’s face tightened. He didn’t expect the old hag to attack him despite her identity as a high-level Ancestor God Realm and also a Fortune Gate Ancestor.

With his Fourth Order Ancient God Realm strength, he was completely powerless to resist against a high-level Ancestor God Realm’s attack. Huang Xiaolong noticed that even his thoughts were frozen and he was unable to move.

He watched helplessly as sharp ice shards were about to pierce through him, but from out of nowhere, rays of golden light shot across the sky and shattered all of the flying ice shards.

Black Ice Ancestor’s figure swayed unsteadily and her face grew a little pale.

Space rippled as two figures stepped out from the void and stood in front of Huang Xiaolong with their backs turned towards him— Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor arrived.

"Black Ice, my disciple doesn’t require you to teach him anything." Golden Brow stated indifferently and added, "And I hope this will not be repeated again, otherwise, I won’t have a choice but to face against your Black Ice Divine Arts in a sparring match to teach you a lesson in return."

Black Ice Ancestor looked gloomy, then she harrumphed coldly and sped away turning into a streak of ice blue light.

Myriad Flames Ancestor looked on helplessly. He then greeted Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor before leaving.

"That old hag is becoming more and more arrogant these days. Does she really think Wang Wei is bound to be the next Fortune Gate Chief?" Blood Knife spoke angrily as he looked in the direction from where Black Ice Ancestor had left.