Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The little cow’s unusual reaction made it apparent to Huang Xiaolong that it definitely knew what the Devil Abyss was.

"Why are you asking about the Devil Abyss?!" The little cow demanded, ignoring Huang Xiaolong’s question. Its expression was obviously telling him that he should not be inquiring about the Devil Abyss.

Huang Xiaolong half-jokingly asked, "Is the Devil Abyss very scary?"

The little cow nodded solemnly and said, "Very scary, especially scary, and super scary!"

It said scary three times in a row...

Huang Xiaolong was dumbfounded and wondered, ’Is the Devil Abyss really that scary?’

Huang Xiaolong had managed to decipher from the broken memories within the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell that the Divine World’s greatest divine artifact was called Ancient Heavenly Court, which had fallen into the Devil Abyss. There were very few clues related to the Devil Abyss though, and most of them were vague. Therefore, Huang Xiaolong was inquiring the little cow about the Devil Abyss.

On second thought, Huang Xiaolong decided to tell the little cow about the broken memories within the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell. The little cow was akin to his natal beast— who would never betray him. Hence, there was nothing wrong in letting the little cow know.

"What??! The Ancient Heavenly Emperor is dead?!!"

"The Divine World’s greatest artifact actually fell into the Devil Abyss!"

The little cow exclaimed in shock again and again as it listened to Huang Xiaolong, its eyeballs nearly fell out of their sockets— the Ancient Heavenly Emperor is dead! This news was too shocking for the little cow! If this news spread out, one can simply imagine the waves of shock it would bring to the Divine World.

In the past, the Ancient Heavenly Court had an unimaginable high prestige. Wherever the Ancient Heavenly Emperor’s decree had appeared, all the forces of Divine World had adhered to it unquestioningly. Some of the very old monsters who were still alive, had been the Ancient Heavenly Emperor’s subordinates when he reigned the Divine World.

These old monsters were all great masters and each of them had powerful resources under them. Due to this, the current Heavenly Emperor still needs to treat them with great politeness.

If these old monsters learned the Ancient Heavenly Emperor was killed by the current Heavenly Emperor, they were likely to slaughter him leaving a bloody path to the Heavenly Court.

A long time later, the little cow calmed down slightly.

"Really unimaginable ah, the Ancient Heavenly Emperor who has been missing for billions of years actually died at the hands of the current Heavenly Emperor!" The little cow couldn’t help but lament.

"You have seen the Ancient Heavenly Emperor?" Huang Xiaolong asked casually.

The little cow surprised him as it nodded and said, "Of course! I have even fought him a few times."

Huang Xiaolong was at a loss for words at the little cow’s bluff.

This was really an explosive news— the little cow had actually fought with the Ancient Heavenly Emperor a few times?!

Huang Xiaolong had thought that the little cow was the reincarnation of a great character, but he had never imagined it to be this much exceptionally great.

"The number one divine artifact Ancient Heavenly Court is in the Devil Abyss!" But soon the little cow frowned deeply.

Huang Xiaolong listened quietly.

The little cow subsequently said to Huang Xiaolong, "The Devil Abyss is a zone in between our Divine World and the Devil World. The horror of devil qi in Devil Abyss is unimaginable to such an extent that a high-level Ancestor God Realm master would die coming in contact with even a small amount of devil qi; and that too, just from devil qi on the outer edge of Devil Abyss! The Devil Abyss’s devil qi is comparable to the Devil World’s Devil Mountain Holy Land."

Huang Xiaolong sucked in a breath of cold air— the average high-level Ancestor God Realm master would surely die if they were slightly contaminated with the devil qi on the outer edge of Devil Abyss?

Then, how terrifying is the devil qi in the depths of Devil Abyss?

"Therefore, don’t think about the Divine World’s greatest divine artifact Ancient Heavenly Court at this point." The little cow added, "But if you advanced to high-level Ancestor God Realm you probably can withstand the devil qi in the outer edge. However, the problem is, we don’t know if the Ancient Heavenly Court in the outer edge of Devil Abyss."

Huang Xiaolong shook his head, "Not sure, the memories are too scattered. I could only determine that it’s inside the Devil Abyss."

High-level Ancestor God Realm?

In this case, after he breaks through to high-level Ancestor God Realm, he must make a trip to the Devil Abyss.

"The Divine World’s greatest artifact— Ancient Heavenly Court has a treasury containing countless top grandmist grade pills that are beneficial to your cultivation." The little cow went on, "The Ancient Heavenly Court divine artifact’s power is unrivaled. Once, the Ancient Heavenly Emperor simply threw the Ancient Heavenly Court and easily destroyed several hundred world surfaces!"

Several hundred world surfaces! Huang Xiaolong’s mind could barely imagine that scene.

This degree of strength and power was out of his scope of understanding at the moment. Forget about the ability of destroying several hundred world surfaces, merely destroying Vientiane World in one strike was unimaginable for Huang Xiaolong.

All world surfaces in the Divine World were rooted to the Divine World, linked like a great tree. A peak late-Tenth Order Ancestor God Realm striking with all their might at a world surface was akin to an ant attacking a mountain— simply immoveable.

Gradually though, Huang Xiaolong’s chest burned with a new desire. What kind of a battle would it be, where he could arm his True Dragon Physique and the Ancient Heavenly Court divine artifact?

The next day, Huang Xiaolong didn’t go to the Fortune Gate’s library but stayed inside his Cosmos Palace to comprehend the purple grandmist aura.

After a long time of refining and comprehending the purple grandmist aura, Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads’ godforce had blended together, extremely close to a complete integration.

The day Huang Xiaolong’s godforce completely integrates with the purple grandmist aura into one entity, would be the day when Huang Xiaolong successfully cultivates the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The Grandmist Parasitic Medium technique was much harder to cultivate than he had initially thought. This was apparent from the fact that even though he had three supreme godheads, True Dragon Physique and high comprehension ability as well as the purple grandmist aura dragon that he had refined; yet he had not entered the first stage of Grandmist Parasitic Medium.

No wonder in the vast universe, only two people have succeeded in cultivating this technique.

Huang Xiaolong had been feeling more urgent about raising his strength, ever since he had learned that one of the requirements for a Gate Chief candidate selection was mid-level Ancestor God Realm cultivation realm. He had only one hundred and fifty years to achieve this.

As long as he reached the fourth stage of the Grandmist Parasitic Medium and the Pill Blending Tower was successfully repaired, he had a high chance of advancing to mid-level Ancestor God Realm before his set deadline.

Just as Huang Xiaolong felt that he was about to completely integrate his supreme godheads’ godforce and the purple grandmist aura, the communication talisman in his Asura Ring shook. Huang Xiaolong had to stop for this because he specifically used this communication talisman to keep in contact with Yao Chi.

Huang Xiaolong took out the communication talisman and his divine sense swept over it. A cold glint flickered across Huang Xiaolong’s eyes. Yao Chi was passing a message from Lu Zhuo— in recent days, there was an increase in the number of deaths of Barbarian God Sect and surrounding islands’ forces disciples who had allied with Barbarian God Sect;’ even the Elders and several Grand Elders were killed. So far, there were more than five hundred deaths in total.

But they were unable to find the perpetrators responsible for all these deaths.

’Could it be Dragon Origin Sect? Or Twin Cities Sect? Perhaps, Wangu Clan?’ These three forces held grudges against him and were the only ones who would dare to do something like this.

Huang Xiaolong took out another communication talisman and issued an order to the Nefarious Devil Tribe to cooperate with Barbarian God Sect to find out the people behind this incident.

When this was done, Huang Xiaolong’s mouth curved into a cold sneer. It better not be him who finds out who’s behind this, or he’d have that person end up like Ouyang Family— completely disappeared from the face of this world.

Shortly, Huang Xiaolong left for the Myriad Gods Manor located in Fortune City. In a few days, Golden Brow Ancestor, Blood Knife Ancestor, and others would lead him and all the other participants to the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle, hence Huang Xiaolong decided to see Yao Chi before he departed.

However, when Huang Xiaolong reached the Myriad Gods Manor; Xie Dong—the Nefarious Devil Tribe Ancestor who had followed him to Fortune City, informed him that Yao Chi had been out since early morning.