Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In the Myriad Gods Manor, Yao Chi was very happy after she read Huang Xiaolong’s message that she could barely sit still.

After talking with Yao Chi for a while, Huang Xiaolong calmed down and began cultivating.

He sat cross-legged inside the Cosmos Palace’s secret chamber. His liver, lungs, heart, and kidneys were glowing in four different colors—azure, metallic white, red, and blue. These four glows were none other than the azure dragon divine fire, white tiger divine fire, and vermilion bird divine fire.

Chaos spiritual energy rolled down from the void into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

After his cultivation had advanced to Fourth Order Ancient God Realm, the four divine fires had grown quite a lot and the gray chaos spiritual energy that he had absorbed was much richer. The chaos spiritual energy entered from the crown of Huang Xiaolong’s head tempering and nurturing his True Dragon Physique, his internal organs as well as his godheads.

The Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell was spinning in Huang Xiaolong’s consciousness, emitting silvery light of moon essence that was absorbed by Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads.

Huang Xiaolong’s soul had grown much stronger within these few months.

As the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell spun, it absorbed moon essence from the void into its mouth. Other than the moon essence energy, there were streams of a light purple energy from the purple grandmist aura dragon.

After absorbing the purple grandmist aura, the half moon symbol on the surface of the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell shone increasingly bright and gradually grew bigger into a full moon.

Even though Huang Xiaolong had recently become the owner of the the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, he needed to breakthrough to the Ancestor God Realm to fully refine this mid-grandmist spiritual artifact.

There were several floors inside the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell. Huang Xiaolong could only enter the first floor with his current godforce, but he had a feeling that the several floors that came after the first floor contained a big secret that was related to the Ancient Heavenly Emperor.

There was only two-thirds of the purple grandmist aura dragon left by now.

Huang Xiaolong roughly estimated that he would finish refining this purple grandmist aura dragon by the time he would break through to Seventh Order Ancient God Realm.

At that time, Huang Xiaolong would have to enter the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield once more to look for more grandmist aura.

The night passed as Huang Xiaolong cultivated.

Moonlight faded with the darkness as dawn approached on the horizon.

Huang Xiaolong stopped his cultivation and opened his eyes, as his cultivation had reached the peak early Fourth Order Ancient God Realm.

There were two months left before the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle. By that time, Huang Xiaolong hoped to advance to Mid-Fourth Order Ancient God Realm.

Soon, Huang Xiaolong left Cosmos Palace and arrived at the Assembly Shrine. He spotted Zhou Xu, Tan Lin, and Luo Yunjie already waiting at the entrance. But Li Lu’s presence surprised him the most!

Could it be?!

Li Lu wanted to laugh when she saw Huang Xiaolong looking at her with a silly expression on his face.

"Lu’er, you won’t be going to the Ten Thousand Elephant Mountain with us, right?" Huang Xiaolong asked.

"Why, can’t I?" Li Lu blinked her spirited eyes. That expression of hers made Zhou Xu, Tan Lin, and Luo Yunjie’s heart race.

Huang Xiaolong dazed for a second, ’she’s really going.’

Although Li Lu was an emperor rank godhead genius disciple along with being a personal disciple of Myriad Flames Ancestor and Black Ice Ancestor, she had not yet participated in the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples battle. Therefore, this time, she wanted to follow and spectate the strengths of the other three mainlands’ disciples.

Both Myriad Flames Ancestor and Black Ice Ancestor had agreed with Li Lu’s request without much thought.

After all, spectating the battle could widen Li Lu’s horizon and enhance her cultivation path in the future.

At this time, Golden Brow Ancestor, Blood Knife Ancestor, Myriad Flames Ancestor, Black Ice Ancestor, and Sky Sword Ancestor walked out from the Assembly Shrine.

These five Ancestors were in charge of leading this group to the Ten Thousand Elephant Mountain this time.

As soon as Black Ice Ancestor walked out she spotted Huang Xiaolong standing beside Li Lu—her old face sank immediately as she let out a cold harrumph.

Huang Xiaolong remained indifferent and didn’t bother to look at that old face.

Golden Brow Ancestor and the others pretended like they didn’t see anything as they led few of the disciples out of the Fortune Divine Kingdom to the Fortune Gate headquarters main hall.

The other six participating disciples—Wu Qian’er, Zheng Guo, Guo Yuanhui, Chen Kai, Tao Ming, and Sun Qiang were already waiting at the great hall.

Other than these six disciples, each of their respective Masters who were Fortune Gate Grand Elders, were also going to tag along to the Four Mainlands’ New Disciples Battle.

Wu Qian’er and the other five felt envious when they saw Zhou Xu, Tan Lin, Luo Yunjie, and Huang Xiaolong.

They would be lying if they said they were not envious. Just being able to cultivate inside the Fortune Divine Kingdom was enough to turn their eyes green with envy.

Huang Xiaolong took a quick glance at the six of them. After three years of cultivating at the Fortune Gate, Wu Qian’er and the others’ strength had improved significantly.

Wu Qian’er and the divine beast Snow Phoenix that lived inside the Snow Phoenix Flute had left a deep impression on Huang Xiaolong during the All-Islands Great War from a little over three years ago.

A while later, the group departed from the Fortune Gate.

A group of over twenty people flew out of the Fortune Gate great hall towards the transmission array.

The transmission array couldn’t directly transfer them to the peak of Ten Thousand Elephant Mountain, but they were able to arrive at the nearest place called the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom.

Then again, the Fortune Gate’s transmission array could not send Huang Xiaolong’s group directly to the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom either. They had to change more than a dozen transmission arrays to reach there.

It took Huang Xiaolong’s group two days to arrive at the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom since the Fortune Gate’s transmission array had lit up.

The Fortune Mainland had tens of thousands of kingdoms of various sizes, however, only the Fortune Kingdom was built by the Fortune Gate, while the rest were built by other families and forces on Fortune Mainland.

Huang Xiaolong’s group stayed a night at the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom as they had planned to travel towards Ten Thousand Elephant Mountain the next day.

One month later, the group finally reached the Ten Thousand Kingdom by travelling the entire way through the transmission arrays, stopping to rest in between.

Huang Xiaolong saw an enormous stone elephant in front of the square when he stepped out from the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom’s transmission array.

This stone carved elephant was several hundred zhang tall and exuded an ancient fierce beast aura.

A stone carving can actually exude a wild fierce beast aura? Huang Xiaolong was inwardly shocked and so were Zhou Xu, Tan Lin, Luo Yunjie, and other disciples. All of them stared fixedly at the stone carving.

"All of you are wondering why there is a fierce beast aura coming from that elephant stone carving, right?" Golden Brow Ancestor asked them as he saw their shocked expressions, but then continued to explain by answering his own question, "In fact, this elephant stone carving is an actual ancient divine elephant turned into a stone."

A real divine elephant turned into a stone! Not a stone carving?!

Huang Xiaolong, Zhou Xu, and the others couldn’t hide their shock.

"According to the old records, a supreme master used a petrifying technique to turn a divine elephant into a stone in the desolate era." Sky Sword Ancestor elaborated, "This divine elephant has been standing here for five billion years."

Five billion years!

Huang Xiaolong and the others felt the nerve on their own faces twitch. This was too unbelievable.

Five billion years had passed yet this petrified divine elephant continued standing in its place, despite how much heaven and earth, and empires had changed! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Shortly after, Huang Xiaolong suddenly thought of something, ‘could this desolate era divine elephant be still alive?’ Unfortunately, the little cow had not accompanied him and there was a high possibility that it could know more about this divine elephant.

Huang Xiaolong tried to use his divine sense to penetrate within the petrified divine elephant, but it was to no avail.

"In the past, most of us had tried using various methods to move this petrified divine elephant, but none of them worked. All of our strongest attacks were unsuccessful in leaving even a slightest mark on its body." Blood Knife Ancestor lamented and added, "But we think this divine elephant did not die, it merely fell into a deep slumber."

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes faintly glimmered with excitement.

"Alright now, enough about this divine elephant. Let’s go find a place to stay, then head to the Ten Thousand Elephant Mountain tomorrow." Sky Sword Ancestor said.