Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Several Ancestors led the group of disciples out from the transmission array square.

Before leaving, Huang Xiaolong glanced once more at the divine stone elephant. He inwardly deciding to bring along the little cow in the future to see if there was a way to resurrect this divine elephant.

The group soon found a place to stay after leaving the square.

Although the Ten Thousand Kingdom was adjacent to the Fortune Mainland it was not on the Fortune Mainland, hence it did not fall under the Fortune Gate’s governance. It was governed by a mysterious Patriarch of the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan.

No one has much knowledge of the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan’s origin.

According to some people, the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan had appeared soon after the arrival of the petrified divine elephant.

Regardless of the different versions of speculations, it was an undeniable fact that the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan was an ancient family of Vientiane World—even older than the Vientiane World Fortune Gate or Wangu Clan.

Even Fortune Gate and Wangu Clan were wary of the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan.

It was fortunate that the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan had only guarded the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom and had never expanded their forces. Most importantly, they had maintained a peaceful relationship with Fortune Gate, Wangu Clan, and even Dark Elf Tribe.

Moments after Huang Xiaolong’s group left the Ten Thousand Elephant Square, a group of people stepped out from the transmission array. This was the Wangu Clan group.

The person leading the Wangu Clan group exuded an aura of piercing ferocity, and this man was none other than the current Wangu Clan Patriarch Wangu Rui. Half a step behind him were Wangu Clan’s three Ancestors Wangu Junfei, Wangu Ren, and Wangu Haoyuan.

Standing behind the three Wangu Clan Ancestors were several Wangu Clan Grand Elders as well as Wangu Ziyi, Wangu Dongchen, and the rest of the ten participants.

Wangu Ziyi walked in step with Wangu Clan Grand Elders. His gait was strong and steady, and his eyes shone bright, full of life—resembling a starry night sky, akin to the two radiant suns in the daylight.

Wangu Dongchen walked beside Wangu Ziyi; he was significantly stronger as compared to the time when they were on Wu Island two years ago. Wangu Ziyi, Wangu Dongchen, and other disciples’ reactions were similar to Huang Xiaolong’s when they saw the petrified divine elephant as they stepped out of the transmission array. This was also their first time seeing the petrified divine elephant.

Soon, Wangu Rui briefly told the Wangu Clan disciples about this petrified divine elephant like Golden Brow Ancestor had told Huang Xiaolong and the others. They were extremely astonished when they heard about the duration it has been standing there unscratched.

"Patriarch, is there any way to resurrect this divine elephant?" Wangu Ziyi asked after some time had passed.

Wangu Rui smiled and said, "A way to resurrect the divine elephant? Of course there are few ways. One of it is to cultivate the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan’s Divine Elephant Evolving Dragon Art to the pinnacle while the other one is through the blood of the Ten Thousand Elephant King."

"No one in the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan has reached the pinnacle of Divine Elephant Evolving Dragon Art?" A Wangu Clan Grand Elder asked eagerly.

Ancestor Wangu Junfei who was standing beside Wangu Rui snorted "The pinnacle?". He questioned in return, "Do you think the Divine Elephant Evolving Dragon Art is easy to cultivate? There are a total of forty stages in the Divine Elephant Evolving Dragon Art. Throughout the several generations of Ten Thousand Elephant Clan’s Patriarch, tenth stage was the highest that they could reach. Even the current Patriarch Xiang Qi who is hailed as the most talented genius in a hundred million years has only reached the ninth stage!"

Many people in the group were shocked at this information.

Xiang Qi, the current Patriarch of the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan had only reached the ninth stage in the Divine Elephant Evolving Dragon Art?!

Patriarch Wangu Rui had once told Wangu Ziyi that Xiang Qi’s strength was way stronger than Wangu Rui himself and was unfathomable to a great extent.

"How about the blood of the Ten Thousand Elephant King?" Wangu Ziyi asked.

"Do you know the meaning of theTen Thousand Elephant King?" Wangu Rui shook his head as he asked the question. He eventually said, "The Ten Thousand Elephant King is a divine elephant who was born of heaven and earth at the time of Grandmist Era! Even the Ancient Heavenly Emperor was vigilant about him, as the Ten Thousand Elephant King could pierce a hole through the hell with a single stomp of his leg!"

The group of disciples including Wangu Ziyi quivered in apprehension and no longer dared to speak a word about the Ten Thousand Elephant King’s blood.

If what Wangu Rui said was true then just one hair from the Ten Thousand Elephant King’s leg could kill a cultivator as strong as Wangu Rui for ten thousand times consecutively.

"... Then, is there any other way apart from these two methods?" Wangu Ziyi asked again. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Only Wangu Ziyi dared to ask so many questions in front of Wangu Rui while other Wangu Clan disciples were too scared to say a single word in front of him.

Wangu Rui shook his head, "There may be other ways, but I am not aware of them. I only know these two. In fact, the main reason why the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan has existed for so many years and formed the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom is to resurrect the petrified divine elephant. This has been the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan’s sole mission for billions of years." Everyone was shocked at this new information.

"And, the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan has an ancestral order which states that anyone who can resurrect the petrified divine elephant will get recognized as the Master by the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan." Ancestor Wangu Haoyuan suddenly added.

Ambitious light shone from Wangu Ziyi, Wangu Dongchen, and the other disciples’ eyes as they stared fixedly at the petrified divine elephant.

The person who resurrects this petrified divine elephant could become the Master of the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan?

This...?!

Wangu Ziyi’s breathing quickened slightly.

What does it mean to be recognized as the Master by the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan?

Since a long time a rumor had been circulating the Vientiane World which claimed that whichever sect or family, regardless of their power and influence, could conquer the entire Vientiane World if they were recognized as the Master by the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan!

Conquer the entire Vientiane World ah!

Wangu Rui, Wangu Junfei, Wangu Ren, and Wangu Haoyuan exchanged a look among themselves when they saw the feverish look in disciples’ eyes. They knew exactly what was on their minds, but they also knew that for billions of years, countless of Ancestors had tried to think of different ways to resurrect the petrified divine elephant without any success.

....

While Wangu Ziyi’s group was learning and talking about the divine elephant, Huang Xiaolong was inside his room at their temporary accommodation. He was engrossed in studying some of the techniques that he had found in the Ghost Buddha Depository when someone knocked on his door.

Huang Xiaolong put away all of the technique manuals into his Asura Ring and opened the door. It was Luo Yunjie standing there.

"Brother Huang, I have heard that the Ten Thousand Elephant Kingdom Royal City’s Blazing Wine is quite good. Since we’re here, let’s go and try it out." Luo Yunjie happily invited Huang Xiaolong.

"Alright then, let’s go." Huang Xiaolong didn’t refuse, as he had already planned to go out for a stroll. Soon, they both stepped out and were on their way.

After some inquiring they found out that the Blazing Wine was served only at the Blazing Restaurant, therefore they were soon headed towards it.

Halfway through to the Blazing Restaurant, Huang Xiaolong and Luo Yunjie ran into several Wangu Clan disciples. One of them was Wangu Dongchen.

Huang Xiaolong was a little surprised running into Wangu Dongchen, but As soon as Wangu Dongchen spotted Huang Xiaolong a murderous aura surged from his body.

"Brother Ziyi, that’s Huang Xiaolong!" Wangu Dongchen’s voice was filled with hatred as he pointed Huang Xiaolong out to Wangu Ziyi.

Wangu Ziyi!

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes fell on Wangu Ziyi after he heard Wangu Dongchen call his name. Both of them stared at one another.

Wangu Ziyi’s gaze turned into a maelstrom of sword lights as he looked at Huang Xiaolong attacking him in an instant.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t dodge. His Archdevil Supreme Godhead spun, devouring all sword lights until nothing was left.

Wangu Dongchen and other Wangu Clan disciples were shocked at this outcome. They were aware about the great strength of that ancient technique Wangu Ziyi had just executed, but they had never imagined that Huang Xiaolong could break the attack so easily.