Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Zhu Feng respectfully complied, "Yes, yes, Senior Brothers please wait a moment, I will go invite Huang Xiaolong." He looked apprehensive as he turned around, but the moment his back faced He Fang and Chen Xuguang, the corners of his mouth curved into a faint cold sneer. Huang Xiaolong, let’s see if you can still be so arrogant this time!

Zhu Feng directly jumped off from the balcony and landed on the streets in a few swift strides. He then headed straight to fetch Huang Xiaolong, while inwardly filled with anticipation.

A step behind Zhu Feng were Elder Lu Tai and Elder Sun Yao.

Lu Tai and Sun Yao were Zhu Feng’s confidantes. Apart from cultivating, they spent most of their time following Zhu Feng like a shadow.

Their relationship was similar to Huang Xiaolong and the little cow.

Meanwhile, Huang Xiaolong was walking not far from Zhu Feng, while accepting the other disciples’ greetings with a slight nod of his head. He suddenly sensed a sharp gaze fixed on him. He looked around and immediately spotted Zhu Feng walking towards him from the other end of the street.

When Huang Xiaolong saw Elder Sun Yao following close behind Zhu Feng, his eyes narrowed coldly. He clearly remembered the incident when Elder Sun had given Yao Chi a difficult time after she had become Liu Chaosheng’s disciple. To top it off, he had even harbored indecent intentions towards her.

At that time, Li Chaosheng had mentioned to Huang Xiaolong that Sun Yao was a peak late-Third Order Ancestor God Realm with a great talent. He had also told Huang Xiaolong that Sun Yao could break through to the Fourth Order Ancestor God Realm within a hundred years to be promoted to the status of a Grand Elder.

"Hehe, Junior Brother Huang, we haven’t met for many years ah. Has it been twenty years since you had left in search of Li Lu in the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield?" Zhu Feng said as he stopped a few feet from Huang Xiaolong. His face was full of smiles as he went on, "I have been thinking of Junior Brother Huang day and night, hoping to get a chance to drink and talk with Junior Brother Huang. And today, Junior Brother Huang has finally returned!"

Others would have thought that Zhu Feng and Huang Xiaolong were good friends, judging from Zhu Feng’s words and manner. Probably, only tears of joy were missing during this friendly exchange.

Huang Xiaolong calmly responded, "Is that so? It seems I have concerned the Young Lord with my absence."

Zhu Feng chuckled meaningfully, then said, "Everyone knows that Junior Brother Huang is our Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate’s number one genius, and your future achievements are unimaginable. Not to mention, we’re brethren, therefore it is only right that I’m concerned about you. Since Junior Brother Huang has finally returned, let’s go to my residence to enjoy some drinks and chat."

Huang Xiaolong shook his head and declined, "Masters have summoned me back, so I need to return to the Fortune Divine Kingdom first. We can chat and drink on another day."

Sun Yao sneered loudly as Huang Xiaolong had actually dared to decline Zhu Feng’s invitation. "Huang Xiaolong, the Young Lord is personally inviting you to his residence, but you are actually declining his invitation? You really don’t know what’s good for you. If you want to elevate your status, then you should open your eyes and see who is in front of you."

Void devil beast Xu Baisheng, Feng Er, and the others’ faces turned frosty.

Huang Xiaolong raised his palm to calm them down. He looked at Sun Yao coldly and said, "Are you Sun Yao? I am speaking to your master, so do not bark noisily like a mad dog."

Master!

Dog!

The fat on Sun Tao’s face quivered for a second. A fierce, cold light burst in his eyes as he shouted, "You’re seeking death!"

However, Zhu Feng’s arm blocked Sun Yao. He smiled faintly at Huang Xiaolong as he said, "Junior Brother Huang, you must come with me today, even if you are short on time. In fact, two Senior Brothers want to meet you, and are waiting in my palace for you right now!" He then quickly added,, "Both of them are visiting from the Fortune Gate’s headquarters!"

From the Fortune Gate’s headquarters!

Huang Xiaolong raised an eyebrow in surprise. He had not expected that.

Why are those two here in the Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate’s branch?

Huang Xiaolong shook his head and said, "Go back and tell them that I would accompany them another day."

Zhu Feng was inwardly gloating at Huang Xiaolong’s answer. Huang Xiaolong ah, Huang Xiaolong, you refused as I had expected!

“Junior Brother Huang, pardon me, but the Senior Brothers have specifically asked me to roll you over to see them, in case you refused to follow their order.” Zhu Feng looked extremely ’troubled’ as he went on, "So, Junior Brother Huang, you’re making it difficult for me ah. I think it would be better if you quickly roll over to see the Senior Brothers!"

Killing intent flickered across void devil beast Xu Baisheng, Feng Er, and the others’ eyes, including divine elephant Xiang Xun.

Before entering Fortune City, Xiang Xun had shrunk his body to disguise himself as an ordinary elephant that was less than five meters tall.

"Master needs to roll over to see them?" Divine elephant Xiang Xun sneered coldly, "Forget it, not even the Fortune Gate headquarters’ Grand Elders, or Ancestors are qualified to demand that! You go back and tell them that if they want to see Master, they can roll over to the Fortune Divine Kingdom tomorrow! Master has no time for them right now!"

At the peak of his strength, Xiang Xun stood at the same level as the Fortune Gate headquarters’ so-called Ancestors. In his eyes, the headquarters’ Ancestors were truly not qualified.

Zhu Feng’s mind went blank, whereas Lu Tai and Sun Yao were stupefied. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Huang Xiaolong now has an elephant from God knows where he had gotten it, and he had actually said that He Fang and Chen Xuguang could roll over to the Fortune Divine Kingdom to see Huang Xiaolong?

On top of that, he had specifically mentioned to come see Huang Xiaolong the next day since he was currently busy?!

And the Fortune Gate headquarters’ Grand Elders and Ancestors were also not qualified to order Huang Xiaolong!

After a split second of incomprehension, Zhu Feng burst into a fit laughter, as if he had just heard the funniest joke. He pointed his finger at Xiang Xun and asked, "Junior Brother Huang, from where did you buy this joker? His tone is ten times bigger than yours, no, actually a hundred times bigger!"

Not even Golden Brow or Blood Knife would dare to joke about the headquarters’ Grand Elders, much less the Ancestors.

Joker!

Void devil beast, Feng Er, and the others gave Zhu Feng a sympathetic look, as he was a fool to laugh at Senior Xiang Xun, and call him a joker.

As the others had expected, divine elephant Xiang Xun lifted one of his front legs and smashed on Zhu Feng like he was swashing a fly. Zhu Feng’s body made a sharp arc in the air, crashing through numerous shops and finally splashing into a pond of a residence. He simply disappeared from sight.

Divine elephant Xiang Xun hadn’t even used any godforce; it was purely his physical strength, not to mention, it was less than one-millionth of his physical strength.

Even so, that kind of force was not something Zhu Feng’s small human physique could withstand.

Lu Tai and Sun Yao merely saw a blurry figure whizz past them, and in the next second, their Young Lord Zhu Feng was gone! By the time they could react, Zhu Feng was floating in the pond, and their hearts jumped out of their throats.

This!

Zhu Feng was a peak late-Third Order Ancestor God Realm master, yet he wasn’t able to withstand a light kick from an ordinary elephant by Huang Xiaolong’s side?

Was this elephant really a joker that Huang Xiaolong had bought from somewhere, like Zhu Feng had mentioned?

But this was not the time for speculating, hence. the two of them hastened to rescue Zhu Feng.

"Young Lord!" Lu Tai and Sun Yao screamed.

Void devil beast Xu Baisheng imitated Xiang Xun and said, "You two can scram!" His leg kicked out, sending Lu Tai and Sun Yao flying.

Lu Tai and Sun Yao looked over their shoulders when they sensed a terrifying force surging towards them from the back. In the next second, two figures could be seen flying through the shops’ walls helplessly, just like Zhu Feng.

And...they fell into the same pond as Zhu Feng.