Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Void devil beast Xu Baisheng also did not employ a shred of godforce, nor his corrosive devil qi. He purely used his physical force, but he kicked a little harder than divine elephant Xiang Xun.

In the distant pond, three clusters of bubbles gurgled on the water surface, sending out patterns of ripples.

A while later, Zhu Feng climbed out from the pond splashing water all around him. His wet hair stuck to his face along with dirt and algae from the pond.

Zhu Feng laid listlessly on the edge of the pond as blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth. Xiang Xun’s kick was hard enough to jumble his internal organs upside down, and he felt as if his body was going to collapse.

Not long after Zhu Feng, Lu Tai and Sun Yao also climbed out of the pond with a great effort. They looked more miserable than Zhu Feng, with blood continuously flowing out of their mouths.

Xiang Xun and void devil beast Xu Baisheng looked at the three figures coldly.

If Huang Xiaolong would have ordered them to kill these fools, they would have been nothing but ashes by now, instead of lying there and still breathing.

Yet, the kicks were enough to leave them debilitated for a good while.

Zhu Feng, Lu Tai, and Sun Yao were able to lift their heads after coughing up some more blood. They looked fearfully at the elephant and black beast at Huang Xiaolong’s side.

These two beasts! Especially that elephant!

Zhu Feng’s eyes dilated in fear.

Are they high-level Ancestor God Realm beasts?

These two beasts surely had the strength of the high-level Ancestor God Realm masters; there was even a chance they had reached Eighth Order or Ninth Order Ancestor God Realm!

Zhu Feng, Lu Tai, and Sun Yao had this same thought almost simultaneously.

"Huang Xiaolong, I am the Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate’s Young Lord. And yet you intentionally induced your subordinates to attack me and heavily injure me!" Zhu Feng suppressed the fear in his heart and shouted angrily. "I’m going to sue you in front of Father, just wait for your punishment! Not even Golden Brow or Blood Knife can save you this time, you’re going to be squatting inside the dungeon for thousands of years!"

Void devil beast Xu Baisheng lifted one of his legs.

Seeing this, Zhu Feng panicked and scrambled to flee towards the sky.

"Forget it." Huang Xiaolong said to Xu Baisheng.

Void devil beast Xu Baisheng complied respectfully, and did not pursue Zhu Feng.If Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t have stopped him,

Void devil beast Xu Baisheng had intended to shut this fart of a Young Lord up for a few hundred years with one kick.

Zhu Feng, Lu Tai, and Sun Yao ran back in a fluster to Zhu Feng’s residence. He Fang and Chen Xuguang were waiting for them on the balcony; only then did Zhu Feng, Lu Tai, and Sun Yao felt safe in the company of these Fortune Gate headquarters’ disciples.

Zhu Feng subconsciously felt that Huang Xiaolong won’t dare to harm He Fang and Chen Xuguang no matter how arrogant he was. Huang Xiaolong should have known very well that if he were to harm them, then he won’t need a coffin.

Of course, he was also aware that He Fang and Chen Xuguang were high-level Ancestor God Realm masters, late-Seventh Order Ancestor God Realm and peak late-Seventh Order Ancestor God Realm respectively.

They probably could deal with the two high-level beasts by Huang Xiaolong’s side, right?

Zhu Feng had already realized that the big elephant was not a joker. He now wondered where Huang Xiaolong bought him from?

"Senior Brother He Fang, And Senior Brother Chen Xuguang," Zhu Feng made a bitter face and complained when he reached the balcony of his residence, "That Huang Xiaolong, he...!" He pretended to be saddened by Huang Xiaolong’s response to his invitation and he coughed up blood before he could say anything further.

He Fang and Chen Xuguang’s faces were sullen.

They were seated on the balcony this whole time, therefore they had seen and heard everything very clearly.

He Fang and Chen Xuguang’s body exuded cold air as they thought about the incident they had just witnessed.

That elephant had actually suggested that they could roll over to the Fortune Divine Kingdom to see Huang Xiaolong tomorrow, since Huang Xiaolong had no time to see them today!

Even more infuriating was that the elephant had actually said that not even their Grand Elders and Ancestors had the qualifications to tell Huang Xiaolong to roll over!

Rampant!

A mere Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate’s disciples was audacious to this degree?! Huang Xiaolong had not only disrespected the two of them but also the Grand Elders and Ancestors from the Fortune Gate headquarters?

The two of them ripped the fabric of space and appeared ten meters away from Huang Xiaolong, almost in an instant.

He Fang’s eyes narrowed as he looked at Huang Xiaolong. He then looked at Huang Xiaolong’s group, and his gaze lingered a little longer on Xiang Xun and Xu Baisheng.

Feng Er’s beauty amazed him for a moment.

The Fortune Gate’s headquarters had many beautiful female disciples, but they were miles away from Feng Er’s beauty.

"Huang Xiaolong, we’re the disciples of Fortune Gate’s headquarters. You disobeyed our order even though you were made aware of our identities!" Chen Xuguang barked. His piercing cold gaze was fixed on Huang Xiaolong as he continued, "As a disciple of Fortune Gate, don’t you know the Fortune Gate’s rules?! How dare you rebel against your seniors?!"

"Rebel against seniors?" Huang Xiaolong repeated calmly, "Which Fortune Gate’s rule states that the headquarters’ disciples could issue an order to the branch disciples?"

He Fang and Chen Xuguang were taken aback.

Only then they remembered that there was no such rule in the Fortune Gate.

However, disciples from the Fortune Gate’s headquarters had an otherworldly air about them, that they were respected by all the Fortune Gate’s branches no matter what. No branch disciples dared to defy them, and the Gate Chief and Ancestors were always agreeable with them. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Thus, He Fang and Chen Xuguang inevitably expected Huang Xiaolong to obey them since he was a branch disciple; failure to do so was haughtily considered as a rebellion by them!

For a moment, they couldn’t retort to Huang Xiaolong.

"Let’s go!" Huang Xiaolong said to the rest of his group. As he passed by He Fang’s side, he said to him, "If you want to see me, come to the Fortune Divine Kingdom tomorrow."

At the end of the day, these two were disciples from the Fortune Gate’s headquarters. Not to mention, these disciples normally had big backings behind them. At the moment, Huang Xiaolong preferred avoiding conflicts with them, therefore, he did not tell them to roll over to the Fortune Divine Kingdom.

However, He Fang and Chen Xuguang were enraged. A branch disciple had told them that he had no time for them!

"Insolent!" He Fang bellowed and his fingers bent into claws with swirling green energy as he leaped forward to capture Huang Xiaolong.

This was one of the Fortune Gate’s divine arts named Green Light Power Claws.

But no sooner, a pair of hands reached out and locked his hands in mid way.

He Fang turned to look fearfully, and saw that a young man in black robes had blocked his attack. It was Gui Yi.

Gui Yi’s cold gaze met with He Fang’s gaze. Gui Yi twisted He Fang’s hands, and a split second, He Fang was screaming as he staggered back multiple times. He regained his balance and looked at his ten broken fingers.

Chen Xuguang was about to attack as well, but forcefully stopped himself, after seeing He Fang’s sorry state. He looked at Gui Yi in astonishment.

Another powerful character!

He...?! A Ninth Order Ancestor God Realm? Or late-Ninth Order Ancestor God Realm?

How is that possible! Huang Xiaolong was just a branch disciple, how could there be so many high-level Ancestor God Realm masters by his side?!

"This is a warning, if you don’t want to die, behave!" Gui Yi warned coldly.

Huang Xiaolong and the rest didn’t even give He Fang or Chen Xuguang a second look as they sped away flying in the air.

Chen Xuguang’s face turned green as he was rooted in the same spot for a long time. He didn’t dare to move even an inch.