Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Although everyone in the Fortune Gate’s group was enraged by Feng Yingying’s first condition, they had already anticipated it. However, Feng Yingying’s second condition for surrendering Huang Xiaolong was truly unexpected for them.

“Hand over Huang Xiaolong?!” Zhu Yi repeated in confusion.

“That’s right, hand over Huang Xiaolong!” Guo Family’s Ancestor Guo Da interjected. His scarlet eyes were fixed on Golden Brow Ancestor as he said, “Huang Xiaolong killed by grandson Guo Jun, therefore if you don’t surrender Huang Xiaolong, hehe!”

“What?!”

“Killed Guo Jun!”

Golden Brow Ancestor, Zhu Yi, and the others were genuinely astounded.

As Huang Xiaolong had ordered the Ten Thousand Elephant Clan’s Patriarch Xiang Tai to lock down the whole city, not many people from outside were aware of Guo Jun’s death at Huang Xiaolong’s hands. Other than Feng Yingying, Guo Da, Guo Shi, and the others from the sea tribe’s group, only the higher echelons of the sea tribe knew about Guo Jun’s death.

Thus, Golden Brow Ancestor, Blood Knife Ancestor, Zhu Yi, and the others were completely unaware about this news.

At this point, the Fortune Gate’s group finally understood why one of the sea tribe’s conditions was to hand over Huang Xiaolong—Guo Jun was the Guo Family’s number one genius disciple!

Importantly, Guo Jun was the first eight-tailed Silver Whale after countless millennials. Therefore Guo Jun was the Guo Family’s, and the whole sea tribe’s precious genius that they had been nurturing with much care. But Huang Xiaolong had killed their precious genius!

The entire sea tribe is surely longing to tear apart Huang Xiaolong into small bits of pieces at this moment.

Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor’s heart sank.

On the other hand, Zhu Yi and Black Ice Ancestor were inwardly delighted. Huang Xiaolong ah Huang Xiaolong, even your two beasts and the three subordinates who are late-Tenth Order Ancestor God Realm masters would meet their deaths this time!

Black Ice Ancestor could already imagine the sight of Huang Xiaolong and his subordinates being squeezed until they exploded to their deaths.

Zhu Feng was equally delighted when he heard Feng Yingying’s second condition while watching the whole scene unfold above his luxurious residence.

After a brief pause, Black Ice Ancestor broke the silence and said, “It is only right to pay life for life. Since Huang Xiaolong has killed the sea tribe’s Guo Family’s Guo Jun, we will surely surrender him to you. Please rest assured!”

Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor’s faces turned extremely grim, as Black Ice Ancestor self-righteously promised to hand over Huang Xiaolong to the sea tribe.

“Black Ice old hag, Huang Xiaolong is not your disciple, therefore you’re not the one to make any decisions concerning Huang Xiaolong!” Blood Knife Ancestor widened his eyes in anger. “Why don’t you hand yourself over to the sea tribe and let them take turns to fork you!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Take turns to fork you!

Black Ice Ancestor jumped up in exasperation, “Blood Knife, you, you old dog! Did I say something wrong? Since Huang Xiaolong has killed the Guo Family’s Guo Jun, do you want the whole Fortune Gate being dragged down by him? You want all the Fortune Gate’s disciples to bear the consequences for Huang Xiaolong’s actions?! Because you are willing to protect your disciple at all cost, then does that mean you will sacrifice the other Fortune Gate’s disciples?!”

Golden Brow Ancestor snapped and broke the argument between the two of them, “Enough!!”

Dazzling rays of golden lights shone out from Golden Brow Ancestor’s body, and his momentum churned the surrounding clouds away.

This small show of might shocked the sea tribe’s group.

Feng Family’s Ancestor Feng Jingxi and the rest subconsciously converged their arrogance a little.

Golden Brow Ancestor’s strength was stronger than they had expected.

Golden Brow Ancestor’s gaze were sharp as blades, as it swept past Black Ice Ancestor’s face, then fell on Feng Yingying, Feng Family’s Ancestor Feng Jingxi, Guo Family’s Ancestor Guo Da, and the others.

“I cannot agree with both of your conditions. Firstly, our Fortune Gate will not surrender the forces on the Fortune Mainland, and stay within the boundary of Fortune City. Secondly, Huang Xiaolong is my personal disciple, therefore even if he were to massacre the whole Guo Family’s disciples along with Guo Jun, then also I wouldn’t hand him over to you!” Golden Brow Ancestor’s tone was as hard as iron.

Domineering aura billowed from his body.

Feng Yingying’s face darkened at his words, so did the rest of her group members.

Black Ice Ancestor jumped out again, “Senior Brother Golden Brow, it’s true that Huang Xiaolong is your disciple, but Huang Xiaolong is also a disciple of Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate! Don’t forget that you’re no longer our Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate Chief; Zhu Yi is the current Gate Chief. Only Zhu Yi can decide how to deal with Huang Xiaolong. If everyone starts protecting their disciples, despite the crimes they have committed, then what’s the use of our sect’s rules? What is the use of having a Gate Chief?”

Zhu Yi stood there without saying a word. However, his silence in itself showed that he was on Black Ice Ancestor’s side.

In truth, he had been dissatisfied with Golden Brow Ancestor of late.

Golden Brow Ancestor had resigned from the Gate Chief’s position for a long time now, so Zhu Yi was not happy when Golden Brow ancestor was making decisions for Fortune Gate when the sea tribe brought up their two conditions. He believed that Golden Brow should respect him and let him make the decisions as the current Chief of the Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate.

As Black Ice Ancestor said, Huang Xiaolong was Golden Brow Ancestor’s disciple, but he was also a Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate’s disciple. SinceHuang Xiaolong had caused troubles outside, as the current Gate Chief, I have the right to punish him!

‘Can I not punish Huang Xiaolong just because he’s Golden Brow Ancestor’s disciple?’

Golden Brow Ancestor’s cold glance swept across Black Ice Ancestor and Zhu Yi.

“Black Ice, you claimed that I’m biased towards my disciple, then may I ask which Fortune Gate’s rule has my disciple violated?” Golden Brow Ancestor asked icily. “Or are you saying that my disciple has violated the Fortune Gate’s rules because he killed someone from outside? When did the Fortune Gate have a rule prohibiting their disciples killing outside?”

Black Ice Ancestor was stupefied.

“If my disciple has violated the Fortune Gate’s rules because he killed someone, what about you? You’ve never killed people? Following your logic, you too have violated the rules!” Golden Brow Ancestor stated.

Black Ice Ancestor argued, “The one he has killed Guo Jun!”

“Guo Family’s Guo Jun?” Golden Brow Ancestor snickered. “So, is there a Fortune Gate’s rule that prohibits killing the sea tribe Guo Family’s Guo Jun? Does it mean killing him violates our Fortune Gate’s rules?”

Black Ice Ancestor couldn’t find any words to retort.

Meanwhile, Guo Family’s Ancestor Guo Da had gotten impatient by this unnecessary exchange between the members of the Fortune Gate’s group. He shouted angrily, “Golden Brow, whether Huang Xiaolong violated any Fortune Gate’s rules or not is your internal business. Today, you don’t have a choice and must hand over Huang Xiaolong to us, otherwise, we will attack directly and kill you first, then flip the Fortune Gate upside down. We will eventually find Huang Xiaolong either way!”

“What a big tone!” A cold voice suddenly resounded to everyone’s surprise.

Everyone blanked for a moment. In the next second, they saw Huang Xiaolong flying out from the Fortune Divine Kingdom. Following behind him were void devil beast Xu Baisheng, Feng Er, Gui Yi, and Gui Er.

Guo Family’s Ancestor Guo Da and Guo Family’s Patriarch Guo Shi’s eyes turned scarlet as soon as they saw Huang Xiaolong.

“Huang Xiaolong, you’ve got guts to come out and face us!” Guo Family’s Patriarch Guo Shi laughed. His expression distorted with pain and hatred. “You killed my Jun’er, do you think that your Master, Golden Brow, will be able to protect you? Today, no one can save you!”

Huang Xiaolong stopped not far from the sea tribe, and looked at Guo Shi without any expression. “Indeed, no one can save you today.”

His words baffled them.

But the sea tribe’s Ancestors and Patriarchs were soon rolling in a fit of laughter in the mid-air, especially Guo Family’s Ancestor Guo Da and Patriarch Guo Shi’s laughter was the loudest.