Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

“No one can save me?” Guo Shi laughed at Huang Xiaolong, full of mockery. He laughed so hard that his stomach was aching, and there were tears at the corners of his eyes.

“Huang Xiaolong, you have a great sense of humor.” Guo Shi ridiculed and continued laughing. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I know, your Master Golden Brow, has broken through to God King Realm, but do you think relying on his early First Order God King Realm strength could kill me? Do you think he can handle all of us?”

“Let me tell you something important—seven of our sea tribe’s Ancestors have already broken through to God King Realm. So listen carefully, it is seven of us who had broken through to God King Realm!”

‘The king of gods, the gods’ king!’

“Forget your Master Golden Brow, even if he were to get help from two more early First Order God King Realm masters, you’re still going to die today!”

Close to the end of his words, Guo Shi’s face was grotesquely warped as he got more excited and his hatred intensified.

He was outraged by Huang Xiaolong’s insolence and foolishness.

Black Ice Ancestor spoke again, “Huang Xiaolong, you have brought this mess upon yourself, so I hope you won’t drag the Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate into it. Don’t dream of using the entire Vientiane World’s Fortune Gate as your protective shield, so it would be better for you to go obediently and receive your punishment from the Guo Family!”

Huang Xiaolong’s cold gaze swept across Black Ice Ancestor’s face like he was looking at a dead person.

In the past, he had endured Black Ice Ancestor time and again because she was Li Lu’s Master. But this time, he won’t compromise.

Still, that would have to wait until he was done dealing with the sea tribe.

“Huang Xiaolong, in a short few decades, you have broken through to the Ancestor God Realm from peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly God Realm, therefore even I acknowledge that you have a monstrous talent.” Feng Yingying said with a soft and enchanting voice. “Initially, I wanted to subjugate you as my male slave to have you follow me for your whole life. Unfortunately, you just had to go and kill Guo Jun. Now, I also can’t spare your life by making you my male slave because I will have to leave your fate in the Guo Family’s Ancestor and Patriarch’s hands!”

Feng Yingying was looking full of regret.

Male slave? Male pet...?

Huang Xiaolong looked at Feng Yingying’s ‘regretful face,’ and smiled nonchalantly. “It sounds as if I have to thank you for your accidental love, but if I were to pick a slave or a maid, I absolutely wouldn’t pick one of your kind.”

Feng Yingying was startled. She blinked her watery eyes at Huang Xiaolong, smiling alluringly as she asked full of interest, “Why so?”

Huang Xiaolong cooperated and answered her, “Because your breasts and ass are too big, and above everything else, you stink too much!”

Breasts and ass are too big!

Stink too much!

Everyone had weird expressions on their faces.

Blood Knife Ancestor’s eyes roved over Feng Yingying’s bosom and laughter bubbled out from his throat. “Exactly! Darling disciple, you have grasped the essence—too big is indeed not good, sags easily!”

Puff! Feng Er, Gui Yi, and Gui Er also failed to hold in their laughter.

Sags easily? Huang Xiaolong speechlessly looked at his Master. You said that, not me.

“Master, no matter what, she’s still the Lord Sea God, the supreme leader of the sea tribe. Can’t you be a little more... civil?” Huang Xiaolong tried to ease the atmosphere.

Blood Knife Ancestor laughed heartily. “Civil? This old man’s mouth can’t spout out any wishy-washy civil words!”

“Huang Xiaolong, you’re courting death!” Feng Family’s Patriarch Feng Kaiyun bellowed angrily. He punched in Huang Xiaolong’s direction.

“All-Boundaries Breaking Punch!”

Earth-shattering icy-blue sea godforce surged from Feng Kaiyun’s fist, forming fist images with strange explosive sounds with the might of destroying ten thousand world surfaces. In the blink of an eye, Feng Kaiyun’s fist was within meters from Huang Xiaolong.

This ‘All-Boundaries Breaking Punch was the most powerful attack amongst the Wilder Sea Divine Fist, and the Wilder Sea Divine Fist was one of the Feng Family’s supreme divine arts.

A pair of slender hands appeared out of nowhere, and slapped forth with a wave. Chilling ghost qi from these hands turned into an army of howling ghosts and collided with Feng Kaiyun’s Wilder Sea Divine Fist!

R-r-rumble~! R-r-r-rumble~~!

The sharp howls from the ghost army were akin to a million needles pricking into Feng Kaiyun’s mind.

Feng Kaiyun’s body shook and he leaped back several times.

What the...?!

Everyone was startled at the result. All of them turned to see who had parried Feng Kaiyun’s attack, and were astonished when they saw it was none other than the young woman clad in the fiery red dress at Huang Xiaolong’s side—it was obviously Feng Er.

“Peak late-Tenth Order Ancestor God Realm?!” Guo Family’s Patriarch Guo Shi blurted out in astonishment.

Feng Yingying, the sea tribe’s Ancestors and Patriarchs as well as Black Ice Ancestor and Zhu Yi were taken aback.

This Feng Er is actually a peak late-Tenth Order Ancestor God Realm.

“No wonder you dared to despise and ridicule this Lord, since you have a peak late-Tenth Order Ancestor God Realm master protecting you.” Feng Yingying said coldly as she recovered from her shock. She went on, “But, you don’t know right, a peak late-Tenth Order Ancestor God Realm is rubbish in front of a God King Realm master!”

Feng Yingying turned to Feng Er and said, “Miss, you don’t need to die with Huang Xiaolong. I don’t know what benefits Huang Xiaolong has offered you, but if you swear allegiance to me, I can give you twice the benefits!”

Feng Yingying had just used her Sea God’s bloodline power to test Feng Er, and had discovered her amazing talent. Not to mention, Feng Er also had a high chance of breaking through to God King Realm. This had roused her interest in taking Feng Er under her wings.

“In other words, I should be thanking you instead.” Feng Er’s tone suddenly turned nonchalant as she stated, “Pity, your breasts are too big!”

Pity, your breasts are too big!

Her tone was exactly the same as Huang Xiaolong.

Void devil beast Xu Baisheng, Gui Yi, and Gui Er chortled.

Feng Yingying’s face turned white, and then green. She pointed a trembling finger at Feng Er, Gui Yi, and the others, and said to Feng Family’s Ancestor Feng Jingxi, “Kill them for me! Especially this slut who doesn’t know what’s good for her, kill this slut!” She screamed.

Her image as the Lord Sea God had long been thrown out of the window.

Feng Family’s Ancestor Feng Jingxi complied. He stepped forward and fixed an icy glare on Feng Er. He raised his right palm and pressed in the air.

“The Boundless Great Sea!”

Suddenly, there was an intense pressure pressing down from high up in the air, as if it was coming from thousands of vast seas.

Feng Jingxi had completely displayed his power as a God King Realm master.

The pressure of a God King Realm master from Feng Jingxi’s body soared, tearing through the surrounding space.

Black Ice Ancestor was delighted as she inwardly chanted, ‘die, die, all go and die quickly.’ She could already see the sight of Huang Xiaolong and his subordinates’ blood painting everything in red under Feng Jingxi’s palm.

Golden lights flickered in Golden Brow Ancestor’s eyes. Just as he was about to make a move to save Feng Er, a giant, hairy black leg extended out. This giant leg aimed and kicked Feng Jingxi in swift movements. Feng Jingxi’s sight blurred, and in the next second, he collided with something big. The impact sent him shooting across the air like a super cannon ball.

However, Feng Jingxi’s body shot forward instead of backwards, smashing straight into a tall mountain peak outside of Fortune City.

Boom!

Feng Jingxi smashed into the mountain peak, shattering the top of the mountain into crumbles. Whereas, Feng Jingxi himself was buried under boulders and stones, and not a corner of his robe could be seen.

The Fortune Gate and sea tribe’s group were flabbergasted.

The sea tribe’s group’s jaws dropped as they looked at Feng Family’s Ancestor Feng Jingxi buried under the layers of rocks.

Feng Yingying, Guo Family’s Ancestor Guo Da, Black Ice Ancestor, Zhu Yi, Golden Brow Ancestor, and Blood Knife Ancestor were too stunned to speak.

A long time later, Black Ice Ancestor incoherently asked Myriad Flames Ancestor, her voice scratchy due to her suddenly dry throat, “Ju-st, that one, r-really is the sea tribe’s strong-strongest person, Feng, Feng Family’s Ancestor...?”

“It, it seems so...” Myriad Flames Ancestor’s tongue was quivering, affecting the clarity of his words.

Soon, everyone’s gazes turned away from the buried Feng Family’s Feng Jingxi and fell on the adorable looking void devil beast Xu Baisheng standing beside Huang Xiaolong.