Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Xiaolong looked at the slender figure standing in front of him, and a warm feeling filled his heart.

Li Lu has finally woken up!

Huang Xiaolong descended on the ground, ten meters away from Li Lu.

Their gazes met silently in midair for a long time.

A few minutes later, a smile bloomed over Li Lu’s face. Huang Xiaolong felt like her smile was similar to a warm spring breeze in the cold winter, or like the most dazzling flower brushed by the spring breeze.

She said, “You’re back.” Just like a wife who had been waiting for her husband to return for a long time.

Huang Xiaolong blanked for a second, then nodded his head. “I’m back.”

Li Lu walked towards Huang Xiaolong, and put her arm around his elbow. She began, “I’ve heard that you have planned to go to the Royal Buddha Great Worlds to get a Buddha Pellet for me.” A faint scent from her body wafted into Huang Xiaolong’s nose.

The two walked leisurely side by side into the Brimming Snow Palace.

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head and explained, “Xiaoniu said as long as you can consume a God King Realm master’s Buddha Pellet, the evil spirit inside your body could be suppressed. Furthermore, as long as you are able to suppress that evil spirit, it’s possible for you to refine the nefarious nightmare soul’s power by combining the God King’s Buddha Pellet and the elephant elixir that you have already absorbed to boost your cultivation!"

"Xiaolong!" Li Lu stopped suddenly.

Huang Xiaolong looked perplexedly at her, "Hmm, what is it?"

"I have troubled you!" Li Lu said as she looked at him deeply with misty eyes. She was referring to Huang Xiaolong running millions of miles to the Royal Buddha Great Worlds just to get her a God King’s Buddha Pellet, so that the evil spirit in her body could be suppressed.

She was concerned that the Royal Buddha Great Worlds was far away, and Huang Xiaolong would inevitably come across dangers along the journey.

Huang Xiaolong smiled as he reassured her, "You’re being silly. Didn’t my Mother say that you’re her daughter-in-law, regardless!"

When Huang Xiaolong mentioned his mother Su Yan, it reminded Li Lu of the time she had spent with Su Yan in the lower realm. Su Yan was doting and had long taken her as Huang Xiaolong’s wife.

The memories touched something in Li Lu’s heart, and her eyes turned red-rimmed.

“I’m no good.” Li Lu lowered her head, and sighed softly.

Huang Xiaolong shook her head, and said half-jokingly, “Who dares to say you’re no good? I’ll go beat them up!”

The corners of Li Lu’s lips spread into a faint smile. “If the Fortune Gate’s headquarters were to say that I’m no good, then are you going to beat them up as well?”

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t react for a second, then answered determinedly, “I would!”

Li Lu was stunned by his answer. There was a gentleness in her eyes as she chided, "Fool."

"About your Master... You don’t blame me?" Huang Xiaolong brought up Black Ice Ancestor.

Li Lu shook her head. "It was my Master who crossed the line."

Huang Xiaolong was relieved hearing her words.

The two continued walking into the Brimming Snow Palace.

A few days later, Huang Xiaolong left the Brimming Snow Palace.

In these upcoming few days, Huang Xiaolong and Li Lu merely talked; they talked about their lives in the lower realm, their experiences after they were separated, about cultivation, about alchemy, and so on...

Huang Xiaolong gave Li Lu a mountain-high pile of chaos spiritual pills before leaving the Brimming Snow Palace.

These chaos spiritual pills would last Li Lu through a hundred years of cultivation.

Just as Huang Xiaolong turned to leave, Li Lu suddenly hugged him from the back and whispered, “I like the scent from your body... It’s very nice... just like when we were small.”

Li Lu had already released him from her embrace before Huang Xiaolong could respond.

Huang Xiaolong grinned and told her that he too liked her scent. By the time he opened his arms to embrace her, Li Lu had already escaped into the Brimming Snow Palace full of giggles. She had whispered one more sentence before turning away, “We’ll see after you return.”

A wry smile appeared on Huang Xiaolong’s face as he looked at Li Lu’s back.

After leaving the Brimming Snow Palace, Huang Xiaolong headed in the direction of the Assembly God Shrine instead of returning to his Cosmos Palace.

Now that he had advanced to the Ancestor God Realm, and the trip to the Royal Buddha Great Worlds was imminent, it was time for him to refine the Blood Eye Devil Stele.

It didn’t take them long to reach the Assembly God Shrine.

Huang Xiaolong leaped off the little cow’s back and strode towards the Blood Eye Devil Stele.

The Blood Eye Devil Stele stood on the same spot as it had always been, with its same matt black surface, without any light.

Standing in front of the Blood Eye Devil Stele, Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath.

Like last time, Huang Xiaolong extended his palm and placed it on the top of the Blood Eye Devil Stele. The stele was cold under his palm. He then activated his Asura bloodline’s power.

At the same time, his Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s darkness element godforce glowed out from his palm and entered the the stele.

Strong rays of black light were emitted out of the black stele; it was as though the black light was coming from the deepest of hell, gloomy and bone-chilling.

The Blood Eye Devil Stele’s strong reaction naturally alerted Golden Brow Ancestor, Blood Knife Ancestor, and the others.

However, the terrifying darkness energy made Golden Brow Ancestor, Blood Knife Ancestor, and others wary to approach it. They could only watch Huang Xiaolong from afar.

Huang Xiaolong was shocked because the darkness energy’s bloodthirstiness spewing out from the Blood Eye Devil Stele was much stronger than the last time.

Why is it like this?

Was it because his strength was stronger than the last time, resulting in a stronger darkness energy being triggered by him triggered from the Blood Eye Devil Stele?

The black light grew increasingly stronger.

It reached the point where the black light from the Blood Eye Devil Stele pierced through the clouds, and formed a giant black hole above the Fortune Divine Kingdom, and inside it was roiling black light.

Seeing this, the little cow quickly spit out a cloud of purple lightning. This purple lightning cloud protected the surroundings, and at also softened the darkness energy significantly.

Right at this time, a surreal blood-red eye appeared above the Blood Eye Devil Stele, and it was several sizes bigger than the last time. The devil qi inside the blood-red eye was even more startling.

“Look out!”

The little cow and Golden Brow Ancestor shouted at the same time.

The two of them had barely warned Huang Xiaolong, when a beam of red light shot out from the blood-red eye straight at Huang Xiaolong, faster than he could react.

Fortunately, Huang Xiaolong was prepared. He had worn the Golden Divine Armor that he had received from Golden Brow Ancestor. Combined with his True Dragon Physique’s scary defenses, he merely felt a light impact when the red beam hit his chest.

Huang Xiaolong continued to circulate his Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s darkness godforce, channeling it into the Blood Eye Devil Steel.

The blood-red eye shot out two red light beams at Huang Xiaolong this time. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A resounding boom ensued.

Huang Xiaolong’s blood-flow reversed as the two red light beams struck him.

...

Time flowed on...

One hour passed...

The blood-red eye shot out more and more red beams of light, one wave more powerful than the last. As the number of red beams multiplied, even with Huang Xiaolong’s True Dragon Physique, it grew harder to withstand the blood-red eye’s attacks. In the end, Huang Xiaolong had no choice but to summon the Yellow Springs Magic Robe.

But Huang Xiaolong was surprised after summoning the Yellow Springs Magic Robe, as the blood-red eye actually closed and stopped attacking him!

Others were just as astonished.

But Huang Xiaolong soon remembered that the Blood Eye Devil Stele was refined by the Yellow Springs Archdevil, one of the Archdevil Lord Wu Tian’s Archdevil subordinates. The Blood Eye Devil Stele’s spirit must have sensed the Yellow Springs Archdevil’s aura from the magic robe, thus it had stopped attacking him.

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help feeling sour when he connected the dots. If he would have realized this sooner, he would have taken out the Yellow Springs Magic Robe right from the beginning, instead of being blasted multiple times by the blood-red eye’s attacks.

As the blood-red eye stopped attacking, Huang Xiaolong’s refining speed increased significantly. A day later, his Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s darkness godforce finally entered the heart of the Blood Eye Devil Stele’s formation.

Note:

Name revision: Ni Wutian to Wu Tian.