Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The moment Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s darkness element godforce entered the Blood Eye Devil Stele’s core, the Blood Eye Devil Stele released a glaring light, and it was so intense that Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor couldn’t keep their eyes open.

When Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor opened their eyes, they could see the Blood Eye Devil Stele rise from the ground and float towards Huang Xiaolong. It stopped above Huang Xiaolong’s head, and a blood-red light rushed down and entered his body through the crown of his head like a waterfall.

Both Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor were alarmed, were about to rush out and rescue Huang Xiaolong, but the little cow stopped them, “It’s fine, for Xiaolong, this is a good thing. We just need to guard him from the side.”

Therefore, Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor carefully observed Huang Xiaolong, and noticed that his momentum was rising at a shocking speed. Even Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor felt goosebumps running down their neck.

This...!

Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor subsequently quivered with excitement.

After refining some of the treasures from this world, the accumulated energy within the core formation of these treasures transfer into the person refining them, resulting in that person’s increased strength.

However, this kind of situation was rare. But this unidentified black stele was one of those treasures that contained such kind of heaven and earth energy that was flowing into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

And judging from the blood-red light’s energy fluctuations, there was a shocking amount of energy inside the stele!

Neither Golden Brow Ancestor nor Blood Knife Ancestor knew that this stele was the Blood Eye Devil Stele. Nonetheless, they were right about one thing—the accumulated energy inside the Blood Eye Devil Stele was shocking.

Huang Xiaolong was enshrouded by the Blood Eye Devil Stele’s blood-red light pillar, and he could feel waves of violent Hell’s spiritual energy rush into his body, which was nearly suffocating him.

Huang Xiaolong quickly circulated his godforce according to the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, and his three supreme godheads spun at a frenzied speed. Even his three avatars were sitting cross-legged on his three godheads making every effort to absorb the boundless Hell’s spiritual energy.

His three avatars’ cultivation had advanced to Ancient God Realm recently. But now, under these surging waves of Hell’s spiritual energy, their cultivations soared, breaking through to late-First Order Ancient God Realm in the blink of an eye, and subsequently, peak late-First Order Ancient God Realm!

Several hours passed.

Muffled crackles sounded as Huang Xiaolong’s three avatars breakthrough to Second Order Ancient God Realm!

Fortunately, the little cow, Golden Brow Ancestor, and Blood Knife Ancestor were ignorant of what was happening inside Huang Xiaolong’s body, or else they would have been frightened speechless.

Still Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor were astounded, as one month later they discovered that Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation had risen from late-First Order Ancestor God Realm to peak late-First Order Ancestor God Realm!

Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor were trembling at this result.

Even the little cow was taken aback by Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation speed. Even though she knew that the Blood Eye Devil Stele was something refined by Archdevil Lord Wu Tian, and naturally there was a considerable amount of spiritual energy inside the Blood Eye Devil Stele, she had not expected Huang Xiaolong to progress in his cultivation this speedily. This was mainly because she hadn’t expected there to be such a high quality of spiritual energy inside the Blood Eye Devil Stele.

If it wasn’t for the large amount of high quality spiritual energy within the Blood Eye Devil Stele, it was unlikely that Huang Xiaolong could breakthrough to peak late-First Order Ancestor God Realm in such a short time.

Not to mention, a high emperor rank godhead genius like Wang Wei took several hundred years to reach the peak late-First Order from the late-First Order Ancestor God Realm, but Huang Xiaolong had achieved the same within a month’s time!

This speed was more than a thousand times faster! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

...

Two months went by.

The blood-red light pillar continued to enshroud Huang Xiaolong.

As time passed, the blood-red light pillar became stronger instead of diminishing, which was very unexpected and shocking. And with this, spiritual energy flowed faster into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

Although the spiritual energy inside the Blood Eye Devil Stele was shocking, Huang Xiaolong did not feel any discomfort. Perhaps it was because he had refined the Blood Eye Devil Stele. Therefore, despite the violent Hell’s spiritual energy, Huang Xiaolong had not exploded to his death.

A little over three months later, muffled blasts sounded from the inside of Huang Xiaolong’s body.

These muffled blasts resembled a butterfly breaking out from its cocoon.

Huang Xiaolong had broken through to Second Order Ancestor God Realm!

Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor were agape with shock, as they witnessed Huang Xiaolong breaking through to Second Order Ancestor God Realm in mere three months. They had simply blanked out with disbelief.

The moment Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation rose to Second Order Ancestor God Realm, the energy from the Blood Eye Devil Stele intensified. The blood-red light pillar was even more dazzling, as if the stele itself could adjust the level of spiritual energy flowing into Huang Xiaolong’s body. As long as Huang Xiaolong’s strength kept increasing, the amount of spiritual energy from the Blood Eye Devil Stele would simultaneously increase as well.

The spiritual energy from the blood-red light pillar was the exact limit that Huang Xiaolong could endure every time.

In truth, Huang Xiaolong and his three avatars were not the only ones benefiting from the Blood Eye Devil Stele’s spiritual energy. The four divine fires inside his body, the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, and the Yellow Springs Magic Robe were also benefiting from this spiritual energy.

The four divine fires, Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, and the Yellow Springs Magic Robe were continuously absorbing the darkness element energy coming from the Blood Eye Devil Stele.

The Yellow Springs Magic Robe’s damaged magic symbols and formations were slowly repairing themselves, as the robe absorbed the Blood Eye Devil Stele’s darkness element energy. The magic symbols glimmered softly as if they were coming to life.

However, Huang Xiaolong was not aware of this. At this point, he had already entered an ethereal state.

A black dragon and blue dragon’s head appeared on Huang Xiaolong’s back, exuding a powerful dragon might.

Perhaps they were stimulated by the intense energy from the Blood Eye Devil Stele. Additionally, the chaos golden dragon lightning qi between Huang Xiaolong’s brows was roiling two times faster as it circulated throughout his body, tempering his True Dragon Physique, his three supreme godheads and his three avatars.

Without realizing it, the little cow, Golden Brow Ancestor, and Blood Knife Ancestor had been guarding Huang Xiaolong for more than a year now.

During this time, the Blood Eye Devil Stele had continued to channel spiritual energy into Huang Xiaolong’s body. With this, Huang Xiaolong’s strength had already broken through to mid-Second Order Ancestor God Realm, and was climbing up to peak mid-Second Order Ancestor God Realm.

As they continued witnessing this speedy increase in Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation, Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor kept growing speechless, and then turned numb from the initial astonishment.

Another three months passed.

Suddenly, the Blood Eye Devil Spirit’s blood-red light pillar started to dim and then vanished. Then the stele turned into a streak of black light and flew towards Huang Xiaolong’s forehead, and entered the Golden Dragon Lightning Pool’s space.

Golden Brow Ancestor and Blood Knife Ancestor sighed in relief when they saw this.

They were afraid that they wouldn’t have been able to stand the ‘blow’ if Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation had continued to soar for a few more years.

Several more hours passed. Huang Xiaolong’s vigorous momentum completely converged as he slowly opened his eyes.

Elation flickered across his eyes. He had actually managed to obtain the darkness element energy inside the Blood Eye Devil Stele after he had refined it. Not to mention, his cultivation had broken through to late-Second Order Ancestor God Realm!

Had it been his usual cultivation time, it would have taken him more than a decade to reach late-Second Order Ancestor God Realm. And that too even after taking the advantage of his three supreme godheads and the four-colored spiritual gathering formation into the equation! But he had merely used one year and seven months!

Huang Xiaolong stretched to loosen his muscles.

The little cow, Golden Brow Ancestor, and Blood Knife Ancestor finally approached Huang Xiaolong from a distance.