Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Xiaolong stood up, then punched out with his fist in an empty space. The space in front of him shattered. A great force rushed into the void, creating a vacuum in the midst of spiritual energy in the depths of the void.

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head with satisfaction looking at this result. Purely his True Dragon Physique’s physical strength could kill a late-Third Order God King Realm cultivator.

He had been able to advance to the God King Realm this time by absorbing the ten dragon pearl’s dragon essence energy. In truth, he had broken through to peak mid-First Order God King Realm in one go.

Even so, Huang Xiaolong was not surprised. It was already a boon that he had successfully broken through to peak mid-First Order God King Realm by borrowing the dragon essence energy from the ten dragon pearls.

In general, the Divine World’s supreme godhead geniuses could at the most reach only the peak early First Order God King Realm when they broke through to the God King Realm.

Now that I’ve broken through to the God King Realm, I should be able to refine the Netherworld King’s Jade’s third level restriction! Huang Xiaolong thought inwardly, anticipating the benefits of refining the third level restriction.

As long as he could refine the Netherworld King’s Jade’s third level restriction, he would be able to learn the location of the Lord of Hell’s heritage.

Only now did Huang Xiaolong look at his surroundings and was surprised to see the little cow, Xu Baisheng, Xu Jiang, Xu Yong, Xu Shi, Feng Er, and the rest, other than Xiang Xun, were sitting cross-legged in cultivation.

“Master.” Xiang Xun approached Huang Xiaolong with a joyous expression as he saluted respectfully. “Congratulations for successfully advancing to God King Realm and raising your strength to another level!”

Huang Xiaolong smiled at Xiang Xun and nodded. “At my current strength, I can probably resolve another hundred of your petrification seals.”

Though the latter petrification seals in Xiang Xun’s body got increasingly stronger, Huang Xiaolong was still quite confident of his current strength.

If he transformed into a blue primordial divine dragon, he could downright abuse a supreme godhead Fourth Order God King Realm genius, a Fourth Order God King Realm Sun Shihai for example.

Upon hearing that Huang Xiaolong could further resolve another hundred of his petrification seals, Xiang Xun was almost beyond himself with excitement. He had been suppressed by the petrification seals for far too long. There had never been a moment that he did not think about recovering his strength since Huang Xiaolong had resurrected him; it was every minute, every second.

Right at this time, there were violent energy fluctuations coming from the other end of the passage.

Huang Xiaolong and Xiang Xun both looked towards the passage. Feng Er was completely enshrouded in strong, flickering light as her momentum rose rapidly.

“Oh, Feng Er’s about to break through.” Huang Xiaolong grinned at this sight.

Borrowing the mysterious energy from the elf-plants that had sprouted during Huang Xiaolong’s break through to God King Realm, Feng Er whose cultivation had been stuck at the peak late-Tenth Order Ancestor God Realm, finally took that step into God King Realm.

Huang Xiaolong had barely finished speaking, when there were two more sources of violent energy fluctuations in the air. When he turned around, he saw Gui Yi and Gui Er enshrouded in blinding lights—these were signs that they too were about to break through to God King Realm.

Huang Xiaolong was genuinely dumbfounded now.

Before he could utter another sound, crackling purple lightning emerged from the little cow’s body, exuding waves after waves of terrifying destructive power.

“Could it be, Senior Xiaoniu is also about to break through?” Xiang Xun clearly sounded dumbfounded.

But suddenly, the purple lightning and destructive power around the little cow disappeared without a trace, just like that.

Xiang Xun blinked his eyes several times. What’s going on? Did her break through fail? Or...?

Huang Xiaolong was also baffled. It was impossible to fail during a breakthrough with her experience.

Several days later.

Feng Er, Gui Yi, Gui Er, and Gui San consecutively broke through to God King Realm, and stopped cultivating. The rest also retreated from their cultivating state except the little cow, as she continued to immerse in her cultivation. They waited for another two days, yet the little cow continued to cultivate, so Huang Xiaolong left her alone. He had Xu Baisheng and the others stand guard whilst he began dealing with the petrification seals in Xiang Xun’s body.

Previously, Huang Xiaolong had resolved fifty-two seal ‘walls’ and despite his efforts, the fifty-third wall had not budged even an inch. But this time around, the fifty-third wall crumbled in a second like a bubble!

Fifty-third wall, fifty-fourth, fifty-fifth...!

Within half an hour’s time, Huang Xiaolong shattered through three petrification seal walls.

Though Huang Xiaolong was slightly delayed at the fifty-sixth wall, it only took him an hour or so to break past it.

Xiang Xun was overjoyed as he sensed the petrification seals within him being shattered one after another by Huang Xiaolong. When Huang Xiaolong had first attempted to resolve his petrification seals, it had taken him two days just to deal with the first wall, whereas now, in less than two hours, Huang Xiaolong had resolved four walls! At this rate, Huang Xiaolong probably could resolve up to two hundred petrification seals!

.....

Soon, a month went by.

Under Huang Xiaolong’s efforts, he successfully shattered a hundred petrification seals within Xiang Xun’s body. Counting the fifty-two seals Huang Xiaolong had resolved earlier, it brought the total to one hundred and fifty-two.

However, the difficulty increased by several times after the one hundred and fifty-third petrification seal. Each seal thereafter took Huang Xiaolong almost a week to deal with.

By the time Huang Xiaolong reached the one hundred and eightieth seal, the days increased to ten for each seal.

Upon reaching one hundred and ninety-sixth seal, Huang Xiaolong took half a month to resolve it. So, he stopped after that. Though he could still go on and resolve a few more petrification seals, it was consuming too much time, time that would be better spent on refining the third level of the Netherworld King’s Jade’s restrictive formation to further raise his strength. He could then resolve more of Xiang Xun’s petrification seals in less time.

Overall, Huang Xiaolong had spent over four months on resolving Xiang Xun’s petrification seals.

Xiang Xun’s cultivation had recovered to a high-level Heavenly Monarch Realm, though it was only the early Seventh Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, compared to before, he was hundred times stronger.

To Huang Xiaolong’s surprise, the little cow was still cultivating even after he had finished resolving over a hundred of Xiang Xun’s petrification seals!

“This old cow!” Huang Xiaolong scoffed.

Since the little cow was still cultivating, Huang Xiaolong did not disturb her. Instead, he walked towards the Ten Dragons Formation, and manipulated the Ten Dragons Formation, sending all of the trapped experts in the maze outside of the Tianwu Treasure. The Tianwu Treasure subsequently shrunk in size under Huang Xiaolong’s control and whistled away, hiding completely in the void of the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield.

After taking care of all these things, Huang Xiaolong instructed Xiang Xun and the others regarding some important things before heading to the deepest space of the Tianwu Treasure. He then took out his Netherworld King’s Jade. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Huang Xiaolong inhaled deeply as he looked at the Netherworld King’s Jade in his hand. The time had come for him to refine the Netherworld King’s Jade’s third restriction.

He sat down cross-legged and adjusted his mind and body, and his breathing became long and deep, only then did he activated the chaos Golden Dragon Lightning Pool’s formation. Streaks of lightning immediately snaked out from both of his arms.

With his two previous experiences, Huang Xiaolong tread even more carefully this time. He also had the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell protect his soul, before he cautiously manipulated the chaos golden dragon lightning into the Netherworld King’s Jade space.

A darkness element archdevil soon appeared in Huang Xiaolong’s sight, exuding an overwhelming pressure and devil qi. The surrounding darkness element energy was gathered into pillars of tornadoes that closed in on Huang Xiaolong.

Even though Huang Xiaolong had broken through to the God King Realm, he still felt great pressure from the darkness archdevil.

Huang Xiaolong quickly formed a protective barrier over himself with the chaos golden dragon lightning’s power, destroying the devil qi coming towards him.

One month turned into two months....

One year, two years...

Time flowed by. In the blink of an eye, six years had passed.

The surface of Huang Xiaolong’s skin was emitting radiant glimmers. From afar, he resembled a world of light, without any darkness, or anything. He was the light.

Suddenly, the Tianwu Treasure’s space shook vigorously as if it was about to collapse, then, a loud boom resounded.