Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the three clans’ captain guards flattened to the street by Xiang Xun, the rest of He Lianfang, Ning Shaozhi, and Yang Cheng’s subordinates panicked, and their eyes widened in terror.

The three clans’ captain guards were all low-level Heavenly Monarch Realm masters, but that big elephant had smashed them to the ground in a split second!

This big elephant!

Ignoring these slaves brought by He Lianfang, Ning Shaozhi, and Yang Cheng, Huang Xiaolong slowly walked towards the three young lords.

Though his attack was a little heavy-handed, He Lianfang, Ning Shaozhi, and Yang Cheng were all early Sixth Order God King Realm masters, so they wouldn’t have died so easily. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The He Clan, Ning Clan, and Yang Clan’s slaves saw Huang Xiaolong targeting their young lords, so one of the He Clan’s slaves shouted with false bravado, “Punk, you dare—!”

However, before that slave could finish his words, Huang Xiaolong extended his palm and grabbed at the slave’s neck from across the air and flung the slave away. The slave screamed as his body crashed to the other end of the street.

The rest of the He Clan’s slaves were terrified to silence after witnessing this.

Huang Xiaolong continued to walk towards He Lianfang, Ning Shaozhi, and Yang Cheng, while the three struggled to get up from the ground.

Their faces had paled the moment they had seen Xiang Xun flattened the three clans’ captain guards.

Merely a few seconds later, Huang Xiaolong was already standing in front of the three young lords.

“I hadn’t expected your subordinate to be actually a high-level Heavenly Monarch Realm master, but so what? Even if he’s a pinnacle Heavenly Monarch Realm master, once you entered the Floating Twilight Land, in front of the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace, you can only obediently keep your head down. Punk, you’ve got guts to injure us despite knowing we’re the disciples of Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace! You think you can be arrogant just by relying on one high-level Heavenly Monarch Realm subordinate?! And act fearless in our Floating Twilight Land?!” He Lianfang suppressed the shock in his heart and berated. The more he said, the more agitated he became, to the point of pointing a finger at Huang Xiaolong’s face.

Even though he was greatly shocked to find out that Huang Xiaolong had a high-level Heavenly Monarch Realm master by his side and had realized that his identity would not be of a simple, ordinary Fortune Emperor Palace’s disciple, He Lianfang didn’t think too much into it.

Like what he had said, even if you’re a pinnacle master of Heavenly Monarch Realm outside, once you stepped onto the Floating Twilight Land, you’d better watch out and act courteous in front of the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace’s disciples.

“Arrogant?” Huang Xiaolong suddenly laughed.

“What you’re saying is, when you bring your subordinates to look for trouble with me, attacking me, wanting to kill me, I should be standing still and allow you to kill me without resisting. Only then I am not arrogant?”

“In this Floating Twilight Land, only disciples of Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace can be arrogant, is it?”

He Lianfang and the others listening to Huang Xiaolong were caught off guard by his retort.

“That’s right, punk! In this Floating Twilight Land, only us, disciples of Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace can be arrogant!” Yang Cheng suddenly interjected with a sneer. He rubbed away the bloodstain at the corner of his mouth with his fingers. He glanced at the exploded fragments of his brocade robe, then stared fixedly at Huang Xiaolong and said, “Have you ever thought of the consequences of injuring the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace’s disciples in the Floating Twilight Land? Once in the past, a mid-level Heavenly Monarch Realm Elder from some Emperor Palace came in from outside, injuring one of our Martial Demon Emperor Palace’s inner sect disciples. Do you know what happened to that mid-level Heavenly Monarch Realm Emperor Palace’s Elder in the end?”

“He was captured by our Martial Demon Emperor Palace’s Grand Elder, and his tendons were pulled out, bones shattered and skinned, before his flesh was flayed piece by piece. Lastly, his soul was refined into a low-grade chaos demonic pill!”

Yang Cheng’s harsh words reverberated in the air.

Huang Xiaolong was frowning.

Seeing Huang Xiaolong’s frown, He Lianfang assumed Huang Xiaolong was afraid, thus he sneered disdainfully and said, “Now, if you kowtow and apologize, and leave your maidservant behind, you can still leave safely.”

Of course, he was planning to report the matter to the Magic Shaman Emperor Palace headquarters the moment Huang Xiaolong left. He Lianfang felt bouts of vented satisfaction upon imagining the scene where Huang Xiaolong was captured by their Magic Shaman Emperor Palace’s experts, and had his tendons pulled out, bones shattered, flesh flayed piece by piece.

Huang Xiaolong observed the glimmer of hatred flicker across He Lianfang’s eyes, the cold complacence in Yang Cheng’s eyes, and the killing intent in Ning Shaozhi’s eyes, then he disappeared in a blur. He punched with his fist in the next second. He Lianfang, Yang Chen, and Ning Shaozhi were once again sent flying backwards before they could react.

This time, the three of them smashed across several buildings before getting buried underneath the rubble. Their bodies jerked and twitched endlessly. Huang Xiaolong took a step forward, appearing almost instantly above them in midair. A suction force from Huang Xiaolong’s palms pulled the three young lords out from the rubble. This time, Huang Xiaolong did not use the chaos golden dragon lightning’s purifying power, but his Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s devouring power.

Before the stupefied crowd, the three young lords’ bodies shrunk at a rate visible to the naked eye, turning into three dried corpses.

With Huang Xiaolong’s current strength, his Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s devouring power had reached a terrifying speed that even the Seventh Order God King Realm masters would turn into dried corpses in the blink of an eye.

After devouring He Lianfang, Ning Shaozhi, and Yang Chen’s blood essence, true essence, and godforce, Huang Xiaolong was already standing in front of Xiang Xun in a flicker.

“Bring the three of them, let’s go.” Huang Xiaolong pointed at the He Clan, Ning Clan, and Yang Clan’s Heavenly Monarch Realm captain guards as he instructed Xiang Xun. He leaped onto the little cow’s back and sped away.

Xiang Xun wrapped up the three captain guards with his godforce, and sped away. So did Xu Baisheng, Feng Er and the rest in the same direction as Huang Xiaolong, leaving the Demonic Python City behind them.

None of the three clans’ slaves dared to stop Huang Xiaolong and his group from leaving.

“Hurry, report to the Patriarch!”

“Also, have Patriarch request aid from the Martial Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace!”

“Our young lords are the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace’s inner sect disciples. These disciples from outside actually dared to kill our Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace’s disciples, this is courting death!”

The three clans’ slaves clamored with rage.

While Huang Xiaolong sped away, inside one of the Demonic Python City’s restaurants, sat a nondescript middle-aged man. None of the people passing by nor sitting near him noticed him; he was unnoticeable as if he was part of heaven and earth.

He was holding a wine cup in midair while muttering to himself, “Is it the Grandmist Parasitic Medium? Those energy fluctuations were clearly the grandmist godforce practiced through the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. Could there be a third person that has successfully cultivated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium in this universe...?”

If that is true, then...! There were intense ripples of excitement in his eyes at the thought of this possibility.

His figure disappeared silently from the restaurant. Then again, no one had noticed his presence from the beginning, as if he had not existed at all.

At this time, Huang Xiaolong’s group was already tens of thousands li away from the Demonic Python City, and had descended in front of an old forest.

“Punk, you’ve killed our young lords! It doesn’t matter where you run, you can’t escape, I advise you to give up, maybe you can die more comfortably.” The He Clan’s captain guard sneered at Huang Xiaolong.

Although Xiang Xun had restricted their godforce, they could still speak.