Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

“Can’t escape?” Huang Xiaolong turned around and coldly looked at the He Clan’s captain guard.

“Yes, because you killed our young lords! The Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace rule the Floating Twilight Land, so you will not be able to escape. No one can save you now, in fact no one has the guts to save you!” The Ning Clan’s captain guard snickered.

The Yang Clan’s captain guard kept silent but his mocking gaze and expression showed that he too shared the same thoughts with the other two clans’ captain guards.

In the three captain guards’ opinions, Huang Xiaolong would die a hundred times, even a thousand times more miserably than their young lords!

A Fortune Emperor Palace’s disciple? Hmmph!

The Fortune Emperor Palace might be able to deter most other Emperor Palaces, but the Fortune Emperor Palace was not a big deal in the eyes of the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace. Not to mention, even if they were to kill a Fortune Emperor Palace’s disciple, or even a Fortune Emperor Palace’s Elder, the Martial Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace won’t bother to give any explanation to the Fortune Emperor Palace. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Want to know why I brought the three of you with me?” Huang Xiaolong suddenly asked.

All the three captain guards were silent.

They had not had time to ponder about this so far.

“Do you want to use us as hostages to blackmail the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace?” The He Clan’s captain guard snorted.

Huang Xiaolong shook his head in pity and asked in return, “Do you think you’re worthy in the eyes of Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace?”

The three captain guards frowned deeply. Indeed, as this black-haired young man had said, it was useless to use them as hostages against the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace.

“Honestly, escape has not been my intention all along.” Huang Xiaolong stated flatly. Before the three captain guards could react, a force pulled them towards Huang Xiaolong. In the next second, the He Clan’s captain guard felt his entire body’s blood essence, true essence, and godhead’s godforce flow out uncontrollably from his body into Huang Xiaolong.

The He Clan’s captain guard opened his mouth, wanting to scream but there seemed to be a hand strangling his throat, disabling him to make a sound. His face pinched in fear and terror as he struggled to break free while his body dried up rapidly.

In a few breaths, the He Clan’s captain guard had turned into a dried corpse, like He Lianfang, Ning Shaozhi, and Yang Cheng.

Huang Xiaolong released his grip over He Clan’s captain guard, letting the dried corpse fall to the ground.

The other two clans’ captain guards had turned deathly pale after witnessing this horrendous sight. There was despair of death in their eyes, as they finally realized why Huang Xiaolong brought them along with him.

Huang Xiaolong’s gaze then fell on the two remaining captain guards.

The Ning Clan’s captain guard quivered violently and his pupils dilated in fear. He struggled, shaking his head and begging, “No, don’t kill me, you can’t escape even if you kill me, no—!”

Can’t escape even if I killed you?

Huang Xiaolong reached out and grabbed the Ning Clan’s captain guard up to him, and his Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s devouring power came to life once again.

Soon, the Ning Clan’s captain guard met with the same fate as the He Clan’s captain guard.

The Yang Clan’s captain guard quivered as he stared at the Ning Clan’s captain guard’s dried corpse thrown to the ground from midair. His mouth opened and closed, making unintelligible noises.

Another several breaths later, the last one, the Ning Clan’s captain guard’s corpse tumbled to the ground, after his blood essence, true essence, and godhead’s godforce was being sucked by Huang Xiaolong.

With a snap of his fingers, three wisps of flames shot out from Huang Xiaolong’s fingers and fell onto the three captain guards’ dried corpses, incinerating them to dust.

“A very domineering devouring power, a domineering darkness element godhead!” Right at this time, an ethereal voice sounded out of nowhere.

Huang Xiaolong, Xiang Xun, Xu Baisheng, and the others were startled. Everyone scanned their surroundings in alert and saw a nondescript middle-aged man standing a dozen meters away, looking at them.

Huang Xiaolong and the others could not detect any signs of life from this middle-aged man even as he stood there, right in front of them. No one in Huang Xiaolong’s group had noticed when he had arrived, not even Xiang Xun, who was the strongest of their group.

Another thing that no one noticed was the glimmer of light in the little cow’s eyes when she saw the middle-aged man, as well as the strange expression on her face.

“Who are you? Someone sent by the Martial Demon Emperor Palace or Magic Shaman Emperor Palace?” Huang Xiaolong demanded. Godforce surged throughout his body as he prepared to attack if the nondescript middle-aged man made any unwarranted move.

Even Xiang Xun had not discovered when this middle-aged man had arrived. Is he a pinnacle Heavenly Monarch Realm master? Or an Emperor Realm master?

Xiang Xun’s godforce was seething throughout his body with a solemn expression that others had never seen before. Only Xiang Xun knew how terrifying this nondescript middle-aged man’s strength was.

Xiang Xun had seen Huang Xiaolong’s Master Zhao Lei. Even though Zhao Lei was an Emperor Realm master, he had not given Xiang Xun a sense of danger, the way this middle-aged man was giving him as he stood in front of him.

The middle-aged man watched Huang Xiaolong, Xiang Xun, and the others full of wariness and alert. He smiled amiably at them as he said, “Young friends, there is need not be so nervous, I am neither from the Martial Emperor Palace nor Magic Shaman Emperor Palace, and certainly not malicious.”

The tension around Huang Xiaolong’s group eased slightly at his words, but they were still wary.

“Young Friend, didn’t you use the Grandmist Parasitic Medium’s grandmist godforce when you were at the Demonic Python City?” The middle-aged man hesitated for a moment, but asked abruptly with bright shining eyes.

Huang Xiaolong trembled hearing his question.

What was going on here? Since the time he started to practice the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, no one had been able to recognise his grandmist godforce, much less notice that he practiced the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. How did this middle-aged man see that he practiced the Grandmist Parasitic Medium? See through his grandmist godforce?!!

Xiang Xun, Xu Baisheng, and the others were just as shocked.

The little cow’s voice broke the silence at this time, “He could tell you’re practicing the Grandmist Parasitic Medium and could recognize your grandmist godforce, because he also practices the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. Furthermore, his level is higher than yours!”

“What?!”

Xiang Xun, Xu Baisheng, and the others were shocked once more.

Huang Xiaolong was just as shocked as the others, and he took a closer look at the middle-aged man standing opposite to him. He also practices the Grandmist Parasitic Medium? Higher level than me?!

In the past, the little cow had told Huang Xiaolong that in this vast universe, taking him into account, there were only two other people who had successfully cultivated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium.

Other than him, the other two people were...!

This middle-aged man, could he be...?!

Huang Xiaolong came to this conclusion. Naturally, Xiang Xun, Xu Baisheng, and the rest also did the same. Everyone’s eyes widened as their gazes changed, looking at the middle-aged man.

In truth, this middle-aged man was also shocked. His gaze shifted from Huang Xiaolong to the little cow. How did this cow know that he also practiced the Grandmist Parasitic Medium?

Wait! Wait! The cow meant this black-haired young man had really succeeded in practicing the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, did she?

While everyone was still immersed in their own shock, the little cow continued to say to Huang Xiaolong and the rest, “What all of you are guessing inwardly is right. He’s the Grandmist Emperor Palace’s Grandmist Emperor!”

The Grandmist Emperor Palace!

The Grandmist Emperor!

Sounds of heartbeats drummed in their own ears, and everyone felt weak in their knees.

Even Huang Xiaolong looked astounded, and his hands shook slightly with excitement.

This middle-aged man was none other than the Divine World’s number one force, the Grandmist Emperor Palace’s Grandmist Emperor!

The middle-aged man also showed surprised expressions as the little cow had accurately stated his identity. A light glimmered in his eyes as he took a closer look at the cow.

“I say, Kiddo Grandmist, no need to feel me out with your divine sense.” The little cow spoke without scruples, “I have merely changed my outer appearance, and you’re just like Kiddo Yang, can’t recognize this cow ancestor anymore?”

Kiddo Grandmist? Hearing the little cow address the Grandmist Emperor with such a nickname, Xiang Xun, Xu Baisheng, and the others’ knees threatened to buckle under their own weights, almost plummeting to the ground.