Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Reached the peak of second level in less than three hundred years!

This! This, how is this possible!

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong was standing still like a piece of wood, so was his expression.

If people from the Grandmist Emperor Palace were to see this expression on their Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong’s face, what would they think?

“Senior Azure Cow, what’s going on with Junior Brother?” A long time later, the Grandmist Emperor couldn’t help asking. He really couldn’t figure out how his Junior Brother had reached the peak second level of Grandmist Parasitic Medium in less than three hundred years!

I don’t understand!

He and his Master, the King of Grandmist were both highly talented. Both of them also had supreme godheads, in truth, both of their godheads were king of supreme godheads. Even if Junior Brother’s godhead was also a king of supreme godhead, that did not explain his Junior Brother’s cultivation speed that was so much faster than them!

Maybe...?!

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong’s eyes lit up at one possibility.

“You guessed right, he did once obtain a source of grandmist aura.” The little cow stated aloud what Jiang Hong was thinking.

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong’s heart quivered as a sea of emotions hit him. Though he had guessed it moments ago, he was still frightened after hearing the confirmation from the little cow’s mouth.

Grandmist aura!

This was the highest grade of source of origin for spiritual energy in the whole universe.

Even though he had lived for so long, he had never heard of anyone obtaining the grandmist aura.

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong looked enviously at Huang Xiaolong. His Junior Brother’s luck had actually surpassed him and his Master as he had actually obtained a source of grandmist aura. No wonder Junior Brother’s Grandmist Parasitic Medium had advanced so fast, no wonder, no wonder!

Then, the little cow added, “Other than one source of grandmist aura, he had also found a source of purple grandmist aura!”

While Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong was still immersed in his envy, this information made him freeze in his spot, as if he was being struck by a streak of divine grandmist lightning. He shook from head to toe, with his mouth agape as he stared stupidly at the little cow and Huang Xiaolong.

Purple grandmist aura!

Purple grandmist aura, the highest grade of grandmist aura!

This, this, this...!

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong stared blankly at Huang Xiaolong and the little cow for a long time without any reaction.

Xiang Xun, Xu Baisheng, and others stood on the side, not daring to make a sound during this entire conversation between the little cow, Huang Xiaolong and the Grandmist Emperor, even when the Grandmist Emperor was dazed.

Huang Xiaolong was a little speechless.

Isn’t it just a source of purple grandmist aura? Based on his current sensitivity towards the grandmist aura, Huang Xiaolong was confident that he would come across more purple grandmist aura and grandmist aura in the future.

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong didn’t know what Huang Xiaolong was thinking, but if he would have known about it, he would probably bang his head against a mountain in shame.

“Junior Brother is really, really...!” Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong regained his senses but his words were unintelligible. Is it really what? What? He wanted to say that Huang Xiaolong’s luck was simply heaven-defying, but could this be easily explained with ‘heaven-defying luck?’

Jiang Hong’s gaze became more complicated as he looked at Huang Xiaolong. This Junior Brother’s origin is definitely not simple. Only that could explain how he could have gotten something as precious as purple grandmist aura, and even refined it.

Purple aura represented the aura of an emperor, and purple grandmist aura represented the emperor of grandmist. The person who could get the purple grandmist aura and refine it is likely a....?!

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong dared not continue thinking further in this direction.

The little cow knew instantly what Jiang Hong was thinking from his expression. In truth, weren’t her thoughts the same? Even though Huang Xiaolong had ascended from the lower realm, she believed and was confident in her own judgement that Huang Xiaolong was not simply an ordinary disciple who had ascended to the Divine World from the lower realm.

After the bouts of shock passed, Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong was finally able to converse calmly with Huang Xiaolong and the little cow.

When Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong heard Huang Xiaolong was a disciple of the Fortune Emperor Palace, he was surprised, but smiled and said, “So, Junior Brother is the Fortune Emperor Palace’s disciple who defeated the Fiendgod Emperor Palace’s supreme godhead genius disciple Wang Yongsen. I should have known after hearing your name.”

“I’ve made Senior Brother laugh.” Huang Xiaolong responded humbly.

Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong shook his head with a wry smile, “Junior Brother’s talent and battle strength have far surpassed mine when I was at your level. But that Zhao Lei has certainly picked a big bargain, having Junior Brother worship him as Master.”

Even he was envious of Zhao Lei’s good luck.

The little cow scoffed, “This brat used a blood contract to subjugate me, isn’t that picking a big bargain as well?”

Jiang Hong smiled wryly, not knowing how to respond.

She was rewarded with a slap on her head by Huang Xiaolong. “It if wasn’t for me, could your strength have improved so fast after you were reborn?”

“We both got big bargains, hehe.” The little cow chuckled sheepishly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Huang Xiaolong did not retort, indirectly agreeing with the little cow’s words. After all, without the little cow, he wouldn’t have known about the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, or had the opportunity to refine the grandmist aura.

Over the years, the little cow was a big help to him.

“Senior Brother, I have a favor to ask.” Huang Xiaolong hesitated before speaking.

Jiang Hong laughed heartily and said, “Junior Brother, just tell me, no need to be polite with me.”

Huang Xiaolong’s gaze shifted to Xiang Xun who was standing closeby.

Jiang Hong followed Huang Xiaolong’s gaze and looked at Xiang Xun, and said in realization, “Junior Brother wants me to resolve the petrification seals in this elephant’s body?”

Even though Huang Xiaolong had not said anything, Jiang Hong could see through the petrification seals in Xiang Xun’s body.

Huang Xiaolong was not surprised that Jiang Hong could see that Xiang Xun was burdened with petrification seals. He nodded and asked, “Yes. Senior Brother, can you...?”

“The person who sealed you with these petrification seals in the past must have been a high-level Emperor Realm master, am I right?”

“Yes, Grandmist Emperor.” Xiang Xun answered respectfully.

Jiang Hong said to Huang Xiaolong, “If it was a high-level Emperor Realm master, the petrification seals would be harder to resolve completely. I will help Junior Brother to resolve the petrification seals in this elephant’s body, but it might take a bit longer, about one hour or so.”

Is one hour a bit long? Huang Xiaolong was rendered speechless.

Subsequently, the group moved into the forest and found a secluded spot. Grandmist Emperor Jiang Hong began resolving the remaining petrification seals inside Xiang Xun’s body.

Jiang Hong slapped his palms on Xiang Xun’s forehead. A burst of purple light entered Xiang Xun’s body with every slap. This purple light was similar to the purple grandmist aura’s purple glow, yet it wasn’t purple grandmist aura. This purple light was likely the purple qi formed in the latter stages of cultivating the Grandmist Parasitic Medium.

As Jiang Hong continued to send purple qi into Xiang Xun’s body, endless cracking noises sounded from inside of Xiang Xun. These were noises of the petrification seals cracking.

As time went by, Xiang Xun’s body gradually expanded.

While Jiang Hong was resolving the petrification seals inside Xiang Xun’s body, in the Magic Shaman Emperor Palace headquarters, a silver-haired old man stared at the communication talisman in his hand with a cold expression. “A mere Fortune Emperor Palace’s disciple actually dared to injure my disciple-in-name upon arriving at the Floating Twilight Land. If you want to die, I, Tong Jiang, will fulfill your wish!”

This silver-haired old man was He Lianfang’s Master, the Magic Shaman Emperor Palace’s Elder Tong Jiang.

Tong Jiang’s eyes were filled with frosty gloom. The message from the Demonic Python City had mentioned that the Fortune Emperor Palace’s disciple had an elephant mount by his side that was likely to be a Seventh Order Heavenly Monarch Realm master.

Seventh Order Heavenly Monarch Realm? Tong Jiang stepped out and flew towards his Hall Master’s palace. It seems like this matter would be handled better by his Hall Master.