Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Rays of black light suddenly burst out from the stele and gushed into Huang Xiaolong’s body. With a shake of his body, a profound growl emerged from the depths of the body.

Jiang Hong, the little cow, and Xiang Xun were startled when they heard it.

What’s going on?!

That sounds like it came from a supreme expert!

But then again, it had a different feel to it...

It seemed to originate from a type of demonic region, lost deep in the rivers of time.

As for Jiang Hong, he managed to keep his attention on Huang Xiaolong and he quickly utilized his godforce to envelop the black light emerging from the stele.

As the aura Huang Xiaolong exuded started to rise, the black light revolving around his body started to grow brighter. An archaic, yet bleak aura filled the area and it was as though Huang Xiaolong himself was the source of all of it. He seemed like an ancient demonic domain, floating in mid air.

As the brilliance of the black light around him grew, the strength of the devil qi he emitted increased.

With the exception of Jiang Hong and Xiang Xun, Xu Baisheng and the rest felt like a lofty mountain of devil qi was pressing down against their tiny little bodies.

With his eyes widening to the size of saucers, Xu Baisheng nearly cried out in shock. He had strength surpassing the Seventh Order God King Realm experts, but he was still unable to withstand the devil qi pouring out of Huang Xiaolong’s body!

How strong is he?!

Ultimately, Xiang Xun mustered more godforce to form a protective barrier around the weaker members of the party.

After a few days...

A loud buzz reverberated through the air.

Popping and crackling sounds echoed from Huang Xiaolong’s body. He seemed to have broken through his bottleneck and his cultivation level started rising at a terrifying speed.

Despite the protection Xiang Xun gave them, they were still able to feel an alarming wave of qi sweeping past their bodies

Fourth Order God King Realm!

Huang Xiaolong who had been stuck in the peak of the Third Order God King Realm was finally able to breakthrough into the Fourth Order God King Realm with the help of the Blood Eye Devil Stele!

Even though it was just an increase of a single order, the aura Huang Xiaolong emitted had increased by tenfold!

As for the Blood Eye Devil Stele, it was still spitting out rays of black light and they poured into Huang Xiaolong’s body unendingly. The more black light entered his body, the stronger Huang Xiaolong became. In fact, his cultivation increased so rapidly that it frightened the little cow and Xiang Xun. Jiang Hong stared at his junior brother with his mouth agape and felt that his heart was about to burst from beating too quickly.

His cultivation was rising at a pace they had never seen before! In their many years of existence, they had never seen such a freak!

The Blood Eye Devil Stele was refined by the Archdevil Lord and the quality of the devil energy was second to none. There was no doubt it was a formidable treasure. If an ordinary God King wanted to refine the stele, they could forget about it if they didn’t use an ungodly amount of time. However, Huang Xiaolong did the impossible in front of them! The speed at which he refined the power was amazing, terrifyingly so.

“Who would have thought that junior brother’s True Dragon Physique would be so powerful!?” Jiang Hong said to the little cow.

Nodding her head, she replied, “In all the various worlds, other than the Heavens Dao Physique, there shouldn’t be anything else stronger than Kiddo Huang’s True Dragon Physique.”

“Other than his True Dragon Physique, he even has the King of Supreme Godhead! Junior brother really is a freak...” Jiang Hong couldn’t hold back his admiration for Huang Xiaolong.

Based on Jiang Hong’s experience, even someone with a darkness Godhead would not be able to devour that much dark energy in such a short period of time.

Unless!

Jiang Hong did not dare to think more about it, as it was too much for him to handle.

In a flash, half a year passed.

In half a year, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation broke through to the peak of the late-Fourth Order God King Realm!

Such speed and ferocity at which his powers had increased was appalling!

A year ago, Huang Xiaolong’s power was only at the peak of the late-Third Order God King Realm. Right now, his cultivation rose by an entire realm!

During this time, the energy in the Blood Eye Devil Stele weakened by a whole lot. The fusion between the first and second half was complete, but the Blood Eyes had yet to fully merge.

Another six months passed.

Huang Xiaolong who was already at the peak late-Fourth Order God King Realm experienced another round of strengthening. Bright light enveloped him and the flow of qi around him became chaotic. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Early-Fifth Order God King!

In the distance, Xiang Xun and the rest fell dumbstruck when they saw Huang Xiaolong’s second breakthrough.

In a little over two years, Huang Xiaolong had gone from a Third Order God King to a Fifth Order God King!

That was an insane feat!

Even Jiang Hong couldn’t help but feel a sense of trepidation in his heart.

Back in the Fortune Emperor Palace, there was another disciple with the king of supreme godhead. However, even an outstanding disciple like that paled in comparison to Huang Xiaolong.

What if the other disciple obtained the Blood Eye Devil Stele? Even if he spent all his strength to refine the stele, would he be able to grow as much as Huang Xiaolong?!

Definitely not!

He was certain of that.

If the other disciple was at the peak of the late-Third Order God King Realm, he would most definitely only be able to enter the Fourth Order God King Realm after refining the stele! They didn’t even need to bother thinking about breaking through to the Fifth Order God King Realm!

That was because the other disciple only had one to two percent of Huang Xiaolong’s ability to refine the Blood Eye Devil Stele.

Deciding not to bother with the issue any longer, he decided to give the other disciple the highest evaluation he could... He probably had two percent of Huang Xiaolong’s ability...

Now, he was certain about his conjecture.

Another year passed.

The fusion of the Blood Eye Devil Stele was finally completed and it no longer emitted the darkness energy it once did.

Seeing that the dark light had dissipated, everyone heaved a sigh of relief. They felt that a huge boulder in their heart had lifted and the crushing pressure they had to endure slowly faded.

They shuddered to think of a scenario where the Blood Eye Devil Stele hadn’t fully fused together. If the dark light continued to surge out of the stele without stopping, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation base would rise along with it! If that were to happen... They felt their palm slowly turning cold at the thought of that possibility.

Jiang Hong looked at Huang Xiaolong whose eyes were still closed. A bitter smile appeared on his face as he realized that Huang Xiaolong was more terrifying than a Divine Beast, the Ancient Chaos Devourer.

Even though Huang Xiaolong was no longer improving at a speed comparable to a rocket, his progress was still noticeable. His cultivation base eventually stabilized at the mid-Fifth Order God King Realm after one last year in seclusion.

If not for the fact that Huang Xiaolong was breaking through time after time right before him, Jiang Hong would slap anyone who told him that Huang Xiaolong had been a peak late-Third Order God King three years ago.

A day later, under everyone’s watchful gaze, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes suddenly flickered open.

“Junior Brother, you are finally awake!” Jiang Hong beamed as he spoke to Huang Xiaolong, “I finally understand the reason behind your extremely quick comprehension of the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. It’s no wonder you reached the second stage in the span of a few centuries.”

Although Huang Xiaolong had the help of the purple grandmist aura and the grandmist aura, the main reason that Huang Xiaolong was able to master the second stage of the Grandmist Parasitic Medium was due to his inhumane ability to devour qi.

Huang Xiaolong laughed, “I was only able to refine the Blood Eye Devil Stele in such a short time due to your help.”

“No need to thank me.” Jiang Hong shook his head.

“Kiddo Huang...” The little cow muttered as she stole a glance at Huang Xiaolong, “I notice that your appearance has changed a lot after refining the Blood Eye Devil Stele! You’re so handsome now I almost failed to recognize you.”

Huang Xiaolong was shocked silly and his face turned red in embarrassment. Laughter broke out all around him.

It was true that Huang Xiaolong’s temperament had changed after refining the Blood Eye Devil Stele. He had become much more charming and ‘mystifying’ compared to his past self from three years ago.