Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

As Huang Xiaolong fully concentrated on absorbing the surroundings’ chaos divine lightning, streaks of chaos divine lightning swarmed towards Huang Xiaolong at shocking speed.

After some time, Huang Xiaolong felt that his absorption speed was too slow, hence he summoned his three avatars, and formed a four-colored spiritual energy gathering formation. The four of them ran the Grandmist Parasitic Medium at the same time.

The chaos divine lightning around them seemed stimulated as it rushed towards Huang Xiaolong and his three avatars in a frenzy.

Jiang Hong, the little cow, the Barbarians, and the rest waiting outside the boundary of the Land of Lightning Penalty saw the calm hazy scenery suddenly become agitated, and increasingly violent. Dust roiled akin to a chaos divine beast writhing in pain.

As the stretch of chaos divine lightning in front of them roiled, bursts of chaos divine lightning shot out in various directions.

Shocking destructive power swept over the people who were waiting and frightening them.

However, these streaks of chaos divine lightning vanished just as it had arrived in front of Jiang Hong, as if it was swallowed by a black hole; vanished without rhyme or reason.

The Barbarians were stunned agape.

As time passed, the stretch of chaos divine lightning in front of them roiled even more violently, and streaks of chaos divine lightning splattered like torrential rain. But no matter how intense the chaos divine lightning fell on the group, none of it were able to break pass Jiang Hong.

After a while, the large group of Barbarians breathed in relief. At the same time, Jiang Hong’s strength once again roused waves of shock to Lei Budong, Feng Chen, Shui Luosheng, and the others’ hearts.

Even if the five Head Chieftains were to join hands and exerted full force to fend off this chaos divine lightning with the chaos spiritual weapon their ancestor had left behind, the five of them would barely withstand the chaos divine lightning’s bombardment. Yet, Jiang Hong merely stood there, dispersing the chaos divine lightning’s bombardment without needing to move a hand!

This level of strength was undoubtedly terrifying.

Is this the power of a peak late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm master? Lei Budong wondered to himself.

......

Time flowed by.

One month came and went in the blink of an eye.

At the center of the earth element chaos divine lightning land, Huang Xiaolong and his three avatars were still sitting in the same place, devouring the surrounding chaos divine lightning as fast as they could.

Compared to a month ago, Huang Xiaolong and his three avatars’ absorption speed was much faster.

Huang Xiaolong and his three avatars were completely submerged in the earth element chaos divine lightning, everything around them was lifeless brown with the occasional flickers of blinding purple light that lit up the land.

These flickers of blinding purple light came from the purple grandmist dragon’s purple grandmist light.

While absorbing the surroundings’ chaos divine lightning, the purple grandmist dragon also emitted amazing purple grandmist energy.

Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads were devouring everything, and his strength rose rapidly. Although he had yet to break through to peak early Sixth Order God King Realm, he was steadily inching closer to the peak early Sixth Order God King Realm.

Another two months went by.

The light enshrouding Huang Xiaolong grew stronger, so did its strength, and he had already broken through to the peak of the early Sixth Order God King Realm.

However, the amount of chaos divine lightning on this piece of land didn’t seem to diminish at all. Chaos divine lightning continued to roil violently.

Half a year went by.

Suddenly, radiant bursts of lights came from Huang Xiaolong’s body. His three supreme godheads were vibrating intensely.

Huang Xiaolong had broken through to mid-Sixth Order God King Realm!

When Huang Xiaolong broke through to mid-Sixth Order God King Realm, his three avatars were bathed in bursts of radiant lights as their momentums soared.

This phenomenon was similar to Huang Xiaolong’s main body breaking through to the God King Realm. Obviously, Huang Xiaolong’s three avatars were breaking through to the God King Realm simultaneously.

Shadows of the immortal body began condensing around Huang Xiaolong’s three avatars. The shadows of the immortal body then formed an ancient formation that infused the vigorous immortal aura into his three avatars’ bodies. His three avatars’ bodies evolved, becoming even more perfect.

As shadows of the immortal body continued to infuse the immortal aura into his three avatars, the surrounding earth element chaos divine lightning flowed persistently into the avatars’ bodies.

As days turned into months, there were golden purple lights shining from under Huang Xiaolong’s skin.

This golden purple glow was the purple grandmist aura but not entirely. It also resembled the chaos Golden Dragon Lightning Pool and earth element chaos divine lightning.

The golden purple glow exuded a lightning destructive power that was more powerful than the chaos Golden Dragon Lightning Pool’s lightning power...!

By the time a full year had passed since Huang Xiaolong had entered the Land of Lightning Penalty, the Barbarians experts waiting outside became even more anxious.

“Elder Brother Lei, that kid wouldn’t be dead inside, right?” Huo Haibo asked anxiously.

From outside, they couldn’t at all see the situation inside the Land of Lightning Penalty, nor could they sense any trace of life. Their hearts hung high in their throats.

Lei Budong just wanted to say something, but Jiang Hong, the little cow, Xiang Xun, the Chaos Black Camel, and the rest all abruptly stared at him. The iciness of their gazes sent a shiver down Lei Budong’s back, and he swallowed the words that he was about to say.

The Chaos Black Camel strode up to Huo Haibo and smacked Huo Haibo into the ground. Though Huo Haibo did not die, he was miserable enough.

The rest of the Barbarians shuddered witnessing that, and no one dared to mention the topic again.

In the blink of an eye, two years passed by.

Within the earth element chaos divine lightning, the golden purple light enshrouding Huang Xiaolong’s three avatars suddenly flickered intensely. Undulating dragons’ roars shook the Land of Lightning Penalty, jarring the eardrums of those waiting outside.

It went on for three consecutive days before the dragons’ roars subsided and the golden purple lights around the three avatars disappeared.

Huang Xiaolong’s three avatars had successfully broken through to the God King Realm!

This time around, after two years of absorption, the surrounding earth element chaos divine lightning had thinned significantly. Previously, Huang Xiaolong hadn’t been able to see anything beyond ten meters from where he stood, whereas now, he could see as far as three thousand zhang ahead.

Seeing that the curtain of earth element chaos divine lightning had thinned considerably, Huang Xiaolong recalled his three avatars into his body.

And the people outside noticed that the earth element chaos divine lightning had thinned and stopped roiling. Earth element chaos divine lightning rushed towards the center from every direction.

The earth element chaos divine lightning that had covered this piece of land for unknown numbers of years was shrinking at a rate visible to the naked eye, growing smaller and smaller before Lei Budong, Feng Chen, and others’ joyful eyes.

In the end, they saw a vague figure in the far off distance. This vague figure was none other than Huang Xiaolong who had entered into the earth element chaos divine lightning’s space!

Half an hour later, after Huang Xiaolong had completely absorbed the earth element chaos divine lightning, everyone could clearly see him.

Those who had been waiting bitterly outside for so long finally revealed a smile, including Jiang Hong. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The stone that was pressing down on their chests for so long, disappeared suddenly.

Especially in the hearts of the burly Barbarians. Some of them had started crying out of joy after watching the earth element chaos divine lighting barrier completely disappear before their eyes.

How many years the tribe had been waiting for such a day to arrive? How many generations of masters had passed away?! From their ancestors until now, this day had finally arrived!