Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

“What?!”

“Huang Xiaolong, how dare you behave with such impudence?!”

When the elders from Brightness Emperor palace heard Huang Xiaolong retort Sun Bin, the hall master in charge of the law enforcement hall, all of them flew into rage.

Tian Ziyi and Bai Yunxiang even pretended to draw their swords in an attempt to threaten and scare Huang Xiaolong.

Wu Kefan, the other hall master present, stepped forward and gave out an order with a frown, "This is the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce!" He then raised his hand to signal everyone to stop messing about.

The elders were stunned and all of them felt a chill in their heart.

Sun Bin looked at Huang Xiaolong coldly and said, “It’s true. You’re too arrogant for your own good.” Turning to the rest of the elders, he continued, “I believe everyone can see for themselves how arrogant Huang Xiaolong truly is! When he was in the Floating Twilight Land, he took the opportunity to steal several low-grade demonic chaos spiritual veins from Tian Ziyi and Bai Yunxiang. When I reported him to the Fortune Emperor Palace, instead of dealing with Huang Xiaolong, they blamed us for making up stories!”

Discussions broke out the moment the words left his lips.

"Don’t listen to him! He’s clearly trying to frame Xiaolong!" Yao Chi explained anxiously, "That’s not what happened! Tian Ziyi...”

Huang Xiaolong shook his head and sighed, "You don’t need to bother explaining things to them."

Sun Bin sneered, "There’s nothing for you to explain since everything you say will be a lie!”

A cold light flashed through Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

"Uncle!" A beautiful voice appeared in the air and everyone turned to look at the inner hall. A cute little girl rushed towards Huang Xiaolong and only a joyful smile could be seen on her lips.

Behind her were two old men.

Bei Xiaomei charged through the entire hall and only stopped when she arrived before Huang Xiaolong. Turning to Yao Chi and Li Lu, a sweet smile appeared on her face. "Li Lu, sister Yao Chi."

"Sister Xiaomei." Li Lu and Yao Chi both smiled as they greeted her.

"Uncle, why did you take so long?!" Bei Xiaomei pouted as she blamed Huang Xiaolong. Looking at her pretty little lips, any sane man would lose control of themselves.

Huang Xiaolong felt cold sweat forming on his forehead.

It hasn’t been that long, has it? Just several tens of years...

For a cultivator at the God King Realm, the time they spent away from each other passed in the blink of an eye.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t know how to reply and he turned to Elder Fu and greeted respectfully, "Elder Fu."

Elder Fu smiled and returned the greeting, "Young Master Huang." His opinion of Huang Xiaolong had changed since the incident in the past.

His gaze turned towards the little cow who was beside Huang Xiaolong and his heart shuddered.

"Senior Cowie, you are here too!" Bei Xiaomei smiled at the little cow and exclaimed happily.

The little cow revealed a helpless expression and she grumbled, “Little lass, just call me senior!”

Bei Xiaomei giggled, "Alright... However, If I forget about it in the future, remind me about it again." Although Bei Xiaomei’s father had to call the little cow his senior, Bei Xiaomei didn’t feel that it was weird for her to change up the way she addressed the little cow. After all, Huang Xiaolong was present.

As if she felt the tension building up in the air, Bei Xiaomei turned around and asked, “Uncle, what’s going on?”

Huang Xiaolong shook his head and replied, "Everything’s fine..."

He didn’t wish for Bei Xiaomei and the members of the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce to be swept up in the conflict he had with the Brightness Emperor Palace.

Too bad for him, the little cow wanted to watch the world burn. She explained lazily, "They just framed your uncle and accused him of robbing their low-grade chaos spiritual veins. They are also planning to deal with him.”

The moment Bei Xiaomei heard the little cow’s explanation, the smile on her face disappeared. She didn’t bother asking the members of the Brightness Emperor Palace and she passed down her order, “Elder Fu, throw them out.” Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The expression on the faces of the members of the Brightness Emperor Palace changed.

Sun Bin yelled in a fit of rage, "I am the hall master of the disciplinary hall in the Brightness Emperor Palace! You guys from the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce can’t...” Before he could finish, his figure blurred as an unstoppable force blasted him away. In the next moment, he was sent flying out of the main hall.

The experts from the other Emperor Palaces looked on as Elder Fu threw everyone from the Brightness Emperor Palace out. All of them felt their jaws dropping to the ground.

Since the incident in the past, Elder Fu had learned about the place of Huang Xiaolong and the little cow in Bei Lengyang’s heart. Since the president held them in such high esteem, he didn’t hesitate when Bei Xiaomei ordered him to throw all of Huang Xiaolong’s enemies out.

As Sun Bin and the rest were thrown out of the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce, they formed a tiny hill of bodies on the main street. When several experts walking by noticed Sun Bin and the rest, they were shocked beyond words.

Sun Bin and the others quickly dragged themselves up, wreathing in shock and anger.

"Hall master, should we..." Tian Ziyi instigated Sun Bin as soon as he got up.

Sun Bin inhaled deeply, as if trying to suppress his anger and he coldly replied, "We shall return for now!"

They were following their Ancestor Peng Xingfei out of the palace and they were merely passing by. They had to head over to the Grandmist Emperor Palace the next day and he didn’t want to get into any more trouble.

After Sun Bin and the others left in embarrassment, Bei Xiaomei held Huang Xiaolong’s arm and a sweet smile appeared on her face. She chirped, "Uncle, let’s head in! If my father knows that you are here, he will definitely be very excited!”

Huang Xiaolong nodded helplessly and allowed her to drag him into the inner hall.

Before long, Bei Lengyang rushed out and greeted the little cow enthusiastically.

The purpose of Huang Xiaolong’s visit to the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce was to look for the person behind the Highgod Advancement Tournament in the past and to get clues on the Divine World’s messenger.

Huang Xiaolong was also there to ask about the findings of the investigation of Xu Baisheng’s father. It was also a chance for him to stock up on some chaos spirit stones, iron essence, and some rare materials. He wanted to experiment with them to see if he could upgrade the Dragon Shark Flying Ship to a mid-grade grandmist spiritual artifact.

Since he had obtained four flying ships from the Fiend God Emperor palace, the little cow had suggested that he should dismantle all of them and refine them into the Dragon Shark Flying Ship. If he was able to do so, there was a chance for the Dragon Shark Flying ship to be upgraded.

However, it was almost impossible for that to happen.

After hearing Huang Xiaolong’s request, Bei Lengyang agreed to his requests without a moment of hesitation. He immediately ordered his men to search for the Plane Envoy and the person behind the God Selection Competition in the past. He also got some men to prepare the chaos spirit stones and iron essence Huang Xiaolong wanted.

The amount of chaos spirit stones and iron essence Huang Xiaolong needed was too much and some of the rare materials were hard to come by. Even the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce was unable to gather all of them and they even had to send some people out to look for them.

As for the matter regarding Xu Baisheng’s relatives, according to their investigation, his eldest brother and second brother didn’t fall into the hands of the hostile Emperor Palaces. However, for the specific location of his relatives, they required more time.

The relatively good news allowed Huang Xiaolong to heave a sigh of relief, at least they haven’t been captured.

Huang Xiaolong had originally wanted to leave the Heavens Avenue the very next day but he was unable to refuse Bei Lengyang’s enthusiastic invitation and Bei Xiaomei’s pestering. In the end, he stayed for a full ten days in the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce.

Ten days later, Huang Xiaolong, Li Lu, and Yao Chi left the headquarters of the Silver Fox Chamber of Commerce and started to make their way to the Grandmist Emperor Palace.