Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

“Xiaolong, aren’t we returning to the Fortune Emperor Palace?” Li Lu asked as they left the Heavens Avenue. The Dragon Shark Flying Ship wasn’t heading in the direction they came from and Li Lu found it a little weird.

Yao Chi had a growing sense of suspicion as well.

Unbeknownst to the two ladies, the ship’s course was set for the Grandmist Emperor Palace. However, Huang Xiaolong had yet to tell them the news.

“We’re actually heading to Grandmist Emperor Palace.” Huang Xiaolong laughed. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

“What!? We’re going to the Grandmist Emperor Palace?!” The two ladies cried out in unison.

The both of them were shocked beyond words.

What are we going to the Grandmist Emperor Palace for?!

A confused expression appeared on Yao Chi’s face as she asked, “Xiaolong, why are we going to the Grandmist Emperor Palace? Do you know anyone there?”

Huang Xiaolong chuckled when he heard her question.

Do I know any disciples from Grandmist Emperor Palace?

Am I only allowed to visit disciples from the Grandmist Emperor Palace? Why can’t I know the elders? Or what about the grand elders?! How about the Sect Chief himself?

“You can say that.” Huang Xiaolong replied matter of factly.

Yao Chi’s smile widened and she giggled, “That’s great! I’ve heard that the Grandmist Emperor Palace is one of the prettiest Emperor Palaces around! Other than being the most secretive and strongest Emperor Palace, the scenery and architecture are the best! I’ve always wanted to see it for myself...”

“One of the most beautiful palaces?!” Huang Xiaolong asked with shock in his voice.

Huang Xiaolong hadn’t heard anything about that... Why did Yao Chi know something about the Grandmist Emperor Palace he didn’t?

Seeing Huang Xiaolong’s doubtful expression, Li Lu explained, "Sister Xiaomei told us that a majority of the hundred million palaces in the Grandmist Emperor Palace are crafted with the prettiest and rarest Enchantment Butterfly Crystals in the Divine World!”

Enchantment Butterfly Crystals?!

Huang Xiaolong was taken aback.

The Enchantment Butterfly Crystal was a rare spirit stone in the Divine World. It can only be formed when a Thousand Flutter Butterfly dies and the corpse absorbs spiritual energy from the heavens and earth under a certain condition. The Enchantment Butterfly Crystal exuded a dreamy lustre and looked as beautiful as a Thousand Flutter Butterfly itself.

The Enchantment Butterfly Crystal retained the special traits of the Thousand Flutter Butterfly and would be able to endlessly absorb all sorts of spiritual energy.

Refining a palace out of Enchantment Butterfly Crystals would allow the palace to possess an astonishing level of spirit qi. The benefits of cultivating there was unimaginable.

Of course, the Enchantment Butterfly Crystal was something extremely rare and expensive. No one expected the Grandmist Emperor Palace to be able to use it to craft their palaces.

An insane amount of Enchantment Butterfly Crystals had to be used if a hundred million palaces in the Grandmist Emperor Palace was built with it!

"Xiaolong, will the disciple be really able to bring us into the Grandmist Emperor Palace?" Li Lu asked, "I heard that the Grandmist Emperor Palace is heavily guarded and the security is many times stronger than our Fortune Emperor Palace. One had to be an elder in order to bring guests into the palace...”

When Li Lu finished speaking, the two ladies turned to look at Huang Xiaolong. They were afraid that he would make a wasted trip if they failed to enter the palace.

Bei Xiaomei had told them that the distance from the Heaven World’s Heavens Avenue to the Grandmist Emperor Palace was very far away. Even with the Dragon Shark Flying Ship, they would be traveling for four to five months.

Huang Xiaolong replied with a smile, "You can rest assured that we will definitely be able to enter the Grandmist Emperor Palace."

Li Lu and Yao Chi were relieved to see the confident look on Huang Xiaolong’s face.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye, half a year had gone by.

The Dragon Shark Flying Ship was powered by a mid-tenth grade spirit stone and it ran extremely smoothly. With its speed, they quickly approached the Grandmist Emperor Palace.

With the speed of the Dragon Shark Flying Ship, they would be able to arrive at the Grandmist Emperor Palace in half a year. However, Huang Xiaolong made several stops along the way when they passed several large planes. He would also look for the four rare chaos materials he was lacking to upgrade the Dragon Shark Flying Ship.

Even though half a year had gone by, they were merely halfway there.

Another reason why he traveled slowly was because he wanted to spend as much time as he could with the two ladies. After all, he would soon be leaving for the Hell Asura World and he would only be able to return after several tens of years.

Perhaps the heavens really rewarded people with determination. In a mere half a year, Huang Xiaolong managed to find two of the four missing chaos materials.

Along the way, Huang Xiaolong swept up all the medicinal ingredients he could when he passed by several larger divine planes. All the items he bought were ingredients used to refine top-grade grandmist spiritual pills and with his wealth, there wasn’t anything stopping him from buying more. Even though he had gained quite a bountiful harvest from the members of the Martial Demon Emperor Palace and Magic Shaman Emperor Palace, the little cow and he were like bottomless pits. If he didn’t stock up, they would use up all their supplies in several years.

Huang Xiaolong had heard that in Hell, spiritual herbs, spiritual pills, and spirit stones were scarce. He could only stock up on them before heading over.

After receiving all the ingredients, Huang Xiaolong threw them all into the Pill Blending Tower.

Throughout the years, the Pill Blending Tower had taken in all the spiritual herbs and tirelessly refined them into chaos spiritual pills. The amount of chaos spiritual pills and even grandmist spiritual pills it refined was too numerous to count.

Huang Xiaolong realized that the more spiritual pills it refined, the brighter its body glowed. The stronger the glow, the better the pills it was able to produce. This was what he realized when the tower started refining top-grade grandmist spiritual pearls. Some faint and indistinct patterns started appearing on its surface.

These images appeared to be some sort of chaos symbols, but at the same time, they seemed to be some sort of training manual. Sometimes, it appeared as though it formed some sort of chaos formation.

Huang Xiaolong’s sense of anticipation grew as he noticed such a change in the Pill Blending Tower.

He felt that it wasn’t merely used for refining pills...

Another six months passed...

The Dragon Shark Flying Ship came to a stop in front of a boundless galaxy.

Huang Xiaolong, Li Lu, and Yao Chi exited and jumped off the flying ship and were mesmerized by the resplendent view before their eyes.

The scene that greeted them was a magnificent one with countless stars flashing in the boundless dark space. The stars rotated about each other endlessly, as though the world itself was painting a masterpiece.

"This is called the Perfect Galaxy... After crossing it, we will be arriving at the Grandmist Emperor Palace." The little cow said and she continued to remind them, "However, though this galaxy seems perfect, there is a type of galaxial beast lurking around in the dark. We have to be careful when making our way across it.”

"Galaxial Beast?" Huang Xiaolong and the others were startled.

The little cow nodded and replied, "This galaxial beast is a monster that dwells about in the Perfect Galaxy. It cultivates by absorbing the energy from the stars from different galaxies. Its entire body is shrouded in starlight and it will be a feat to look for it with your naked eyes. Normally, strong galaxial beasts have the strength of a late Heavenly Monarch. Some of the stronger ones are comparable to early stage Emperors.”

This caused most of them to widen their eyes in shock.

The galaxial beast has the power of an early stage Emperor?!

Before long, all of them returned to the ship and continued their journey across the Perfect Galaxy.

However, with the little cow’s reminder, Huang Xiaolong was on edge and tasked Xiang Xun and the Chaos Black Camel to be on guard against an attack from the galaxial beast.

Even though they had barely entered the Perfect Galaxy, a demonic beast with the head of a giant lion appeared in their sights. Its body was covered in starlight and it shimmered in contrast to the dark background.

The instant they laid their eyes on the beast, they knew that it was the galaxial beast the little cow was talking about.

"This galaxial beast is so cute! Xiaolong, should we catch a few of them?" Yao Chi chirped all of a sudden.

Huang Xiaolong laughed and replied, "Sure!"

The same intention had appeared in his mind when he saw it for the first time. Now that Yao Chi had said it, he found the galaxial beast even more pleasing to the eye.