Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Although there were about three to four hundred Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts surrounding them, their strength was considered negligible. The strongest of them was merely at the Eighth or Ninth Order God King Realm and the weakest among them had strength comparable to a Third Order God King Realm cultivator. Only two of them seemed strong enough, at the early-Tenth Order God King Realm and Huang Xiaolong didn’t bother asking Xiang Xun and the Chaos Black Camel to take care of them.

Huang Xiaolong flew out of the flying ship himself and charged towards the galaxial beasts.

Seeing Huang Xiaolong moving against them, the Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts raised their heads and roared in unison. As starlight gathered in their mouths, they turned towards Huang Xiaolong to unleash their attack.

An insane amount of flames emitting the glow of starlight shot towards Huang Xiaolong.

It was obvious that these Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts were of the fire attribute.

Even though they weren’t too powerful, Huang Xiaolong didn’t dare to let his guard down. As his body blurred, he transformed into a primordial divine blue dragon!

This was the first time that Huang Xiaolong had transformed into a primordial divine blue dragon after entering the God King realm. Li Lu and the others realized that the blue scales on his body had turned deeper, like the glow exuded by a piece of chaos blue crystal. As for his horn, it had grown thicker and was comparable to an ancient tree. The engravings and mysterious runes on it seemed even more obvious.

A dragon’s might surged out of his body and enveloped every creature around it.

Under his terrifying dragon aura, all the Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts stopped dead in their tracks and a look of reverence appeared in their eyes.

Huang Xiaolong raised his head and released a deafening roar before making his move. He appeared before the group of Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts and swapped out with his humongous claw. A storm was swept up and all of them were sent flying like rag dolls.

Immediately after his first attack, Huang Xiaolong appeared in front of the two early-Tenth Order God King realm Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts and he pressed his claw downwards. It was as though they were pinned under a giant mountain and no matter how hard they tried, they failed to struggle free.

Two flashes of purple light shot out from Huang Xiaolong’s glabella and it entered the bodies of the two early-Tenth Order God King realm Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts. As it entered their spiritual sea, the two struggling beasts slowly calmed down.

Seeing that the beasts were no longer putting up a fight, he released his grip on them.

In the next instant, the two Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts obediently made their way before Huang Xiaolong.

When Huang Xiaolong flew back to the Dragon Shark Flying Ship, the two of them tagged along and entered the ship behind him.

The little cow, Xiang Xun, the Chaos Black Camel, Lei Budong, and Feng Chen acted as though there was nothing out of the ordinary. However, Li Lu and Yao Chi stared at Huang Xiaolong with an awestruck look on their faces. Even Li Lu, who always acted cold and aloof, couldn’t hide the look of amazement on her face. Huang Xiaolong felt that it wasn’t a bad thing to show off as their expressions were pretty cute.

Even after Huang Xiaolong turned back to his human form and returned with the two beasts, the two women were still stuck in a daze as their eyes were glued on him.

They were shocked when Huang Xiaolong had defeated Sun Shihai in the selections competition previously, but when they saw him tame the two beasts, they felt that he was far stronger than they had imagined. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Huang Xiaolong noticed that the two women were still stuck in a daze and he chuckled, “These two Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts have pretty similar strength. You can pick one each.” After he spoke, he sent each of the beasts to their new owner.

Only when the Giant Galaxial Lion Beasts appeared by their side did the two ladies snap back to reality.

Li Lu and Yao Chi revealed a bitter smile when they looked at Huang Xiaolong.

Although they worked extremely hard and practiced whenever Huang Xiaolong went out to gain experience, they felt that no matter how hard they tried, the gap between them seemed to grow bigger and bigger. Despite using all the precious resources Huang Xiaolong left for them, they were unable to catch up to him.

After the brief interlude, the Dragon Shark Flying Ship continued to travel towards the Grandmist Emperor Palace.

With the speed of the Dragon Shark Flying Ship, it was going to take them seven days to cross the entire Perfect Galaxy.

Three days flew by.

In the three days of traveling, Huang Xiaolong was besieged by at least a hundred waves of galaxial beasts.

The deeper they ventured into the galaxy, the stronger the galaxial beasts became. When they arrived in the central region of the Perfect Galaxy, they even managed to see several Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch galaxial beasts.

With the help of Xiang Xun, the Chaos Black Camel, Lei Budong, and Feng Chen, Huang Xiaolong managed to subdue several tens of the stronger galaxial beasts.

No one thought that a Sixth Order God King would be able to subdue a Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch galaxial beast. However, after cultivating the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, it was a piece of cake for Huang Xiaolong to do so.

Of course, he was only able to do so with the help of the experts around him. Even with his strength, his divine soul was far from being able to subdue a Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm galaxial beast in one go. He had to chip away at their defenses before he was finally able to control them.

Fortunately, Huang Xiaolong had reached the third level of the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. With the help of several Emperor Realm experts, he managed to subdue all the galaxial beasts.

"There is an island straight ahead, let’s go there and take a break." Huang Xiaolong said with a pale look on his face as he pointed to an island floating in front of them. He was feeling pretty tired, especially since he had just subdued a late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch galaxial beast.

Huang Xiaolong’s divine soul had been stretched to its limit and he needed some time to rest.

Everyone nodded in agreement.

In a flash, the Dragon Shark Flying Ship stopped above the island.

As soon as they stopped, everyone went to protect Huang Xiaolong as he swallowed a grandmist spiritual pill.

After half a day of rest, Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes and let out a sigh.

Half a day of recovery, coupled with the help of Xiang Xun and the others, allowed Huang Xiaolong to almost fully recover.

Before they could take their leave, a figure approached them with alarming speed.

Everyone stared at the newcomer in shock.

The figure slowly revealed itself to them and when Huang Xiaolong and the rest caught sight of its appearance, they discovered that it was a little brown bear.

The little brown bear looked extremely adorable. However, upon closer inspection, they caught a glimpse of a dim yellow light surrounding its body and its body was covered in bloody scars. It was obviously injured and the person that had caused harm to it had probably slashed it with swords.

The little cow looked at the cute little bear and said in surprise, “This... this is an Earth Bear?!”

Huang Xiaolong had a growing sense of suspicion when he saw the shocked expression on the little cow’s face.

“This little Earth Bear isn’t something you can find even if you look for it!” The little cow explained, “I’m afraid there are less than ten of them in existence right now! Even if you comb through all the worlds’ surfaces, you won’t be able to find more than that.”

Huang Xiaolong and the others were shocked speechless when they heard what the little cow said.

This cute little bear is a rare beast?! How are there less than ten of them in the entire world?!

Just as thoughts were running through their mind, a group of disciples charged over with their swords drawn.

“Quick! We can’t let that Earth Bear escape!”

The Earth Bear charged towards Huang Xiaolong and to his surprise, it opened its mouth and said to Huang Xiaolong, “Big brother, please help me! I beg you, save me!”

Huang Xiaolong, Li Lu, and Yao Chi glanced at each other.

Before they could decide on their next course of action, the group of sword-wielding disciples surrounded them.

Huang Xiaolong frowned when he noticed the insignia on their robes. The disciples were all core disciples from the Grandmist Emperor Palace, and there were three elders and one grand elder in the group.

The Grand Elder took a step forward and glared at the Earth Bear coldly, “Do you really think that they can save you? Let me tell you something. No one will dare to interfere with something my Grandmist Emperor Palace decides to do!”