Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the Netherworld King’s Jade that was emitting a black luster before him, Huang Xiaolong didn’t rush to break the fourth restriction on it. Instead, he used the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell to protect his divine soul before doing anything else. When he was done, he used his godforce to poke at the Chaos Golden Dragon Lightning Pool Formation located in his glabella and a blinding ray of golden light shot out from his body.

Under the guide of Huang Xiaolong’s godforce, the golden lightning started to move towards the Netherworld King’s Jade.

The moment the chaos golden lightning touched the Netherworld King’s Jade, an equally repressing black light emerged from it.

Despite the brilliant radiance of the black light, only a little bit was emitted each time but the might it contained was enough to crush any ordinary cultivator at the Tenth Order God King Realm.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t dare to be careless at all. He continued to push the chaos golden lightning to form tiny little golden dragons to revolve around him. At least his entire body would be protected.

At the same time, the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell emitted waves of silvery glow as it defended Huang Xiaolong’s divine soul.

The fourth restriction was completely released and the space Huang Xiaolong was in became shrouded in darkness.

A humongous demon formed with the power of darkness appeared.

The aura he emitted was stronger at the previous three demons combined. No, that wasn’t all. In fact, it was tens of times stronger than the previous three demons combined!

Despite breaking through to the peak of the late-Seventh Order God King Realm, Huang Xiaolong still felt an astonished suppressive aura coming from it.

However, he had gained a little insight of the power of darkness in the Netherworld King’s Jade after overcoming the first three restrictions. It was also why he felt that the difficulty of refining the fourth restriction was much lower than before.

Huang Xiaolong circulated his godforce and fused it with the power from the chaos golden lightning. He grinded it against the black light emitted from the body of the demon as he chipped away at its strength. All the black light was absorbed and refined by him.

A year soon passed.

Huang Xiaolong’s body was covered in a cocoon of black light and he seemed to have turned into a statue.

Two years passed...

Huang Xiaolong’s vitality seemed to have completely disappeared and it was as though he had turned into part of the black light itself.

In the empty space Huang Xiaolong had dug, the air was frigid and the atmosphere was cold. There wasn’t any sign of life at all, as though everything there was isolated from the world.

Three years passed.

All of a sudden, a bright ray of golden light broke through the black cocoon and illuminated the space. It was as though a flower of gold had bloomed in the darkness and nothing could stop it from displaying its beauty.

Every time the golden radiance grew stronger, the darkness energy would raise a storm.

Subconsciously, Huang Xiaolong felt his divine soul spread out together with the darkness energy as it extended around in his surroundings.

Along with the movement of Huang Xiaolong’s divine soul, he was able to sense a faint sense of life before him.

Huang Xiaolong was stunned for a moment.

This...

The Dragon Race!

The feeling of life he received had to come from the Dragon Race! Moreover, it had to come from a dragon with the darkness attribute.

The only reason he had managed to feel its faint sense of life was due to the assistance of the Netherworld King’s Jade. Otherwise, with the layers upon layers of high-leveled restrictions around him, he wouldn’t be able to feel anything.

Could there be a survivor among the experts of the Dragon Race? The only other possibility would be that the three treasures of the Desolate Era’s Black Dragon Race were located right before him!

The more he thought about it, the more excited he became.

Suppressing the joy in his heart, Huang Xiaolong continued to refine the black light emerging from the Netherworld King’s Jade. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Six years passed.

That was how long Huang Xiaolong took to refine the fourth restriction.

After fully digesting the power from the fourth restriction, Huang Xiaolong felt a terrifying change occur in his body.

Regardless of his divine soul or his physical body, it was strengthened by at least thirty times when compared to the time he had left the Grandmist Lands.

As for his cultivation, he had already broken through to the peak of the late-Eighth Order God King Realm. Even though he had failed to break through to the Ninth Order God King Realm, the increase in his strength had already surpassed his imaginations.

Initially, Huang Xiaolong had felt that he would only be able to break into the mid-Eighth Order God King Realm. At best, he would be able to break into the peak of the middle-Eighth Order God King Realm. However, reality surprised him.

Another two years passed and the Netherworld King’s Jade finally stopped emitting black light.

As all the black light in the surrounding space was absorbed into Huang Xiaolong’s body, his figure finally revealed itself.

He opened his eyes slowly, and exhaled a deep breath.

He had never expected to use eight full years to refine the fourth restriction on the Netherworld King’s Jade.

Just three months ago, he had broken through to the peak of the late-Eighth Order God King Realm, into the Ninth Order.

He stabilized his cultivation at the early-Ninth Order God King Realm!

Huang Xiaolong examined his seemingly endless godforce and the terrifying might of his True Dragon Physique. He felt that even if he didn’t transform and didn’t use the three king of supreme godheads, he would still be able to beat a cultivator at the peak of the late-Tenth Order God King Realm. Moreover, it wouldn’t be much of a fight. With his fleshy body, Huang Xiaolong felt that he would be able to crush his opponent. If he used the king of supreme godheads, he felt that it wouldn’t be a problem to defeat a cultivator at the late-First Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

Getting to his feet, Huang Xiaolong extended his divine soul and reached out to the place he had last felt the fluctuation. Too bad he failed to notice anything different this time.

Retrieving the Netherworld King’s Jade, Huang Xiaolong started to circulate his godforce and black light started to spew out of the jade once again. It slowly extended forward.

Finally, he managed to sense a tiny fluctuation coming from one of the members of the Dragon Race.

No longer hesitating, Huang Xiaolong waved his hand and a tunnel appeared before him. He charged straight towards it.

It was too bad the stones that made up the ruins of the Desolate Era’s black Dragon Race were too hard and despite Huang Xiaolong’s newfound strength, he was only able to dig out a tunnel after several hours of work.

As he arrived at his destination, Huang Xiaolong stared at the darkness before him. It seemed to have congealed into a pool of black energy and he couldn’t take his eyes off it.

It was pitch black and the space around him was eerily silent.

The fluctuation he sensed came precisely from the scene of black before him.

After thinking about it, Huang Xiaolong removed the Tianwu Treasure from his finger and entered it. He controlled it to move forward, slowly entering the pitch-black space before him. He broke all the restrictions along the way and exercised extreme prudence.

Despite its dark surface, Huang Xiaolong realized that the insides were completely different. The scenery before his eyes changed after he broke through the outer layer of the dark space. What greeted him was lush scenery, with trees and flowing rivers. It even felt as though he had entered paradise.

Huang Xiaolong sucked in a deep breath as disbelief filled his mind.

He stared into the distance and saw a statue of a Primordial Black Dragon carved into the tip of a massive mountain.

After pondering for a second, Huang Xiaolong circulated the energy of darkness in the Netherworld King’s Jade and he could tell that the fluctuations of life force came from the black dragon carving.

He emerged from the Tianwu Treasure and his figure turned blurry. He appeared before the carving of the Primordial Black Dragon and felt a sense of overwhelming suppression coming from the extremely life-like dragon.

After flying around the carving once, Huang Xiaolong finally settled down and faced the front of the dragon.