Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the sharp fangs protruding from its mouth, Huang Xiaolong carefully ensured that there were no restrictions in the dragon’s mouth before flying into the massive structure. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

After entering the mouth, Huang Xiaolong realized that there was only one way forward and he quickly made his way to the abdomen.

The path wasn’t wide and only three to four people could travel side by side.

As he traveled closer to the abdomen of the black dragon, an aura that caused his heart to palpitate seemed to rush towards him.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t hesitate and he used his three king of supreme godheads to protect himself. He even surrounded himself with the chaos golden lightning in case anything happened.

The Primordial Black Dragon was several tens of thousands of feet long and there was still a long way Huang Xiaolong had to travel before arriving at the abdomen.

After flying for quite some time, Huang Xiaolong finally arrived at the entrance of it.

When he entered, he realized that the space was pretty huge and it was decorated like a giant palace.

Carvings of Primordial Black Dragons were on all four walls, but there was a slight difference with all of them. There seemed to be some sort of ancient text around each carving on the wall, piquing Huang Xiaolong’s curiosity.

Looking closely, he realized that it was written in the language of the Ancient Dragon Race.

Since he possessed the True Dragon Physique, Huang Xiaolong had done some research into the language of the Dragon Race a long time ago. Even though he hadn’t gained a deep understanding of it, it was enough for him to decipher the words written on the wall.

A wave of shock washed past him as he realized that the black dragon diagrams on the wall depicted a Divine Art from the Desolate Era’s Black Dragon Clan. It was the strongest divine art the race possessed and it was known as the Black Dragon Body Art.

When one cultivated the Black Dragon Body Art, they would be able to ignore all defenses when fighting. It was extremely strong, and when the user met an enemy stronger than them, they would be able to transform into a trace of darkness energy to escape millions of miles away. It was also a type of life saving skill.

However, one had to be of the Dragon Race before they could successfully cultivate the Black Dragon Body Art. As for whether or not one could display the full power of the Black Dragon Body Art, that was another matter altogether. Only black dragons were able to unleash the Black Dragon Body Art to its fullest extent. As for other members of the Dragon Race, they would probably only be able to use thirty to forty percent of its power.

After sweeping his gaze over the Black Dragon Body Art, Huang Xiaolong no longer bothered with it. He was more interested in the three treasures.

After looking for some time, Huang Xiaolong felt that something was off. There were lots of treasures and decoration in the palace around him, no matter how he looked, he was unable to find the Black Dragon Divine Armor, the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle, and the Black Dragon Throne.

Taking out the Netherworld King’s Jade, he tried using the power of darkness to continue his search.

As the power of darkness started to spread out, it seemed to resonate with something in the main pillar of the palace.

Huang Xiaolong felt a rush of joy as his gaze landed on the giant pillar supporting the entire structure.

There was also a carving of a black dragon on the main pillar and after hesitating for a moment, Huang Xiaolong reached over to press on it. The power of darkness surged towards the image of the black dragon.

He never expected that as soon as the power of darkness he released approached the pillar, it would rebound with extreme force. He was even pushed back several steps when the power of darkness struck him.

Approaching the pillar once again, Huang Xiaolong looked at the abdomen of the dragon carving on it. It seemed to have changed a little as the scales on its body were emitting a faint glow. The word, ‘dragon’, slowly appeared on it.

A frown found its way onto Huang Xiaolong’s face.

After so many years of researching the Tianwu Array Records, he was able to recognize the ancient word ‘dragon’ at first glance. This is an ancient formation... it doesn’t seem to be a weak one either...

The formation responded to the strength of the person activating it. If Huang Xiaolong had been stronger when activating it, the might of the rebound would have grown accordingly.

Of course, the power of a formation had its limits. When the power of an attack reached a certain level, any form of formation would be broken. However, with Huang Xiaolong’s current strength, it would be impossible for him to destroy the formation with a single attack. Not to mention, his current level was at the peak of the late-Ninth Order God King Realm. Even if he broke into the Heavenly Monarch Realm, he wouldn’t be able to do anything about the formation.

The only way he would be able to access the treasures was to break the formation bit by bit.

Even though the formation formed by the word, ‘dragon’, was extremely strong, Huang Xiaolong felt that with enough time, he would definitely be able to break it.

In the Tianwu Array Records, there was a ton of information on ancient dragon restrictions.

As such, Huang Xiaolong sat down and turned his full focus onto the Tianwu Array Records.

Every time he gained some insight, he would head over to the pillar to try it out.

As he tried to break the formation, he experienced unprecedented growth in the art of formations. It could even be said that his understanding of it grew with every passing month.

Eventually, a year passed.

One day, Huang Xiaolong approached the pillar and waved his arms. The power of darkness gathered around him and formed several tiny black dragons. As they revolved around him, they formed the word, ‘dragon’ in the air.

“Go!”

Huang Xiaolong clapped once and the word formed by the black dragons fused with the abdomen of the black dragon carving on the pillar.

A brilliant radiance was emitted from the pillar itself.

In the next moment, the black dragon carving on the pillar seemed to come to life. It flew towards Huang Xiaolong and it gave him quite the scare. Before he could take a step back, the black dragon arrived before him. To his surprise, it stopped before him and started to shrink. As the tail of the mini dragon entered its mouth, it formed a circle and hovered in mid air.

As it slowly started to transform, a jade bangle was formed by this life-like dragon.

Reaching out to grab it, Huang Xiaolong felt a chill when it entered his grasp. The frost seemed to extend into his bones and he only managed to get rid of it by circulating his godforce.

Looking at the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle in his hand, Huang Xiaolong exhaled a deep breath. A look of joy flashed through his eyes and a wave of relief washed over him. He had finally obtained one of the three treasures of the Black Dragon Clan, the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle!

What about the other two treasures?! Could it be that they were stored inside the bracelet?

Huang Xiaolong suppressed the excitement in his heart and he tried to lift the restriction on the bracelet. Just as he was about to fully utilize his godforce to break open the restriction, it opened with extreme ease.

When Huang Xiaolong looked at the space inside the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle, his jaws dropped. There were several black dragons weaving their way through the space. Several black dragons was an understatement. There were millions upon millions of black dragons in the space within the bracelet! Even if there weren’t a hundred million of them, there would still be several tens of millions!

It was too bad these black dragons weren’t really from the Dragon Race. They were the manifestation of the high-grade grandmist spiritual pills crafted by the experts of the Dragon Race. Looking at several hundred dragons that were much bigger than the others, Huang Xiaolong knew that they were formed by top-grade grandmist spiritual pills!

Other than the high-grade and top-grade grandmist spiritual pills, there was an endless mountain range located in the bracelet.

It seemed ordinary at first glance, but the entire mountain vein was made of the rarely seen Chaos Ore.

Huang Xiaolong’s gaze didn’t stop there. Instead, it landed on a massive throne sitting atop one of the peaks. The throne itself exuded astonishing might and there was an uncountable number of ancient dragon texts carved into it. Beside the backrest of the throne laid an inscription. “The dragon that oversees all life controls the fate of the Dragon Race. Hail the Dragon King.”

This! This is the Black Dragon Throne!

A brilliant smile formed on Huang Xiaolong’s face. Now that he had located the Black Dragon Throne, the Black Dragon Divine Armor was the only treasure left.