Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

No matter how he scoured the space in the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle, he wasn’t able to find the Black Dragon Divine Armor.

A look of suspicion appeared on his face. Impossible! According to logic, the Black Dragon Divine Armor should be located in the space within the jade bangle. After all, even the Black Dragon Throne was there.

Huang Xiaolong seemed to have felt that he had overlooked something important.

As his gaze slowly turned to look at one of the mountains formed with the chaos essence stone, he felt that something was off about it. It was different from the others. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

There were hundreds of plaques that were emitting a faint black light on the body of the mountain.

Looking at the plaques that were emitting the glow, Huang Xiaolong’s heart shook. With a wave of his arm, he gathered all of them before him.

When they flew towards him, the rays of sunlight reflected off them and brilliant rays of light shot out in all directions. There was a distinctive carving on each of them and they seemed to form a certain type of formation when gathered together.

As if a lightbulb had lit up in Huang Xiaolong’s mind, he circulated darkness godforce and transmitted it into the plaques he gathered. In the next instant, the dark glow they were emitting was amplified several thousands of times and they seemed to turn into black-colored suns in mid air. The symbols and formations on them started to move.

Seeing that he was able to cause a reaction, Huang Xiaolong poured more darkness godforce into them.

Under the constant injection of darkness godforce, the several hundred plaques started to swirl around in the air and they slowly started fusing together.

Along with the fusion of the plaques, the shape of an armor was formed.

After several breaths of time, all of the plaques combined to form a pitch-black armor and it hovered before Huang Xiaolong.

The formation symbols carved on the plaques weren’t too obvious when separated, but now that the complete armor was formed, the mysterious symbols were not so mysterious anymore. They formed a diagram of nine dragons and it arranged itself into a Primordial Black Dragon formation. Every inch of the armor was covered by the formation and it didn’t seem to possess any weak spots.

As for the gaps in the armor, they seemed to be covered with mysterious lines. Initially, Huang Xiaolong felt that it looked like the ancient text from the Dragon Clan, but after looking closely, he felt that that wasn’t the case. The more he looked at it, the more he felt like they resembled some sort of formation. However, no matter how he looked at it, he couldn’t decipher the meaning behind it.

Even though he wasn’t able to see through the meaning of the lines on the armor, Huang Xiaolong felt unbridled joy in his heart.

This armor was precisely the final treasure he was looking for!

Moreover, it was able to separate into several hundred pieces!

If he wanted the armor to separate, it would. If he wanted a complete set of armor, he could simply re-combine it.

The Black Dragon Divine Armor wasn’t a mere body armor. It had many uses and after Huang Xiaolong fully refined it, he would learn many more uses of it.

No longer in a hurry to leave, Huang Xiaolong started to refine all three treasures he had obtained from the palace in the abdomen of the Primordial Black Dragon.

The first thing he refined was the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle.

The Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle was a high-grade grandmist spiritual artifact. The space it contained was several thousand times larger than the Tianwu Treasure Ring. After refining it completely, he would be able to store endless treasures in it.

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that if Huang Xiaolong willed it, he would be able to absorb every single person on a massive divine plane. Regardless of how many spiritual herbs, spiritual pills, or divine armor... As long as Huang Xiaolong wanted to do it, he would be able to suck everything into the space within the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle.

That was how shockingly big the space in a high-grade grandmist spiritual artifact was.

Huang Xiaolong dripped his blood essence onto the bangle and he circulated the darkness godforce in him to refine the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle.

It was possible that his blood essence possessed the attributes of his True Dragon Physique, or that it held the aura of the Dragon Clan within. It could also be possible that the darkness godforce in him played a part, but the bangle was easier to refine than he thought. He took several tens of days and managed to completely refine it.

After refining the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle, Huang Xiaolong learned of the secret behind the three treasures. As long as he fused the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle, the Black Dragon Divine Armor, and the Black Dragon Throne, he would be able to summon the spirit of an endless number of black dragons.

He could use the spirits of the black dragons to attack or defend himself.

Of course, the stronger Huang Xiaolong was, the stronger would be the spirits of the black dragons he summoned. If he managed to grow to unimaginable heights in the future, the strongest spirits he would be able to summon would possess the strength of peak late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm experts.

After doing some calculations, Huang Xiaolong came to a conclusion that he would be able to summon black dragon spirits up to the Second Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

After refining the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle, he turned to the Black Dragon Divine Armor.

Despite it being one of the three treasures, the time he took to refine the divine armor was way longer than the time he took to refine the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle. He took three full months to refine the armor.

The Black Dragon Throne took him the longest to refine.

The Black Dragon Throne was a flying spiritual artifact at the high-grade grandmist artifact level. The ancient flying formations on it were extremely intricate and Huang Xiaolong had to slowly refine every single part of it before he could even think of activating it.

He took nearly a year to refine the Black Dragon Throne.

After refining all three treasures, Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief. His body slowly soared into the air and a thought formed in his heart. The Black Dragon Divine Armor split into hundreds of pieces and surrounded his body. They fused together to form a complete armor in a flash and all the exposed parts of his body were covered.

The Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle turned into a black dragon and wrapped itself on his left pinky. From afar, it looked like an ordinary ring with a black dragon design. As for the throne, it appeared before Huang Xiaolong’s body and he slowly lowered himself onto it.

Huang Xiaolong looked just like someone from the Black Dragon Clan and he was the Black Dragon King. High above the rest, with the Black Dragon Divine Armor on him and the Black Dragon Throne beneath him. He emitted the might and prestige of the king of dragons.

He circulated his darkness godforce and infused it into all three treasures at once and the Black Dragon Throne beneath him turned into a stream of black light. It shattered the space and brought Huang Xiaolong into the space within the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle.

Even though Huang Xiaolong tried his best to overestimate the Black Dragon Throne’s speed, he was still shocked when he experienced it for himself.

Quick!

It was too d*mn quick!

This was ten thousand times faster than the Dragon Shark Flying Ship!

If he took the Dragon Shark Flying Ship, it would take him several days to enter the Grandmist Galaxy. However, he probably only needed two minutes if he took the Black Dragon Throne!

It was more than likely he wouldn’t even take two minutes!

Moreover, everything seemed to come to a standstill around him and he wasn’t affected by the flow of space currents in the space when the Black Dragon Throne soared through it. It was as though he was standing on flat ground.

A burst of joy filled Huang Xiaolong’s heart and he activated the formations in the Black Dragon Throne once again. He left the Primordial Black Dragon statue behind and appeared in the space above the ruins.

After flying for a short while, Huang Xiaolong became much more familiar with the Black Dragon Throne.