Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 162: About to Break Through Xiantian Realm?

All the Big Sword Sect Elders in that main hall became ashen with fear, desperation, and despondency.

A Saint realm expert!

That man was actually a Saint realm expert!

How could there be a Saint realm expert amongst them?!

Even if they flipped the entire Duanren Empire upside down, the number of Saint realm experts were very few, easily counted with ten fingers on one’s two hands.

One of these terrifying existences actually appeared just to destroy the Big Sword Sect!

A Saint realm expert accompanied that little punk Huang Xiaolong!

Huang Xiaolong could actually request the assistance of a Saint realm expert? What was his real identity?! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Just when the Big Sword Sect Elders and disciples thought Zhao Shu came on Huang Xiaolong’s request, they witnessed Zhao Shu turning around and asking Huang Xiaolong respectfully, “Young Lord, how do we deal with these Big Sword Sect Elders and disciples?”

Young Lord?!

The Elders and disciples of the Big Sword Sect stared at Huang Xiaolong in disbelief.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes swept passed the surrounding Big Sword Sect Elders and disciples, “Kill them all!”

Kill them all!!

Eliminate weeds from the root!

This time, Huang Xiaolong was leaving the Luo Tong Kingdom and traveling to Duanren Empire for an indeterminate period, so it was imperative that he not leave these hidden dangers behind that could potentially harm his family. He had sworn to his father that he would uproot the Big Sword Sect eight years ago.

The Elders and disciples of Big Sword Sect quivered as Huang Xiaolong’s words drummed into their ears. Everyone panicked, fighting over each other in order to escape from the main hall.

However, just as these people were about to make their move, they suddenly felt the space around them freeze. All were fixed in place.

Zhao Shu looked placidly at these people that were frozen like statues. His hands waved out and the power of space pierced through the Elders and disciples’ chests like invisible wind blades.

Bodies fell from midair, twitching on the ground. Puncture wounds could easily be seen in their chests.

As the power of space continued to spread out from inside the main hall, the Big Sword Sect disciples that were assembled outside fell to the ground en masse.

Before long, the tens of thousands of Big Sword Sect’s disciples had fallen, and not one person was left standing.

Looking at the vast sea of the Big Sword Sect disciples’ black human heads, both Huang Xiaolong and Fei Hou were silently alarmed.

A Saint realm expert was this terrifying!

With just a simple wave of his hand, a prominent large sect of a kingdom was annihilated?!

A day later, the news about Big Sword Sect’s annihilation and its hundred thousand disciples’ deaths exploded like an atomic bomb in Baolong Kingdom. From the King and the many nobles, to the common folk and even the shameless street thugs, all knew about it and found it hard to believe.

The tens of thousands of Big Sword Sect disciples, including two Xiantian experts, Yu Chen and Lin Zhiren, were killed!

The enormity of the news was too shocking!

When the news started spreading, everyone thought that the person telling it to them was joking.

But ten days later, the news of the Martial Ning Family’s annihilation dropped like a second bomb in the Baolong Kingdom. This raised earth-shattering quakes throughout the entire Kingdom. Another ten days after that, a new message spread out: the Clear Cloud Pavilion’s headquarters’ several thousand experts were decimated.

Big Sword Sect, Martial Ning Family, and Clear Cloud Pavilion!

Any one of these forces were considered a tyrannical existence in Baolong Kingdom!

But now, within one month’s time, all three of these large forces were wiped off the face of the planet!

Baolong Kingdom fell into a gloomy atmosphere of shock, confusion, and infinite fear.

Fear of the unknown infected neighboring kingdoms. Discussions and whispers were nearly everywhere. Everyone was making their own deductions about who annihilated the Big Sword Sect, Martial Ning Family, and Clear Cloud Pavilion. Who would have the power to destroy those three large forces?

No one discovered who uprooted the three forces, but judging from the similar method used, most forces were of the opinion that all three were done in by the same culprit.

While Baolong Kingdom and its neighbors were still immersed in guesswork, Huang Xiaolong’s group of four arrived at the border of Baolong Kingdom, crossing the border into Black Iron Kingdom.

For the shortest route to Duanren Empire from Luo Tong Kingdom, Huang Xiaolong needed to cut across Baolong Kingdom, Black Iron Kingdom, and around twenty other kingdoms before he could arrive at his destination.

Therefore, seven months until the Imperial City Battle may seem far away, but Huang Xiaolong and the rest were making the best time possible just in case they ran into any delays. According to Huang Xiaolong’s estimation, at their speed, they would need at least six months or so before arriving at their destination.

After Baolong Kingdom, the rest of the journey went on smoothly.

Five months passed.

During the rushed travel, Huang Xiaolong still made time to practice Asura Tactics.

Within these five months, the battle qi in Huang Xiaolong’s Qi Sea and meridians condensed, becoming more concentrated. Most of his battle qi flowing along his meridians and Qi Sea had already converted to liquid form.

When all the battle qi in his body was converted to a liquid state, it would signify Huang Xiaolong’s ascension to the Xiantian Realm. Once he stepped into the Xiantian realm, a new door would open to an entirely different perspective.

As they continued on their journey, another ten days passed quickly.

On one quiet night, the moon was particularly bright.

The four of them decided to stop and rest for the night at a barren hill before continuing their journey onward.

The bonfire crackled, and strong flames cast light on the surrounding.

Occasionally, the howling of wolves could be heard through the night.

Huang Xiaolong, Zhao Shu, Yu Ming, and Fei Hou were sitting in a circle around the bonfire, an aromatic fragrance wafted over from the meat roasting on the fire.

Such a scene and atmosphere reminded Huang Xiaolong of years past when he whisked his parents and little siblings away from the Huang Clan Manor and took them to Luo Tong’s Royal City. It was just like the nights they spent sleeping outside and eating roast meat from the bonfires.

That year, his little sister promised she would cultivate diligently, grow strong, and defeat Huang Wei.

At that time, they did not know Huang Wei and the rest of Huang Clan Manor had all been murdered by the Big Sword Sect. However, eight years later he successfully returned the favor, destroying Big Sword Sect completely.

“Sovereign, we should arrive at Duanren Empire in roughly two weeks.” At this time, Yu Ming suddenly spoke.

Huang Xiaolong stopped thinking of the past, nodding at Yu Ming. That’s right, in two weeks’ time he would be stepping into Duanren Empire.

Duanren Empire!

This was Huang Xiaolong’s next step!

It was imperative that he get first place in the Imperial City Battle!

The delicious smell coming from the roasted meat thickened, indicating it was ready. The four of them each cut a piece off and started to eat.

“I wonder how that little guy is doing?” Huang Xiaolong suddenly remembered the Spirit Devourer Violet Monkey.

At first, Huang Xiaolong planned to bring the little monkey with him to Duanren Empire, but it went into the Silvermoon Forest. Thus, Huang Xiaolong could only give up and decided to bring it along next time upon his return to Luo Tong Kingdom.

During the past two years, the little violet monkey not only advanced to Stage Ten just as he did, it also reached peak late-Tenth Order.

By the next time Huang Xiaolong encounters it, the little monkey would very likely have already broken through to the Xiantian realm as well.

Huang Xiaolong took out the jugs of Fiery Wine and Snow Moon Wine he had stored inside the Asura Ring, enjoying them with Zhao Shu, Yu Ming, and Fei Hou.

Although rushed traveling was a little dull, the wine and roast meat made it bearable.

Sated from the meal, Zhao Shu, Yu Ming, and Fei Hou kept watch whereas Huang Xiaolong initiated the God Binding Ring and entered the ancient battlefield.

Huang Xiaolong had a feeling his Xiantian realm breakthrough would happen within the next two days.

Running the Asura Tactics cultivation technique, the black and blue dragon emerged behind Huang Xiaolong, hovering above his head as they greedily devoured the netherworld spiritual energy gushing down from the void.

His breakthrough in the last year had greatly enhanced and solidified his martial spirit’s corporeal bodies. Each of the dragon scales on their bodies were distinctive, reflecting light on their smooth surface as if they could turn into real life dragons at any moment.

The netherworld battle qi in Huang Xiaolong’s Qi Sea and meridians were surging vigorously, and they had completely turned an inky blackish purple.

The deepest and darkest purple colored battle qi appeared was daunting and intimidating at first glance, and when Huang Xiaolong circulated his battle qi, it looked like the Cocytus River that flowed up from the underworld.

When Huang Xiaolong was absorbing the overflowing netherworld spiritual energy, the netherworld battle qi within his body started vibrating violently.

This is...? Huang Xiaolong was startled, was he breaking into the Xiantian realm right...now?