Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

When the palace doors opened, black light slowly emitted out through the gap.

This black light seemed to originate from the very end of heaven and earth, the deepest ends of hell, or perhaps, these black rays came from the beginning of hell, like water, rippling towards Huang Xiaolong.

Sensing the vigorous energy within this seemingly fragile black rays of light, Huang Xiaolong’s heart contracted in shock.

Probably, even an Emperor Realm expert would be destroyed instantly if they accidentally touched this black light...?

Just as Huang Xiaolong wanted to step back, an overpowering suction force came from the black light, pulling Huang Xiaolong in. He was powerless to resist and was dragged into the palace hall.

However, the Netherworld King’s Jade emitted a radiant light that formed a protective barrier around Huang Xiaolong in the same instant the black light’s suction force pulled Huang Xiaolong into the palace hall.

Within the Netherworld King’s Jade radiant light barrier, the black light was unable to touch Huang Xiaolong. Seeing this, Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief. Even so, it brought cold sweat down his back, and he felt a bit less than calm.

A while later, Huang Xiaolong found his bearings and began examining his surroundings.

All around him was the same black light. This hall seemed to be an independent space itself. Even with Huang Xiaolong’s eyesight, he couldn’t see where the hall ended, as if heaven and earth were made up of the black light.

Huang Xiaolong had a feeling that this place was where Hell’s three worlds began!

The black light he saw around him seemed to be of the highest quality. He felt like it was the purest and original source of energy of Hell’s three worlds.

Thinking of this, Huang Xiaolong sucked in a breath of cold air.

This black light was likely sealed here by someone with supreme skills, and that someone had to be the Lord of Hell!

Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged on the floor. He adjusted his mind, then summoned his three avatars out and formed a four-colored spiritual energy gathering matrix. All four of them ran the Grandmist Parasitic Medium and began absorbing the black light.

However, Huang Xiaolong dared not absorb unscrupulously in the beginning, starting with one small ray of black light.

Even so, when a ray of the black light flowed into Huang Xiaolong’s body, he twitched violently as if hit by a giant primordial mountain. An unimaginable heavy force ran rampant within his body, instantly breaking his veins and meridians!

But this was not the end of it—Huang Xiaolong’s internal organs exploded.

Huang Xiaolong was deathly pale.

The black light was so overbearing and terrifying.

In the years Huang Xiaolong had been cultivating, he had consumed many rare spiritual herbs, and numerous chaos treasures, in the midst, his True Dragon Physique had been tempered to a freakishly strong degree; even more so after he advanced to God King Realm. It could be said that his True Dragon Physique had gained an immortal attribute, despite that, his True Dragon Physique could not withstand the impact from the black light’s energy!

Huang Xiaolong quickly circulated his godforce from his three supreme godheads, and a vigorous supreme godforce rushed out to suppress the black light energy inside his body. But it was useless. Despite Huang Xiaolong’s supreme godforce’s suppression, the black light’s energy continued to flow to various parts of his body at a scary speed. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Wherever the black light’s energy passed, Huang Xiaolong’s flesh collapsed.

From outside, Huang Xiaolong’s True Dragon Physique first exploded from his legs, then his lower body, torso, and his head. One body part after another consecutively, until at last, only his three supreme godheads remained.

At the same time, Huang Xiaolong’s three avatars’ bodies also exploded, leaving only their supreme godheads.

Bedazzling lights burst out from Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads, stirring heaven and earth with their radiance. But within the hall of black light, the bedazzling radiance from Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads was immediately suppressed to nothing but a soft glow.

In the end, Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads dimmed entirely, without any trace of an aura, as if they were lifeless items.

The Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, Black Dragon Divine Armor, Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle, Black Dragon Throne, the Yellow Springs Magic Robe, Tianwu Treasure, and the four divine fires floated around Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads.

Still, enveloped within the flowing black light, the top-grade grandmist spiritual artifacts like the Black Dragon Divine Armor, or the high-grade grandmist Black Dragon Throne, and even the four divine fires had lost their usual brilliance.

In this hall, the black light was the supreme Hell’s sovereign. In Hell, any living being or items must bow down before it, even the king of supreme godhead must submit!

Huang Xiaolong’s soul marks within his three supreme godheads were akin to candlelight in the wind, flickering unsteadily, threatening to go off at any time.

When Huang Xiaolong’s consciousness was about to sink into hell for eternity, the Netherworld King’s Jade that had been floating on the side burst out in mesmerizing lights, wrapping over Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads and his three avatars’ supreme godheads.

When this happened, Huang Xiaolong’s soul marks regained some vitality, his consciousness slowly returned, and soft halos returned to the surface of his three supreme godheads.

A few days later, the damages to Huang Xiaolong’s soul healed completely, and his exploded flesh began to regrow. Starting from his head down to his torso and arms, lower body and finally his legs.

When his body had regrown, Huang Xiaolong immediately discovered that his True Dragon Physique was stronger and more perfect than ever.

But it merely lasted for a moment. As the black light’s energy rushed inside Huang Xiaolong’s body once again, his True Dragon Physique exploded a second time.

The same sequence repeated a third time, fourth, fifth, and so on....

His True Dragon Physique exploded, regrew, then exploded again, and regrew again.

Everytime Huang Xiaolong’s flesh regrew, his True Dragon Physique became even more perfect than before.

At one point, Huang Xiaolong even lost count of how many times his flesh had regrown, well, no less than a hundred times. Finally, his True Dragon Physique adapted to the colliding force of the black light’s energy inside his body.

Huang Xiaolong made every effort to circulate the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, refining the black light’s energy.

Even for Huang Xiaolong who had three supreme godheads, the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, and three avatars with supreme godheads, it took him more than ten days to refine one ray of that black light’s energy.

Yet when Huang Xiaolong finished absorbing the ray of black light’s energy, he clearly felt there were come changes to his three supreme godheads and True Dragon Physique, but he couldn’t describe clearly what these differences were.

Subsequently, Huang Xiaolong started refining the second ray of black light.

Refining the second ray of black light was much easier, and he required only half the time when compared to the first ray of black light he had refined.

Then, he refined the third ray of light which took Huang Xiaolong only four days.

Everytime Huang Xiaolong finished refining one ray of black light, refining the subsequent rays of light required half the effort.

By the time one year went by, Huang Xiaolong was able to refine one ray of black light in a single breath’s time.

By the second year, between each breath, several hundred rays of light flooded into Huang Xiaolong’s body, and were completely absorbed by him in a split second.

Three years, four years, five years...

Huang Xiaolong was still seated cross-legged in the hall, and the boundaryless darkness roiled violently, drilling into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

There were more inextinguishable runes covering the surface of Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads, almost completely wrapping them in their entirety!

The three supreme godheads exuded a strong indestructible aura!

Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation had reached the peak of late-Tenth Order God King Realm!

However, Huang Xiaolong did not rush to breakthrough to Heavenly Monarch Realm, suppressing it over and over again, choosing to temper his True Dragon Physique and three supreme godheads instead.

Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads that were wrapped over once by dense inextinguishable runes had a new second layer of inextinguishable runes appearing on them!