Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

“Giant Darkness Lion!”

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes narrowed as he recognized these giant lions immediately. These giant lions were one of Hell’s top-grade grandmist divine beasts with powerful attacks.

Even though these ten thousand Giant Darkness Lions’ strength was only at the peak late-Tenth Order Second Order Heavenly Monarch Realm like him, their battle prowess was higher than an average early Third Order Heavenly Monarch expert.

Ten thousand Darkness Giant Lions could wear a late-Third Order, even a peak late-Third Order Heavenly Monarch Realm to his death.

The moment these ten thousand Darkness Giant Lions appeared, they dashed to attack Huang Xiaolong.

Seeing this, Huang Xiaolong stopped hesitating. He rushed forward into the herd of Darkness Giant Lions instead of dodging or running away from them.

According to Tai Yue and the others, only completely killing every last beast that appeared in front of him could lead him to pass through the entryway to the second floor successfully.

Without killing these beasts, it would be pointless even if he managed to ascend to the second floor.

Huang Xiaolong circulated his Holy Dragon Supreme Godhead’s godforce to the limit. Almost instantly, streaks of divine lightning condensed above him.

This divine lightning spread out in a split second, forming a massive cloud of lightning extending over ten thousand li radius.

The Darkness Giant Lions were immediately inside Huang Xiaolong’s lightning cloud radius. In the next moment, numerous streaks of divine lightning split them open, destroying a group of Darkness Giant Lions. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

These Darkness Giant Lions were condensed from the Holy Mountain’s power. Huang Xiaolong soon discovered after killing these Darkness Giant Lions that they turned into a kind of energy from the Holy Mountain and entered his body.

To Huang Xiaolong’s delight, when his body absorbed this energy, he discovered that it contained one of the purest origin energy. It was even better than any top-grade grandmist spiritual pills!

In other words, absorbing the energy by killing one Darkness Giant Lion brought more excellent benefits than refining a top-grade grandmist spiritual pill!

Huang Xiaolong looked at the droves of Darkness Giant Lions, dashing towards him as if he was looking at appetizing supreme spiritual pills flying towards him while calling his name.

Huang Xiaolong’s Holy Dragon Supreme Godhead, Archdevil Supreme Godhead, and Innumerable Buddha Supreme Godhead spun simultaneously. The lightning cloud above his head grew bigger once again.

Thunder rumbled, and destructive power intensified at the same time.

In the blink of an eye, Darkness Giant Lions were killed consecutively, supplying Huang Xiaolong with a steady stream of origin energy.

This energy was easy to refine and was absorbed entirely by Huang Xiaolong’s body in a few breaths, unlike top-grade grandmist spiritual pills that require a few hours for him to refine and absorb.

Ten thousand Darkness Giant Lions’ numbers began to reduce rapidly. When a streak of divine lightning destroyed the last of the Darkness Giant Lion, Huang Xiaolong’s figure turned into a streak of light as he flew straight towards the entryway leading to the second floor.

While Huang Xiaolong eliminated all ten thousand Darkness Giant Lions on the first floor, inside another space, the Massacring Gods Gate’s Song Litao was still killing the hell beasts with great effort.

Upon their entry, the Holy Mountain had separately placed every disciple into different spaces. Moreover, according to each disciple’s cultivation realm and strength, the Holy Mountain had arranged the most appropriately challenging hell beasts.

Song Litao himself was a peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm expert, and his obstacle included one thousand peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm Flying Dragon Beasts. Though these one thousand Flying Dragon Beasts’ attack power was only average, they had terrific speed and exceptional recovery ability, which made killing them troublesome.

In the time Huang Xiaolong finished killing ten thousand Darkness Giant Lions, Song Litao had merely dealt with half of the Flying Dragon Beasts.

In another space, Shi Yinyu, who had a similar strength of a peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, was battling a group of Twin-winged Yin Locusts Beasts. These Twin-winged Locust Beasts also did not have powerful attacks but were extremely toxic. One sting from these Twin-winged Locust Beasts would give an early First Order Emperor Realm expert an unforgettable taste of pain.

The Misty Palace’s He Jingyi was being besieged by a group of Purple Cavern Snakes that were innately apt in hiding themselves. The lethality of these Purple Cavern Snakes’ attacks lied in their unpredictability instead of power.

In another space, the Ghost World’s Qin Huangzhong was swarmed by ethereal Fantasy Sea Butterflies. These Fantasy Sea Butterflies carried a kind of intoxicating fragrance that confused the senses, pulling the victims into an illusion. Once one fell into the illusion, it would be hard to come out of it.

While Song Litao, Shi Yinyu, Peng Zhengfei, He Jingyi, Wu Deng, Qin Huangzhong, Ji Chen, and the others were strenuously trying to clear their obstacles on the first floor, Huang Xiaolong had reached the entryway to the second floor. He arrived at the second-floor moments later.

The moment Huang Xiaolong appeared on the second floor, golden lights condensed in front of him as three glistening golden fruits that exuded an indescribable allure appeared right before his eyes.

Holy fruit!

Three of them!

These fruits’ appearance proved that he was the first person to clear the obstacles on the first floor.

Huang Xiaolong suppressed his joy and threw the three holy fruits into the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bangle.

Now, he needed to pass the eleven floors to reach the twelfth floor. It won’t be too late to refine these holy fruits then.

Huang Xiaolong took a glance in the direction of the entryway to the third floor.

In the space between Huang Xiaolong and the entryway to the third floor, the Holy Mountain’s power glimmered, condensing into rows and rows of beasts made of white bones. They were small in size and were barely one-tenth of the Darkness Giant Lions on the first floor below, but they resembled humans in shape. However, each one of these white bone beasts had shiny golden runes. The pressure coming from them was more than a little stronger than the Darkness Giant Lions.

Even Huang Xiaolong could not put a name to these white bones beast; still, he could see that all of them have the strength of an early Third Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. Despite their numbers being ten thousand, the same as the previous floor, these white bone beasts’ overall battle power was comparable to one hundred thousand Darkness Giant Lions.

Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath and flew straight towards the white bone beasts without any reduction in speed.

The three supreme godheads were spinning to their limits, and the rumbling lightning clouds appeared again above Huang Xiaolong’s head.

But Huang Xiaolong didn’t expect the next scene. When streaks of lightning struck down, the golden runes on the white bone beasts, they emitted dazzling rays of golden light. Although these rays of golden light did not completely block the lightning, they weakened its power.

Thus, even though Huang Xiaolong’s lightning attack killed the white bone beasts, it depleted more of Huang Xiaolong’s godforce.

Huang Xiaolong’s brows tightened at the thought of this.

But in the next moment, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes were shining in excitement. The quality of energy from eliminating these white bone beasts was even higher than that of the Darkness Giant Lions.

After Huang Xiaolong killed one thousand of these white bone beasts, Huang Xiaolong distinctively felt that his strength had improved.

Initially, it would have taken him a few more years to advance to Third Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, but now, his cultivation was showing signs of an impending breakthrough.

Huang Xiaolong increased his speed of killing.

Two thousand!

Three thousand!

Four thousand!

As Huang Xiaolong continued to absorb the energy from killing white bone beasts, his strength rose steadily. Finally, by his eight-thousandth white bone beast, a muffled rumble sounded within his body. A bright light burst out from Huang Xiaolong’s body as his momentum soared.

Third Order Heavenly Monarch Realm!

He had actually advanced to the Third Order Heavenly Monarch Realm in such a short time! Simultaneously, the lightning clouds above his head expanded again, more lightning streaks appeared, and thunder rumbled loudly as lightning fell on several dozen white bone beasts.

The speed of Huang Xiaolong slaughtering these white bone beasts increased significantly.

When Huang Xiaolong finished killing all of the second floor’s ten thousand white bone beasts, it took him less than an hour. In other words, Huang Xiaolong could kill several white bone beasts in a split second.

Huang Xiaolong adjusted his breathing so that his depleted godforce could recover before passing through the entryway to the third floor.

The entire Holy Mountain emitted a bright flicker of light while Huang Xiaolong appeared on the third floor. There were ripples of light on the Holy Mountain surface, where the third floor was located.

This sight dumbfounded the experts waiting outside.