Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

During these two years of waiting outside, Tai Yue and the others would occasionally fantasize how good it would be if the mysterious genius was their master...

But it won’t take long for them to doubt, and asked themselves, was that possible?

Not only them, even the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Giant Tribe, Fengdu City, Massacring Gods Gate, Misty Palace, and even the Dark Rock Race’s experts too had such similar fantasies; fantasizing that the mysterious genius was the young lord of their force. But fantasies remained fantasies.

The Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe, Fengdu City, and other forces’ experts understood deep down that the possibility was nil.

As the spectators waited outside with anticipation, another year went by.

On this day a year later, a heaven shaking dragon’s roar reverberated throughout the eleventh floor as the last of the Ice Dragons fell under Huang Xiaolong’s supreme fire element godforce sword formation. It transformed into the Holy Mountain’s energy, which was absorbed by Huang Xiaolong.

After seeing the last of the Ice Dragon disappear, Huang Xiaolong crumbled to the ground, panting heavily from exhaustion!

Damn, he had finally killed all of them...

A good while later, Huang Xiaolong pulled himself into a sitting position and began to recover his godforce. Several hours later, his depleted godforce recovered.

Next, it was time for him to refine the Netherworld King’s Jade’s sixth restriction.

Huang Xiaolong was confident that he could pass the Holy Mountain’s twelfth floor’s obstacles, but to be absolutely certain, before entering the twelfth floor, he decided to raise his strength further.

Furthermore, Huang Xiaolong also planned to refine the holy fruits after receiving the last three of them on the twelfth floor. Therefore, at this point, his best bet was refining the Netherworld King’s Jade’s sixth restriction.

Huang Xiaolong took out the Netherworld King’s Jade and placed it in his hand. Then, he adjusted his mind, and began concentrating. The chaos Golden Dragon Lightning Pool and chaos Black Tortoise Lightning Pool’s lightning powers rushed out and swirled around his arms.

Huang Xiaolong no longer worried about any repercussions from refining the Netherworld King’s Jade ever since he had accepted the Lord of Hell’s inheritance and obtained the heart of hell. He didn’t need to be as vigilant and cautious as he did in the past.

The golden dragon lightning power and black tortoise lightning power sizzled down Huang Xiaolong’s arms and wrapped around the Netherworld King’s Jade in his hand.

The Netherworld King’s Jade’s sixth restriction was stimulated. A darkness archdevil condensed from the roiling darkness energy and appeared in front of Huang Xiaolong.

One day, ten days, one month, a year... time flowed by without waiting for anyone.

Huang Xiaolong gradually devoured and absorbed the darkness archdevil.

At the end of killing the eleventh floor’s Fire Phoenixes and Ice Dragons, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation was close to breaking through to the peak of early Fourth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. His cultivation swiftly rose to the peak early-Fourth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm in half a year as he refined the Netherworld King’s Jade. Close to the end of a year, Huang Xiaolong’s body suddenly enshrouded in a burst of light—he had broken through to the mid-Fourth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm!

By the end of a year’s time, there was still a steady stream of darkness energy flowing into Huang Xiaolong’s body from the darkness archdevil. This darkness energy was actually a small portion of bloodline power the Lord of Hell had left inside the Netherworld King’s Jade, in the past. The higher the restrictions went, the more powerful the energy was.

At last, two years later, Huang Xiaolong advanced to the peak mid-Fourth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm!

At this point, the darkness archdevil’s energy had begun to thin, and the archdevil had also reduced in size.

It completely disappeared by the end of the third year.

Huang Xiaolong stopped and put away the Netherworld King’s Jade. Unfortunately, he did not advance to the late-Fourth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, which stayed like an itch in Huang Xiaolong’s heart.

“What’s going on? The mysterious genius has been on the eleventh floor for four years now, why hasn’t he clear the eleventh floor?!”

“Did something happen? Maybe he’s heavily injured?”

“Didn’t I say it that even if he can clear the obstacles on the lower floors, it doesn’t mean that he can do the same on the higher floors. See now, it’s already four years, and he still has not managed to clear the eleventh floor. Who knows, the tenth floor is his highest achievement! Forget about surpassing Castellan Qin Fan or Palace Master Shu Wei, he cannot be compared to either of them at all.”

Experts who had bet that Huang Xiaolong would clear the eleventh floor within a year’s time were cursing Huang Xiaolong ruthlessly. Some of them had bet millions of low-grade chaos spirit stones, while some had even bet several hundred millions.

All of a sudden, the Holy Mountain emitted long, low humming noises.

Rays of resplendent light burst out from the Holy Mountain, wearing a cloak of light over every expert above the Nethersea.

The rest of the words were stuck in their throats.

Dazzling rays of light that they had never seen before shone from the outer surface of the Holy Mountain where the twelfth floor was located.

This breathtaking light mesmerized everyone, and imprinted directly onto their souls. It was an unforgettable experience of a lifetime.

This dazzling light had also appeared when Qin Fan and Shu Wei had reached the twelfth floor during their times.

“The twelfth floor already.”

Someone muttered under his breath.

Yes, it was already the twelfth floor.

Huang Xiaolong had reached the twelfth floor.

Huang Xiaolong breathed in relief as he collected the three holy fruits. He had thirty-three holy fruits now. Still, there were three more remaining; then he would have thirty-six holy fruits.

Huang Xiaolong was dumbfounded when he flew to the twelfth floor. In front of him were rows and rows of delicate-faced angels with their wings spread out!

Radiance Angels!

All of them were twelve-winged Radiance Angels!

Huang Xiaolong was genuinely flabbergasted. Even in the Divine World of Light, it can’t be said for certain that an Emperor Realm expert had twelve wings. But on the Holy Mountain’s twelfth floor, he saw an army of mid-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm twelve-winged Radiance Angels!

What was this?!!

However, Huang Xiaolong was certain of one thing. These twelve-winged Radiance Angels were absolutely more frightening than same level grandmist divine beasts; many, many times over!

An army of thirty thousand mid-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm Radiance Angels!

These thirty thousand angels did not immediately attack upon seeing Huang Xiaolong, but they rearranged themselves at different locations, forming an ancient grand formation. From the higher aerial view, this ancient grand formation resembled a great sword of light that could split heaven and earth into two.

Even in a one on one battle, Huang Xiaolong would be hard pressed to kill any one of these Radiance Angels, yet thirty thousand Radiance Angels had formed an ancient grand formation, synchronizing their powers... Even someone like Huang Xiaolong, who had three supreme godheads and had broken through to the peak mid-Fourth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, felt his scalp tingle.

In the next moment, Huang Xiaolong stopped hesitating. In a flicker, he transformed into a primordial divine dragon, exuding majestic dragon might as he roared towards the sky. In a split second, Huang Xiaolong seized the initiative to attack.

With a flick of his tail, Huang Xiaolong appeared above the ancient grand formation of the thirty thousand Radiance Angels. Right now, he had used the movement technique of the Black Dragon Clan. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

This was an extremely powerful technique. Huang Xiaolong’s speed had increased several times after transforming into a primordial divine dragon, and the Black Dragon Clan’s movement technique further doubled his speed. Not even a late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm expert could catch up to Huang Xiaolong’s current speed.

Arriving above the thirty thousand Radiance Angels, Huang Xiaolong’s hill-sized claws grabbed at the ancient grand formation. Instantly, rumbling noises shook the air.

At his current strength, Huang Xiaolong saw through the ancient grand formation’s weakness, at a glance. With that, he knew that these thirty thousand Radiance Angels wouldn’t be able to condense another formation, which reduced the difficulty of killing them.

Huang Xiaolong’s claws crushed over a hundred Radiance Angels in a single attack.

At the same instant as when Huang Xiaolong’s claws got them, his Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s darkness energy surged forth.

These angels possessed the World of Light’s most powerful godforce, and the purest light energy, however, Huang Xiaolong’s darkness godforce had merged with the Lord of Hell’s darkness power. Thus, these twelve-winged angels’ light godforce was powerless to resist the corrosion of Huang Xiaolong’s darkness godforce.