Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

A glimmer of greed flitted across Shi Wushuang’s eyes as he stared at the Radiance Divine Scepter in Huang Xiaolong’s hand. A billion years had passed since the war between the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe and Heavenly Court. During that time, the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s only grandmist treasure, the Nine Yin Magic Mirror, was lost. His tribe had not had another grandmist treasure since then.

The Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe had been sick at heart about this matter.

Shi Wushuang could tell the divine scepter in Huang Xiaolong’s hand was at par with the lost Nine Yin Magic Mirror. If his tribe could get this divine scepter, they didn’t need to worry about having insufficient power when attacking the Divine World.

With this divine scepter, they won’t need to fear whether the King of Grandmist, that old monster, would make a move or not. Adding the divine scepter with their Old Ancestor’s current strength, they definitely could deter the King of Grandmist.

Huang Xiaolong noted Shi Wushuang’s fiery gaze on the Radiance Divine Scepter and sneered inwardly. He knew without guessing what Shi Wushuang was thinking. However, Shi Wushuang’s fantasy was nothing but fantasy, even if the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe got their hands on the Radiance Divine Scepter, they won’t be able to use its power.

Only the person who obtained the Heavenly Hall’s inheritance could use the Radiance Divine Scepter’s power.

Shi Wushuang suppressed the temptation and excitement in his heart as he turned his attention to Desolate Giant Tai Yue, Demon King Fan Hui, and the rest. “Tai Yue, Fan Hui, Jin Yuan, Wan Yutian, as the peak late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm experts, why would the four of you submit to a mere Heavenly Monarch kid? Are you really willing to acknowledge a Heavenly Monarch as your master? Aren’t you afraid of being the laughing stock of all cultivators?”

Hearing Shi Wushuang’s words, Tai Yue responded indifferently, “What? You got some ‘wise’ opinion?”

A smile bloomed over Shi Wushuang’s face as he replied, “It won’t be long before Lu Kun surpasses the Emperor Realm, and takes over the Netherworld King’s Organisation and becomes its new master. Lu Kun is the real new master of the Netherworld King’s Organisation, if you follow Lu Kun in the future, and join our Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s great plan, then you can rule one direction of the universe. Isn’t that better than being a slave to a snot-nosed kid?!”

“What thing is Lu Kun? He has the cheek to claim he’s the Netherworld King’s Organisation’s new master?” Asura King Jin Yuan couldn’t help snickering with disdain, “He’s in cahoots with your Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe and had betrayed the Netherworld King’s Organisation. So in our eyes, he’s nothing but a traitor to the Netherworld King’s Organisation. He’s not even qualified to carry our Master’s shoes for him!”

Peng Zhengfei was enraged by Jin Yuan’s words.

Shi Wushuang raised his hand, stopping Peng Zhengfei from acting whilst looking coldly at Jin Yuan. “I gave you four a chance to make a better decision, just now. But since you insist on being buried together with this kid, I will fulfill your wish!”

Shi Wushuang disappeared in a flicker, even before his last word fell, arriving right in front of Huang Xiaolong in an instant. His speed was so fast that Tai Yue and the other three did not react.

Shi Wushuang’s palm struck at Huang Xiaolong’s chest where his heart was located.

This single palm strike contained Shi Wushuang’s full force.

As he had planned earlier, he was going to kill this Asura noble cleanly and completely in one strike. As long as this Asura noble died, then all the problems they had would vanish.

“DIE!”

Shi Wushuang’s killing intent reached its peak, and an overwhelming corpse qi swallowed heaven and earth. Looking at Shi Wushuang’s terrifying corpse qi, the experts in the distance ashened and swiftly retreated even further away in a panic, afraid to come in contact with a strand of corpse qi.

Shi Wushuang’s corpse qi had reached a shocking degree that it could cause an Emperor Realm’s flesh to rot just from the smallest contamination. More importantly, there was no chance of survival.

Watching Shi Wushuang’s palm strike aimed at Huang Xiaolong’s chest, Tai Yue and the others were shocked and furious, but it was too late for them to stop Shi Wushuang.

Bang!

Thus, Shi Wushuang’s palm landed accurately on Huang Xiaolong’s chest, right above his heart.

Huang Xiaolong felt tremendous force slamming into his chest, and in the next moment, he was completely thrown off the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin’s back. Time seemed to pass in a slow motion. He could hear Tai Yue and the others’ anxious cries and enraged roars.

At the moment Huang Xiaolong was thrown off the qilin’s back, he saw the ecstatic gleam in Shi Wushuang’s eyes and the wide smile over his face.

Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin Hao Ren roared skywards, his roar was filled with fury, anguish, and boundless killing intent. His hooves stomped hard in the air, and billowing scarlet qilin flames emerged, threatening to submerge Shi Wushuang.

Even the heavens shook under the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin’s wrathful attack.

“Evil spawn! You want to court death, then go die together with your master!” Shi Wushuang glared at the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin galloping towards him and snickered coldly. If the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin had the strength of a Tenth Order Emperor Realm, maybe, he would be a little more cautious, merely a mid-Fourth Order Emperor Realm Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin, he could kill it easily a hundred times over!

Shi Wushuang raised his palm again, he was about to deal with the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin, when suddenly, overpowering waves of fist force and palm force swept towards him. Shi Wushuang’s heart tightened. Knowing Tai Yue, Fan Hui, and the other two were attacking him, Shi Wushuang could only give up on killing the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin for now.

Even if he was powerful, he did not dare to collide head on with these four’s combined attack.

Shi Wushuang didn’t even turn around, in a few subtle shifts of his body, he had moved out of harm’s way, leaving only several blurry afterimages.

Each afterimage seemed to be in a different dimension.

And every afterimage didn’t seem to be Shi Wushuang’s real body. It was as if the real Shi Wushuang had gone.

“Space-Time Displacement Law!”

Someone among the experts exclaimed.

The Space-Time Displacement Law was a lost movement technique from the chaos grandmist era.

In this split second, Tai Yue, Fan Hui, Jin Yuan, and Wan Yutian’s joint attack landed where Shi Wushuang stood, shattering space. Then, their attack destroyed a bigger area, chasing after Shi Wushuang’s afterimages.

The four people’s fist force and palm force shattered several thousand li of space.

Space became distorted and unstable, waves rose thousand zhang high on the Nethersea just like when the Holy Mountain had surfaced.

The Massacring Gods Gate, Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe, and Howling Moon Wolf Race’s experts slightly ashened seeing how powerful Tai Yue and the others’ joint attack was.

In a matter of moments, the four people’s fist force and palm force had crushed all of Shi Wushuang’s afterimages.

But a gray light flickered, Shi Wushuang had appeared amongst the group of Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe group.

Tai Yue and the others were stupefied.

However, they had no time to think how Shi Wushuang had dodged their joint attack. All four of them turned and chased after Huang Xiaolong. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Right at this time, people were flying out from various directions. These were the Netherworld King’s Organisation’s Senior Commanders and Junior Commanders hidden in the surroundings earlier.

Tai Yue safely caught Huang Xiaolong’s body.

Everything had happened too fast. The Misty Palace, Fengdu City, and other forces’ experts reacted at this time. Looking at Tai Yue holding Huang Xiaolong’s limp body, there was a complicated expression on their faces.

“Fart of a peerless genius, a shit of the first genius in history! Didn’t he die a little too fast? He died the moment he came out.” The Misty Palace’s female disciple You Fei mocked, turning her head away dramatically.

Other forces’ experts also shook their heads.

As expected, before absolute strength, any peerless genius was useless.

Being hit by Shi Wushuang’s palm, not to mention a mere Heavenly Monarch, even a late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm expert would die like a fish out of water.

Everyone had the same opinion, it was impossible for Huang Xiaolong to still be alive.