Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Listening to You Fei’s words, He Jingyi did not reprimand her this time, but merely sighed inwardly, ‘Truly a pity!’

For a peerless genius to die like this was indeed a great pity, even more pity were the thirty-six holy fruits he had gotten...

If she had such an amazing talent, if she was the one who could have gotten the thirty-six holy fruits... He Jingyi believed a day would come when the Misty Palace would unify Hell’s three worlds!

Although the Misty Palace had always kept a low profile, that did not mean that the Misty Palace was not ambitious. They also had an ambition to rule over Hell.

The moment Tai Yue caught Huang Xiaolong, monstrous corpse qi enveloping Huang Xiaolong rushed towards Tai Yue. It moved so fluidly that Tai Yue was left indefensible against it, and in a split second, his hands were contaminated by the corpse qi, turning a toxic greenish gray. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Tai Yue was alarmed. He quickly circulated his godforce to suppress the corpse qi invading his body, and gradually expelling it out of his body.

In just a few moments, Tai Yue’s back was dampened by cold sweat.

“Master, Master!!”

The four of them called out to Huang Xiaolong tirelessly, trying to wake Huang Xiaolong up.

But Huang Xiaolong’s eyes remained close. His flesh had turned a ghastly greenish gray, and his breathing had weakened rapidly.

Tai Yue and the others were more anxious than the ants on a hot pan. All four of them were aware that Huang Xiaolong had obtained the Lord of Hell’s inheritance, making him the new Lord of Hell. Hence, Huang Xiaolong won’t die so easily. But their confidence was shattered after witnessing the power of Shi Wushuang’s full force attack.

Shi Wushuang was not an average Emperor Realm expert.

From the distance, Shi Wushuang watched his corpse qi corroding Huang Xiaolong’s body, and weakening his vitality; he smiled triumphantly.

“Lord Father, should we grab the divine scepter from his hand right now?” Shi Yinyu cautiously asked Shi Wushuang.

Shi Wushuang smiled and shook his head, reassuring his son, “There is no hurry. Once that kid dies, the divine scepter can only be ours.” He looked at Song Litao and Yi Qing a few steps away, and asked, “Two nephews, you have no objections, right?”

Song Litao’s expression was slightly awkward as he forced a smile and replied, “Of course, of course not.”

Yi Qing nodded in agreement.

Shi Wushuang was very pleased with their answers, thus smiled and reassured them, “Don’t worry, other than that divine scepter, all the top-grade grandmist spiritual pills and low-grade chaos spirit stones will be divided equally between our three parties.”

Song Litao and Yi Qing secretly sighed in relief hearing that. Both smiled and thanked Shi Wushuang, “Many thanks, Senior Wushuang.”

“But, Father, it’s strange. That kid took a full hit from you, but why didn’t his body explode? Also, he is still breathing and has heartbeats!” Shi Yinyu suddenly commented.

Even though Huang Xiaolong’s vitality was seeping away and his heartbeat was extremely weak, close to nonexistent, Huang Xiaolong was still alive.

In truth, Shi Wushuang had noticed this strange point early on. He pondered slightly then said, “At the same instant my palm struck that kid’s chest, I sensed a mysterious power in his body. Moreover, I can feel that his physical body is really strong, so it’s not strange when you take these things into consideration. Then again, he was hit by my full force palm strike. Even for an early Tenth Order Emperor Realm expert, there is only death. He won’t live.”

Shi Wushuang was very confident in the power of his attack.

Or, more accurately, he had always been very confident of his own strength.

Not even Tai Yue’s group could be unscathed if hit by that palm strike when caught off guard.

Shi Wushuang was enjoying himself watching Tai Yue and the others in a panic and grief. After enjoying this scene for a bit, he spoke, “Tai Yue, Jin Yuan, that kid took a hit from my palm, death is certain. If you change your mind about serving him, I can give you another chance. Handover that kid’s corpse, and I will let you leave peacefully.”

Tai Yue and the others glared ferociously at Shi Wushuang hearing that, and a murderous aura swirled violently around them.

Right at this time, when Shi Wushuang and everyone else was certain that Huang Xiaolong was going to breathe his last breath, a strange pounding noise that seemed to come from nature itself, sounded in their ears.

At first, these pounding noises sounded like muffled thunder, but these soon grew louder, as if coming from the sky and the earth at the same time. The entire space was taken over by this pounding noise.

Not only the experts above the Nethersea heard this pounding noise, but every single expert in Hell’s three worlds heard it, and it grew even louder in their ears. The space around them seemed to vibrate with every beat.

People looked up towards Hell’s sky.

“This sounds like a heart beating? Hell has a heartbeat?” One of the Fengdu City’s Ancestors murmured in astonishment.

“What is this? What’s going on here? Why are there heartbeats?!” Another Ancestor was half-shrieking in fluster.

The heartbeat of hell?!

Shi Wushuang thought of something suddenly, and his eyes narrowed looking at Huang Xiaolong. He saw Huang Xiaolong’s chest rise and fall where his heart was like a great sea. Huang Xiaolong’s heart was beating with vigor, and his heartbeat matched the pounding noises and vibration of the entire Hell.

“Could it be...?!” Shi Wushuang’s eyes widened with dread for the first time as if he had just seen a terrifying existence, as he shrieked the words.

Shi Wushuang’s behavior baffled other experts, hence everyone turned their attention towards Huang Xiaolong. At this time, they noticed Huang Xiaolong’s powerful beating heart.

“This, this kid’s, ...his heart’s beating, so fast, and so strong! What’s happening? He isn’t dead yet?! After taking that attack from the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s Patriarch, he’s still not dead?!” A Misty Palace’s Ancestor screamed in bewilderment.

Everyone’s eyes widened like they were watching something unbelievable, and their mouths were agape. However, they still had not thought of what Shi Wushuang had.

After all, that legend was older than most could remember, and many Emperor Realm Ancestors didn’t think of it at the moment.

But Qin Huangzhong obviously reached the same conclusion as Shi Wushuang did, and like Shi Wushuang, he shrieked in dread, “The heart of hell!”

The heart of hell!

This time, the words seemed to contain indescribable power. The four directions went deathly quiet in an instant.

“Th-the heart of hell? His, his heart is the heart of hell?!” A Lifeless Sect’s Ancestor yelled with desperation.

“What is the heart of hell?” Some other Ancestors asked their companions in confusion, not realizing what was going on.

“The heart of hell is Hell’s heart. In the legends, the person who obtains the heart of hell is acknowledged by Hell, and he is our new Master, Hell’s new master.” The same Lifeless Sect’s Ancestor explained, “In other words, he is the Lord of Hell!”

The Lord of Hell!

All the experts above the Nethersea were stunned, dazed, and stupefied.

This Asura noble was their Lord of Hell, the master of all of them?

Then just now, Shi Wushuang, the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s Patriarch had tried to kill the Lord of Hell? Kill their master?

The Misty Palace’s He Jingyi and the female disciple You Fei’s cherry lips were agape in a big ‘O’ shape.

Suddenly, radiant rays of holy light shone from Huang Xiaolong’s body. The corpse qi that enveloped his body was immediately purified by this holy light in the blink of an eye.