Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Others sucked in a breath of cold air watching this.

They had seen how powerful the Heavenly Hall was. It was no exaggeration to say one could rule the four directions with it, making that person invincible. Just one attack from the Heavenly Hall could annihilate a dozen Emperor Realm experts while injuring several hundred Emperor Realm Ancestors. Yet, they saw Shi Wushuang send the Heavenly Hall tumbling back with one sword, and even crack it!

One could imagine how terrifying Shi Wushuang’s sword attack was.

After repelling the Heavenly Hall with one sword slash, Shi Wushuang did not continue attacking. He shifted towards Shi Yinyu and scooped up Shi Yinyu’s godhead like he was embracing it in a flicker. Simultaneously, he slashed at the void with his other hand, opening a hole through space. Shi Wushuang disappeared into the space crack with Shi Yinyu’s godhead in the blink of an eye.

He escaped!

“Netherworld King’s Organisation, I, Shi Wushuang, have jotted down our feud today! I vow I’ll uproot your Netherworld King’s Organisation another day. Punk, just wait for that day!”

Right at this time, the one hundred Undead puppets Netherguards smashed a hole through the void at the same location where Shi Wushuang had disappeared.

R-RR-rumble!

Turbulent energy currents of wind, fire, water, and earth elements roiled, and chaos seeped out, scaring the experts far away.

The people on the outside heard Shi Wushuang’s muffled roar from the void, and then there was complete silence.

Shi Wushuang had successfully escaped with his son Shi Yinyu.

Although Shi Yinyu had lost his physical body, leaving only his king of supreme godhead, it was merely a matter of time to recover. Huang Xiaolong felt sorry seeing Shi Yinyu escape.

But there was nothing he could do about it. Against an existence like Shi Wushuang, who was close to surpassing the Emperor Realm, it was hard to kill him if he was bent on escaping. As long as Huang Xiaolong would break through to the Tenth Order Emperor Realm, he had the confidence to destroy an existence like Shi Wushuang.

Huang Xiaolong retrieved his gaze from the space crack. He did not order the one hundred Undead puppet Netherguards to pursue Shi Wushuang. Instead, his attention fell onto the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe, Massacring Gods Gate, and Howling Moon Wolf Race’s experts left behind.

Due to the temptation of one million and five hundred thousand low-grade chaos spirit stones rewards, the forces that had held the wait-and-see stance had jumped into the hunting group. Although it had been less than half an hour, thirty to forty Emperor Realm of the triad alliance of Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe, Massacring Gods Gate, and Howling Moon Wolf Race’s Emperor Realm had fallen.

Not to mention the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s morale had dropped severely after Shi Wushuang had fled.

Huang Xiaolong glanced at the current battlefield and set his target on Peng Zhengfei and Yi Qing. Since Shi Yinyu had fled, he needed to keep these two trapped.

Then again, there was no chance these two could escape.

A trace of coldness glimmered in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

Coincidentally, Peng Zhengfei looked up and met with Huang Xiaolong’s burning gaze, and paled instantly. It was already obvious in everyone’s eyes that Huang Xiaolong controlled the Heavenly Hall.

First was Song Litao, and then it was Shi Yinyu. Was it his turn now? Just as this thought crossed Peng Zhengfei’s mind, the Heavenly Hall made a straight line for him.

Golden holy light continued to surge out from the Heavenly Hall. The crack made by Shi Wushuang’s Archdevil Bone Sword had mended itself at a rate visible to the naked eye. Barely a moment had passed, but there was merely a faint scratch on the wall.

“Young Lord, run quickly!” One of the Ancestors by Peng Zhengfei’s side shouted urgently when he saw the Heavenly Hall coming at them.

Peng Zhengfei let out a bellow as his body exploded, and several hundred Peng Zhengfei appeared.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes narrowed, seeing this.

“Thousand Avatar Incarnation?”

The Thousand Avatar Incarnations was an ancient divine art. After practicing this technique, a person could create thousands of avatars, and each avatar possessed vitality despite their lack of attack power. However, this technique was a useful technique for escaping—merely one of these avatars needed to escape for the true body to escape.

But it seemed like Peng Zhengfei had yet to reach perfection in the technique for he had managed to condense only hundreds of avatars.

Huang Xiaolong sneered mockingly.

Want to run? Had Peng Zhengfei broken through to the late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm and cultivated the technique to perfection, he might have had a chance of escaping...

Now, die!

In the next second, the Heavenly Hall was right above the several hundred of Peng Zhengfei’s avatars.

The Heavenly Hall’s golden hexagon rune pillar emerged once again. Golden light flooded out like a galactic river, submerging Peng Zhengfei’s several hundred avatars in one go. Even Peng Zhengfei’s several Ancestor bodyguards were swept away, and so was the Howling Moon Wolf Race’s Young Lord Yi Qing.

After all, the Howling Moon Wolf Race’s Young Lord Yi Qing had been standing close to Peng Zhengfei the entire time.

“Young Lord!!”

The Howling Moon Wolf Race’s experts exclaimed in shock and anger, seeing this.

The golden light first purified Peng Zhengfei’s several hundred avatars, the several Ancestor bodyguards, and lastly, the Howling Moon Wolf Race’s Young Lord Yi Qing.

Two godheads appeared before Huang Xiaolong and the others’ eyes.

These two godheads naturally belonged to Peng Zhengfei and Yi Qing—one was a gray godhead, and the other one was yellow. Both exuded shocking auras of the supreme godheads. Inextinguishable runes on the godheads’ surfaces glistened, covering both godheads almost entirely, but there were still some gaps between the runes.

Huang Xiaolong was slightly disappointed, looking at the two godheads. Though both were supreme godheads, they were not the king of supreme godheads he desired, and these two godheads probably ranked outside of the top ten, like the Fiend God Emperor Palace’s Wang Yongsen. Yi Qing’s godhead ranked lower still, perhaps in the top thirty.

Soon, the Heavenly Hall’s golden light energy broke through the inextinguishable runes’ protective barrier of both godheads. With a last cry, their souls were eliminated.

Huang Xiaolong grabbed the two godheads from across space. His Archdevil Supreme Godhead’s devouring power absorbed the godforce and chaos law from these two godheads entirely.

This sight broke the hearts of the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe and Howling Moon Wolf Race’s experts, but they were gripped with fear even more so.

Especially experts of the Howling Moon Wolf Race. All of them rushed up to Huang Xiaolong in a fury, wanting to tear him into pieces. Still, before they could come close to Huang Xiaolong, all of them were eliminated by the City of Eternity that was controlled by the one hundred Undead puppets Netherguards.

After Shi Wushuang had made his escape, these Undead puppets Netherguards joined in the hunt for Emperor Realm experts with the City of Eternity.

Under the City of Eternity’s attacks, the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s Ancestors were dying rapidly. One after another, Massacring Gods Gate and Howling Moon Wolf Race’s Ancestors exploded to their deaths.

No one could block the City of Eternity’s attack.

When Shi Wushuang was still around earlier, the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe could still withstand for some time, but now, they were being killed off consecutively. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

With one hundred Undead puppets Netherguards driving the City of Eternity and the fourteen Radiance Angels manipulating the Heavenly Hall, the triad alliance was trampled. The few surviving Ancestors were desperately trying to flee for life.

However, not long after these Ancestors made their escape, coming right for them would be the City of Eternity or the Heavenly Hall.