Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Xiaolong did not panic as he looked at the black arrow flying towards him. Suddenly, lightning shot out from the middle of his eyebrows, as a large chaos lightning pool appeared.

The moment it appeared, the world seemed to lose its color.

The boundless light rolled about like a massive wave in the sky as it shattered space. It flickered brilliantly, causing the entire Heaven Resentment Continent to witness its might.

That was precisely the second-ranked Chaos Black Tortoise lightning pool!

Above the Chaos Black Tortoise lightning pool, countless lightning bolts came together and formed a large black tortoise. And above the black tortoise, a soaring snake faced the sky and roared like a dragon.

The black arrow clashed against the Chaos Black Tortoise lightning pool, and it managed to split the black tortoise apart before shooting through the sea of lighting.

Peng!

A dull sound that seemed to rip the world apart sounded out. The black arrow penetrated the black tortoise’s body and pierced through time and space as it continued flying towards Huang Xiaolong.

The black tortoise let out a blood-curdling screech as a hole passing through its body appeared.

Huang Xiaolong’s heart shuddered, and his eyes flashed resolutely. A giant object appeared from the space between his eyebrows, and a godhead appeared!

It was a king of the supreme godhead filled with endless darkness, coldness, slaughter, blood, evil qi, and death aura!

It was the Archdevil Supreme Godhead!

Once the Archdevil Supreme Godhead appeared, the endless qi between heaven and earth started to fade away. All the experts in Black Ant City were terrified to discover their vitality fading away.

The terrifying darkness of the Archdevil Supreme Godhead spread outwards at a frightening speed. It enveloped the Black Ant City in an instant before continuing to spread across the Heaven Resentment Continent.

The darkness that originated from the Archdevil Supreme Godhead possessed endless might. Everyone on the Heaven Resentment Continent seemed to have fallen into a dark abyss, and no matter how hard they tried, they weren’t able to escape. Regardless of their divine sense, or the type of divine fire they released, nothing could save them from the eternal darkness.

This darkness swallowed the light and covered everything in its way.

The devil god supreme godhead was like the master of the world. It was the king of the various worlds and the ultimate master of all devils!

“A darkness attributed, king of supreme godhead!” Chu Han, who had launched the arrow, couldn’t help but gasp in surprise as he saw Huang Xiaolong’s godhead.

However, he became overjoyed the next moment.

“Brat, you are simply asking to die!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The moment Huang Xiaolong had separated himself from his godhead, his defense was as good as nil. It was much easier to exterminate the soul in Huang Xiaolong’s godhead.

“Clang!”

The black arrow finally collided with the godhead.

The surroundings of a hundred thousand miles from the godhead trembled. Countless rays of darkness burst out of it, and it seemed as though a giant dark sun had exploded.

Just as the black arrow was about to pierce through the godhead, a huge conch flew out from Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead, and silver light that resembled moonlight poured out from it.

“This... could this be the Ancient Heavenly Emperor’s Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell!?” Chu Han said in shock.

The Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell was a mid-grade grandmist spiritual tool that was able to guard against soul attacks!

Damn it! How can this kid have the Ancient Heavenly Emperor’s Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell?!

Chu Han’s face was hideous, but he recovered instantly. He raised the black bow in his hand and pulled the bowstring taut. The darkness rune engraved on his bow shone, and stands of dark energy began gathering to form a massive black long arrow. Even though the arrow was still strung, the destructive power it contained was more than enough to flatten the entire Heaven Resentment Continent! It was even enough to shoot through the whole Black Ant Plane!

One could imagine the might of a black arrow that could pierce through a supermassive plane surface.

“Die!”

Chu Han finally released his arrow.

The black arrow immediately turned into a black streak of light as it shot towards Huang Xiaolong’s godhead with a momentum that could crush everything in its way.

So what if he has the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell? Even a late-Tenth Order Emperor wouldn’t be able to resist this arrow of his, not to mention a mere mid-Fifth Order Heavenly Monarch!

Just like the previous arrow, this black arrow shot through the black tortoise and flew towards Huang Xiaolong’s devil god supreme godhead and the Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell.

Layers of silver light poured out from the shell.

None of it mattered as Chu Han’s arrow shattered all of them in a single breath as the arrow continued its trajectory towards Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead.

The inextinguishable runes that were on the surface of his Archdevil Supreme Godhead trembled, but it wasn’t enough to stop the destructive might of the black arrow.

The inextinguishable runes that covered and protected the godhead were shattered instantly.

Chu Han revealed a face full of joy, but his expression froze when he realized that there was another layer of runes!

This!

However, the second layer of inextinguishable runes was also quickly destroyed by the force of the arrow. Chu Han’s expression became extremely interesting to watch when he realized that there was a third layer of inextinguishable runes!

The third layer!

Even though it took a long time to describe, everything happened in an instant.

Just as the fourth layer of the inextinguishable runes were starting to surface after the third layer showed signs of shattering, Huang Xiaolong’s figure flashed, and he disappeared. Following this, his Archdevil Supreme Godhead, Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, and the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin disappeared simultaneously.

Without the restriction of the Archdevil god supreme, the third arrow shot towards Black Ant City.

Black Ant City collapsed at an astonishing speed, and the entire Heaven Resentment Continent was on the verge of collapse. The black arrow shot through the continent as it emerged from the other side!

At practically the same moment that Huang Xiaolong and the Archdevil Supreme Godhead disappeared, Chu Han appeared above the Heavenly Hall.

“Brat, don’t think that I won’t be able to kill you if you hide inside the Heavenly Hall...” Chu Han’s cold voice resounded throughout the Heaven Resentment Continent as he raised his bow to release an arrow towards the Heavenly Hall.

He actually had four layers of inextinguishable runes! That was something unprecedented! He had never heard of someone’s godhead being able to contain four layers of inextinguishable runes!

Every single layer was equivalent to a protective talisman, and he actually had four layers!

Chu Han’s mind constantly replayed the shocking scene he had just witnessed.

It further strengthened his desire to kill Huang Xiaolong! Duwei must die here on Black Ant Plane; otherwise, nobody would be able to kill him in the future!

The moment Chu Han released his arrow, the Heavenly Hall shrunk, and countless sacred rays of light condensed to form a beam to meet the black arrow.

Chu Han discovered that the beam was surprisingly able to contend against his arrow. By the time the arrow reached the top of the Heavenly Hall dome, it barely managed to make a small scratch.

At this time, more than a dozen screams sounded out miserably behind Chu Han. He quickly turned around and discovered that Liao Yuan and all the Black Ant Clan’s ancestors were smashed into a rain of blood by the City of Eternity.

......

Two days passed.

The figures of Huang Xiaolong and the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin appeared on a northern part of an inhabited celestial body in the Hell Asura Word.

“Your Majesty, Chu Han, that old dog, shouldn’t have been able to follow us, right?” The Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin scanned everywhere behind him before heaving a sigh of relief. A smile slowly formed on its face.