Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

As Huang Xiaolong refined the holy fruit, the Innumerable Buddha Supreme Godhead inside Huang Xiaolong’s body exuded a resplendent golden light.

In a blink of an eye, half a year had passed.

Finally, Huang Xiaolong had completely refined the holy fruit, and he hadn’t even left behind its skin.

With Huang Xiaolong’s refining speed, he could refine one hundred high-grade grandmist spiritual pills a night. But now, he took more than half a year to refine a single holy fruit! One could only begin to imagine the colossal amount of energy contained in it.

Even though Huang Xiaolong hadn’t reached the pinnacle of the mid-Fifth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm in half a year, he was infinitely close to it.

Huang Xiaolong then took out a second holy fruit.

Every time he finished refining one holy fruit, another one would appear in his palm.

Time passed, and six years passed unknowingly.

Huang Xiaolong sat atop the altar, and his body emitted brilliant golden rays. Behind him, eight pairs of bright wings opened up, and it was as if he was the king of the Radiance World.

After six years of refinement, he had refined twenty holy fruit.

This holy fruit was indeed worthy of being on the same level as the Grandmist Fruit. The radiance energy was even stronger than Huang Xiaolong had imagined.

His strength had increased to a frightening degree after six years of seclusion—it had risen from the mid-Fifth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm to the pinnacle of the mid-Fifth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. He had already broken through to the early-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm! Moreover, he was very near to reaching the peak of the early-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm!

The results of his cultivation had far exceeded Huang Xiaolong’s original expectations. He had felt that it would be almost impossible for him to break through to the mid-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm with just these thirty-six holy fruit. However, he had already arrived at the peak of the early-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm after refining twenty of them...

"Twenty-one." Huang Xiaolong looked at the golden fruit in front of him with a fire burning in his eyes.

He was looking forward to what his strength would become once he refined all thirty-six holy fruit.

A few months later.

Twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four...

Four more years passed...

Huang Xiaolong took out his last holy fruit.

When he had finished refining the thirty-fifth fruit, he had already reached the peak of the mid-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. He was only half a step away from breaking through to the late-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

Moreover, the sixteen wings behind his back were dazzling even more, as their radiance seals shone brightly.

Looking at the last holy fruit in his hand, Huang Xiaolong heaved out a long sigh.

Even though the holy fruit looked similar to the other thirty-five fruits he had just refined, Huang Xiaolong could feel something different about this particular fruit in his hand. It seemed to contain the world’s energy and a type of profound radiance law.

Huang Xiaolong slowly circulated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium.

Immediately, strands of world energy and profound radiance law started pouring out from within the holy fruit.

At first, there were only a few strands of world energy and hints of the profound radiance law. Gradually, more and more strands appeared, and it formed a cascade.

The cascade continually rushed forth, and the golden rays shone on it.

Radiance seals started flying out from the altar one by one.

The radiance seals seemed to originate from Ancient Radiance Emperors. These seals carried along with them the strands of world energy and profound radiance law from the holy fruit as they drilled into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

The godforce inside Huang Xiaolong’s body surged, and the sixteen wings behind his back became even brighter. Radiance spirits were born continuously from the light surrounding his wings.

The fourteen Radiance Angels who guarded the altar were shocked.

What was going on? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was the first time they had seen anything like this. Their old master had never spoken to them about anything related to the scene they were witnessing.

However, their old master had used some unique methods to seal some secret in the altar from the looks of things. The seals had probably awakened when the radiance energy reached a certain level.

Two years eventually passed, and Huang Xiaolong refined the final holy fruit.

When the last holy fruit disappeared, the altar suddenly flashed with blinding light. The radiance seals vanished in an instant.

The heavens and earth regained their color.

Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes slowly, and his heart was full of joy.

After refining the last holy fruit, and with the help of the radiance seals, he was finally able to break through to the late-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm!

High-level Heavenly Monarch!

He was only a step from reaching the Seventh Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. The high-level Heavenly Monarch Realm wasn’t as far away as he had thought it was.

Huang Xiaolong estimated that he only had ten years left before the Battle of the Heavenly Court. Even though it was difficult for him to break into the Seventh Order Heavenly Monarch Realm before the Battle of the Heavenly Court, it was relatively easy for him to reach the peak of the late-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

I wonder how things are outside... Huang Xiaolong pondered as he stood up.

He had gone into seclusion for twenty years! Even though twenty years was nothing more than a blink of an eye to a Heavenly Monarch, it was forever to Huang Xiaolong.

Ever since ascending to the Divine World, he had never cultivated in seclusion for more than ten years!

Huang Xiaolong took out his summoning signal and looked at the news that Tai Yue and the others had sent him.

To concentrate on refining these thirty-six holy fruits, Huang Xiaolong had closed off his six senses and ignored the summoning signal Tai Yue and the others had sent him.

Huang Xiaolong saw a pile of news sent by Tai Yue and the others. Most of it was about the matters regarding the Netherworld King’s Organization for the past twenty years.

Since his battle with Chu Han twenty years ago, the number of superpowers who wanted to throw their lot in with the Netherworld King’s Organization had increased! In fact, more than a hundred superpowers had joined them in the time Huang Xiaolong had cultivated.

The strength of the Netherworld King’s Organization had already grown to a frightening degree, and they fully deserved the title of the strongest superpower in Hell!

For the past twenty years, even though the Massacring Gods Gate, Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe, and the Howling Moon Wolf Race had not taken the initiative to attack the Netherworld King’s Organization, they had finally completed their alliance!

They had even managed to build a super teleportation array in their headquarters. They could travel around and lend each other assistance promptly if any one of them was attacked.

“Super teleportation array...” Huang Xiaolong frowned.

One needed a legendary boundary space spirit stone to build a teleportation array. The spirit stone was too precious, and it was almost as rare as a high-grade chaos spiritual vein. No one would have thought that the Massacring Gods Gate and the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe possessed one.

However, that wasn’t all bad. After he destroyed the Massacring Gods Gate, it would be much more convenient for him to travel to hell’s three worlds.

Huang Xiaolong’s gaze continued looking at the report, and his eyes landed on the last pieces of news from two months ago.

“We found the whereabouts of Fang Mingyu! He’s in the Spirit World!”

“There might be grandmist aura inside the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s treasury!” Huang Xiaolong was pleasantly surprised.

Not only had he received news about Fang Mingyu, but also the information about the grandmist aura...