Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

“The Nine Yin Plane?” Huang Xiaolong stood up, his brows locked tightly together.

The Nine Yin Plane was where the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s headquarters was located. What was Fang Mingyu doing there?

Feeling baffled, Huang Xiaolong took out his communication talisman and ordered Tai Yue and the others to find out why Fang Mingyu was on the Nine Yin Plane.

Huang Xiaolong and the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin exited the cultivation room.

By this hour, the dusky skies outside signaled the coming nightfall, and the volcanic environment rich with fire spiritual energy made everything in sight seem to glow in ember red.

Huang Xiaolong leaped onto the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin Hao Ren’s back, and both flew out through the volcano’s mouth.

It was time for Huang Xiaolong to leave Death Tomb City.

Before leaving, Huang Xiaolong made a trip to the Death Tomb City’s Netherworld King’s Organisation’s branch.

By this time, the thick scent of blood inside the branch building had already cleared. The Netherworld King’s Organisation and Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s corpses were also taken care of.

As compared to before, the branch’s security had more than doubled.

Netherguards were patrolling the four corners of the branch building.

These Netherguards were transferred from other branches. Their strengths averaged at Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm and above.

Huang Xiaolong met with Zhang Long and Ma Lairui, and exhorted various tasks to both of them. After that, he left the Death Tomb City with the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin and did not dally around.

When leaving the Death Tomb City, Huang Xiaolong did not deliberately conceal his movements. Thus the various forces of Death Tomb City promptly got the news of his departure.

Not long after Huang Xiaolong left the Death Tomb City on the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin, as the Death Tomb City Lord’s Second Young Master, Feng Qi also got first-hand news. His hanging heart returned to his chest, hearing it.

Feng Qi was filled with unease the entire time Huang Xiaolong was cultivating in the Death Volcano. He lived every day in anxiety, afraid that Huang Xiaolong would suddenly think of him and show up on his doorstep to ‘play’ with him. Finally, that ‘demon’ was gone.

“Young Lord, should we send people to investigate Duwei’s whereabouts after leaving Death Tomb City?” The captain guard inquired Feng Qi’s opinion.

But the captain guard had just asked his question when Feng Qi sent him twirling in the air with a hard slap. The captain guard grunted on the floor with a glaring five-fingered palm print on his right cheek. Feng Qi rushed up to the captain guard and stomped his foot on the captain guard’s chest as he cursed, “You, do you want me to die? Do you think that I couldn’t die any earlier, is that it? Telling me to investigate that Duwei; do you have any idea who he is? You’re a pig, aren’t you? You pig brain!”

Feng Qi went amok, stomping and kicking the captain guard as he scolded, and his kicks were all infused with godforce.

The captain guard was soon bashed into a bloody pulp, on the verge of death.

“Come, drag this pig out of here, throw him out of Death Tomb City. He’s forbidden to take one step into Death Tomb City in the future!” Feng Qi roared, his eyes were bloodshot as he stormed out the door.

......

After Huang Xiaolong left the Death Tomb City, he headed west of the Spirits World on the Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin.

The Nine Yin Plane was located in the west region of Spirits World.

The two journeyed nonstop.

Half a year later, Huang Xiaolong stepped out from the Nine Yin Plane’s transmission array.

However, Huang Xiaolong looked completely different; a burly middle-aged man clad in a Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s Grand Elder robe. On his face were faint colorful runes, which added an aura of mystery to him.

Huang Xiaolong had decided to ‘borrow’ the identity of the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s Grand Elder Luo Haoming.

Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s Grand Elder Luo Haoming also had the same cultivation of late-Sixth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. More importantly, Luo Haoming was more or less a loner that rarely associates with other Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s experts. He also did not have any disciples under him, making it more convenient for Huang Xiaolong to move freely.

Of course, Huang Xiaolong had killed the real Luo Haoming when he had stepped out a few days ago. Therefore, Luo Haoming didn’t exist anymore.

Huang Xiaolong swaggered out of the transmission array on a Thunder Bone Tiger mount.

This Thunder Bone Tiger was Luo Haoming’s mount, but it was now under Huang Xiaolong’s control through the grandmist worm.

The Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin could have changed its outer appearance to resemble the Thunder Bone Tiger. However, as a precaution to prevent Shi Wushuang and the others from noticing anything, Huang Xiaolong had decided to use Luo Haoming’s original mount. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin was left to cultivate inside the Heavenly Hall by Huang Xiaolong.

The Scarlet Flame Dark Qilin could only benefit by cultivating inside the Heavenly Hall, with the Heavenly Hall’s holy light tempering its body.

As the Thunder Bone Tiger walked out from the transmission array, Huang Xiaolong determined his bearing and flew towards the Nine Yin Plane’s north side.

During this half a year, Tai Yue had already learned why Fang Mingyu had come to the Nine Yin Plane. It seemed like Fang Mingyu had heard from somewhere about the Fallen Divine Flower on Nine Yin Plane. Thus he had come searching for it.

The Fallen Divine Flower was a rare wonder among Hell’s many blossoms. It was said to have many uses. One of the most popular benefits was the accumulation of everything nefarious and the darkness of hell for 999,999,999 million years before it bloomed. The person who consumed the flower would never fear being corrupted by all evils.

There was also a myth about this flower. It claimed that by consuming the Fallen Divine Flower, one’s godhead would generate a fallen qi that could increase one’s chances of breaking through to Emperor Realm by fifty percent!

“Fifty percent?” Huang Xiaolong shook his head, finding the said myth ludicrous. Fang Mingyu, that guy really doesn’t want to live anymore. He actually dared to come searching for the Fallen Divine Flower on the Nine Yin Plane.

Even taking out the dangers of the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe, just the Night Sea where the Fallen Divine Flower was said to be, was not a place Fang Mingyu, a mere Heavenly Monarch should venture into.

The Night Sea was one of the perilous lands on the Nine Yin Plane, that even high-level Emperor Realm would face the risk of dying inside it. The Fallen Divine Flower was said to be in the depths of the Night Sea.

While Huang Xiaolong pondered this matter, a group of Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s disciples came toward him.

This group of disciples wore the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s elite disciple robe. All of them had the strength of high-level God King Realm.

“Greetings to Grand Elder.” Upon seeing Huang Xiaolong, the group of disciples stopped in the distance and greeted respectfully.

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head. There was no other response other than that, and he left on the Thunder Bone Tiger. Only after Huang Xiaolong was far away, these disciples continue flying onwards.

Along the way, Huang Xiaolong encountered several groups of Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s disciples.

However, the Nine Yin Plane was not entirely dominated by the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe. Other than the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe, there were many other forces’ disciples. There were many big trading houses and super forces’ branches here.

For example, the Immortal Hall, Death God Sect, Black Butterfly Race, and even the Netherworld King’s Organisation also has branches on the Nine Yin Plane. But the Netherworld King’s Organisation branch here had always been managed by a Senior Commander under Lu Kun.

Huang Xiaolong saw the Night Sea half a month later.

The Night Sea, like its name indicated, was a sea of darkness. Here, there was only night and no daylight. The sky around the Night Sea territory was forever black, and the environment was so dark that one could barely see their own five fingers. Even their divine sight would be hindered here.

There was a city in the Night Sea called Nightless City.

The Nightless City was similar to the Death Tomb City, being one of ten Spirits World’s top cities. According to the information from Tai Yue, Fang Mingyu was at Nightless City. Therefore, Huang Xiaolong came to look for Fang Mingyu first.

As for the grandmist aura within the Nine Yin Giant Corpse Tribe’s treasury, he would have to wait for an opportunity. It couldn’t be rushed.