Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Even after ten days and nights, Huang Xiaolong had yet to subdue the first beast!

If not for the Heart of Hell, providing him with endless darkness energy, the beast’s body’s tyrannical energy would have devoured Huang Xiaolong. His three king of supreme godheads would be useless against the beast’s fearsome strength!

He was able to persevere for such a long time because the chains were holding the beasts back, and the runes of the Heavenly Hall were suppressing them simultaneously.

Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath and increased the speed at which he circulated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. As grandmist energy surged into the beast’s body, the grandmist worm managed to break through its defenses layer by layer.

Just like that, one entire month passed.

As a soft tearing sound entered his ears, an expression of joy filled Huang Xiaolong’s face. The grandmist worm had finally torn through the mental defenses of the beast!

After breaking through the beast’s godhead’s final mental barrier, it started fusing with its divine soul.

As the fusion process began, the beasts roared and thrashed about, seemingly trying to shake Huang Xiaolong off.

When Huang Xiaolong touched his forehead, it was filled with beads of cold sweat.

He was finally about to subdue the first of the four beasts!

However, there was another problem once he managed to subdue them. The chains restraining them weren’t made from ordinary chaos metal. He was afraid that even ordinary grandmist artifacts would be unable to smash the chains apart. After solving the problem with the chains, came the problem with the runes carved on it. The runes that were able to suppress the godforce and willpower of an existence at the peak of the late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm wasn’t something he could deal with as he liked.

Huang Xiaolong thought about it for a moment and decided to bring out the City of Eternity once again. He wanted to use all of its might to smash against the chains.

At the moment of impact, the runes released blinding light that illuminated the entire palace. Even the space outside the palace turned as bright as day.

Of course, the chains and runes inscribed on it didn’t break after a single bombardment from the City of Eternity.

Once again, the City of Eternity launched itself at it.

The sound of rattling chains echoed through the air non-stop.

After tens of times, the sound of shattering could finally be heard. The chains snapped, and the runes on it dimmed.

With a wave of the beast’s thick arm, it tore the chains off the pillars. As its body shook, the chains that had bound it for an eternity turned into dust.

He walked towards Huang Xiaolong and greeted in a deep voice, “Master.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head, and a trace of a smile appeared on his face.

Even though the number of experts around him was as many as the clouds in the sky, and he didn’t lack in Emperor Realm followers, adding another subordinate at the peak of the late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm wouldn’t hurt.

After Huang Xiaolong accepted the beast’s greeting, he looked at the second beast.

Stabilizing his breathing, Huang Xiaolong repeated his actions as he circulated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium.

Despite the experience of subduing the first beast, Huang Xiaolong needed another month to control the second beast fully. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

After four months, Huang Xiaolong managed to subdue all four beasts!

As he heaved a sigh of relief, he slumped to the ground without caring for his image. He was just too d*mn tired!

After taking out a grandmist spiritual pill, Huang Xiaolong swallowed it without the slightest hesitation. When he felt the effects of the spiritual pill, he finally felt a little better.

When he finally regained his godforce, Huang Xiaolong stood up and looked all around. Stopping to think about some matters, he finally decided to head to the gate located in the main hall.

Sending the four odd beasts to guard the palace, he entered the gate alone.

The moment he stepped through the gate, endless darkness assaulted Huang Xiaolong.

The boundless dark space contained the energy of darkness as it tried to corrode Huang Xiaolong’s body.

It was his second time stepping into the inner palace.

When he had first entered the hall, he was at the late stages of the Heavenly God Realm. Right now, he was at the late stages of the Heavenly Monarch Realm! In the past, it was difficult for him even to raise his feet! Right now, he could walk however he liked. Huang Xiaolong didn’t even need to circulate his other godheads’ energy to withstand the darkness energy’s suppression and corrosive energy.

As the boundless darkness energy slammed against Huang Xiaolong’s True Dragon Physique, they were comparable to waves crashing against a rock. Huang Xiaolong didn’t feel the slightest discomfort.

In the past, the corrosive energy would have already corroded Huang Xiaolong’s True Dragon Physique, and he would feel as though he was treading through living hell. Looking at him now, it seemed as though nothing was stopping him.

There was no need to mention the fact that Huang Xiaolong had already received the king of hell’s inheritance and was immune to darkness energy. Just his True Dragon Physique alone and the three celestial demonic physiques were enough to defend himself. Looking through the myriad of worlds, there were truly too few things that could harm his True Dragon Physique.

Huang Xiaolong continued onwards.

As he advanced, Huang Xiaolong didn’t forget to absorb the darkness spiritual energy all around him.

Before long, he heard the sound of running water. After he checked, he realized that the galaxy river was still there!

Walking towards the galaxy river, Huang Xiaolong’s three king of supreme godheads started to move simultaneously. He used all his strength to smash his palm against the surface of the river.

Even though Huang Xiaolong was already the king of hell, the river that could produce Chaos Stellar Sand was still a priceless treasure to him!

The Chaos Stellar Sand was way better than the Star Sand in the Nine Yin Treasury. Even though they were both Stellar Sands, the quality of both was different.

Huang Xiaolong used all his might to lift the galaxy river, and after exhausting all his strength, he finally managed to raise the overwhelmingly massive galaxy river.

With Huang Xiaolong’s current strength, he could smash a chaos city his single fist. One could only imagine the weight of the galaxy river in Huang Xiaolong’s hand. It was horrifyingly heavy.

After several minutes, Huang Xiaolong finally managed to raise the river to mid-air. With efforts that tested his limits, he managed to throw the entire river into the City of Eternity.

The surface of the City of Eternity shook when the river landed on it.

Huang Xiaolong decided to refine the galaxy river beneath the City of Eternity. The Chaos Stellar Sand would raise the power of the City of Eternity anyway. With the continuous production of the Chaos Stellar Sand, the might of the City of Eternity would rise nonstop.

After he stopped for a moment, Huang Xiaolong continued on his journey.

He took a break around the galaxy river because he wanted to see if there were any valuables in the depths of the inner palace.

Huang Xiaolong strolled, and after walking for half an hour, he finally arrived at the entrance of a massive palace. The palace was completely black, and the darkness was enough to cause one’s heart to palpitate. It exuded a bone-chilling qi, and even with Huang Xiaolong’s Heart of Hell, he could feel the drop in temperature. The closer he approached, the clearer was the feeling.

When he arrived a hundred meters before the palace, he felt as though he was standing naked in an ice hole.

The palace’s interior was pitch-black, and it seemed as though the darkness all around originated from the palace itself.

“King of Darkness.”

There were three ancient words carved above the palace, written in the language of Hell.

King of Darkness!

A formless pressure came from the three words, and the title itself seemed to challenge the heavens!

Looking at the words, Huang Xiaolong felt a tremor run through his heart.

Could it be that this was the palace of the Archdevil Master? Was his title the King of Darkness?

His master was the King of Grandmist, and the Archdevil Master was called the King of Darkness!

It was no wonder the little cow had once said that the Archdevil Master, the King of Grandmist, Ancient Heavenly Emperor, Archdevil Lord, and the King of Hell were all experts of the same standing.

Before he could react, Huang Xiaolong’s Heart of Hell seemed to have felt something in the palace as it started to move on its own.