Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

This!

Huang Xiaolong stared at the Heart of Hell beating in his chest, and it was emitting a faint black radiance. The black radiance seemed to possess some sort of complex light, and it looked exceptionally resplendent.

Huang Xiaolong turned his gaze to the palace before him. What in the world made his Heart of Hell react to such an extent?!

However, as he raised his foot to step into the hall, an overwhelming strength blasted against him, and Huang Xiaolong reeled in shock. His three king of supreme godheads started to tremble, but no matter how hard he tried, he was pushed backward by the invisible wall before him. It wasn’t a simple retreat either. Before he knew it, he was forced hundreds of meters back!

At the same time, a sinister and cold qi invaded his body.

Huang Xiaolong was shocked to find out that even with his True Dragon Physique, and the three celestial demonic physiques’ assistance, he could not block the cold qi from entering his body!

In an instant, Huang Xiaolong felt his body freezing up from his toes to his head. Even his eyebrows and nostrils showed signs of turning into ice. Huang Xiaolong seemed to turn into a black-colored ice sculpture.

Even the blood in his body was frozen solid. The three king of supreme godheads froze, and they nearly stopped moving altogether.

What in the world...?

Huang Xiaolong was overwhelmed with terror for the first time in a long time. As the Heart of Hell finally started to beat, blacklight rays forced the sinister qi out of his body. The feeling of being frozen slowly subsided, and Huang Xiaolong’s body finally started to warm itself up.

Even his godheads and divine sense started to move.

Even though he was finally out of the woods, Huang Xiaolong felt cold sweat covering his back. He felt as though he was pulled back from the brink of death.

That was the first time he ever felt so close to death after obtaining the King of Hell’s inheritance.

He looked at the palace belonging to the King of Darkness before him, and the lingering fear in his heart didn’t disappear. He was unable to catch the slightest hint of the restrictions placed on the palace! He had never thought that the restrictions would be strong enough to threaten him, and they proved him wrong!

If not for the Heart of Hell, he had no idea how things would have turned out.

After he thought for a second, Huang Xiaolong decided to bring out the Heavenly Hall as well.

The Heavenly Hall possessed the power to suppress darkness and everything sinister. He felt as though the effects of using the Heavenly Hall to attack the palace’s restrictions would be a much better choice.

As the Heavenly Hall appeared in the space before the King of Darkness’ palace, Huang Xiaolong ordered the fourteen Radiance Angels to activate the Heavenly Hall’s main formation fully.

In an instant, brilliant rays of white light filled the space before him as it charged toward the palace.

In an instant, the light appeared, waves of darkness energy surged out of the King of Darkness’ palace, and they possessed tyrannical might. They fused to form pillars of darkness as they blocked the advancement of the radiance energy.

This!

Huang Xiaolong could see that the pillars of darkness started to rotate as they rose towards the sky. They managed to suppress the radiance energy inch by inch as they grew stronger.

Huang Xiaolong swallowed a mouthful of saliva in shock.

How could something like this happen?!

Even the main formation of the Heavenly Hall operated by fourteen Radiance Angels was unable to suppress the darkness energy coming from the hall!

Seeing as the pillars of darkness were pushing towards him, Huang Xiaolong waved his hand and retrieved the Heavenly Hall.

Luckily for him, the pillars of darkness returned to the palace as soon as the Heavenly Hall disappeared.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes flickered, and he decided on another tactic. He took out the City of Eternity along with the Heavenly Hall as he smashed both of them toward the palace at the same time.

Just like before, the pillars of darkness appeared once again and blocked the bombardment of both treasures. The only difference was that the pillars were no longer able to push their way toward Huang Xiaolong.

However, the City of Eternity and Heavenly Hall were not strong enough to destroy the pillars of darkness.

Everyone was stuck in a stalemate.

After several tens of minutes had passed, Huang Xiaolong relented and kept both the City of Eternity and the Heavenly Hall away.

Uncontent, Huang Xiaolong wanted to try several other methods. No matter what he did, he could not break the restrictions on the King of Darkness’ palace. After several days, Huang Xiaolong could do nothing but leave the inner hall.

It seemed as though he could only try again when he became stronger.

When he left, Huang Xiaolong asked the four odd beasts, but they were clueless about the inner hall.

Moreover, they didn’t know much about the Archdevil Master. It was as though their memories had been wiped clean.

Huang Xiaolong searched through their minds, and it seemed as though that was really the case.

With suspicion in his heart, Huang Xiaolong brought the four odd beasts back to the surface.

Standing in the space above the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield, he looked at the hole in the ground where the Demonic Ghost Pool was. He hesitated for a moment before sending out the fourteen Radiance Angels to lay down a massive formation around it.

After he was done, Huang Xiaolong soared through the air with the four odd beasts around him.

There were only seven months left for the commencement of the Battle of the Heavenly Court. Huang Xiaolong had to join the members participating in the battle when he returned to the Fortune Emperor Palace.

If they went according to the plan, the Fortune Emperor Palace would travel towards the battle venue half a year before the event. After all, they needed to travel quite a distance before they could get there.

After he left the mountain valley, Huang Xiaolong brought out the Black Dragon Throne and activated the formation on it. In an instant, he turned into a streak of black light as he disappeared from the space above the Extraterritorial Devil Battlefield.

The four odd beasts followed closely behind him.

By the time they were soaring through the air, the four odd beasts had already concealed their auras and shrunk their bodies. They were merely two meters in height, and even though they had weird appearances, they wouldn’t attract too much attention.

After all, the Divine World was huge, and there were members of countless races present.

They didn’t stop anywhere else for a long time, and when Huang Xiaolong passed through the Myriad World, he merely stopped for a few minutes before going on his way.

On the tenth day, Huang Xiaolong arrived at the celestial body that housed the Fortune Emperor Palace.

After one more day, Huang Xiaolong entered the Brimming Snow World. Looking at the world surface, Huang Xiaolong recalled the Great Desolate Formation, the little cow had mentioned in the past. There were countless treasures left behind by the successive Great Desolate Emperors.

After stopping for a moment, Huang Xiaolong decided to make a pitstop at the Brimming Snow World. Since it was on the way, he couldn’t hold back his curiosity to take a look at the treasures.

Since it was already getting late, Huang Xiaolong decided to stay the night. He recalled that the Silver Fox Commerce had given him a residence in the Brimming Snow City, and he felt that he had not been there in years. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

As soon as he arrived on the Brimming Snow Continent, Huang Xiaolong looked at the familiar snow falling from the sky. He reached out and allowed the snowflakes to land on his hand as he felt the chilly sensation spreading across his palm.

Before long, Huang Xiaolong and the four odd beasts appeared in Brimming Snow City.

As soon as they entered, Huang Xiaolong strode down the street.

“I heard that the Fortune Emperor Palace’s master, Fang Gan, is currently missing...”

“Even someone like Fang Gan can go missing?! Several tens of Emperor Realm experts have gone missing in these few years. It’s a worrying matter.”

The discussion of several disciples entered Huang Xiaolong’s ears.

His expression changed immediately. Fang Gan is missing?!

There were several tens of Emperor Realm experts missing as well?!

Tens of Emperors disappearing wasn’t a small matter! The Battle of the Heavenly Court was coming up soon, and something like that had to happen!

Huang Xiaolong’s body flashed as he appeared in the path of those disciples.