Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

As nefarious qi continued to condense these fiend figures, Feng Chu’s strength rose to another level.

When these fiends reached a thousand in number, Feng Chu’s momentum doubled!

One thousand fiends formed behind Feng Chu and built a huge Chaos Fiend Grand Formation. When this Chaos Fiend Grand Formation was completed, Feng Chu’s nefarious qi began to evolve, becoming denser, and it almost solidified.

The fiends’ nefarious qi body became even more real, solid, and more powerful.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes narrowed, watching Feng Chu’s strength rise to another level. It looked like this was Feng Chu’s last trump card up his sleeve, and Feng Chu was prepared to die this time!

This was probably some kind of taboo chaos grade technique. After performing it, Feng Chu’s strength was bound to explode for a certain period. On the other hand, there were dire repercussions for using this technique once the effects were worn off.

A strange light glimmered in Lan Zhi’s eyes as Feng Chu was really going all out. He had even executed some kind of chaos taboo technique to increase his strength, and there was apparent hesitation. He, too, knew of a chaos taboo method that could temporarily raise his strength to another level. However, after using that method, he wouldn’t recover the damage it caused to his body in several hundred years. It could even take him several thousand years to recover.

Not to mention, it would also affect his future breakthrough to the realm above Emperor Realm. Who knew, the consequences might even cause him to lose the chance of surpassing the Emperor Realm altogether, losing the chance to become a peerless existence.

Roar!

Nefarious qi continued to flood out from Feng Chu’s body more intensely, and it turned dark green. In a flicker, Feng Chu arrived in front of Huang Xiaolong. His ten sharp, pointed fingernails slashed down on Huang Xiaolong. Simultaneously, the one thousand fiends around him shot out to attack the two fourteen-winged Radiance Angels.

This group of fiends formed a big fiend-ring that closed in on two fourteen-winged Radiance Angels like a cage, leaving no path of retreat.

Feng Chu knew very well that these one thousand fiends wouldn’t hold back the two fourteen-winged Radiance Angels, but to as long as they could delay them for even a second, it was enough for him to kill Huang Xiaolong!

Looking at Feng Chu descending on him from above, Huang Xiaolong remained unperturbed; neither did he dodge the attack. The Black Dragon Divine Armor emerged in front of him, the Black Dragon Throne below him, and as Huang Xiaolong’s hand reached out, the Black Dragon Cold Jade Bracelet emitted bright rays of black light.

The Desolate Era’s Black Dragon Clan’s famous three treasures were simultaneously activated, generating thousands and thousands of black dragon souls.

Resounding dragon roars reached the nine heavens.

The waves of black dragon souls rushed up to Feng Chu.

Simultaneously, the Radiance Divine Scepter appeared in Huang Xiaolong’s hand. His Innumerable Buddha Supreme Godhead’s godforce flooded into the Radiance Divine Scepter. Instantly, the crescent moon-shaped gem on top of the scepter released a myriad of dazzling lights as if a bright giant hole to another world had opened in the void. A waterfall of radiant energy rushed down from the hole.

The Radiance Divine Scepter erupted a powerful radiant energy that could shake eternity.

Vast and vigorous radiance runes formed a massive radiance formation, following right behind the waves of black dragon souls, shooting straight towards Feng Chu.

Huang Xiaolong did not expect the radiance formation and thousands of black dragon souls to block Feng Chu’s attack. However, it was enough to delay Feng Chu’s attack slightly.

Just like what Huang Xiaolong had expected, against the thousands of black dragon souls and radiance formation, Feng Chu’s attack was delayed for a split second.

Right at this time, the Heavenly Hall appeared right above Huang Xiaolong’s head.

The golden hexagon light pillar appeared again.

Boundless radiant energy shot down straight at Feng Chu.

Feng Chu was startled and had to give up on his attack on Huang Xiaolong for the moment. His body twisted to dodge the attack.

Even after executing a chaos taboo method, Feng Chu did not dare to go head to head against the Heavenly Hall’s golden hexagon light pillar.

When Feng Chu dodged the Heavenly Hall’s attack, the two fourteen-winged Radiance Angels broke through the one thousand fiends’ encirclement.

...... 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A little over an hour later, a figure crashed heavily into the Fiend King Star.

The entire Fiend King Star shook, and the Fiend God Emperor Palace’s buildings inside the Fiend King Star crumbled and collapsed. Numerous formations were broken. Amidst tragic screams, countless Fiend God Emperor Palace’s disciples, Elders, and even Hall Masters flew out from the Fiend King Star in a panic.

The figure that had crashed into the Fiend King Star was none other than Feng Chu!

Although Feng Chu had executed a chaos taboo method, it was nothing but a pipe dream to think it was enough to kill Huang Xiaolong. Huang Xiaolong had the City of Eternity, the Heavenly Hall, Radiance Divine Scepter, the Black Dragon Clan’s three treasures, and four chaos lightning pools. Not to mention, he also had the Yellow Springs Magic Robe, the Netherking’s Jade, Moon Jade Heavenly Spiral Shell, and various other experts’ treasures. Despite being only a Heavenly Monarch, there were less than a handful of people that could kill Huang Xiaolong at this point.

Don’t forget, Huang Xiaolong still had the heart of hell!

Even the Massacring Gods Sect’s Old Ancestor, who was said to have surpassed the Emperor Realm, was incapable of killing Huang Xiaolong. Then what’s more Feng Chu?

More than an hour had passed since Feng Chu had executed the chaos taboo method. By this time, his blood and qi had been greatly damaged and significantly weakened. Now, he was weaker than ever and was sent crashing into the Fiend King Star by the two fourteen-winged Radiance Angels.

The Fiend King battling the two odd beasts was also smashed until he couldn’t merge back together.

By this time, the City of Eternity had destroyed more than three to four hundred planets that were part of the Grand Fiend God Formation. The awe-inspiring malevolent giant arms condensed of nefarious qi now looked weak and feeble.

Fiend God Emperor Palace’s disciples were fleeing out of the Fiend King Star for their lives after Feng Chu had smashed into the Fiend King Star. However, beneath the Fiend King Star ruins, Feng Chu’s body suddenly glowed dark green and turned into a streak of dark green light, shooting into one of the Grand Fiend God Formation’s giant arms.

Huang Xiaolong was caught off guard for a second. He swiftly used his Eye of Hell to check; however, he could not detect Feng Chu’s presence at all. Feng Chu had fully concealed himself within the Grand Fiend God Formation.

Huang Xiaolong furrowed deeply.

One hour earlier, seeing the hopeless situation, Brightness Emperor Lan Zhi had escaped by sacrificing his own blood qi regardless of the severe aftereffects.

If Feng Chu also managed to escape, half of Huang Xiaolong’s efforts would be in vain.

Huang Xiaolong immediately ordered the two odd beasts to attack the Grand Fiend God Formation with full force. He told them that they absolutely needed to dig out Feng Chu from the formation.

Then, he had the two fourteen-winged Radiance Angels fly towards the Fiend King Star. He had just captured a Fiend God Emperor Palace’s Ancestor and learned that Fang Gan was being imprisoned inside one of the Fiend King Star’s Fiend God Emperor Palace’s buildings.

Huang Xiaolong’s divine sense spread out, searching for Feng Chu in the surroundings as he hurried to the Fiend King Star.

Earlier, when he had injured the Fiend God Emperor’s Disciple Feng Chan, he was rescued and taken to the Fiend King Star. Feng Chan still had to be hiding inside the Fiend King Star.

An hour earlier, the remaining Brightness Emperor Palace’s Ancestors, Gudu Wuyi, Chen Jianwei, and the rest had executed their secret methods, escaping like Lan Zhi. The remaining Fiend God Emperor Palace’s injured seventy to eighty-something Ancestors, including Liu Yuan and Zhao Wendan, had all scurried back the Fiend King Star.

A while later, Huang Xiaolong crossed the vigorous qi barrier and entered the Fiend King Star with both fourteen-winged Radiance Angels. He flew straight towards the Fiend God Emperor Palace.