Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

“Yes, Your Majesty. The Devil Tower will finally be unsealed, and I’m afraid countless geniuses will rush over to try and ascend it.” Gao Changran reported.

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head.

The Devil Tower had nine floors in total.

Every time one ascended to the next level, the devil qi in their body would get purified a little. The devil qi emitted by the tower was the purest in the entirety of the Devil World, and the benefits of using it to purify one’s devil qi were as clear as day.

When devil cultivators cultivated their devil arts or special skills, the devil qi they took in was more or less impure. However, after the tower’s purification, their combat strength and overall prowess would definitely improve by leaps and bounds.

The higher they managed to climb, the better the effects.

Of course, purer devil qi residing in their body meant that their cultivation speed would increase.

They would only need to put in half the effort to achieve the same results as they once did, and that could only mean that they would experience a rise in their natural talent for cultivation. If someone who had an emperor level godhead wanted to break through to the Emperor Realm, they would possess a ten to twenty percent chance of doing so. However, after the purification by the tower, their chances could rise to thirty percent.

“Devil Tower...” Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself.

He decided to make a trip there the moment it opened. After all, trying wouldn’t hurt, right?

Even though he didn’t cultivate the devil arts, he had the Archdevil Supreme Godhead. If he managed to gain something from the devil tower, there was no way it would be detrimental to him.

“Your Majesty, we also managed to gain some intelligence that there might be some coincidence with the unsealing of the Devil Tower. Many people are discussing that the birth of the Devil Steles is related to the Devil Tower. After all, it might be too much of a coincidence that the two events are overlapping with each other.” Gao Changran said.

“Oh? What do you mean?” Huang Xiaolong felt a small tremor running through his heart.

Why would the opening of the Devil Tower be related to the two Devil Steles?

“Some people are saying that the devil qi from the six great Devil Steles has the same attribute as the devil qi emitted from the Devil Tower. There are even some speculations that the Devil Steles were refined by the Heavenless Archdevil Lord when he arrived at the ninth level in the past.” Gao Changran reported everything he had heard on the streets to Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong sucked in a cold breath in shock.

That wasn’t entirely impossible.

According to the Devil World’s secret records, the Heavenless Archdevil Lord had obtained the six great Devil Steles after some sort of adventure. Could it be that he had obtained it after climbing to the ninth level of the Devil Tower?

“Many people think that they would obtain the two Devil Steles if they manage to replicate the feat of climbing up to the ninth level like the Heavenless Archdevil Lord.” Gao Changran continued, “It’s even possible to gain all the other Devil Steles in one go.”

Huang Xiaolong felt giant waves rising in his heart.

In fact, no one hearing this news could remain calm. Huang Xiaolong was no exception to this.

The six great Devil Steles of the Devil World were related to the Archdevil Lord’s inheritance and position. Everyone would kill to obtain the chance to obtain all the Devil Steles.

A complicated light flashed through Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

Before Gao Changran finished his report, all Huang Xiaolong felt was faint curiosity towards the Devil Tower. The only reason he had wanted to climb the tower was for amusement. Right now, he felt that he had to give it his all if it concerned the Devil Steles.

Ascending the Devil Tower wouldn’t be easy.

The higher they climbed, the harder it would be.

He had heard that ever since the Heavenless Archdevil Lord had climbed up to the ninth level, no one had managed to do it.

Luckily for him, Huang Xiaolong was extremely confident in himself.

That wasn’t because he knew that he had heaven-defying talent. Instead, Huang Xiaolong felt reassured as he had already obtained the Blood Eye Devil Stele out of the six great Devil Steles. Since the Devil Steles had something to do with them ascending the tower, his starting line would already be different from the rest. Moreover, he felt that the Blood Eye Devil Stele would be useful when climbing to the ninth level.

Huang Xiaolong asked about some other matters about the Devil Tower and the auction before sending Gao Changran and the rest to scout for more information.

When Gao Changran and Wang Fanning left, Huang Xiaolong calmed himself down and returned to his state of cultivation.

The two of them returned soon after and reported that the auction would begin the day after.

As for the peak-grade grandmist flying ship, it was called the Tushita Flying Ship, and it had existed since the Desolate Era.

“Tushita Flying Ship...” Huang Xiaolong was stunned.

The Tushita Flying Ship was rumored to be the personal treasure of the leader of the Fire World.

Huang Xiaolong had never thought that such an amazing treasure would appear in the auction in Eternal Devil City.

If that was the case, the number of people who would be fighting for it couldn’t be estimated. The price would definitely pierce through the clouds.

Of course, the thing that Huang Xiaolong didn’t lack was spirit stones. Especially ever since he had robbed the Fiend God Treasury previously...

Huang Xiaolong could only wait silently for the start of the auction.

Along with the announcement of the auction and Devil Tower’s opening, even more experts had surged towards Eternal Devil City. The final bastion of the Devil World was getting more and more lively.

It was fortunate that the city was sufficiently big. Otherwise, there was no way all the experts from all thirty-six cities of the Devil World would be able to fit into Eternal Devil City.

Right before the auction, the Stone Ape Archdevil Ancestor and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor arrived at Eternal Devil City. The commotion they caused wasn’t small.

Ever since the Heavenless Archdevil Lord had disappeared, the twelve Archdevil Ancestors had become the core of the Devil World.

The twelve of them were the spiritual pillars of the Devil World.

They held an unimaginable prestige.

Following the arrival of the two Archdevil Ancestors, many people started to discuss the Six Nether Gate. The topic of conversation was naturally Huang Xiaolong, the black-haired young man who had dared to move against the young masters of both superpowers.

“Wu Jingnan, the young master of the Stone Ape Race, died at the hands of the black-haired young man. Now that the Stone Ape Archdevil Ancestor is here, there will definitely be a good show to watch. The Six Nether Gate will die a miserable death!”

“Didn’t the young master of the Lightning Beast Valley, Zhang Heshan, suffer serious injuries at the hands of the Six Nether Gate the day before yesterday? Now that the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor is here, he won’t stay silent on the matter. With two Archdevil Ancestors making a move, the Six Nether Gate won’t be able to live for long. Gao Changran and that black-haired young man will die without a proper burial ground.”

“That might not be the case. I heard that the black-haired young man’s identity isn’t as simple as it seemed. He might be the personal disciples of one of the old masters in the Devil World. Even the Stone Ape Archdevil Ancestor and Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor are having second thoughts about killing him. I’m afraid they will only mete out punishment and gloss over the matter. Of course, Gao Changran and Wang Fanning’s fate are already sealed. Allowing the black-haired young man to live should be their greatest compromise.”

When Huang Xiaolong heard such discussions on the street, he merely laughed.

Other than the discussion about the Stone Ape Archdevil Ancestor and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor, the three supreme geniuses were the next hottest topic.

Since Xing Yinuo was one of the four great beauties in the Devil World, she was naturally the person who received the most attention out of the three of them. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Nothing about the three supreme geniuses could enter Huang Xiaolong’s sights. When it came to the Devil World, they were indeed the most talented juniors. However, they were nothing compared to the true geniuses in the myriad of worlds. If Huang Xiaolong really wanted to draw a comparison, their talent wasn’t anywhere close to Di Jing’s.

Finally, the day of the auction arrived.