Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

When he was still at the foot of the mountain, or even at the eight thousand nine hundred and ninety-ninth step, Huang Xiaolong had imagined the top of the mountain to be empty. But now that he was standing at the top, there was actually a massive pavilion in front of him!

This!

Huang Xiaolong leaned out his head slightly and looked below, but he could see no changes to the path of stairs he had climbed.

While baffled, Huang Xiaolong’s attention returned to the huge pavilion.

The huge pavilion was shaped like a triangle, and from a distance, it resembled a giant cone-shaped drill. The pavilion’s wall surfaces were engraved with shifting devil runes, like sand blown by the ceaseless wind.

The entrance was located on the lowest floor, spewing out rich devil qi from inside the pavilion.

After determining there was no immediate danger, Huang Xiaolong walked through the entrance and entered the pavilion.

The moment Huang Xiaolong stepped through the pavilion’s entrance, he arrived at a spacious square. At the center of the square was an extensive Devil Race formation. He looked around, but in the end, his attention returned to the formation, and he walked towards it.

Huang Xiaolong arrived at the edge of the formation moments later.

Huang Xiaolong stood silently as he observed the glimmering devilish light flowing throughout the formation’s runes, then he took a step into the formation.

When Huang Xiaolong stepped into the formation, darkness flashed before his eyes. In the next second, he found himself in a devil abyss. Within this abyss, Huang Xiaolong could not see the sky above, the earth under his feet, nor the end and the beginning of this abyss. Abundant strong devilish lights shone into the abyss space. To top it off, these devilish lights were different from the devilish lights that had tempered his body before.

The devilish lights from lower floors had leaned more towards the light, while these boundless devilish lights actually felt viscous, like magma of devilish lights.

Seeing devilish lights rushing towards him from all around like an angry tsunami, Huang Xiaolong’s chest tightened, but he hurriedly circulated godforce from his Archdevil Supreme Godhead. Devil godforce rushed out and formed a protective barrier around him.

However, when these devilish lights reached him, Huang Xiaolong quickly discovered his devil godforce’s protective barrier was superfluous. The light broke through his protective barrier, and devil energy invaded his body before he could break free, and he was drowning within the light.

It was a similar feeling of being washed away and submerged under a landslide. He couldn’t breathe, much less move.

Huang Xiaolong, who was already a Heavenly Monarch Realm expert, wouldn’t have any problem even if he held his breath for an entire year. But now, submerged under the vicious devilish light, Huang Xiaolong genuinely found it difficult to breathe, suffocating as death’s hand reached out and gripped his heart.

At this moment, he was nothing but mortal, a mortal who needed to breathe to survive.

Huang Xiaolong struggled to keep his eyes open, but it proved difficult as the devil energy entered through his eyes. Darkness took over his sight completely, and there was nothing but pitch-black darkness.

As Huang Xiaolong was about to faint from suffocation, he entered an ethereal state. Vaguely, he seemed to hear voices from the deepest part of the devil abyss, yet it also seemed to be the noises of the devilish flowing light enveloping him.

Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead spun rapidly, absorbing the intense influx of devil energy rushing into his body.

It didn’t take long for Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead to become a giant devouring black hole, frenziedly swallowing the devil energy flooding into him.

As robust devil energy continued to fill Huang Xiaolong’s body, and his True Dragon Physique was tempered, reforged, and strengthened over and over.

In Huang Xiaolong’s chest, the heart of hell emitted resplendent black lights, forming layers of light of hell.

Although the light of hell was also blacklight, it was different from the devilish blacklight. The darkness of Hell had a bloodlust quality, a coldness devoid of emotions, while the Devil World’s devilish light resonated with the cruel violence in one’s nature, darkness so black that it held a tinge of dark green.

At one point, the Blood Eye Devil Stele flew out of Huang Xiaolong’s body. It flew in circles around Huang Xiaolong, and its two blood-eyes were wide open, akin to a great malevolent demonic beast that had awakened from slumber in the depths of the devil abyss, emitting bloody red lights.

The great devil swinging an ax on the Yellow Springs Magic Robe awakened and greedily swallowed the devilish lights by the mouthful. The Devil Gourd also greedily swallowed the devilish light into its mouth.

Huang Xiaolong was completely immersed in his ethereal state. If the viscous devilish light suffocated him, now submerged within the devilish light, it gave him a sense of freedom, a secured and comfortable feeling.

The month went by in the blink of an eye.

At first, Huang Xiaolong’s figure couldn’t be seen within the devilish black light in the dark abyss, but as the days trickled away, a spot of light shone where Huang Xiaolong was situated.

This small light shone through the dense darkness, spreading outwards.

As time passed, the devil energy gathered around Huang Xiaolong increased. From a bird’s view, Huang Xiaolong was the gigantic sun that had fallen into the devil abyss.

Strange noises came from where Huang Xiaolong was, echoing throughout the vast devil abyss. These strange noises were the beating of the heart of hell.

With every beat of the heart of hell, devil energy rushed towards Huang Xiaolong even more frenziedly.

Huang Xiaolong’s late-Eighth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm rose to peak late-Eighth Order and continued to rise at a shocking speed.

Finally, at one point, crackling noises sounded, and a quiver ran down Huang Xiaolong’s body. The light enshrouding him intensified, scattering the influx of devil energy as he broke through!

Ninth Order Heavenly Monarch!

After advancing to the Ninth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, the amount of devil energy flooding into Huang Xiaolong’s body significantly increased.

Another dozen days passed before the roiling devil energy in the devil abyss finally stopped. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes opened as he awakened. The moment he opened his eyes, two rays of devilish lights shot out of them, tearing through space over a million li, and only disappeared a long time later.

The first thing Huang Xiaolong did was to check his body’s condition.

A large amount of devil energy’s influx had cast his peerless devil physique. This kind of physique was not one of the unique three thousand physiques. However, this Ascending Devil Physique was ten thousand times stronger than many unique physiques, and it was almost at par with his True Dragon Physique.

Every person who successfully reached the top of the Devil Tower’s ninth floor could obtain this Ascending Devil Physique, and Heavenless Archdevil Lord had also obtained it.

The Devil Tower was the Devil World’s precious innate treasure born from the Devil World’s purest origin energy. With the Ascending Devil Physique, Huang Xiaolong would be able to absorb the purest origin devil energy from anywhere. No matter what kind of devil cultivation techniques he learned, he would achieve twice the result at half the effort.

The newly formed devil rune between Huang Xiaolong’s brows had stabilized by now; however, the majestic aura of a devil gave the illusion that he was actually the Archdevil Lord.

After checking his body’s condition, he turned to look at the Blood Eye Devil Stele floating not far from him. Through the influx of devil energy this time, his connection with the Blood Eye Devil Stele had reached another and more profound level.

If he was within a certain radius from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele and Glaze Devil Stele, even if that radius was a hundred million li, Huang Xiaolong was confident he could sense their presence.

This directly raised Huang Xiaolong’s confidence in finding the two devil steles in the demonic beasts’ empires.

“I wonder what’s the current situation outside.” Huang Xiaolong retrieved the Blood Eye Devil Stele and Devil Gourd into his body and got to his feet. He disappeared into a blur and left the abyss. When he appeared again, he was already outside the Devil Tower.