Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

When the Myriad Curses Devil Stele’s energy entered Huang Xiaolong’s body, an intense black glow covered him. Along with the blacklight, dazzling blood-red light appeared and filled the space around him,

Without a doubt, the blood-red light was the glow of the Blood Eye Devil Stele Huang Xiaolong had already refined in the past.

Lu Xiaoqing and the rest were stunned for a moment.

When Huang Xiaolong retrieved his hand, the black light returned to his body.

“Alright. All of you should wait for me at the foot of this hill.” Huang Xiaolong turned around and said to Gao Changran, Wang Fanning, and the rest.

“Yes, Your Majesty!”

Everyone acknowledged respectfully before bowing towards Huang Xiaolong. Without waiting for further instructions, they returned to the foot of the hill.

As for the four odd beasts, they quickly spread out and formed a defensive perimeter around the hill.

Huang Xiaolong had no desire to take chances. Even though the four odd beasts were already standing guard at the foot of the hill, he summoned all fourteen radiance angels and all one hundred Undead Netherguards. They stood all around him in case any accidents happened when he tried to refine the Myriad Curses Devil Stele.

After getting himself ready by sucking in a long breath, Huang Xiaolong’s body shot through the air and appeared in the space above the Myriad Curses Devil Stele. He sat down and started to circulate the energy of the Blood Eye Devil Stele.

As the Blood Eye Devil Stele’s blood-red eyes opened, a bloody light burst out from his body. Countless rays of blood-red light, along with the boundless darkness energy contained in the devil stele, came crashing down on the world.

The darkness energy contained in the Blood Eye Devil Stele enveloped the Myriad Curses Devil Stele below Huang Xiaolong.

At the same time, the body of the Devil Tower started to tremble.

Streams of light emerged from the Devil Tower, and it rained down on the Myriad Curses Devil Stele like silvery starlight.

With the assistance of the bloody light from the Blood Eye Devil Stele and the starlight from the Devil Tower, the once dormant Myriad Curses Devil Stele started to shake.

As though a sleeping volcano had been awakened, a ray of brilliant light broke out from the body of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele and charged into the nine heavens.

Even the calm space they were in started to tremble.

The tremors shocked everyone who was standing at the foot of the hill.

Without pausing for a moment, Huang Xiaolong circulated the full power of the Blood Eye Devil Stele and Devil Tower inside him.

As more and more rays of light emerged from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele, the curse runes on the stele lit up one by one.

Every single curse rune was like a mini sun, and the light they emitted was extremely eye-piercing.

As waves of darkness energy comparable to the ones from the Blood Eye Devil Stele emerged from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele, they charged towards Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong swallowed the energy coming from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele without end by hastily circulating the Grandmist Parasitic Medium.

Even though Huang Xiaolong already had the experience of refining the Blood Eye Devil Stele with the Devil Tower’s assistance, his body shook when the tyrannical darkness energy from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele rushed into his body.

The surge of energy from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele was irregular, and it even seemed a little stronger than the energy coming from the Blood Eye Devil Stele when he had refined it in the past.

Could it be that the six great Devil Steles are split into different ranks like the chaos lightning pools?

That’s not impossible...

Even though it wasn’t stated in the legends, Huang Xiaolong could feel that the energy contained in the Myriad Curses Devil Stele far outstripped the Blood Eye Devil Stele. Without a doubt, the Myriad Curses Devil Stele ranked higher than the Blood Eye Devil Stele.

A month quickly passed.

With the tempering from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele’s energy, Huang Xiaolong realized that the body of the Devil Tower in him was growing stronger and stronger. He was also slowly creeping towards the peak of the mid-Ninth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

The might of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele also seemed to resonate with the Heart of Hell, Yellow Springs Devil Robe, and Devil Gourd. The Heart of Hell seemed to pump harder, and the grandmist artifacts started to glow.

Previously, these two grandmist artifacts were damaged by Shi Ming’s palm. No matter how hard Huang Xiaolong had tried to repair them, he couldn’t completely restore them to the peak state. With the help of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele, they managed to restore themselves. In fact, it seemed as though their might had increased a little.

All of a sudden, three Archdevil phantoms appeared above Huang Xiaolong’s head as they opened their mouths to suck in the endless energy coming off the Myriad Curses Devil Stele.

An inexhaustible glow appeared around the three phantoms.

The trembling of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele soon increased.

Waves after waves of dark light emerged from the stele, and like a tsunami, or an eruption from a super volcano, they swallowed Huang Xiaolong. His body disappeared in the darkness, and from afar, it looked like an endless sea of black had taken over the area.

Just like that, half a year passed.

The shine of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele covered the calm space they were in.

Even Gao Changran, Wang Fanning, and the others were immersed in the black light.

“His Majesty... He wouldn’t have met with any problems, would he?!” One of the ancestors from the Black Wolf Race felt his heart dropping when he saw the source of the black light at the top of the hill.

Even though the Myriad Curses Devil Stele was the most precious treasure that belonged to the Devil World, everyone in existence knew that not everyone would be successful when refining it. As soon as they failed in the refinement process, they would be swallowed by the energy in the Myriad Curses Devil Stele. They might even suffer from the effects of the ten thousand curses carved into the stele.

Every single curse on the stele was countless times more terrifying than the Blue Soul’s Curse.

Even if a peak late-Tenth Order Emperor were to get hit by all the curses from the Myriad Curses Devil Stele, he would die. There was no chance for survival.

“I don’t think so.” Gao Changran said. “In all the worlds, His Majesty possesses the most outstanding talent. He managed to climb to the ninth floor of the Devil Tower... Refining the devil stele shouldn’t be a problem... FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Even though that was what he said, Gao Changran felt his heart trembling.

There were exceptions to everything in the world. There was nothing to say that someone with exceptional talent would be able to refine the devil stele successfully. The only thing they had was a higher chance of success compared to others.

As everyone waited with bated breaths, another year passed.

Even though one entire year had passed, Huang Xiaolong showed no signs of moving. Everyone felt the panic in their heart rising a little.

It was too bad that Huang Xiaolong had ordered them to wait at the foot of the hill. Without his order, Gao Changran and the rest didn’t dare to head up there.

All of a sudden, the sound of a massive explosion resounded through the skies.

The darkness energy started to expand, and an unstoppable aura filled the lands for a second.

“This...”Lu Xiaoqing exclaimed in shock.

“Did His Majesty breakthrough?!” A look of joy appeared on Gao Changran’s face.

They were right. Huang Xiaolong had indeed broken through.

In the one year and seven months of his refining of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele, Huang Xiaolong’s strength had soared. A year ago, he had already arrived at the late-Ninth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. A moment ago, he had entered the Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm!

Even though the Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm was nothing in the eyes of many Emperor Realm experts, it was exceptionally important in the eyes of Huang Xiaolong.

Even after breaking through to the Tenth Order, the darkness energy in the Myriad Curses Devil Stele didn’t slow down in the slightest.

Another half a year passed... The Myriad Curses Devil Stele that had emitted black light endlessly, stopped. It shot into the sky and fused into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

In an instant, the sea of darkness that filled the space receded, and the sky regained its color.

Huang Xiaolong’s figure emerged from the ball of black light that once covered him.

Looks of joy appeared on the faces of everyone around him, and they flew towards Huang Xiaolong.

“Congratulations on Your Majesty’s successful refinement of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele.” Everyone kneeled in unison and said.

A smile broke out on Huang Xiaolong’s face. “Get up.”

Huang Xiaolong was extremely happy that he had managed to refine the Myriad Curses Devil Stele. Even though he had failed to enter the mid-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, he was already at the peak of the early-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. He was only half a step away.

Moreover, with the successful refinement of the Myriad Curses Devil Stele, his ability to sense the other devil steles had increased. It was going to be much easier to look for the Glass Devil Stele.

After making a trip around the space they were in, all of them decided to leave.

As soon as they left the calm space they were in, they suffered from the icy creatures’ attacks almost immediately.

This time, Huang Xiaolong was in no rush to navigate through the icy lake. He ordered the radiance angels and four odd beasts to make their move, and they suppressed these creatures.

Grandmist worms appeared on Huang Xiaolong’s hand, and he controlled the icy creatures, one by one.