Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Cold sweat dampened the backs of the Three Skull Ancestors after learning that the young man in front of them was Huang Xiaolong, the prestigious Nether King. Moments ago, they had considered killing Huang Xiaolong as one of the options.

Huang Xiaolong controlled these Ice Dragons. Hence, if Huang Xiaolong were to die, these Ice Dragons would become ‘ownerless’ and fall into disarray, enabling them to escape.

But they did not have a full grasp of breaking out from the Ice Dragons Formation’s encirclement.

Fortunately, they had given up on the thought; otherwise, at this moment...!

All three felt that their decision was sagacious, and they were lucky after learning about Huang Xiaolong’s identity. One of them quickly took out the Glaze Devil Stele, and respectfully offered it to Huang Xiaolong with both hands.

All three subsequently made a heaven’s oath to serve Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong finally relaxed, watching the Three Skull Ancestors finish making their oaths.

Although the oath they made was only to serve Huang Xiaolong for a million years, one million years or a hundred million years were the same to Huang Xiaolong. Even if the three had made an oath to serve him for only ten thousand years, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t have raised an eyebrow.

This was because Huang Xiaolong was confident that within ten thousand years, he could gather all six devil steles and become the new Archdevil Lord of the Devil World. Ten thousand years’ time was enough for him to obtain the remaining half of the Radiance Ancestor’s inheritance as well and take over the Radiance World. The three big worlds—Hell, Devil World, and the Radiance World, all three would be under his rule.

Huang Xiaolong even had the confidence of breaking through to the Sovereign Realm within ten thousand years!

At that time, whether the Three Skulls Ancestors served him or not, was not important.

As he touched the smooth and resplendent Glaze Devil Stele in front of him, the Blood Eye Devil Stele and Myriad Curses Devil Stele inside his body glowed brightly, as if expressing their joy.

Blood red glow and curse runes’ light intermingled vigorously.

Different from the Blood Eye Devil Stele and Myriad Curses Devil Stele, there were no runes or patterns whatsoever on the Glaze Devil Stele’s body. It was smooth and clear as a mirror, like an emerald lake. Yet amidst the rich emerald green was a hint of faint yellow, a harmonious contrast that was meant to exist.

Huang Xiaolong’s curiosity was stoked as he took a closer look at the Glaze Devil Stele. The Blood Eye Devil Stele’s spirit was a pair of blood pupils. The Myriad Curses Devil Stele’s spirit was an ancient rune of myriad curses... What about this Glaze Devil Stele?

What does the spirit within the Glaze Devil Stele look like?

No matter how Huang Xiaolong searched or looked at the devil stele, he couldn’t find the Glaze Devil Stele’s spirit.

It looked like he needed to refine the Glaze Devil Stele to know about its spirit. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

As planned, Huang Xiaolong stayed inside the Famish Devil Ancient Battlefield to refine the Glaze Devil Stele, right on the spot.

However, Huang Xiaolong did not start refining immediately; instead, he consumed the Blood Jasper Divine Ginseng, Dragon King Purple Ginseng, and other precious ginseng first.

Huang Xiaolong also selected two roots of suitable ginseng for Lu Xiaoqing and told her to refine them. It was apparent to him that Lu Xiaoqing’s cultivation had been stuck at the peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm for quite some time, and her accumulation was sufficient for her to break through to Emperor Realm.

While Huang Xiaolong refined the spiritual ginseng, the Three Skull Ancestors, Ice Dragons, and four odd beasts guarded some distance away.

Although the ancient netherspirits in the Famish Devil Ancient Battlefield’s depths were formidable, they did not pose any threat to Huang Xiaolong with the Three Skull Ancestors, seventy-plus Ice Dragons, and the four odd beasts as his guardians.

Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged inside a massive pit in the barren land and directly threw the Blood Jasper Divine Ginseng into his mouth. He circulated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium and began absorbing the Blood Jasper Divine Ginseng and Dragon King Purple Ginseng’s spiritual energy.

In a little over a month, Huang Xiaolong had completely absorbed the Blood Jasper Divine Ginseng and Dragon King Purple Ginseng’s spiritual energy.

Huang Xiaolong could feel that his blood-energy had become more robust, and his godforce’s purity had increased significantly after absorbing two ginseng roots’ spiritual energy. More importantly, his whole body’s veins and meridians had widened by one-tenth.

Although his cultivation had not advanced to the mid-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, the two ginseng roots had greatly benefitted him.

Huang Xiaolong once again took out another two ginseng roots and began refining their spiritual energy as well.

Another month went by when Huang Xiaolong finished refining the two ginseng roots, and he took out two more.

Huang Xiaolong repeated his actions in a mundane manner. Every Time he finished refining two ginseng roots, he would take out two more. Half a year later, Huang Xiaolong had refined ten ginseng roots.

At this point, a wry feeling came over Huang Xiaolong.

These ten ginseng roots had indeed improved his strength, but he had merely managed to advance to the mid-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

What a waste of resources ah!

The sentence inexplicably came to Huang Xiaolong’s mind.

If these ten ginseng roots were given to another peak early Tenth-Order Heavenly Monarch Realm for refining, that disciple would have broken through to the peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm by now.

However, these ten ginseng roots had raised his blood qi and vitality to another level.

It meant that his True Dragon Physique and Ascending Devil Physique would have better and faster healing abilities with the increased vigor of his blood qi and vitality level.

Hence, although Huang Xiaolong’s strength had merely risen to the mid of Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm after refining the ten ginseng roots, the benefits were more than that.

Huang Xiaolong spent a day adjusting his condition before taking out the Glaze Devil Stele.

Huang Xiaolong placed his palm onto the Glaze Devil Stele’s smooth surface, then simultaneously spurred the Blood Eye Devil Stele and Myriad Curses Devil Stele’s power, which flowed into the Glaze Devil Stele through his palm.

As the Blood Eye Devil Stele and Myriad Curses Devil Stele’s power flowed into the Glaze Devil Stele, it emitted loud humming noises, stirring the surrounding airflow.

A glaring light burst out from the Glaze Devil Stele smooth surface to the sky above, not even the thick dark clouds condensed from devil qi and death qi could block its brilliance.

The rays of light shot straight to the sky, lighting up the Famish Devil Ancient Battlefield’s center region.

The Three Skull Ancestors were alarmed by loud movements while they were guarding some distance away.

“This is Glaze Devil Stele’s...?” All three looked astonished.

Right at this time, several powerful auras were rushing towards their direction from afar.

The Three Skull Ancestors were flustered.

“Not good!”

The rays of light from the Glaze Devil Stele had alerted the close-by powerful netherspirits.

Sensing these powerful netherspirits closing in on them from various directions, the seventy-plus Ice Dragons moved into positions and formed the Ice Dragon Formation. At the same time, the four odd beasts reverted to their several thousand zhang tall bodies.

The four odd beasts attacked first and slammed their claws. They instantly buried half of the ancient netherspirits coming at them into the ground.

The Ice Dragons acted next, and a thick layer of ice covered the ground, spreading rapidly.

Inside the massive pit, a figure of a shiny egg appeared on the surface of dormant Glaze Devil Stele’s smooth surface.

Looking at this bright glass-like egg, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t react for a second. This was the Glaze Devil Stele’s spirit?! It was actually an egg!

Huang Xiaolong was rendered speechless.

A rainbow of lights was shining from the egg, flickering in and out. It then rushed into Huang Xiaolong’s body through his palm.

Huang Xiaolong’s body quivered as if he had received an electric shock.

Huang Xiaolong quickly pulled himself together and concentrated on circulating the Grandmist Parasitic Medium to devour and refine the Glaze Devil Stele’s energy.

In the blink of an eye, Huang Xiaolong’s figure was entirely obscured by the Glaze Devil Stele’s brilliant rays of light. Huang Xiaolong was bedazzled by the bright bursts of energy from the Glaze Devil Stele, like a beautiful mystery.

....

A few days later.

The brilliant light filled the massive pit in the ground, enveloping Huang Xiaolong like an opaque egg, an egg that was spinning. Huang Xiaolong sat inside the spinning egg like he was the life in gestation.