Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shouts and howls embroiled in a murderous aura and destructive force exploded outwards in the four directions. Faraway, mountains shook as fissures and cracks split the barren land, and the thick dark clouds of devil qi and death qi actually dispersed from the four odd beasts and Three Skull Ancestors’ power.

Massive corpses of ancient netherspirits piled high on the horizon, surrounded by a deep, intricate claw and palm prints pattern.

A strange stench soon permeated the air within the one hundred million li radius, coming from the ancient netherspirits’ corpses.

This stench smelled like decay and death. It was appallingly unpleasant since an ancient netherspirit did not consist of any real flesh and blood and was a unique existence formed from devil qi and death qi in the Famish Devil Ancient Battlefield space.

When a certain amount of this ‘stench’ entered the body, even Emperor Realm experts would be hard-pressed to detoxify themselves and would get corroded to death.

But this stench was futile against the Three Skull Ancestors, four odd beasts, and the Ice Dragons.

The killings continued.

While Huang Xiaolong continued refining the Glaze Devil Stele, the brilliant light from the Glaze Devil Stele shone brighter and stronger, awakening and attracting more ancient netherspirits that were in slumber.

Moreover, the ancient netherspirits that awakened were more powerful. As time passed, the attacks were dominated by Tenth Order Emperor Realm ancient netherspirits.

Then again, even Emperor Realm ancient netherspirits could only be reduced to dregs when their opponents were the Three Skulls Ancestors, four odd beasts, and seventy-plus Ice Dragons. No matter how many ancient netherspirits came or how powerful they were, they could not break past the defensive line.

Then again, as powerful as these ancient netherspirits inside the Famish Devil Ancient Battlefield’s space were, and even though they had reached Tenth Order Emperor Realm strength, there were only a small number of late-Tenth Order Emperor Realms. At most, only one or two appeared. Peak late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm strength was lesser still. It had been several days since the ancient netherspirits had started attacking. No peak late-Tenth Order Emperor Realm ancient netherspirit had yet appeared.

Even so, the Three Skull Ancestors did not dare to relax their vigilance.

According to an old rumor, there was a Sovereign Realm ancient netherspirit inside this Famish Devil Ancient Battlefield.

Though it was said that the Sovereign Realm ancient netherspirit was in slumber most of the time, what if it was awakened by the noises Huang Xiaolong was making?

Two months soon went by.

The number of attacking ancient netherspirits reduced gradually.

Perhaps, they had decided to give up after learning they couldn’t break past the Three Skull Ancestors and the others’ defensive line.

Huang Xiaolong’s figure inside the pit had completely disappeared in the brilliant lights. Others could barely make out the Glaze Devil Stele and the outline of a giant spinning egg.

Several layers of light surrounded the bright, shining egg, forming a thick, brilliant eggshell. Huang Xiaolong sat at the center within the eggshell, continuously devouring the Glaze Devil Stele’s brilliant light.

The brilliant light contained an indescribable amount of energy. It was far greater than Huang Xiaolong had imagined. Not only was the Glaze Devil Stele’s energy greater than the Blood Eye Devil Stele, but it was also higher than the Myriad Curses Devil Stele by many times.

At this point, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation had reached the peak of mid-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm. Although he was still some distance away from advancing to the late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, his cultivation was rising so fast that it could only be described as shocking.

In the middle of the egg’s internal space, Huang Xiaolong had an illusion of being transported to the beginning of time, the Chaos Era, or perhaps the Grandmist Era.

Faint threads of chaos qi emerged around him.

Despite the paltry amount of chaos qi, the chaos qi flowed consistently and accumulated steadily.

As chaos qi increased, Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads, body, and soul began to change. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Silk thin threads of chaos light appeared in the vast ocean of godforce inside his three supreme godheads. These chaos lights were actually threads of chaos law.

Half a year went by.

Huang Xiaolong quivered as he broke through to the late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm!

Following Huang Xiaolong’s breakthrough, the shiny egg doubled in size.

Huang Xiaolong’s three supreme godheads were glistening, and inside, the chaos lights were more intense. These chaos lights had gradually increased in number, lighting up every corner of the space within his godhead.

If an Emperor Realm expert could see the changes taking place inside Huang Xiaolong’s godhead, he would be shocked senseless because these changes would only happen to peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, who was about to break through to Emperor Realm.

In order for peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm cultivators to step into Emperor Realm, and to break through successfully, one’s godhead, soul, and physical body needed to evolve successfully. None of the aspects could go missing.

Even if one aspects’ evolution were to go missing, the breakthrough to Emperor Realm was bound to fail.

The ocean of godforce in his godhead began to merge within the power of these chaos laws, while his soul slowly gained the ability to manifest will. As for his body, every inch of flesh, and every drop of his blood were brimming with the power of chaos law.

It needs to be stressed that these evolutions only took place within a peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm cultivator as they attempted to break through to Emperor Realm. Huang Xiaolong was still a late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm yet his evolution had started!

No, more accurately, he had begun to experience these changes while still at a peak mid-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

The earlier one’s evolution began, the higher was the probability of successful evolution. This directly increased the chances of one’s breakthrough to Emperor Realm.

There was some supreme godhead geniuses’ evolution that had begun after several thousand years, even ten thousand years after their cultivation had reached the peak of late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

For one’s godhead, soul, and body to begin evolving at the late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm like Huang Xiaolong was unprecedented.

As time flowed by, the speed of Huang Xiaolong’s evolution became faster. The blood flowing in his veins resembled a great roaring river, rushing through his veins, glistening and emitting a rich chaos qi.

His ocean of godforce inside his three supreme godheads was bubbling like boiling water, filling the rest of the space with chaos energy vapors.

As Huang Xiaolong evolved, a year’s time had passed.

Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation had reached the peak of late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm.

When Huang Xiaolong advanced to the peak late-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, his body was akin to a giant whale, frenziedly devouring the Glaze Devil Stele’s brilliant lights.

The eggshell over Huang Xiaolong’s body had grown too big for the pit that was ten meters deep and several hundred square feet big. Now, the shiny egg had overgrown the pit and was actually making the pit bigger.

The shiny egg resembled an invisible giant hand that was pushing the earth wall around it.

Due to the giant egg’s pushing against the walls, the Three Skull Ancestors naturally felt the tremors across the ground. At first, they did not think too much of it, but as the tremors grew more intense, they couldn’t help feeling curious.

“What’s going on?” The middle of the Three Skull Ancestors, Liu Zifan, exclaimed in surprise.

The three of them perked up their ears, hearing noises of shifting ground as if something was about to break out from the ground.

At the same time, the energy flowing out from underground gave them strong sense pressure.

“Could it be that His Majesty has already broken through to the Emperor Realm?” The one on the left, Liu Zhisen, took a wild guess.

“Not so fast, would it?” Another one, Liu Ziwei, said uncertainly.

After all, it hasn’t been three years since Huang Xiaolong had started refining the Glaze Devil Stele.

Before, Huang Xiaolong was only a peak early-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch Realm, not even a mid-Tenth Order Heavenly Monarch. It was hard for him to believe Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation could rise so fast.