Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2019: Consecutive Breakthrough!

Huang Xiaolong was overwhelmed with shock. Before he could think of a way to properly refine the Lotus of Darkness, the Heart of Hell started to pound. It started to suck in all the darkness energy in Huang Xiaolong’s body like a massive black hole. With the assistance of the Heart of Hell, Huang Xiaolong finally felt much better.

Even though the Heart of Hell absorbed a considerable amount of the pressure, the darkness energy coming from the Lotus of Darkness was just too strong. Sounds of rumbling and popping came from inside Huang Xiaolong’s body without stopping.

He circulated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium repeatedly as he pushed the Archdevil Supreme Godhead to its fullest.

Using everything he had, Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil bloodlines moved and started to swallow the darkness energy pouring into him.

As Huang Xiaolong absorbed the Lotus of Darkness’s energy, a terrifying wave of darkness emerged from the Lotus of Darkness and swept through the entire palace hall. Even a mid-level Sovereign Realm expert like the little cow didn’t dare to be careless as she retreated to a corner of the hall before protecting herself with countless bolts of lightning. A mini lightning world formed around her.

Even though the lightning world summoned by the little cow was strong, it was corroded time and time again by the power of darkness coming from the lotus. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The little cow yelped in shock, and she continued to pour her godforce to reinforce the world of lightning around her.

The darkness energy not only affected the little cow. It also affected the Heart of Darkness on the sacrificial table in the hall. Rays of brilliant light emerged from the heart as it swallowed the darkness energy around it.

The Heart of Darkness started to beat once again.

“Thump, thump, thump.” The sound of heartbeat resounded through the hall as though the Heart of Darkness was about to awaken.

A frown formed on the little cow’s face when she saw what was going on.

If the King of Darkness awakened before Huang Xiaolong could refine the Lotus of Darkness, he would be in trouble. He would be in serious trouble.

When the King of Darkness had entered the demonic path in the past, he had killed an uncountable number of experts in order to successfully cultivate his demonic arts. If the King of Darkness really awakened and ran amok, the little cow wasn’t confident that she could stop him.

The more she thought about it, the more she felt that she had to do something. She reached out her leg, and a world of lightning formed around the sacrificial table. It blocked off the Heart of Darkness from swallowing the darkness energy emitted by the Lotus of Darkness.

In order to protect herself and stop the Heart of Darkness from awakening, the little cow had to strain herself.

Time slowly passed.

In the blink of an eye, two months passed.

When had Huang Xiaolong first come back to the Divine World from the Radiance World, he had barely broken into the Third Order Emperor Realm. In the two months that he spent absorbing the darkness energy, his strength reached the peak of the early-Third Order Emperor Realm.

When the little cow realized how quickly his strength was rising, she nearly yelled out in shock.

That was heaven-defying speed!

When one reached the Emperor Realm, breaking through was harder than ascending to the heavens! Although it was considerably easier than breaking through in the Sovereign Realm, the difficulty wasn’t something one could imagine! There were Emperors who took several hundred thousand years in order to arrive at the peak of the early-Third Order Emperor Realm from the early-Third Order Emperor Realm. Several hundred thousand years was considered extremely quick! There were even those who took several million years in order to advance their cultivation!

Huang Xiaolong had used a mere two months in order to do what other Emperors needed several million years to do!

Of course, one of the factors was the rank three origin treasure. With a treasure like the Lotus of Darkness, Huang Xiaolong managed to cut down a lot of time needed. Of course, his three supreme godheads and three Archdevil bloodlines were also extremely important factors.

If someone who had an ordinary darkness attributed godhead tried to absorb the Lotus of Darkness, they wouldn’t be able to catch up to Huang Xiaolong’s speed!

The Heart of Hell and his divine physiques were also reasons behind Huang Xiaolong’s incredible speed of improvement.

The combined might of all the secrets on Huang Xiaolong’s body was the reason he could devour the Lotus of Darkness at such an astounding speed.

After more than a month had passed when Huang Xiaolong had reached the peak of the early-Third Order Emperor Realm, he entered the mid-Third Order Emperor Realm.

The aura around Huang Xiaolong’s body expanded and strengthened as the Archdevil bloodlines in his body swallowed the darkness energy in the Lotus of Darkness unceasingly. The Heart of Hell operated at maximum speed as it continued to suck in a huge bulk of the energy coming from the lotus.

A year quickly passed.

With Huang Xiaolong’s speed of devouring the darkness energy, the energy pouring out of the Lotus of Darkness became more and more tyrannical. The pressure that the little cow suffered increased as she had to constantly circulate the godforce in her body to defend against the darkness energy’s corrosive properties.

Huang Xiaolong had already arrived at the peak of the late-Third Order Emperor Realm, and he would break through to the Fourth Order Emperor Realm if nothing unexpected happened.

The moment he entered the Fourth Order Emperor Realm, he would enter the ranks of the mid-level Emperor Realm experts.

Blacklight shrouded Huang Xiaolong’s body.

The Heart of Hell pounded madly in Huang Xiaolong’s chest. The light it emitted was several times more dazzling than before.

Huang Xiaolong continued to absorb the darkness energy coming from the Lotus of Darkness, and before he knew it, another four months passed.

One fine day, a loud explosion broke the stale atmosphere as the dark light surrounding Huang Xiaolong erupted. Popping sounds came from inside his body, and it sounded as though his bones were breaking and reforming themselves.

Pillars of black light emerged from his head and shot towards the ceiling of the palace hall above him.

As Huang Xiaolong entered the Fourth Order Emperor Realm, the entire palace shook under the tremendous pressure he emitted.

When he entered the mid-level Emperor Realm experts’ ranks, Huang Xiaolong’s strength improved by leaps and bounds. Compared to the time when he was at the peak of the late-Third Order Emperor Realm, he was tens of times stronger.

The Fourth Order Emperor Realm was a bottleneck that many Third Order Emperors failed to cross. Even after cultivating for several tens of millions of years, there were still many experts stuck at the peak of the late-Third Order Emperor Realm.

When the little cow saw how effortlessly Huang Xiaolong entered the Fourth Order Emperor Realm, she couldn’t help but stare at him enviously. “D*mn. With his speed, he might catch up to me in a thousand years!”

One thousand years!

The more the little cow thought about it, the worse she felt. A tremor ran through her heart.

If anyone told her that someone could enter the Sovereign Realm with one to two thousand years of cultivation, she would rather believe that she could shatter her horns by ramming headfirst into a block of tofu. However, the view of her world turned upside down when she saw Huang Xiaolong. Even if someone pulled out all the hair on her body, she wouldn’t doubt their words.

Unfortunately, Huang Xiaolong’s speed of improvement started to decline after he arrived at the Fourth Order Emperor Realm.

When the little cow noticed the tiny change, she heaved a sigh of relief.

Regardless of whether Huang Xiaolong’s speed of improvement declined, it was relative to his speed of improvement in the past. Compared to everyone else, he was still improving at a shocking rate. As four years passed, Huang Xiaolong broke through and entered the Fifth Order Emperor Realm.

When he finally broke through, the glow around the Lotus of Darkness finally started to dim. Despite that, it didn’t stop emitting darkness energy. Three years passed. Finally, the outermost petal detached itself and entered Huang Xiaolong’s body. After two months, the second petal did the same.

Following which, the third, fourth, and fifth petals turned into streams of light that entered Huang Xiaolong’s body.

When the thirty-sixth petal finally entered Huang Xiaolong’s body, a dazzling light burst out from his body, and a lotus bloomed above his head. It emitted resplendent rays of light that blinded the little cow.

Only after a day did the lotus start to fade. The dark light around Huang Xiaolong’s body receded, and the devouring power of the three Archdevil bloodlines stopped. Everything returned to normal in the hall.

As he slowly opened his eyes, Huang Xiaolong felt the change in his body, and a smile slowly blossomed on his face. He could feel the waves of tyrannical energy contained in his body, and they were much stronger than before.

After refining the Lotus of Darkness, his strength had increased at an unbelievable rate. He had already arrived at the peak of the late-Fifth Order Emperor Realm and was just a step away from entering the Sixth Order.

“Xiaolong, you’re finally awake! This old cow can’t hold on any longer!” The little cow’s voice resounded through the hall. “Hurry up! You need to form a body for the King of Darkness with the darkness energy contained in your Heart of Hell!”