Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2036: Bottom of the Ravine

The sixteen wings behind him gathered radiance energy from the origin of the Radiance World itself. However, he couldn’t purify the poison qi around him no matter how hard he tried. It was clear that the poison qi was a terrifying existence.

However, Huang Xiaolong took solace because even though the poison qi could corrode the radiance energy around him, it took an extremely long time to do so. It was slower than the rate of radiance energy being produced, and it couldn’t break his defense.

The sixteen wings seemed to form a boundary of radiance that produced radiance energy unceasingly.

Huang Xiaolong continued his descent under the protection of the radiance energy around him.

A massive tiger-like devil beast pounced at him suddenly. It had two tails, and a horn on its head. It was a weird existence at the Ninth Order Emperor Realm.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t bother moving as his Emperor’s will transformed into a tiny chaos axe that chopped down at it. The moment it landed, the devil beast turned into a mist of blood.

Other than shocking levels of devil and poison qi, there were tons of devil creatures.

However, since they were only in the Devil Abyss’ middle regions, all the devil beasts were in the Emperor Realm. As long as none of them were in the Sovereign Realm, they posed no threat to Huang Xiaolong.

The lower he got, the stronger the devil and poison qi became.

Like swirling smoke, the devil and poison qi became so dense that Huang Xiaolong couldn’t even begin to purify them. The only thing he could do was to push the devil qi away and protect himself from the poison qi. As they formed massive clouds in front of him, it became harder and harder to advance. Huang Xiaolong had to use quite a bit of effort in order to do so, and his speed of descent became slower.

After half a day, Huang Xiaolong arrived at the five thousand feet mark.

By that time, he couldn’t see his fingers when he stretched his hands out in front of him.

Other than devil and poison qi, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t feel anything else around him.

The poison qi was a weird green in color as the devil qi emitted a black that sent endless despair into the hearts of anyone who saw it.

The world of radiance formed by Huang Xiaolong’s sixteen wings started to shrink under the poison qi’s pressure. Seeing as it was getting harder to bear, Huang Xiaolong circulated the Innumerable Buddha Supreme Godhead. Rays of golden Buddhist light emerged and formed halos around his body. With several layers of golden light swirling around his body, the world of radiance stabilized.

When Huang Xiaolong reached the six thousand feet mark, the golden light was no longer enough to support the world of radiance. The deeper he got, the more terrifying was the poison qi.

Huang Xiaolong had no choice but to summon the Radiance Divine Scepter, Radiance Divine Seal, and Heavenly Hall.

The boundary of radiance around him started to expand with the help of the three supreme radiance treasures.

One day later, Huang Xiaolong stopped when he arrived at the seven thousand feet mark.

The poison and devil qi below seemed to form a formless wall. Even with the three supreme radiance treasures, Huang Xiaolong found it extremely difficult to continue going down.

Luckily for him, he had kept the soul of the fourteen winged radiance angel into the Heavenly Hall. He had attempted to turn the angel’s soul into the artifact soul, and the might of the Heavenly Hall had slowly reached that of a top-grade grandmist artifact.

With the assistance of the fourteen winged angel’s soul, the pressure he felt decreased by a huge amount. Otherwise, Huang Xiaolong would have found it hard to arrive at the seven thousand feet mark.

Another day passed.

Huang Xiaolong arrived at the eight thousand feet mark.

Even with the assistance of the three supreme radiance treasures and the sixteen wings, Huang Xiaolong was exhausted. His chest heaved up and down as sweat dripped down his forehead. He could feel the suffocating pressure coming from all around him.

With the pressure coming from the devil and poison qi, dealing with sneak attacks from the devil beasts started to take a toll on him.

Finally, Huang Xiaolong had no choice but to summon the four devil steles.

They revolved around him, and they devour all the devil qi that approached. Only then did the pressure around Huang Xiaolong slightly ease up.

Moreover, the Imperial Beast Devil Stele wasn’t there for the show. The aura it emitted scared every single beast away. None of them dared to approach Huang Xiaolong.

Without sneak attacks coming from the devil beasts, Huang Xiaolong could finally heave a sigh of relief.

Six days passed, and Huang Xiaolong arrived at the ten thousand feet mark.

Even with the assistance of all his treasures, Huang Xiaolong felt that it was getting hard to breathe.

The three supreme godheads in him started to rotate as the three Archdevil bloodlines in his body activated. Even so, it became difficult for him to continue his journey downwards.

Even Du Hai couldn’t have proceeded further than this. It was an incredible feat for a Sixth Order Emperor like Huang Xiaolong to make it to the ten thousand feet mark. Without the four devil steles, three supreme radiance treasures, and sixteen wings, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t have made it down there even if he had three supreme godheads and three Archdevil bloodlines.

After pausing his descent, Huang Xiaolong summoned the chaos lightning pools one by one.

As they formed a world of chaos and lightning above his head, countless bolts of chaos lightning rolled around and wiped out the poison and devil qi surrounding him.

Without the slightest hesitation, Huang Xiaolong continued his way downwards. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The look of shock on Du Hai’s face became more and more apparent as he stood at the top of the cliff. It had already been several days, but that kid was still going!

He couldn’t help but search for Huang Xiaolong with his divine sense. However, no matter how hard he tried, he failed to locate him.

Is he gone?! The sense of suspicion in his heart became stronger.

He couldn’t detect anything up to ten thousand feet in the ravine. It was basically impossible for Huang Xiaolong to avoid his divine sense, and there could only be one reason he couldn’t find him. However, Du Hai shook his head to get rid of the possibility. He even laughed at his guess. Even someone with his strength wouldn’t be able to go past the ten thousand feet mark, and it was practically impossible for a Sixth Order Emperor to do better.

The only thing he could think of was that Huang Xiaolong was hiding somewhere.

A flash of doubt appeared in Du Hai’s eyes.

The little cow and King of Darkness no longer bothered about him as their gazes were fixed on the darkness below.

Tens of days passed.

Huang Xiaolong arrived at the thirteen thousand feet mark.

He was standing on a black colored lotus and as a brilliant light emerged from the petals of the lotus, the devil and poison qi dissipated.

That was the Lotus of Darkness he had refined previously, and it did more than improving his strength. After refining the Lotus of Darkness, Huang Xiaolong could summon it whenever he wanted.

The Lotus of Darkness could force away all evil, and it couldn’t be corroded by poison.

The Heart of Hell in Huang Xiaolong’s chest was also emitting rays of light as it worked with the lotus to form a world of darkness.

Huang Xiaolong felt his body growing lighter and lighter all of a sudden. Huang Xiaolong fell faster and faster without any obstruction, but when he saw that it was a piece of land void of any poison and devil qi, Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed as though he had finally reached the bottom!

The only thing that shocked him was the presence of the endless devil and poison qi above him. There seemed to be mysterious energy that prevented them from invading the piece of land below...