Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 208: Saint Pavilion Opens

When Huang Xiaolong arrived at the outer division’s back mountain, he noticed that the usually lively back mountain area was actually empty.

The outer division grounds had been closed off for the Saint Pavilion opening. Huang Xiaolong could only enter the outer division grounds to the back mountain after his identity was confirmed.

"Xiaolong!" Just as Huang Xiaolong reached the back mountain he ran into Xie Puti who walked over to him with a face full of smiles.

Huang Xiaolong also smiled when he saw Xie Puti.

"You brat, hiding in Southern Hill Estate for a couple of months in practice, not even showing your shadow. I had to drink so much Sapidity Wine alone to a point that it’s almost tasteless!" Xie Puti laughed and said, landing a jesting punch on Huang Xiaolong’s shoulder.

Huang Xiaolong replied, "We’ll go and have a few cups after leaving the Saint Pavilion!"

Xie Puti broke out in a boisterous laughter hearing Huang Xiaolong’s words,"Good, it’s a deal! But, how can a few cups be enough? At that time, we’ll clean the place out!"

Huang Xiaolong grinned in agreement, "It’s my treat next time."

"All the more reason for me to drink more." Xie Puti laughed.

The two of them laughed, talking as they walked towards the meeting point.

"I heard Duan Wuhen even gave you his Golden Token." Xie Puti grinned, "And he even called you brother?"

Seeing Xie Puti had also misunderstood that the Golden Token in his hands was given to him by Duan Wuhen, Huang Xiaolong only smiled without giving an explanation, "This time Yao Fei and the Guo Family’s Guo Xufei are going in too, huh?"

Xie Puti nodded. "You must be more careful, although it’s forbidden for students entering Saint Pavilion to fight and kill amongst themselves, anything can happen. Yao Fei is like a poisonous snake. Being marked by him... he won’t be satisfied unless you die."

"I will." Huang Xiaolong nodded.

A short while later, both of them arrived at the predetermined area in the back mountain. They noticed Yao Fei had already arrived, along with seven other students waiting at the spot as well.

Including Huang Xiaolong and Xie Puti, that made a total of ten people. All were now present.

When Huang Xiaolong and Xie Puti appeared, everyone turned to look at them, each held a different meaning in their gazes.

A murderous light flitted quickly across Yao Fei’s eyes. Though it was well hidden, Huang Xiaolong still captured it, and other than Yao Fei, Huang Xiaolong detected a strong killing intent coming from another person. A young man that looked between twenty-eight to twenty-nine, wearing a dark grey robe. Up on his temple, there was a faded red sword scar.

"He’s Guo Xufei of the Guo Family." Xie Puti reminded Huang Xiaolong from the side.

Huang Xiaolong nodded.

Even if Xie Puti hadn’t said it, he had already guessed who that person was. After all, only Yao Fei and the Guo Family wanted him dead.

As Huang Xiaolong appeared, two middle-aged men clad in violet robes nodded lightly at him, which Huang Xiaolong reciprocated. According to Zhao Shu, these two would be the people Duan Ren had arranged to protect him inside the Saint Pavilion space.

Although all ten were now present and accounted for, none of them spoke or uttered a sound. The atmosphere appeared somewhat awkward.

At this moment, an immense pressure suddenly descended like the infinite milky way from the void above, rolling down and spreading out to every inch of space in the back mountain.

Huang Xiaolong and the rest looked up to the sky where the projection of six tall figures emerged. The aura emanated by these six figures felt surreal as if they existed in another space. Huang Xiaolong and the nine people below were unable to clearly distinguish the faces of these six silhouettes.

"Greeting the Emperor and all Honorable Saint Masters!" Xie Puti and the rest quickly saluted respectfully skyward, Huang Xiaolong could only emulate their actions.

Although these six figures’ faces were indistinguishable, everyone knew they were Duanren Emperor and the five protectors of Duanren Institute. All five protectors were referred to as Saint Masters by all Duanren Institute students.

"Rise." An aloof voice came from the void above. The ten people below, including Huang Xiaolong got up.

Subsequently, a thousand zhang aureate light burst out from the six figures above as they moved their hands. A prism of colors then shone down from the void above them.

Multiple rays of light formed into a diagram in the sky, and in front of the students below, turned into a hexagon shaped array formation.

"This is?!" Huang Xiaolong’s eyes narrowed.

"This is an ancient sacred array." Xie Puti informed Huang Xiaolong through voice transmission.

"Ancient sacred array!" Huang Xiaolong was shocked. He did not expect an ancient sacred array to exist in Duanren Institute.

Every ancient sacred array contained massive energy. Once initiated, it could produce unimaginable power.

"This ancient sacred array is called Hexagon Star Array. Duanren Emperor got it from an ancient cave more than a decade ago, but I heard this Hexagon Star Array is incomplete and is missing a certain part of it. Even so, when initiated by the Emperor and five Saint Masters, its power is astounding." Xie Puti’s voice sounded again in Huang Xiaolong’s ears.

Incomplete!

Huang Xiaolong nodded with a dignified expression.

Up above at this time, Duan Ren and the other five people were standing at six different bright corners of the hexagon array. Each person shot out a runic pattern from their hands that gathered in the middle of the big array, spinning and turning. With a blinding burst of light, a huge space door materialized in midair.

Strands of saint spiritual energy floated out from the spatial door.

Saint Pavilion!

Huang Xiaolong stared fixedly on the spatial door.

"The Saint Pavilion has opened, students that enter the Saint Pavilion are forbidden from any infighting and killing. Anyone that violates this rule will be expelled from Duanren Institute, is that clear?" At this time, Duanren Emperor’s aloof yet dignified voice floated down from the void.

Everyone was stumped.

"Yes, Emperor!"

"Good, go in then. When the one month period ends, all of you will immediately be sent out regardless of what you are doing.

When Duanren Emperor finished, one of the students leaped up and blurred through the spatial door, followed by a second student, then the rest.

"Let us go in." Xie Puti said to Huang Xiaolong. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Huang Xiaolong nodded.

Both of them leaped up together and with a flash, disappeared through the spatial door.

Watching this, Yao Fei and Guo Xufei who hadn’t yet moved from their spot also followed behind, entering Saint Pavilion’s space right behind Huang Xiaolong and Xie Puti.

When all ten students had entered, the spatial door slowly closed and vanished from view. Everything in the surrounding area returned to normal.

The instant Huang Xiaolong entered Saint Pavilion, a burst of saint spiritual energy washed over him. When one inhaled deeply, the energy would make them feel extremely comfortable in every corner of their body. Surveying the surrounding, this Saint Pavilion was basically a small independent world; there were green hills and sparkling emerald colored water. Towering ancient trees spread out, and even many low and mid-level demonic beasts existed within.

Without warning, the Linglong Treasure Pagoda and God Binding Ring in Huang Xiaolong’s body shook once. Detecting the changes from the Linglong Treasure Pagoda and God Binding Ring, Huang Xiaolong was overjoyed inwardly. It seemed his guess was right, the Absolute Soul Pearl was indeed inside the Saint Pavilion!

Huang Xiaolong and Xie Puti floated down to the ground below.

But, in the same instance, two figures flickered and blocked right in front of them. Who else could it be other than Yao Fei and Guo Xufei.

Seeing them, Xie Puti scoffed, "Yao Fei, Guo Xufei, what do you want to do? Students that enter Saint Pavilion are not allowed to fight or kill each other, this is the Institute’s rules! You dare to violate the Institute’s rules?"

"Institute’s rules?" Yao Fei snickered smugly, "Don’t talk to me about Institute’s rules this and that. If I, Yao Fei want to kill someone not even a Saint realm expert can stop me! Xie Puti, I only want to kill Huang Xiaolong, you can still survive if you beat it now. Otherwise, I cannot guarantee that I will not mistakenly kill even you!"