Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2084: Are You Qualified to Call Me Your Brother?

Wu Qianzhen stared at Huang Xiaolong for a moment before turning to the members of the Devil Extermination Gate. “Senior Brother Zhou, that brat is with Zhu Sijia!”

Zhou Tianyu turned to stare at Huang Xiaolong, the little cow, and Cang Mutian.

Of course, the little disturbance alerted Zhu Sijia and the other disciples of the Devil Emperor Sect. They turned to stare at Huang Xiaolong’s party.

“Why is he here?” Zhu Sijia was taken aback when she noticed Huang Xiaolong’s presence.

Her Junior Disciple Wang couldn’t help but frown. “What’s he doing here? Is he here to join in the fun?! This isn’t the Thousand Despair Devil Sect. Our Devil Emperor Sect won’t be able to protect him...”

A disciple from the Devil Extermination Sect waved his hand as he didn’t care too much about Huang Xiaolong’s presence. “Go. Take them all down. Make them kneel before me. I have something to ask them.”

“Yes, Senior Brother Zhou...” The disciple moved towards Huang Xiaolong’s trio as soon as he heard Zhou Tianyu’s order.

Two disciples appeared before Huang Xiaolong and the others.

“Are you going to go over and kneel in front of Senior Brother Zhou, or am I going to have to make you do it?” One of the disciples sneered at Huang Xiaolong.

It was too bad the little cow didn’t want to deal with him as she raised her leg to send them both several feet under. They were smashed into the earth with a single stomp, and they didn’t even have time to cry out before they died.

Everyone stared at the scene before them in shock.

This...

Even the members of the Devil Emperor Sect stared at the little cow in shock.

The little cow turned towards the members of the Devil Extermination Gate and snorted, “Kid, you’re looking down on me. Why did you send two shrimps over to mess around with me? Let me ask you right now. Are you coming over to kneel before me, or am I going to have to make a move? Actually, I’m too lazy to deal with little ants like you.”

Zhou Tianyu stared at the bodies of their fellow disciples in shock. When he heard what the little cow said, his expression fell as a cold glint flashed through his eyes. He glared at Huang Xiaolong’s group as he threatened, “Do you really think that I won’t kill you just because you have the backing of the Devil Emperor Sect? How dare you kill my men? I’ll kill everyone related to you!”

As soon as the words left his lips, he turned to the disciples behind him and ordered, “Go! Take them down right now! Do not kill them. I will personally decide their fate!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Tens of disciples behind Zhou Tianyu nodded their heads as they charged towards Huang Xiaolong’s group of three.

It was too bad they couldn’t even approach Huang Xiaolong. With a single breath from the little cow, countless bolts of lightning fell, and every single disciple from the Devil Extermination Gate turned into a pile of grey ash.

Zhou Tianyu, Wu Qianzhen, and even the members of the Devil Emperor Sect stared at the scene before them with their jaws agape.

Zhou Tianyu finally snapped back to reality when he realized what had just happened. As the blood drained from his face, he felt his world spinning. He snapped at the three of them, “Who the hell are you?!”

Huang Xiaolong didn’t bother replying.

The little cow chuckled in response, “Little kid, did you just say that you wanted to decide our fates? Weren’t you planning to kill us?”

Zhou Tianyu’s face turned red, and he suppressed the fear in his heart. “When my master and the other experts from the Devil Extermination Gate arrive, you’ll be dead!”

Zhu Sijia was afraid that Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t know who Zhou Tianyu was, and she quickly piped up, “His master is Zheng Hao, an ancestor of the Devil Extermination Gate!”

Huang Xiaolong knew that she meant well, and he returned her kind intentions with a smile.

“Zheng Hao? Never heard of him.” The little cow continued her banter.

Indeed, even though Zheng Hao was a high-level Emperor in the Devil Extermination Gate, he was a mere nobody in the Saint Devil World. How would his name ever enter the little cow’s ears?

For an overlord like the little cow, the only Emperors she would remember would be peak late-Tenth Order Emperors.

Moreover, she was already the leader of the Demon World!

After hearing that the little cow had never heard of his master, Zhou Tianyu felt a wave of relief wash over him. However, a sense of rage rose in his heart.

Too bad for him, the little cow was too lazy to explain further, and she raised her leg to smash Zhou Tianyu into the ground.

When the experts from the Devil Emperor Sect saw Zhou Tianyu’s corpse in the ground, they felt a bomb going off in their heads. Zhou Tianyu was killed?!

Huang Xiaolong looked at Zhu Sijia, and he chuckled, “I had told you earlier that you can look for me if you run into any difficulties.” He turned to leave with the little cow after he spoke to her.

Zhu Sijia hesitated for a moment, and she stuttered, “You guys... you guys should leave Saint Devil City right now! Zheng Hao is a high-level Emperor! He has always sided with the people on his side, and there is no way he will let you guys off after killing his disciple! Also, the Devil Extermination Gate will pass down the order to hunt you guys down!”

She could see that Huang Xiaolong was no ordinary individual. Still, according to her, no matter how extraordinary Huang Xiaolong’s identity was, he wouldn’t be able to resist the kill order from the Devil Extermination Gate.

The Devil Extermination Archdevil Ancestor was the head of the Devil Extermination Gate. As one of the twelve Archdevil Ancestors, he would be able to call upon a huge amount of strength if anything were to happen. Offending the Devil Extermination Gate was akin to offending half of the Devil World. If that were to happen, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t live unless he managed to gain the protection of the Heavenless Devil Legion.

Huang Xiaolong nearly burst out laughing in response. “Relax. It’s just the Devil Extermination Gate. I’ll remain in the Saint Devil City for several more days and leave after getting what I want.”

When everyone looked at Huang Xiaolong’s departing figure, they couldn’t help but start to speculate his true identity.

“Who is that black-haired kid? Isn’t he acting a little too arrogantly? He dares to offend the Devil Extermination Gate without batting an eyelid! Could he be the young master of an ancient sect?!”

“Even if he is, anyone who offends the Devil Extermination Gate won’t be able to live for long. The Devil Extermination Archdevil Ancestor is one of the twelve great Archdevil Ancestors!”

Zhu Sijia stood rooted to her spot as she sank deep into her thoughts.

“Senior sister, let’s go. That brat is looking to die if he killed Zhou Tianyu in front of everybody. He would definitely turn into Zheng Hao’s target.”

“That’s right. If he really runs away, Zheng Hao wouldn’t be able to find him. We might even be dragged into the mess! It’s great that that brat wants to remain in Saint Devil City. He can take on the Devil Extermination Gate’s rage.” Another disciple gloated.

Zhu Sijia shook her head, and she remained silent as she left with the members of the Devil Emperor Sect.

Before Huang Xiaolong could actually leave the area, a group of people approached Huang Xiaolong. When everyone around saw the insignia on their clothes, a huge circle formed around Huang Xiaolong.

“I am the young master of the Blue Flames Devil Sect.” The man in the lead cupped his fists and greeted Huang Xiaolong with a smile. “Is there a way for me to address fellow brother? Our meeting was fated, and I wonder if I can have the opportunity to invite fellow cultivators to the nearby inn for a drink?”

The Blue Flames Devil Sect was one of the ancient sects. They were as strong as the Hundred Transformation Sect from the past. Regardless of the strength of connections, they were a notch higher than the Devil Extermination Gate. The only reason they weren’t ranked was because of their reclusive nature.

It was clear that the young master of the Blue Flames Sect, Chen Qijie, wanted to befriend Huang Xiaolong.

“Fellow brother?!” The little cow snorted with disdain. “Kiddo, are you sure you can address us as fellow brothers? Even if your old ancestor came, he wouldn’t have the courage to invite us over to the inn for a drink!”