Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2089: Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus

With Huang Xiaolong’s energy pouring into it, the Ancient Heavenly Court started to emit brilliant rays of starlight that shone across the lands.

Indeed!

Along with the Complete Heaven Star Formation’s activation, Huang Xiaolong managed to feel the presence of the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus.

Huang Xiaolong leaped onto the little cow as he charged towards the location of the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus.

As Huang Xiaolong and his party were looking for the lotus, the news about the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia started to spread. After all, if the three Skull Ancestors could obtain information on it, so could the various other powers.

“What?! The Four Spirit Jade Zoysia has appeared in the Twin Devil Mountain Range?! Quick! Gather all the ancestors! We are heading there right now!”

“Pass down my order, all the ancestors to head for the Twin Devil Mountain Range! Report the news to the old ancestor!”

It was as though the whole Devil World sprung into action at the mention of the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia. The Heaven Punishment Archdevil Ancestor, the Two-headed Devil Dragon Great Emperor, and other leaders led their experts towards the Twin Devil Mountain Range.

The Twin Devil Mountain Range turned into the center of attention of the entire Devil World.

Even the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor and the old ancestor of the Hundred Transformation Sect, who had managed to escape in the past, charged towards the mountain range.

Countless forces passed down an order for their disciples to obtain the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia. As long as they brought it back to their sect, they would become the personal disciple of the old ancestor!

The rewards of bringing the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia back were naturally shocking.

With a single order from their respective factions, the disciples started to search for the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia with never-seen-before fervor.

“It’s right up ahead!” Huang Xiaolong used the Ancient Heavenly Court to detect the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus’ presence and quickly locked onto a nearby mountain.

As soon as they arrived, the three of them stared at the massive mountain beneath them.

After carefully sensing the presence of the lotus, Huang Xiaolong brought the two of them to the back of the mountain.

The peak of the mountain could only be described with a single word—majestic. The mountain peak pierced through layers upon layers of devil clouds. Shocking amounts of devil qi and frigid qi surged towards the mountain’s peak and gathered into a thick mist.

On one of the cliff faces along the peak of the mountain laid a fully bloomed green lotus. There were thirty-six petals around it, and every single one seemed as though it was made from the finest jade. It emitted rays of resplendent green light as origin energy gathered all around the lotus.

“The Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus!”

Huang Xiaolong, the little cow, and Cang Mutian gasped in shock.

“Nice! The lotus is currently transforming into its next form! It seems like it will be done with its transformation in two days!” The little cow’s breath quickened when she stared at the majestic flower before her eyes.

Two days!

Right now, the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus was a mid-level four origin treasure. Wouldn’t it turn into a high-level four origin treasure after its transformation?!

Huang Xiaolong felt a surge of joy welling up in his heart.

That was a high-level four origin treasure they were talking about! No one had expected that another one would finally appear several billion years after the previous one had appeared!

However, things would never go as planned as a massive python broke through the void and appeared before their eyes. A gale swept through the space they were in, and it attempted to swallow the three of them.

No one had any idea how huge the entire python was. The only thing they could see was its massive head. It was comparable to an ordinary mountain, and only half its body was revealed. Even so, it was several tens of miles long. The python seemed like it could support the heavens as terrifying devil runes lined its body.

The instant it appeared, the little cow exclaimed in shock, “Flying Devil Python!”

Huang Xiaolong and Cang Mutian sucked in cold breaths when they heard its name.

Even the natives of the Devil World, the three Skull Ancestors, jumped in fright as the blood drained from their faces.

The Flying Devil Python was the Heavenless Archdevil Lord’s mount!

Even though it didn’t possess a true dragon’s bloodline, it was a divine creature born from the heavens and earth. It had the most terrifying bloodline and physical body in the Devil World. In fact, the bloodline and physique of the Flying Devil Python were no weaker than the Heavenless Archdevil Lord!

When the Heavenless Archdevil Lord had entered the Fourth Order Sovereign Realm and become the ruler of the Devil World, he had met the Flying Devil Python for the first time. A sudden urge to tame it crossed his mind, but he had to use almost everything he had in order to subdue it. Anyone could imagine the strength the python possessed.

In the past, the Flying Devil Python had strength comparable to ordinary overlords. Right now, no one knew how strong it actually was.

Since the Flying Devil Python was born from the world, it was able to hide itself by concealing its aura perfectly. Even overlords wouldn’t be able to detect the presence of the python if it didn’t want them to. Huang Xiaolong, the little cow, and Cang Mutian didn’t detect its presence because they were too careless.

When they looked at the python charging at them, Huang Xiaolong turned to speak to the little cow and Cang Mutian. “I’ll handle this!” After the words left his lips, he turned around and sent a punch towards the incoming python.

Boom!

A sharp cry escaped the python’s lips as Huang Xiaolong’s fist landed on its forehead. It slammed into a nearby mountain peak, turning it into a fine dust.

The body of the Flying Devil Python appeared before their very eyes after Huang Xiaolong sent it flying. When the little cow and Cang Mutian saw its true appearance, they couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath. They had seen it in the past, but compared to the time it was the Heavenless Archdevil Lord’s mount, its body was much thicker and sturdier than before.

Even though the Flying Devil Python had a monstrous physique stronger than all of the Archdevil Ancestors, it was nothing compared to Huang Xiaolong’s saint physique. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Of course, the reason Huang Xiaolong wanted to take care of the Flying Devil Python personally was the same as the Heavenless Archdevil Lord in the past. He wanted to subdue it in order to make it part of his fighting force.

He could see that the Flying Devil Python was already at the overlord level. Even though it was only at the early-Fourth Order Sovereign Realm, it was the Heavenless Archdevil Lord’s mount in the past. It would definitely be of help when Huang Xiaolong wanted to unify the Devil World.

The little cow and Cang Mutian took several steps back when they saw Huang Xiaolong engaging in battle with the python. They returned to protect the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus, not allowing the shockwaves of the battle to disrupt its transformation process.

When Huang Xiaolong fought against the Flying Devil Python, the shockwaves of the battle quickly started to spread. The experts crawling about the Twin Devil Mountain Range quickly noticed their presence.

“This... This is a battle between Sovereigns!” Several high-level Emperors yelled in shock.

The expressions on the faces of the God King Realm and Heavenly Monarch Realm disciples changed.

“They might have found the origin treasure already! Hurry! Report back to the old ancestor!” Several disciples rushed to make their report.

Soon, everyone learned about the news, and they rushed towards the battlefield Huang Xiaolong was at.

“Sovereign Realm expert?” Chen Xie felt a sense of unease in his heart when he rushed over to the scene.

“So what if they are Sovereign Realm experts? Only those who are fated will be able to obtain the origin treasures!” The Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor sneered, “This time, I am sure that we will be able to obtain both stalks of the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia. With them, we will definitely be able to enter the Sovereign Realm!”