Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2091: Lord Archdevil Ancestor, Please Make Your Move

When the two stalks of Four Spirit Jade Zoysia appeared, they were both thicker than a human’s arm. Despite their impressive appearance, the male stalk was visibly sturdier than the female stalk.

Brilliant rays of light emerged from both stalks as it dazzled everyone who laid eyes on it with its beauty.

Just as Huang Xiaolong was about to grab both stalks, cries of shock appeared from behind him.

“It’s true! There are two stalks of Four Spirit Jade Zoysia!”

“Quick! We have to obtain it! As long as we give them to Lord Archdevil Ancestor and the old ancestor, we’ll be rewarded!”

The disciples from the Hundred Transformation Devil Sect and Lightning Beast Valley managed to arrive in time, and they couldn’t help but scream with joy.

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but pause whatever he was doing when he heard them. As he turned around to stare at them, a cold chuckle escaped his lips.

In the past, Chen Xie and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor had managed to escape. This time, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t planning on showing any mercy.

When the disciples arrived and saw the two stalks of Four Spirit Jade Zoysia hovering before the jade cave entrance, they flew towards it without caring about Huang Xiaolong’s presence.

Of course, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t going to allow them to do as they pleased. A chuckle left his lips when he realized that none of them were bothering about the fact that he was the person who had found the treasure first. Whatever the case, there was no need for Huang Xiaolong to make a move against them. Just as they were about to grab the two stalks of Four Spirit Jade Zoysia, the Flying Devil Python opened its mouth and swallowed several hundred disciples whole.

When the other disciples saw what happened, they couldn’t help but stare at the scene before them in shock.

Huang Xiaolong raised his arm as he pulled the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia towards himself. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The disciples who were a little slower stared at the Flying Devil Python with a face full of shock. Since it had already shrunk its body to the size of a python, several times larger than an ordinary snake, no one connected the python before them and the Flying Devil Python of the legends.

“Who are you?!” One of the hall masters from the Hundred Transformation Devil Sect rushed towards Huang Xiaolong and growled, “We were the ones who discovered the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia. We are disciples from the Hundred Transformation Devil Sect and the Lightning Beast Valley. If you hand over the treasure, we might allow you to walk out of here alive!”

Huang XIaolong nearly burst out laughing, and he looked at the hall master before him. “Oh? Are you sure you were the ones who found it? I remember breaking through the restrictions on this cave.”

A frown slowly formed on the hall master’s face.

“Brat, even if you found it, do you really think that you can take it away?” A hall master of the Lightning Beast Valley sneered, “I’m telling you right now that we are the ones who found it. Lord Chen Xie and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor are rushing over here as we speak! You better be wise and hand the treasure over...”

Before the words could fully leave his lips, the Flying Devil Python swept its tail towards the two hall masters. Their bodies exploded as they turned into a mist of blood.

When everyone saw how the two hall masters died without the ability to even scream, the blood drained from their faces as they took several steps backwards.

“Could it be an Emperor Realm python?!”

“Hurry and notify Lord Chen Xie and Lord Violent Lightning!”

Everyone secretly retrieved their transmission symbols and sent report after report to their leaders.

With the difference in strength, none of them managed to hide their actions from Huang Xiaolong. However, he didn’t bother stopping them. After all, they were playing right into his hands. After receiving this report, Chen Xie and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor would definitely increase their speed and rush over as quickly as they could.

Everything was exactly as Huang Xiaolong planned. As soon as they received the reports from the disciples, Chen Xie and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor felt their expressions drop.

“An Emperor Realm devil beast?” A chilly light flashed through Chen Xie’s eyes, and he harrumphed coldly, “I don’t care if it’s an early-level or mid-level Emperor. Anyone who tries to stop me from obtaining the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia will die! I’ll exterminate their race!”

“There’s even a young man beside it. I wonder which family he belongs to? How dare he go against me, the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor?!”

The two of them pushed themselves to the limit as they rushed towards the valley.

Huang Xiaolong stood in the middle of the valley as he held his hands behind his back. He was too lazy to move against the disciples of the two factions. An indifferent look appeared on his face as he awaited the arrival of Chen Xie and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor.

Initially, the disciples were afraid that Huang Xiaolong would run away with the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia. When they realized that he had no intentions of escaping, they heaved a sigh of relief. Of course, the sense of relief in their heart didn’t remain for long. A trace of suspicion soon bloomed in their hearts when they saw how calm the young man in front of them was as they thought about a possibility of him possessing a superpower as a backer.

Could it be that all that young man was relying on was the python?

Was it possible that the python wasn’t an early or mid-level Emperor?

Several other hall masters of the two factions stared at the python as a complicated light flashed in their eyes.

When they turned their gaze towards Huang Xiaolong, a sense of unease slowly filled their hearts. They didn’t understand how Huang Xiaolong could remain so calm, and they quickly sent out several other secret reports to their leaders. Since Huang Xiaolong had already achieved his goal when they had reported earlier, there was no longer a reason to allow them to report on the situation. He had long since blocked them off from the outside world, and they soon realized that they couldn’t notify their leaders about the current situation.

This...

Everyone felt their hearts drop as they stared at Huang Xiaolong.

Suddenly, whistling sounds could be heard as Chen Xie, and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor charged towards them.

“Who dares to steal from my Lightning Beast Valley?!” The Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor’s voice reverberated through the air.

When the disciples of both factions heard the voice, they couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief. A smile slowly formed on their lips.

In a flash, Chen Xie and the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor arrived as they appeared in the space between Huang Xiaolong and the disciples.

Their gaze landed on the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia, and a fanatical look appeared in their eyes. When they finally glanced at the figure standing behind the two stalks of Four Spirit Jade Zoysia, the smile on their face finally froze. Their bodies stiffened, and a feeling of suffocation overwhelmed them. The look in their eyes slowly turned to fear and desperation as though they had seen the most terrifying monster in the world.

Since their backs were facing the disciples, none of the disciples managed to detect the change in situation.

One of the hall masters of the Lightning Beast Valley hastily stepped up, and he reported to the Violent Lightning Archdevil Ancestor, “Lord Archdevil Ancestor, that’s the brat! He’s the one who snatched the Four Spirit Jade Zoysia away! The python beside him killed several hall masters. We beseech Lord Archdevil Ancestor to make a move to kill him!”

A hall master from the Hundred Transformation Devil Sect did the same as he reported the situation to Chen Xie.

However, none of them responded to their juniors’ pleas for help.

When the disciples finally noticed that their leaders weren’t moving, a feeling of doubt filled their minds.

A trembling voice brought everyone back to attention. “Huang... Huang... Huang Xiaolong!”