Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2098: Wan Shi on the Verge of leaving Seclusion

Huang Xiaolong quickly retrieved the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus. When he saw the mesmerizing glow surrounding the flower, his heart trembled.

This was a high-level four origin treasure in his hands! No matter who it was, they wouldn’t be able to calm down if they knew what it was. In the past, Wan Shi had betrayed his benefactor, the Ancient Heavenly Emperor, because of a high level four origin treasure. It went without saying that a high-level four origin treasure was enough to send the myriad of worlds into chaos.

Previously, Huang Xiaolong was afraid that the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus wouldn’t be enough for him to enter the mid-level Sovereign Realm. Now that it was a high-level four origin treasure, Huang Xiaolong had no idea how far it could bring him.

Looking at the priceless treasure before him, Huang Xiaolong calmed himself down.

When he finally calmed himself down enough, Huang Xiaolong started to circulate the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. He started to refine the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus, and tyrannical origin energy poured out from the lotus.

Origin energy surged out from the lotus like a never-ending tsunami, and the heavens and earth seemed to fall into disarray as it filled the space Huang Xiaolong was in. Even after preparing himself for it, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t contain the shock in his heart.

When the origin energy poured into his body, even someone with a saint physique like Huang Xiaolong felt his body trembling. He was like a tiny boat in the middle of the sea, battered by massive waves of origin energy.

Trying his best to suppress the origin energy, Huang Xiaolong’s three Complete Dao Saint Godhead started to move. They became three massive holes that swallowed origin energy endlessly.

When they devoured the origin energy coming from the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus, rings of dazzling green light slowly appeared around them.

Very quickly, Huang Xiaolong’s body became covered in a green glow.

As Huang Xiaolong was refining the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus, the events that happened in the Twin Devil Mountain Range spread across the entire Devil World. Of course, the City of All-Heavens soon learned of it.

In the main hall of the All Heavens Palace, Wan Yue’s expression fell when he heard the news.

“Are you sure the origin treasure Huang Xiaolong obtained was at the fourth level?!” Wan Yue questioned Yang Gang, who was making the report.

Yang Gang nodded, and he replied respectfully, “Lord Wan Yue, it’s true. It’s definitely a level four origin treasure. We aren’t able to confirm anything, but according to what everyone guessed, it should be a low-level four origin treasure.”

A weird light flashed in Wan Yue’s eyes. “Was the origin treasure emitting green light?!”

“Yes! Even though Huang Xiaolong and the others laid down several layers of restrictions, they failed to block off the green glow coming from the treasure. It’s a pity no one managed to look at the treasure. The moment it matured, Huang Xiaolong kept it away!” A look of pity appeared on Yang Gang’s face.

Wan Yue shook his head. “That’s definitely a level four origin treasure. Let me tell you one more thing. That’s definitely not a low-level four origin treasure.”

Yang Gang swallowed a mouthful of saliva in shock. “Could it be a mid-level four treasure?!”

Wan Yue sneered, “It should be the mid-level four origin treasure, the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus. If it actually transformed...” A frosty light flashed through Wan Yue’s eyes as his expression became solemn.

“High-level four origin treasure!” Yang Gang jumped into the air in fright. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Wan Yue nodded his head as a frown formed on his face.

In the past, not many people had known about the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus. However, he was one of those who knew about it. Ever since the Ancient Heavenly Emperor’s death, the City of All-Heavens hadn’t slackened off in their search for it. He had never expected Huang Xiaolong to be the one to find it!

After so many years, it seemed as though it had managed to evolve to a high-level four origin treasure!

“Lord Wan Yue, if Huang Xiaolong really refines the high-level four origin treasure...”

Wan Yue thought about it for a second, and a weird light flashed through his eyes. “If an ordinary First Order Sovereign refines the lotus, he will definitely be able to break into the mid-level Sovereign Realm. However, Huang Xiaolong has a heaven-defying talent and many saint bloodlines. It will be extremely difficult for him to break through to the next realm. He shouldn’t be able to reach the mid-level Sovereign Realm!’

Yang Gang stared at Wan Yue in shock.

Wan Yue narrowed his eyes as he continued, “Moreover, a high-level four origin treasure like the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus isn’t something he can refine so easily. Father used several hundred thousand years to refine the Myriad Worlds Bamboo, and Huang Xiaolong will definitely take several dozen thousand years in order to refine the lotus!”

“Hehe, but Lord Father will leave seclusion tens of years later!”

A look of joy appeared on Yang Gang’s face, and he exclaimed happily, “When Lord Wan Shi emerges, even someone like Huang Xiaolong won’t be able to do anything!”

“Now that Huang Xiaolong has obtained the Thirty-Six Petaled Green Lotus, he will definitely be hiding in seclusion in order to refine it. Get everyone in the Devil World to search for him! We have to locate him! The moment we find him, Lord Father will head over and crush that little bast*rd!”

“Yes, Lord Wan Yue!” Yang Gang replied respectfully.

“Right. Zhuo Yuan entered seclusion ever since the battle in the World of Darkness. How is his progress?” Wan Yue seemed to have thought of something, and he asked.

A smile appeared on Yang Gang’s face, and he responded, “This subordinate has been waiting to report this piece of good news! Yesterday, Young Master managed to enter the Sovereign Realm! Right now, he’s planning on consolidating his foundation before breaking through to the mid-First Order Sovereign Realm!”

Wan Yue roared with laughter as a spark of joy flashed in his eyes. “Great, great! Zhuo Yuan really didn’t let us down! Quickly, pass down my order! We shall celebrate for ten days!”

......

In the blink of an eye, ten years passed.

For ten whole years, Huang Xiaolong didn’t move as he hovered in the air inside the Complete Heaven Palace. Green light swirled around him as he devoured origin energy endlessly.

A faint figure could be seen inside the resplendent green light. With thousands of dragons, millions of archdevils, and uncountable golden buddhas revolving around him Huang Xiaolong continued to devour the endless origin energy pouring into him.

In his soul sea, three massive Complete Dao Saint Godheads appeared, and origin energy gathered around them. Compared to ten years ago, Huang Xiaolong’s strength had increased by more than ten times. Even though he was merely at the peak of the mid-Second Order Sovereign Realm, he was extremely close to breaking through to the late-Second Order Sovereign Realm.

Another year passed, and Huang Xiaolong’s body trembled violently. Sounds of shattering sounded out in his body, and the aura around him increased once again.

Late-Second Order Sovereign Realm!

...

Twenty years later...

Mid-Third Order Sovereign Realm!

In the blink of an eye, the fortieth year arrived.

Forty years passed without the slightest hint of trouble, and it was the forty calmest years since Huang Xiaolong had started to roam the worlds.

That very year, a piece of news swept through the lands. Within ten years, Lord Wan Shi would be leaving seclusion!

When the news started to spread, the myriad of worlds shook.

“What?! Lord Wan Shi will be leaving seclusion within ten years?! Hahaha! The moment he reappears in the world, the first person he will be looking for will be Huang Xiaolong! Huang Xiaolong is doomed!”

“Not just Huang Xiaolong. The Reverence Moon Old Man, the King of Grandmist, and the others will definitely fall with him! I wonder how strong Lord Wan Shi will be after he leaves seclusion this time...”

“Before entering seclusion, Lord Wan Shi had already entered the high-level Sovereign Realm! He should be at the late-Seventh Order Sovereign Realm when he leaves...”