Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 213: Heartless Hall

Huang Xiaolong suppressed the ecstasy in his heart and started to focus on the Soul Mandate he got from the Absolute Soul Pearl.

Several hours later, Huang Xiaolong who was sitting cross-legged on the ground suddenly pointed his finger at the void. A finger print pierced out, with dark-gray fog rumbling after it like waves on the high sea, spreading out to the surroundings. At the same time, strange black creatures appeared from within the dark-gray fog.

They were the same strange creatures Huang Xiaolong came across when he entered the valley within Saint Pavilion.

This move was called Absolute Soul Finger!

The finger print shuttled through the dark-gray fog in complete silence and was undetectable, yet had the power to penetrate heaven and earth!

Even harder to defend against than the Asura Sword Skill’s Fifth Move: Flower of the Other Shore.

Every time Huang Xiaolong displayed Absolute Soul Finger, the Absolute Soul Pearl would spew purple-colored energy for Huang Xiaolong to absorb and refine. This was called soul qi. According to the memories he received from the Absolute Soul Pearl, the Absolute Soul Finger Huang Xiaolong had just used would become more powerful when the dark-gray fog became denser and darker, increasing the strange black creatures’ strength, and in turn, increasing the Absolute Soul Finger’s attack power!

Three days and three nights passed.

Huang Xiaolong pointed a finger at the void, the dark-gray fog instantly rolled out with the strange black creatures’ shrill shrieks echoing from within. The power of the finger attack pierced through the fog silently sans any fluctuations.

Compared to the first day, Huang Xiaolong’s Absolute Soul Finger power had improved several times over.

Huang Xiaolong spent three days practicing the Absolute Soul Finger before turning to the other skill, Soul Mandate.

Meditating a moment to remember the flow and meridian route of battle qi for Soul Mandate, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes suddenly snapped open. Deep inside his pupils emerged two purple-colored ‘soul’ characters!

A light glinted in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes and the two characters flew out from his pupils, combining into a single character and branding itself onto a piece of some ruins on the ancient battlefield. Instantly, the piece of ruins exploded into fragments.

Other than controlling all living beings with souls, Soul Mandate possessed terrifying attack prowess that was no weaker than the Absolute Soul Finger itself. It was perhaps lacking in unpredictability factor when the two were compared. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Huang Xiaolong immersed himself in practicing the Absolute Soul Finger and Soul Mandate in the ancient battlefield. At the same time, Huang Xiaolong noticed that when the soul qi fused seamlessly into his meridians and Qi Sea, his battle qi actually increased at rapid speed. It was faster than Huang Xiaolong cultivating by himself while swallowing a grade five spirit pellet on a daily basis!

Of course, it was detrimental to Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation progress if he took too many spirit pellets to aid his cultivation. But soul qi was different, there were no side effects to Huang Xiaolong.

This finding delighted him.

With his current cultivation speed, he assumed he’d able to break through to mid-Xiantian Second Order very soon. Following that, late-Xiantian Second Order, peak late-Xiantian Second Order, and then Xiantian Third Order!

The Absolute Soul Pearl was ranked at fourth place on the Heavenly Treasure List, Huang Xiaolong still had the number one, Godly Mt. Xumi, to look forward to.

One month passed.

In that one month, Huang Xiaolong successfully broke through to mid-Xiantian Second Order from peak late-First Order. No doubt, the power of his Absolute Soul Finger increased significantly, about five to six times stronger than before. The same could be said about his progress in using Soul Mandate.

In the beginning, Huang Xiaolong’s plan was to leave for Blessed Buddha Empire after reining in the Absolute Soul Pearl once they exited from the dimension within Saint Pavilion. In the end, and after much thought, Huang Xiaolong decided to delay the trip until after the Huang Family arrived at Imperial City.

Another month passed in practice while concentrating on the Absolute Soul Finger, Soul Mandate, the Body Metamorphose Scripture, Asura Tactics, and the Sixth Move of Asura Sword Skill: Eye of Reincarnation.

Time flowed quickly. It seemed like in the blink of an eye, two months came and went.

While Huang Xiaolong was practicing Eye of Reincarnation, the transmission talisman near his chest vibrated. Stopping his movements, Huang Xiaolong took out the transmission talisman.

This talisman was specifically made for him by Zhao Shu. A Saint realm expert would brand the talisman with space laws. Using the transmission talisman, both sides could communicate with each other even though they were in a separate space.

The message sender on the other side was Zhao Shu.

“Sovereign, Yu Ming has returned, Family Master Huang and the rest met with mishap!”

Huang Xiaolong’s face tightened reading the message.

The Huang Family met with mishap!

Huang Xiaolong threw everything to the back of his mind and rushed out from the ancient battlefield. Hastening straight to the great hall, when he walked in, all threeㅡZhao Shu, Yu Ming, and Fei Hou was waiting there.

Other than them, there were also several Huang Family guards present.

Of those several guards, Huang Xiaolong was able to recognize them with one look. When Huang Xiaolong walked in, everyone stood up.

When Yu Ming wanted to step out and explain the situation, Huang Xiaolong waved his hand, “Everyone take a seat first.” he said as he took the main seat in the center of the great hall.

Seeing this, Yu Ming and the rest returned to their previous seats.

“Yu Ming, tell me, what exactly happened?” After taking his seat, Huang Xiaolong asked.

Yu Ming hurriedly got up again from his seat, reporting respectfully, “Sovereign, when we were passing by the Toli Kingdom, we were ambushed by a dozen Xiantian realm experts.”

“Ambushed by a dozen Xiantian realm experts!” Huang Xiaolong’s eyes narrowed pensively.

“Yes, and four amongst them were at Xiantian Ninth Order. Apart from them. there were six Xiantian Eighth Order and six more Xiantian Seventh Order experts!” Yu Ming listed out.

Huang Xiaolong cold voice contained certainty: “It was Yao Fei?”

For someone to be able to send so many high-level Xiantian experts to abduct his parents and who had a grudge with him, there was only Yao Fei.

Of course, other than Yao Fei, the Guo Family also had the capability to conduct the same deed.

Yu Ming nodded, “Yes, Young Lord. It was Yao Fei. Other than the four Xiantian Ninth Order that took away House Master Huang, Subordinate killed six of their Xiantian Seventh Order and four Xiantian Eighth Order, capturing two Xiantian Eighth Order alive. Under interrogation, they admitted they were sent by Yao Fei!”

“Bring those two people over!” an intense killing intent quickly gleamed in Huang Xiaolong‘s eyes and vanished just as fast.

“Yes, Young Lord!” Yu Ming answered and withdrew from the great hall. Next, he came back with two middle-aged men in black clothes.

The instant the two middle-aged men saw Huang Xiaolong, they sneered, “Huang Xiaolong, if you want your parents, little sister, and brother to stay safe, you better let us go immediately!”

One of them issued a brazen ruthless laugh, “If we return late, we don’t dare to guarantee nothing will happen to your parents. Your Mom and little sister were quite pleasant to the eyes. Even I was almost tempted, let alone the guards in Yao Manor!”

Just as their voices fell, a shadow blurred. Huang Xiaolong already stood right in front of them, both hands stretched out, squeezing their throats.

The two middle-aged men’s eyes protruded from the force.

Huang Xiaolong looked at them icily, “I will first send you two to hell!” He exerted force in his fingers, crushing their throats with a twist. Their heads hung limply, dead before they even understood what happened.

After confirming their deaths, Huang Xiaolong threw the two bodies into the Thousand Beast Cauldron inside the Linglong Treasure Pagoda. Turning over to Yu Ming he asked, “Where’s Yao Fei now?”

“Replying Young Lord, Yao Fei is currently in Duanren institute’s Heartless Hall.” Yu Ming replied.

Heartless Hall!

“All of you are going with me to Heartless Hall!” Huang Xiaolong stated in a cold voice.

“Yes, Young Lord!” Zhao Shu, Yu Ming, and Fei Hou answered in unison.

Moments later, the three of them followed Huang Xiaolong out from Southern Hill Estate, heading towards Heartless Hall in Duanren Institute.

Note:

There is no C213 in Chinese raws. It skipped a chapter to C214 which were compensated later with double chapters of 217 .