Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2196: Sit Down for a Discussion?!

Under the shocked gaze of everyone present, the person grabbing the Giant Kun Prince by the neck raised his head. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As though he had seen a ghost, the Giant Kun Prince stuttered when he saw Huang Xiaolong’s appearance, “You... Huang Xiaolong?!”

It was indeed Huang Xiaolong!

Didn’t he die in the lightning barrage in the space outside the 33 heavens?!

The experts of the Giant Kun Heavenly Country were shocked as well when they discovered that Huang Xiaolong was still alive!

It was too bad they were still stuck in a state of shock when the rulers of the Heavenly Saint Country, Mighty God Heavenly Country, and the various experts of both heavenly countries started their massacre. The Marshal of the Heavenly Saint Country, Lan Shifan, and the others started their killing spree without the slightest warning.

Huang Xiaolong also summoned the tiny chaos ax with his Sovereign’s will.

Before anyone could react, a majority of the experts from the Giant Kun Heavenly Country died!

When they finally snapped awake, they couldn’t think of anything else but to escape!

Of course, it was clear that Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t allow anyone to return. As soon as they started to retreat, Huang Xiaolong waved his hand, and a massive lightning net appeared to trap the experts of the Giant Kun Heavenly Country.

The lightning net was precisely the one Huang Xiaolong had managed to obtain from the Massacring God Ruler when they had fought over the Heavenly Longevity Lightning Spiritual Fruits in the past.

The lightning that formed the net was no ordinary lightning. It was crafted with several peerless lightning attributed treasures obtained from the space outside the 33 heavens. It was even sturdier than ordinary supreme spiritual treasures. The moment anyone was caught in the net, they couldn’t think of escaping.

With a single lightning net, Huang Xiaolong trapped all the members of the Giant Kun Heavenly Country.

Not wasting any more time, Huang Xiaolong threw out the lightning bead, and it emitted boundless waves of lightning qi that swallowed everyone trapped in the lightning net.

Miserable screams filled the skies as the rulers of the Heavenly Saint Country and Mighty God Heavenly Country assisted Huang Xiaolong from the side.

In the blink of an eye, the experts who had followed the prince outside were killed.

When Giant Kun Prince saw that all his followers were slain, he felt his body turn cold. It was especially so when he saw the sorry end of the various generals.

Huang Xiaolong finally turned to look at Giant Kun Prince when he was done dealing with the followers. Staring at the terrified expression on his face, Huang Xiaolong chuckled. The memory of how the Giant Kun Prince had challenged him when he had obtained the pill from the Black Dragon Ruler flashed past his eyes. In the past, the Giant Kun Prince had even said that Huang Xiaolong was a nobody!

“Giant Kun Prince...” Huang Xiaolong finally spoke.

With a trembling body, Giant Kun Prince turned to look at Huang Xiaolong.

Just as he thought that Huang Xiaolong would put an end to his life, Huang Xiaolong proved him wrong. Chuckling in a soft voice, he asked, “Do you think that your father will escape or choose to save you when he sees me later?”

The prince of the Giant Kun Heavenly Country stared at Huang Xiaolong in stunned silence as his expression fell.

In the next second, a cold smile formed on the prince’s lips. “Huang Xiaolong, I refuse to believe that you have the guts to enter my Giant Kun Heavenly Country. My father has the assistance of the Heavenly Country and there is no way for you to defeat him!”

“Is that so?” Huang Xiaolong’s face returned to its usual expressionless state and he coughed dryly, “There is no need for you to use reverse psychology to goad me into entering your Giant Kun Heavenly Country. I’m definitely killing my way in one way or another.”

If Huang Xiaolong had barely entered the mid-Seventh Order Sovereign Realm, he might not have one hundred percent confidence in killing the Giant Kun Ruler in his Heavenly Country. However, he was at the peak of the late-Seventh Order Sovereign Realm now!

Dragging the prince by the neck, Huang Xiaolong sped towards the Giant Kun Heavenly Country.

Seeing as Huang Xiaolong was already on the move, the rulers of the Heavenly Saint Country and Mighty God Heavenly Country hastily followed behind him.

As they flew towards the main palace, the Giant Kun Ruler was still joking with Yang Tianchen.

However, a frown soon formed on the ruler’s face. Placing down his cup, he felt that something was wrong. His son had gone out for quite some time but hadn’t returned! With a weird feeling in his heart, he turned to General Wang Tianyang and he commanded, “Go out and see if the young lord is back...”

“Yes, Your Majesty!” Wang Tianyang bowed and left the hall, but the instant he flew out of the entrance, a miserable cry rang through the skies. A figure shot into the main hall at an astounding speed and slammed into the ground. His splattered everywhere and blood dyed the hall read.

Everyone stared at the mess in shock. The person who had flown back into the hall was Wang Tianyang!

The Giant Kun Ruler and Yang Tianchen felt their minds going black for a moment.

“Who dares...” Killing intent erupted from the ruler’s eyes in the next second. “Who dares to barge into my Giant Kun Heavenly County?! Are you tired of living?”

Giant Kun Prince stepped into the hall slowly. However, he wasn’t alone. There was a hand on his neck as his captor dragged him into the hall like a defeated dog.

“Huang Xiaolong!” When everyone saw that the newcomer was Huang Xiaolong, looks of fear filled the faces of everyone present. Giant Kun Ruler and Yang Tianchen were no exceptions.

Their limbs started to tremble and the sound of cups shattering filled the hall.

Huang Xiaolong walked slowly towards the main seat in the hall where the ruler was seated. When he saw the delicacies and good wine sitting on the table, a smirk appeared on his face. He turned and stared at Yang Tianchen and his smile became even brighter. “It’s great that you’re here too!”

Yang Tianchen’s face sank immediately.

According to Huang Xiaolong, he was like a sheep ready to be slaughtered!

Giant Kun Ruler sucked in a long breath and he spoke to Yang Tianchen, “Brother Yang, there is no need to fret. We are currently in the Giant Kun Heavenly Country, and I can call upon the origin power of my heavenly country.”

In the outside world, they were beaten to a pulp by Huang Xiaolong. However, that might not be the case now that the battlefield had changed!

The more Giant Kun Ruler thought about it, the better he felt. Murderous intent filled his eyes as the aura around him started to expand. He was in his strongest state when he had the assistance of the unlimited energy the Giant Kun Heavenly Country had to offer!

In the Giant Kun Heavenly Country, he was as strong as a peak late-Tenth Order Sovereign!

Yang Tianchen couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief when he realized that that was indeed the case. It was true that Giant Kun Ruler was terrifyingly strong when he had the assistance of the source energy of the Heavenly World.

Getting to his feet, Giant Kun Ruler walked towards Huang Xiaolong. Facing the greatest enemy he had, the ruler crossed his arms and said, “Huang Xiaolong, I have the assistance of the Giant Kun Heavenly Country. There is no way for you to beat me here. Even if I can’t kill you, you won’t be able to do a thing to me. Release my son and we can have a chat about the terms later!”

“Now you want me to sit down to have a proper discussion with you?” Huang Xiaolong stared at Giant Kun Ruler and sneered, “Old fogey, do you really think that you have the authority to command me to have a proper discussion with you because of the origin energy you can draw from your heavenly world?”

“Didn’t you pass down the order to hunt down my master?”

“I’ve even heard that you planned to torture them before publically executing everyone related to me!”

Cold killing intent burst out from Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

Giant Kun Ruler chuckled, “That’s what I planned to do. So what about it? Are you going to make a move?” He swept his gaze over and looked at the King of Grandmist and the others standing behind Huang Xiaolong. “In the Giant Kun Heavenly Country, no one can beat me. I might not be able to kill you, but killing everyone you brought here is a piece of cake!”

“Have you thought it through?”

It was clear that the Giant Kun Ruler was threatening Huang Xiaolong.