Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Chapter 2205: Ugly, Dirty Trash

When Huang Xiaolong woke up, he discovered that he was lying inside a somewhat old and antique room. The room wasn’t big, and there were several wood carvings and jade artifacts scattered all around it. The wood carvings were made from agarwood trees that were thousands of years in age, and the jade artifacts were also rather valuable. However, in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes, these agarwood and jade artifacts were no different from the trash.

It seems like someone saved me...!

Huang Xiaolong thought inwardly.

When he tried to sit up, Huang Xiaolong experienced the worst pain he had felt in a long time. A sharp pain shot through his body, and he slumped back into bed.

Huang Xiaolong was shocked. Before he could use his soul to check on the condition of his body, he felt a burst of pain shooting up his spine. After a long period of rest, Huang Xiaolong forced himself to examine the condition of his body. He was met with a sorry sight as all the meridians in his body were ruptured.

His internal organs weren’t doing better, and it seemed as though his spirit sea was broken.

Even his three complete dao saint godheads were dim as they barely emitted any luster.

Luckily for him, even though his complete dao saint godheads were filled with minute cracks, they were still in one piece. If they were actually broken, Huang Xiaolong would have to wait for thousands of years before he recovered. Repairing a broken godhead would be a complete headache.

Thankfully, with his three complete dao saint godheads, Huang Xiaolong knew that he would be able to recover seventy to eighty percent of his previous strength in a few short years.

With his previous abilities, Huang Xiaolong was confident of sweeping the floor with anyone under the Venerable Realm as long as he recovered eighty percent of his strength.

Sitting down cross-legged on the bed, Huang Xiaolong circulated his three complete dao saint godheads.

When he just started, he felt an immense force resisting him, but after ten or so tries, he finally managed to activate the Holy Dragon Saint Godhead. As it spun round and round, traces of spiritual qi entered his body from the void above.

Even though these strands of spiritual qi were extremely weak, the Holy Dragon Saint Godhead started to heal itself. The dull glow around it eventually started to brighten up.

Feeling the weird energy contained in the spiritual qi of the world, Huang Xiaolong felt both shocked and delighted. It seems like Wan Zhuoyuan was right. This should be the so-called holy spiritual qi from the Holy World!

Only those who possessed a complete dao saint godhead could absorb holy spiritual qi in the Holy World.

Anyone with ordinary godheads could only absorb other types of spiritual qi. Since the quality of holy spiritual qi was several times higher than that of other spiritual qi, absorbing it was much more beneficial for cultivators!

The more Huang Xiaolong absorbed, the brighter his Holy Dragon Saint Godhead became!

After several more rounds, the cracks on the Holy Dragon Saint Godhead started to heal.

After a full hour, the Archdevil Saint Godhead started to suck in the holy spiritual qi and an additional strand of spiritual qi emerged from the void above him.

Even though there were two strands of holy spiritual qi, there were several differences in the source energy absorbed by the Archdevil Saint Godhead and the Holy Dragon Saint Godhead.

Dragon qi streamed into the Holy Dragon Saint Godhead and devil qi entered the Archdevil Saint Godhead.

After another hour passed, the Innumerable Buddha Saint Godhead started to shake.

When the three godheads rotated a full circle, three strands of holy spiritual qi would enter Huang Xiaolong’s body.

The more holy spiritual qi they absorbed, the smaller the cracks became. Half a day later, a small portion of the cracks along the tree complete dao saint godheads disappeared.

Despite his willingness to continue his recovery, Huang Xiaolong was forced to stop when he heard footsteps coming from outside his door.

Huang Xiaolong shook his head slowly and thought to himself, ‘At this rate, I will only need three more days to repair the cracks on the exterior of the three complete dao saint godheads. I should be able to restore my soul and meridians after that...’

With his three complete dao saint godheads, he could absorb the holy spiritual qi in the Holy World with ease. Within a few years, he would be able to regain more than eighty percent of his strength!

After planning out his road to recovery, Huang Xiaolong sat up in his bed.

Earlier, he had difficulty sitting upright, but now, he could already move about to some degree. Of course, walking normally was another question altogether. He would need several more days before he would be able to stroll around as he pleased.

The footsteps stopped outside his door and a middle-aged man who looked a lot like a housekeeper entered the room. Several guards and maids followed behind him.

The middle-aged housekeeper’s strength wasn’t too bad as he was a God King. However, to Huang Xiaolong, that was as good as nothing.

As for the guards and maids behind him, they were in the Ancestor God Realm.

When the housekeeper, Wang Junhai, saw that Huang Xiaolong was sitting on the bed, a look of shock flashed in his eyes. However, he nodded his head indifferently, “Who would have thought that an ugly b*stard like you would be awake? You can even move... Whatever... It seems like our princess’ spiritual pill wasn’t wasted.”

For someone with Huang Xiaolong’s experience, it was clear that the housekeeper was implying that everything was because of the help he had received from the princess.

Regardless, it was true that Huang Xiaolong had consumed quite a number of spiritual medicine in the past month.

When Huang Xiaolong heard the other party calling him an ugly b*stard with such indifference, a frown formed on his face.

Wang Junhai stared at Huang Xiaolong’s face, and he sneered, “What’s wrong? Do you have a problem with the way I addressed you?” He turned to look at a maid beside him and ordered, “You, go and bring us a mirror. Show him how ugly he looks. I wonder what the princess was thinking when she wasted so many resources on such ugly and dirty trash!”

“The number of spiritual medicine and pills that were fed to you is more than enough to hire a high-level God King expert!”

Upon hearing the housekeeper’s order, the maid retrieved a mirror at the side and brought it to Huang Xiaolong.

Looking at the bloodied face in the mirror, Huang Xiaolong saw the ugly scars that filled his face. It was indeed a terrifying sight.

It was no wonder the other party was calling him an ugly b*stard.

It was probably due to the traces of fire qi contained in the lightning storm that had caused his body to look like a roasted duck. His skin was black as could be and there were cracks on his skin.

Huang Xiaolong looked completely unrecognizable. However, he didn’t care in the slightest. After a few more days of rest and recovery, all the cracks on the surface of his three complete dao saint godheads would close up. When that happened, he would be able to absorb holy spiritual qi and nourish his body. His wounds and scars would disappear without a trace.

In less than half a month, he would regain his original appearance!

Wang Junhai sneered, “Ugly bastard, haven’t you seen how you look in the mirror? I feel like puking every time I look at you. If not for the princess’ orders for me to come over to feed you a Resurrection Pill every day, I wouldn’t spare a second glance at a piece of sh*t like you. To tell you the truth, the physicians in the mansion had already told us that your wounds are permanent, and you will never be able to recover!”

“No matter how hard you try, you will never be able to get rid of the scars on your face! Not to mention that your meridians and spirit sea will never be repaired! In the future, you will be the trashiest of all trash!”