Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2218: Devouring Icy Forest

Huang Xiaolong rejoiced inwardly.

His trip to Gujiao City wasn’t wasted.

If he were to recover by absorbing the holy spiritual qi in the air, it would have taken him more than a year to restore his three complete dao saint godheads by ten percent. Of course, at his current strength, he would be able to kill ordinary First or Second Order Sovereigns even without activating his three complete dao saint godheads.

“If only I knew the Black Devil Sect Headquarters location...” Huang Xiaolong paused for a second and thought about it.

Originally, he had planned to dig out the location from Qin Yuan’s memory, but after trying, he had realized that even someone like Qin Yuan had no idea where the actual hideout was.

The Black Devil Sect had hidden themselves really well. Only several Enforcers and Vice Sect Leaders knew the location of the headquarters. Since Qin Yuan was nowhere near that level, Huang Xiaolong could only try again elsewhere.

Standing outside the entrance of his cave, Huang Xiaolong extended his divine sense and covered the area around him. He scanned the direction towards the Devouring Icy Forest and noticed several groups of soldiers.

Even after an entire month, the Jinyuan Kingdom was still adamant about looking for the murderer as tons of soldiers roamed down the streets.

Seeing the groups of soldiers standing in his path, Huang Xiaolong felt a trace of disdain rising in his heart. Even in his injured state, a mere kingdom wouldn’t possess the strength to take him down!

There was only one thing he was concerned about, and that was the Big Dipper Sword Sect. Noticing disciples of the sect filling the streets, Huang Xiaolong knew that he was the reason they were present. It was a rare sight to see a disciple of one of the three supreme sects in a small kingdom like the Jinyuan Kingdom, but there were several groups of disciples roaming around right now. Even if he used his backside to think, Huang Xiaolong knew that they were there to avenge Weng Siqi.

As one of the three supremes sects in the Falling Jade Dynasty, Huang Xiaolong knew that their sect master was no ordinary Venerable Realm expert. Moreover, there had to be more than one Venerable holding the fort.

Nevertheless, he was certain that the Big Dipper Sword Sect would not send out Venerable Realm experts for a mere Emperor Realm custodian.

When Huang Xiaolong passed the capital city of the Jinyuan Kingdom, he even noticed a few Sovereign Realm cultivators from the Big Dipper Sword Sect!

After entering the capital city, Huang Xiaolong spent all six million holy bills he had obtained on spiritual medicines, and divine pills.

Even though he became a poor man in a day, Huang Xiaolong didn’t regret it at all. The only thing he needed to focus on was to recover from his injuries. He could easily get more holy bills in the future, as long as he returned to his peak state.

After buying what he could, he continued his journey and devoured spiritual medicines and pills at a frightening speed.

The journey was smooth-sailing and Huang Xiaolong finally arrived at the Devouring Icy Forest after ten days of traveling.

Huang Xiaolong stood at the border of the forest. He shook his head and laughed bitterly. In ten short days, he had swallowed all the spiritual medicines and divine pills he had bought in the capital city.

No matter how he looked at it, it was a rather extravagant way of spending money.

It seemed like he needed to work harder in order to obtain more money.

After arriving in the Holy World, he had discovered that he was unable to convert the spiritual qi from the Holy World into spirit stones. The once flamboyant Huang Xiaolong could no longer treat money as garbage like he had done in the lower worlds. Moreover, the value of a spirit stone was incomparable to a holy bill.

Staring towards the Devouring Icy Forest, white flooded his vision.

All the beasts living in the forest were of the ice attribute, and so were the trees. The divine ice trees stood upright, with never-before-seen white leaves blooming on their crowns. There was even snow falling from the top of the leaves as they filled the already snow-laden lands with even more frosty goodness.

Huang Xiaolong stopped for a second before charging into the ice forest.

Luckily for him, he was able to adapt to the snow and the temperature quickly. A cooling sensation assaulted his body as snowflakes landed on his body.

He didn’t plan to stay in the outer rings of the forest. Instead, he flew straight towards the depths of the snow-filled land.

Even though spiritual medicines grew in the outer rings of the forest, they were too low-leveled to be of any use to him.

The forest was so vast that even with his maximum speed, he only neared the depths of the Devouring Icy Forest after one month of travel.

In Huang Xiaolong’s mind, he knew that he needed several more days before he actually entered the inner ring of the forest.

Despite that, he could already see grandmist spiritual herbs strewn everywhere, and he even managed to locate a level-one origin treasure.

Even though the origin treasure was only level-one, he was overjoyed.

Nonetheless, Huang Xiaolong didn’t refine the level-one origin treasure immediately. He threw it into the Radiance Chamber of Commerce’s treasury, and he planned to look for a few more before refining them all in one go.

Two days later, Huang Xiaolong landed on the peak of a snowy mountain and stumbled upon a small herb on the other side of a cliff.

This herb was jade white and was glowing in the snow as lightning bolts flashed on its surface.

“Thundersnow Herb!”

That was a high-grade, level-one origin treasure!

Just as Huang Xiaolong reached for the Thundersnow Herb, a giant vicious beast swooped down from the skies as it swiped its sharp claws towards him.

Huang Xiaolong raised his hand and shoved the vicious beast out of his way. With a phoenix head and a pair of eagle wings, Huang Xiaolong quickly identified the beast.

“Phoenix Eagle!” Huang Xiaolong stared at it with a dumbfounded expression.

The Phoenix Eagle was a grandmist spiritual beasts, and the one in front of him was of the ice attribute. Even though it wasn’t a top-grade grandmist spiritual beast, its speed was comparable to one. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

“I’ll choose you!” Huang Xiaolong thought to himself.

Along the way, the thought of finding a mount had always filled his mind. Even though the Phoenix Eagle was only a late-Fourth Order Sovereign, its speed was comparable to most Sixth Order Sovereign Realm divine beasts.

As the Phoenix Eagle landed on the ground with a thud, it didn’t bother retreating as it pounced towards Huang Xiaolong.

Chuckling softly, he dodged the claws before jumping towards its head. A heavy punch landed on the Phoenix Eagle’s crown.

“Dang!”

The Phoenix Eagle hit the snowy ground with a deafening thud and the impact was so great that stars filled its vision.

It shook its head vigorously to regain its senses, and a deafening roar shook the skies as it lashed out with its massive tail. A wave of icicles shot towards Huang Xiaolong, but it was nothing in his eyes.

He clenched his fist and punched towards the giant tail swinging towards him as the beast fell backwards.

A few minutes later, Huang Xiaolong managed to successfully subdue the Phoenix Eagle and collected the Thundersnow Herb.

Sitting on its back, Huang Xiaolong continued to fly towards the depths of the Devouring Icy Forest.

With the Phoenix Eagle as Huang Xiaolong’s mount, it became more convenient and less time-consuming for him to travel around. Besides being familiar with the layout of the Devouring Icy Forest, it also knew the locations of several origin treasures, saving him a ton of time.

Of course, it wasn’t easy for Huang Xiaolong to obtain the origin treasures as they were usually guarded by Sovereign Realm beasts.