Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 230: Practising on Godly Mt. Xumi

When the light from the sacred ancient formation disappeared, the temple hall returned to its prior calm.

Huang Xiaolong sat on the throne, the feeling of being one with Godly Mt. Xumi washing over him. He had succeeded in refining the Godly Mt. Xumi!

Initially, Huang Xiaolong thought it would be quite troublesome to refine the Godly Mt. Xumi’s core formation, at least time-wise, it might take ten days to half a month. The ease came as a surprise to him.

Maybe it was because of the Blessed Buddha Altar. A thought suddenly struck Huang Xiaolong. It was very likely due to the sanctification ritual on Thousand Blessings Square that Huang Xiaolong was able to refine the Godly Mt. Xumi so easily, for both the Godly Mt. Xumi and the Blessed Buddha Altar were objects related to Buddhism.

While Huang Xiaolong was immersed in these thoughts, a fulgent pillar formed from Buddhism power enshrouded him, transferring memories straight into Huang Xiaolong’s consciousness.

Godly Xumi Art!

The strongest battle skill between heaven and earth!

According to the heritage memories from the Godly Mt. Xumi, this Godly Xumi Art was a battle skill, and at the same time, a cultivation technique as well.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong stood up from the temple hall throne. His foot tapped the floor, and with a sway, he disappeared from the temple hall, entering a secret chamber hidden in one of the smaller adjoining halls. Inside this secret chamber was a small pond that held a cloudy white liquid, emanating a tantalizing fragrance that was enough to make one drunk with euphoria from a single whiff, a great comfortable feeling spread out to his limbs and body.

Geocentric Buddha Elixir!

An odd wonder born of heaven and earth, absorbing it would enhance one’s cultivation at half the effort!

Huang Xiaolong approached the small pond with anticipation, staring unblinkingly at the alluring Geocentric Buddha Elixir, the mad joy making his heart race. The Geocentric Buddha Elixir in this little pond should total to over a thousand drops!

Taking one drop each day, it was enough for Huang Xiaolong for three to four years of cultivation!

Huang Xiaolong cupped his hands together, separating a drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir out from the pond, leading it straight into his opened mouth. Like ambrosial wine that flowed out of cups of jasper jade, an exquisite fragrance stirred his senses.

Huang Xiaolong did not refine the energy contained in that drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir on the spot, instead, he returned to the wide temple hall where the core formation was. As Huang Xiaolong moved both of his hands, the Ten Buddha Formation at the core burst out in bright light, an immeasurable Buddhism energy gushing down from the void, separated by an unknown number of space dimensions, enveloping Huang Xiaolong entirely.

Huang Xiaolong absorbed the Buddhism energy spilling from the void, while the drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir spread and blended into Huang Xiaolong’s meridians, Qi Sea, and dantian, again and again strengthening his physique.

As Huang Xiaolong continued to wave his arms out, gradually, illusionary arms grew out from his body! At the same time, his body glowed with Buddha luminescence like the legendary Thousand Arms Buddha.

This was the heritage skill, Godly Xumi Art!

One day later, Huang Xiaolong was able to materialize more than sixty arms. When these arms stroke, wind whistled across space with piercing energy that gave one palpitation.

It took Huang Xiaolong a full night and a day to fully refine the energy contained in that one drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir, only then did he stop practicing.

Checking the result, Huang Xiaolong noticed there was a significant improvement in his battle qi cultivation, and practicing in the Ten Buddha Formation core with Buddhism energy pouring endlessly from the void, his physical body was tempered the entire time, again increasing his physical defense. His physical body was stronger than the average warrior. With this improvement, he could only be labeled as a monstrous freak.

Just like the heritage memory showed, swallowing Geocentric Buddha Elixir before practicing the Godly Xumi Art doubled the result at half the effort. Huang Xiaolong was delighted with the result so far.

At the moment, he could project an illusion of more than sixty arms, meaning that he had completed the basic mastery of the skills. Once the number of arms reached a thousand, it was the intermediate stage, and the last stage, or major completion, would be when he could transform these surreal one thousand arms into real, solid entities.

Yet, from what the memory showed, practicing until that stage was difficult.

If Huang Xiaolong succeeded in achieving major completion, he could divide his body into one thousand Buddha avatars! Not only that, each of these one thousand Buddha avatars was a real existence, as if there were one thousand Huang Xiaolong.

The Godly Xumi Art was hailed as the strongest battle skill between heaven and earth, this was its most terrifying point. Imagine, having one thousand avatars and each avatar has one thousand arms for attacking, who could defend against it?!

This was akin to one thousand Huang Xiaolong launching one million attacks in an instant!

Furthermore, when Huang Xiaolong practiced the Godly Xumi Art until major completion, his natural physique would take on the characteristics of the most adamant, yet pliable, known as the Golden Buddha Physique, where it would never suffer damage even from the most damaging attacks. At that time, to kill Huang Xiaolong, there would be only one method—attack and destroy Huang Xiaolong’s soul! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Huang Xiaolong breathed out foul qi through his mouth.

Godly Xumi Art!

An enigmatic air of grandeur burst forth from Huang Xiaolong. A light glinted in his eyes, showing a sharp edge.

Deities Templar, Ao Baixue, Yao Fei, Li Molin! A day will come when I will trample each of you beneath my feet, killing you off one by one!

After a while, Huang Xiaolong calmed down. Once again moving his hands, gathering battle qi in his palms to activate the core formation. From the outside, the golden mountain at the center of the Sea of Suffering shook vigorously and flew out of the Sea of Suffering, tore the void and disappeared. When it appeared again, it was outside of the Buddha Cavern, above the barren wilderness in a certain location of Blessed Buddha Empire.

This was one of the Godly Mt Xumi’s powers, Huang Xiaolong could control the Godly Mt. Xumi’s flight through the core formation, but its main advantage was the ability to penetrate space.

Other than that, the core formation also controlled the Godly Mt. Xumi to attack.

According to the heritage memory, the Godly Mt. Xumi was created entirely from materials originating from the Buddha World, the Soft Golden Divine Slab. During the refinement process, ten thousand drops of golden blood from ten thousand ancient Buddhas were melted into it, adamant yet soft. It was unlikely for something to exist in the martial Spirit World that could make a scratch on Godly Mt. Xumi’s body.

Not even a God Realm master could make a dent!

After tearing out of the void, the Godly Mt. Xumi floated high up in the sky, probably several thousand zhang up, its large mass blotting out the sun. Huang Xiaolong could only imagine what it would be like using the Godly Mt. Xumi to attack.

A normal mountain as large as this was terrifying enough, moreover, this was the Godly Mt. Xumi.

“Small, smaller, smaller, more!” Huang Xiaolong controlled the core formation, shrinking the Godly Mt. Xumi continuously that the several thousand zhang mountain ended up palm-sized in the end!

“Smaller still!” It continued to shrink to the size of a sand grain.

When that succeeded, Huang Xiaolong chose a direction and controlled the Godly Mt. Xumi, flying into the dense forest some distance ahead. Although he had found the Godly Mt. Xumi, he was in no rush to return to Duanren Empire. First, he wanted to cultivate in peace and breakthrough to Xiantian Fourth Order before deciding anything else!

Xiantian Fourth Order was a dividing line. Once Huang Xiaolong crossed it, he would be a mid-level Xiantian warrior, his strength would experience a compelling enhancement.

More than an hour later, Huang Xiaolong stopped above a hilly forest region. He controlled the Godly Mt. Xumi to land on the ground, blending in with the environment of sand and soil, extremely well hidden.

He then went to the adjoining side hall, sucked a drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir into his mouth and returned to the temple hall to practice the Godly Xumi Art in the core Ten Buddha Formation.