Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2297: Holy Heavens

Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Since Jiang Tian and the others entered the holy prison, the Holy Alliance Palace sank into unprecedented gloom. In stark contrast, celebration filled the Myriad Dragon Peak.

It was a joyous occasion as Jiang Tian and the others were thrown into prison!

However, the point of the celebration was that Huang Xiaolong was now the chief disciple of the Holy Princes!

After the celebration ended, night fell, and silvery moonlight fell upon the land.

Standing on the roof of his palace, Huang Xiaolong faced the wind as he thought about what the Dragon Lion Holy Beast had spoken to him about.

Even though Di Huai had managed to fend off Luo Hong and the others, for the time being, no one could be sure if the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground would launch a full-out offensive against the Zhuoyuan Holy Ground. The only thing Di Huai knew was that they would be safe temporarily.

As for Huang Xiaolong’s ability to improve his saint godhead, saint bloodline, and saint physique, he was afraid no one would be able to conceal the news for long.

When the members of the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground learned about it, they would ignore all their losses and send endless amounts of troops down to capture Huang Xiaolong. If the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground threw caution to the wind and went all out, even Di Huai wasn’t confident of protecting Huang Xiaolong.

As such, Di Huai planned to let Huang Xiaolong join the Holy Heavens!

The Holy Heavens was one of the strongest organizations in the Holy World! It was created by several peak existences, who had already surpassed the True Saint Realm, and the power behind the organization was unfathomable!

As long as one was a Venerable Realm Holy Prince, one could take part in their selection process!

The moment Huang Xiaolong entered their organization, even with a million times more courage, the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground wouldn’t dare to touch a single strand of hair on his head!

“Holy Heavens....” Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself as brilliant light flashed in his eyes.

Even though they only accepted Holy Princes, they were extremely strict when it came to accepting disciples. Even Holy Princes who had saint attributes ranked in the top one hundred wouldn’t be able to enter! However, Huang Xiaolong was confident in his abilities.

That was because he had the ability to continuously evolve his saint attributes!

The only problem he had was to enter the Venerable Realm!

According to Lord Di Huai’s intentions, he planned to unseal a forbidden ground in the Zhuoyuan Holy Gate for Huang Xiaolong to enter seclusion!

However, he was rejected by Huang Xiaolong.

Even though increasing his cultivation in seclusion in the forbidden region would decrease the time he needed to enter the Venerable Realm compared to regular cultivation, it would take twenty years!

Huang Xiaolong felt that twenty years to enter the Venerable Realm was too slow!

He was afraid that the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground would have already led their troops to lay siege on the Zhuoyuan Holy Ground in twenty years!

As such, he had decided to accept the missions given out by the Holy Gate to hunt down members of the evil factions. He would devour their saint attributes and force himself to enter the Venerable Realm as soon as possible!

“Young Master, are you thinking about the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground?” Zhang Wenyue appeared behind Huang Xiaolong as her soft voice entered his ears.

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head slowly.

“I’ve heard about what happened that day. Will the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground still dare to mess with us?”

Huang Xiaolong explained, “The strength of the Evolving Dragon Holy Ground has long since surpassed our Zhuoyuan Holy Gate. According to Lord Di Huai, the Evolving Dragon Holy Gate has already allied themselves with the Taihong Holy Gate.” Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but chuckle softly, when he spoke up to this point. “However, there is nothing for you to worry about. If there comes a day where they send troops down to the Zhuoyuan Holy Gate, Lord Di Huai will be more than capable of protecting us as we retreat.”

...

On the very next day, Huang Xiaolong left the Myriad Dragon Peak to accept missions to deal with the disciples of the evil factions.

This time, the hall master personally came out to receive Huang Xiaolong. Zheng Xu was extremely respectful as he attended to Huang Xiaolong and gave him all the missions he wanted.

With a single word, Huang Xiaolong asked Zheng Xu to bring out all the missions they had to slay disciples of the evil faction.

This time, he chose everyone in the Fourth Order Venerable Realm or weaker. With his current strength, none of them would be able to pose a threat to him.

Eventually, Huang Xiaolong picked out twenty missions in total.

Every single evil cultivator Huang Xiaolong chose to kill were under the Fourth Order Venerable Realm, and the strongest was only a Third Order Venerable. As for the weakest, it was a First Order Venerable Realm cultivator.

Of course, every single one he chose had either a complete dao saint godhead, saint bloodline, or saint physique.

After seeing how Huang Xiaolong took twelve mission slips in one go, Zheng Xu couldn’t help but widen his eyes in shock.

“Your Highness, are you really planning to take on all these missions by yourself?”

Even though Huang Xiaolong was currently the leader of the Holy Princes and was able to receive many benefits in addition to the special attention given to him by the doyens and Lord Di Huai, he would still be punished by the rules of the Holy Gate if he failed to complete the missions.

Out of the twelve missions he picked, there were indeed several of them that were nigh impossible to complete.

For example, the Third Order Venerable Huang Xiaolong chose to kill was called Zhou Ze. He had a Saint godhead and a Saint bloodline, and they were both ranked in the high one thousands! With Huang Xiaolong’s current strength, it was an impossible task to kill someone so much stronger than him!

“What? Am I not allowed to accept these missions?” Huang Xiaolong said, half-jokingly.

Zheng Xu shook his hands and explained, “No, no, no.... That’s not what I meant! Your Highness is currently the leader of the Holy Princes, and you can take as many missions as you want! However, there are several missions here that you might not be able to complete!”

Afraid that Huang Xiaolong was really unaware of the dangers, Zheng Xu broke down every aspect of the mission he chose.

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head after hearing the explanation and chuckled. “I will take note of what you said. When the missions are completed, I shall invite Hall Master Zheng to take a look at them.” Huang Xiaolong left the palace as soon as he spoke.

Zheng Xu stood rooted to his spot as he stared at Huang Xiaolong’s disappearing figure.

What happened just now?!

...

A month later...

In the Central Holy Continent, above a certain frozen lake, blood-red mist filled the skies. A look of disbelief appeared on the Nefarious King’s face as he stared at Huang Xiaolong before falling to the frozen land below.

...

Four months later...

In a random mountain cave in the Eastern Winged Crow Continent, Huang Xiaolong blew a hole through the chest of Cui Yun from the evil faction.

Several dozen minutes later, Huang Xiaolong left the cave with a dried-up corpse inside it.

Very quickly, three years passed.

In the three years, Huang Xiaolong completed eight missions and killed eight members of the evil faction.

Their strength ranged from the First Order Venerable Realm to the late-Second Order Venerable Realm.

After devouring their saint attributes, Huang Xiaolong’s saint godheads, saint bloodlines, and saint physique evolved at a terrifying rate. They became ranked in the two thousand by the time he was done.

As for his strength, he approached the peak of the late-Tenth Order Sovereign Realm, and his combat prowess took a leap forward.

Sitting in a courtyard in a branch of the Ancient Emperor Beast Continent, Huang Xiaolong took out the other mission slips. Those were the hardest ones, and the strength of all his remaining targets was at the Third Order Venerable Realm. The strongest of them all was Zhou Ze, at the late-Third Order Venerable Realm.