Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 231: Combining Four Treasures into One

Huang Xiaolong spent the coming days in the same routine; taking a drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir and activating the Ten Buddha Formation to practice the Godly Xumi Art.

Seconds became minutes that turned into days, Huang Xiaolong’s battle qi and spiritual force progressed at an alarming rate. In a mere ten days, the mid-Xiantian Third Order Huang Xiaolong advanced to peak mid-Xiantian Third Order!

Twenty days later, Huang Xiaolong broke through into late-Xiantian Third Order. At the same time Huang Xiaolong reached late-Third Order, the number of arms he could form doubled to over one hundred and twenty. However, every additional arm after that became harder to form. Before, he could form a minimum of three to four arms in a day’s practice, but after reaching one hundred and twenty arms, he could, at most, form one additional arm from a day’s practice.

With the Geocentric Buddha Elixir and tempering from the Buddhism energy at the core formation, Huang Xiaolong’s physical defense and power were enhanced on a daily basis. When Huang Xiaolong’s spiritual sense swept through his internal body, he found a layer of Buddha luminescence over his orifices, meridians, bones, and marrow.

Time continued to flow by.

Secluded within the Godly Mt. Xumi, Huang Xiaolong had been practicing for a little over one month, his cultivation was already at the peak of late-Xiantian Third Order and his Body Metamorphose Scripture advanced into Stage Ten: Crouching Tiger.

On this particular day, like any other day of that month, Huang Xiaolong swallowed a drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir and started practicing the Godly Xumi Art in the Ten Buddha Formation at the center of the temple hall. A flurry of ethereal arms appeared on his body, while the black and blue dragons hovered in the void above him, greedily devouring the true dragon qi gushing down from another space. Perhaps it was the effect of the Buddhism energy from the Buddha World, but there was now a layer of aureate luminescence on the surface of the twin dragons’ scales.

Suddenly, Huang Xiaolong shook and a minute echo sounded from his body, followed by a bright golden light. The black and blue dragons in the void above roared endlessly.

A momentum stronger than before exuded from Huang Xiaolong.

Xiantian Fourth Order!

After a hard penance of two months, Huang Xiaolong finally broke through to Xiantian Fourth Order!

Abundant netherworld battle qi, true dragon qi, and Buddhism qi coursed along Huang Xiaolong’s body. Previously, in Huang Xiaolong’s Qi Sea, there were only two types of battle qi that had taken shape: one was the netherworld battle qi in the shape of an Archdemon of Hell and the other was a Primordial Divine Dragon. But now, there was an additional new qi that had taken shape in the form of a golden Buddha!

Three great mandates that had taken shape!

For Huang Xiaolong’s alarming breakthrough speed to Xiantian Fourth Order, other than the Geocentric Buddha Elixir, the three great mandates played a vital role by expediting the rate of Huang Xiaolong’s absorption of spiritual energies.

‘Finally, I broke through the Fourth Order!’ Huang Xiaolong stopped his practiced as his eyes sparkled with joy. Stepping into Fourth Order, his strength had more than doubled compared to the time he was in Duanren Empire.

When Huang Xiaolong left Duanren Empire for the Blessed Buddha Empire to search for the Godly Mt. Xumi, he was only a Xiantian Second Order. Now, he was two levels higher! Counting back, it hadn’t been three years since Huang Xiaolong stepped into the Xiantian realm and participated in Duanren Empire’s Imperial City Battle.

‘I wonder what level Xie Puti’s strength reached.’ Huang Xiaolong mused.

When they battled against each other for the Imperial City Battle championship, Xie Puti was an early Second Order Xiantian, an entire level above Huang Xiaolong, but now, it was highly likely that Xie Puti had yet to come close to Xiantian Third Order.

It was time for him to rush back to Duanren Empire, perhaps he might make it back in time to attend his younger sister Huang Min and Guo Tai’s wedding ceremony.

Huang Xiaolong’s blurred in a flicker, leaving the Xumi Temple.

The ancient sacred Ten Buddha Formation of Godly Mt. Xumi was located in the belly of the mountain. In retrospect, Huang Xiaolong was completely hidden from the outside world during these two months of practice.

Out from the Godly Mt. Xumi, the sand grain-sized Godly Mt. Xumi flew from the ground into Huang Xiaolong’s palm with a wave, growing to the size of a palm in the process.

Huang Xiaolong absorbed the golden mountain into his body, hovering above his soul sea just like the other three heavenly treasures, however, in that moment, the Godly Mt. Xumi, the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, the God Binding Ring, and the Absolute Soul Pearl that were dead silent recently, burst out in a prism of violent light. The Buddhism energy from Godly Mt. Xumi flooded out, spreading to every corner of Huang Xiaolong’s soul sea.

As if the three heavenly treasures were resonating with the Buddhism energy coming from the Godly Mt. Xumi, all threeㅡthe Linglong Treasure Pagoda, God Binding Ring and the Absolute Soul Pearl shone ever more brightly, issuing unfathomable long humming sounds. Sensing the odd reactions of the four heavenly treasures, Huang Xiaolong was dumbfounded.

When he entered the Buddha Cavern, even while he was at the Sea of Suffering, the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, God Binding Ring and Absolute Soul Pearl showed nary a ripple of reaction, but at this moment, their reactions were radical to the extreme.

From Huang Xiaolong’s perception, it seemed that the three heavenly treasures were afraid of the Godly Mt. Xumi, banding together to resist the Buddhism energy spewing out from the golden mountain. Yet it was futile, the powerful burst of energy weakened and diminished under the seemingly gentle golden glow.

Huang Xiaolong continued to watch, thinking it was nearly over, but all four heavenly treasures suddenly few out from his body high up to the air, flying in a circular motion.

A forceful suction force came from the Godly Mt. Xumi, holding the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, God Binding Ring and Absolute Soul Pearl prisoners, drawing them closer to itself. Though they struggled frantically, neither successfully flew out more than a hundred meters away from the Godly Mt. Xumi.

As time wore on, the distance between the four heavenly treasures shortened, albeit the beaming light from the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, God Binding Ring and Absolute Soul Pearl intensified, the resistance and struggle were futile.

In the end, the three heavenly treasures entered ten meters within the Godly Mt. Xumi’s golden halo area. At this moment, a lucent light pillar shot up from its peak, Ten Buddha statues projected in midair. The very same ten Buddha statues from the sacred ancient formation at the core.

The appearance of the Ten Buddhas increased the Godly Mt. Xumi’s might, Buddhism energy crashing out like endless tidal waves into the surroundings. Instantly winding around the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, God Binding Ring and Absolute Soul Pearl, sucking them into its golden body. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The Linglong Treasure Pagoda went straight down to become a midway pagoda pavilion, the God Binding Ring was absorbed into one of the many peaks on the Godly Mt. Xumi, whereas the Absolute Soul Pearl stood atop a different peak.

All three heavenly treasures still gleamed brightly but no longer resisted, as if they had been reined it.

Watching the entire scene, Huang Xiaolong was dumbstruck. All three heavenly treasures were absorbed by the Godly Mt. Xumi, becoming one entity?!

At this moment, on the Godly Mt. Xumi, the Fire Dragon qi, the ancient God Tribe spiritual energy from God Binding Ring’s ancient battlefield and the soul energy from Absolute Soul Pearl all gathered together, interlaced with the Buddhism energy coming from the Godly Mt. Xumi itself, bringing four different types of spiritual energy in one place.

With a turn of his right wrist, the Godly Mt. Xumi floated to Huang Xiaolong’s hand. Studying the four treasures that had combined into one, Huang Xiaolong smiled wryly to himself, can this Godly Mt. Xumi be called Godly Mt. Xumi still?

He should just call it Xumi-Linglong-God-Binding-Absolute-Pearl Mountain!

But, four treasures combined into one may not be a bad thing. Because Huang Xiaolong keenly felt that after being absorbed into the Godly Mt. Xumi, the Lingling Treasure Pagoda, God Binding Ring and Absolute Pearl’s strength did not diminish. In fact, it seemed to boost the Godly Mt. Xumi’s strength.