Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2354: Profound City

The Profound River was very far from the Heavenly Master Holy Grounds.

The four Primal Ancestors unanimously decided to give Huang Xiaolong a Winged Dragon Flying Ship. The main forging material used to build a Winged Dragon Flying Ship was a True Saint Realm Winged Dragon, a high-grade saint artifact.

A flight-type saint artifact was rare to the point that most first-tier holy grounds did not have a saint artifact level flying ship, even rarer was high-grade flight-type saint artifact.

However, for existences like the four Primal Ancestors, it was nothing strange for them to have high-grade flight saint artifacts.

The Winged Dragon Flying Ship was forged with the joint efforts of four Primal Ancestors, but the four of them rarely used it. Thus, they decided to give it to Huang Xiaolong. Huang Xiaolong possessed dragon-nature complete dao saint godhead, saint bloodline, and saint physique. Therefore, the Winged Dragon Flying Ship was literally made for Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong could reap twice the benefits with half the effort cultivating inside the rooms on the Winged Dragon Flying Ship.

However, the news that he was heading to the Profound River needed to be kept a secret. As a precaution, Huang Xiaolong used the Darkness Holy Ring’s concealment function to hide his tracks. A long time after he left the Heavenly Master Holy Grounds’ territory, at a stretch of vast space, he brought out the Winged Dragon Flying Ship.

Fueled by holy spiritual jade stones, the Winged Dragon Flying Ship’s pair of dragon wings extended to the sides. In a single stroke, the flying ship disappeared from the spot, shuttling through the vast space at high speed.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the dark space outside through the Winged Dragon Flying Ship’s window. He could see the stars and planets whizzing through, and he couldn’t help exhaling as there were quite a few benefits in worshipping a few amazing Masters.

Otherwise, he couldn’t have owned a treasure like this Winged Dragon Flying Ship even if he had money.

A high-grade flight saint artifact like the Winged Dragon Flying Ship was not something that could be bought with holy bills or holy spiritual jade stones.

At this time, the Rainbow Phoenix perching on Huang Xiaolong’s shoulder let out a chirp.

“Little guy, are you feeling hungry already?” Huang Xiaolong grinned as he lightly patted its back. He had only brought the Rainbow Phoenix with him this time.

The Rainbow Phoenix nodded its head.

Huang Xiaolong took out a level-four origin spiritual pill and fed the Rainbow Phoenix.

In the beginning, Huang Xiaolong used to feed the Rainbow Phoenix with level-one origin spiritual pill, more than a decade later, Huang Xiaolong was feeding it level-four origin spiritual pill. It was because the little guy refused to eat any pill below level-four origin spiritual pill now.

Ten years had passed, and the Rainbow Phoenix had grown a lot. The plumes on its body were shinier than ever, and its speed had increased ten times compared to before.

The Rainbow Phoenix’s strength had risen at a startling speed during this time.

This proved that the number of origin spiritual pills Huang Xiaolong fed the Rainbow Phoenix were not in vain.

In recent years, Huang Xiaolong had discovered that not only the Rainbow Phoenix had amazing speed, but even more amazing defenses. One time, he had struck a measured palm strike on the little guy, but it had barely ruffled the little guy’s feathers. It was as if the little guy’s feathers were forged from the hardest ore in the Holy World.

Although this top-grade holy beast Rainbow Phoenix’s strength, speed, and defenses had been rising at a terrifying speed, its body size was still as small as the day it was born.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the adorable manner the Rainbow Phoenix was eating the level-four origin spiritual pill, and he caressed its wings and teased. “Say, little guy. You wont’ stay this size forever, right?”

But the words barely left Huang Xiaolong’s lips, when the Rainbow Phoenix screamed at Huang Xiaolong in objection. A bright light burst from its body as it flew into the air, and in the flying ship’s cabin, its body grew a hundred times bigger!

Huang Xiaolong stared at the little guy with an agape face.

There was no shadow of that little birdie anymore, and in front of him was literally a big bird!

The Rainbow Phoenix hovered close to the cabin’s ceiling, the length of its body exceeded ten meters, enshrouded in brilliant flames as heat waves rushed outwards, and exuded a deterring momentum.

After changing, the Rainbow Phoenix’s form was taller than Huang Xiaolong had imagined. Not to mention, many Venerable Realm Holy Princes of various holy grounds had auras weaker than the little guy.

Even though Huang Xiaolong took several steps back to avoid the burning heat wave coming from the Rainbow Phoenix’s body, his skin felt a prickling pain from the scorching heat.

This finding truly astounded Huang Xiaolong. At the current level of his body’s defenses, even without resorting to his three saint physiques’ attributes, he could not be harmed by most of the fires found in the Holy World. Yet, the heat from the Rainbow Phoenix’s multi-colored fire actually made him feel prickling pain.

Huang Xiaolong suspected he would definitely burn if the Rainbow Phoenix attacked him with the fire.

The Rainbow Phoenix cried out smugly seeing Huang Xiaolong had stepped back in pain.

Huang Xiaolong smiled helplessly, “Alright, Little Nine. I know I’ve said something wrong. Quickly retrieved your fires because if this continues, my ship would be burned to ashes by you.”

Though the Winged Dragon Flying Ship was a high-grade saint artifact that should be more resistant to the Rainbow Phoenix’s fire, Huang Xiaolong was a little concerned, just in case it wasn’t.

The Rainbow Phoenix Little Nine retrieved the fire into its body and reverted back to its adolescence form. It flew back onto Huang Xiaolong’s shoulder, then clenched one of its claws, shaking it at Huang Xiaolong in a display of power.

Huang Xiaolong was speechless as this little guy had got quite a feisty temper.

In the latter days, Huang Xiaolong cultivated inside the Winged Dragon Flying Ship, consuming level-nine origin spiritual pills during the night, and in the day, he played around with Little Nine.

At times, Huang Xiaolong and the Rainbow Phoenix battled each other.

From these battles, Huang Xiaolong discovered that if he did not employ the powers of all three of his complete dao saint godheads and merely used one of the saint godhead’s powers, he could barely fight to a draw against the Rainbow Phoenix.

However, if he used the Holy Mandate Imprint’s power, the Rainbow Phoenix Little Nine would be the one defeated.

Everytime the Rainbow Phoenix sensed that Huang Xiaolong was using the Holy Mandate Imprint’s power, it would have an extremely grievous expression as if he was greatly wronged.

....

In the blink of an eye, two months passed by.

On this day, a bright light enshrouded Huang Xiaolong’s body as he cultivated, and his body quivered slightly as holy light spread outwards. Huang Xiaolong had broken through to mid-Sixth Order Venerable Realm.

After breaking through to mid-Sixth Order Venerable, Huang Xiaolong could suppress the Rainbow Phoenix in a battle without resorting to the Holy Mandate Imprint’s power and merely relying on one of his complete dao saint godheads.

What Huang Xiaolong didn’t expect was that this situation merely lasted for no more than half a month. The Rainbow Phoenix once again could fight him to a draw. It looked like the little guy’s strength also had improved in this half a month.

‘We will probably reach the Profound City in half a day.’ Huang Xiaolong thought to himself aboard the Winged Dragon Flying Ship.

The Profound City was an ancient city located on the banks of the Profound River. The Profound River was also a famous ancient city. It was said that the Profound City had experienced a long flow of time as well as blood. It was one of the ancient cities that survived from the last era.

Half a day later...

An ancient city appeared in Huang Xiaolong’s sight on the horizon. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

This ancient city stood tall in the Holy World’s vast space like an indomitable mountain. Even from far away, one could feel the Profound City’s vicissitude and resilience that had survived countless battles.

A short distance from the Profound City was the bottomless Profound River. Legend had it that no one had been able to cross the Profound River to the other side.

Huang Xiaolong retrieved the Winged Dragon Flying Ship, then flew towards the Profound City.

In order to earn Holy Heavens’ contribution points, Huang Xiaolong had taken a lot of tasks before leaving the Holy Heavens City. These tasks ranged from killing profound beasts found in the Profound River, to collecting certain unique spiritual herbs that could only be found in the Profound River, and killing evil cultivators hiding in the Profound River area.

Huang Xiaolong entered the Profound City an hour later.