Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2361: Grandmist Holy Spiritual Aura?

This kind of feeling was similar to the way he felt when cultivating in the Fire and Ice Lake.

Huang Xiaolong activated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, and the ice and fire element holy spiritual qi in his immediate surroundings frenziedly rushed towards Huang Xiaolong, entering his body.

Huang Xiaolong noticed that this ice and fire element holy spiritual qi was not as concentrated as the energy within the Fire and Ice Lake. But when it entered his body, and it was refined through his three complete dao saint godheads, it turned into another form of energy that actually made his soul bright.

“This is?!” Huang Xiaolong rejoiced.

The ice and fire element holy spiritual qi was actually useful towards the transformation of his soul!

Huang Xiaolong was beaming with the discovery.

In this case, even if he did not find treasures similar to the Fire and Ice Lake, as long as he absorbs the two elemental holy spiritual qi on this coral mainland, his soul could continue to transform and finally become a holy soul.

... This is?!

After his elation receded, Huang Xiaolong frowned instead.

This coral mainland’s ice and fire element holy spiritual qi could aid his soul’s transformation, but the effect was less than ideal compared to the Fire and Ice Lake. It was at least a hundred times less!

In other words, if he cultivated like he had done at the Fire and Ice Lake for a year, his soul probably could have successfully transformed to a holy soul. However, if he absorbed the fire and ice holy spiritual qi on this coral mainland, it would probably take him a hundred years for his soul to transform to a holy soul!

A hundred years! Thinking of this, Huang Xiaolong felt depressed.

Others would be over the moon if they learned they could transform their soul to a holy soul in a hundred years, but for Huang Xiaolong, this was far from good news.

Because the Cangqiong Holy Manor was about to open in roughly eighty years, he did not have the luxury of time to wait for his soul to complete its transformation.

If he missed the Cangqiong Holy Manor’s opening, that meant he would miss the Cangqiong Divine Pill. He would thus lose his chance of breaking through to Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint before the Saint Fate appeared.

In conclusion, he still needed to find treasure similar to the Fire and Ice Lake.

Thinking of this, Huang Xiaolong continued flying forward while extending his divine sense to search, simultaneously circulating the Grandmist Parasitic Medium to absorb the coral mainland’s ice and fire holy spiritual qi. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Huang Xiaolong was flying forward, when he stopped abruptly. Stopping with him were the streams of ice and fire spiritual qi around him.

He had barely stopped when a great profound beast came attacking from the horizon.

This profound beast was as big as a mountain, with hill-sized bumps all over its skin. Its eyes were the size of a lake. The moment this profound beast entered Huang Xiaolong’s immediate proximity, the cold gaze from its massive eyes scanned the surrounding environment, while taking several sniffs.

Failing to find anything, the profound beast swept its giant tail left and right, slamming it around randomly. In a split second, hills crumbled and the ground split.

Startling waves of destructive power rushed over Huang Xiaolong again and again.

It was a while later before the profound beast was willing to give up and leave.

After the profound beast was way out of sight, Huang Xiaolong’s tensed-up body finally relaxed, and he let out a long breath of relief. Although that profound beast had yet to reach the level of a True Saint, it was probably a peak Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint.

Once again, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help feeling fortunate that he had the Darkness Holy Ring, which helped him evade the profound beast’s search. Otherwise, he would have had no other choice but to flee for his life.

Then again, even if he ran desperately, and had the Darkness Holy Ring, it would still be too slow. So, the ending need not be explained further.

After ensuring that the profound beast wouldn’t return, Huang Xiaolong continued on his way. But after that thrilling incident, Huang Xiaolong was even more careful.

As an extra precaution, Huang Xiaolong pushed the Darkness Holy Ring’s power to the limit, extending the protective boundary to the maximum capacity without risking his safety.

But this method of searching greatly consumed his venerable godforce that he had to stop and rest every half an hour, and swallow origin spiritual pill to replenish his godforce.

Huang Xiaolong advanced slowly, stopping now and again to rest. Half a day later, relying on the Darkness Holy Ring’s protective boundary, he safely avoided a dozen profound beasts between Eighth and Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint Realms.

Although he could evade these profound beasts, each time was greatly risky, Huang Xiaolong was rigid from tension, and even his pores were closed.

Another half a day later, waves of shocking might roiled from the opposite direction, submerging Huang Xiaolong. Despite Huang Xiaolong having extended the Darkness Holy Ring’s protective boundary to the maximum capacity, he still felt suffocated.

True Saint Realm profound beast!

Only a True Saint Realm profound beast could have such overwhelming coercion, and not even a peak Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint could achieve it.

Huang Xiaolong quickly converged his presence and took out an ancient nether talisman. This ancient nether talisman quietly hovered above Huang Xiaolong’s head, emitting a dim black glow that enveloped Huang Xiaolong.

Before Huang Xiaolong had set off from the Holy Heavens City, the Heavenly Master and his three other Masters had given him a lot of ancient talismans for self-protection, and the ancient nether talisman was one of them.

Just as the ancient nether talisman’s glow fully enveloped Huang Xiaolong, a huge blue eagle profound beast appeared right above Huang Xiaolong’s head in a flash.

This huge eagle profound beast’s eyes glowed green as it scanned the surroundings suspiciously. In a single flap of its wings, terrifying gales of wind blades slashed through the space around Huang Xiaolong, splitting numerous hills into half.

Some of these terrifying wind blades slashed through the ancient nether talisman’s light barrier, but the strange thing was that these wind blades cut through Huang Xiaolong without causing him any significant harm. His flesh wounds healed instantly without any marks.

No, more accurately, it seemed that what the wind blades cut through was Huang Xiaolong’s projection instead of Huang Xiaolong himself. Huang Xiaolong’s real body seemed to be in another overlapping dimension.

The huge eagle profound beast hovered for several minutes before flying away.

Huang Xiaolong only dared to exhale the breath he held in his chest long time after the huge eagle profound beast flew away.

It finally left!

Huang Xiaolong’s palms were wet with cold sweat when he wiped his forehead.

A fleeting wry smile flashed across Huang Xiaolong’s face. If the rest of his journey was going to be like this, he would end up with a heart disease.

Moreover, he couldn’t hide like this every time. Although his four Masters had given him a lot of ancient talismans for self-protection, each talisman was a one-time use item. If he encountered a True Saint Realm profound beast every half a day, his supply of talismans would run out in six months.

It looked like he needed to speed up his search.

Two months passed by quickly.

On this day, Huang Xiaolong was lying on the ground inside a cave, looking fatigued.

These days were more exhausting than challenging a hundred Devil Palace’s disciples inside the Devil Cave.

“I’ll search for another month.” Huang Xiaolong panted.

He planned to search for one more month, and if he could not find anything during this time, he would return the way he had come. After all, he needed to keep some talismans for the way back as well.

Half a month went by, just as Huang Xiaolong was feeling increasingly disappointed, the grandmist energy in his body roiled with excitement without warning.

This is?! Huang Xiaolong was stupefied for a second.

Purple grandmist aura?!

There is purple grandmist aura here?! No, that’s not right. It’s not purple grandmist aura. If it’s purple grandmist aura, the grandmist energy in my body would not show such a big reaction.

Could it be.... Grandmist holy spiritual aura?