Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2457: Fire of Origin?

In a short few days, news of more than a dozen hidden forces, ancient races, and old holy grounds, reemerging into the world, was heard consecutively.

Apart from the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground and Holy Race, there were also the Reservoir Sword Holy Ground, South Desolate Holy Ground, Heaven Perishing Race, Ancient Dhyana Clan, and others.

Though the Reservoir Sword Holy Ground, South Desolate Holy Ground, Heaven Perishing Race, and Ancient Dhyana Clan’s overall strength and reputation were behind the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground and Holy Race, they were more than able to stand at the same heights as the Beast Tamer Holy Gate, and Black Inferno Race.

The whole Holy World was shocked after hearing that the old hidden races, and ancient holy grounds were appearing one after another.

Truthfully, even Huang Xiaolong was surprised that he had managed to stir out so many big fishes.

After his surprise and shock receded, bubbling excitement filled Huang Xiaolong’s chest.

Huang Xiaolong and Li Chen rarely agreed on one thing, but they did agree that the more people came, the better it was.

The second day of the challenge passed by.

The battle stage and its immediate surroundings were abnormally quiet. No one went up to challenge Huang Xiaolong. By this point, Duan Xuan, Shen Jiewen, Zhan Zhiyuan, and the others held back from taking any action, and merely stood vigilant. Of course, even if they wanted to send disciples up to challenge Huang Xiaolong, they were powerless to do so. Each of their forces did not have any more capable Third Tribulation half-True Saint Holy Princes.

If they sent out Third Tribulation half-True Saint disciples with average battle strength, it was no different than throwing away their lives in vain.

The third day also passed peacefully.

Huang Xiaolong remained cross-legged on the battle stage, adjusting his condition with his eyes closed.

The scorching sun had reached its highest point, but there was a puff of spiritual clouds above Huang Xiaolong’s head, shading him from the prickling heat. In truth, it was quite comfortable sitting where he was.

This false tranquility lasted over ten days straight.

Finally, a party that introduced himself as one of the Fallen Gods Race picked up Huang Xiaolong’s challenge.

“The Fallen Gods Race?” Wu Ge repeated, a frown formed over his forehead. This so-called Fallen Gods Race did not exist at all in his memory. Clearly, this group of people was lying.

“You really belong to the Fallen Gods Race?” Wu Ge questioned, and his gaze was piercingly sharp as he looked at the person who spoke, “As far as I know, no such race exists in the Holy World!”

The other side wore a mask, completely hiding his face. On top of that, this mask could actually block the probings of an expert of Wu Ge’s level. At the very least, this was a high-grade saint artifact.

The other party’s cultivation realm was also hidden by the mask, so that no one could see through his cultivation realm.

The person laughed, “The Holy World is so vast that even the four Holy Heavens’ four Primal Ancestors wouldn’t dare to say that they know every inch of the Holy World. The number of unknown ancient races and holy grounds are countless. Just because Grand Hall Master Wu Ge has not heard of our existence, that does not mean that the Fallen Gods Race does not exist.”

“Not to mention, didn’t Huang Xiaolong say, any force in the Holy World can challenge him? Is it important whether I am from the Fallen Gods Race?”

The corner of Huang Xiaolong’s mouth curved up into a smile, “That’s right, it is not important whether you’re from the Fallen Gods Race. May I ask where are the fifty disciples you are planning to send up for the battle challenge?”

The other side chuckled in triumph and then replied to Huang Xiaolong, “There is no hurry. Huang Xiaolong, let me confirm the rules again. Regardless of the method I use, as long as I defeat you, I can take away the grandmist holy spiritual aura, correct?”

Huang Xiaolong nodded and confirmed, “Correct.”

At Huang Xiaolong’s word, the man directly tore space with his hand, and a black space tunnel appeared. Subsequently, figures drilled out one after another from the torn space. There was not one more, and not one less, as there were exactly fifty people.

The majority of these fifty people were late-Third Tribulation half-True Saints, and almost half of their cultivation was at the peak late-Third Tribulation half-True Saint Realm!

This lineup gave Duan Xuan, Shen Jiewen, Zhan Zhiyuan, and the initial thirty-nine forces a shock. Even within forces like the Ancient Emperor Holy Ground, Beast Tamer Holy Gate, Black Inferno Race, they could not gather enough disciples of late-Third Tribulation and peak late-Third Tribulation half-True Saint to form a team of fifty people.

This self-proclaimed Fallen Gods Race actually has so many...?

Huang Xiaolong was just as surprised, but a second later, he sneered inwardly. He could see that the cultivation techniques these fifty Third Tribulation half-True Saint disciples practiced, were quite wide-ranging, without having any sense of belonging to the same source. It was not hard to reckon these fifty disciples did not come from the same ancient races or holy ground.

This was a big tell-tale clue that these fifty Third Tribulation half-True Saint disciples came from different forces, and they were recruited by the masked man to participate in the challenge. It was similar to how Li Chen had recruited Gu Xuanxu and others with heavy rewards.

Wu Ge and the others soon noticed this.

At the same time, Wu Ge also discovered that amongst the fifty disciples, there was someone with innate poisonous physique, and this was not the average poisonous physique. His brows furrowed deeper at this discovery. A True Saint Realm expert naturally had no fear of these poisonous physiques, but Huang Xiaolong was just a half-True Saint. It would be endless trouble if he was stained by these poisonous physiques’ toxins.

The masked man chuckled smugly and said to the fifty Third Tribulation half-True Saints, “Go on, treat His Highness Huang Xiaolong well. Remember, be a little more enthusiastic or others might say we’re impolite.” The fifty disciples loudly answered yes, and then leaped onto the battle stage. In a blur, the fifty people had encircled Huang Xiaolong.

Suddenly, one of them attacked Huang Xiaolong with his palm. The horrifying poisonous qi from the pal force turned into a river of black clouds, whistling towards Huang Xiaolong.

The other forty-nine disciples also struck out with their palms at Huang Xiaolong, and in an instant, attacks from every angle threatened to submerge Huang Xiaolong while sealing off all his escape paths.

Underneath the mask, the man’s lips curved into a mocking smile. In the last tens of thousands of years, he had been traveling the Holy World’s various perilous lands in search for innate poisonous physiques who had the qualifications of a Holy Prince. He had found three to four hundred such disciples, and through his nurturing for so many years, these disciples’ poisonous physique had reached a minor completion. Combined with the poisonous cultivation technique he had passed down to them, once a little bit of poisonous qi penetrated into the skin, even a Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint would be rendered helpless.

Huang Xiaolong, no matter how strong your physical defenses might be, I don’t believe you are completely immune to poisons!

All eyes were on Huang Xiaolong as the fifty disciples attacked him, and saw Huang Xiaolong directly meet with the attacks with his bare hands.

“No!” Upon seeing Huang Xiaolong’s action, Wu Ge yelled anxiously. He was afraid that Huang Xiaolong was unaware of the horrors of these innate poisonous physiques.

But this reminder came a second too late. Huang Xiaolong’s palms struck out several times rapidly, and he was so fast that others didn’t have time to react. In less than a breath’s time, he had collided with all fifty disciples.

The fifty people were sent flying almost at the same time by Huang Xiaolong, and they fell on the edge of the battle stage.

The masked man laughed delightedly instead, “Huang Xiaolong, don’t you know that they cannot be touched? Once you come into physical contact with them, even a Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint won’t be able to expel the poison he got from touching their bodies.”

In this short time, Huang Xiaolong’s palms had already turned ink black, and black qi was fast encroaching up his arms, towards his chest.

Blood drained from Lin Xiaoying’s face when she saw his palms.

Xie Yao excitedly spoke to Li Chen through voice transmission, laughing exuberantly, “Before the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground and Holy Race arrives, Huang Xiaolong’s already dead?! If I knew it was going to be so easy, I would have recruited Third Tribulation half-True Saint Holy Princes with innate poisonous physiques!”

But Li Chen watched on with doubt, and he slightly shook his head as he responded, “It won’t be so easy to defeat Huang Xiaolong.”

Although the poisons had entered Huang Xiaolong’s body, and had already reached his chest, Li Chen felt something was strange that he could not put his finger on it.

As expected, just as the poisons were about to cover the entirety of Huang Xiaolong’s torso, resplendent rays shone from his chest as the Azure Dragon, Black Tortoise, Vermilion Bird, and White Tiger, the four divine fires’ spirits flew out and incinerated the encroaching poisons.

The four divine fires’ spirits flew around Huang Xiaolong, and flames rose high into the air. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Everyone was dumbfounded.

“This, what is this divine fire?” Some experts in the crowd exclaimed in shock.

“Could it be the Fire of Origin?”