Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2481: Inextinguishable Dao Heart

“This… This… How can there be twenty waves?!” The Departing Sword Sage yelled in shock.

Their hearts went cold when they noticed the twentieth wave fluctuating in the skies. Even True Saints at their level weren’t confident of taking on the tribulation!

Even though they were only First Heavens True Saints, they felt threatened by the tribulation lightning that was about to fall on Huang Xiaolong! How was it even possible?!

One had to know that Huang Xiaolong was crossing the Fourth Tribulation of the half-True Saint Realm!

A tribulation of this level might not be surprising if Huang Xiaolong was trying to seize the Saint Fate to enter the True Saint Realm, but such a tribulation was unheard of in the half-True Saint Realm.

A look of disbelief was etched on their faces as they stared at the dark tribulation clouds in the sky.

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but reveal a helpless smile when he noticed the boundless wave of energy contained in the tribulation clouds above him. Were the heavens aware of his Dao Heart? The abnormally strong tribulation was probably because the heavens didn’t want Huang Xiaolong to form the Inextinguishable Dao Heart.

Initially, Huang Xiaolong hadn’t wished to use his three holy souls when trying to cross the tribulation. However, it seemed as though the heavens weren’t leaving him with a choice.

As the three saint godheads started to emit waves of holy light, three phantoms appeared behind him. Golden light poured out of his body and filled the skies in an instant.

Seemingly able to feel Huang Xiaolong’s challenge, the tribulation clouds emitted another wave of lightning as another bolt of lightning fell together with the twentieth wave. The newly formed lightning bolt felt even stronger than the previous waves!

The Departing Sword Sage widened his eyes in disbelief.

This… This doesn’t make sense!

How can two lightning bolts fall at the same time?!

They felt that the twentieth bolt had already surpassed their expectations, but their minds blanked when two waves fell simultaneously.

The Departing Sword Sage and the others felt their jaws dropping in disbelief.

Even with his three holy souls, Huang Xiaolong didn’t dare to lose his focus. In an instant, he unleashed a holy martial art.

“Prosperity the Dragons!”

Countless heavenly dragons formed and a kingdom was formed in an instant. Dragon roars pierced through the heavens.

“Epoch of Darkness!”

Darkness energy seemed to transcend the ages and frigid qi swirled around Huang Xiaolong in a protective screen.

“Nirvana Purity!”

Bodhisattvas, Golden Buddhas, and divine beings filled the skies as the fluctuations disrupted the space in the Holy World.

Even though the Nirvana Purity Holy Art wasn’t a dao art created by the founder of Buddhism, it was one of the strongest holy martial arts in the Holy Heavens.

With two dao arts and one peak-level holy martial art, Huang Xiaolong challenged the holy tribulations!

Boom!

The twentieth and twenty-first bolts were blocked by Huang Xiaolong’s defenses, and lightning bolts were blown apart again and again.

With the combination of the terrifying secret arts he had, the energy contained in the three supreme attacks transcended the holy tribulations. After destroying both lightning bolts, Huang Xiaolong continued on and pierced a massive holy through the dark tribulation clouds.

When the True Saints saw how Huang Xiaolong managed to blow a hole through the tribulation clouds, they heaved a sigh of relief.

However, they didn’t shift their gaze as they wondered about the possibility of a twenty second wave.

Under their bated breaths, the hole that Huang Xiaolong pierced through the clouds slowly started to expand. The clouds eventually disappeared and the gloomy clouds that filled the skies were no more. Rays of sunlight pierced through the darkness and returned light to the lands.

The True Saints were finally able to relax when they saw that Huang Xiaolong had successfully crossed the tribulation.

Huang Xiaolong exhaled a long breath as he retrieved his three holy souls. He sat down cross-legged and started to circulate the Grandmist Parasitic Medium as he refined the energy contained in the fourth tribulation.

Very quickly, a glow surrounded his body as seven-colored light emerged from the Heart of Hell. Despite its resplendence, Huang Xiaolong was the only one who could see the lightning around the Heart of Hell.

Two months passed in the blink of an eye.

Along with the Heart of Hell’s transformation, a thumping sound filled the All Extinguishing Holy Grounds. Yu Ming and the others were dragged into a mysterious slumber.

Even after one entire year, Huang Xiaolong was trying to digest the energy contained in the fourth tribulation.

Countless months passed and Huang Xiaolong was vaguely transported into a different land.

As he looked around him, Huang Xiaolong felt as though he was transported out of the Holy World. There wasn’t a creature in sight, and the only thing surrounding him was the grand dao.

The grand dao filled the space around him, and it seemed to have integrated itself into the space he stood in. Even though Huang Xiaolong could feel the presence of the grand dao, he failed to come into contact with it.

Finally adapting to his surroundings, Huang Xiaolong noticed that the holy spiritual qi around him was the purest he had ever seen. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Where in the world am I?

Huang Xiaolong’s mind started to spin and a terrifying thought appeared in his head.

Could he have arrived in the heart of the Holy World?! This has to be it!

Huang Xiaolong had heard the legends of how the Inextinguishable Dao Heart of a Primal Ancestor could communicate with the heart of the Holy World, and every Primal Ancestor would be able to absorb the holy spiritual qi contained in the space to advance their cultivation.

The purity of the holy spiritual qi contained in the heart of the Holy World was god-knows how many times purer than the stuff he absorbed in the past.

Rejoicing in his heart, Huang Xiaolong realized that the transformation of the Heart of Hell was complete.&nbsp;

Checking up on the condition in his body, Huang Xiaolong realized that the Heart of Hell was nowhere to be found. After its transformation, the Heart of Hell was no longer a physical entity. Only the grand dao was left as it filled the space once occupied by the Heart of Hell. Upon staring at the traces of grand dao, Huang Xiaolong felt as though it was a copy of the space located in the heart of the Holy World.

Was this the Inextinguishable Dao Heart?!

It was the existence that transcended everything! Nothing would ever be able to destroy it!

In the past, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t able to understand the reason behind the Dao Heart’s properties. However, he finally realized that the Inextinguishable Dao Heart was a miniature form of the Holy World’s core. It was formed from the grand dao and there was nothing capable of destroying the grand dao!

As long as the core of the Holy World was intact, Huang Xiaolong’s Inextinguishable Dao Heart would live on endlessly! It was basically a child of the Holy World’s core!

The relationship between the core of the Holy World and the Dao Heart was like the relationship between Huang Xiaolong’s head and his body.

As he attempted to reach out to the Holy World’s core with the Dao Heart, a terrifying wave of holy spiritual qi entered his body in an instant.

A look of joy flashed in his eyes.&nbsp;

In the future, his cultivation speed would only increase exponentially with the assistance of the pure holy spiritual energy from the core of the world… There would no longer be a need to be afraid that he would fail to seize the Saint Fate.

Moreover, with the Dao Heart, he could finally refine the holy souls of Zhuoyuan, Yu Jizhang, Lu Ding, Song Cheng, and the others.

“Your Highness!” Yu Ming and the others flew towards Huang Xiaolong to congratulate him when they noticed that the fluctuations around him were gone.