Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 252: Eye Of Hell

Before the words finished, Lin Yu’s body swayed and fell the floor. When he tumbled, his eyes were wide in disbelief! Until the very end of his life, he couldn’t imagine what confidence Huang Xiaolong had to actually kill him in Black Demon City.

“Third Senior Brother!”

“Third Senior Brother!!”

Gao Qing and Qu Honggang looked on dumbly as Lin Yu’s body crashed to the floor. But the time they shook off the shock stiffening them, both had an ugly expression on their faces as they dashed to Lin Yu’s side, crying out to him.

Regardless how many times they cried out, there was no reaction from Lin Yu.

From another spot, Huang Xiaolong slowly walked towards them, causing them to stumble backward in fright.

After the little ambush earlier, both knew very well that they were powerless to escape Huang Xiaolong’s clutches.

“Why aren’t the two of you kneeling down, submitting to Young Lord?!” Du Xin and Deng Guangliang stepped out at this moment, ordering Gao Qing and Wu Honggang.

Hesitation and fear flashed back and forth on Gao Qing and Wu Honggang’s faces. Did they really have no other choice but to surrender to this black-haired young man?!

But, the consequences of betraying the Sky Magi Sect were...!

On the other hand, if they didn’t submit, it was certain death. Involuntarily, their eyes swayed towards Lin Yu’s cold body on the floor not far away. Both struggled internally.

Huang Xiaolong waited patiently for their final decision, in no rush at all.

“Fine, I agree to submit to you, serving you as my master!” Not long later, Gao Qing spoke with a slight hesitation. In the end, he chose to submit to Huang Xiaolong, he chose to live.

Wu Honggang watched as Gao Qing submitted, his weak resolution faltered. Sighing quietly in his heart, he spoke the same words: “I’m willing to surrender too.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded, satisfied with the results.

No one person was willing to die. Before the choice of life and death, in ten thousand people, nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine people would choose to submit, compromise, or surrender.

“Open up your soul sea, I will brand a soul mark inside.” Huang Xiaolong stated matter-of-factly..

“Brand a soul mark!” Gao Qing and Wu Honggang were shocked and fearful.

A technique like branding someone’s soul, Gao Qing and Wu Honggang had only heard about it in passing. Inexplicably, their eyes turned towards Du Xin and Deng Guangliang, at this moment, they finally understood why their Senior Brothers were serving Huang Xiaolong so willingly.

“Correct, I also branded their soul seas with a soul mark.” Noticing their expressions, Huang Xiaolong said, and his words confirmed their suspicions.

Once again, Gao Qing and Wu Honggang struggled with doubt and hesitation.

In the beginning, Gao Qing and Wu Honggang held the same thoughts that Du Xin and Deng Guangliang initially had. First pretend to submit to Huang Xiaolong and then look for an opportunity later to deal with him. If they were branded with a soul mark, their lives would be controlled by Huang Xiaolong at all times. At that time, they would have no other choice than to serve Huang Xiaolong willingly.

Despite many thoughts swirling in their mind, in the end, both Gao Qing and Wu Honggang lowered their spiritual defense and opened up their soul seas. When the two released the barriers protecting their soul seas in front of Huang Xiaolong, combining the Soul Mandate and the Ancient Puppetry Arts, Huang Xiaolong marked their souls.

At this stage, both Gao Qing and Wu Honggang were fully under Huang Xiaolong’s control. When it ended, Huang Xiaolong was secretly relieved. If all three of them refused to submit, he had no choice but to kill all three of them. This was not the result he wanted.

After branding their soul seas, Huang Xiaolong gave each of them a grade six spirit pellet. Seeing the grade six spirit pellets in their palms, Gao Qing and Wu Honggang were so excited, quickly kowtowing in gratitude.

Instructing the four to deal with Lin Yu’s corpse and some other matters, he told Gao Qing and Wu Honggang to return, everything was as if.

It seems I must speed up the plan. Huang Xiaolong thought to himself.

Huang Xiaolong told Gao Qing and Wu Honggang to create a smoke screen with Lin Yu’s death, telling outsiders that Lin Yu went out on a mission, and probably won’t be coming back in the short one two months’ time. This way, Chen Xiaotian wouldn’t feel suspicious for the time being, but if the time dragged on too long, it would be inevitable for Chen Xiaotian to notice something was amiss.

Therefore, Huang Xiaolong had to control the other Sky Magi Sect Elders within these two months, including Geng Ken!

By then, even if Chen Xiaotian became suspicious, the foundation of his plan would have already been laid. Chen Xiaotian alone wouldn’t be able to flip any big waves.

Subsequently, Huang Xiaolong entered Godly Mt. Xumi to restore his depleted spiritual force while cultivating the Godly Xumi Art, Asura Tactics, and the Body Metamorphose Scripture.

Five days later, Huang Xiaolong’s spiritual force returned to its peak condition. Then came Huang Xiaolong’s instructions for Du Xin and Deng Guangliang to hold another banquet, inviting the Elders of Sky Magi Sect.

Du Xin and Deng Guangliang were Chen Xiaotian’s eldest disciple and second disciple, therefore, in Sky Magi Sect, both had an esteemed standing. Their invitation was received and face was given as the Elders came to attend the banquet.

Their invitation did not arouse other Elders’ suspicion. However, Huang Xiaolong limited the number to three people for every invitation.

Relying on the strength of his current spiritual force, Huang Xiaolong could only brand a soul mark onto three people at the same time.

Twenty days later, including the four peopleㄧDu Xin, Deng Guangliang, Gao Qing, and Wu Honggang, Huang Xiaolong had successfully branded eighteen of the Sky Magi Sect’s Elders. All in all, the Sky Magi Sect had twenty-four Elders, with eighteen submitted to him, Huang Xiaolong controlled a big portion of the sect, as only six remained.

Another ten days and I can fully have all the Elders under my control. Huang Xiaolong calculated in his mind.

At this point, the overall situation had basically come to a conclusion.

...

In the north side of Black Demon City stood a grand manor structure many times bigger than Du Xin and Deng Guangliang’s mansion. Its four walls were the color of blazing fire red, numerous huge blossoms of fire-red flowers bloomed on the ground.

Inside the manor’s great hall sat a small old man wearing a luxurious brocade garb the color of burning ember. This little old man was none other than Sky Magi Sect’s Grand Elder, Geng Ken. A very ordinary looking, dwarf-sized old man.

“You’re saying recently, every three to five days, Du Xin and Deng Guangliang would hold a banquet and invite three of our sect’s elders?” Geng Ken asked the Sky Magi Sect Elder, Wang Jing, beside him.

“Yes, that’s right Grand Elder.” Wang Jing affirmed respectfully.

Geng Ken’s brows creased together, “What is their goal doing so?”

Wang Jing laughed, “In another two months is the day our Sky Magi Sect select the representative to enter the Magi Mausoleum. In my opinion, both of them are just trying to woo some support, hoping to gain some help at that time. What tricks could they have up their sleeves?”

Geng Ken shook his head, “I have this nagging feeling that it’s not so simple. Try to find out more, what did these two talked about with the elders they invited.”

“Yes, Grand Elder!” Wang Jing acknowledged with utmost respect.

“Du Xin and Deng Guangliang already invited eighteen people, there are six remaining,” Geng Ke’s voice sounded solemn, “If I’m not mistaken, five days later, they will invite another three people. When they do, you must report to me.”

“Grand Elder, you’re planning to?” Wang Jing ventured cautiously.

A sharp light glinted in Geng Ken’s eyes, “I want to make a trip and confirm what exactly is going on.”

Five days passed quickly.

Huang Xiaolong exited the Godly Mt. Xumi. His recent period of cultivation had considerably strengthened Huang Xiaolong’s spiritual force.

On top of that, Huang Xiaolong’s Asura Tactics finally broke through to the fourth stage. Coming out from the Godly Mt. Xumi’s space, Huang Xiaolong initiated the Asura qi and in the middle of his forehead suddenly appeared a vertical slit, revealing an eye a color of the brightest blood-red.

The Eye of Hell! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Huang Xiaolong surveyed the surroundings with this new eye and everything within the mansion was clearly reflected within it.

Even the scene behind a dozen stone walls entered his eye clearly.