Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2524: Fifth Tribulation Half-True Saint!

There were only two years left before the opening of the Cangqiong Holy Manor! According to Huang Xiaolong’s estimates, he would need a year to enter the Fifth Tribulation half-True Saint Realm. After taking into account the time he needed to return to the Holy Heavens, it seemed as though his timing would be perfect.

After summoning the Flying Heavens Blood Stele again, Huang Xiaolong toyed with it in his hands.

Flashes of blood-red light swirled on its surface.

After swallowing the blood essence of the five True Saints, the color on it had turned several shades deeper.

Even though the Flying Heaven Blood Stele wasn’t a dao artifact, Huang Xiaolong was confident of turning it into one after it absorbed enough blood essence. With the help of his Inextinguishable Dao Heart, it was more than possible to accomplish such a feat.

Of course, only the blood essence of True Saint Realm experts would be of use.

It also went without saying that the stronger the individual was, the more effective their blood essence would be.

For it to transform into a dao artifact, Huang Xiaolong would have to devour the blood essence of several hundred thousand True Saint Realm experts.

That was also the reason dao artifacts were rare in the Holy World.

If it wasn’t so difficult to make a single dao artifact, there would be tons of them lying about in the Holy World!

The more he thought about it, the more difficult it was to turn it into a dao artifact. No longer dwelling over its transformation, Huang Xiaolong cared more about increasing the strength of the Flying Heaven Blood Stele. After all, it would become stronger every time it devoured the blood essence of a True Saint Realm expert.

He pondered over the strength of the blood stele as he continued on his way to the All Extinguishing Holy Grounds. Along the way, nothing noteworthy happened.

Since there was nothing to worry about, Huang Xiaolong took out the holy souls of the several True Saints he had killed previously, and refined them all.

At the same time, he swallowed the Star Transferring Holy Pills as he cultivated.

Since he was about to undergo the fifth tribulation, Huang Xiaolong took the chance to consolidate his foundation to purify the energy in his body.

The only time he stopped along the way was when they passed by the Emperor Yu Holy Grounds.

In the past, Di Huai had brought him over to the Emperor Yu Holy Grounds as they were heading to the Holy Heavens. When he had arrived in the past, he had only barely started the transformation of his holy souls. When Huang Xiaolong thought about Holy Emperor Yu, a sense of melancholy filled his heart.

Holy Emperor Yu was obviously dissatisfied with him when they had arrived previously. However, everything was different when he stepped into the Emperor Yu Holy Gate this time. Holy Emperor Yu was extremely respectful, and it felt as though he was greeting the embodiment of the four Primal Ancestors instead of Di Huai’s junior.

Before he left, Huang Xiaolong left behind a thousand high-grade origin spiritual pills. He even handed a Star Transferring Holy Pill over to Emperor Yu. The Holy Emperor was so touched that he fell to his knees to thank Huang Xiaolong.

Under their unwilling gaze, Huang Xiaolong brought Di Huai back to the holy ship as they left for the All Extinguishing Holy Grounds.

By the time he arrived, two entire months had passed.

After returning to the mountain valley he had achieved his breakthrough in the past, Huang Xiaolong no longer suppressed his cultivation. Tribulation clouds gathered in the sky instantly as lightning dragons swirled around.

Terrifying pressure slammed down on the lands and the various True Saints retreated hastily.

When Huang Xiaolong had entered the Fourth Tribulation half-True Saint Realm previously, his tribulation was comparable to someone entering the True Saint Realm. When they thought about the might of the tribulation this time, the various True Saints felt their scalps going numb.

Whatever the case, they couldn’t deny that they had managed to obtain various insights when they had observed Huang Xiaolong’s tribulation the past few times. Their cultivation bases had advanced quite a bit after observing his breakthrough.

The lightning in the clouds gathered for one entire day before the tribulation was ready to strike.

When they saw the lighting dragon that was one fold stronger than the one during his fourth tribulation, the Departing Sword Sage felt his body going cold.

The Departing Sword Sage and the others were considered veterans when it came to Huang Xiaolong’s breakthrough. However, as it was Di Huai’s first time watching his breakthrough, Di Huai nearly went crazy.

One day later, the lightning dragon in the skies finally fell.

The lightning rain that fell from the clouds wanted nothing more than to devour Huang Xiaolong.

…

One hour later, the tribulation cloud finally dissipated.

When they looked over, the ground had already been blasted to oblivion.

When Huang Xiaolong crossed his fourth tribulation, there were a total of twenty one waves. The twentieth wave fell alongside the twenty-first, forming a horrifying lightning bolt. This time, the tribulation lasted for an entire hour and lightning fell on Huang Xiaolong without end!

No one could count the number of waves that fell, but they knew that there were at least a hundred waves. At the end, more than ten waves fell simultaneously.

The lightning bolts that fell at the end of the tribulation lit up the entire holy grounds.

When the True Saints thought about the destructive might contained in the final waves, their hearts skipped a beat.

Whatever the case, the tribulation was over.

After looking at the dissipating clouds, Chen Zhi and the others wiped off the cold sweat gathering on their foreheads.

As for Huang Xiaolong, he sat down on the spot as he quickly digested the energy stored in the tribulation.

One year passed just like that.

As holy light poured out from Huang Xiaolong’s body, he seemed to turn into a mini sun that radiated holy energy.

The Heart of Hell pounded in his chest as it released rays of resplendent light.

His holy souls appeared as they hovered in the space above him.

The spirits of the four divine flames appeared around Huang Xiaolong all of a sudden as holy might pierced through the heavens. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

As the aura around Huang Xiaolong became stronger and stronger, the various True Saints started to feel threatened. Even Di Huai, who was already at the Second Heaven True Saint Realm, took several steps back.

One more year passed and Huang Xiaolong continued to refine his newfound energy.

Chen Zhi and the others started to panic when they saw that Huang Xiaolong wasn’t done.

“It’s been two whole years and His Highness isn’t done yet! The Cangqiong Holy Manor is going to open in several months, and if he doesn’t awaken, he’ll miss the opportunity to enter!” Yu Ming screamed.

“What do we do?! We can’t interrupt his cultivation!” The Departing Sword Sage started to panic.

Since Huang Xiaolong hadn’t fully digested the grand dao and the energy contained in the fifth tribulation, he would suffer from a severe backlash if they forcefully awakened him.

The True Saints around him weren’t the only ones who panicked. In the Holy Heavens, the four Primal Ancestors were getting anxious. After all, the Cangqiong Holy Manor would only be open for a day. As soon as the gates closed, there wouldn’t be a chance for Huang Xiaolong to enter!

“This brat does this every time!” Tyrant Chu frowned.

“Did anything happen to him?” Elder Crow felt a little worried in his heart.

Despite their efforts to contact Huang Xiaolong, none of them received a reply.

The Heavenly Master shook his head. “Nothing should happen to him. He probably ran into something troublesome…” He had given Huang Xiaolong a protective talisman in the past. If anything happened to the kid, he would be able to notice immediately.

After calling for Grand Hall Master Wu Ge, the Heavenly Master passed down an order to use everything the Holy Heavens had to locate Huang Xiaolong.

The news of his disappearance quickly made its way to Li Chen and the others.

Xia Yao was the first to rejoice. “This is great! Little doggy Huang actually chose this time to disappear! Hahaha! If he doesn’t return in two months, he won’t be able to enter the Cangqiong Holy Manor!”

The look in Li Chen’s eyes turned a little darker. “I really hope he returns…”

Xie Yao was shocked at Li Chen’s response.

“As long as he returns, we’ll be able to kill him off in the Cangqiong Holy Manor!” Lin Yijia’s eyes flashed with a frosty light.