Chapter 2527: One Move is Enough!

Tan Juan, Xie Bufan, and Li Chen practically shot through the entrance at the same time.

Soon after, ji Xinyi, Sai Qian, and several others followed them.

Huang Xiaolong was beside Lin Xiaoying as they entered the Cangqiong Holy Manor behind Ji Xinyi.

Everyone knew that the person who arrived at the sixth floor first would have the highest chance of locating the key to the seventh floor, which was the reason for the rush.

Whatever the case, the restrictions in the first three floors would prove to be a significant barrier to those who charged through. Only after the fourth floor would they be able to obtain the treasures in the palace.

Of course, the higher they went, the better the items would be.

There were level-ten origin spiritual pills lying about everywhere in the fifth floor. It was also where the holy martial arts and holy arts would start to appear.

All the techniques were obtained by the Cangqiong Old Man when he had journeyed around the world in the past. Even though they weren’t high-level techniques, they definitely possessed formidable might.

When they finally reached the sixth floor, they would finally be able to obtain holy herbs. Of course, there were also high-level holy martial arts there. Those were the true insights of the Cangqiong Old Man before he had entered the Primal Ancestor Realm.

Dao artifacts were also present on the sixth floor. If the holy herbs and holy arts were merely appetizers, the dao artifacts were the main dish. As for the level of the dao artifact one could stumble across, it would be based on their luck.

When one entered the seventh floor, they would be able to accept the old man’s inheritance! Along with the Cangqiong seed he had obtained during the creation of the Holy World there was also Cangqiong Old Man’s dao artifact, the Cangqiong Blade.

One could say that no one would bother fighting in the first three floors. Right now, the most important thing was to enter the fourth level!

Even though peacefully entering the fourth floor was what most people would do, there were obviously people who wanted to mess with Huang Xiaolong. The moment he entered the first floor, several disciples swarmed him.

It was true that Huang Xiaolong had offended a huge amount of powers in the past few years. He had killed tons of experts during the battle in the Mirage Pavilion alone, and a ton of people were looking to kill him in the Cangqiong Holy Manor.

Regardless, none of them wanted to get into an actual fight with Huang Xiaolong. Most of them only wanted to obstruct him and cause him to lose his chance to enter the seventh floor.

Those, who ambushed Huang Xiaolong to waste his time, were those from the various powers he had offended. The Devil Palace, the Ghost Talisman Holy Grounds, and several others were more than happy to mess with Huang Xiaolong.

After learning of their intentions, Huang Xiaolong no longer bothered with their antics. He avoided them and continued on his way.

However, that only emboldened them. As they continued to mess with Huang Xiaolong, the thought of killing him appeared in their minds.

With a fire burning in his heart, Huang Xiaolong set his sights on someone called Qu Zhang from the Ghost Talisman Holy Gate.

Qu Zhang was no weakling. As a First Heaven True Saint, he had ranked 80th in the trial. He was Huang Xiaolong’s biggest source of irritation as soon as they entered.

Qu Zhang was shocked when he noticed Huang Xiaolong glare at him. The mocking look on his face turned into one of actual fear as he retreated as far as he could. When he thought that he was safe, the same sh*t eating smile appeared on his face once again. “Huang Xiaolong, are you planning to move against me?”

A black colored armor covered his body in an instant. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

A massive evil ghost formation formed around his armor, locking down the space around him.

“Let me tell you right now! This is the holy artifact from our holy gate! It’s the Dark Ghost Armor, and you’ll need several days to actually break through my defense!” Qu Zhang roared with laughter as he looked at Huang Xiaolong. The armor was the only reason he dared to mess with Huang Xiaolong.

According to him, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t capable of shattering his armor even if he had a holy soul.

“Several days? There’s no need for that. I’ll destroy it with a single move.” A sneer formed on Huang Xiaolong’s lips as he extended his right hand. The Flying Heaven Blood Stele shot towards Qu Zhang instantly.

In an instant, a sea of blood filled the skies, and the suffocating pressure swallowed Qu Zhang.

Boom!

Qu Zhang wasn’t even able to react when he was crushed by the blood stele.

With the sounds of shattering bone, the ghost qi in the air scattered and terrifying cracks appeared on his armor.

After piercing through his chest, the blood stele emerged from his back.

With a miserable yell, Qu Zhang was sent flying. By the time he landed on the ground, his body had already withered. His holy soul tried to beat a hasty escape from his already wasted body.

As soon as it appeared, Huang Xiaolong sealed it up, and threw him into the Black Corpse Holy Ring.

He had long since gotten used to killing True Saints.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t waste the armor. Even if it was shattered, it would be worth some money. After thinking for a moment, he threw the shards into the Black Corpse Ring. If he was lucky, he would be able to exchange several strands of holy herbs for it.

A holy artifact was extremely precious, much less one held by the Ghost Talisman Holy Gate. Even if it was broken, Huang Xiaolong was confident it was worth more than a stalk of holy herb.

After he was done, Huang Xiaolong swept his gaze across those present. “Anyone else?”

He was met with absolute silence as the disciples, who had messed with him, trembled in their boots.

Even someone like Qu Zhang was killed by Huang Xiaolong with a single blow! How could any of them plan to mess with Huang Xiaolong?

Wouldn’t that mean that they were tired of living?!

“Let’s go,” Huang Xiaolong spoke to Lin Xiaoying, and they headed deeper into the palace.

Since it was inconvenient to use the holy ship to traverse through the first three floors, Huang Xiaolong and the others could only rely on themselves.

Half a day later…

Huang Xiaolong entered a region of deep fog.

Initially, he traveled along with Lin Xiaoying. However, they parted because of the various restrictions they ran into.

Huang Xiaolong discovered that he wasn’t able to shatter the illusions around him with his holy souls. The illusions in the Cangqiong Holy Manor were on a whole other level. They were formed with the grand dao laws and one needed to comprehend the grand dao in order to shatter the illusions!

Even though it might stop others, it was a piece of cake as long as Huang Xiaolong used his Inextinguishable Dao Heart!