Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 255: No Medicine for Regret

Geng Ken’s battle qi momentum exploded, a bright light flashed behind him, revealing a giant hammer!

A top grade ten martial spiritーHeaven Splitting Hammer!

When the Thunderbolt Hammer appeared, the hammer head rotated rapidly, issuing a whistling hum as it hovered behind Geng Ken, raising palpitations that clouted the listener’s heart.

Geng Ken immediately soul transformed after summoning his martial spirit, fusing with his martial spirit as one entity. The originally dwarf-sized old man Geng Ken more than doubled in size after soul transforming. He was covered in shining silver, as if he had put on silver-armored battle gear. His arms became muscular and thick, akin to the sturdy handle of a hammer, clenched fists intimidating, like iron hammers.

Geng Ken bellowed and launched an attack onto the young man without the slightest hesitation. Figure blurring, instantaneously reappearing in front of Huang Xiaolong. A steely fist punched out.

“Little punk, die!” Old man Geng Keng’s eyes shone with brutality.

With his keen eyes, Geng Ken judged the young man to be quite a powerful opponent despite only being a Xiantian Sixth Order. Hence, he soul transformed immediately after summoning his martial spirit and took the initiative advantage by attacking first.

Du Xin and Deng Guangliang were alarmed and wanted to rush out, but Huang Xiaolong’s voice halted their actions, “No need, retreat to the side and keep an eye on those two!”

Although stunned, both of them replied respectfully and retreated to the side, blocking the escape route to prevent the two Sky Magi Sect Elders to make a run for it.

Huang Xiaolong stood where he was. Watching the opponent’s fist close in, he sneered. Without dodging, Huang Xiaolong clenched his hand into a fist, bright battle qi dazzled as he struck out his fist, colliding with the enemy’s attack in the most direct manner.

Seeing a measly Sixth Order like Huang Xiaolong daring to compete in fist power with his steel fist, Geng Ken’s heart exploded with joy. Though he was only a peak mid-Seventh Order, the Heaven Splitting Hammer’s steel body fused with his fists after he soul transformed. Now, his fists were like the hardest steel, not even a late-Xiantian Seventh Order expert would dare risk a direct collision.

In his view, Huang Xiaolong was courting death faster by doing so!

Under the tensed focus of others, two fists collided into each other. Like the screeching of metals, a sharp ‘clang!’ echoed in the air.

Geng Ken’s body was pushed backward, leaving more than twenty ten-inch deep footprints on the marmoreal floor. Fissures snaked across the surface as large cracks appeared.

Huang Xiaolong was repelled from the force, retreating more than twenty steps, but the difference between him and Geng Ken was the light footprints he made. There were no cracks or fissures on the floor surface resulting from Huang Xiaolong’s retreat.

“Ah?!” Seeing the result, shock was evident on both Sky Magi Sect Elders. However, Du Xin and Deng Guangliang were feeling the same.

Both were aware that Huang Xiaolong was strong, yet it never crossed their mind that Huang Xiaolong’s strength could dominate, albeit marginally, over the Sky Magi Sect’s Grand Elder Geng Ken.

A peak mid-Sixth Order warrior had the upper advantage against a peak mid-Seventh Order warrior, this was too monstrous! At least, the four people present in the hall, even with their positions as the Sky Magi Sect’s Elders, had never come across anything like this before!

Still, the shock they were experiencing was nothing compared to Geng Ken’s.

In that collision just now, he understood the most the extent of the young man’s terror.

His fists were as hard as steel after the soul transformation, but in that collision earlier, it felt like his steel fist slammed into a wall of fine iron that was several folds sturdier.

While others were still caught in shock, Huang Xiaolong steadied himself and his eyes locked onto Geng Ken. Though he was strong, the exchange cemented Huang Xiaolong’s confidence in reigning in old man Geng Ken.

If Geng Ken’s cultivation was just a little bit higher, a late-Seventh Order, then Huang Xiaolong might have to give up on the idea.

The time spent on practicing the Godly Mt. Xumi Art is still too little. Huang Xiaolong thought to himself. Despite cultivating the Godly Mt. Xumi Art for only a little while, it had greatly enhanced both his physical defense and flesh’s toughness that it was comparable to fine iron, but he was far from achieving major completion.

Otherwise, Huang Xiaolong could’ve broken Geng Ken’s arm with the shockwave. As for Geng Ken’s fist, it would be nothing more than exploded pieces of flesh.

Huang Xiaolong strolled towards Geng Ken. With every step, his aura changed as he activated the Asura Physique, majestic ebony Wings of Demon erupted on Huang Xiaolong’s back, visible dark red energy twisting and winding around his body. Lastly, Huang Xiaolong’s hair flew up, turning pure white from the scalp down to the ends.

Witnessing Huang Xiaolong’s physical transformation, the increase in momentum and the heavy aura of slaughter emanating vibrantly, Geng Keng and the two Sky Magi Sect Elders were shaken inwardly.

Before the aura of slaughter coming from Huang Xiaolong, Geng Ken’s heart gave birth to a strong fear, stumbling backward constantly. At this moment, he regretted. Regretted following Du Xin and Deng Guangliang here.

Deep down, he realized there would be no escape today.

Pushed to the corner, Geng Ken raged, his whole body spun. Resplendent images of a steel hammer shot out from Geng Ken’s body as his atmosphere rose to the peak, more overwhelming than before.

Everyone present knew Geng Ken was desperate.

And sure enough, Geng Ken suddenly rammed towards Huang Xiaolong.

As Geng Ken continued vehemently to knock against Huang Xiaolong, the rotation speed of his body multiplied, as if he was turning into a giant version of a hammer. As he spun, a crushing pressure descended on the hall like a downburst, giving the illusion in Du Xin, Deng Guangliang, and the two Elders’ perception that space and void itself were distorted from the pressure.

This was Geng Ken’s innate martial spirit ability, Hammer Body.

Fully fusing his body with his martial spirit, turning into hammer form, at high-speed rotation it created a terrifying force, crushing everything under it.

Unfortunately, he met Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong scoffed, both palms lashed out, multiple bright golden rings flew out, whistling through space. In the places where these golden rings flew by, all things halted.

Including Geng Ken!

Geng Ken froze in midair, the turbulent wind created from his spinning vanished, everything returning to its previous calm.

Huang Xiaolong leaped up into the air, landing a punch on Geng Ken’s chest.

Geng Ken crashed to the floor with a miserable scream.

The crash jarred Du Xin and Deng Guangliang back to the present; everything ended so fast?!

“You, just now, what battle skill was that?!” Spitting out blood from his mouth, Geng Ken clutched at his chest as he stared at Huang Xiaolong, frightened.

It actually stopped ...everything! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was a Saint realm expert’s ability to manipulate the laws of space.

But Huang Xiaolong wasn’t a Saint realm warrior. With this battle skill, one could very well be invincible below the Saint realm!

Geng Ken wasn’t the only one having this thought run through his mind.

In fact, even though the God Binding Palm might be heaven-defying, it wasn’t as invincible as Geng Ken and the others thought it was. For instance, if the opponent’s strength far exceeded Huang Xiaolong, then the God Binding Palm would have minimal effect on them.

Standing in front of Geng Ken, Huang Xiaolong asked, “Now, do you still want the position of Black Demon City’s Castellan?”

Geng Ken’s face warped, only now did he understand how ignorant and ridiculous his proposal was.

Without waiting for Geng Ken’s reply, Huang Xiaolong looked over to the two Sky Magi Sect Elder.

Huang Xiaolong’s action made them go weak at the knees, falling to a kneeling position, kowtowing and begging Huang Xiaolong to spare them.

“Young Lord, spare us! Don’t kill us, we were wrong, we’re the wrong ones!”

“Don’t kill you, you were wrong?” Icy gaze fell on him.

Huang Xiaolong raised his hand and pointed a finger in the void, finger imprints pierced through the middle of the two Elders’ foreheads.

Two lifeless bodies slumped to the floor.

“In this world, there exists no such thing as medicine for regret. Chance, I had given you one.” Huang Xiaolong stated to no one in particular before turning back to Geng Ken.