Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2555: Backlash!

Just thinking about Saint Fates gave a person heart palpitations. In the Holy World's long history, never had twelve high-order Saint Fates appear at the same time, and never had anyone imagined that someone was going to integrate twelve Saint Fates!

On top of that, these twelve Saint Fates were all high-order!

In the beginning, though everyone was shocked when Huang Xiaolong revealed that he was integrating with three high-order Saint Fates, and it was barely acceptable. But when Huang Xiaolong proceeded to integrate with six Saint Fates, it was already stretching everyone's preconceived notion where people even thought that Huang Xiaolong's action was ludicrous, and he had gone mad!

When Huang Xiaolong was integrating with nine Saint Fates, no one had any confidence in him at all, and they felt certain that Huang Xiaolong would suffer a backlash and fail. They had gloated in advance.

But Huang Xiaolong had succeeded! Now Huang Xiaolong was going to increase the number to twelve, rendering everyone speechless. No words could do justice to the incredible shock they were feeling.

Deep down, everyone knew that once Huang Xiaolong succeeded in integrating twelve Saint Fates, even Primal Ancestors couldn't stand in his way!

Huang Xiaolong was already standing at the pinnacle of the Holy World!

On the other hand, if Huang Xiaolong failed, then…!

While everyone was still caught in their indescribable shock, Huang Xiaolong had started to absorb the three high-order Saint Fates into his body and begun integrating them.

Different from the first two times Huang Xiaolong had integrated Saint Fates, the holy lights shining on his three holy souls flickered violently as they were extremely unstable. This time, Huang Xiaolong felt pain all over his body.

These were clearly signs of a backlash.

Everyone watched in stunned gazes.

After seeing this, Gui Buwang laughed triumphantly with borderline madness, "Backlash! Backlash! Huang Xiaolong is finally suffering from backlash, he's so dead!"

He could dance with joy right now as he was elated. He was feeling over the moon, and he was more excited than getting a dao artifact! 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The Devil Palace's experts were also cheering in joy.

"Huang Xiaolong is too greedy, this is simply wonderful! With the backlash from twelve high-order Saint Fates, Huang Xiaolong’s body will explode from its chaotic energy, and he will be reduced to dust even if he has holy souls!" one of the Devil Palace's experts cackled.

"This is called ‘you won't die if you don't go seeking death.’ He has already integrated with nine high-order Saint Fates, yet he still isn't content, and he wants to integrate with twelve Saint Fates! Retribution! Retribution is finally here, and it's here so fast!" Another Devil Palace's expert laughed jovially.

"I say, this is the wrath of heaven! Even the heavens are jealous of his talent, so now, the heavens are going to deal with him!" More than a few experts who had feuds with Huang Xiaolong watched on with unconcealed gloating.

"If he doesn't die from this, then the heavens are truly unfair!" The Ancient Emperor Holy Ground's Duan Xuan sneered.

Mo Cangli secretly sighed in relief, if Huang Xiaolong succeeded in integrating twelve high-order Saint Fates, the matter would press down on all the holy grounds' and ancient races' patriarchs like a great mountain, suffocating them. Even the Primal Ancestor Realm experts would feel suffocated.

Thankfully, judging from the current situation, Huang Xiaolong was bound to suffer a severe backlash, and his failure was definite.

Failure of integrating with high order Saint Fates would result in a very strong backlash energy. Hence, the backlash from high-order Saint Fates was no doubt terrifying.

One high-order Saint Fate backlash was very destructive in itself, then how terrifying would the backlash of twelve high-order Saint Fates? Just like what the Devil Palace expert had said, with the backlash of twelve high-order Saint Fates, Huang Xiaolong could only be reduced to dust!

Huang Xiaolong could miraculously survive, then again, even if he did, the consequences of the backlash would surely reduce him to nothing but a waste!

Amongst those present, only Lin Xiaoying, Xue Lingyun, Tan Juan, and Hi Xinyi were truly worried about Huang Xiaolong.

"This Junior Brother!" Xue Lingyun was worried and vexed at the same time that she wished Cangqiong Old Man could come back this instant and give Huang Xiaolong a severe scolding. It was unfortunate the old man was not there.

The Holy Race's Patriarch Bai Moyang, Vajra Race's Patriarch Jin Nu, and others shook their heads, seeing Huang Xiaolong was going to suffer a severe backlash.

"What a pity!" Jin Nu sighed and repeated, "Really a pity, ah!"

Although they felt suffocated by the thought of Huang Xiaolong succeeding in integrating twelve high-order Saint Fates, still, based on the close association between the Vajra Race and Holy Heavens, a small part of Jin Nu had hoped Huang Xiaolong would succeed.

But now, the chances of Huang Xiaolong succeeding were almost non-existent.

Under various gloating gazes, the flickering light enshrouding Huang Xiaolong's three holy souls grew more volatile. Sometimes it was bright and intense, other times it dimmed significantly. Something was threatening to burst out from the three holy souls' bodies. This was the Saint Fates' backlash energy inside them wrecking havoc. After Huang Xiaolong's three holy souls failed to suppress this chaotic energy, one could imagine his ending.

It was becoming clearer that Huang Xiaolong was in pain from his face, and there was a hint of panic. Hairline cracks began to appear across his flesh, and blood was seeping out. This showed that Huang Xiaolong's body was at the edge of rupturing.

"Thirteen!" Lin Xiaoying cried out in agony and rushed to Huang Xiaolong's side.

But Lin Xiaoying had barely taken one step, when her path was blocked by Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint disciples from the Ghost Talisman Holy Gate.

"Get out of my way!" Lin Xiaoying snapped in a rare outburst.

The Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's disciples laughed, "Of course, Lin Xiaoying, come here and lick us some. When we're happy and satisfied, we can get out of your way!"

The Ghost Talisman Holy Gate and Clear Snow Palace were archenemies, thus the Ghost Talisman Holy Gate disciples’ words were especially vicious.

Lin Xiaoying shouted, and attacked the several Ghost Talisman Holy Gate experts.

Other Clear Snow Palace's female disciples joined the battle as well.

In an instant, the battle between the Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's disciples and Clear Snow Palace's female disciples erupted.

Though Lin Xiaoying and the Clear Snow Palace's disciples were strong, the Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's disciples were no walkovers either. Hence, there were injuries and casualties on both sides, and the situation came to a standstill.

By this time, the ruptures across Huang Xiaolong's body had worsened, as if his body was going to explode any moment.

Once his physical body exploded, the Saint Fates' backlash energy would flood out like an angry tsunami, and everything would be irrevocable at that time.

Seeing this, Lin Xiaoying was almost hysterical. Blazing with fury, her attacks grew increasingly fiercer and ruthless. Xue Lingyun looked coldly at Gui Buwang. "Gui Buwang, tell your disciples to stop or I will turn you into a real ghost!"

Gui Buwang chuckled nonchalantly, totally unperturbed by Xue Lingyun's threat. "Our two forces rarely have a chance to test each others' skills, so this is a good thing."

Seeing that Gui Buwang had actually deflected her words so casually, Xue Lingyun's eyes turned icy, and she said, "Fine, in that case, you can die!"

Her palm was already struck before her words fell. The power of grand Dao turned everything in its path into ice, encroaching outwards with the momentum of devouring everything in sight.

Just as Xie Lingyun’s grand dao powers reached meters in front of Gui Buwang, a ghostly palm suddenly appeared from the deep void, accompanied by strands of yin souls, death, and diabolic destructive energy, blocking in front of Gui Buwang.

Thunderous booms resounded through the air.

Terrifying aftershock waves swept out in the four directions.

The rest retreated in haste, afraid to be implicated.

What astonished Duan Xuan and the others was that Xue Lingyun’s overwhelming grand dao attack was successfully blocked by the ghostly hand!

In the next second, a thin old-man appeared in front of them.

The most eye-catching features of this old-man was his ghostly hand as well as the eerie green ghost rune between his brows.

“The Ghost Talisman Founder!” The Vajra Race’s Patriarch Jin Nu blurted in alarm.

“What, the Ghost Talisman Founder?!”

The present holy grounds’ patriarchs paled upon hearing that.

This was a notorious character in ancient times, and he was an expert of the same generation as Cangqiong Old Man.

Xue Lingyun stared at the old-man, the Ghost Talisman Founder, and her expression was gloomy to the extreme. The Ghost Talisman Founder was really still alive! Moreover, he had already entered Primal Ancestor Realm!