Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2557: It’s, It’s Really the Inextinguishable Dao Heart!

It wasn't strange that these holy grounds' and ancient races' patriarchs were so anxious to stop their disciples. These disciples' death was a small matter to them, but if their foolish action implicated the holy ground or the whole clan, then that crime would be difficult to compensate for even if these disciples died a thousand times!

It never occurred to them that Huang Xiaolong would already have that thing!

In the final crucial moments, Huang Xiaolong had actually managed to suppress the violent high-order Saint Fates' backlash energy! Since it was clear that Huang Xiaolong had successfully integrated with twelve high-order Saint Fates, no one could stop him anymore. And who would dare to offend him at this point?!

Twelve high-order Saint Fates, ah! The patriarchs felt their scalps go tingling numb just thinking about it.

These patriarchs had a strong inclination that it wouldn't be long before Huang Xiaolong could deter the entire Holy World alone!

He is truly invincible!

Even the Primal Ancestor Realm Ghost Talisman Founder's face turned sickly green?!

Even the Ghost Talisman Founder was terrified to this extent, and that spoke volumes as to how scary Huang Xiaolong was.

Those Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint disciples within the Saint Fate's boundary, who were eager to move after hearing the Ghost Talisman Founder's reward, were jolted to their senses by their patriarchs' blatant threats? In an instant, no one dared to make a move.

The Ghost Talisman Founder was shouting hysterically again, "Don't be afraid! Whoever kills Huang Xiaolong can worship in my sect. I will pass down all my knowledge and abilities to him, give him the Ghost Staff, and my protection. I can fulfill all his requests!" Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Some of the hesitating disciples were once more eager after hearing his words, and they seemed more motivated.

Originally, these disciples were worried that they would violate their respective holy ground's rules, and would be sent to the gallows by their patriarchs, but now, the promise of having a chance to worship the Ghost Talisman Founder as master, and get his protection, made them fearless.

By this time, the Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint disciples were almost an arm's length away from Huang Xiaolong's physical body.

In the minds of these Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint disciples, obliterating Huang Xiaolong's physical body was easier than dealing with Huang Xiaolong's three holy souls.

"Kill!"

These Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's disciples were brimming with killing intent, as each of them executed their most powerful killing move at full force.

These dozen of disciples' strength was not weak, and one could imagine the impact of the combined power of their most powerful attacks.

Endless sword qi, fist force, palm force, and rays of blade light bombarded Huang Xiaolong.

The attacks of these dozen Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint disciples landed squarely on Huang Xiaolong. Following that, a burst of grand dao light shot out from Huang Xiaolong's chest.

Weeeng!

Everyone could hear a low humming through space. In the instant the Inextinguishable Dao Heart's rays shone from Huang Xiaolong's chest, the dozen of Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's disciples froze in midair. It seemed a second had passed yet it felt as if an era had gone by.

It started from these disciples' blades shattering into dust-sized particles, followed by their arms that shattered inch by inch into small pieces of meat. The destruction expanded to the rear of their bodies, breaking them apart into irretrievable pieces.

Others only saw these Ghost Talisman Holy Gate disciples' eyes widening in absolute horror a split second before their bodies shattered into dust. They could clearly see these disciples' pieces of flesh scattering over the Cambrian Pool Star.

After the dozen of Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's disciples were reduced to dust, the inextinguishable light swept over the Cambrian Pool Star's sky. The scattering dust-sized flesh glistened like fireflies, and after the last glimmer, they vanished from the world completely.

These Ghost Talisman Holy Gate's disciples seemed to have been erased by the Holy World, as if they had never existed in the Holy World at all.

This horrifying sight immediately deterred other holy grounds' disciples, who were eager to join their hands and attack Huang Xiaolong.

Their guts were pierced by terror!

Even Lin Xiaoying's heart skipped a beat.

Bai Moyang, Jin Nu, Duan Xuan, Shen Jiewen, and others' hearts thumped madly in their chests.

"In-inextinguishable Dao Heart, it really is the Inextinguishable Dao Heart!" The Vajra Race Patriarch Jin Nu seemed like he was witnessing the world's most frightening event. Shock seemed to be etched on his face. The Vajra Race's disciples had never seen their patriarch lose his composure this way.

"What?! Inextinguishable Dao Heart! Patriarch, are you saying that that thing in Huang Xiaolong's chest is the Inextinguishable Dao Heart?!" Jin Taiji who was standing behind Jin Nu squeaked, sounding like a mouse.

Jin Taiji was not the only one. All the Vajra Race's disciples were as astounded as him.

Although the resplendent light from Huang Xiaolong's chest shocked a lot of people, and suppressed the high-order Saint Fates' backlash, the present disciples did not link it to the Inextinguishable Dao Heart. It was not only the disciples, but even a lot of average True Saint Realm experts did not think in this direction.

Therefore, Jin Taiji and the others didn't think the thing shining from Huang Xiaolong's chest was the Inextinguishable Dao Heart!

Immersed in their shock, Jin Taiji, the rest of Vajra Race's disciples, and the other ignorant True Saint Realm experts wondered, ‘Didn’t they say that only the Primal Ancestor can have the Inextinguishable Dao Heart?!’

A Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's grand elder looked at Gui Buwang, and he couldn't help asking, "Patriarch, this, this is impossible ah, only Primal Ancestor can form the Inextinguishable Dao Heart, isn't it?!"

Gui Buwang glared at him and roared with murderous aura, "You are asking me, but whom should I ask?!"

He had a strong impulse to slaughter, and like everyone else, he could not figure out why Huang Xiaolong had an Inextinguishable Dao Heart!

It was just like how none of them could figure out why Huang Xiaolong, a half-True Saint, could have three holy souls.

Mo Cangli, and Xue Lingyun looked dazedly at Huang Xiaolong's chest, as if Huang Xiaolong had super-developed chest muscles.

"In-inextinguishable Dao Heart!"

A long time later, a wry smile flashed across Xue Lingyun's face. At this moment, she realized worrying about Huang Xiaolong was the extra fat on her body, an unnecessary extra fat.

Apart from shock, there was a complicated gaze in Tan Juan's eyes. Previously, she couldn't figure out how Huang Xiaolong had defeated Xie Bufan and Li Chen, but she finally found the answer at that moment.

She would have needed a day's time to comprehend the seventh floor's key, but Huang Xiaolong had comprehended Cangqiong Old Man's inheritance in a short half an hour. With her talent, it would take her several hundred years to fully comprehend the inheritance, but Huang Xiaolong had merely spent fifty years.

All those things she had failed to link together in the past, all clicked now.

The way everyone was looking at Huang Xiaolong showed a mixture of shock, fear, unease, unwillingness, and disbelief.

The holy light from Huang Xiaolong's body shone brighter still, and the might coming off his three holy souls threatened to topple the heavens.

All these were proof that no one would stop Huang Xiaolong's path after he integrated with twelve high-order Saint Fates!

Huang Xiaolong's rise, and his heaven-defying path was clear!

This conclusion sent everyone's heart racing with apprehension.

The Ghost Talisman Founder was still bellowing endlessly, throwing various temptations towards the disciples inside the Saint Fate's boundary so they would gang up and kill Huang Xiaolong. But it was useless. Even if he promised his d*ck off to the disciples, none of the remaining disciples dared to attack Huang Xiaolong.

Time flowed by.

At this time, the Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, and the others were still trapped inside the Devil Prison Forest Grand Formation at the Lightning Prison River by Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian. They were cut off from the outside world, and the three Devil Palace Masters still didn't know the things happening at the Cambrian Pool Star.

The three of them weren't aware, from the time the Holy Heavens' group was passing by the Devil Palace, Huang Xiaolong had separated from the main group.

The Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, and the rest had continued onwards by passing the Lightning Prison River while Huang Xiaolong had cut across the Black Devil Star Prison and rushed straight to the Cambrian Pool Star.