Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2558: Seal Huang Xiaolong for Eternity

Cao Nan watched the Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, Lord Long, and Elder Crow working madly to break the Devil Prison Forest Grand Formation, and sneered in mockery, "Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, are the four of you still dreaming of breaking out of here and rush to the Cambrian Pool Star with Huang Xiaolong? The Saint Fates have appeared long ago! Even if you rush over there with Huang Xiaolong now, the Saint Fates would have long been taken!"

Gu Tian laughed, "That's right, it's impossible for Huang Xiaolong to break through to True Saint Realm this time, and he'll have to wait for the next round. I feel refreshed all over just thinking about it!"

Qiao Jinyang showed a rare smile on his face, "If Cangqiong Old Man, who left the Holy World, learns that the successor he selected after so many troubles could not even break through to True Saint Realm, he would probably die in anger."

Cao Nan, Qiao Jinyang, and Gu Tian broke into laughter.

The Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, Lord Long, and Elder Crow suddenly burst into laughter. Moreover, the sound of their laughter was louder than Cao Nan's group of three.

Upon seeing the Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, Lord Long, and Elder Crow laughing in such an unbridled manner, Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian were stunned and baffled.

"Tyrant Chu, you've gone mad," Cáo Nan sneered.

Tyrant Chu let out a hearty laugh, "Cao Nan, did you guys think you've successfully prevented Huang Xiaolong from integrating with Saint Fate?"

Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian stiffened momentarily upon hearing Tyrant Chu's question.

Suddenly, Qiao Jinyang's sharp gaze fell onto the Golden Roc Holy Ship, and a bad feeling rose in his heart and he blurted, "Are you saying that Huang Xiaolong is not aboard the Golden Roc Holy Ship?!"

Lord Long laughed triumphantly, "That's right!"

It didn't matter letting Qiao Jinyang, and the other two know at this point.

Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian's faces immediately sank.

"Impossible!" Gu Tian strongly denied, "We had investigated, and ever since you departed from the Heavenly Master Holy Grounds, Huang Xiaolong has been with you all the way!"

Tyrant Chu was still laughing, "Huang Xiaolong indeed set off with us from the Heavenly Master Holy Grounds, but when we approached the Dark Devil Prison Star, he separated from us and cut across the Dark Devil Prison Star, heading straight to the Cambrian Pool Star. Probably he has already integrated with Saint Fate by now!"

"What?!" Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian's faces darkened like a brewing storm at the drop of a hat.

Cao Nan suddenly snorted, "Tyrant Chu, keep on pretending. My Black Devil Star Prison is laden with restrictions, how could Huang Xiaolong have passed through them unscathed? Many Sixth Heaven True Saint Realm, even Seventh Heaven True Saint Realm experts are incapable of passing through the Black Devil Star Prison! Then Huang Xiaolong? That is impossible!"

Tyrant Chu looked at Cao Nan with sympathy as he revealed, "Of course it's not possible with Xiaolong's strength alone, but what if he has the Cangqiong Dao Palace?"

Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian's heart sank to the bottom.

At this time, Lord Long once again pierced the grand formation with his Heaven Opening Dragon Spear, shattering the Devil Prison Forest Grand Formation that was on the verge of breakage and yelled at the Heavenly Master and Tyrant Chu, "Let's rush to the Cambrian Pool Star. There should be high-order Saint Fates appearing this time, Xiaolong might have already integrated with a high-order Saint Fate!"

Tyrant Chu snickered, "Exactly, I can't wait to see the sight of Xiaolong successfully integrating with a high-order Saint Fate!"

In the next second, the Heavenly Master sped away with a group of Holy Heavens' disciples. Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian did not stop them.

"Don't worry, even if Huang Xiaoly really possesses the Cangqiong Dao Palace, he couldn’t have passed through the Black Devil Star Prison!” Cao Nan persisted in self-comforting, "Even if Huang Xiaolong could pass through the Black Devil Star Prison, it would take him more than a month. Therefore, it's impossible for him to arrive at the Cambrian Pool Star in time!"

Gu Tian was full of confidence, "That's right, to pass through the Black Devil Star Prison, he would have to pass through the Magma Demon Valley, and just the Magma Demon Valley is probably enough to stop Huang Xiaolong's path."

Right at this time, Cao Nan’s and Gu Tian's communication symbols shook simultaneously. Both took out their communication symbols and after reading the content within, their eyes widened in astonishment. Apprehension soared in their hearts.

Seeing this, Qiao Jinyang frowned, "What's going on? Did Huang Xiaolong really obtain a high-order Saint Fate? Did he successfully integrate with it?"

Neither Cao Nan nor Gu Tian knew how to answer him. Their hands holding the communication symbols were shaking.

"There are twelve high-order Saint Fates this time!" Cao Nan sucked in a breath of cold air, forcefully suppressing the strong unease in his heart.

"What?! Twelve high-order Saint Fates appeared?!"

Qiao Jinyang's eyes widened in surprise, taking another look on his companions' faces, the unease in his heart rose exponentially, "You, could it be that Huang Xiaolong successfully integrated with more than two high-order Saint Fates?!"

Both Cao Nan and Gu Tian nodded their heads.

For real! Qiao Jinyang felt a force slamming into his chest.

"Two Saint Fates? Or three?" Qiao Jinyang asked in a quivering voice.

Cao Nan shook his head, and couldn't find the right words, so he directly handed the communication symbols in his hand to Qiao Jinyang.

Qiao Jinyang accepted it with doubt. But when he read the message within, his eyeballs protruded in shock, "Twe-twelve!"

The message was sent by one of the Devil Palace's enforcers currently at the Cambrian Pool Star, informing Cao Nan that Huang Xiaolong had successfully integrated with twelve high-order Saint Fates, and on top of that…!

"Inextinguishable Dao Heart!"

The most terrifying part of the message was that Huang Xiaolong had already formed his Inextinguishable Dao Heart!

He had already formed his Inextinguishable Dao Heart before entering the Primal Ancestor Realm!

Since Huang Xiaolong had integrated with twelve high-order Saint Fates, then in the future…?!

Qiao Jinyang, the leader of the Devil Palace's Palace Masters, one of the pinnacle existences in the Holy World, trembled slightly.

"How come it's like this?!" Qiao Jinyang roared towards the sky in anger. His voice rolled like thunder, splitting the Lightning Prison River into two.

"Palace Master, what do we do now?" A while later, Cao Nan couldn't help asking.

Qiao Jinyang did not speak, his heart thumped wildly in panic.

"Palace Master, Huang Xiaolong is still in the early stages of integrating with Saint Fates in the early stages. If we rush towards the Cambrian Pool Star now, we can go all out to kill Huang Xiaolong! Even if we can’t kill him, we should strive to seal him, seal him for eternity! He must not be allowed to fully integrate with twelve high-order Saint Fates!" Gu Tian suddenly stated.

The Saint Fates were naturally not so easy to integrate with. In general, to truly integrate one low-order Saint Fate took several years, and decades for high-order Saint Fate. For Huang Xiaolong to truly integrate with twelve high-order Saint Fates, it definitely would take much longer than that, and at this point, Huang Xiaolong's integration was only in the early stages.

As long as Huang Xiaolong had yet to truly integrate with the twelve high-order Saint Fates, Huang Xiaolong still couldn’t be considered to have truly entered True Saint Realm.

"That's right, what we need to do now is to rush over immediately, otherwise, Huang Xiaolong might escape!" Qiao Jinyang's eyes glimmered with iciness, "Before the Heavenly Master and the others arrive, capture Huang Xiaolong and forcefully seal him for eternity!"

"We should make haste!"

"Let's go now!"

Immediately, Qiao Jinyang, Cao Nan, and Gu Tian all rushed to the Cambrian Pool Star as fast as they could. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Also, contact the Ghost Talisman Founder!" On the way, Qiao Jinyang ordered solemnly, "If he's at the Cambrian Pool Star, have him go all out to capture Huang Xiaolong before the Heavenly Master arrives, and then wait for us!"

In truth, the Ghost Talisman Founder had secretly contacted the three Devil Palace's three Palace Masters, so the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground had formed an alliance with the Devil Palace that no one knew of.