Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2560: No! More Than That!

Before the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground and Devil Palace's experts reacted, Huang Xiaolong's palm struck forward, and a streak of light that was red as blood shot out from the Saint Fate's boundary like a meteor.

Bang!

In the next instant, a peak late-Second Heaven True Saint Realm Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's expert exploded to his death.

This peak late-Second Heaven True Saint expert didn't even get a chance to scream before his death. Even when the red streak of light had arrived in front of his eyes, he was still unaware of what was going to happen.

The blood-red streak of light was the Flying Heaven Blood Stele.

Instead of the Cangqiong Blade, the Eight-Sided Desolate Beast Ring, or the Cangqiong Dao Palace, Huang Xiaolong thought that he might as well use these Ghost Talisman Holy Ground experts' blood essence to temper the Flying Heaven Blood Stele to raise its power.

After the Flying Heaven Blood Stele smashed the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's expert to death, it did not stop, and it continues to target another Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's expert.

The second expert's face paled as he understood he was the next target. He let out a furious roar as he exerted force and swung the steel rod in his hands, intending to smash the Flying Heaven Blood Stele away.

But just as the steel rod came into contact with the Flying Heaven Blood Stele, he felt the irresistible terrifying destructive power channeled by the Flying Heaven Blood Stele that was violent and bloodthirsty!

BANG!

The steel rod in his hand shattered into smithereens and the Flying Heaven Blood Stele hit him, and like the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's expert earlier, this late-Third Heaven True Saint expert also exploded into blood mist in the blink of an eye.

Still, the Flying Heaven Blood Stele did not stop as it flew straight towards the third Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's expert who was a Fourth Heaven True Saint.

By this time, Gui Buwang and the rest of Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's experts finally reacted and threw attacks at the Flying Heaven Blood Stele.

However, Huang Xiaolong retrieved the Flying Heaven Blood Stele back into his body faster than these attacks could land. Gui Buwang and others' attacks fell on empty space, setting off a chain of explosions high in the air.

"Powerful!" A Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's expert exclaimed in horror, "It killed a late-Third Heaven True Saint in one strike within the power to resist! Huang Xiaolong's strength right now is probably comparable to a Fifth Heaven True Saint?!"

"Fifth Heaven True Saint?! I don't think it's so drastically increased. He's surely relying on that dao artifact to display that kind of power. After all, he hasn't fully integrated those twelve high-order Saint Fates to break through to True Saint Realm!" 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A Beast Tamer Holy Ground's expert disagreed, "The point is that he has this kind of attack power despite not entering True Saint Realm. This itself is frightening! Attack power exceeding a Fifth Heaven True Saint is unprecedented for someone at his cultivation level!"

Other experts nodded their heads in agreement!

At this time, Huang Xiaolong launched consecutive swift attacks, bedazzling the eyes. Before anyone realized anything, resounding blasts thundered in their ears.

The Ghost Talisman Holy Ground and Devil Palace's experts exploded to their deaths under the Flying Heaven Blood Stele's attack.

First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Heaven True Saint Realm experts were its victims! Even Sixth Heaven True Saint experts met with the same ending once targeted by the Flying Heaven Blood Stele!

In a short dozen breaths, more than a dozen of Ghost Talisman Holy Ground and Devil Palace's True Saint experts had fallen!

Amongst the fallen, there was one Sixth Heaven True Saint.

After watching this happen before their eyes, the crowd of experts ashened.

Especially the expert, who had claimed that Huang Xiaolong was merely relying on the Flying Heaven Blood Stele to gain the attack power of a Fifth Heaven True Saint, shaking from head to toe. Is this Huang Xiaolong's current true strength?

At the early-stage of integration with the twelve high-order Saint Fates, Huang Xiaolong could already kill a Sixth Heaven True Saint in one strike!

This not only frightened Mo Cangli and Xue Lingyun, but even the Ghost Talisman Founder's heart missed a beat.

Even before fully integrating the twelve high-order Saint Fates, Huang Xiaolong's strength had risen to this terrifying level. When Huang Xiaolong truly integrated with the twelve high-order Saint Fates, would they even be able to muster up the courage to fight?!

"This combat power! It's comparable to a Seventh Heaven True Saint…?!" The Holy Race's Xiao Baili muttered dazedly in shock. Is this person really the person I had challenged at the Mirage Pavillion battle stage years ago.Is he the same Huang Xiaolong?

Xiao Baili had a hard time believing that the scenes before him were real.

Huang Xiaolong, someone that he had thought he was capable of challenging all along, had actually sent a Sixth Heaven True Saint expert to die with just one strike before his eyes!

Reality had dealt him a great blow to his fragile heart that he had always assumed to be stronger than others' hearts!

Though in shock, Bai Moyang responded to Xiao Baili with a very serious expression, "No! More than that!"

"More than that? Master, you mean Huang Xiaolong's combat power is stronger than a Seventh Heaven True Saint??!!" Xiao Baili couldn't believe his ears.

On another side, the Ghost Talisman Founder couldn't stand still any longer after losing a Sixth Heaven True Saint.

He reached out and the force from his palm attempted to restrain the Flying Heaven Blood Stele as he roared in a fury at Huang Xiaolong, "Huang Xiaolong, you coward son of a tortoise! Come fight me if you've got the guts!"

He could only vent his fury on the Flying Heaven Blood Stele because he was unable to attack Huang Xiaolong who was inside the Saint Fate's boundary.

Attacks from outside the Saint Fate's boundary were unable to reach these disciples within the boundary barrier, but those inside the Saint Fate's boundary could attack the people outside.

The surrounding experts shook their heads and laughed silently listening to the Ghost Talisman Founder clamoring for Huang Xiaolong to come out and battle him. Huang Xiaolong had not fully integrated with the twelve high-order Saint Fates. Therefore, for a Primal Ancestor like the Ghost Talisman Founder to scream and shout for a disciple that hadn't even entered True Saint Realm to battle him… proved that no one had a face as thick as him.

Seeing the Ghost Talisman Founder make a move, Xue Lingyun struck out with both her palms, and ice-attributed grand dao energy howled as it rushed forward, blocking the Ghost Talisman Founder's attempt.

"Ghost Talisman Founder, if you want a fight, I'll fight you!" Xue Lingyun's icy voice rang and another fierce attack followed.

In the meantime, Huang Xiaolong manipulated the Flying Heaven Blood Stele with his Inextinguishable Dao Heart's power. In an instant, the Stele’s bloodthirstiness soared, and blood-red rays intensified, resembling a roiling sea of blood. Grand dao energy roared.

Bang!

A Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's Seventh Heaven True Saint expert, a vice-hall master level character, exploded to his death just the same under this strike from Huang Xiaolong.

Faces in the crowd paled further.

Even a Seventh Heaven True Saint, a Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's vice-hall master, could not survive one attack from Huang Xiaolong?! Not forgetting that Huang Xiaolong still hadn't fully integrated with the twelve high-order Saint Fates!

If Huang Xiaolong completes his twelve high-order Saint Fates integration, will that mean that even Ninth Heaven True Saints are no match for his strength?

THIS!

The Holy Race's Xiao Baili's lips turned green and then purple from the fear creeping up his heart.

Mo Cangli, Ghost Talisman Founder, Xue Lingyun, Bai Moyang, Jin Nu, Duan Xuan, Shen Jiewen, and the rest were really scared now!

Duan Xuan remembered the time at the Mirage Pavilion where he had tried to force Huang Xiaolong to hand over the grandmist holy spiritual aura. Almost everyone was wrecking their brains to recall if they had somehow, somewhere, offended Huang Xiaolong in the past.

Following that, it was obvious that Huang Xiaolong had specifically targeted Seventh Heaven True Saint experts from the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground and Devil Palace. Without an exception, all of them had exploded to their deaths.

After sending these experts on their way, Huang Xiaolong gathered their holy souls and restrained them inside the Cangqiong Dao Palace. These holy souls were a great supplement to him, and he was saving them to refine in the future.

Watching Huang Xiaolong killing Ghost Talisman Holy Ground's Seventh Heaven True Saints one after another, the Ghost Talisman Founder cursed repeatedly in rage. Each time he wanted to stop Huang Xiaolong, he was entangled by Xue Lingyun. Not to mention that Huang Xiaolong's route of attacks was unpredictable, and even Gui Buwang failed to stop Huang Xiaolong.

"Kill, kill everyone from the Clear Snow Palace!" In a moment of absolute fury, the Ghost Talisman Founder roared at Gui Buwang. Since Huang Xiaolong targeted experts from the Ghost Talisman Holy Ground, then they would kill all the Clear Snow Palace's disciples there. They would kill Tan Juan, Ji Xinyi, and every single one of Clear Snow Palace's female disciples!