Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2562: Successful Break Through to True Saint Realm!

Huang Xiaolong finally selected one of the most deserted places in the holy ground on a stretch of snow plains.

Snowflakes float from the sky onto this tranquil white land, creating mesmerizing scenery. Furthermore, Huang Xiaolong's three holy souls sensed faint strands of ice-attributed holy spiritual qi underground.

Huang Xiaolong selected the most beautiful peak on the snow plains and laid out layers of defensive formations around the snow peak. Once he fully integrated with the twelve high-order Saint Fates, it would stimulate his dao tribulation. The phenomena of dao tribulation were too big to be ignored, and it could attract nearby holy grounds' experts. Therefore, Huang Xiaolong had to act with caution.

Huang Xiaolong had not been as detailed or careful as this when laying out defensive formations to cross tribulations in the past. But this time, he went all out, spending as much as ten days to complete the layers of intricate array formations.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the layers of restrictions around him and nodded in satisfaction. With these many layers of restrictions, the movements would be reduced to the minimum.

Lastly, Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged on the peak of the snow mountain. Looking down from this height, beautiful sights of undulating snowy mountains, and floating snowflakes formed nameless flowers in the air.

These snow flowers carried Huang Xiaolong's thoughts far away.

A while later, Huang Xiaolong adjusted his mindset and focused, entering a certain state as he circulated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium. He let his three holy souls absorb the twelve high-order Saint Fates' energy, so that they could perfectly integrate with the twelve high-order Saint Fates.

In an instant, blinding lights burst out from Huang Xiaolong's body.

An hour later, the light around Huang Xiaolong's body was as intense as a blazing sea of flames, turning the entire snow plains into an ethereal paradise.

Gradually, faint auras of grand dao began to appear around Huang Xiaolong.

Heaven and earth seemed to be changing subtly under the holy light from his body.

The snow plains accumulate snow throughout the year, and everything was covered under thick snow. But now, tender sprouts were peeking out from the snow, like a green carpet over the white land.

These tender sprouts continued to grow taller and bigger, and soon, the entire snow plains were covered by various kinds of unknown divine trees, and spiritual herbs, and it looked prettier than a picture.

There were sparkles of light surrounding these divine trees, spiritual herbs, and flowers as if they were the warmth in the winter nights, and fairies loved by nature, dancing cheerily.

A year went by…

Spring gave way to summer, and autumn was around the corner.

The sky above the snow plains was brighter than daylight.

The land was brimming with vitality, and time seemed to pass slower there. It was as if the outside world was blocked out.

Huang Xiaolong was enveloped by a cocoon of holy light, as strands of light circled around him like dragons, yet they resembled serpents, cranes, and all living creatures, and had everchanging forms. The holy light was projecting all-beings in the world as grand dao laws in Huang Xiaolong's Inextinguishable Dao Heart changed and strengthened, like a world that was shedding it's old coat.

Two, three, four years… In the blink of an eye, fifty years passed.

Huang Xiaolong's entire body disappeared within the blinding holy light, and bright lights flickered around his three holy souls. The three souls seemed to have transformed into bodies of light. Strands of grand dao laws around them had merged into a great sea of grand dao laws.

His Inextinguishable Dao Heart continued to change, transforming in a direction no one could understand.

Huang Xiaolong's physique was changing as well. The skin on his body fell, yes, it fell like the dried bark of a withered tree. Then new skin grew, smooth and translucent, with the subtle luster of grand dao.

Inside Huang Xiaolong's body, his internal organs, blood, and bones were changing as well, and they were improving.

Suddenly, the clouds above roiled, a wind howled, and lightning dragons condensed by mighty grand dao energy dominated the sky.

Dao tribulation!

Once Huang Xiaolong successfully survived his dao tribulation, then he was rightfully a True Saint Realm expert.

Though the dao tribulation appeared, there was no further movement. It continued to brew, expand, and change, just like Huang Xiaolong was changing.

Huang Xiaolong was sitting cross-legged on the snowy mountain peak, still immersed in the world of grand dao, comprehending the twelve high-order Saint Fates' power and the Holy World's core grand dao laws.

Although fifty years had passed, Huang Xiaolong had barely comprehended half of the vast and profound grand dao laws each twelve high-order Saint Fates contained.

Another several decades went by.

It was a little over a hundred years since Huang Xiaolong's arrival at this snow plains, and on this day, Huang Xiaolong's three holy souls suddenly released the most astounding lights. This light was triggered by the complete integration between his three holy souls and the twelve high-order Saint Fates.

Moreover, the dao tribulation clouds that had been brewing above the snow plains for several decades rumbled as thunder resounded through the entire holy ground. Despite the layers of restrictions Huang Xiaolong had laid out a hundred years ago, they could not block off the sonorous thunder. This was the thunder of grand dao, the voice of heaven and earth.

Rumble!

A five thousand zhang long dao tribulation lightning dragon roared as it struck Huang Xiaolong with grand dao energy that could destroy everything, fully intending to turn Huang Xiaolong into ash.

This strike could blast through the holy ground, and blast the snow plains into cosmic dust.

Right at this moment, Huang Xiaolong's three holy souls flew to the sky. Huang Xiaolong did not use the Eight-Sided Desolate Beast Ring, Cangqiong Dao Palace, or the Cangqiong Blade. The three holy souls fought the five thousand zhang lightning dragon with bare fists.

Fist force surged from the three holy souls like three enormous rivers of holy lights that headed straight toward the dao tribulation lightning dragon.

R-r-rumble!

Grand dao energy collided with grand dao energy, and the entire holy ground quaked violently, whimpering in protest.

The dao tribulation lightning dragon dispersed, turning into pure dao energy that rained over Huang Xiaolong and his holy souls. Huang Xiaolong circulated the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, absorbing the pure grand dao energy so that the three holy souls and Saint Fates' integration would be more perfect. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Another dozen of years went by in the blink of an eye

On this day, Huang Xiaolong, who was bathed in holy light, finally opened his eyes. A beam of holy light swept across the deserted holy ground to the horizon, and space was cut like a thin sheet of paper where the light beam passed.

If there was someone here, they would be terrified to see the tear across the sky, and chaotic spatial power spewing out.

Huang Xiaolong let out a long breath because finally, he had fully integrated with all twelve high-order Saint Fates, and broken through to True Saint Realm. On top of that, he had reached late-First Heaven True Saint Realm!

Generally speaking, even if a peak late- Ninth Tribulation half-True Saint Realm integrated with a high-order Saint Fate, at most, he could only reach the peak early First Heaven True Saint in his breakthrough to True Saint Realm. No one had managed to reach mid-First Heaven, much less late-First Heaven True Saint Realm.

Huang Xiaolong stood up and checked every aspect of his body. Compared to before, every part of his body had undergone tremendous changes. His three holy souls' holy light was more resplendent than ever, looking extremely dazzling. The same was the case with his Inextinguishable Dao Heart. The grand dao in his Inextinguishable Dao Heart was more solid, abundant, stronger, and profound than ever. His physique had turned holy, and it was the holy physique of a True Saint.