Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2567: Seeing the Mighty Black Corpse Again

With his previous experience entering the Black Corpse Devil Cave, Huang Xiaolong was familiar with its crooks and crannies.

His three holy souls’ senses spread out, and everything within a several hundred million miles radius was clearly displayed in his mind.

The last time Huang Xiaolong had entered the Black Corpse Devil Cave, his three holy souls could only sense within a range of ten thousand miles radius around him. Now, that range had increased more than a hundred times.

Huang Xiaolong flew into the cave directly, instead of using the Cangqiong Dao Palace.

The dark corpse qi and devil qi inside the cave could demonize and corrode other True Saints, but they could not affect Huang Xiaolong in the slightest. Even if Huang Xiaolong did not have the Inextinguishable Dao Heart, based on his powerful three holy souls, he wouldn’t need to fear the dark corpse qi and devil qi.

But not long after Huang Xiaolong entered the Black Corpse Devil Cave, he was attacked by a Third Heaven True Saint Realm expert’s holy soul.

In general, a True Saint Realm expert’s holy soul was enshrouded in a golden holy light, but a demonized True Saint Realm expert’s soul would be enshrouded by a black holy light. Moreover, it was the dark murky kind of black that emitted a nauseating stench.

A demonized Third Heaven True Saint holy soul possessed powerful attack power, laden with dense corpse qi and devil qi that even a Fourth Heaven True Saint would have to dodge far away. But as Huang Xiaolong’s Golden Buddha Saint Godhead rotated as his palm struck towards the demonized holy soul. Vigorous golden Buddha holy energy surged out in great waves, hitting the demonized Third Heaven True Saint Realm holy soul.

The golden Buddha’s holy energy surged into the demonized holy soul like a rising tide, washing away the corpse qi and devil qi in the demonized holy soul. A moment later, every last strand of corpse qi and devil qi were completely purified.

Huang Xiaolong subsequently threw the purified holy soul into the Cangqiong Dao Palace, using the Cangqiong Dao Palace to suppress it.

Although the holy soul had been demonized once, Huang Xiaolong’s Golden Buddha Saint Godhead could completely expel the corpse qi and devil qi it had absorbed, thus it was still safe for him to refine and absorb the holy soul’s energy.

The day passed quickly.

In one day, Huang Xiaolong was attacked by demonized holy souls forty to fifty times.

Naturally, all these demonized holy souls were purified by Huang Xiaolong, then captured and suppressed inside the Cangqiong Dao Palace. He would find a time to refine them later. Amongst these demonized holy souls, there were a few at Seventh Heaven True Saint strength, and refining these holy souls, would surely give a huge boost to Huang Xiaolong’s three complete dao saint godheads.

Two days later, the number of purified holy souls inside the Cangqiong Dao Palace had doubled.

This Black Corpse Devil Cave had existed for numerous years, cultivators who entered the cave looking for holy herbs and treasures were countless. A little carelessness could result in them being demonized by the corpse qi and devil qi inside the cave, hence, the number of demonized holy souls here were simply too many to count, like bees of a great beehive.

This was one of the reasons Huang Xiaolong wanted to enter the Black Corpse Devil Cave.

These demonized holy souls inside the cave terrified other True Saints, but these were desirable supplements for Huang Xiaolong.

Thus, though Huang Xiaolong did not find the mighty black corpse, he was in no hurry. This was a good opportunity for him to gather some holy souls.

Three days went by.

On this day, Huang Xiaolong had just suppressed an early Seventh Heaven True Saint’s holy soul, when all of a sudden, he saw an enormous black continent floating in his direction.

Roiling dense devil qi and death qi enshrouded this enormous black continent, giving birth to evil spirits. Even before the continent got close, the continent’s nefarious aura would paralyze people with fear.

The black corpse!

This enormous black continent floating towards Huang Xiaolong was exactly the mighty black corpse he had encountered in the past. It was also that legendary black corpse that terrified many cultivators.

Upon seeing the appearance of the black corpse, Huang Xiaolong was excited all over instead of feeling apprehensive, screaming happily inside his heart! Finally, I see you again!

Huang Xiaolong sped forward, flying towards the black corpse that was as big as a continent.

The closer Huang Xiaolong got, the clearer it became as to how terrifying the devil qi and death qi were. When he was a million miles from the continent, his heart palpitated.

Although there was still a million miles distance from the enormous continent. The abundant devil qi and death qi from the black corpse had taken forms of devil heads and ghost corpses.

These devil heads and ghost corpses were as strong as the average Seventh Heaven True Saint Realm experts. On top of that, after being killed by Huang Xiaolong, these devil heads and ghost corpses could assimilate again. They were almost endless and indestructible.

It wasn’t long before Huang Xiaolong was frowning at his killing rate, and he directly took out the Cangqiong Dao Palace. The Cangqiong Dao Palace opened a wide path through the dense devil qi and death qi, heading straight towards the black corpse’s head, stopping between the eyebrows.

The dense devil qi and death qi around originated from the giant black corpse’s mouth. The closer he got to the black corpse’s mouth, the more terrifying the devil qi and death qi became, to the point that the Cangqiong Dao Palace was swaying unsteadily to move forward. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Huang Xiaolong immediately called out his three holy souls, and spurred the Cangqiong Dao Palace at full force. Only then did the Cangqiong Dao Palace stabilize again in the sea of death qi and devil qi. Waves of grand dao energy rushed out from the Cangqiong Dao Palace, resisting the vigorous devil qi and death qi.

In the air above, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes narrowed as he observed the black corpse in front of him. Without a doubt, this mighty black corpse was the corpse of a powerful Primal Ancestor expert!

Huang Xiaolong had not dared to say for certain the last time he was there, but now, with his Inextinguishable Dao Heart, he could say with absolute confidence that this black corpse was the corpse of a Primal Ancestor—a dao corpse!

Moreover, Huang Xiaolong had noticed that the black corpse’s Inextinguishable Dao Heart was missing!

Where did this black corpse’s Inextinguishable Dao Heart go? A more crucial question was, who killed this expert? Huang Xiaolong could almost say for sure that this black corpse was not an expert from the Cangqiong Holy World, and even Cangqiong Old Man probably didn’t have the strength to kill a Primal Ancestor Realm expert. Could this black corpse have died in another holy world, and then arrived at the Profound River after floating through some space cracks?

What exactly is at the bottom of the Profound River? This is really a big secret. Is there a path connecting to another holy world, that is also a mystery.

Many thoughts went through Huang Xiaolong’s mind in a split second.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong pressed down the questions in his mind and spurred the Inextinguishable Dao Heart’s power to control the mighty black corpse.

He was fortunate that he had formed his Inextinguishable Dao Heart, or else, there was only a slim chance of taking control over the black corpse by merely relying on his three holy souls at this stage.

In an instant, the Inextinguishable Dao Heart in Huang Xiaolong’s chest emitted blinding rays of inextinguishable grand dao, through the dense devil qi and death qi into the black corpse.

Because the black corpse’s soul was completely obliterated, and its Inextinguishable Dao Heart was missing, when Huang Xiaolong’s grand dao energy submerged into the corpse, there was barely any resistance.

Of course, due the absence of dao soul, Huang Xiaolong could only control the black corpse by refining it into a puppet.

Several months later, as Huang Xiaolong gradually gained more control over the black corpse, the devil qi and death qi spewing out from the black corpse had lessened over time.

Several years later, Huang Xiaolong finally established complete control over the black corpse. All the devil qi and death qi stopped spewing out, and the black corpse that was lying horizontally was rising head up, like a great black pillar rising towards the sky, threatening to piece a hole through it.

“Hei Luo greets the master!” The black corpse spoke in a deep rumbling voice that shook the entire Black Corpse Devil Cave.

When ‘it’ was still alive, the black corpse was called Hei Luo.

Although Hei Luo’s dao soul was obliterated, and he had lost his Inextinguishable Dao Heart, there were still pieces of remnant memories in his dao body. Adding Huang Xiaolong’s highly-skilled method of refinement, Hei Luo looked the same as any living human, and also possessed his own thinking.