Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 259: Taking Control of Sky Magi Sect

“Blue Dragon martial spirit!” Watching a blue dragon materialize behind Huang Xiaolong, Chen Xiaotian was astounded.

News of Huang Xiaolong possessing superb talent twin martial spirits, Primordial Divine Black and Blue Dragons, had yet to spread to the Bedlam Lands. Therefore this was the first time any of them, be it Chen Xiaotian, Geng Ken, or the rest, were confronted with the existence of a blue dragon martial spirit.

After summoning his twin martial spirits, Huang Xiaolong’s strength rose and soared continuously. In a dazzling flash of light, he soul transformed with the black and blue dragons.

Before the stunned faces of Chen Xiaotian and the rest, layers of sturdy black and blue dragon scales grew on the surface of Huang Xiaolong’s skin, covering him like an armor, as two tattoo-like dragon heads appeared on his back.

After soul transforming, Huang Xiaolong’s momentum greatly surpassed Chen Xiaotian’s.

Huang Xiaolong’s body exuded an overwhelming dragon might, making it difficult for Chen Xiaotian, Geng Ken, and the Sky Magi Sect Elders to breath. Deep within, the core of their souls gave birth to a desire to kneel, to prostrate, to submit before Huang Xiaolong. Only Chen Xiaotian was able to resist going down on his knees, although barely.

Huang Xiaolong shifted, disappearing in a blur and reappearing right in front of Chen Xiaotian. A palm swiftly struck out.

Chen Xiaotian turned ghastly pale at the sudden attack, raising his own palm in a panic, meeting Huang Xiaolong’s attack head on in an attempt of self-defense.

A muffled explosion resounded in the grand hall, followed by terrifying aftershock waves spiralling outward. Chen Xiaotian had a feeling like his palm hit against a divine stone. It felt as if the bones of his hand shattered from the collision as he staggered backwards until the edge of the grand hall, just to steady himself.

Horror was written all over Chen Xiaotian’s face as he stared at Huang Xiaolong.

Before this black-haired young man, after soul transforming, relying purely on battle qi and battle skill grade to battle him, Chen Xiaotian knew he was marginally stronger. But the young man’s strength increased drastically after soul transformation.

A part of him actually gave up resistance facing the soul transformed Huang Xiaolong.

On the other side, Huang Xiaolong’s silhouette flickered, wielding the Blades of Asura at Chen Xiaotian again, dancing blade lights spun into an alluring demonic flower right in front of Chen Xiaotian.

Asura Sword Skill, Fifth Move: Flower of the Other Shore!

In the next breath, the flower vanished into thin air!

All of a sudden, Chen Xiaotian screamed. His body was thrown back as if something hit him, red blood gushing out from his chest like a gurgling spring. A glaring, blood-red flower imprint could be seen on his chest as blood flowed out.

Before Chen Xiaotian crashed to the floor, the blades in Huang Xiaolong’s hands swung out a third time, sending countless blade lights that turned into a pair of tempestuous vortices, chasing after Chen Xiaotian.

Tempest of Hell!

Fear and panic rose in Chen Xiaotian’s heart watching the two cyclones coming at him.

“Windfire Flowing Physique!”

Chen Xiaotian’s body rotated at high speed, turning into a cloud of flowing flames that floated in the air.

However, due to the injury from the Flower of the Other Shore, Asura qi had invaded his body, greatly reducing Chen Xiaotian’s speed and movements. In the end, the Tempest of Hell vortices wrapped around his legs, pulling him down from the air.

Minuscule wind blades abraded Chen Xiaotian’s legs, his flesh was flayed and blood splattered as they moved higher, towards Chen Xiaotian’s torso. The white of bones was visible to the naked eye through the bloody wounds.

Huang Xiaolong stopped his attack and walked over to where Chen Xiaotian laid.

Severely injured by the Flower of the Other Shore and having his legs crippled by the Tempest of Hell, Chen Xiaotian was a withered version of his robust self. The elemental power of wind and fire weakened and dissipated. In this state, any average Xiantian Sixth Order warrior could snuff out Chen Xiaotian’s life without exerting much effort.

Chen Xiaotian struggled to drag his injured body away with his arms, as Huang Xiaolong approached closer, until he reached a wall where there was no more space to retreat.

“Submit to me! I can heal your injuries, also let you break through to the Eighth Order.” Huang Xiaolong lowered his gaze, his icy voice giving no room for doubt: “Or die!”

“Cut by my blades, with the Asura qi invading your body, the last moments before death are absolute torture. You probably don’t feel so good right now.”

A series of thoughts flashed passed Chen Xiaotian’s pallid face. Just as Huang Xiaolong stated, the invading Asura qi felt like ten thousand poisonous snakes sinking their poisonous fangs into his skin, the pain grew increasingly excruciating by the seconds. If it weren’t for his wind and fire elemental battle qi suppressing that terrifying energy inside his body, the pain would be a hundred times worse than what he was experiencing now.

Huang Xiaolong watched him coldly, waiting for an answer.

Geng Ken, Du Xin, and Deng Guangliang all looked at Chen Xiaotian in absolute silence.

Huang Xiaolong had easily defeated Chen Xiaotian after soul transformation, the shocking truth was already deeply etched in Geng Ken, Du Xin, Deng Guangliang, and the Sky Magi Sect Elders’ hearts, and it showed on their faces.

Time ticked by and the prolonged silence grew foreboding.

“Fine. I’m willing, to submit to you.” A short while passed, Chen Xiaotian sighed towards the sky and gave in. The moment these words left his lips, he looked as if he grew old in an instant.

As the Sky Magi Sect’s Sovereign, Chen Xiaotian was considered as one of three hegemony existences in Black Demon City, an existence that even the Nine Fiend Sect’s Patriarch showed a point or two of respect and wariness towards. But now, he was reduced to submitting to another person, having a master over himーa junior! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The circumstances of this change were difficult for him to accept.

Huang Xiaolong was secretly relieved that Chen Xiaotian was willing to submit. This was the most favorable outcome.

This way, on the surface, Chen Xiaotian could remain as the face of Sky Magi Sect’s Leader, while Huang Xiaolong controlled everything behind the scenes. Proceeding in this manner would reduce the chances of Blood Swallow School and Nine Fiend Sect getting suspicious, otherwise, things would be more troublesome if he had to make Chen Xiaotian ‘disappear’ or ‘missing.’

“Good. Release your soul sea,” Huang Xiaolong added, “I’m going to brand a soul mark.”

“Soul mark!” Chen Xiaotian’s reaction was identical to Geng Ken, Du Xin, and the rest upon hearing the words ‘soul mark’. The fact that Huang Xiaolong knew the art of soul marking was shocking to Chen Xiaotian.

His eyes strayed towards Geng Ken, his disciples, Du Xin and Deng Guangliang, as well as the Sky Magi Sect Elders. Realization dawned on him, all of them were branded with a soul mark by Huang Xiaolong!

Like the many before him, Chen Xiaotian relented, releasing his soul sea, allowing Huang Xiaolong to brand a soul mark.

Displaying the Soul Mandate combined with the Ancient Puppetry Art, Huang Xiaolong branded Chen Xiaotian’s soul sea with a soul mark. When all was completed smoothly, he finally relaxed. Reigning in Chen Xiaotian, the Sky Magi Sect was now fully under his control.

In the Bedlam Lands, Huang Xiaolong now had his own force!

Successfully branding a soul mark in Chen Xiaotian, Huang Xiaolong drew out the Asura qi within and gave him a grade six spirit pellet and a healing pellet, so that he could heal his wounds.

With Chen Xiaotian on his side, Huang Xiaolong turned to the three remaining Sky Magi Sect Elders, reigning them in just as he did with the others.

However, Huang Xiaolong did not make Chen Xiaotian call for an assembly of the core disciples announcing his identity. Before he swallowed up the Blood Swallow Sect and Nine Fiend Sect, the fewer people that knew about him the better.

Yet, at the same time, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t in a rush to take over the two other forces. Instead, he ordered Chen Xiaotian and Geng Ken to have someone watch the movements of Blood Swallow School’s Elders.

His plan was to divide and conquerㅡwhen these Elders were outbound for tasks, he would either kill or rein them in.

He would only act when the Blood Swallow School’s Doyen, Jiang Tianhua noticed something was amiss.

From then on, Huang Xiaolong stayed in the Sky Magi Sect headquarters, spending his days cultivating inside Godly Mt. Xumi. As his spiritual force and strength continued to rise, Huang Xiaolong tried to control the fifth puppet inside the Linglong Treasure Pagoda.

And Huang Xiaolong finally succeeded ten days later.

“Young Lord, this subordinate found out that two Blood Swallow School Elders, Li Yunhua and Liu Liyang, accepted a task to the Death Domain in search of the Bedeviled Spirit Bead.” One day, the Sky Magi Sect’s Leader, Chen Xiaotian, came to report to Huang Xiaolong.