Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2710: Battle that Shook the World

As the rays of light became stronger and stronger, the smiles on the faces of Yuan Wanfei and the others froze.

The golden dragon tore through the space around them, and it charged into the nine heavens! The golden glow it emitted bathed the land and painted a world of gold.

Under the illumination of the golden light, the countless domains were bathed in the brilliant glow!

The experts who came to celebrate the Yin Borer King’s ascension to power found it hard to breathe and Yuan Wanfei and the others fared even worse.

As though there was a massive mountain resting on their chests, even Elder Ming who was at the Sixth Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm felt suppressed.

Duan Feng and Yin Ming stared at each other and saw the shock in the other party’s eyes.

“This?!” Duan Feng stared at the golden dragon and found that it was becoming more and more familiar. However, he failed to recall what it was no matter how hard he tried!

“Brother Duan Feng, should we use our final attacks?” Yin Ming asked.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Duan Feng was taken aback for a moment, but he eventually nodded his head with a solemn expression.

Previously, they had reserved a little bit of their strength in case something went wrong. Now, it seemed as though they had to go all out in order to deal with Huang Xiaolong!

As their robes started to flutter, they gathered their strength and their aura slowly started to strengthen. Terrifying waves of energy filled the lands.

When Mo Zhi and the others realized that they were becoming even stronger, they couldn’t contain their shock. Is this the true strength of a high-level Primal Ancestor?

In front of the Yin Borer King, Mo Zhi and the others were like little children who couldn’t even begin to form any sense of resistance. They knew that the gap in power was too large!

When the two of them gathered all the energy they could, a cold snort left their lips as they sent their ultimate attacks down into the hole Huang Xiaolong was in.

Bang!

It seemed as though the world was ending as the ground trembled uncontrollably and cracks started to spiderweb out from the hole where Huang Xiaolong was beaten into.

Frightening rays of light that alternated between red and black pierced through the lands as they emerged from the other side of the continent!

This time, their attacks really pierced through the continent.

If anyone in the World River looked towards the Yin Borer Domain, they would see a pillar of red and black light going through the entire continent.

Waves of energy rolled about the lands as it swallowed everything in its path.

The power of destruction started to spread out from the center of the battle, with the two high-level Primal Ancestors as the center.

Countless domains in the World River were swallowed by the frighteningly strong fluctuations, and those domains that were located near the Yin Borer Race started to shatter. Massive waves millions of miles high were swept up as they crashed against domains even further away!

As for cities in the Yin Borer Domain, they were turned into dust instantly from the shockwave that was created in the clash.

It took a long while for the energy fluctuations to finally stop, and when it finally did, the world seemed to finally regain its calm.

As silence descended on the lands, Elder Ming, Yuan Wanfei, the ancestors of the various races and the two high-level Primal Ancestors, who made the move, turned to stare at the hole Huang Xiaolong was in.

This time, he should be dead! There should no longer be any surprises, right?

Time crawled on as five minutes eventually passed.

When they saw that there were no signs of activity in the ground, the faces of Mo Zhi, Long Shengtian, and Zi Dongping changed.

Could it be that Huagn Xiaolong is really…?

Duan Feng and Yin Ming frowned. Even though there wasn’t any reaction from Huang Xiaolong, they couldn’t start celebrating. After all, all signs of Huang Xiaolong seemed to have disappeared from the hole in the ground! In fact, it was as though he wasn’t there to begin with!

No matter how hard they tried to search, it was as though Huang Xiaolong had disappeared from the Yin Borer Domain!

They might have been extremely confident in their previous strike, but they knew that it wasn’t possible for them to blast Huang Xiaolong into nothingness with their strength.

As they were thinking about all sorts of possibilities, a ray of golden light shone down onto the lands and a figure could be seen standing in the skies above them.

There was no way it could be anyone other than Huang Xiaolong.

Standing high in the skies, the phantom of the golden dragon appeared behind him as it emitted resplendent rays of light.

At that instant, Huang Xiaolong was like a dragon god that descended from the heavens as dragon’s might emerged from his body unceasingly.

“How… How can this be?!” Elder Ming and the others stuttered incoherently.

From what they could see, Huang Xiaolong didn’t seem injured in the slightest!

How can he be fine after taking on the full powered attacks from Yin Ming and Duan Feng?!

Even the continent failed to withstand the strike, but Huang Xiaolong seemed to have turned even stronger after taking on the ultimate attacks from the two of them!

Were they wrong?! Were they hallucinating?

Of course, they were completely wrong. The final attacks from the two high-level Primal Ancestors didn’t manage to injure Huang Xiaolong at all. In fact, they assisted in his awakening of his Huang Long Bloodline!

After his bloodline was completely awakened, Huang Xiaolong discovered that he could absorb the energy contained in their attacks to turn it into his own power!

Sucking in all the energy he could from the two of them, Huang Xiaolong became even stronger than before!

It was also the reason he became stronger in the eyes of the various ancestors present.

Sweeping his gaze across the lands and noticing Long Jianfei under the rubble and dust, Huang Xiaolong turned to glare at Yin Ming and Duan Feng.

He might have been surprised that the Yin Borer Race was hiding another high-level Primal Ancestor, but he wasn’t afraid to take on the challenge. With battle intent raging in his heart, the Cangqiong Blade and the Flying Heaven Spear appeared in his hand. His figure blurred as he started his offensive.

With the Cangqiong Blade slashing towards Duan Feng, the Flying Heaven Spear pierced towards Yin Ming.

At the same time, the Cangqiong Dao Palace and the Eight Sided Desolate Beast Ring appeared above him and emitted brilliant rays of light.

Despite the fact that Huang Xiaolong could absorb the energy from their attacks and turn it into his own, the amount he could transform wasn’t amazing. He had to take on the full impact of their strikes before he could do anything, and he felt that it was better to protect himself with the two treasures.

Boom!

The moment he charged at them, the battle started. Destructive energy filled the lands as the three strongest individuals present clashed.

A thunderous blast rang in the ears of everyone in the Yin Borer Domain, and waves were swept up in the World River once again. Everything in the surroundings was destroyed and the Domains that were further away started to feel the impacts of the battle.

As for Mo Zhi and the others, they protected themselves as well as they could before retreating far away from the battle. It didn’t take long for all the Primal Ancestors at the scene of the battle to leave the Yin Borer Domain .

Fear gripped the hearts of everyone present when they noticed the horrifying strength possessed by the two high-level Primal Ancestors. When they realized that Huang Xiaolong was battling them alone, they no longer knew what to feel.

“Elder Ming, do we…?” Yuan Wanfei looked at Elder Ming and gestured towards Long Shengtian and the others.