Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2722: Waging War

“?!” Long Jianfei felt a headache coming when he saw that everyone wanted to follow them over to the Divine Tuo Holy World. If they all leave, what would happen to the Otherworldly Mansion?

What about the World River?

However, he could only leave the solutions up to Huang Xiaolong. After all, Huang Xiaolong had the final say if he wanted to bring them along.

Long Jianfei quickly threw the problem to the back of his mind. The management of the Cangqiong Holy World had nothing to do with him.

Tens of years passed once again and Huang Xiaolong slowly emerged from the Cangqiong Dao Palace.

“Young Lord!” Long Jianfei exclaimed in excitement as everyone rushed over to greet the newly powered up Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong’s mood was lifted instantly when he realized that he had entered the late-Ninth Heaven True Saint Realm. Compared to his past self, his strength had increased by at least one fold.

Right now, he knew that he could easily deal with Chi Dao and the other two with a flick of his wrist. If he had to deal with them now, he wouldn’t even need to summon his dao artifacts!

“Did anything happen in the Sky Opening Island during the time I was consolidating my foundations?” F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Long Jianfei and the others looked at each other and shook their heads.

Huang Xiaolong frowned.

He had chosen the location to cross his ninth tribulation because he wanted to threaten the Sky Opening Island Spirit with the terrifying pressure that came with the tribulation. If the spirit didn’t react, it seemed as though it possessed enough confidence to meet Huang Xiaolong head on in a battle.

After all, it didn’t even show its face after feeling the pressure that came from his tribulation.

Soon after, Mo Zhi reported that there were seventy sky opening beats and a handful of them were in the Sixth Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm.

The numbers were definitely enough to shock anyone who heard it, but Huang Xiaolong didn’t feel like it was unexpected. After all, he had estimated the strength of the Sky Opening Island before heading over.

After hearing several explanations, Huang Xiaolong asked for the others to wait for him before heading over to the island personally.

“Young Lord, why don’t we go with you?” Long Jianfei couldn’t help but suggest when he heard what Huang Xiaolong wanted to do.

“There’s no need.” Huang Xiaolong shook his head. “It won’t be convenient for me to use my full strength if all of you are present.”

Even though it sounded ugly, he spoke the truth.

If he actually came to blows with the Sky Opening Island Spirit, the battle would definitely be more intense than the one in the Holy World. Chi Dao and the others couldn’t even hold a candle to the Sky Opening Island Spirit and even someone at Mo Zhi’s level would only be a liability.

Hearing his reason, all of them accepted their fates and chose to wait for Huang Xiaolong where they were. After all, they knew that with their abilities, they would be useless if a fight broke out.

After passing down an order for them to guard the surroundings, Huang Xiaolong headed towards the Sky Opening Island alone.

Now that he was back, he found the place extremely familiar. The restrictions that had troubled him were no longer a problem as he dealt with them with a wave of his arm. There were no longer any obstructions as he headed deep into the lands.

Of course, in order to play it safe, Huang Xiaolong pushed his dao souls to their limits to detect any changes in the environment.

With his current abilities, there were no longer any restrictions that could avoid detection or hinder him in the slightest.

Compared to the time he first came to the Sky Opening Island, his strength was at a whole new level.

Along the way, he sent all the sky opening beasts flying with a single slap wherever he came across one. He only chose to subdue them if they were in the Primal Ancestor Realm.

Very quickly, he arrived in the place where Yuan Qianxing and the others had surrounded him previously, and he stared at the Death Cave before him. He hesitated for a moment before jumping in.

Previously, he had dealt with all the death bugs with his divine flames, and nothing had stopped him as he had made his way deeper into the cave.

The Xuanhuang River was still present, and the stench pervaded his senses.

When he finally reached the end of the Xuanhuang River, Huang Xiaolong approached the region where he had obtained the Tree of Grand Dao and grand dao source springs.

Even though he had already retrieved the tree and spring the last time he had come, the grand dao energy in the air was astounding. The earth had already transformed with the assistance of the treasures that sat upon it in the past, and every single grain of dirt on the ground was considered a treasure.

Very quickly, Huang Xiaolong approached the region where he had felt the existence of the Sky Opening Island Spirit.

“Old freak, are you planning to hide forever? If that’s the case, I’ll force you out of your hiding spot!” Huang Xiaolong growled. He knew that the spirit had already felt his presence and was intentionally hiding itself.

As soon as he spoke, he pressed against the ground with both his arms. A terrifying wave of energy surged through the lands, and the Sky Opening Island trembled unceasingly. No one knew how long the innate Xuanhuang Stone had existed for, and no expert had been able to move it even the slightest bit. Not even high-level Primal Ancestors could do a thing to it.

However, Huang Xiaolong’s strike seemed to resonate with the deepest part of the island, and it felt as though the entire island would be torn in two.

As the terrifying wave of energy started to spread out with Huang Xiaolong as the core, every single structure in the Sky Opening Island started to crumble.

Seeing as Huang Xiaolong wasn’t planning to stop, a pillar of light finally emerged from the core of the island, and a rainbow-colored light entered his sights. Mysterious energy that alarmed Huang Xiaolong surged out from the depths of the island, and it was something he had never felt before in his many years of existence.

Boom!

The energy wave Huang Xiaolong had sent out to destroy the island was scattered the moment the powerful pressure appeared.

Soon after, a rainbow-colored figure appeared in the skies above the island.

Huang Xiaolong was slightly taken aback when he saw the figure standing high in the skies. Was that the Sky Opening Island’s spirit he was talking about? It looked like a cartoon character with its body formed out of a ball of rainbow-colored light. Its pretty little eyes and tiny lips could be seen vaguely, and it looked like a cute little thing.

From what Huang Xiaolong had expected, the spirit of the island should have been an old freak given its years of existence in the Cangqiong Holy World. That was also the reason he had called it an old freak when he tried to force it to appear.

As soon as the seven-colored spirit appeared, it stared at Huang Xiaolong ‘hatefully’ with its adorable little eyes and snapped, “You’re so irritating!”

Even the way it spoke was somewhat cute.

Huang Xiaolong roared with laughter when he saw its appearance. “Is that so? You might find me irritating, but you’re pretty interesting!” Huang Xiaolong spoke the truth. The little spirit was indeed pretty lovable when he thought about it.

As soon as he spoke, rainbow-colored lights emerged from the little spirit and shot towards Huang Xiaolong.

Feeling the power contained within the pillars of light, Huang Xiaolong didn’t dare to be careless, and he quickly summoned the Cangqiong Blade and the Flying Heavens Spear to defend himself.

A ray of light that seemed to sunder the heavens appeared, and a massive explosion rang through the World River.