Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2740: Back to the Cangqiong Sacred Land

After Zeng Changwang was killed, Huang Xiaolong grabbed his dao soul and threw it into the Cangqiong Dao Palace with practiced ease.

One more new dao soul was added to the Cangqiong Dao Palace!

Now, he was just waiting to break through to the Primal Ancestor Realm.

Hou Ting and the others were dumbstruck, and they failed to recover even after a long time.

Needless to say, Wang Xueru and the disciples of the Cangqiong Sacred Land were equally as shocked.

They might have seen Huang Xiaolong destroy He Ba’s physical body, but that was a Fourth Resurrection Primal Ancestor they were talking about! Zeng Changwang was a Seventh Resurrection Primal Ancestor, and his strength was leagues ahead of He Ba!

The grand dao energy Zeng Changwang could command was a thousand times stronger than He Ba! Even so, he was killed by Huang Xiaolong!

Duan Feng and the others were equally as stunned.

No matter how strong Huang Xiaolong was, he wouldn’t be able to blow a Seventh Resurrection Primal Ancestor into nothingness in the Cangqiong Holy World! Now, it seemed that Huang Xiaolong’s strength took another leap forward!

They were right. Ever since Huang Xiaolong had entered the Divine Tuo Holy World, the power of his Huang Long Bloodline had grown considerably. It had become incredibly strong, and the power he could draw upon caused his attack power to rise exponentially.

Everything had changed when he had entered the Ninth Heaven True Saint Realm. He received a comprehensive boost to his abilities when he did so, but everyone felt that there wasn’t much of a difference with him.

After all, nobody had seen the battle between Huang Xiaolong and the spirit of the Sky Opening Island when he had broken through to the Ninth Heaven True Saint Realm.

Huang Xiaolong’s attack was strong, but it was barely enough to destroy Zeng Changwang’s body with a single strike. Zeng Changwang’s physical defense was considered on the lower side of cultivators in the same realm.

After keeping Zeng Changwang’s dao soul away, he paused for a second to allow Hou Ting and the others to digest the news.

After some time, they finally snapped back to reality. Blood drained from their faces and they looked at Huang Xiaolong in terror.

“Are you the Cangqiong Old Man’s direct disciple?!”Hou Ting trembled in fear.

Even the Cangqiong Old Man, a mid-Seventh Resurrection Primal Ancestor, did not have that kind of power!

The Cangqiong Old Man was slightly stronger than Zeng Changwang, but Huang Xiaolong was too damn strong!

“You’re right, the Cangqiong Old Man is my master,” Huang Xiaolong revealed.

A conflicted feeling formed in the hearts of Hou Ting and the others. They couldn’t be more shocked, and they cowered instinctively.

They began to back away slowly.

“Just a word of advice, any attempt to escape will only result in Zeng Changwang’s death.” Huang Xiaolong reminded them as he noticed their tiny movements.

Everyone who planned to do something stopped dead in their tracks.

“I’ll give you two mintues to think about your choice. Either serve me, or end up like Zeng Changwang and He Ba,” Huang Xiaolong continued.

Duan Feng and the others on Huang Xiaolong’s side quickly locked onto Hou Ting and the others. As long as they tried to do anything other than kneel, they would strike immediately.

The disciples of the Cangqiong Sacred Land and the other factions stared at the Primal Ancestors of the Ice Blue Sacred Land.

Silence fell upon the lands.

The commotion created when Huang Xiaolong had sent Zeng Changwang to meet his end alarmed the disciples of the Ice Blue Sacred Land, and an army soon approached.

Hou Ting looked at his disciples and a weird feeling formed in his heart.

“One more minute!” Huang Xiaolong reminded.

A cold light flashed in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes when he looked at Hou Ting. Huang Xiaolong knew that Hou Ting was thinking about his chances of escaping in the chaos that would ensue if he ordered the disciples of the Ice Blue Sacred Land to charge at Huang Xiaolong.

Hou Ting trembled subconsciously when he noticed the look of annoyance forming on Huang Xiaolong’s face.

After considering the extremely slim chances of him successfully escaping, he chose to serve Huang Xiaolong.

The other Primal Ancestors ultimately chose to follow Hou Ting’s decision even though they were reluctant to do so. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Wang Xueru and the others look on as Hou Ting and the other Primal Ancestors greeted Huang Xiaolong respectfully. The fact that the Ice Blue Patriarch was acting subserviently to Huang Xiaolong blew their minds.

Hou Ting, a mid-Seventh Resurrection Primal Ancestor, who had commanded the Ice Blue Sacred Land for countless years, bowed down to Huang Xiaolong! Be it in identity, status, power, and experience, he was leagues ahead of the Cangqiong Old Man!

In front of Huang Xiaolong, he was as docile as a house kitten!

Long Jianfei and Duan Feng weren’t surprised at all. In fact, Long Jianfei thought that it was perfectly normal for them to submit.

As the Son of Creation of the Huang Long World, it was a matter of time before Huang Xiaolong rose above the rest to become a supreme being!

In the near future, every single Primal Ancestor and even the Dao Venerables of the Divine Tuo Holy World would become Huang Xiaolong’s underling!

Hou Ting and the six other Primal Ancestors were pretty lucky to be the first batch of experts to submit to Huang Xiaolong.

It didn’t take long for Huang Xiaolong to brand their dao souls.

When he was done, Huang Xiaolong no longer remained in the region. He returned to the Cangqiong Sacred Land with Wang Xueru and the others.

Huang Xiaolong ordered for Hou Ting and the others to remain in the Ice Blue Sacred Land in order to take care of things there.

Along his way, Huang Xiaolong asked about the matter of the Cangqiong Sacred Land.

“What do you mean? The Primal Ancestors hired by the master loot cultivation resources?!” Huang Xiaolong probed further as a frown formed on his face.

“That’s right. Chen Birui and the others are using their identity to steal cultivation resources. They seem to agree with the master’s orders, but they never follow through. They are nothing but parasites for the Cangqiong Sacred Land,” Wang Xueru snapped.

“Does our master know about this?”

“Of course he does. However, he chose to turn a blind eye to their actions in order to keep them in the Cangqiong Sacred Land.”

It seemed like the Cangqiong Sacred Land was in a worse state than he had imagined. Huang Xiaolong shook his head in worry. His master, the Cangqiong Old Man, chose to allow the other Primal Ancestors to run rampant in order to keep them there!