Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2786: Qilin Chariot

Confused, the two of them used their dao souls to examine Huang Xiaolong once more. They discovered that he was really at the Ninth Heaven True Saint Realm, and they even used the Saint Devil Heart possessed by Saint Devil Sacred Land to ensure the accuracy of their discoveries.

“Brat, where are you from?” One of them sneered. “This is a private cultivation cave possessed by our Saint Devil Sacred Land. Do you know who the Saint Devil Prince is? You had better get lost right now before we exterminate your soul!”

The two of them let their guard down after learning that Huang Xiaolong was at the True Saint Realm.

Staring at the two of them, Huang Xiaolong mocked, “When did the Immemorial Immortal Cave become a private cultivation cave of your Saint Devil Scared Land?”

As soon as he spoke, their expressions changed.

“I’ll give you ten seconds to get out of my way,” Huang Xiaolong said as a cold light flashed through his eyes. “Otherwise, I’ll cripple you even if you’re experts from the Saint Devil Sacred Land!”

He was greeted with a round of laughter from the two Primal Ancestors.

A True Saint was giving them ten seconds to get out of his way…

He even planned to cripple them if they refused!

“Brat, your talent in formations should be pretty good seeing as you managed to break through the restrictions. You might be able to defeat First Resurrection Primal Ancestors with your talent, but people at our level will be able to kill you with a puff of breath. Killing you is nothing more than killing a slightly larger cockroach! I don’t care which sacred land you come from. I’ll repeat myself one last time. Scram!” The other Primal Ancestor snorted.

“Just give up if you think you’re going to get lucky. We’re both Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestors.”

Huang Xiaolong stared at them with a placid expression even after they revealed their cultivation realm.

Seeing as the brat was unwilling to back down, a trace of anger formed in their hearts.

“Brat, since you refuse to leave, you can disappear from the face of existence!” One of them sent a punch flying towards Huang Xiaolong all of a sudden and the space around his fist crumbled.

The terrifying power caused the space surrounding them to fluctuate wildly, as Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestors could be considered peak-level existences in the Saint Devil Heavenly Cave.

Even though they were only early-Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestors, they could exterminate many smaller sacred lands with their power alone.

However, Huang Xiaolong’s expression didn’t even change when he faced their attack. As he sent out a punch of his own, their fists slammed into each other.

When the other Primal Ancestor saw that Huang Xiaolong wanted to take the attack head-on, he sneered in his heart. He wanted to open his mouth to mock Huang Xiaolong, but the scene that played out next shocked him. His senior brother screamed in pain as the muscles and flesh in his arm burst apart. He flew through the air and slammed into the entrance of the Immemorial Immortal Cave before losing consciousness.

With a single punch, his senior brother was sent to the shadow realm!

“Senior… Senior Brother?!” He didn’t dare to believe his eyes.

Turning around, he glared at Huang Xiaolong with a trace of shock in his heart.

Peak of the late-Ninth Heaven True Saint Realm?!

“Who… Who are you?!”

Huang Xiaolong didn’t bother replying as he continued his countdown, “Five seconds have already passed.”

Staring at him with a blank expression, the Primal Ancestor didn’t catch his meaning.

Seeing as the other party had no intentions to leave, Huang Xiaolong’s figure blurred, and his right hand shot outwards.

“Bang!”

With a single blast, the other Primal Ancestor was sent flying like his companion. He slammed into the ground inside the entrance of the cultivation cave and dented it.

Sending a Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestor flying was nothing to Huang Xiaolong. Many mid-Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestors would be able to do the same. However, punching them so hard that they lost consciousness was a whole different story. The defenses of a Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestor’s dao soul was no joke. Huang Xiaolong only managed to do so by injuring their dao souls during his attack.

Charging through the entrance, Huang Xiaolong caught sight of the two Primal Ancestors. After a short moment of consideration, he sealed their powers and threw them into the Cangqiong Dao Palace.

He had yet to enter the Primal Ancestor Realm. But when he did, he would be able to devour the dao souls of Primal Ancestors, and their souls would be much more effective than dao souls of regular Primal Ancestors.

When he was done, he looked towards the Immemorial Immortal Cave.

“That’s a shocking amount of Immemorial grand dao energy,” Huang Xiaolong gasped in shock. However, a look of joy soon appeared in his eyes.

The grand dao energy contained in the word could be classified according to levels. The immemorial grand dao energy was one of the best ones, and it was evident that there was an immemorial grand dao treasure located in the Immemorial Immortal Cave. In fact, there might be an Immemorial Grand Dao Tree!

Regardless, they were all urgently needed by Huang Xiaolong.

He knew that he would be able to enter the Primal Ancestor Realm as long as he managed to refine the treasures in the Immemorial Immortal Cave. He might even be able to enter the mid-First Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm if he was lucky!

Suppressing the joy in his heart, Huang Xiaolong swept his gaze across the lands. The most important thing he had to do was to locate the eye of the formation. As soon as he managed to control that, he would be able to gain control of the entire Immemorial Immortal Cave! When that happened, the entire cultivation cave would be his!

From what he could see, the Saint Devil Prince had yet to locate the eye of the formation!

Disappearing from where he once stood, he shot towards one of the mountain ranges in the distance.

The one problem he realized after entering the immortal cave was that there was a special type of power suppressing his dao souls. The radius he could detect was only a million miles around him.

Even though the area seemed to be quite large, when compared to the Immemorial Immortal Cave, it was nothing more than a drop in the ocean. It would be a near-impossible task for him to locate the eye of the formation! It was no wonder the Saint Devil Prince and the others had failed to control the immortal cave after so many days.

Soaring through the skies, he looked at the spiritual mountain range below and saw holy spiritual herbs and fruits everywhere. Moreover, most of them were at the highest-grade.

He could see that the experts of the Saint Devil Sacred Land had passed up on them, and so did Huang Xiaolong. None of them were there for mere holy spiritual herbs and fruits.

As he flew deeper into the immortal cave, he could feel the density of the immemorial grand dao qi in the air growing stronger. Sucking in a deep breath, he felt as though he was floating on clouds.

If he managed to obtain the Immemorial Immortal Cave, he would be able to cultivate several times faster than before! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The immemorial grand dao qi in the air was several thousand times better than the holy spiritual qi in the Cangqiong Dao Palace!

If he wasn’t busy looking for the eye of the formation, Huang Xiaolong would have started cultivating in the place!

Several hours passed in a flash, and Huang Xiaolong discovered many rare holy herbs in his surroundings. There were some that approached the realm of grand dao herbs, and Huang Xiaolong didn’t stand on ceremony as he retrieved all of them.

As he searched all around the immortal cave, a massive explosion rang out from the skies and a massive chariot flew towards him.

Two qilins were pulling the chariot along, and it was emitting blinding rays of light.

Several dozen experts could be seen chasing the chariot down, and it was clear that they wanted to subdue it for themselves!