Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2792: Saint Devil Prince’s Arrival

His guess was right! The Immemorial Sword was in the treasury!

Unable to control himself, the sides of his lips curled upwards as joy overwhelmed him.

That was the weapon of the Immemorial Dao Venerable they were talking about! It was a divine artifact that surpassed Primal Ancestor Grand Dao Artifacts and powerful fluctuations surrounded it.

The power that surrounded it was the strength of a world created by a Dao Venerable, and it enhanced the strength of the weapon to an astonishing degree.

Of course, a Dao Venerable couldn’t create a weapon like that whenever he wanted to. They had to use a large amount of energy from the world they had created, and it exhausted a large portion of their strength! The number of cosmos-level weapons was extremely few, and some low-level Dao Venerables didn’t have one of their own! That was because the creation of the world required a large amount of energy, and they had to ensure that the world didn’t collapse. If they used the energy to refine Cosmos Artifacts, they would affect the development of the world they created!

As such, only experts like the Immemorial Dao Venerable could produce a weapon of this level!

The cosmos-level artifacts created by Dao Venerables were also known as Dao Venerable Cosmos Artifacts, or Cosmos Artifacts in short.

One had to use the power of the entire cosmos they created to make a single Cosmos Artifact. That was also the reason Huang Xiaolong could notice the peculiarity of the sword the moment he entered.

In any case, he couldn’t act carelessly, and he looked at the Immemorial Qilins for confirmation. When he saw that they nodded their heads, he could finally heave a sigh of relief. That was indeed the Immemorial Sword hanging in the middle of the treasury!

Incomparable excitement surged through the hearts of the qilins when they saw the sword.

Without wasting another second, Huang Xiaolong’s figure blurred as he appeared before the sword.

The Immemorial Sword might have been sealed in the space within the treasury, but nothing was able to hold back the sharp blade light it emitted. When Huang Xiaolong arrived before the sword, he could feel a prickling sensation on his skin as though thousands of blades were pointed at him.

The sword light was so sharp that it seemed to contain the power of slicing a sacred land into two.

That was just the sword light they were talking about! The body of the sword wasn’t even considered in the equation!

If a Dao Venerable wielded the Immemorial Sword with all his might, wouldn’t he be able to sleeve a creed in two?!

Sucking in a cold breath, Huang Xiaolong summoned everything he had.

The most important thing he had to do was to shatter the seal around the sword and refine it.

As long as he started refining the sword, he would be able to control the entire Immemorial Immortal Cave!

The Immemorial Qilins were shocked when Huang Xiaolong revealed three dao souls and twelve high-order Saint Fates.

“That’s the Xuanhuang Supreme Dragon Dao Soul!”

“Nefarious Origin Dao Soul!”

“Great Immemorial Dao Soul!”

It was clear his dao souls came from the evolutions of his godheads, hence the names.

It also went without saying that the stronger his godheads were before they evolved, the stronger his dao souls would be!

In their endless years of existence, this was the first time the Immemorial Qilins saw anyone with three dao souls, much less three top-tier dao souls!

“This… Doesn’t this seem like his dao souls can still evolve?!” The qilins gasped in shock when they scrutinized his dao souls.

His ability to continuously evolve his godheads transferred over to his dao souls.

Moreover, they discovered that Huang Xiaolong’s dao souls seemed to be connected to the origin.

Unbeknownst to them, Huang Xiaolong had devoured the Origin Saint Godhead when he was still in the Cangqiong Holy World.

The twelve high-order Saint Fates were the next thing the qilins were shocked about.

Traveling through countless regions in the Divine Tuo Holy World with the Immemorial Dao Venerable, they had seen countless geniuses in their time. There were even some whom the Immemorial Dao Venerable had to admit were more talented than himself!

However, even talents at that level were only able to obtain ten high-order Saint Fates at best!

Not a single person had managed to obtain more than ten!

If one managed to obtain eight high-order Saint Fates, they would be considered the absolute geniuses of their generation. Only young patriarchs of the strongest creeds would be able to possess eight high-order Saint Fates.

Anyone with nine high-order Saint Fates would be known as the chosen one of their generation!

A chosen one who would reign supreme in his era!

If one managed to obtain ten high-order Saint Fates, they would be the strongest expert birthed since time immemorial! They would be the one and only supreme beings whose name would be carved into the records of the Divine Tuo Holy World!

Since the creation of the world, no one with ten high-order Saint Fates had ever appeared. From what everyone felt, ten high-order Saint Fates represented grand perfection. It was the highest achievement anyone could ever obtain!

However, Huang Xiaolong, who was standing before the two qilins right now, had twelve high-order Saint Fates! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

A complicated expression appeared on their faces, but when they thought about the background of the kid, the feeling of envy in their heart slowly disappeared. He was the one whose father was the God of Creations. What else could they expect?

As the son of the God of Creation, it was normal for him to break the limits of the world, right?

The two Immemorial Fire and Ice Qilins stared at each other and sighed.

While they were trying to comfort themselves, blinding rays of light shot out from the Immemorial Sword and shattered the space around them.

Snapping back to attention, the two beasts saw that Huang Xiaolong had started his assault on the restrictions around the sword. Rushing over hastily to help him, they opened their mouths to spit out a beam of energy that slammed heavily into the eye of the restriction.

As companions of the Immemorial Dao Venerable, they knew his art of formations pretty well. With their assistance, Huang Xiaolong’s speed of shattering the formation increased by several times.

If he had to do it alone, Huang Xiaolong felt that he would require several days in order to break the restrictions around the sword. However, the time was shortened to less than half a day with the help of the Immemorial Qilins.

The moment the restrictions were broken, a ray of sword light emerged and tore the space around it as though it was as fragile as paper.

As he raised his arms to defend himself, Huang Xiaolong felt a sharp pain running through his body as his arms were slashed open by the sword light! Fresh blood dripped onto the ground below, and Huang Xiaolong sucked in a cold breath. He was extremely confident in the defensive capabilities of his body, and even peak-grade Primal Ancestor Dao Artifacts would find it hard to tear through his skin!

Right now, he was injured after being grazed by a single strand of sword light!

Even though it wasn’t a deep cut, it was shocking enough!

Staring at the sword happily, Huang Xiaolong knew that he had struck the jackpot this time. The stronger the weapon, the better it would be for him!

Wrapping his dao souls around the sword, Huang Xiaolong started the refinement process.

If ordinary Primal Ancestor Realm experts were present, they would require several dozen years in order to refine the sword! However, this was Huang Xiaolong we were talking about! With the assistance of his three supreme dao souls, all he needed was a day!

When he started the refinement of the sword, the space above the Immemorial Mountain Range trembled and a group of experts appeared. They were naturally the Saint Devil Prince and his subordinates.