Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2806: Light of Nirvana

Black lotus flames!

Even Dao Venerables’ dao souls would be harmed by the black lotus flame if they were a little careless when handling it! The appearance of the black lotus flame could be said to happen once every era, and one might only be able to see such things in the most dangerous regions in the Divine Tuo Holy World! They actually made their appearance when Huang Xiaolong was entering the First Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm!

Fu Daosheng and the others didn’t dare to believe their eyes.

As the resurrection purple-golden lightning clouds gathered above the treasury, a horrifying pressure descended on the lands. Those present felt their scalps going numb when they looked at the incoming tribulation.

“Will Young Lord be able to cross the tribulation?” someone asked with a face full of fear.

Even at the peak of the Primal Ancestor Realm, he felt that even Dao Venerables would perish under the might of the tribulation!

Even though Huang Xiaolong was the son of the God of Creation, no one dared to say for sure if he would be able to withstand the resurrection purple-golden lightning and black lotus flame!

Long Jianfei smiled and nodded resolutely. “He will definitely cross the tribulation!”

He was the person who had followed Huang Xiaolong for the longest time, and he had seen how Huang Xiaolong crossed tribulations far more terrifying than those meant for people of his cultivation realm. As such, he was extremely sure that Huang Xiaolong would be able to cross his Primal Ancestor tribulation.

He was like the others, who had questioned Huang Xiaolong’s ability to cross his eighth and ninth dao tribulation, but he had seen how Huang Xiaolong had triumphed over them with ease.

Under the shocked gazes of everyone present, the lightning and flames once again increased in strength. They didn’t show any signs of falling even after an hour.

A type of dark green light emerged from the flames after an hour.

The light was something like sword light, and it was born after something passed the limit of perfection. Fu Daosheng, Zhou Hong, and the others felt a sense of pressure unlike any other they had felt before. Even people like them had no idea what the dark green light represented.

After half a day, the black lotus flame finally stopped increasing in intensity, and the space around the Immemorial Immortal Cave was completely surrounded by streaks of purple-golden lightning and jet black flames. The dark green light that surrounded the black flames was flickering, and it exuded an aura of destruction that caused Fu Daosheng and the others to feel extreme terror.

The air inside the immortal cave seemed to come to a standstill, and the Immemorial Qilins appeared beside Fu Daosheng and the others. A look of shock could be seen on their faces as they stared at the lightning and flames.

“That seems to be the Light of Nirvana!” The ice qilin gasped in shock. It seemed to know something about the dark green light, but the qilin didn’t dare to confirm its identity.

“There’s no way… Right?” The fire qilin’s voice trembled as it spoke.

“Light of Nirvana?” Fu Daosheng asked with a trace of confusion.

“The Light of Nirvana is one of the most terrifying energies in the world. No one knows how scary it actually is. However, legends have it that the light can return everything back to chaos. Similar to a phoenix during nirvana, they would return to chaos before being reborn!”

“Reborn?!” Cangqiong Old Man jumped in fright. “What happens if the rebirth fails?”

...

The ice qilin chose to remain quiet.

“If the rebirth fails, he will return to nothingness!” the fire qilin explained.

Everyone couldn’t believe what they heard.

If one failed the rebirth, they would return to nothingness! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Not even the dao soul would remain!

“Why would something like this appear in Young Lord’s Primal Ancestor ascension tribulation?!” Long Jianfei yelled.

The qilins shook their heads. No one knew what was going on, but they could only say that Huang Xiaolong’s tribulation had already exceeded the scope of their understanding. He would fall if he failed the tribulation, but if he crossed it, his strength would no longer be comparable to usual standards! No one would know the extent of the increase in Huang Xiaolong’s ability if he crossed the tribulation.

His grand dao physique would definitely possess the power of nirvana. Even if his body was destroyed, he would be able to reshape a physical body for himself! He would be like a phoenix that could return to life! The greatest phoenix that was born during the creation of the world could return to life a total of nine times.

When everyone was still stuck in a state of shock, the first bolt of lightning slammed into the treasury. No matter how strong the Immemorial Grand Formation was, it couldn’t stop the descent of heavenly tribulation. Not to mention the fact that the purple-golden lightning was combined with the black lotus flame and Light of Nirvana that could destroy the Immemorial Dao Venerable several times over.

The instant the lightning slammed into the treasury, the world seemed to end as blinding light eliminated every color visible to man.

It was as though only black and white existed in the chaos, and everyone felt their hearts stopping for a moment.

Boom!

A terrifying blast rang through the immortal cave as the real tribulation descended. Purple-golden lightning, black lotus flame, and the Light of Nirvana came crashing down on Huang Xiaolong.

Wave after wave slammed into the lands, and the non-stop blasts deafened everyone.

Every time an explosion entered their ears, everyone felt their dao souls trembling.

Everyone knew that Huang Xiaolong was using the power of the immemorial grand dao energy to fight against the tribulation.

Instead of finding the blasts frightening, everyone present knew that as long as they could hear the sound of resistance, Huang Xiaolong was fine.

After a hundred waves fell, the tribulation seemed to stop. However, it didn’t disappear as everything gathered into a single ball of energy. This ball of energy glowed purple, black, and green as it hovered in the skies above the treasury.

Boom!

The resurrection purple-golden lightning, black lotus flame, and Light of Nirvana formed a mountain-like ball as it slammed towards the tiny human figure below.

A thought flashed in the minds of everyone present, and they felt as though the ball of energy would shatter the Immemorial Immortal Cave completely as soon as it landed.

Boom!

After a heaven-shattering explosion, silence descended onto the lands. The ball of energy disappeared as though it hadn’t existed in the first place, and color returned to the world.

No one knew how to react as they stared at each other.

“Nothing should have happened to him, right?” Cangqiong Old Man asked before leading everyone over. “Let’s go take a look!”

Since Huang Xiaolong had activated the restrictions around the treasury, no one could see the situation inside.

With Cangqiong Old Man leading the way, everyone quickly approached the treasury. However, when they were four hundred feet away, a terrifying wave of energy emerged to stop them. Even the strongest experts present, the Immemorial Fire and Ice Qilin, were unable to take another step forward.