Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2809: Another One!

Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

As such, Huang Xiaolong entered seclusion once again.

The first time he did was to completely refine the Immemorial Sword.

Since he obtained cosmos energy after breaking into the Primal Ancestor Realm, refining the sword became much easier than before. It only took him several days to gain complete control over the sword.

Once Huang Xiaolong were to gain control of the Immemorial Grand Formation, and he appeared in the outside world, even late-First Esteem Dao Venerables would be hard-pressed to escape from the Immemorial Immortal Cave if they were to be trapped inside it.

After he was done with the sword, Huang Xiaolong swallowed the grand dao pills and grand dao herbs in the treasury.

A total of eight bottles of grand dao pills could be seen in the treasury, and all of them were refined by the Immemorial Dao Venerable. After receiving endless tempering by the immemorial grand dao energy for an unknown amount of time, the quality of the pills had increased by a little.

If Huang Xiaolong went out to auction off the pills, he would probably amass more fortune than Yi Beihang in an instant.

Staring at the bottles before him, Huang Xiaolong waved his hand and tore off the restrictions on a single bottle. The Immemorial Grand Dao Pill appeared before him in an instant.

Like a brilliant sun burning in the midday sky, the pill hovered in the air before Huang Xiaolong.

There were a total of eighteen pills in the bottle, and Huang Xiaolong had merely retrieved the first one.

By the time all eighteen emerged, the immemorial treasury was like a volcano ready to erupt as immemorial grand dao energy filled the space in the treasury.

Ordinary Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestors would be sent flying with the sudden burst of energy, but Huang Xiaolong was indifferent. He opened his mouth and sucked in all the immemorial grand dao energy around him.

All eighteen pills entered Huang Xiaolong’s mouth in the next instant.

He swallowed them whole, without the slightest bit of caution.

Luckily for him, no one else was there to witness the scene. Otherwise, someone might have died from fright.

Immemorial Grand Dao Pills could be classified as a mid-grade grand dao pill. Even First Esteem Dao Venerables would be hesitant to swallow one whole! That was because they wouldn’t be able to completely refine the energy inside the pills, and there was a chance they would be hurt by the backlash! If they were careless, their dao hearts might suffer serious injuries!

However, Huang Xiaolong swallowed eighteen of them at once!

A massive explosion happened in his body the moment all eighteen pills entered his stomach. They released a frightening amount of grand dao energy that smashed against every corner of Huang Xiaolong’s body.

Without the slightest change in his expression, Huang Xiaolong activated his Huang Long Bloodline to devour the energy coming from the pills.

Huang Xiaolong refined the first pill after several minutes.

Huang Xiaolong completely devoured the immemorial grand dao energy in the pill in an instant, and he quickly transformed the energy to something he could use to temper his body. Golden light filled every inch of his being, from his dao souls, Saint Fates, to his dao heart.

Several hours passed like that, and he refined the energy that came from the first dao pill!

The second soon followed, and the third came after…

Several days later, he completed the refinement process for all eighteen pills!

Opening the second bottle, Huang Xiaolong continued.

By the time a month passed, Huang Xiaolong had swallowed four bottles worth of grand dao pills.

He had realized that ever since his Huang Long Bloodline had undergone a rebirth, he could devour an instant amount of energy every second.

To his surprise, the effects of the grand dao pills exceeded his expectations. By the time he was done with the third bottle, he had arrived at the peak of the late-First Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm.

When he was done with the fourth bottle, he knew that he could summon the tribulation to enter the Second Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm.

However, Huang Xiaolong didn’t continue to devour the pills after that. He wasn’t in a rush to break through, and instead, he sat in the eye of the formation, and he started to temper the grand dao energy in him. He comprehended the grand dao laws, and the power of nirvana he had awakened. He wanted to familiarise himself with all the energies he could control.

Several years passed in the blink of an eye, and Huang Xiaolong could no longer control the energy contained within him. Unable to suppress his cultivation, he emerged from the treasury.

When he thought about how terrifying his next tribulation would be, he decided to cross it outside the Immemorial Immortal Cave.

Everyone was stunned when he brought up his idea.

“Crossing the tribulation outside the cave?!” Fu Daosheng gasped.

Didn’t that mean that he was planning to cross his tribulation in the endless chaos void?! There were chaotic streams along with violent spatial cracks! Even half-step Dao Venerables like Fu Daosheng and the others didn’t dare to enter the chaotic void, and Huang Xiaolong was planning to cross his tribulation in that very space!

Moreover, it was just the second tribulation in the Primal Ancestor Realm!

However, they soon realized that something was wrong. It had only been several years, and Huang Xiaolong was planning to enter the Second Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm.

“Xiaolong, this… this might be a little too dangerous,” Cangqiong Old Man muttered.

Fei Yanzi and the others tried to convince him, but Huang Xiaolong shook his head in response. “All of you can rest assured that I will return unharmed.”

Even the innate energy pulses from the world would be unable to hurt him, much less the chaotic streams and spatial cracks. That was something Huang Xiaolong had learned after his rebirth, and the second tribulation was nothing more than a mere formality to him.

With his mind made up, Huang Xiaolong appeared in the space outside the Immemorial Immortal Cave.

As soon as he emerged, he was slammed by the chaotic streams. However, he stood tall and firm without the slightest signs of injury.

Under the shocked gazes of everyone present, Huang Xiaolong released his aura, and he no longer suppressed his cultivation. Lightning and flames gathered in the air above him.

Like his previous tribulation, resurrection purple-golden lightning and black lotus flames could be seen in the air. The Light of Nirvana was also present, and those watching couldn’t help but exclaim in shock, “How can the Light of Nirvana still be present?”

It seemed as though the tribulation was several times stronger than before!