Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2810: Huang Long Armor

When Huang Xiaolong saw the Light of Nirvana, he was overjoyed.

The Light of Nirvana appeared once again!

That was something extremely beneficial to him! In the past, he had managed to completely awaken his Huang Long Bloodline with its help, and now that the Light of Nirvana had appeared again, he could increase his strength once more!

With its help, Huang Xiaolong’s dao souls, Saint Fates, and grand dao physique would be able to attain nirvana, reaching a whole new level of power!

Upon noticing that the Light of Nirvana was even stronger than before, Huang Xiaolong nearly cried out in joy.

Under his supposed ‘challenge’, the Light of Nirvana flickered and increased in power once again.

With the Light of Nirvana becoming stronger, the purple-golden lightning and black lotus flame didn’t plan to lose out as they gathered an insane amount of power while emitting blinding rays of light.

A day later, the tribulation clouds gathered above Huang Xiaolong’s head could rival a supercontinent. It was flickering a shade of purple, gold, black, and green, and it emitted a horrifying aura as it threatened to wipe out everything under it.

Boom!

Before anyone could prepare for its descent, the terrifying tribulation slammed down on Huang Xiaolong.

Facing the combined might of the purple-golden lightning, black lotus flame, and the Light of Nirvana, Huang Xiaolong rose into the skies and sent out a punch of his own!

The moment his punch slammed into the incoming tribulation, the world seemed to shatter.

That was the feeling that everyone felt as the space started to shatter before their eyes.

Boom!

The frighteningly powerful wave was shattered by Huang Xiaolong with a single punch!

After destroying the lightning, flames, and Light of Nirvana, pure streams of energy entered his body.

“Nice!” Huang Xiaolong exclaimed while absorbing all the remnant energy.

Cangqiong Old Man and the others stared at him in disbelief. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Who in their right minds would actively attack the tribulation they were about to face?! Not to mention the fact that they would enjoy the leftover energy while hovering in the skies…

If not for the fact that they knew Huang Xiaolong was not a masochist, they would have thought..

Once again, another wave started to fall. This time, it became even more fierce as it threatened to smash Huang Xiaolong into nothingness.

Huang Xiaolong punched out once again by soaring higher into the skies.

…

Wave after wave, Huang Xiaolong shattered everything in his path.

Whether it was the black lotus flame or the Light of Nirvana, nothing managed to harm Huang Xiaolong.

No one knew how many waves of tribulation fell, but they knew that they were no longer surprised that Huang Xiaolong was smashing through each wave with brute force.

Initially, they didn’t know how Huang Xiaolong had crossed his tribulation when he had entered the Primal Ancestor Realm, but it seemed as though they were worried for nothing.

All of a sudden, the energies in the skies started to gather, and the faces of everyone changed.

This was what had happened before Huang Xiaolong had taken on the final wave during his previous tribulation.

All of them recalled how powerful the final wave was, and they remember how they had thought that the Immemorial Immortal Cave was about to shatter under the horrifying might of the tribulation.

Huang Xiaolong finally turned serious when he looked up into the skies.

Bang!

The space around them shook violently as the chaotic void itself buckled under the power of the final strike. Chaotic flow swept about as the space shattered into even more pieces.

A golden dragon slowly appeared behind Huang Xiaolong, and his body seemed to turn completely gold as he punched with both his arms.

Everyone saw how the dragon behind Huang Xiaolong opened its mouth to release a roar that traveled several trillion miles.

With an explosion that threatened to end the world, Huang Xiaolong’s fists slammed into the final tribulation wave.

A massive spatial crack formed before him, and everyone saw how Huang Xiaolong shattered the combination of three energies. A tsunami of energy swallowed Huang Xiaolong, and his body broke down into specks of light before their very eyes.

Their expressions changed as they looked at the light fragments.

“Xiaolong!” Cangqiong Old Man, Fei Yanzi, and several others wanted to rush over, but they were blocked by a mysterious wall of energy.

It was the same feeling they had experienced when they had failed to enter the treasury while he d had crossed his first tribulation.

Everyone sucked in a cold breath when they noticed what was happening.

The ice qilin muttered, “There’s no need to worry. Young Lord is fine. We should just wait for him like we did before.”

Looking at each other, hesitation flashed through the eyes of everyone present but they eventually nodded. They couldn’t approach Huang Xiaolong even if they wanted to help. Even if they could, cultivators at their level couldn’t assist him in any way!

In front of everyone, Huang Xiaolong turned into another ball of light. The golden dragon appeared once again and swam about in the middle of the ball, devouring the energy around it.

Several years passed quickly and a figure soon stepped out from the ball of light.

Huang Xiaolong’s body reformed itself, and he looked to be in even better shape than before!

Seeing as he was back, everyone rejoiced as they rushed over.

Even though they had already arrived before him, Huang Xiaolong was busy checking on the condition inside his body. Unlike before, he only took several years of time to digest the energy contained in the second tribulation. His grand dao physique, dao souls, Saint Fates, and dao heart had improved by quite a bit.

Of course, he didn’t immediately enter the late-Second Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm. Despite that, he was satisfied.

With his cultivation speed, he would be able to enter the high-level Primal Ancestor Realm in a hundred years with enough grand dao spiritual veins and grand dao pills!

He knew that with every tribulation he crossed, his Huang Long Bloodline would improve after the baptism of the power of Nirvana. After reaching the First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, he might be able to refine a super grand dao spiritual vein in an instant!

As of that moment, he knew that even if he refined the remaining four bottles of grand dao pills, he would only be able to enter the mid-Second Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm.

After the congratulations were offered by those around him, Fu Daosheng handed over a report to Huang Xiaolong. “Young master, take a look at this!”

“A complete set?! Huang Long Armor?!” Huang Xiaolong yelled in shock.

The experts under Fu Daosheng had made the report to him, and from the reports, the Huang Long Armor had appeared in the Silver Dragon River in the region controlled by the Blue Heaven Creed!