Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2829 : FAKE COSMOS ENERGY

The power coming from Huang Xiaolong\'s body was even more terrifying than Yi Beihang. The expression of those standing around changed drastically.

In fact, they turned deathly pale.

They stared at Huang Xiaolong in shock.

It was as though they had seen something that shouldn\'t exist!

"You, you, this… Is this cosmos energy?! How is this possible?!" Yi Beihang\'s voice trembled as he cried out in shock.

They were looking at a Third Resurrection Primal Ancestor who could release cosmos energy!

Moreover, the cosmos energy he released was even stronger, purer, and richer than what Yi Beihang possessed!

It was as though a bolt of lightning struck them dead in the head as everyone stopped moving and looked at Huang Xiaolong with a horrified expression.

Fang Jing opened her tiny little lips, but her pretty face was filled with complex emotions. Shock, fear, doubt… A multitude of emotions flashed through her eyes.

Is this a miracle?

That was a miracle that only happened once since the creation of the Divine Tuo Holy World!

She couldn\'t describe the feeling in her heart.

Since the start of time, no one had ever heard of a cultivator below the Dao Venerable Realm able to wield cosmos energy!

The impossible was playing out in front of them right now! Huang Xiaolong, a Third Resurrection Primal Ancestor, was releasing stronger cosmos energy than Yi Beihang!

It was frightening that a Third Resurrection Primal Ancestor could wield cosmos energy, but the strength he possessed was even stronger than a First Esteem Dao Venerable!

That was simply inconceivable!

"Impossible, this has to be fake!" Yan San screamed, "This isn\'t cosmos energy! This has to be something else! It\'s something similar to cosmos energy!"

His shout shocked everyone.

Fake?!

"That\'s right, it has to be fake! How can a Third Resurrection Primal Ancestor wield cosmos energy?! Only Dao Venerables are able to refine cosmos energy, and it\'s the law of the world! No matter how talented someone is, they can\'t go against the laws of the world! It has to be fake!" Yi Beihang followed up.

Naturally, he didn\'t believe that Huang Xiaolong was using cosmos energy.

It might have been something similar, but there was no way it was cosmos energy!

There were many different types of energy, and it wouldn\'t be strange for there to be something similar to cosmos energy!

Fang Jing snapped back to reality as she patted her chest. Finally calming down, she sighed, "That\'s right. It\'s impossible for a Third Resurrection Primal Ancestor to possess cosmos energy. I almost got tricked by him!" The more she thought about it, the angrier she got.

She was enraged by the fact that Huang Xiaolong had a type of power similar to cosmos energy, and she was tricked into thinking that it was real!

Yu Sheng shook his head, "I believed it for a moment, but now that I think about it, it\'s definitely impossible. It\'s even more inconceivable to think that the power he wields is stronger than a Dao Venerable!"

Huang Xiaolong remained indifferent when he heard their accusations. Cosmos energy continued to flow out from his body.

"Preposterous! How dare you try to trick us?" Yi Beihang glared at Huang Xiaolong as killing intent flashed in his eyes. "Do you really think that you can resist the sword qi in the grand array of my Blue Heaven Creed?! I didn\'t activate it earlier, and you only faced a tiny portion of its strength!"

"I\'ll let you experience the true might of our grand array!"

Yi Beihang\'s body shuddered.

Cosmos energy poured into the void above him as it entered the grand array of the Blue Heaven Creed.

Streaks of dao runes appeared from the void, and Yi Beihang\'s cold voice rang through the air. "Die!"

The abyss started shooting out layers upon layers of sword qi, and they rampaged around the space around Huang Xiaolong.

Compared to the sword qi from before, it was a thousand times stronger!

The true might of the grand array emerged. It was as though a slumbering beast in the Blue Heaven Creed was awakened.

"What terrifying sword qi!" Yu Sheng\'s face changed immediately. "This is the true strength of the Blue Heaven Sword Qi! Even a half-step Dao Venerable would be killed!"

Fang Jing was equally as shocked. However, she sneered, "He was lucky a moment ago to avoid death. Now, he won\'t be able to luck his way out of this!"

In front of everyone, the sword qi from the grand array swallowed Huang Xiaolong. Little by little, his figure started to fade.

Huang Xiaolong's figure eventually disappeared.

Disappeared!

Nobody could sense Huang Xiaolong's aura within the sword qi.

Fang Jing snorted, "Look at that… He can't even put up the slightest bit of resistance. Who cares if he can wield the power of absolute frost and flame… His cosmos energy has to be fake too!"

If Huang Xiaolong was protected by cosmos energy, he wouldn\'t be killed so easily even if he was a Third Resurrection Primal Ancestor.

When the unending stream of sword qi resided, everyone\'s expression froze as their countenance started to turn ugly. Huang Xiaolong was standing in the same spot, and it was as though he had never left.

"This… How is this possible?!" Fang Jing was speechless.

Yi Beihang, Yan San, Wang Jin, He Yugui, Yi Xiaotang, and the others were equally shocked.

Huang Xiaolong couldn\'t care less about their feelings. As he casually touched the scratches on his body caused by the sword qi, a sigh left his lips.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

As rays of light emerged from his body, and the marks on his body healed. He started to move and he appeared in front of Yi Beihang in the next instant.

Bang!

A punch landed on his face as the sound of shattering bones rang through the skies.

Yi Beihang was sent flying into a mountain range far away.

With their jaws dropping in fright, everyone else stared at Huang Xiaolong.

One punch! A First Esteem Dao Venerable was sent flying with a single punch from a Primal Ancestor!

Fang Jing covered her mouth slightly as Yi Xiaotang\'s mind went blank.

Yan San and the others failed to react in time as none of them had expected Huang Xiaolong to possess enough power to injure a Dao Venerable!

When everyone was stuck in a state of shock, Huang Xiaolong\'s figure flashed once again, and it appeared in front of Yan San and the others.