Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2901: Poison of Genesis

When the words barely left Qiao Wu’s lips, his expression changed. He realized that the slap he had sent towards Huang Xiaolong was shattered before it formed.

The moment Huang Xiaolong released his aura, even the space around them came to a standstill. No one could move a single muscle on their body no matter how strong they were.

How… How can this be possible?!

He couldn’t believe what he was feeling.

Isn’t the young man before us a Sixth Resurrection Primal Ancestor?

How could someone at his level be stronger than a half-step Dao Venerable?! He wasn’t just slightly stronger as that wouldn’t allow him to stop everyone from moving. He had to be at least a hundred times stronger for that to happen!

When Qiao Wu was panicking in his mind, the other members of the Qiao Family realized that they were also unable to move.

Circulating their dao souls to the limit, Qiao Fengjiang and the others realized that they were completely helpless in the face of the Sixth Resurrection Primal Ancestor standing across them!

As Huang Xiaolong increased the pressure, Qiao Fengjiang and the others felt their visions going dark as an explosion rang out in their minds. They lost consciousness almost instantly.

After sealing their energy, Huang Xiaolong threw all of them into the Immemorial Immortal Cave.

Like Qiao Shuanghe and the others who were already in there, they were mercilessly suppressed by the grand formation.

Everything happened in the blink of an eye.

“Stand guard out here. I’ll take a look inside,” Huang Xiaolong instructed Duan Zheng and the others.

Bowing respectfully, they watched as Huang Xiaolong disappeared through the entrance of the immortal cave.

After leaving the Immemorial Qilins outside, Huang Xiaolong was ready for them to take care of any emergencies that might arise. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

He had fed them with a lot of blue lotus nectar recently. The two qilins’ strength were brought to a whole new level, and they should be able to hold back a First Esteem Dao Venerable if they joined hands.

It didn’t take long for him to appear inside the immortal cave.

The nameless immortal cave was large, and the entrance alone could allow more than a thousand people to pass through at any moment. Horrifying black qi assaulted him the moment he entered.

The black qi was extremely corrosive in nature, and it was clear that it originated from the power of absolute poison.

As he stared across the space before him, Huang Xiaolong saw that the sea of black qi was endless.

If any Dao Venerables were to appear, they would definitely feel their entire bodies going numb just from looking at the vast sea of black qi. However, Huang Xiaolong was the exact opposite. Joy filled his heart when he noticed the dense black poisonous qi.

The amount of absolute poison qi in the immortal cave had already exceeded his expectations!

It seemed as though his control over absolute poison would reach a whole new level after he absorbed the poison in the air!

Huang Xiaolong opened his mouth and inhaled deeply. Like an endless tide, the poison qi in the air poured into his body.

As he traveled deeper into the immortal cave, Huang Xiaolong circulated his Grandmist Parasitic Medium without end.

With the ability to control absolute poison, Huang Xiaolong’s speed of assimilation couldn’t be measured.

The more he absorbed the poison qi in the air, the stronger his ability to control absolute poison became. The stronger that became, the faster he absorbed the poison qi in the air. It was an amazing cycle.

Whatever the case, the poison qi in the air was too damn much! Even after walking for an entire hour, he failed to refine even one-tenth of the poison qi in the air.

Half a day later, he finally realized that the poison qi in the immortal cave was weakening.

With his speed, he estimated that he needed two whole days in order to complete the refinement process.

The only thing that stumped him was the origin of the poison qi.

Absolute poison was created during the beginning of the world. Huang Xiaolong couldn’t comprehend how the owner of the immortal cave had managed to obtain so much of it.

With Huang Xiaolong’s ability, he could clearly see that the cultivator who had managed to keep the power of absolute poison in the immortal cave for so many years had used a very special method to keep it in there.

After absorbing so much poison qi along the way, Huang Xiaolong finally discovered the presence of the four Dao Venerables deep in the immortal cave. With his dao souls activated, he continued to search for the eye of the formation along with the source of the poison qi. They were detected because they were in the range of his detection.

Since the four of them could remain in the immortal cave for such a long time, Huang Xiaolong knew that they had a treasure that could ward away the poison qi in the air.

Unable to push his dao souls to the fullest as he was afraid of the restrictions hidden in the immortal cave, Huang Xiaolong could only feel his way around.

He only arrived behind the four Dao Venerables after a long time. When he discovered them, they were currently trying to shatter one of the restrictions on a gate.

With their fervor, Huang Xiaolong felt that the treasury had to be located there.

Even after a long bombardment, they had only managed to slightly weaken the restrictions on the gate. If they wanted to shatter the restriction completely, he was afraid they would still need ten long days.

In no hurry, he waited for them to whittle down the power stored in the restriction. He planned to head over only when they were almost done.

Using his dao souls, he continued his search for the source of the poison qi.

“This…”

Finally, he discovered the eye of the formation producing the poison qi. Huang Xiaolong was shocked when he saw a dark pool sitting in the middle of the formation. The darkness of the pool was enough to send chills down the spines of those who laid eyes on it, and the poison qi above the pool of water was even more terrifying than that in the air. It seemed as though the poison qi above the pool was strong enough to form poison spirits.

It was evident that the poison qi went through countless years of refinement, finally forming its own sentience.

If Sixth Esteem Dao Venerables were to notice the black pool, they would be scared out of their wits. However, Huang Xiaolong was built differently. Excitement bubbled in his heart.

“Poison of genesis!” Huang Xiaolong’s eyes flashed in amazement.

The poison of genesis was said to be the source of all poison in the world.

It was no wonder the poison qi in the air was so intense!

Trying to contain the happiness in his heart, Huang Xiaolong looked at the tiny pool. Even though it only contained a little poison of genesis, Huang Xiaolong knew that his ability to control absolute poison would surpass his ability to control absolute blaze and frost the moment he refined the small pool. It might even be able to rival his power of nirvana!

Huang Xiaolong ignored the four Dao Venerables and charged towards the black pool while absorbing all the poison qi he could.

After arriving an hour later, the poison spirits charged at him like hornets whose nest was poked.

With a giant grin on his face, Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath. He sucked everything that came after him into his body without a second thought.

If he couldn’t control the power of absolute poison, he wouldn’t have dared to do anything like that, even with the Huang Long Bloodline. However, that was if he couldn’t control the power of absolute poison. Being able to wield the strongest ability to command poisons, Huang Xiaolong didn’t fear the little creatures at all.