Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2921: Huang Shuai Enters the Dao Venerable Realm

When Huang Xiaolong’s ninth tribulation appeared, terrifying energy filled the skies. It seemed to originate from the depths of space. Like a heavenly aura that enveloped the lands, if Seventh Esteem Dao Venerables were present, they would be forced to the ground. Despite that, Huang Xiaolong faced the pressure without the slightest bit of strain. He continued to devour the golden dragon qi in the sealed space.

Sitting in midair, Huang Xiaolong took on the tribulation without moving a single muscle.

The purple lightning, black lotus flames, and light of nirvana that came crashing down on him were several million times stronger than when he just entered the Primal Ancestor Realm. Not even Seventh Esteem Dao Venerables would dare to take on their bombardment with their bare bodies. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

However, Huang Xiaolong was Huang Xiaolong! He sat in midair like an unmoving buddha. He didn’t give half a sh*t about the tribulation that came.

As the energies slammed into his body, they exploded into streams of light. No matter how hard they crashed into him, not a single scratch was formed on his body.

If experts from the outside world saw how he crossed such a terrifying tribulation, their brains would explode from shock.

As a Primal Ancestor, he was able to take on such a strong tribulation without suffering the slightest injury! If anyone learned of that, the entire Divine Tuo Holy World would tremble!

After devouring golden dragon qi and enduring the tribulation at the same time, the light around his body became all the more brilliant. His body was constantly tempered by the purple lightning, black lotus flames, and light of nirvana, and his grand dao physique improved once more. If Huang Xiaolong’s grand dao physique could be considered to be at a monstrous level before, it was now classified under the super monstrous rank.

In the past, Huang Xiaolong’s body would be destroyed during each tribulation, and he would have to form a whole new body. However, that was no longer the case as he used all the energy in the air to refine his body from the inside. As his body bloated up a little from the intake of energy, it started to transform.

When Huang Xiaolong was dealing with his ninth tribulation, tribulation clouds started to gather above the Dragon Fish Creed. The clouds were filled with all sorts of color, and the lightning that gathered in it flashed the colors of the rainbow. Heavenly lightning and dao lightning were both present.

A horrifying pressure descended on the main palace of the creed, and despite the massive size of the creed, everyone felt the crushing weight of the tribulation.

“That’s the world exterminating purple lightning!”

“World extinguishing tribulation!”

“Someone is about to enter the Dao Venerable Realm!”

“It’s His Highness, Huang Shuai! His Highness is finally entering the Dao Venerable Realm!”

The Dragon Fish Creed erupted with activity the instant they felt the pressure coming from the skies.

The Dragon Fish Creed wasn’t the only one. The sacred lands located in the region were all starting to celebrate. They were reveling in the fact that the Son of Creation, Huang Shuai, was about to enter the Dao Venerable Realm!

Li Xue, Zhu Hui, Hu Yifeng, and the others appeared in midair as they stared at the purple lightning flashing in the skies.

“What a terrifying tribulation…” Zhu Hui exclaimed in shock. “Even when Second Esteem Dao Venerables start their breakthrough, the world extinguishing purple lighting wouldn’t be so strong!”

Ordinarily, the stronger the tribulation was, the stronger the cultivator would be when they entered the next realm!

Hu Yifeng chuckled, “His Highness possesses unparalleled talent. It’s no wonder his tribulation is so strong!”

“I’m sure His Highness will be able to enter the late-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm the moment he breaks through!” Wang Quyang, a hall master of the Dragon Fish Creed, laughed.

Zhu Hui continued, “That might not be all! It might be a miracle for others to enter the late-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm after breaking through, but His Highness is the Son of Creation! With the support of so many peak-level Dao Venerables, His Highness will definitely enter the Second Esteem Dao Venerable Realm the moment he breaks through!”

Li Xue nodded her head, and her eyes became crescents as she chuckled in her heart. “That is indeed possible.”

If Huang Shuai had relied on himself, such a thing would never be possible. However, there were ten peak-level Dao Venerables supporting his breakthrough, and they would be pouring their energy into him the moment he crossed the tribulation!

The cosmos energy they could provide him with when he entered the Dao Venerable Realm was shocking!

It was at a level no one could ever think of. However, as the son of the God of Creation, Huang Shuai had the ability to receive the support of so many experts!

“Lord Li Xue, I’ve heard that after His Highness crosses the tribulation, our patriarch and the others will pour their cosmos energy into him to assist in his cultivation…” Zhu Hui asked, “If that’s the case, His Highness will definitely be able to destroy everyone in his path as soon as he enters the high-level Dao Venerable Realm! He will be the sole ruler of the Divine Tuo Holy World and the other holy worlds in the Huang Long World!”

Huang Shuai’s talent was shocking, to begin with, and if he received the assistance of the various peak-level Dao Venerables every time he broke through, his strength would reach an unimaginable level!

Of course, it was understandable that the Dragon Fish Dao Venerable and the others were doing everything they could to assist Huang Shuai. After all, he was bound to be stronger than them in the future! With their assistance, he would be able to grow stronger than anyone in the Divine Tuo Holy World!

As the Son of Creation, he had endless authority. However, he needed the strength to back it up! Only if he became an unparalleled existence would he be able to hold his head up high in the Huang Long World!

Everyone stared at the incoming tribulation with a complicated expression. There was a late-First Esteem Dao Venerable in the Dragon Fish Creed who looked at the tribulation clouds with a trace of reluctance.

He was the young patriarch of the Dragon Fish Creed, Lin Zhuoyi, and he was also the personal disciple of Bi Cheng.

He knew that after Huang Shuai crossed the tribulation, his position as the young patriarch of the Dragon Fish Creed would be stripped from him.

In the blink of an eye, two years passed.

Within the sealed space that contained the Huang Long Armor, Huang Xiaolong had crossed his ninth tribulation and entered the Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm. The dragon qi in the space had long since been refined by him, and the sealed space looked exceptionally bare.

When Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes, a trace of excitement flashed through them. Even though he only managed to enter the early-Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm, it had already exceeded his expectations.

Huang Xiaolong suppressed the excitement in his heart, and he turned to look at the golden dragon. It seemed as though the only thing left to do was to completely refine the dragon, and he wanted to know how many drops of blood essence he would be able to receive.

If there were several dozen of them, he might be able to enter the Dao Venerable Realm directly! When that happened, all three small worlds in him would be able to produce cosmos energy!

When that happened, he would be able to fight off Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables with ease! If he revealed his identity then, no one would be able to stop him! No matter what schemes the Dragon Fish Creed cooked up with the other peak-level Dao Venerables, it would be useless!

The moment he entered the Dao Venerable Realm, Huang Xiaolong knew that no one in the Divine Tuo Holy World would be able to harm him any longer.

As such, he started to refine the Huang Long Armor without the slightest bit of hesitation.

In the past, it had taken him a single day to refine the dragon scale. However, the Huang Long Armor was no dragon scale! It was part of the Set of Creation, and it was the strongest armor in the Huang Long World! Even with his cultivation realm at the Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm and his possession of the enhanced Huang Long Bloodline, he wouldn’t be able to refine the armor in a day or two!

In the blink of an eye, a year passed.