Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2924: Nurturing a Heaven-Defying Artifact

Knowing that Huang Shuai was about to leave seclusion soon, Huang Xiaolong didn’t dare to tarry as he started to devour the second drop of blood essence.

As the second drop of blood essence hovered above Huang Xiaolong, the power of the Huang Long World poured down into his body. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

After entering the Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm, Huang Xiaolong’s speed of absorption became several hundred times faster than before.

Year after year, time flowed on…

Huang Xiaolong finally entered the half-step Dao Venerable Realm, and another ten years passed in the blink of an eye.

When Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath, the entire world started to tremble. There was no mistake. The entire space around him started to pulse when he took a single breath. It was as though he had fused into the world, but he still seemed to remain an independent existence.

As he took breath after breath, his body turned transparent.

He seemed to have turned into a world of his own. The world existed within the Huang Long World, and he felt as though the world he was in had assimilated completely into the Huang Long World.

By this time, the second drop of blood essence was the size of a fist. Huang Xiaolong had reached the limit of a half-step Dao Venerable, and it was no exaggeration that he would be able to enter the Dao Venerable Realm the moment he took another step forward.

Ordinarily, a half-step Dao Venerable would barely start the formation of the mini world inside them. When they entered the Dao Venerable Realm, the small world would turn corporeal and become something that existed in their bodies.

However, Huang Xiaolong had three small worlds in his body at the half-step Dao Venerable Realm! All three of them emitted rays of blinding light, and the third and last world experienced a shocking transformation. Cosmos energy pulsed in it, and it seemed as though something was forming in the third small world in his body.

The second drop of blood essence was eventually refined by Huang Xiaolong.

A bitter smile formed on his face. He had estimated that the two drops of blood essence would be enough to push him into the Dao Venerable Realm, but he was wrong. He stopped at the peak of the half-step Dao Venerable Realm.

Luckily for him, there were still eight drops of blood essence left.

“I wonder if Huang Shuai has completed his breakthrough…” Huang Xiaolong muttered under his breath.

By that point, more than twenty years had passed since Huang Shuai had crossed his tribulation.

Retrieving his transmission symbol, Huang Xiaolong contacted Di Bai to ask about the Dragon Fish Creed and Huang Shuai.

He received a reply quickly. From Di Bai’s report, Huang Xiaolong learned that Huang Shuai was still stuck in seclusion. He planned to charge straight into the Second Esteem Dao Venerable Realm with the cosmos energy provided by ten peak-level Dao Venerables!

There were even some rumors going around that Huang Shuai had managed to enter the late-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm after his tribulation.

“Attacking the bottleneck of the Second Esteem Dao Venerable Realm immediately?” Huang Xiaolong was slightly taken aback.

It seemed as though Huang Shuai’s ambition was pretty big.

If he managed to achieve two breakthroughs at once, his achievements would shock the Divine Tuo Holy World, and it would be considered a never-before-seen miracle.

Like Xuanyuan Potian and the other geniuses, they would only be able to enter the mid-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm even if they managed to gain the help of other Dao Venerables.

No one had ever heard of someone entering the late-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm in one show, but Huang Shuai was planning to go even further!

Once he became successful, his reputation would shoot through the roof!

Huang Xiaolong didn’t hesitate to contact Feng Yue, Long Jianfei, and the others.

He had planned to open the treasury of the Frost Eye Race with Feng Yue several years earlier, but he had delayed it time after time. He was actually feeling a little bad about it.

After he notified her about the delay again, he spoke to Long Jianfei to ensure that everything was going fine before retrieving the third drop of blood essence.

“Alright… This should be enough!” Huang Xiaolong thought to himself when he looked at the massive drop of blood essence above him.

Initially, he had planned to refine all eight drops at once. That would ensure that he would definitely enter the Second Esteem Dao Venerable Realm or more, but he realized that time was not on his side.

He would need at least a hundred years to do so, but Huang Shuai would have long since emerged from his seclusion. He wouldn’t be able to make it for the ceremony either.

As such, Huang Xiaolong decided that entering the Dao Venerable Realm would be more than enough.

Once he did, killing Huang Shuai would be nothing more than a wave of his fingers.

Circulating the Grandmist Parasitic Medium, Huang Xiaolong started to refine the third drop of blood essence. The energy contained in it poured into his body without stopping.

Countless years passed, and on one fine day, a shocking change occurred.

Eleven people sat around each other in a sealed space in the Dragon Fish Creed.

There were a hundred grand dao spiritual veins swimming around them, and all of them were top-grade grand dao spiritual veins!

One wouldn’t be able to locate a single top-grade grand dao spiritual vein in the Divine Tuo Holy World no matter how hard they tried, but there were a hundred in the sealed space in the Dragon Fish Creed!

As grand dao energy poured down from the multitude of grand dao spiritual veins, they entered the body of a young man sitting cross-legged among the eleven. Of the other ten, they were of different genders, and their ages differed greatly. The only similarity between them was the fact that they were all peak-level Dao Venerables. Cosmos energy emerged from their bodies and entered the body of the young man among them.

At the peak of the late-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, the youngster was a step away from entering the Second Esteem Dao Venerable Realm. A massive golden dragon could be seen behind him as it emitted chilling dragon’s might. It was nearly similar to the golden dragon that would appear behind Huang Xiaolong, albeit the fact that it was a little weaker. Of course, it still exuded the pressure of the Huang Long World.

As the light behind him started to grow stronger and stronger, the entire space started to tremble.

The trembling wasn’t caused by Huang Shuai, and it felt as though the entire Divine Tuo World was shaking.

Primal Ancestors and those weaker than them failed to feel a thing, but Dao Venerables were not so lucky. All of them felt the change in the Divine Tuo Holy World, and the ten peak-level Dao Venerables around Huang Shuai opened their eyes and gasped in shock.

Staring at each other, they couldn’t understand what was going on.

However, the world started to shake again before they could react.

At their level, nothing could surprise them. However, the trembling of the entire world was something they didn’t expect to happen!

“This… What’s going on?!” The Red Fox Dao Venerable exclaimed.

“The Divine Tuo Holy World… It seems like the world itself has been nurturing some sort of heaven-defying treasure! The world is about to undergo transformation!” Bi Cheng, the Dragon Fish Dao Venerable, muttered in a solemn voice.

A hundred years ago, they had felt the same thing happen. No one had thought that a hundred years later, they would experience the same phenomenon! Moreover, the transformation to the Divine Tuo Holy World seemed even more terrifying than the last!