Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2926: Huang Xiaolong Emerges!

“Not yet…” Long Jianfei sighed.

They knew that after Huang Xiaolong had left the Boundary Emperor Creed, he had gone over to the Silver Shadow Creed to cure Yin Yue’s mother. They had no idea where he had gone after that.

“We should head over to the Dragon Fish Creed to look for His Highness!” Duan Feng muttered softly.

Even though they did not know where Huang Xiaolong was, they could guess that he was currently in the Dragon Fish Creed.

“Do you mean to say His Highness is currently in the Dragon Fish Creed?!” Di Bai exclaimed.

Long Jianfei and the rest nodded slowly. They told him how Huang Xiaolong had always been planning to head over, and there was nothing they planned to hide from Di Bai now that he was one of them. The only thing that eluded them was the reason why Huang Xiaolong would have entered the Dragon Fish Creed.

Di Bai frowned when he heard what they said. “The Dragon Fish Creed is massive, and if we don’t know his exact location, we might spend more than ten thousand years looking around…”

Long Jianfei and the rest sighed. They knew that Di Bai wasn’t messing with them. The only thing they could hope for was for Huang Xiaolong to reply to them.

…

Golden light filled the sealed space in the Golden Sun Forest, and cosmos energy pulsed around Huang Xiaolong’s body. It crashed about like waves, and the weird thing about the cosmos energy was that it was split into three completely different types!

No one, since the start of time, had managed to possess three different types of cosmos energies, but Huang Xiaolong managed to do it!

The three different types of cosmos energies didn’t clash with one another despite being of different attributes, and instead, they seemed to complement each other perfectly.

As the three types of cosmos energies swirled around Huang Xiaolong, they started to form a Xuanhuang Holy Dragon around him. However, they separated to form different creatures in the next moment, and those creatures were ones that emitted nefarious qi that challenged the very notion of holiness. Soon, they turned into different objects that represented the different elements, and they even turned into weird spiritual beasts.

When Dao Venerables cross their seventh tribulation to enter the high-level Dao Venerable Realm, the cosmos energy in their bodies would start to transform. It could turn into anything they wished, but Huang Xiaolong was merely a First Esteem Dao Venerable! Despite that, the cosmos energy he wielded was able to bend to his will!

Half a year passed in the blink of an eye, and the cosmos energy around Huang Xiaolong started to enter his body. The golden light around him started to fade, and he slowly opened his eyes.

Taking a deep breath, a look of surprise formed on his face. He had finally entered the Dao Venerable Realm!

Moreover, he had reached the peak of the early-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm.

The third small world that he had created previously was also able to produce cosmos energy. Finally, he was able to control the cosmos energy produced by all three small words in him.

His grand dao physique reached a terrifying level, and after the tempering by the White Incineration Lightning, Origin Flame, and the Light of Creation, his strength and defenses increased countless times over.

“This… This should be the Dao Body of Heaven and Earth from the legends, right?” Huang Xiaolong thought to himself.

Dao physiques were also split into different levels.

The Dao Body of Heaven and Earth was the strongest among them, and unless the heavens crumbled and earth shattered, never to reform again, Huang Xiaolong would be immortal!

Without even using his cosmos energy, Huang Xiaolong knew that he would be able to pummel a Sixth Esteem Dao Venerable to the point that his parents wouldn’t recognize him. He might even be able to fight early Seventh Esteem Dao Venerables.

If he used his cosmos energy, he should be able to sweep the floor with Eighth Esteem Dao Venerables.

However, there was still something that disappointed Huang Xiaolong. The three worlds in him were able to produce cosmos energy, but none of them could produce the Energy of Creation all large worlds were able to.

He knew that he would have to be cautious when dealing with Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables, even with his current strength. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Of course, with the Huang Long Armor, there was no need for him to be afraid of them. After he entered the Dao Venerable Realm, Huang Xiaolong learned about the terrifying abilities of the armor.

Since the God of Creation, Huang Long, had personally forged the armor, there were not only countless creation-level formations inscribed on the armor, but there were also tons of peak-level energies, native to the Huang Long World, imbued in it. Even Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables wouldn’t think of shattering his defenses.

The only way anyone would be able to shatter the armor would be if they had the strength of a God of Creation.

That was not possible, as no God of Creation would remain in the Huang Long World if they were born.

Huang Xiaolong celebrated in his heart because if there was a possibility for the armor to fall into the hands of anyone else, things could get troublesome for him.

As he inspected his body, his transmission symbol started to buzz. When he took it out, he realized that there were tons of reports and messages from Long Jianfei and the others. There were even some from the Mystical Pavilion, but the most recent one was from Long Jianfei.

“Huang Shuai has left seclusion. The Creation Ceremony is about to take place!”

A light flashed in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes. After reading through all the reports, he realized that there was only a year and a half left till the Creation Ceremony!

From what Di Bai said, Huang Shuai had stopped at the late-First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm and was unable to proceed further.

With the same deadpan face, Huang Xiaolong knew that it didn’t matter which realm Huang Shuai reached. Even if the man entered the Second Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, he wouldn’t be able to change his fate should Huang Xiaolong plan to kill him.

“It’s time for me to leave…” Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself. Getting to his feet, he left the sealed space. As soon as he emerged, he looked at the body of the mountain and reached out to grab at the air before him. A golden pearl emerged from the mountain all of a sudden, and it was the sealed space Huang Long had used to store the Huang Long Armor. After Huang Xiaolong had refined the armor, he had gained the ability to bring the dragon pearl away.

Even though the pearl wasn’t part of the Set of Creation, it was extremely useful.

The Immemorial Grand Formation in the Immemorial Immortal Cave might not be able to suppress high-level Dao Venerables, but the dragon pearl could do so with ease!

If Huang Xiaolong threw a Seventh Esteem Dao Venerable into the pearl, they wouldn’t be able to escape no matter how hard they tried!

When he used the pearl along with the armor, Huang Xiaolong’s Huang Long Bloodline would receive a huge boost. He would be able to devour anything at speed unimaginable to anyone else!

Keeping the dragon pearl, Huang Xiaolong tore through space and left the Golden Sun Forest. Not too long after he left, he met several Dao Venerable Realm beasts who were quickly thrown into the dragon pearl as its first residents.

In the past, Huang Xiaolong needed to reveal his Huang Long Bloodline and beat any Dao Venerables till they submitted. However, his strength had reached a whole new level now that he had entered the Dao Venerable Realm. His Huang Long Bloodline had mutated once again, and he could brand the dao souls of those in the same realm as him with a creation-level curse.

With it, he could easily control Dao Venerables.

Of course, it would pose some difficulty if he wanted to brand the souls of high-level Dao Venerables. Other than that, no one would be able to defend their dao souls if Huang Xiaolong set his sights on them.

Setting his course straight, Huang Xiaolong charged towards the Mystical Pavilion’s branch instead of meeting Long Jianfei and the rest.