Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2950: Third Esteem Dao Venerable Realm

Yang Wei felt something was not right with Yi Beixing’s, Wang Jin’s, and Yu Gui’s reactions. Thus he asked, “Is something the matter?”

Instead, Yi Beixing asked Yang Wei if there were any features about Huang Xiaolong that stood out? After Yang Wei answered them, Yi Beixing, and the other two turned deathly pale. The small stroke of luck they had harbored in a corner of their hearts burst like a bubble.

Especially Wang Jin, his heart was filled with bitterness. He had wanted to accept the Son of Creation as his disciple?

Recalling the scene where Huang Xiaolong had said that he did not qualify to be his master, at that time, Wang Jin had assumed that Huang Xiaolong was ignorant and too arrogant for his own good. But it seemed that he himself was the ignorant and arrogant one..

……

Several decades went by in the blink of an eye.

In these several decades, the Dragon Fish Creed, Divination Creed, Red Fox Creed, and numerous creeds in the Divine Tuo Holy World had searched high and low for Huang Xiaolong. But it was as if Huang Xiaolong had vanished from the Divine Tuo Holy World, and there was no trace to be found.

…

Decades later.

Huang Xiaolong sat inside the Sun Moon Furnace, and suspended above his head was the Huang Long blood essence that was shining like a golden sun.

This was the last drop of Huang Long blood essence.

During this time, Huang Xiaolong had broken through to Second Esteem Dao Venerable realm after refining twenty-eight Broken Heavens Pill, and six drops of Huang Long blood essence. Moreover, his cultivation now was at the peak late-Second Esteem Dao Venerable.

Huang Xiaolong’s aura surged with vigor, filling the entire Sun Moon Furnace’s space, and through the Sun Moon Furnace, some of his aura seeped out. Just this little bit of aura was enough to make Zeng Lei, Li Wen, and the others palpitate.

When Huang Xiaolong was still a First Esteem Dao Venerable, Zeng Lei could barely withstand the terrifying heavenly might from Huang Xiaolong, so he was completely helpless now.

Fortunately, the heavenly might from Huang Xiaolong’s body wasn’t targeting them, otherwise, Zeng Lei, Li Wen, and the others would have long prostrated on the floor.

Another several years went by.

Just as Huang Xiaolong finished refining the last drop of Huang Long blood essence, lightning suddenly appeared inside the Sun Moon Furnace’s inner space. White Incineration Lightning appeared, followed by Origin Flame and Light of Creation.

The sky turned into a sea of White Incineration Lightning, and it rumbled and roiled.

These white flames lightning’s every drop of lightning water could destroy an average low-level Dao Venerable’s grand dao physique. Imagine how terrifying a sea of white flames lightning gathered above your head would feel like?

There was also the Origin Flame that was scarier than the power of absolute blaze that burned widely inside the Sun Moon Furnace, turning the entire space into a sea of flames. There wasn’t a corner that wasn’t burning, and flames were visible everywhere. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

And the Light of Creation continuously reflected the evolution of one grand dao energy to another, showing the formation of one world, and the destruction of another, the two sides of life and death.

Rumble!

When the White Incineration Lightning, Origin Flames, and Light of Creation had accumulated to a certain point, all three completely drowned Huang Xiaolong.

The White Incineration Lightning, Origin Flame, and Light of Creation this time were ten times stronger than when Huang Xiaolong had broken through to the Dao Venerable Realm.

Wherever the White Incineration Lightning, Origin Flame, and Light of Creation swept past, everything turned into nothingness, returning to origin, and destruction.

Despite having cosmos energy from three worlds to protect himself, his physical body was burned to nothingness by the Origin Flame.

The white flames lightning, burning origin flames, and light of creation ran through Huang Xiaolong at the same time.

At one point, the Huang Long Armor’s spirit flew out.

……

A few more decades passed.

On this day, Zeng Lei, Zhang Wen, and the others heard a voice saying, “Everyone can stop now.”

The voice contained a will that made others unable to defy. The few of them had been continuously sending cosmos energy into the Sun Moon Furnace, and they stopped simultaneously.

When Zeng Lei and the others stopped, the Sun Moon Furnace suddenly shone brightly as a figure stepped out from the Sun Moon Furnace.

“Your Highness!” Zeng Lei, Zhang Wen, and the others’ spirits roused, as they hurried forward with delight.

This person was naturally Huang Xiaolong.

After almost a hundred decades of seclusion, borrowing the Sun Moon Furnace, Zeng Lei’s, Zhang Wen’s, and the others’ cosmos energy, not only he had managed to refine all the Broken Heavens Pill without a hitch, but he had also absorbed the remaining seven drops of Huang Long blood essence. All these, and he just barely broke through to Third Esteem Dao Venerable Realm.

Third Esteem Dao Venerable!

Compared to the time of the Creation Ceremony, Huang Xiaolong’s strength had increased by more than tenfold.

Now, without resorting to his three small worlds’ powers, Huang Shuai, who was equipped with the Huang Long Cape and the counterfeit Golden Dragons Twin Blades, could no longer injure his Dao Body of Heaven and Earth.

Huang Xiaolong had Zeng Lei, Zhang Wen, and the others stand up while he put away the Sun Moon Furnace, and left the pill refining space.

“Any news on Huang Shuai?” After coming out from the independent space, Huang Xiaolong asked Zeng Lei.

Before Huang Xiaolong had entered seclusion, he had exhorted Zeng Lei to use the Mystical Pavilion’s resources to locate Huang Shuai.

But Zeng Lei shook his head and reported they did not find any news related to Huang Shuai.

A light gleamed in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes, and although the Mystical Dragon Fish Branch Pavilion had many resources and connections, it was still difficult for them to locate Huang Shuai in the vast Divine Tuo Holy World.

The Mystical Pavilion had several hundred branch pavilions all over the Divine Tuo Holy World, if he could control all of these branch pavilions, and used the Mystical Pavilion’s resources, locating Huang Shuai would be much easier.

Huang Xiaolong then asked Zeng Lei if there was a way to gather all of Mystical Pavilion’s branch masters and Dao Venerable experts in one place.

“Replying to Your Highness, to gather all branch masters in the Divine Tuo Holy World can only be done by the Lord Special Envoy,” Zeng Lei replied respectfully, “I can only gather the few nearby branch masters.”

The Mystical Pavilion branch in the Dragon Fish Creed was an important branch, Zeng Lei held a high authority to be able to gather other branch masters, but it was clearly impossible to summon all branch masters from the whole Divine Tuo Holy World.

Huang Xiaolong’s brows wrinkled as he pondered. It seemed like he could only subjugate the branch masters nearby. As for the other branch masters, he would think of a way to subjugate them later.

With that decided, Huang Xiaolong had Zeng Lei summoned the branch masters nearby over to the Dragon Fish Branch together with the Dao Venerable experts under them.

Two months later, when several branch masters arrived with Dao Venerables of their respective branches, Huang Xiaolong did not waste any time or words with them. He summoned the dragon of creation and subjugated everyone.

Deep in the night.

Huang Xiaolong stood in the air above the Dragon Fish Branch Pavilion, contemplating his future path. Naturally, finding Huang Shuai was at the top of his list, and the Huang Long Cape, but in the vast Divine Tuo Holy World, it was unrealistic to think he could find Huang Shuai in a short time. Even though his cultivation had entered the early Third Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, he had no confidence to go against that mysterious person who had rescued Huang Shuai.

A while later, Huang Xiaolong took out his communication symbol, as he had decided to contact Feng Yue to open the Frost Eye Race’s treasury. The Frost Eye Race was one of the races of the creation era, and was one of the strongest races. At the height of their days, their strength wasn’t much worse than the Holy Dragon Race. The Frost Eye Race’s treasury could very well have genesis pills. In that case, it was not impossible for him to advance to the Fourth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm in the shortest time.

After advancing to the Fourth Esteem Dao Venerable, he wouldn’t need to be afraid of that mysterious expert.

After the matter of the Frost Eye Race were to end, it would be time to explore the Bright Lightning Abyss. He had promised Long Jianfei to go look for his master Chen Xi after entering Dao Venerable Realm.

Furthermore, Huang Xiaolong himself was interested in taking a look at this Divine Tuo Holy World’s perilous land that made many ashen just by mentioning its name.