Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2954: Forbidden Land of Ice and Lightning

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

There was a Frost Eye Race’s Dao Venerable expert buried in this cemetery! This discovery was a pleasant surprise for Huang Xiaolong.

Dao Venerable expert’s existence was part of heaven and earth, life and death with heaven and earth. Thus, Dao Venerable experts were considered as existences that couldn’t be killed. Even Huang Xiaolong, at his current strength, wouldn’t be able to kill a Dao Venerable expert in the real sense, yet lying here was a Frost Eye Race’s Dao Venerable expert. Huang Xiaolong was genuinely shocked.

However, Huang Xiaolong soon discovered that this Frost Eye Race’s peak late-First Esteem Dao Venerable expert wasn’t dead in the true sense, but he had fallen into deep slumber due to overly severe injuries. This was like suspended animation.

Upon further inspection, Huang Xiaolong found out that this expert’s dao soul was enveloped by a terrifying curse.

“What a powerful curse!” Huang Xiaolong’s eyes widened in alarm.

The curse’s power actually intermingled with dragon qi. Was this a curse from the Holy Dragon Race? And the curse caster was likely a high-level Dao Venerable expert.

Huang Xiaolong flew onwards.

As Huang Xiaolong ventured deeper, he came across many more towering ice tombs, but many of these tombs were empty inside.

Huang Xiaolong frowned. What’s going on? Could it be that the Frost Eye Race’s experts lying inside left on their own? Or, maybe, no experts were ever entombed inside these empty ice tombs?

Some of these empty ice tombs were built with dao grade ice-wind stones, so Huang Xiaolong took these away without any embarrassment. On the other hand, holy grade ice-wind stones were insignificant to Huang Xiaolong.

Roughly an hour later, Huang Xiaolong had flown past the cemetery area, and he had collected almost a hundred ice tomb buildings built from dao grade ice-wind stones.

These ice-wind stones contained innate wind element laws, which made them ideal materials for refining flying ships and chariots. Huang Xiaolong planned to dismantle these ice tombs to build an invincible chariot and a super-sized flying ship.

He did not disturb the Dao Venerable corpses inside these ice tombs, the strongest of these Dao Venerable corpses were only Third Esteem Dao Venerable, and couldn’t rouse Huang Xiaolong’s interest.

After passing through the cemetery area, Huang Xiaolong actually came upon a medicine farm!

That’s right, medicine farm!

There were plots and plots of spiritual herbs, and all of them were dao grade spiritual herbs! Some of them had already reached high-level dao grade, and peak dao grade.

Huang Xiaolong smiled happily.

Although there were not more than ten plus peak-level dao grade spiritual herbs, it was better than nothing.

With these peak-level dao grade spiritual herbs, and after adding a few of these high-level dao grade spiritual herbs to them, Huang Xiaolong would be able to refine peak-level grand dao pills with the Sun Moon Furnace.

Once he succeeded in refining peak-level dao pills, these spiritual herbs’ value would rise greatly.

After obtaining the Sun Moon Creed’s pill refining techniques, Huang Xiaolong did not lack any pill recipes, but what he lacked was spiritual herbs and a lot of them.

Huang Xiaolong stopped dallying and began collecting these peak-level and top-level dao grade spiritual herbs.

Every plot of spiritual herbs was protected by restrictions placed by Frost Eye Race’s experts, especially the plots with higher grade herbs. These restrictions could hinder the average high-level Dao Venerables from getting their hands on these spiritual herbs, but these restrictions couldn’t stop Huang Xiaolong. His palm pressed down and released the power of absolute frost, completely freezing these restrictions.

…

Half a day later.

Huang Xiaolong left with a bountiful harvest in his Sun Moon Furnace. He had collected over a thousand high-level dao grade spiritual herbs and eighteen peak-level dao grade spiritual herbs.

These spiritual herbs were enough for Huang Xiaolong to refine one batch of peak-level dao pills.

Not long after leaving the medicine farm, Huang Xiaolong came upon a foggy sea area.

A sea that was enveloped by thick fog.

Huang Xiaolong sucked in a breath of cold air, looking at this foggy sea, and the water of this sea was actually Frost Jade Cold Water.

It was a kind of spiritual water that was infinitely close to the genesis level spiritual water!

An old legend in the Divine Tuo Holy World mentioned that by cultivating with Frost Jade Cold Water, and comprehending the energy within the water could help with mastering the power of absolute frost!

Absolute frost power!

Because Huang Xiaolong possessed the power of absolute frost that he was aware of how terrifying it was. In the Divine Tuo Holy World, only a handful of people had mastered the power of absolute frost.

Otherwise, why would Feng Yue invite him to open the Frost Eye Race’s treasury?

The value of this Frost Jade Cold Water was much higher than all the spiritual herbs and ice-wind stones combined.

There was a light of excitement in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes because as long as he refined this stretch of sea of Frost Jade Cold Water, his absolute frost power could reach perfection.

Absolute powers like absolute frost were divided into minor completion, major completion, and perfection state, and Huang Xiaolong’s absolute frost power was merely in the lowest minor completion state.

Absolute frost power at perfection state was a real terror, and it was capable of sealing an entire world in ice!

When his absolute frost power would achieve perfection, his body would gain another physique, the absolute frost physique. Releasing the power of absolute frost through the absolute frost physique could freeze an entire sacred land in a matter of a few breaths.

Just thinking about freezing a sacred in a few breaths was terrifying. Based on Huang Xiaolong’s current strength, he could shatter a sacred land with a punch, but there was a difference between freezing a sacred land and shattering a sacred land. The destructive power of freezing a sacred land was bigger than shattering a sacred land with a punch.

Huang Xiaolong suppressed the excitement in his heart and took out the Sun Moon Furnace. He activated the Sun Moon Furnace’s grand array, covering the entire sea. Immediately, the sea of Frost Jade Cold Water turned into rivers that flowed into the Sun Moon Furnace.

Fortunately, Huang Xiaolong had the Sun Moon Furnace, or it would be troublesome for him to collect any Frost Jade Cold Water. Any other vassals used to hold the Frost Jade Cold Water would be frozen.

Even so, it took Huang Xiaolong one day and one night to collect every last drop into the Sun Moon Furnace.

After he finished collecting the sea of Frost Jade Cold Water, Huang Xiaolong breathed in relief. He planned to refine the Frost Jade Cold Water after going out, and he would strive to raise his absolute frost power to perfection.

Huang Xiaolong retrieved the Sun Moon Furnace back into his body and continued onwards.

After passing through the sea of Frost Jade Cold Water was boundless greed grasslands. Other than vibrant green spiritual grass, there was nothing else.

This grass was greatly different from the species of grass he had seen outside. The shape and appearance resembled grass green spiritual beasts, changing into various forms with the blow of wind. Huang Xiaolong searched through his memories but couldn’t put a name to this grass nor determine its species. Even so, that did not stop Huang Xiaolong from collecting them away.

The grassland was bigger than Huang Xiaolong had estimated. At this speed, he still had not seen the end of the grassland after three days of flying.

When he finally reached the edge of the grassland, Huang Xiaolong saw a sight that he would never forget in his lifetime. Roiling thunderclouds with bolts of lightning dominated the entire space, akin to a lightning waterfall from the sky that formed a sea of lightning underneath. Huang Xiaolong felt the terrorizing destructive power despite the tens of thousands of miles between them. A single streak of that lightning could easily destroy the dao physique of an average Seventh Esteem and Eight Esteem Dao Venerable’s dao physique!