Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2958: Taking Away the Tree of Beginning

The spiders’ crawled swiftly forward, and in less than a breath’s time, they had already reached Huang Xiaolong, and were climbing up his legs!

Huang Xiaolong tried to shake off these spiders with his small worlds’ cosmos energy, but to his astonishment, these black spiders had seemingly become a part of his Dao Body of Heaven and Earth the moment they cling on, there was no way to shake them off!

He couldn’t shake them off! Huang Xiaolong was utterly stupefied.

What the h*ll are these? Once they climbed onto his body, they seemingly became a part of him!

Suddenly, Huang Xiaolong felt throbbing pain through his body! Throbbing pain all over his body!

These poisonous spiders’ absolute poison was starting to affect his Dao Body of Heaven and Earth. Huang Xiaolong had never experienced such excruciating pain! It was as if ten thousand thorns repeatedly stabbed into his dao souls, while his inextinguishable dao heart was being corroded away.

Huang Xiaolong saw the surface of his body gradually turn black, and began to emit a rotting stench! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

These poisonous spiders’ toxins could even corrode his Dao Body of Heaven and Earth!

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes widened in shock.

It’s the Dao Body of Heaven and Earth!!

After three tribulations and various genesis treasures’ tempering, his Dao Body of Heaven and Earth was unimaginably strong, far exceeding many Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables dao physique, yet his body was being corroded by poison!

At this moment, Huang Xiaolong realized the horror of these poisonous spiders.

Huang Xiaolong did not dodge earlier because he wanted to test out his Dao Body of Heaven and Earth’s resistance against these poisonous spiders’ toxins, now, Huang Xiaolong was crying bitter tears inwardly, he overestimated himself and was careless.

Still, though his body was being corroded, Huang Xiaolong did not panic. He activated the power of Huang Long Bloodline and devoured clean these poisonous spiders’ toxins, and he actually noticed his power of absolute poison had improved slightly because of it.

Huang Xiaolong was feeling a little disgruntled, just as he finished devouring the toxin invading his body, more toxins from the spiders were entering his body!

There is no end to this! Huang Xiaolong frowned, obviously, he had to think of a way to break this cycle.

Use the Huang Long Armor?

These poisonous spiders won’t be able to harm him if he summons the Huang Long Armor, but Huang Xiaolong was reluctant to ‘spare’ these poisonous spiders.

An idea suddenly came to Huang Xiaolong; could his Huang Long Bloodline creation mark brand these poisonous spiders with the creation brand? If he could put these poisonous spiders under his control, it would be a powerful knife in his hand, more powerful than any fierce beasts or any cosmos artifact.

Imagine, these poisonous spiders that were immune to his absolute frost, absolute blaze, and even the power of nirvana, and couldn’t be shaken off by his three small worlds’ cosmos energies. Huang Xiaolong had no doubt peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables would be terrified by them.

Though Huang Xiaolong had an idea, he wasn’t certain if the current Huang Long Bloodline’s power could put these poisonous spiders under control because these poisonous spiders’ poison was more powerful than Huang Xiaolong had estimated. Who knows, maybe the poison qi around these poisonous spiders could even corrode the creation marking!

This was very likely. After all, his current cultivation was only at the Third Esteem Dao Venerable and had not completely awakened the power of his Huang Long Bloodline. His Huang Long Bloodline had yet to become omnipotent.

Despite not being fully confident his idea would work, Huang Xiaolong intended to give it a go.

The dragon of creation appeared behind Huang Xiaolong and bright lights shot out from its eyes onto two poisonous spiders and branded with the creation mark.

Huang Xiaolong immediately sensed a vague connection with these two poisonous spiders in his mind!

Huang Xiaolong was thrilled.

The connection was a little weak, almost nonexistent, but it also proved his creation mark was effective on these poisonous spiders.

Huang Xiaolong quickly repeated the action several times on the same two poisonous spiders, and each time the creation markings on them were strengthened, the connection he felt with them grew stronger. A dozen times later, his mind formed a strong connection with these two poisonous spiders!

Following Huang Xiaolong’s thoughts, these two poisonous spiders immediately stopped their attacks on Huang Xiaolong. Seeing this result, he heaved in relief. He began to devour these poisonous spiders’ toxins while branding more poisonous spiders with the creation mark.

Even so, it took Huang Xiaolong several hours of effort to control every poisonous spider. On top of that, the last poisonous spider, the spider king, had Huang Xiaolong performing forty to fifty times re-branding the creation mark before he finally controlled the two poisonous spiders.

Huang Xiaolong felt an onslaught of fatigue by the end of it.

Every time he performs a creation mark branding, it consumes quite a bit of cosmos energy. It was fortunate that Huang Xiaolong actually has three small worlds’ cosmos energy, or else, he might not be able to control these poisonous spiders without several days of effort, maybe more!

These pitch-black poisonous spiders that gave Huang Xiaolong goosebumps looked less disgusting after he controlled them. In fact, they were beginning to look a bit cute in his eyes.

Huang Xiaolong sent all these pitch-black poisonous spiders into the dragon pearl with a wave of his hand.

The dragon pearl was refined by his father, and only a spatial artifact like the dragon pearl could withstand these poisonous spiders’ poison qi, any other vassals would disintegrate under corrosion.

Huang Xiaolong then turned his attention to the Tree of Beginning, inhaling deeply, as he approached the tree. The genesis poison water’s poison spirits attacked Huang Xiaolong when he came close. Huang Xiaolong opened his mouth and devoured these poison spirits.

Huang Xiaolong was helpless against the poisonous spiders, but dealing with these poison spirits was child’s play to him.

After swallowing all the poison spirits, Huang Xiaolong reached the Tree of Beginning. This was the sole Tree of Beginning in the universe ah!

Feverish light shone from Huang Xiaolong’s eyes as he admired the many Fruit of Beginning on the three.

The thirty sources of beginning qi he had absorbed were merely some weak accumulation of beginning qi emitted by the Fruit of Beginning, and the effect of consuming a Fruit of Beginning would be a hundred times, even a thousand times better!

There were over two hundred Fruits of Beginning on the tree!

With these Fruits of Beginning, he could advance to Furth Esteem, even Fifth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm.

Moreover, in the future, he could cultivate under the Tree of Beginning, by absorbing the beginning qi, his cultivation would improve even faster, like a mortal traveling ten thousand miles in a day.

Huang Xiaolong carefully moved the Tree of Beginning, together with the soil around it, into the center of the Sun Moon Furnace. This soil was suitable for growing the Tree of Beginning, thus Huang Xiaolong collected them as well.

As for the pool of genesis poison water, Huang Xiaolong decided to refine them on the spot. There was still a little over ten months until the time he promised to meet up with Feng Yue, and that should be enough time for him to refine this genesis poison water.

In the blink of an eye, ten months went by.

The pool of genesis poison water had all been absorbed by Huang Xiaolong, raising Huang Xiaolong’s absolute poison power to major completion, very close to achieving perfection state.