Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2961: Black-eyed Poisonous Spiders

“Black-eyed Poisonous Spiders!” Ancestor Xuan screamed in a trembling voice, with an ashen face.

The other Eye Frost Race’s experts seemed to have thought of something when they heard the name, and their faces turned deathly pale in an instant, including Bing Jun’s. The Holy Staff in Bing Jun’s hand was shaking due to his quivering hand. His eyes were fixed on the colony of pitch-black spiders. God, it’s actually those freakish creatures!

He had heard of a story, circulating in the race that his grandfather, the Eye Frost Race’s old ancestor, had once obtained a colony of the most terrifying poisonous creatures between heaven and earth, and reared them in a pool of genesis poison water in the forbidden land.

These poisonous creatures were called black-eyed poisonous spiders. These poisonous spiders were immune to attacks yet their toxins were so overbearing that even a Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable’s dao physique had no resistance to it.

When Bing Jun had heard the story in the past, he had felt that it was too exaggerated. How could such poisonous creatures exist in the world? Immune to all attacks? How is that even possible? But witnessing with his own eyes now, he realized that there wasn’t an exaggeration. Not only it wasn’t an exaggeration, but these spiders were more terrifying than what he had heard!

Ancestor Xuan was one of the three most powerful experts of their Eye Frost Race, Bing Jun understood how powerful Ancestor Xuan was, and it was because he knew how terrifying these black-eyed poisonous spiders were. Even Ancestor Xuan’s palm strikes couldn’t kill these black-eyed poisonous spiders, and was there anything in this world that could?!

In a split second, the black-eyed poisonous spiders once again closed in on Ancestor Xuan.

Forced to a bad spot, world-shaking ice rays burst out from his body as he attacked the black-eyed poisonous spiders again with his palms.

“All-being Suppressive Freezing Palms!”

Tyrannical absolute frost power roared out from his palms with the might to suppress thousands of living beings. Everything in the space surrendered under the power of his palms, it was as if these palms could kill everything, or freeze everything as he wished. The attack this time was more than ten times stronger than the last.

Ancestor Xuan had not known earlier that these were the black-eyed poisonous spiders, now that he knew what these spiders were, he was going all out with his attacks.

How terrifying were the full force palm attacks from a peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable? They were definitely enough to shatter several hundred sacred lands strung together into pieces!

At the same time, the black-eyed poisonous spiders’ bodies emitted a blinding black light akin to exploding black suns, and the power of absolute poison spread.

Rumble!

The power of absolute poison exploding from the black-eyed poisonous spiders collided with Ancestor Xuan’s palm attacks.

Violent fluctuating space cracks appeared everywhere, stimulated by the freezing energy and corrosive poison at the same time.

Huang Xiaolong had seized the time to take away Feng Yue’s group and retreated away from the battlefield. One of Eye Frost Race’s experts swept away shrieking in excruciating pain when he got hit by the black-eyed poisonous spiders’ power of absolute poison. There was a large, gaping black hole through the expert’s dao physique where he had got hit, and it was expanding to other parts of his body rapidly. No matter how desperately the Eye Frost Race’s expert circulated cosmos energy from his small world to protect himself, he couldn’t stop the poison from eating up his body.

Watching this sight, Bing Jun and the others sucked in a breath of cold air.

The poisoned Eye Frost Race’s expert was an early Seventh Esteem Dao Venerable!

The dao physique of a Seventh Esteem Dao Venerable Realm expert was corroded in the blink of an eye, and even his cosmos energy could not expel the poison!

Bing Jun felt a hair-raising chill spread from his heart and never had there been a time he had felt so terrified.

With his current strength, and boost from the Eye Frost Race’s Holy Staff, he would not feel such fear if he had to face a peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable expert.

Under the force of Ancestor Xuan’s palm attacks, the colony of black-eyed poisonous spiders was successfully sent flying, but before he could breathe in relief, black spots appeared on the horizon. The black-eyed poisonous spiders were flying back to him!

Judging from the spirited momentum coming off these black-eyed poisonous spiders, they seemed even more spirited, and not a hair on these spiders was ruffled. In fact, they exuded a murderous aura that was absent before, as if Ancestor Xuan’s attacks had finally pissed them off!

A chill ran down Ancestor Xuan’s spine.

He had used his full force and most powerful attack, yet he still failed to kill these black-eyed poisonous spiders!

They were Immune to all attacks and completely unbreakable.

He truly realized the meaning of being immune to all attacks, and unbreakable!

Out of ideas, he turned to Huang Xiaolong and berated, “Huang Xiaolong, you actually ran into Eye Frost Race’s forbidden land!”

Clearly, pointing this out was superfluous, how could have Huang Xiaolong tamed these black-eyed poisonous spiders if he had not entered the forbidden land?

However, Ancestor Xuan couldn’t understand how Huang Xiaolong had come out unscathed from the forbidden land’s ice lightning domain. That place could stop many Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable experts in their tracks.

More importantly, what method had Huang Xiaolong used to tame these black-eyed poisonous spiders? Their old ancestor had resorted to a special method to lure these black-eyed poisonous spiders into the ice lightning domain and reared them back there, and there wasn’t any way to tame these spiders at all.

It was something even their old ancestor couldn’t do, so how did a First Esteem Dao Venerable do it?

Because Huang Xiaolong had concealed his current cultivation realm, Ancestor Xuan, and the other Eye Frost Race’s experts assumed that Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation was at First Esteem Dao Venerable Realm.

Ancestor Xuan was in a hurry to stop the black-eyed poisonous spiders from getting close to him, so he slapped out again with his palms and shouted at Huang Xiaolong, “Huang Xiaolong, stop, we can discuss cooperation!”

Discuss cooperation? Huang Xiaolong sneered inwardly and did not order the black-eyed poisonous spiders to stop. At the same time, he swung his fist out at Bing Jun from across space. Vigorous fist force and absolute blaze power turned into a brilliant streak of red across the air, enlarging in Bing Jun’s pupils. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Although Bing Jun had managed to swing out with his fist in defense despite his panic, he was still sent flying. His body burned unrecognizable by the power of absolute blaze, just like charcoal collected from mines.

Ancestor Xuan was enraged, “Huang Xiaolong, I know for certain that you must have gotten the Tree of Beginning in the forbidden land. If you dare to attack us one more time, I will spread this news outside, and then you can wait for the world’s crazy pursuit!”

“What? The Tree of Beginning!” Feng Yue, Elder Tong, and the others gasped in shock.

The Tree of Beginning ah, one of the most valuable and precious trees between heaven and earth. Merely the temptation of the beginning qi could make experts fight head and claws for it, and if the news about the Tree of Beginning leaked out, it would definitely alarmed many old monsters to make a move on Huang Xiaolong. It wouldn’t matter to them that Huang Xiaolong was the Son of Creation for the Tree of Beginning was too attractive of a temptation.

Huang Xiaolong sneered at his threat, “I’ll be waiting then!”

If Huang Xiaolong was still a First Esteem Dao Venerable, he would have worried a little bit, but after advancing to Third Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, he really didn’t care about some pursuits! The more they come, the better it would be! He was in need of a thousand high-level Dao Venerables to power the Sun Moon Furnace to assist his cultivation!

A cold light flashed in Ancestor Xuan’s eyes at Huang Xiaolong’s reply, “Very good, Huang Xiaolong. In that case, just you wait for those old monsters’ frenzied pursuit for your life!”

He waved away the black-eyed poisonous spiders and activated the Eye of Frost in his hand. When the icy blue hole appeared, he appeared beside Bing Jun in a flicker and flew out.