Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2964: Sh*t of a Son of Creation

His seclusion this time lasted almost two hundred years. Hence, it had been two hundred years since Huang Xiaolong had seen true sunlight.

A Dao Venerable expert’s seclusion could easily go on for tens of thousands of years, even several hundred thousand years. For Huang Xiaolong, this was the longest he had ever been in seclusion since he had started on this path, almost two hundred and twenty years.

Inside the Sun Moon Furnace, not only Huang Xiaolong had refined all the two hundred plus Fruits of Beginning, but had also absorbed an entire sea of Frost Jade Cold Water by submerging himself in it as he cultivated!

Huang Xiaolong’s absolute frost power had reached major completion, and it was infinitely close to achieving perfection!

As long as Huang Xiaolong’s absolute frost power reached perfection, he could seal a great area of space in icefrost with a single thought! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Icy rays of light suddenly burst out from his body, and wherever the rays swept passed, everything fell into the ice world’s embrace. In a short breath and the entire uninhabited land, the continents, mountain ranges, rivers and oceans, forests of various sizes, as well as vast grasslands were all covered by a layer of ice.

This was not simply covering them under a thick layer of ice but truly sealed by ice!

A peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable expert would be hard-pressed to shatter the sealing power of his perfection state absolute frost power with a punch!

Huang Xiaolong observed the world of ice around him, feeling quite satisfied. Almost perfection state absolute frost power was truly unparalleled.

Just now, he had not utilized any cosmos energy. It was purely the power of absolute frost. Had he added cosmos energy into the equation, the result would be much more overbearing.

Huang Xiaolong took a grand dao pill with brimming grand dao energy and grand dao laws around it, this was one of the grand dao pills he had refined inside the Sun Moon Furnace, called the Source Essence Pill.

After he finished refining the two hundred plus Fruits of Beginning, and Frost Jade Cold Water, he had spent some time studying the Sun Moon Creed’s pill refining techniques and used the medicinal plants he had found in the Frost Eye Race’s treasury and refined this top-level dao great Source Essence Pill.

There were a total of four batches of it.

Huang Xiaolong popped the Source Essence Pill into his mouth, and chewed on it, enjoying its intoxicating taste.

Top dao grade Source Essence Pill was an extremely precious resource to many Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable experts, but to Huang Xiaolong, it was a snack when his mouth was feeling bland.

The Source Essence Pill's medicinal energy was soon absorbed by his Huang Long Bloodline, without the need for Huang Xiaolong to do anything.

"Poison Bodach, Nine-headed Tree Demon, Sword Venerable!" Huang Xiaolong's pupils gleamed with a frosty light as he listed out his targets.

During the time he was in seclusion, the Mystical Pavilion Branch Master of Dragon Fish Creed, Zeng Lei, and the Boundary Emperor Creed’s Patriarch Di Bai, Long Jianfei, Duan Feng, and the others had continuously sent messages to him. He had learned of the one-sided slaughter in the Saint Devil Heavenly Cave, and he knew that Mo Zhi, Long Shengtian, and Zi Dongping had died at the hands of Poison Bodach, Nine-headed Tree Demon, and Sword Venerable’s disciples.

Although these three had not taken action personally, it was their intention.

“It’s about time to kill a few Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable experts!” Huang Xiaolong mumbled to himself.

Although he was unable to kill peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm old monsters like Poison Bodach, Nine-headed Tree Demon, and Sword Venerable at this point, killing their disciples of early and even mid-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm was only a matter of waving his hand!

After two hundred plus years of seclusion, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation realm had entered the peak early Fifth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm! While inside the Sun Moon Furnace, he had sorted out the grand dao laws and absolute powers he could wield, and began experimenting with combining two or more laws and powers.

For example, the power of absolute frost and absolute poison. He could already combine the two kinds of powers to a certain degree, and he could punch out with these two absolute powers in his fist force, and the combined forces resulted in a shocking destructive power!

Both his absolute frost and absolute poison powers had reached the limit of major completion. Each power was scary enough on its own, but when combined, the effect took one’s breath away.

Huang Xiaolong contacted the Mystical Pavilion’s branch pavilion master Zeng Lei, and ordered him to investigate the whereabouts of Poison Bodach, the Nine-headed Tree Demon, and Sword Venerable’s disciples.

Zeng Lei’s reply came moments later saying that there would be a big auction going on at the Dragon Fish Creed’s Mystical Pavilion Branch a few days later. The Poison Bodach, Nine-headed Tree Demon, Sword Venerable, and the others would be arriving at the Dragon Fish City.

Not only their disciples, but many experts and genesis races who had taken part in the Cangqiong Sacred Land’s slaughter were also going to attend the auction.

“All will be there,” Huang Xiaolong sneered, “All the better.”

It would save him the hassle of searching for them one by one.

Let the slaughter begin!

Then he would settle the score with each one of them that participated in the Cangqiong Sacred Land’s destruction!

Huang Xiaolong sped away, turning into a streak of light and disappearing from the location.

Not long after Huang Xiaolong had left, a group of people flew across the uninhabited frozen land. As they looked at the frozen grasslands and everything in between, they sucked in a breath of cold air in astonishment.

“Absolute frost power! On top of that, it could very well be perfection absolute frost power!”

“Did a peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable old monster happen to pass by here some time ago?!”

At the thought of this possibility, the hair on their backs stood on end.

They flew over out of curiosity because they sensed the shocking frost energy’s fluctuations.

“Let’s go quickly!” The several of them left the place in haste, afraid if they were a split second slower, the old monster would turn around and return.

Huang Xiaolong who was accelerating towards the Dragon Fish City exuded an icy aura all over. Despite knowing that he was the Son of Creation, the Poison Bodach, Nine-headed Demon Tree, Sword Venerable, and others had laid their hands on those closest to him just for the Tree of Beginning, this was not merely challenging him, the Son of Creation, but like challenging his father, Huang Long!

Ever since the Huang Long World had come into being, his father had rarely made his appearance, and since he had not appeared in public for many, many years, these old monsters had forgotten about his father’s existence!

There were rumors going around in the Divine Tuo Holy World that his father Huang Long was no longer in the Huang Long World, and would never come back.

Huang Xiaolong did not know how these rumors came about, but it was definitely filled with ill intentions.

As Huang Xiaolong got closer to the Dragon Fish City, inside a certain luxurious mansion in the Dragon Fish City, a group of young men was having a jolly time.

“Fart of a Son of Creation, I say that Huang Xiaolong is a cowardly turtle. Cangqiong Sacred Land and the Cangqiong Alliance have been destroyed for so many years, but not even his shadow could be seen.” A young man clad in a green brocade robe laughed heartlessly. He was called Liu Ran, the Poison Bodach’s personal disciple, a late-Sixth Esteem Dao Venerable expert.

“My thoughts exactly,” the Sword Venerable’s personal disciple, Yan Bubi, beside him agreed with contempt. “Originally, I wanted to show him my invincible sword dao, to see if his Huang Long Bloodline is as powerful as it is rumored to be. But who would have known that he wouldn’t even show up.” He’s a mid-Seventh Esteem Dao Venerable.

“Brother Yan Bubi’s Invincible Sword Dao has truly inherited the Sword Venerable’s essence. If Huang Xiaolong encounters Brother Yan Bubi, he definitely can’t get past ten moves.” Qiu Ruopeng, the Nine-headed Demon Tree’s personal disciple, chimed in.

Other old monsters’ personal disciples agreed merrily.