Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 298: Refining the Spiritual Energy Fish

Huang Xiaolong recalled the blue and black dragons back into his body, the powerful atmosphere surging around him slowly converged.

A short while later, rocks and stones stopped rolling down from the rift walls.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the tree in front of him. A thought came to him and he suddenly struck a palm out at the trunk, but the tree didn’t even shake! With Huang Xiaolong’s current strength at peak mid-Xiantian Ninth Order, striking the flame tree actually didn’t even make a single piece of tree bark fall. Not to mention, the branches and leaves remained still, unaffected.

Huang Xiaolong was amazed. Running his battle qi, increasing his power, he used both palms this time to strike on the tree trunk, ‘Bang!’ A loud blast rendered the air, yet the flaming tree didn’t even shake.

In the end, Huang Xiaolong soul transformed with both black and blue dragon martial spirits, striking out at full force at the tree trunk. However, the three merely shook for a moment, just for a moment. Neither leaves of branches fell. Furthermore, at full force, Huang Xiaolong’s palm didn’t even manage to leave a print in the trunk. Forget palm print, there wasn’t even a scratch at all.

Huang Xiaolong was greatly astonished. The sturdiness of this tree was a tad too terrifying. At his current level, the force from one of his palm was enough to blast an average Xiantian Seventh Order, even a Xiantian Eight Order into pieces without even soul transforming with his twin dragon martial spirits.

Yet, landing a full force attack on the tree trunk after soul transformation failed to damage this nameless fire tree in the slightest.

With a quick leap, Huang Xiaolong landed on one of the branches on top of the fire tree. Sitting down in a meditative pose, he ran the Asura Tactics and found that cultivating on the fire tree was much faster than sitting underneath it.

While Huang Xiaolong absorbed spiritual energy, the fire tree branches, leaves, and trunk would absorb the fire element energy from the air. As the fire element energy enveloped the tree, it also enveloped Huang Xiaolong wholly, giving him inexplicable comfort.

One day passed and Huang Xiaolong felt as if he was reborn from his soul to his flesh.

‘This fire spiritual energy shouldn’t be some average kind of spiritual energy.’ Huang Xiaolong was delighted with the finding as the thought crossed his mind. Could the spiritual fire energy absorbed by this tree come from the Divine World?! Huang Xiaolong looked at the nameless fire tree, eyes twinkling.

Undoubtedly, this nameless fire tree was a great treasure, he had to think of a way to take it away with him. However, divine trees such as this one couldn’t be placed into a spatial ring. Including the Asura Ring.

Still, Huang Xiaolong wanted to try. With a thought, the Asura Ring emerged on his finger and he infused it with battle qi as he tried to move the fire tree into the ring. The fiery red of the tree seemingly came alive, exuding a force that repelled Huang Xiaolong. Huang Xiaolong was sent staggering backward, his blood roared violently in his veins before it calmed down some time later.

Seeing this result, Huang Xiaolong shook his head and let the Asura Ring submerge again.

Huang Xiaolong’s brows furrowed deeply staring at the fire tree. Then, an idea struck him! Swiftly calling out Godly Mt. Xumi. The Asura Ring may have failed, but what about Godly Mt. Xumi?

Under Huang Xiaolong’s control, Godly Mt. Xumi flew up, hovering right above the fire tree. Huang Xiaolong waved his hands, sending multiple streams of battle qi into the Ten Buddha Formation at the center, initiating the array formation. Instantly, a blinding light burst forth from the Godly Mt. Xumi, reaching the sky, Buddhism energy spread out akin to the morning sunlight. Golden light sprinkled over the fire tree, enveloping the entire tree.

When the Buddhism energy enveloped the fire tree, Huang Xiaolong was delighted to find out that the fire tree didn’t put up a resistance like it did before, it only emitted a gentle fiery glow.

The fiery flow blended in with Buddhism energy, glowing brighter, lighting up the entire rift like it was a surreal fantasy.

A moment later, the fire tree shook as its roots gradually left the ground, flying into the Godly Mt. Xumi, disappearing in an instant into the Godly Mt. Xumi’s space.

Huang Xiaolong jumped with joy. He expected to exert some effort to move the tree into Godly Mt. Xumi, but the tree actually went in so easily. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

He finally got the fire tree!

In a flicker, Huang Xiaolong appeared inside the Xumi Temple and saw that the fire tree was rooted next to the Ten Buddha Formation and the entire Xumi Temple felt warm and comfortable as a fire element spiritual energy flowed to every corner of the Xumi Temple.

Looking at the fire tree, Huang Xiaolong was in an extremely good mood. With the fire tree within the Ten Buddha Formation, he had the confidence to breakthrough to Saint realm and higherㅡGod Realm!

A while later Huang Xiaolong gradually calmed down and exited the Xumi Temple. Since he had broken through to Xiantian Ninth Order, reaching peak mid-Xiantian Ninth Order, it was time to refine the two spiritual energy fish.

Although the fire tree was taken away by Huang Xiaolong, that area of the rift was just as warm as spring, and the cold energy from the other side did not encroach over, despite the absence of the tree.

Huang Xiaolong traced his path back to the cold spring, and before long, he was standing at the edge of the small cold spring lake.

Observing the two spiritual energy fish swimming merrily in the water, Huang Xiaolong called out the Linglong Treasure Pagoda and initiated the Thousand Demon Engulfing Destruction Array. A powerful suction force swallowed the two fish into the cauldron.

The instant the two fish entered the Thousand Beast Cauldron, a layer of ice formed on the surface of the Linglong Treasure Pagoda. Huang Xiaolong swiftly infused his battle qi into the Heaven and Earth Origin Reverting Array within the Thousand Beast Cauldron to refine the two fish, expelling the cold element within. At the same time, a small part of his battle qi was sent into the Ten Buddha Formation, using the Buddhism energy to melt away the layer of azure ice on the Linglong Treasure Pagoda’s surface.

But Huang Xiaolong was shocked when the layer of azure ice melted by the Buddhism energy formed again over the Linglong Treasure Pagoda. As if the two fish contained endless amounts of cold element, the layer of azure ice recurred time and again.

Even with Huang Xiaolong’s peak mid-Xiantian Ninth Order strength, maintaining both sides’ requirements of battle qi was onerous. Later, Huang Xiaolong needed to use the internal force in his dantian as support.

Now that Huang Xiaolong’s internal force had almost fully transformed into true essence energy, he noticed that the Buddhism energy coming from the Ten Buddha Formation was denser and purer when internal force was used compared to his battle qi.

One hour passed.

Finally, the layer of azure ice covering the Linglong Treasure Pagoda’s surface slowly melted and thinned, and three hours later, the layer of azure ice did not form again.

Seeing this, Huang Xiaolong was able to breathe out in relief at last, still, he dared not proceed carelessly, persevering in pushing the array inside the Thousand Beast Cauldron to refine the two fish, expelling the remaining cold elements.

Five days and five nights later, the Thousand Beast Cauldron trembled, shining brightly, the last shreds of the cold element were expelled from the two spiritual energy fish. When the lid was opened, both spiritual energy fish flew out from the cauldron in sparkling splendor.

Huang Xiaolong opened his mouth and a suction force drew both fish into his body. In that instant, spiritual energy akin to a boundless ancient sea roared to every inch of Huang Xiaolong’s body. Terrified, Huang Xiaolong hurried to run the Asura Tactics, fervently absorbing and suppressing the spiritual energy, not letting it run amok.

While Huang Xiaolong was refining the spiritual energy fish, two figures were rushing towards the Broken Tiger Rift, stopping at the same rift edge above.

The new arrivals consisted of an elderly and a young man. Both men were clad in dark violet brocade robes, on the chest of their robes was embroidered the pattern of a six-horned devil scorpion.

“Are you sure that dragon’s roar came from the bottom of this rift?” The old man Fenggong questioned.

Dai Li hurried to answer, “Yes, Master. At that time I was nearby this area, I heard it clearly.”

Fenggong nodded as he stared down at the bottomless rift.