Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2981: I Wonder How His Highness is Doing

With his figure flashing about, Huang Xiaolong dodged the attacks of the black shadow and the others before appearing before a Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable. With a fist containing the strength to shatter the earth, Huang Xiaolong sent him flying.

There were a total of forty experts of the late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm left from the Poison Valley, Supreme Sword Palace, and World Tree factions. Every single one of them were comparable to Ming Fu, and their names alone could shake the myriad of worlds. Despite that, none of them could hold out against Huang Xiaolong’s power of absolute frost. He sealed them off the moment his fist came into contact with their bodies.

The moment the expert was sealed, Huang Xiaolong was struck by the attacks of the Black Shadow Devil and the others. His body trembled, and a look of joy appeared on the faces of his assailants. They rushed towards him once again, intending to end it once and for all.

As their attacks slammed into him for a second time, Huang Xiaolong’s body started to shake. The more violently it shook, the happier the looks on the Black Shadow Devil and the others faces became.

However, they soon realized that something was wrong. “Stop!”

Everyone stared at Huang Xiaolong with a look of surprise.

As the Poison Bodach stopped his attack, he stared at Huang Xiaolong with an ugly expression as he growled, “You… You’ve been faking it all along! You’re not hurt by our attacks!” By the time they realized, Huang Xiaolong had dealt with most of them! Nearly forty late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables were sealed by Huang Xiaolong with his power of absolute frost!

The only ones left were several peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables like the Black Shadow Devil, Poison Bodach, Nine Headed-Tree Demon, the patriarch of the Stonemen Race, Shi Dan, and several others!

Huang Xiaolong turned to sneer at them, “No sh*t… Do you really think you’ll be able to hurt me with your measly skills?”

In the past, only experts at the peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm would have been able to hurt him if the energies they wielded reached the perfection level. All of them attacking him might have been strong, but none of them were at that level yet! The power of absolute flame the Old Flame Freak used was only at the major completion!

The only reason he pretended to be hurt when fighting all of them was because he needed to waste their time in order to seal the other attackers.

Of course, that wasn’t all he was doing…

“You… You’re setting up a formation!” The Black Shadow Devil, Mo Ying, growled at him.

“That’s right.” Huang Xiaolong didn’t plan to hide anything. Since Mo Ying was aligned with the spatial element, he could easily feel the changes in the space around them.

As soon as the words left his lips, Huang Xiaolong waved his hand and the space around them started to transform. Countless rays of light shot up into the skies, and a terrifying formation appeared around them. The space around the Blue Lotus Pond was sealed off from the outside world as a horrifying pressure descended.

Huang Xiaolong threw out the Sun Moon Furnace, and it landed in the eye of the formation. The suns and moons surrounding them seemed to spring to life as they surrounded the furnace to illuminate the world around them.

“Sun and Moon Grand Formation!” The faces of Huang Xiaolong’s opponents changed and they yelled in shock.

In the past, the Sun and Moon Creed was the highest authority when it came to refining pills in the Divine Tuo Holy World. At their peak, they were stronger than the Divination Creed, Dragon Fish Creed, and the likes. The Sun and Moon Grand Formation was one of the strongest formations in the Divine Tuo Holy World, and it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that it ranked in the top ten formations among the lands. In the past, countless experts surrounded the Sun and Moon Creed, but they failed to shatter the formation after ten whole days of bombardment! One could only imagine how strong the formation was!

Of course, the Sun and Moon Grand Formation required the Sun Moon Furnace to be used in order to bring out its true strength. Huang Xiaolong might have only gained a superficial understanding of the formation, but he had the furnace! With the furnace powering the formation, he would be more than capable of trapping everyone in there for more than an hour.

An hour was more than enough for Huang Xiaolong to do his thing!

Shi Dan, the patriarch of the Stonemen Race, sent a punch towards the void in the formation all of a sudden. Blinding rays of light emerged from the eye of the formation and they quickly formed a sea of light that stopped Shi Dan’s fist that had the strength to shatter more than a dozen sacred lands.

As an explosion rang out in the ears of everyone present, an interesting scene played out in front of those present. The formation barely flickered, but Shi Dan was sent retreating several miles before he finally found his footing.

The faces of those standing against Huang Xiaolong changed.

“If we want to shatter the formation, we need to destroy the suns and moons hanging above our heads!” Poison Bodach yelled all of a sudden. “The only other way is to defeat the person controlling the formation!” Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Their expressions sank instantly.

All of them were monsters who had reached the peak of the late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, and they were experienced cultivators. They knew that the suns and moons above them were interconnected, and there were more than several hundred thousands of them!

Even if they went all out, they would need an hour or two to break out of the formation!

With the pesky Huang Xiaolong standing at the side, they knew that they wouldn’t be given the luxury of time to do what they wished.

As for defeating Huang Xiaolong…

That was nothing more than a dream. Huang Xiaolong’s strength was laid bare for all of them to see, and his ability to control the power of absolute frost had already reached the perfection level! None of them could even think of holding him back!

A feeling of despair formed in their hearts all of a sudden.

Huang Xiaolong wasn’t nice enough to give them time to think of what to do. As his figure blurred, he appeared before an old expert who had green hair. When the old man saw that Huang Xiaolong had appeared before him, an expression of shock formed on his face, and he slashed towards Huang Xiaolong with the edge of his palms in a state of panic.

The old man was called the Greenwood Ancestor, and he was a dao tree who had grown for many years. He was the sworn brother of the Nine-Headed Tree Spirit, and he was also at the peak of the late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm. Compared to the Nine-Headed Tree Spirit, he was far weaker.

When the power of absolute frost entered his body, the Greenwood Ancestor was sent flying.

“Second Brother!” The Nine-Headed Tree Spirit screamed in horror.

Before he could do anything, the Black Shadow Devil snapped, “I control the power of space and I will hold Huang Xiaolong back. All of you do your best to shatter the formation! If we refuse to work together, all of us will fall into his hands today!”

The moment the words left his lips, he sprung into action. Several thousand copies of him appeared, and there seemed to be no differences between any of them. They moved in unison as they surrounded Huang Xiaolong.

The Poison Bodach the Old Flame Freak, and the others hastily banded together to shatter the formation.

While everything was happening, Bi Cheng, Wu Kun, and the others were rushing over in a state of worry.

“I wonder how His Highness is doing now…” Wu Kun felt like his heart was on fire when he thought of the possibilities.

Bi Cheng muttered, “We’ll need another hour to arrive. With more than two hundred experts from their factions moving, His Highness might have already lost!”

Wu Kun roared in anger, “If the Poison Bodach and the others dare to lay a hand on His Highness, I, Wu Kun, swear to slay every single last b*stard there!”

Bi Cheng sighed. Even if they managed to arrive before the battle ended, the other side had more than two hundred Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables! It wouldn’t be much of a fight either way!