Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2983: Holy Dragon World

After controlling the several hundred Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables, Huang Xiaolong finally set his sights on Poison Bodach and the others. He released them, and they appeared before him.

“Huang Xiaolong, what the f*ck do you want from us?!” The various peak-level experts raged the moment they were released.

When they appeared, Huang Xiaolong’s power of absolute frost froze their entire bodies. He sealed off the cosmos energy in their bodies with layers upon layers of restrictions.

Not a single person managed to escape from the Sun and Moon Grand Formation, and the devil shadow that belonged to the Black Shadow Devil was shattered by Huang Xiaolong.

It was a pity the Black Shadow Devil’s true body wasn’t in the Blue Lotus Pond…

“What do I want?” Huang Xiaolong chuckled. “You’ll find out.”

Since Ming Fu, the Old Monster Flame, and the others had nothing to do with the incident in the Cangqiong Sacred Land, Huang Xiaolong placed a brand on their souls and left it at that. For Poison Bodach, Sword Venerable, the Nine-Headed Tree Demon, and those who had a hand in the incident, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t let them off so easily!

Searching through their souls, Huang Xiaolong obtained their memories before throwing them into the grand formation in the Sun Moon Furnace. He then allowed the black-eyed spiders to wreak havoc on the bodies of those in the furnace. He didn’t allow them to corrode their physical bodies instantly. Instead, he made them restrain themselves to torture them bit by bit!

By the time he emerged from the furnace, night had fallen.

Standing in the air above the Emperor Boundary main palace, Huang Xiaolong turned to look at the skies above.

Poison Bodach, Sword Venerable, and the Nine-Headed Tree Demon were old monsters who had lived for an indescribable period of time. Huang Xiaolong gained a lot of secrets he didn’t know about the Divine Tuo Holy World. There was even information about different worlds in the Huang Long World Huang Xiaolong didn’t know previously.

For example, he learned about the Origin Holy World, the true pavilion master of the Mystical Pavilion, and the mysterious man who had tried to kill him and had saved Huang Shuai during the Creation Ceremony.

There were an uncountable number of holy worlds in the Huang Long World, and the Divine Tuo Holy World was the core of it. However, it wasn’t the strongest world out there. The Origin Holy World reigned supreme in the Huang Long World, and it was said that the Origin Holy World was where the creation of the Huang Long World had begun. That was also why it was named the Origin Holy World.

For superpowers at the level of the Mystical Pavilion, it was said that their true headquarters was located in the Origin Holy World.

There were countless experts in the Origin Holy World, and the world master there was an expert who controlled the power of the four elements, earth, wind, fire, and water. The four basic elements were hailed as the origin of all creatures, and one could only imagine how powerful he was.

Of course, possessing the power of the four basic elements was merely the start. He had reached perfection in his control over the elements.

With one element comprehended to the perfection level, Huang Xiaolong was already an unbeatable existence in the Divine Tuo Holy World. He could walk sideways through the lands if he wished, but the world master of the Origin Holy World was someone who had reached perfection level in all four elements! He wielded terrifying power, and he was an existence who stood at the peak of the Huang Long World!

As for the true pavilion master of the Mystical Pavilion, he was said to be even stronger than the Origin Holy World’s world master!

As for the mystery man who had saved Huang Shuai, he was most likely the creation level ancestor of the Holy Dragon Race. He was called the Devil Essence Holy Dragon Ancestor, and his position in the Holy Dragon Race was comparable to the Dark Lightning Holy Dragon Ancestor in the Divine Tuo Holy World.

“Devil Essence Holy Dragon Ancestor…” Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself.

It seemed as though he had to take a trip over to the Holy Dragon World.

As the home of the Holy Dragon Race, the Holy Dragon World was located in the northern part of the Divine Tuo Holy World. Even though there were tons of dragon races living in the Holy Dragon World, the Holy Dragon Race was the strongest among them.

Whatever the case, he needed to look for the Devil Essence Holy Dragon Ancestor and locate Huang Shuai. The Huang Long Cape was sure to be with the man, and Huang Xiaolong would never allow a part of the Set of Creation to fall into the hands of others. As long as he obtained the cape, he would be able to know where Huang Shuai’s bloodline came from!

Huang Xiaolong wanted to use the time to look for the items left behind by his father in the Holy Dragon World at the same time.

“Father…” A deep gaze could be seen in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

From the memories he gathered, Huang Xiaolong learned about several places he could find his father. He also discovered some secrets about the universe.

The knowledge he gained was something even Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables didn’t know. As for the locations he could find his father, they were all deductions by the old freaks.

“Xiaolong!” Cangqiong Old Man and Fei Yanzi appeared behind him all of a sudden. Following closely behind were Long Jianfei, Duan Feng, and Duan Zheng.

“What about Long Shengtian and the others?” Cangqiong Old Man couldn’t hide his sadness when he spoke of them.

“Master, rest assured that I will revive them one day,” Huang Xiaolong muttered softly.

When they heard what he said, they stared at him in shock.

“Xiaolong, they… can they be revived?” Fei Yanzi was shocked. One had to know that their souls were exterminated!

“Of course.” Huang Xiaolong nodded solemnly. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He wasn’t lying to them. As long as he managed to comprehend the power of space and time, he could reach the perfection level in time to come. When that happened, he would be able to turn back time to bring them back!

It came without saying that comprehending the power of space and time was easier said than done. Only the Black Shadow Devil in the Divine Tuo Holy World had comprehended the power of space, and no one had heard of anyone who managed to control time. Mastering both was something unheard of, much less reaching perfection level in both powers.

Deep down, Huang Xiaolong knew that even if he did reach the perfection level in both powers, he would have to pay a hefty price to revive Mo Zhi and the rest. He decided to remain silent about it and he didn’t explain it to the rest.

Cangqiong Old Man and the others were overjoyed to hear that Mo Zhi, Long Shengtian, and the others could come back to life.

Cangqiong Old Man sighed when he looked at Huang Xiaolong. He had never once thought that the kid he had accepted as his disciple would be the Son of Creation, and even Fei Yanzi never had once thought about his identity! Complicated emotions filled her heart.

“Xiaolong, the Dragon Fish Dao Venerable, and the others are outside, and they are requesting an audience with you. Do you…” Cangqiong Old Man asked.

Huang Xiaolong sucked in a deep breath, and he eventually nodded his head, “Let them in.”

Since he planned to head over to the Holy Dragon World in the near future, he planned to learn more from them. He could also take the chance to learn more about his father.

Several months later…

When Huang Xiaolong left the Boundary Emperor Creed, he left behind a large number of grand dao pills. He gave Cangqiong Old Man, Fei Yanzi, and the others a lot of seven-seeded Blue Lotuses, and he told them to cultivate in the Boundary Emperor Creed. Not daring to be careless, he left behind several dozen peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables to protect them.

He headed over to the Holy Dragon World alone, but that in itself was a misleading statement. There were over five hundred Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables in the Sun Moon Furnace ready to appear at any moment.