Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3011: Bright Lightning Abyss

After leaving the space contained by the Blood Dragon Stele, Huang Xiaolong didn’t continue to cultivate. Instead, he returned to the Boundary Emperor Creed to visit the Cangqiong Old Man, Fei Yanzi, and the others.

It was a long time since he had last seen them.

After he returned, Huang Xiaolong remained in the Boundary Emperor Creed for several months. During the day, he would give the Cangqiong Old Man and Fei Yanzi pointers in their cultivation, and he would sit under the Parasol Tree at night. He would refine the pills he obtained from the Holy Dragon Treasury, and he would solidify his foundations in the Seventh Esteem Dao Venerable Realm. At the same time, he would further his comprehension in the different elements he controlled.

When he had time, he would head over to the Silver Shadow Creed and Traversing Wind Creed. He took the chance to visit Yin Yue and Feng Yue.

At the same time, he tried looking for the Eternal Devil Heart.

In the past, he defeated the Heart Devourer Twin Devils, but the Eternal Devil Heart managed to escape. Huang Xiaolong left a brand on it, and he managed to locate it without much difficulty.

The Eternal Devil Heart was one of the sources of darkness and evil in the Huang Long World. If he refined the Eternal Devil Heart, he would be able to comprehend the power of darkness and arrive at the minor completion stage!

Along the way, Huang Xiaolong followed Duan Feng and Duan Zheng back to the Divination Creed. When he arrived, he received a grand reception, and the entire family threw a massive welcoming ceremony for him.

Activating the power of the Divination Creed, Huang Xiaolong located Elder Ming and the Yin Borer King who escaped from the Cangqiong Holy World.

In the hundreds of years that passed, the two of them were able to build a name for themselves in the Divine Tuo Holy World. They were mixing in pretty well, and their strength allowed them to live comfortably in a certain region of the Divine Tuo Holy World. However, they nearly wet themselves when they saw Huang Xiaolong and the group of Dao Venerables behind him.

…

After learning that the Dark Lightning Holy Dragon Ancestor wouldn’t be ranked in the top ten strongest individuals when he went over to the Origin Holy World, Huang Xiaolong decided against rushing over. He wanted to raise his strength as much as possible in the Divine Tuo Holy World, and he wanted to comprehend the different types of energies he controlled.

After many years, Huang Xiaolong decided to head over to the World Tree that birthed the Nine-headed Tree Demon. He retrieved the treasury, and he managed to collect some life liquid from the World Tree itself!

Next, he strolled over to the Stonemen race and the Inferno Race to claim their treasuries for himself.

In the blink of an eye, four hundred years passed.

Huang Xiaolong had been refining the power of darkness that came from the Eternal Devil Heart, and his ability to control darkness reached the minor completion stage. He also refined all twenty creation-level pills left behind by his father in the Blood Dragon Stele, and everything he obtained from all the treasuries!

At the late-Eighth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, Huang Xiaolong’s strength reached a whole new level.

Throughout the years, the Dao Venerables in the Sun Moon Furnace didn’t remain idle. Huang Xiaolong used their cosmos energy to refine his body, and it could be said that his three small worlds reached their most perfect state with their assistance.

Huang Xiaolong also activated the powers in the Divine Tuo Holy World to locate more genesis-level poison liquid. With the liquid he gathered, he managed to reach perfection in the absolute power of poison!

When he was done, he reached perfection level in two different types of absolute powers!

In order to test out his strength, Huang Xiaolong located the Dark Lightning Holy Dragon Ancestor once again. To the old dragon who lost against Huang Xiaolong when he was still a Seventh Esteem Dao Venerable with one element at perfection level, the current Huang Xiaolong was practically a monster. He was completely crushed, and Huang Xiaolong didn’t even bring out his Huang Long Armor and the Huang Long Twin Blades! There wasn’t a need for him to transform into the golden dragon either. With his grand dao physique, he completely dominated the old dragon!

The only pity throughout the four hundred years was that Huang Xiaolong failed to increase his understanding of the power of nirvana. Even after immersing himself in the power of nirvana from the Parasol Tree, Huang Xiaolong’s ability to control the power of nirvana stagnated at the major completion stage. His ability to control fire was a little better, as he progressed from the minor completion stage to the peak of the minor completion stage!

One fine day, brilliant rays of light started to emerge from Huang Xiaolong’s body when he was cultivating in the Sun Moon Furnace. Right before the light surrounded him completely, it dissipated after a popping sound was heard.

Streaks of green light swirled around him as it started to fade from existence.

Half a day later, Huang Xiaolong sighed while shaking his head. He focused on the power of poison the past hundreds of years, and he refined medicinal pills most of the time in order to increase his cultivation realm. As such, he couldn’t comprehend the power of radiance and wood.

While he was sighing regretfully, his transmission symbol trembled. Taking a look at it, he saw that it was a message sent by Zeng Lei of the Mystical Pavilion.

“Oh?” He was slightly taken aback by the sudden report.

According to Zeng Lei, a huge group of demons at the Dao Venerable Realm were charging towards the Bright Lightning Abyss.

No one knew the reason for their sudden interest in the Bright Lightning Abyss, but a trace of light flashed in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

There had to be a reason for their sudden interest in the Bright Lightning Abyss, and Huang Xiaolong quickly emerged from the furnace. He contacted the Cangqiong Old Man and Fei Yanzi after he reappeared. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

“Xiaolong, are you really planning to head over to the Bright Lightning Abyss?” Cangqiong Old Man was taken aback by his sudden revelation.

Nodding slowly, Huang Xiaolong revealed his intentions of heading over. Even though he didn’t know their goal, he needed to search for Long Jianfei’s master, Chen Xi, in the Bright Lightning Abyss.

He promised Long Jianfei in the past that he would search for Chen Xi after entering the Dao Venerable Realm, but he was too busy to do so.

Since he had a reason to enter the Bright Lightning Abyss, he felt that it was time to fulfill his promise.

There was also another reason behind his desire to enter the Bright Lightning Abyss. After his second sparring session with the Dark Lightning Holy Dragon Ancestor, Huang Xiaolong learned that the old dragon managed to obtain a massive opportunity in the abyss that allowed him to reach perfection level in the laws of lightning.

The Bright Lightning Abyss was a land of lightning and thunder, and it was where the genesis lightning liquid was located. The old dragon managed to obtain a massive pool of genesis lightning water in the abyss, and he used it to strengthen his control over the lightning element.

It went without saying that the genesis lightning liquid was the same level as the genesis poison liquid.

“When are you planning to leave?” Fei Yanzi asked in a gentle voice.

“Soon.”

This time, Huang Xiaolong didn’t tell anyone else he was heading to the Bright Lightning Abyss other than his master and Fei Yanzi. As such, he was able to leave without being traced.

Fei Yanzi stared at his departing figure in a daze, not knowing how long it would be before they reunited.

…

Several days later, Huang Xiaolong arrived at the entrance of the Bright Lightning Abyss on the back of the Tortoise Ancestor.

Stopping for a moment, Huang Xiaolong tore through the lightning qi in the air before urging the Tortoise Ancestor forward.