Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3013: Demonic Buddha Black Region

From the memories of the demon with a white horn on his head, Huang Xiaolong learned that the purple mountain was likely to be a genesis-level existence! In other words, it was formed during the creation of the world!

It was no wonder the demons from the Outer World would take such a huge risk to enter the Bright Lightning Abyss! If the mysterious purple peak really was a genesis-level existence, there would definitely be genesis-level herbs growing on it!

Genesis-level treasures and herbs were definitely precious items! There might even be other items at the genesis-level located on it!

With a look of joy spreading on his face, Huang Xiaolong thought about the possibility of the Genesis Lightning Water residing on the mountain.

It didn’t take long for Huang Xiaolong to brand the dao souls of the demons, and he started to move towards the mysterious purple peak deep within the Bright Lightning Abyss. The demons followed behind the Tortoise Ancestor and acted like a group of thugs following their master.

In the Divine Tuo Holy World, there were countless creeds, and superpowers. It was the same for the Outer World, and they had their own structure of power.

The young master with the white horn was part of the Heavenly Venerable Palace in the Outer World.

The Heavenly Venerable Palace was a top tier power in the Outer World, and their place was similar to the Heavenly Phoenix Race in the Divine Tuo Holy World. It was stronger than the Dragon Fish Creed!

Even though Huang Xiaolong was in a rush to head over to the mysterious purple peak, he didn’t forget to look for Chen Xi along the way. Chen Xi had the inheritance treasure of the Dragon Fish Creed, and Huang Xiaolong would be able to locate him easily as long as he detected the presence of the treasure.

It was a pity… No matter how hard he tried, Huang Xiaolong failed to locate any traces of Chen Xi.

Half a month later…

Huang Xiaolong and the Tortoise Ancestor arrived in the depths of the Bright Lightning Abyss with a group of demons behind them.

As soon as they arrived, they ran into high-level Dao Venerable Realm lightning beasts.

In order not to affect their speed, Huang Xiaolong personally moved against the lightning beasts. He suppressed them all easily, and threw them into the Sun Moon Furnace.

In the countless years that passed, the furnace had been constantly tempered by the Tree of Beginning and Parasol Tree. With the help of the Old Monster Flame and the others, it showed signs of breaking through. If it could reach the peak-grade cosmos artifact level, its power would take a huge leap forward.

If Huang Xiaolong entered the furnace to train, the effects would be much better than before!

The deeper they went, the stronger the lightning beasts became. However, it didn’t matter how strong they were. Huang Xiaolong suppressed them with a single move before throwing them into the Sun Moon Furnace. When Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm lightning beasts started to show up, Huang Xiaolong didn’t bat an eyelid as he dealt with them the exact same way. Regardless of their cultivation realm, none of them could do a thing to Huang Xiaolong.

Without the presence of day and night in the Bright Lightning Abyss, Huang Xiaolong only saw lightning qi filling the skies above him. Lightning bolts slammed down into the ground occasionally, and the size of the lightning bolts had increased significantly since he entered the Bright Lightning Abyss.

In the past, they were merely larger than his thumb. Now, they were as large as snakes.

When the lightning snakes started to gather together, they fused into their surroundings. They became inextinguishable existences, and even when the Tortoise Ancestor smashed apart several million lightning snakes with a single palm, they managed to revive in the next instant.

Even Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables would be in deep trouble when surrounded by the lightning snakes.

However, Huang Xiaolong was no ordinary expert. With a single palm, he blasted them apart. Forming a world of lightning around him, he devoured the lightning snakes when they approached him again. When they entered his world of lightning, they became supplements for Huang Xiaolong’s lightning attribute.

If other experts were to arrive, they would never be able to devour the lightning snakes even if they wielded the power of absolute lightning. However, with the Huang Long Bloodline, Huang Xiaolong could refine them with ease.

Several dozen days passed once again, and Huang Xiaolong finally arrived at the depths of the Bright Lightning Abyss. Even so, they still needed several days to arrive at the mysterious purple peak.

When they finally arrived, the lightning qi around them made it hard for anyone to move. Luckily for Huang Xiaolong, he possessed the Huang Long Bloodline and he could control the power of absolute lightning. He was like a fish in water when traveling through the depths of the Bright Lightning Abyss.

“The lightning qi here is really pure!”

It was practically a heaven for anyone who cultivated the power of absolute lightning. It was no wonder the old dragon remained in the Bright Lightning Abyss for so many years in the past!

All of a sudden, a tiger shaped lightning beasts pounced at Huang Xiaolong’s group without warning.

In the depths of the Bright Lightning Abyss, any lightning beasts that existed were in the late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm.

The tiger shaped lightning beast was born from the purest power of lightning, and it was extremely strong. It was an existence on the same level as Liang Xiao, the Tortoise Ancestor!

However, Huang Xiaolong dealt with it with a single wave of his hand. He branded its dao soul instantly before throwing it into the Sun Moon Furnace.

He used the lightning qi produced by the beast to refine the furnace even further. He realized that the more lightning beasts he captured, the faster the furnace improved. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

…

“We’re finally here!” Huang Xiaolong sighed after four days of traveling. Looking at the mountain that pierced straight into the skies, he noticed that it was larger than a supercontinent in size! Purple lightning swirled around the peak, and it emitted a horrifying pressure.

“This… This mountain peak definitely formed during the creation of the world!” Liang Xiao stammered.

Nodding his head, Huang Xiaolong felt a smile creeping up his face. Previously, he doubted the fact that the mountain peak was at the genesis-level but now that he was seeing it for himself, he no longer doubted the validity of the statement.

The mysterious purple peak was made from purple mountain rocks that were completely immune to the purple lightning swirling around the peak.

Reaching out with his hand, Huang Xiaolong shot a stream of energy towards the peak of the mountain. When it struck the purple mountain rocks, he only managed to leave a tiny mark on its surface. He didn’t even manage to leave behind a hole in the rock, and Huang Xiaolong raised his eyebrows in shock. Even the Tortoise Ancestor couldn’t believe what just happened.

One had to know that Huang Xiaolong could pierce through the Tortoise Ancestor’s shell with that stream of energy!

It didn’t take long for the mark on the stone to disappear, and Huang Xiaolong was shocked. He couldn’t believe that the rocks could regenerate themselves.

With a burning gaze, Huang Xiaolong realized that even if he failed to locate any treasures on the mysterious purple peak, the entire mountain itself was an invaluable treasure.

“Let’s go!” Huang Xiaolong ordered the Tortoise Ancestor to proceed forward, but a group of more than three hundred demons appeared from the peak all of a sudden. They stopped Huang Xiaolong dead in his tracks. They were all high-level Dao Venerables, and they were definitely a force to be reckoned with.

“This mysterious purple peak is a treasure of our Demon Buddha Alliance. Anyone who dares step on the mountain will die!” A frosty light flashed in the eyes of the demon in the lead.

“Oh? Demon Buddha?”

The space outside the great holy worlds was called the Outer World, and it was where the demons resided. The Demon Buddha Black Region was a superpower of the Outer World, and it was the region closest to the Divine Tuo Holy World. The Demon Buddha was the strongest expert in the Demon Buddha Black Region, and his strength was comparable to the Dark Lightning Holy Dragon Ancestor!