Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 3014: Who’s the Other Guy?!

The Demon Buddha might be comparable to the Dark Lightning Holy Dragon Ancestor in strength, but he only reached perfection in a single element. He was proficient in the power of darkness, and his ability to control the radiant element was only at the major completion stage.

Among the thirteen elements, the power of radiance was ranked fourth, while the power of darkness was ranked fifth. The Demon Buddha who reached major completion stage in the power of radiance was a terrifying existence!

“Lord Huang Zhe, they are from the Heavenly Venerable Palace.” Someone recognized the white horned demon behind Huang Xiaolong.

As soon as he spoke, the demon in the lead was stunned. He turned to look at the demons behind Huang Xiaolong, and a frown formed on his face.

The Heavenly Venerable Palace was a power in the Demon Buddha Black Region, and the palace master was the reputable Heavenly Demon. He was one of the ten strongest experts in the region!

“As it turns out, Your Highness is present!” Huang Zhe retracted his gaze and looked at Huang Xiaolong once again. He didn’t understand why the members of the Heavenly Venerable Palace would be following behind a human. Moreover, they were behaving as though the human was above them in status!

“Regardless of your relationship with the members of the Heavenly Venerable Palace, none of you can step into the mysterious purple peak!” Huang Zhe glared at Huang Xiaolong and continued, “Even the Heavenly Venerable Palace wouldn't be allowed in! Lord Demon Buddha gave the order himself, and everyone who defies his order will die!”

The demons who emerged from the mysterious purple peak stared at the members of the Heavenly Venerable Palace and Huang Xiaolong. If they made any sudden movements, they wouldn’t hesitate to kill them all.

“Oh?” Huang Xiaolong looked into the depths of the mysterious purple peak and snickered. “It seems like the Demon Buddha personally came over to the mysterious purple peak.”

The Demon Buddha was the strongest person in the Demon Buddha Black Region, and he controlled one tenth of the power in the Demon Buddha Black Region! If Huang Xiaolong managed to subdue the Demon Buddha, his journey to the Origin Holy World would be much smoother!

With the Demon Buddha Black Region being comparable to the Divine Tuo Holy World, one tenth of its power was a terrifying amount! It was something ten thousand times scarier than the Holy Dragon Race, Heavenly Phoenix Race, Radiant Winged Dragon Race, and the Giant Golden Dragon Race combined!

Moreover, he needed to pass through the Demon Buddha Black Region when he headed over to the Origin Holy World in the future. That wasn’t the only region as he needed to cross the Heavenly Dawn Black Region, Swordless Black Region, and the Thousand Nightmare Black Region. If he managed to subdue the Demon Buddha, passing through one of the four regions would be effortless.

“How dare you!” Huang Zhe screamed when he heard how Huang Xiaolong called the Demon Buddha out by name. “I will kill whoever disrespects Lord Demon Buddha!”

A blade appeared in his hand as he slashed at Huang Xiaolong. Demonic qi filled the skies and it transformed into countless evil demons that pounced on Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Zhe was extremely strong, and he was comparable to Ao Ji of the Radiant Winged Dragon Race.

However, Huang Xiaolong merely flicked his fingers once when faced with the terrifying amount of demon qi. A stream of energy shot towards Huang Zhe, and a hole was pierced through his body. The man was sent flying and he slammed heavily into the mountain peak.

The members of the Demon Buddha Alliance were shocked.

How could someone like Huang Zhe be unable to withstand a single strike from Huang Xiaolong?!

All of them could see that Huang Xiaolong was a mere Eighth Esteem Dao Venerable, and none of them expected him to be able to do what he just did.

After he sent Huang Zhe flying, Huang Xiaolong grabbed at the space in front of him and dragged the man over to himself.

“Release Lord Huang Zhe right now!” The demons snapped back to reality and they charged at Huang Xiaolong without the slightest hesitation.

However, Huang Xiaolong sent them all flying with a single wave of his hand. Icy blue light filled the skies, and with his increase in strength, the power of absolute frost he wielded reached a whole new level. Compared to the time when he challenged the Dark Lightning Holy Dragon Ancestor, he was countless times stronger!

The experts of the Demon Buddha Alliance were not even close to the peak of the late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm. How could they possibly defend themselves against Huan Xiaolong? With miserable cries ringing out in the skies, all of them turned into ice statues.

The Golden Dragon appeared behind Huang Xiaolong, and it glared at the experts sealed in ice. A brand was left on their dao souls, and Huang Xiaolong swiped his hand over to shatter the ice surrounding them.

In the past, Huang Xiaolong was unable to break the ice surrounding the bodies of those he sealed with the power of absolute frost. In his many years of training, he finally became proficient at using the power of absolute frost, and he was able to easily retrieve his energy after sending it out.

Of course, Huang Zhe didn’t receive preferential treatment. His soul was also branded, and Huang Xiaolong used the power of nirvana to help him recover his wounds.

The stream of energy that pierced through Huang Zhe’s body and shattered in insides started to dissipate, as his wounds started to heal.

That was the true power of nirvana. Huang Zhe became as good as new, and it was as though Huang Xiaolong didn’t move against him previously.

When Huang Xiaolong suffered from any sort of injury, he would be able to come back to life with the power of nirvana! Even if his dao heart was destroyed, it wouldn’t stop him from restoring himself to his original state! Rumors had it that if one reached perfection level in the power of nirvana, they would be able to revive even if their dao soul was shattered! Of course, those were mere rumors. After all, no one in the Divine Tuo Holy World had ever comprehended the power of nirvana to perfection level!

After subduing Huang Zhe and the rest… VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Huang Xiaolong entered the mysterious purple peak without anyone to stop him.

He stationed Huang Zhe and the others at the entrance of the mountain range in order to stop anyone else from approaching, and the members of the Heavenly Venerable Palace were left behind too.

“The energy here is really pure!” Liang Xiao exclaimed as they traveled to the peak of the mountain range.

Pure energy surrounded the mysterious purple peak, and to Huang Xiaolong’s surprise, there were also traces of grandmist qi in the air!

Even at the foot of the mountain range, the energy that surrounded them was extremely pure. Huang Xiaolong knew that the purity of the energy would only increase as they went higher, and if there were traces of grandmist qi at the foot of the mountain, there should be something even better at the peak!

Huang Xiaolong hastily ordered the Tortoise Ancestor to head up the mountain.

“Void Reincarnation Thistle!”

Along the way, the Tortoise Ancestor cried out in excitement every time they came across a valuable herb.

The Void Reincarnation Thistle was a genesis-level spiritual herb that was extremely hard to find! In the many years of existence of the Divine Tuo Holy World, the Void Reincarnation Thistle only appeared several times!

A stalk of Void Reincarnation Thistle was actually growing at the foot of the mysterious purple peak!

Huang Xiaolong was pretty calm compared to the old tortoise. After all, he expected to see spiritual herbs at that level.

The Void Reincarnation Thistle contained a strand of spatial powers. If one refined the grass, they might be able to comprehend the powers of space, and even though the chance of that was small, it was better than nothing!

All of a sudden, a terrifying wave of power emerged from the peak of the mountain.

Narrowing his eyes, Huang Xiaolong recognized the power. That was the power of darkness at perfection level, and it definitely came from the Demon Buddha. Huang Xiaolong was shocked that someone managed to force the Demon Buddha to go all out…

Grabbing the Void Reincarnation Thistle, Huang Xiaolong kept it well before ordering the Tortoise Ancestor to head straight up the mountain at full speed.