Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Chapter 3073: Death Beasts

Five years went by in the blink of an eye. Inside the Sun Moon Furnace, Huang Xiaolong refined one Rebirth Purple Crystal after another, and before long, all six Rebirth Purple Crystals were absorbed by him.

Subsequently, Huang Xiaolong started working on the peak-grade Phoenix Fire Crystals.

Huang Xiaolong obtained more than twenty pieces of Phoenix Fire Crystals from the Nine Flames Immortal’s treasury, and later on, Huang Xiaolong added another dozen to the count from the Wind Cloud Dao Venerbale’s contribution. Therefore, he had close to forty pieces of Phoenix Fire Crystals.

Then again, Huang Xiaolong was in no hurry. Every time he finished absorbing one Phoenix Fire Crystal, he proceeded to the next crystal and continued comprehending the power of nirvana inside the peak-grade Phoenix Fire Crystals.

While Huang Xiaolong was in seclusion, comprehending the power of nirvana within the Rebirth Purple Crystals and Phoenix Fire Crystals, strands of nirvana power and absolute power of blaze flowed down from the Parasol Tree.

Power of nirvana and absolute blaze power rippled around Huang Xiaolong like glistening water.

The pure soil Huang Xiaolong had obtained on The Other Shore of the Ocean of Suffering was scattered around him on the floor. Pure radiance power from the pure soil continuously purified his three dao souls.

At the same time, Lei Yu, Old Monster Flame, Ming Fu, and more than a thousand high-level Dao Venerables persistently infused their cosmos energy into the Sun Moon Furnace.

These cosmos energies continuously tempered Huang Xiaolong’s Dao Body of Heaven and Earth, strengthening Huang Xiaolong’s three small worlds.

It didn’t take Huang Xiaolong long to refine his entire gain of Phoenix Fire Crystals, and even so, it did not help his power of nirvana to break through to perfection level.

Amongst the thirteen elements of absolute power, the power of nirvana ranked third, second only to the power of time and power of space. The higher the ranking was, the harder it was to cultivate the absolute power to a perfection level.

Though Huang Xiaolong’s power of nirvana did not break through to perfection level, it rose significantly, reaching the peak of major completion.

After Huang Xiaolong finished refining the Phoenix Fire Crystals, he took out the Nine Flames Pill refined by the Nine Flames Immortal. The ingredients for refining the Nine Flames Pill contained the power of nirvana and absolute blaze.

Huang Xiaolong popped a pill into his mouth, and immediately, the Nine Flames Pill melted into waves of hot energy that coursed through his body, and he continued to immerse himself in comprehending the two absolute powers.

While in seclusion, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation broke through from early Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm to peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm, and then to mid-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm in no time!

As Huang Xiaolong’s power of nirvana and cultivation improved, his radiance power and power of blaze also improved. His power of radiance that had just entered the threshold not long ago showed signs of a breakthrough. During this time, his peak major completion absolute blaze power finally advanced to a perfection level.

It didn’t take long for Huang Xiaolong to refine the twenty-plus Nine Flames Pills.

He then took out the Purple Lightning Sun and Moon Pills.

Huang Xiaolong planned to refine the remaining Purple Lightning Sun and Moon Pills and advance to peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable Realm before exiting his seclusion.

By borrowing the purple lightning energy within the Purple Lightning Sun and Moon Pills, Huang Xiaolong raised his absolute lightning power to another level.

Purple-colored lightning drowned Huang Xiaolong within an instant.

Absolute lightning power expanded into an ocean of lightning, integrating harmoniously with the Parasol Tree’s nirvana power, absolute blaze power, beginning qi of the Tree of Beginning, and the pure soil’s radiance power.

In the blink of an eye, more than a hundred years had gone by.

While Huang Xiaolong proceeded to refine Purple Lightning Sun and Moon Pills inside the Sun Moon Furnace, there was a major incident in the Origin Holy World. The death beasts of Death Beasts Peril Land went on a crazy rampage all of a sudden and began invading the surrounding heavenly caves. The tide of death beasts tore through numerous sacred lands and creeds, catching all the forces off guard.

The Death Beasts Peril Land was one of the Origin Holy World’s dangerous places, and it was as famous as the Heavens Burial Lands. Despite the dangers of Heavens Burial Lands, there were also opportunities within. However, the Death Beasts Peril Land was different, there were only endless death beasts and dangers.

And no one could determine how big exactly was the Death Beasts Peril Land, but it was indisputably the Origin Holy World’s biggest perilous lands. No one had been able to estimate how many death beasts there were within this scope of space.

The Destiny Race’s patriarch had once reached the depths of the Death Beasts Peril Land, and he had said one sentence after coming out, “If all the death beasts within the Death Beasts Peril Land rushed out, it could destroy half of the Origin Holy World.”

Half of the Origin of the Holy World!

One could imagine the terror of Death Beasts Peril Land’s death beasts!

The Golden Fox Heavenly Cave was considered as one of the top-tier heavenly caves in the Origin Holy World, and from the perspective of the whole Origin Holy World, the Golden Fox Heavenly Cave was only a small corner.

Half of the Origin Holy World was equivalent to several thousand Golden Fox Heavenly Caves, was it? Perhaps, was it tens of thousands of Golden Fox Heavenly Caves?

After invading the neighboring heavenly caves, the death beasts continued onward to heavenly caves further away, and when the death beasts tide crossed the Heavens Burial Lands, the tide began attacking the heavenly caves closest to the Heavens Burial Lands, which included the Golden Fox Heavenly Cave.

Despite the Golden Fox Heavenly Cave’s desperate efforts to fend off the tide of death beasts, it was a futile effort. One sacred land after another and one creed after another were razed to the ground.

Lei Yu, Old Monster Flame, and others stood in a row above the Leiyu Creed Headquarters, looking solemnly at the death beasts tide approaching rapidly from the horizon. This gray-colored wave went on and one to the back and stretched for miles horizontally. This was the death beasts’ army!

Even Ming Fu, Tortoise Ancestor, and other experts felt chilling goosebumps down their necks just looking at them.

Only Lei Yu, Old Monster Flame, and those who had comprehended absolute powers looked slightly more relaxed than most.

Soon, the gray waves of death beasts army had entered a hundred million miles radius, and even so, the roars and savage growls from the death beasts army jarred the Leiyu Creed’s disciples, almost scattering their holy souls and dao souls.

The entire Leiyu Creed’s space was quaking.

These death beasts’ growls and roars were by no means disorderly, but orderly and orchestrated into damaging soundwave attacks. These soundwave attacks struck onto the Leiyu Creed’s defensive grand formation, causing it to shake violently.

“ATTACK!” Lei Yu roared, “These death beasts must not be allowed to disturb His Highness!”

Lei Yu reverted to his true body in a sway, and breathed out purple lightning from his purple-colored head. Perfection-level absolute lightning power shot out thick beams of lightning, incinerating all the death beasts in its path.

Old Monster Flame and the rest also attacked.

For a split second, heaven and earth trembled under screams of ‘KILL!’

Roughly two weeks later.

Lei Yu, Old Monster Flame, and everyone else had long lost count of how many death beasts they had killed.

Yet death beasts kept on coming as if there were no end to them.

Lei Yu let out a frustrated roar and rushed into the death beasts tide. From afar, one could see a giant ball of lightning cutting across the midst of the endless gray sea of death beasts, and from time to time, there would be a burst of radiance power and blazing flames.