Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 309: Refining the Earth Dragon Egg

Looking at the gigantic egg, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes shone brightly. Without a doubt, this was the Earth Dragon egg.

Earth Dragon egg, ah! This was an egg that contained all the true essence of a dragon!

Huang Xiaolong was excited, after refining the true dragon essence of this egg, there was a high chance he would break through to peak late-Xiantian Tenth Order! Maybe even higher...!

Saint realm!

It took some time before Huang Xiaolong calmed down, and then a tiny regret set in. If he had thought of it earlier, he wouldn’t have killed the two men so quickly, he could have asked them where they found this Earth Dragon egg. If it was inside an ancient dragon’s cave, there might be other good things lying around.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong left the area after dealing with the two bodies.

Now, he needed a safe place to refine the true essence inside this Earth Dragon egg. As for that so-called Ghost City that was about to appear, it was thrown to the back of his mind.

Every time the Ghost City appears, it would stay open for one month’s time before vanishing again, making a move after he refined the dragon essence still wouldn’t be too late. Moreover, Ghost City’s appearance always triggered fierce and tragic competition for treasures, therefore Huang Xiaolong was in no hurry to rush over.

Half an hour later, Huang Xiaolong drilled into a giant tree bark hole halfway up a mountain. The diameter of the tree needed at least ten people to fully hug it, dense foliage and thick branches that conceals well the hole in the bark. Moreover, the hole was twenty meters above ground, not so easy to see.

Huang Xiaolong looked around, the natural tree hole was spacious enough to accommodate fifteen people. There was an adult’s height between the floor and the exit, thus the people outside wouldn’t notice anyone sitting inside.

Inside the tree hole, Huang Xiaolong summoned the Godly Mt. Xumi, entered the Xumi Temple hall and brought out the Earth Dragon egg.

The shell of an Earth Dragon egg was harder than steel, to absorb its true essence through the eggshell was unbelievably difficult, not to mention extremely slow. However, this difficulty only applied to other people, not Huang Xiaolong, since he had the Thousand Beast Cauldron inside the Linglong Treasure Pagoda!

Summoning the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, Huang Xiaolong infused battle qi into the Thousand Beast Cauldron and activated the Thousand Demon Engulfing Destruction Array to suck the dragon egg inside. He then activated the Heaven and Earth Origin Reverting Array, the light around the Earth Dragon egg pulsated ever more brightly.

Ten minutes passed, the bright yellow glow of the earth element seeped out from the gap of the Thousand Beast Cauldron’s lid and tiny strands of energy streamed out. Although these strands of energy were small, the energy contained in them was shocking.

Huang Xiaolong was delighted seeing this, his palm slapped the cauldron lid and sucked in the essence of the Earth Dragon egg into his body. Quickly running the Asura Tactics to refine the abundant energy from the Earth Dragon egg.

The instant the dragon essence entered his body, Huang Xiaolong felt every part of his meridians, Qi Sea, and dantian being filled with vigorous surging energy, prompting Huang Xiaolong to increase his refining speed even more. His Qi Sea, meridians, and dantian were filled over and over again, expanding in size every time they filled.

To Huang Xiaolong, his Qi Sea, meridians, and dantian were akin to a dry desert, whereas the dragon essence was the vitality injected within. There had never been a moment where his Qi Sea, meridians, and dantian were full of spry vitality.

One hour passed, two hours passed...

The black and blue dragons hovered above Huang Xiaolong’s head, roaring with excitement. The more Huang Xiaolong refined the dragon essence, the stronger the twin dragons martial spirits became, they were even more solid and bigger.

For the black and blue twin dragon martial spirits, the dragon essence from the egg was, without a doubt, the best nourishment. As Huang Xiaolong continued to refine the dragon essence, the black and blue dragon martial spirits reaped great benefits, growing stronger and more powerful.

One day passed.

A resplendent halo shrouded Huang Xiaolong’s body, the atmosphere of dragon essence permeated the Xumi Temple hall. Even the nameless fire tree brought into the Xumi Temple by Huang Xiaolong was emitting a soft glow. If one took a closer look, they would notice that the faint dragon essence that lingered in the air was being slowly absorbed into the nameless fire tree.

This nameless fire tree was also absorbing the dragon essence!

Even so, it only absorbed the energy floating in the air, what was expelled by Huang Xiaolong, thus it didn’t affect the refinement of dragon essence inside Huang Xiaolong’s body.

When three days had passed, the nameless fire tree actually bore fruit, fiery-red fruits were hanging from the branches, glistening with a tantalizing luster.

Time flowed and very soon ten days passed.

The resplendent halo around Huang Xiaolong grew stronger, lighting the Xumi Temple in a prism of rainbow colors.

While the nameless fire tree absorbed the dragon essence, it actually grew a circle bigger, its lush foliage was like puffing fire clouds, shining a reddish gold. Huang Xiaolong sat in the center of the Ten Buddha Formation, and coincidentally, in the area shrouded by the puffs of fire clouds.

From afar, he looked like a sleeping fire dragon. Compared to ten days ago, the atmosphere around Huang Xiaolong’s body had more than doubled.

Half a month passed.

On this particular day, the dazzling lights that filled the hall vanished suddenly, the time in the spacious hall seemed to have stopped when an awe-inspiring energy of light burst forth from Huang Xiaolong’s silhouette, shaking heaven and earth.

Majestic dragon might flood into the hall, originating from Huang Xiaolong.

When Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes, the sky in the outside world above the giant tree was rapidly changing.

Half a month, it took Huang Xiaolong half a month to finish refining the energy from the dragon egg. The amount of dragon essence inside the egg was meant for the hatching of a real dragon, so in short, Huang Xiaolong refined a dragon.

Now, every inch of Huang Xiaolong’s body, Qi Sea, meridians, blood, and flesh contained the pure energy and essence of a dragon. The surging dragon might that filled the hall belonged to Huang Xiaolong himself, and not the black and blue twin dragon martial spirits.

Submerging his spiritual senses within to check his physical condition, Huang Xiaolong found out that his meridians and veins expanded five to six times and we’re much tougher as well. Moreover, each vein was like a real dragon, devouring and absorbing spiritual energy at all time. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

In the space above Huang Xiaolong’s dantian, true essence gathered like pieces of liquid crystal.

“This!” Huang Xiaolong was surprised and ecstatic. His dantian’s internal force had fully, completely, entirely, turned into true essence! This liquid crystal form of true essence seemed to hold a stronger power than he had expected. With every complete cycle, he could feel his physical strength enhancing.

Huang Xiaolong’s battle qi cultivation reached peak late-Xiantian Tenth Order. Although he was slightly disappointed that he did not advance into the Saint realm, he was contented, because stepping into Saint realm was never so easy. As heaven-defying as an Earth Dragon egg was, it was nearly impossible to enable a Xiantian to break through into the Saint realm within the span of a month.

“It’s time to make a visit to the Ghost City.” Huang Xiaolong stood up, muttering to himself. A sharp light glinted in his eyes and his momentum came rollingㅡif he come across Zhao Chen again, he was confident that he could battle on the same level without revealing the existence of the Godly Xumi Art!