Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 3090: It’s Mine

“Myriad Devil Black Prison!”

As soon as he arrived, his palm came crashing down. Like a world of its own, the power of absolute darkness covered the skies as it threatened to swallow the Purple Lightning Peak and everything around it.

It was the true advent of darkness as the world around them turned black.

Boundless despair filled the world as darkness devoured those present.

Raising his head and roaring into the skies, Lei Yu leaped into the air. The power of absolute lightning formed massive bolts in the skies that turned into stars. They formed lightning formations one after another, and they started to shatter the world of darkness.

However, darkness filled the space Lei Yu opened up, and no matter how hard he tried, it wasn’t possible to stop the Myriad Formation Devil.

As darkness descended, the thirteen experts unleashed everything they had. Streams of flames and other types of energies smashed into the power of darkness.

Eventually, they managed to stop the advance of the darkness above them.

The Myriad Formation Devil didn’t stop there. He summoned a terrifying gale that turned into blades in mid air. The blades started to fuse to form massive balls of destructive energy!

With the size of a sacred land, the balls formed from wind energy weren’t something they could withstand!

As they started to rain down on the Purple Lightning Peak, the space around it shattered as chaos streams sprayed all around.

The look on Feng Yuxuan’s face slowly turned into despair as she knew the power contained in the Myriad Formation Devil’s attack. After all, she was someone who comprehended the power of absolute wind.

Every ball of wind energy falling on them had the ability to shatter a sacred land into a billion pieces!

With so many of them, it was possible to destroy a creed in an instant!

That was the true power of the Myriad Formation Devil! That was the strength wielded by someone in the top five ranks of the Extermination List!

Feng Yuxuan felt a sense of hopelessness creeping into her heart.

She might have comprehended the power of absolute wind, but she had barely stepped through the gates of knowledge! Compared to the Myriad Formation Devil, she was like a newborn child, who couldn’t put up the slightest bit of resistance!

She finally understood what it meant to be helpless.

The only thing left to do was to pray that Lei Yu and the others were able to fend the old devil off.

As the destructive energy fell on them, seas were formed with radiance energy as it started to destroy the world of darkness above them. The power of absolute blaze also emerged from Lei Yu’s third head as it went up to welcome the power of absolute wind.

Boom!

The heavens trembled and the earth shook under the impact.

Terrifying waves of energy swept through the mountain peak, and even the regions around them were affected.

Feng Yuxuan and her maidservants retreated in a hurry, and they soon discovered that the mountain wasn’t affected by the streams of leftover energy! The mountain didn't even tremble when it was struck!

The lightning qi surrounding the mountain stopped even the most terrifying attacks.

The Myriad Formation Devil looked at the Purple Lightning Peak and yelled, “Quasi-creation artifact!”

Feng Yuxuan was shocked. The number of quasi-creation artifacts in the Origin Holy World could be counted on one hand! One of them was in the World Master’s Manor, and the other was in the hands of the Destiny Race Patriarch! The Mystical Pavilion Master had the third known quasi-creation artifact in the Origin Holy World!

Was the PurpleLightning Peak the fourth quasi-creation artifact that had appeared in the Origin Holy World?

The Myriad Formation Devil roared in joy. “The heavens didn’t forsake me! This is really a quasi-creation artifact! With this mountain peak, I’ll be able to enter any forbidden region I want to!” His attacks increased in intensity once again as though he took a shot of performance-enhancing drugs. Waves after waves of attacks slammed into the Purple Lightning Peak.

Lei Yu and the others struggled to hold on, and it didn’t take long for them to start suffering injuries.

After several dozen breaths, the only ones left were Lei Yu and the Old Monster Flame. The others were no longer able to hold out against the old devil as their injuries were getting worse.

The hope in Feng Yuxuan’s heart started to extinguish when she saw the overwhelming difference between the two sides.

Even with fourteen of them, they failed to stop the Myriad Formation Devil!

The power the old devil possessed wasn’t something she could imagine!

In fact, the old devil himself wouldn’t be a match for the fourteen of them if he fought them based on his cultivation level and his control over the elements. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The reason he was called the Myriad Formation Devil was because of his ability to lay down formations! That was also the reason he had managed to climb into the fourth rank of the Examination List!

He was able to lay down a formation with a single thought, and it greatly enhanced his control over the power of darkness, wind, and earth!

Without the Purple Lightning Peak, Lei Yu and the others would have long since been defeated! Lei Yu might have been ranked fifteenth on the Extermination List, but the difference between him and the fourth-ranked expert was like the difference between the heaven and earth!

Every single expert in the top ten ranks had the ability to shake the heavens! The difference between the eleventh placed expert and the tenth was an uncrossable gap! There was no need to mention Lei Yu and the Myriad Formation Devil.

“Senior Lei Yu, let’s run!” Feng Yuxuan yelled when she saw how they were being beaten back.

The speed of the Purple Lightning Peak was something she had experienced personally. If they moved at full speed, there was a chance of them running away!

The Myriad Formation Devil couldn't help but snort, “I’ve already laid down countless formations in the space around you. Do you really think you’ll be able to leave?”

Feng Yuxuan’s expression fell. It was no wonder no one else came to assist them even though the battle created such a huge commotion.

After several dozen breaths of time, Lei Yu and the Old Monster Flame were finally defeated. They were sent flying as they slammed into a massive cliff face.

Feng Yuxuan felt utter despair when they fell.

If Lei Yu, the fifteenth-ranked expert on the Extermination List could be eliminated, there was no one left to save them!

Roaring with laughter, the Myriad Formation Devil appeared before Huang XIaolong. The only thing left separating them was a layer of lightning qi.

His laughter became even more obnoxious when he stood before Huang Xiaolong. “Pure Soil, quasi-creation artifact, everything you have, is mine!” He reached out to grab Huang Xiaolong and his hand pierced through the veil of lightning qi before the man.

When his hand landed on Huang Xiaolong, the smile on his face froze.