Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3111: Nine Great Beast Kings

Xiao Yuncheng, Xuan Kong, Yang Yuyuan, and the other marshals quickly made their way over to the Wind Cloud Chamber of Commerce. They wanted to apologize to Huang Xiaolong, but by the time they arrived, the entire place was packed with people. Practically half the Origin Heavenly Cave showed up at the headquarters of the Wind Cloud Chamber of Commerce.

All of them had the same goal as Xiao Yuncheng, and all of them were there to show their respect to the man!

Beads of cold sweat formed on the foreheads of those from the World Master’s Manor.

They discovered that even patriarchs of the strongest creeds had arrived! The Nine Dragon Dao Venerable, Ghost Sea Dao Venerable, and the Devil Shadow Dao Venerable were part of them.

The faces of those from the Nine Dragon Creed were filled with fear, and they couldn’t sit still.

Several days after Xiao Yuncheng and the others arrived, the Purple Lightning Peak appeared. Xiao Yuncheng, Yang Yuyuan, the Nine Dragon Dao Venerable, and the others felt their hearts trembling as they rushed towards the purple mountain. They shocked themselves with the speed they displayed.

Xiao Yuncheng and the others caused Princess Feng Yuxuan to stare at them in shock.

That very night, Huang Xiaolong arranged for a banquet in the headquarters of the Wind Cloud Chamber of Commerce.

During the banquet, the various patriarchs voiced their support for Huang Xiaolong openly, and Huang Xiaolong chuckled softly under his breath. He didn’t reject their alliances, and he accepted everyone who planned to stand on his side.

As for Xiao Yuncheng and the others, they apologized to Huang Xiaolong for offending him and Jiang Meng also personally fell to his knees in apology.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t plan on bringing things too far, and he never intended to seek out Jiang Meng for revenge. As such, he quickly accepted the apology.

After the banquet ended, Xiao Yuncheng and the others bade their farewell to Huang Xiaolong before returning to the World Master’s Manor.

Along the way, Xiao Yuncheng turned to Xuan Kong and the others and asked, “Did you see that old man with the massive build behind Huang Xiaolong? Who do you think he is?”

Xuan Kong, Yang Yuyuan, and the others stared at him in shock.

They had their guesses, and all of them stared at the old man standing behind Huang Xiaolong throughout the banquet. Now that Xiao Yuncheng brought it up, they became even more curious.

The old expert stood on Huang Xiaolong’s left while San Song stood on Huang Xiaolong’s right.

Moreover, the Wind Cloud Dao Venerable and the others stood behind them, and it wasn’t hard to see the old expert’s status among Huang Xiaolong’s subordinates.

Jiang Meng spoke all of a sudden, “In the past, I met him when I came to the Wind Cloud Chamber of Commerce. Now that I think about it, his status might not be any lower than San Song!”

“I’m afraid the old expert is a monster in his own right… He might be the Line Master, or he might even be Senior Myriad Formation Devil!” Yang Yuyuan’s expression turned serious and he muttered.

When they heard his evaluation, the faces of everyone changed.

The two monsters didn’t appear in the outside world, and no one really knew what they looked like.

“Is that even possible?” Murong Xiang gasped in shock.

No one dared to say anything in response.

Even though that wasn’t really possible, the only people who could stand side by side with San Song should be the Line Master or the Myriad Formation Devil. After all, the only others whose statuses were higher than San Song were the Main Pavilion Master of the Mystical Pavilion, the World Master, and the Destiny Patriarch.

The Line Master was ranked fifth on the Extermination List, and the Myriad Formation Devil was ranked fourth!

After the banquet ended, Huang Xiaolong planned for the Myriad Formation Devil to strengthen the defensive formations around the Wind Cloud Chamber of Commerce. As for San Song and the others, they could put their strength to use by helping He Zhen.

.

Even though he heard that the Main Pavilion Master had left the Origin Holy World for some time, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t one who took chances. Especially after the incident in the past.

After the old devil strengthened the main formation around the Wind Cloud Chamber of Commerce, Huang Xiaolong entered one of the secret chambers in the depths of the manor to cultivate.

By situating himself in the heart of the Sun and Moon Grand Formation, Huang Xiaolong sat on a bed of Pure Soil as the Parasol Tree and Tree of Beginning towered beside him. He activated the Soaring Dragon Art, and a multitude of lights surrounded him.

The power of radiance, nirvana, absolute blaze, and strands of beginning qi swarmed around him.

At the same time, Huang Xiaolong retrieved a pool of genesis lightning water from the treasure of the Mystical Pavilion’s Branch.

The genesis lightning water was like a tiny brook that surrounded Huang Xiaolong and traces of lightning qi emerged from the tiny river from time to time to enter Huang Xiaolong’s body.

Lightning bolts surrounded Huang Xiaolong in an instant.

As items like the genesis lightning water and the Phoenix Fire Crystals were usually used to boost other people’s strength, they weren’t too useful if other people used them to comprehend the absolute energies. However, it was different for Huang Xiaolong as he had the Huang Long Bloodline!

Even if a genius with a supreme bloodline obtained a pool of genesis lightning water, their rate of success when it came to comprehending the power of absolute lightning was less than one in a million! Huang Xiaolong’s chances were more than a hundred times that!

As such, Huang Xiaolong hoped that the amount of genesis lightning water he had would be enough for him to reach perfection level in the power of absolute lightning!

If anyone else wanted to copy what Huang Xiaolong did, they would need several thousand more times the amount of genesis lightning water!

That was also why Huang Xiaolong’s talent was considered perverted.

In the blink of an eye, several dozen years passed.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t leave the formation, and he immersed himself in cultivation.

Before entering seclusion, Huang Xiaolong had already instructed the Myriad Formation Devil and the others to deal with everything on their own unless the Main Pavilion Master of the Mystical Pavilion came.

As such, the Myriad Formation Devil and the others didn’t disturb Huang Xiaolong even though the Wind Cloud Chamber of Commerce was embroiled in quite a lot of schemes.

All of a sudden, a piece of news broke the tranquility of Huang Xiaolong’s seclusion. The news of the Myriad Formation Devil being hiding in the Origin Holy World started to spread, and his identity as He Zhen was revealed to the world!

The news shook the entire Origin Holy World.

Everyone was shocked that the old devil would be one of Huang Xiaolong’s subordinates, but they were even more terrified as the old devil had stolen the inheritance treasure of the Death Beasts Peril Land in the past.

Countless experts swarmed towards the Origin Heavenly Cave, including the region masters of the various lands.

It didn’t take long for another piece of news to be released. Nine Beast Kings of the Death Beasts Peril Land would be working together to invade the Origin Heavenly Cave with a quadrillion death beasts. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

As soon as the news was released, the surrounding regions around the Origin Heavenly Cave trembled in their shoes. God knows how many creeds packed their things and started to relocate.

One had to know that the alliance of nine beast kings was something that could cause the Origin Holy World to shake!

According to the rumors, every single beast king had the power to rival the World Master of the Origin Holy World!

With nine of them joining hands, they were as strong as the top three experts on the Extermination List! Who in the world would be able to stop them?! Much less the quadrillion death beast army that they were leading!

With so many death beasts, they would be able to drown the Origin Heavenly Cave if they so wished to!

As the Death Beast Army had already invaded more than a third of the Origin Holy World, their numbers were more terrifying than anyone could imagine.