Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3126: Lei Qianqian

Huang Xiaolong wasn’t surprised to see the Black Shadow Devil in such a sorry state. The Black Shadow Devil’s strength might place him in the top twenty on the Extermination List, but the Myriad Formation Devil and the nine beast kings were too damn strong! If they went all out, the Black Shadow Devil would have died instantly.

Huang Xiaolong summoned the giant golden dragon and branded the Black Shadow Devil’s dao soul when he was on the brink of death.

After controlling the Black Shadow Devil, Huang Xiaolong handed him several drops of Blue Lotus Nectar. He also used his power of nirvana to heal him up. He was right as rain in no time. After all, the Black Shadow Devil wasn’t too seriously injured.

Of course, the Myriad Formation Devil and the others held back a lot. Otherwise, the Black Shadow Devil wouldn’t be able to recover so quickly even with his help.

Soon after, Huang Xiaolong refined all of the Black Shadow Devil’s memories.

From them, he learned everything about Huang Shuai.

“He’s not from the Huang Long World?!” Huang Xiaolong was shocked at his discovery.

From what the Black Shadow Devil knew, Huang Shuai wasn’t from the Huang Long World. Moreover, his relationship with the Main Pavilion Master of the Mystical Pavilion was something special. Of course, that was something the Black Shadow Devil couldn’t find out with his abilities. He didn’t know much about Huang Shuai other than some basic facts.

A frown formed on Huang Xiaolong’s face. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He thought that the Black Shadow Devil would know more than that, but it seemed as though that wasn’t the case.

All Huang Xiaolong knew was that the Main Pavilion Master of the Mystical Pavilion was the key to uncovering Huang Shuai’s identity.

Soon after, they continued on their journey with the Black Shadow Devil following behind Huang Xiaolong.

Along the way, Huang Xiaolong trained himself by sparring with the Myriad Formation Devil and the nine beast kings. He tried to comprehend the power of gold, and he digested the art of formations from He Zhen’s memories.

It also went without saying that Huang Xiaolong tried to comprehend the power of space from the Black Shadow Devil’s memories.

The power of space was basically impossible for him to comprehend without any special treasures with the spatial attribute, and Huang Xiaolong decided to give up on it. Even with the Huang Long Bloodline, some things took skills.

Nothing happened along the way, and they traveled for several months without any obstructions.

The Purple Lightning Peak eventually stopped above a frozen waterfall.

The frozen waterfall stood tall in space, and it was god knew how many miles tall! Huang Xiaolong couldn’t see the source of the waterfall, and neither could he see the end! As ice fell from above, a thunderous roar resounded through the air of countless regions!

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but gasp in shock when he looked at the frozen waterfall before his eyes.

If he wasn’t looking at it personally, he wouldn’t believe that something like a frozen waterfall would exist!

The frozen waterfall was the top ranked marvel of the Origin Holy World. Ordinarily, ice wouldn’t be able to flow like water. However, the river defied all logic. The ice flowed as smoothly as water, and no one knew where the source of the waterfall was. Similarly, there was no one who managed to measure the depths of the river.

It was because of the frozen river that the army of the Origin Lands failed to attack the Origin Holy World.

That was because they would have to cross the frozen waterfall if they wanted to proceed with their invasion.

The icy qi produced by the river was something Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables wouldn’t be able to endure.

Luckily, for the inhabitants of the Origin Holy World, the frozen waterfall was there to protect them. After all, the army of the Origin Lands was much stronger than the Death Beast Army!

“Let’s go.” After stopping to admire the sights for a moment, Huang Xiaolong ordered. He entered the waterfall with Lei Yu and the others by his side.

As soon as they entered, a horrifying amount of icy qi slammed into them.

They felt as though the weight of several mountains were pressing down on their physical bodies, and if they were ordinary Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables, their dao souls would have long frozen through.

However, the thirteen of them seemed to be completely unaffected as they continued onwards. Even if the pressure increased by a hundred times, they wouldn’t falter in the slightest.

The further they went, the stronger the icy qi became. A cloud of frosty mist emerged from their bodies.

Without slowing down, they charged straight through. After half an hour of traveling, they crossed the waterfall.

WIth their speed, they managed to complete such a feat in a mere half an hour. If any random expert on the Extermination List tried, they would need several days to do so!

As for peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerables, they would need several months if they wished to enter the Origin Lands from the Origin Holy World.

After crossing the waterfall, Huang Xiaolong and the others were greeted by a primitive forest that spanned on forever. There was also a mountain range located inside the forest, and Huang Xiaolong could feel a mysterious energy emanating from the space around him.

It was something that was created by the fusion of origin qi and several ancient types of spiritual energies. The amount of origin qi in the air was little to none.

“Your Highness, this should be the Red Rock Mountain Range! After crossing it, we would enter the territory of the Origin Races…” He Zhen mentioned.

Nodding slightly, Huang Xiaolong looked at the region before him. There was a slight tinge of red covering the lands, and the rocks strewn all about glowed a little red. All of them were genesis level treasures, but they were completely useless as they were just rocks.

Flying above the forest, Huang Xiaolong and the others noticed a ton of disciples of the Origin Lands killing ferocious beasts.

As precious spiritual herbs and medicine would grow around the forest, terrifying beasts lurked everywhere. The disciples of the Origin Races would train themselves while gathering treasures by making an expedition through the forest.

“These disciples all possess peak-level bloodlines…” Huang Xiaolong sighed in astonishment.

The beasts in the forest would normally be stronger than humans in all aspects. However, the disciples of the Origin Races could fight toe to toe with them!

Lei Yu explained, “The Origin Races are the first inhabitants of the world. Their bloodline isn’t something humans can compare to. They have tons of geniuses that can rival the strongest cultivators in the Origin Holy World.”

He Zhen continued, “There are two absolute geniuses among them, and their talents are comparable to the ten overlords of the Origin Races. One of them is called Lei Qianqian, and she’s the princess of the Lightning Phoenix Race. The other is the Young Patriarch of the Nine Eyed Black Tiger Race, Hao Zhen. The only person in the Origin World who can be compared to them is the Son of Mystic. Even the Destiny Race Prince would be lacking when compared to them.”

The nine beast kings looked at each other and sighed, “The two of them are indeed terrifying. If they are given enough time to mature, the two of them will definitely reach the level of the ten chiefs! In fact, they have the ability to rank in the top three! It’s especially so for Lei Qianqian. According to the rumors, she has already comprehended five out of the thirteen elements!”

“Moreover, her beauty surpasses even Wangu Qinger and Feng Yuxuan of the Origin Holy World. The only people in the Origin Lands with more authority than her would be the ten overlords!”