Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3143: Huang Long World’s Greatest Tree

After transforming into the dragon of creation, Huang Xiaolong immediately felt that the pressure on him had reduced significantly. Hence, he accelerated forward.

“It seems like the Son of Mystic has left the Origin Sea?” Huang Xiaolong wondered to himself as he surveyed the broken space in front of him. The world-destroying violent energy in the broken space up ahead was roaring in his ears.

Even a majestic beast king such as Di Shuang couldn’t withstand this degree of world-destroying energy. Therefore, Huang Xiaolong believed that the Son of Mystic couldn’t as well, irrespective of the many various treasures he had.

Huang Xiaolong was disappointed.

He was betting on the Son of Mystic knowing Huang Shuai’s whereabouts, as well as the identity of the Main Mystical Pavilion Master. If he couldn’t find the Son of Mystic, then there was no hope of finding Huang Shuai and retrieving the Huang Long Cape.

I can only find another way in the future, Huang Xiaolong thought inwardly.

After finding the Tree of Origin, he would continue to search for the Son of Mystic to get hold of Huang Shuai’s whereabouts. Huang Xiaolong didn’t believe he couldn’t find the Son of Mystic and Huang Shuai with an entire holy world’s effort!

Huang Xiaolong pulled himself together and focused on finding the Tree of Origin. Since he wouldn’t be able to find the Son of Mystic there, then he absolutely wouldn’t get the Tree of Origin.

Huang Xiaolong pushed his three dao souls to the limit.

But another year passed with no harvest. There wasn’t a sign of the Tree of Origin. However, along the way, Huang Xiaolong found a dozen strands of origin qi, and many other genesis level herbs. He also picked more than a few stalks of Flower of Time and Void Reincarnation Thistles.

Four years went by in the blink of an eye.

Huang Xiaolong had entered the deepest part of the Origin Sea.

All that was within his sight was rolling high waves and more rolling high waves. There was nothing else, not even a small barren island. In the four major directions was nothingness except for the waves, and there was no sky and no land. Huang Xiaolong even got a vague feeling that north, south, east and west didn't exist. There was no sunlight, no way of distinguishing direction, and there was no air!

In the entire space was the robust energy of creation.

But this energy couldn’t be absorbed as it was too violent and there didn’t seem to be any benefit in absorbing it.

Upon arriving at this place, Huang Xiaolong’s cosmos energy began to deplete rapidly. But fortunately, Huang Xiaolong had the Huang Long Bloodline, and three small worlds’ cosmos energy. Supported by these two sources, heaven and earth energy and grand dao energy poured down from the Huang Long World’s void into Huang Xiaolong’s body, filling his three small worlds.

This continuously replenished Huang Xiaolong’s three small worlds. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

At this moment, Huang Xiaolong understood why no one had ever managed to cross the Origin Sea. It was because upon reaching here, the consumption of cosmos energy was too much of a burden, and without the support of cosmos energy, no matter how one’s physical body was, it couldn’t withstand the violent energy in this place.

Another four years went by.

From the time Huang Xiaolong had entered, it was almost a decade.

Huang Xiaolong had lost track of how many millions of miles he had flown to reach there. Based on his speed, flying nonstop for ten years, he could probably cross several holy worlds, yet he still had not reached the other end of the Origin Sea.

In this place, there was not a living creature. Even heaven and earth were nonexistent, so were life and death. There was neither yin nor yang, or the concept of space. It was a tortuous feeling, an extreme loneliness, and emptiness, as if he was abandoned and forgotten by the world. These negative feelings threatened to overcome Huang Xiaolong.

The average peak late-Ninth Esteem Dao Venerable wouldn’t be able to stay there even for a second, so what would ten years and above do?

But the longer Huang Xiaolong stayed there, he discovered his three dao souls became sharper. Moreover, Huang Xiaolong’s comprehension of grand dao actually deepened. In this place, Huang Xiaolong had no sense of time and space, but the longer he stuck around, he began to understand something about time and space that he had failed to before.

Huang Xiaolong was thrilled.

In the blink of an eye, another ten years went by.

It has been almost twenty years since Huang Xiaolong entered the depths of Origin Sea, yet he had to see the edge of the sea.

“Is there really no end?” Even Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help suspecting that.

There were many myths and legends about the Origin Sea, and many said that at the end of Origin Sea was the Tree of Origin, but there were also those that believed that there was no end to the Origin Sea. Even if there was the other end, only someone who wielded thirteen elements of absolute powers could reach there.

Despite his doubts, Huang Xiaolong continued flying onwards.

At the same time, Huang Xiaolong comprehended the power of time and space.

In the last decade, his comprehension in time and space powers had increased greatly. Earlier, he was merely knocking at the door, trying to open it, and now, he could almost twist the knob open.

If this continued, he was certain that he could successfully comprehend the power of space and time within a hundred years.

Therefore, even if there was no end to the Origin Sea, and the Tree of Origin wasn’t there, he would stay there for a hundred years before leaving. A hundred years was certainly enough for him to grasp the power of time and space, and his thirteen elements of power would be complete!

Huang Xiaolong continued onwards, time was no longer on his mind.

Eleven elements of absolute powers swirled around his dragon body in everchanging manifestations of grand dao.

Not knowing how much time had passed, Huang Xiaolong, who was flying forward, suddenly felt a light blinding his sight. He was stunned and looked over at a supercontinent that was suspended!

And in the center of the supercontinent was a towering tree like Huang Xiaolong had never seen before!

This towering tree seemed to be born of every kind of energy between heaven and earth, and a prism of halos shone from the tree trunk, emitting an energy that Huang Xiaolong was extremely familiar with—origin qi!

Huang Xiaolong trembled. Is this the Tree of Origin?

It’s the Tree of Origin!

Tree of Origin!

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t contain his joy and roared with laughter, as happy as a kid.

The Tree of Origin is really at the Origin Sea!

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

I have finally found the Tree of Origin!

Huang Xiaolong accelerated and soon reached the supercontinent. Looking at the Tree of Origin that exuded halos of myriad colors, he could barely suppress the excitement filling his chest. This was the Tree of Origin, the greatest tree in the Huang Long World, and it was the source of origin!

All kinds of energy that existed in the Huang Long World originated from this Tree of Origin!

But when Huang Xiaolong approached the Tree of Origin, a feeling of extreme danger kicked in. He didn’t have time to think about anything else and retreated in haste. Almost in the same instant Huang Xiaolong moved away from the spot he was standing, a giant paw slammed down from the void. The spot where Huang Xiaolong stood shattered, and chaotic and violent energy swept out for miles and miles on the supercontinent.

Huang Xiaolong was genuinely startled, the power of this blow was definitely the strongest he had ever seen so far!

Even after exerting his full force, he could not unleash this level of attack!

Huang Xiaolong raised his head and saw that above the supercontinent, a great behemoth of a beast was descending!

This behemoth of a beast exuded an ethereal aura, making it hard for Huang Xiaolong to grasp. He was currently in his creation dragon form, and his body stretched for miles, yet the beast in front of him was bigger!

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes narrowed. This behemoth of a beast looked like it was assembled with parts of a dragon, phoenix, qilin, and elephant, and its appearance reminded Hunag Xiaolong of the origin beast he had encountered in the outer peripheral region of Origin Sea.

But ever since they had entered the depths of Origin Sea, they had not seen anymore of those origin beasts, and there was one here! It was so huge and terrifying!