Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3166: Eleven Elements Perfection

DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The light of four elements simultaneously shone from Huang Xiaolong’s body, forming an overwhelming energy vortex that caused the entire Sun Moon Furnace to shake violently. Yuan Tianyi, Cang Xun, Di Shuang, Lei Yu, and the others were sent tumbling away by the abrupt burst of energy from Huang Xiaolong’s body.

Even Yuan Tianyi stared at Huang Xiaolong in unconcealable shock.

“Four, four perfection levels!” Huang Xiaolong’s power of absolute metal, wood, wind, and earth had reached perfection level! All four elements had advanced at the same time!

Cang Xun, Di Shuang, Lei Yu, and the others were frightened and speechless.

This is literally a wonder of the world!

No, this is a universe’s miracle!

They had lived for a long time, ascended to higher realms, and gone to many big worlds, but never had they seen or heard anyone who could advance four elements of absolute powers at the same time.

Even the Sons of Creation of other worlds didn’t have this level of talent.

Other big worlds also had the treasures like Tree of Origin, and blood moon, and those big worlds’ Sons of Creation also possessed treasures of similar levels, even so, Sons of Creation with similar level treasures couldn’t cultivate four of their absolute powers to reach perfection level at the same time like Huang Xiaolong.

A wry smile crept up Yuan Tianyi’s face as he looked at Huang Xiaolong as he was enshrouded by brilliant absolute energies. Originally, he had intended to suppress Huang Xiaolong after reaching eight elements perfection by cultivating under the Tree of Origin. Now, this thought was completely extinguished.

Before Huang Xiaolong’s power of darkness had advanced to perfection level, he already had seven elements perfection. Now, with the power of metal, wood, wind, and earth reaching perfection level, there were already eleven elements of perfection!

Eleven elements’ perfection! Yuan Tianyi’s thoughts were in a mess.

Moreover, Huang Xiaolong did not merely have eleven elements’ perfection, but he also had three small worlds, and the full Creation Set artifacts!

Though it wasn’t thirteen elements perfection, it wasn’t far from it.

The bright lights enshrouding Huang Xiaolong gradually converged into his body in the span of several days. The Sun Moon Furnace stopped shaking, and Huang Xiaolong happened to glance in Yuan Tianyi’s direction. It was merely a glance, but Yuan Tianyi felt an overwhelming pressure that made him feel that he was no better than a worm crawling on the ground.

Yuan Tianyi thought he had estimated Huang Xiaolong’s strength at a higher point, yet he finally realized at this moment how big of a gap there was between him and Huang Xiaolong.

Even going all out in desperation, putting everything in his most powerful attack of the Epoch’s Collapse, he was incpabale of injuring Huang Xiaolong. Huang Xiaolong could defeat him with one hand!

Yuan Tianyi’s expression was gloomy to the extreme, and the light in his eyes dimmed as he completely let go of the thought of fighting Huang Xiaolong.

On the other hand, Huang Xiaolong didn’t know that these thoughts were going through Yuan Tianyi’s head. He was immersed in joy as he felt the vigorous energy within his body, and everything in the Huang Long World felt clearer and closer to him. Never had there been a time that he had this feeling of sovereignty, as if he could hold the entire Huang Long World in his hand by just reaching out his hand!

Seemingly, with a mere thought, he could get anything he wanted within the Huang Long World! If he just released a little bit of energy from his body, he could fill the entire Cangqiong Holy World! No, more like the entire Cangqiong Holy World would explode from his energy!

For the first time, Huang Xiaolong had the feeling that the Huang Long World had become smaller!

In the past, the Huang Long World was a vague concept in his mind. He couldn’t grasp how vast it was, but now, he could feel exactly how big Huang Long World was. He wasn’t able to ‘see’ through Huang Xiaolong, but now, everything within Huang Long World, every living creature, yin and yang, reincarnation, all these were clearly displayed in his mind with a thought.

For the first time, Huang Long World felt like a restraint to him! He wanted to break free from this restraint to a far wider sky!

Strength!

For the first time, he touched the border of God of Creation Realm!

There was an impulse to create his own heaven and earth.

“Your Highness!”

Cang Xun, Di Shuang, and the others flew towards Huang Xiaolong and saluted respectfully with cautious expressions on their faces.

“Stand up,” Huang Xiaolong said, his deep voice rolled deep through space.

Cang Xun, Di Shuang, and the others complied.

Huang Xiaolong looked at Yuan Tianyi. Yuan Tianyi hesitated but yielded in the end as he crouched before Huang Xiaolong in salute.

Half a day later, Huang Xiaolong and the others exited the Sun Moon Furnace, and saw his masters, Cangqiong Old Man, Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, Lord Long, Elder Crow, Fei Yanzi, Yin Yue, Feng Yue, and Lin Xiaoying.

Huang Xiaolong’s seclusion this time had lasted for almost ten thousand years. Before he entered seclusion, Huang Xiaolong had given Cangqiong Old Man, Heavenly Master, his other masters, and the ladies many pills and herbs. Thus when Huang Xiaolong came out, he noticed all of their cultivation had improved, especially the four ladies’.

The four ladies were naturally delighted, seeing that Huang Xiaolong had come out from his seclusion.

Huang Xiaolong asked Cangqiong Old Man, and four ladies about the latest situations, and also asked about the Huang Family.

“We’ve already exhorted the various holy lands, if your parents and the others ascend, they must report the matter immediately,” Cangqiong Old Man said, and added, “But there is no news from any of the holy lands so far.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded.

It had barely been ten thousand years since his ascension, and even if people in the lower realm could gather the nine lightning pools they wouldn't be able to cross the thirty-three gates without sufficient strength. To open the thirty-three gates and cross the lightning storm region, it would take more than a little time.

“Xiaolong, you won’t be going back into seclusion again after a few days, right?” Lin Xiaoying asked Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong was baffled, looking at Lin Xiaoying’s shining eyes. He smiled and answered, “No,” and he added through voice transmission, ‘I’ll accompany you a thousand nights before that!’

A thousand nights?

Lin Xiaoying reacted and her face flushed red as an apple, and she shot a fierce but amorous glare at Huang Xiaolong.

Noticing Lin Xiaoying was suddenly blushing, how could Fei Yanzi not know Huang Xiaolong must be secretly spewing ambiguous secrets? Despite complaining inwardly, she was also dejected. She had followed Huang Xiaolong for so many years, yet they still had not broken that thin barrier of being friends!

In the subsequent several years, Huang Xiaolong spent most of his time guiding the four ladies in their cultivation. As for his masters, Cangqiong Old Man, Heavenly Master, Tyrant Chu, and the others were left to Lei Yu, Black Shadow Devil, and others to guide.

Tyrant Chu also noticed this and chided, “This brat has forgotten his masters after seeing his women.”

Cangqiong Old Man and the others laughed good-naturedly.

When Huang Xiaolong chose to give Lin Xiaoying guidance in her cultivation, it was usually at night.

Without asking, Fei Yanzi, Yin Yue, and Feng Yue knew what was going on, and at times, the three would deliberately say they wanted to spend the night with Lin Xiaoying just to cast Huang Xiaolong aside!

Lin Xiaoying laughed inwardly watching Huang Xiaolong’s depressed face.

A few years later, Huang Xiaolong once again entered seclusion with Yuan Tianyi, Lei Yu, and the others.

Huang Xiaolong planned to be in seclusion for an even longer period this time, until both his power of time and space reaches perfection level!

With his three small worlds, once his power of time and space reached perfection level, then he would be truly invincible below the God of Creation Realm!

In the absence of a God of Creation expert, he would be the sole monarch. He won’t even need to fear the Huang Family Huang Rong belonged to.