Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3178: Heading to the Blazing Dragon Celestial Capital

In the subsequent days, Huang Xiaolong continued to stay inside the residence, comprehending the power of time and space. At the same time, he also continued delving into formation with the Myriad Formation Devil He Zhen.

In these years, while Huang Xiaolong continued to improve his strength, his proficiency in formation had also improved, though not as fast as his cultivation. Even so, his formation skills had almost caught up to He Zhen, and it was only a matter of time before he surpassed He Zhen.

After Huang Xiaohai taught those spies a lesson, calmness returned to the Huang Family, and those arrogant spies were not so unscrupulous anymore.

A month soon passed.

On this day, Huang Xiaolong and He Zhen were studying formations when Li Shuo came in to report that Huang Peng, Su Yan, Huang Min, Huang Xiaohai, Shi Xiaofei, and the others were attacked by a group of half-True Saints when they went outside.

Although none of them was injured, Huang Xiaolong’s face did not look very good as anger and killing intent boiled in his heart.

Everyone has a reverse scale, and the Huang Family and the ladies were Huang Xiaolong’s reverse scale!

Even though those spies loitered around the residence and followed them whenever they went out, they did not attack, so Huang Xiaolong let them be. But now, they dared to attack, this was a different matter altogether!

“Have you found out who did it?” Huang Xiaolong asked Li Shuo.

“The Chu Family!” Li Shuo answered respectfully.

“Chu Family!” Just as Huang Xiaolong was about to take action across the void, Li Shuo quickly said, “Your Highness, the Third Young Master has already rushed to the Chu Family in anger!”

Huang Xiaolong was stunned, and then he chuckled. This brat! His reckless temper will never change.

Then let the third brother deal with the Chu Family.

With a fierce soul and universe behemoth rivaling experts in the top fifty of the Extermination List, his younger brother wouldn’t come to much harm, and Huang Xioalong wasn’t worried either.

As for the Fire Cloud Creed backing the Chu Family, if the creed was also involved in this, then he would deal with the creed once and for all. This place wasn’t within the True Dragon Celestial Empire, hence Huang Xiaolong didn’t need to have so many scruples in his actions.

A hundred years passed in the blink of an eye.

On this day, Huang Xiaolong, who was sitting cross-legged inside the Sun Moon Furnace, absorbing origin qi, suddenly became blurry, and finally, there was only his shadow left! That’s right, only Huang Xiaolong’s shadow remained, but Huang Xiaolong’s body could not be seen.

As time passed, even Huang Xiaolong’s shadow turned blurry as if it had seeped into the surrounding space, gradually merging with space, and it completely vanished.

At this time, if there was an expert who wielded the power of space at the Fire Cloud Creed, he would notice that there was a shadow that was continuously teleporting in the air shifting between sacred lands.

At one second, the shadow was above one sacred land, in the next second, the shadow appeared above another sacred land. On top of that, the shadow was moving at a faster speed that one couldn’t distinguish if the shadow was real or merely an illusion.

In a few minutes, Huang Xiaolong had gone through every sacred land within the Fire Cloud Creed!

There were tens of thousands of sacred lands under the Fire Cloud Creed, and going through every sacred land in mere minutes was simply unbelievable.

Then, Huang Xiaolong’s shadow within the Sun Moon Furnace reappeared clearly, and finally, Huang Xiaolong himself in the flesh, synchronizing with his shadow.

“Finally, the power of time has reached the peak major completion stage.” Huang Xiaolong exhaled in relief.

The Purple Lightning Peak’s speed had been raised to another level after he had reforged it. Now, even without the Huang Long Cape, his own speed had surpassed the Purple Lightning Peak.

Now, his power of space was only one step away from attaining perfection level. Though attaining perfection level was harder than one could imagine, Huang Xiaolong could see the light at the end of the tunnel

Unfortunately, there was no improvement in his power of time.

Huang Xiaolong stood up, and now that his power of time had reached the peak major completion stage, it was time for him to make a move.

It was time to go to the Blazing Dragon Celestial Empire’s capital!

It was the most prosperous place in the whole Blazing Dragon World!

It was also the gathering place of experts as many as the clouds!

It was also the place that produced many of Blazing Dragon World’s treasures.

Although the Flower of Time and Void Reincarnation Thistle were rare, even in the Blazing Dragon World, if one was lucky enough, one could encounter an auction or even trade them.

The Blazing Dragon World had many experts traversing the universe, and finding the Flower of Time and Void Reincarnation Thistle was nothing strange. If they did not need it, the items could be taken to the Blazing Dragon Celestial Empire for auction, or to be traded.

More importantly, as the number one capital of Blazing Dragon World, it would be easier for him to inquire about his father Huang Long.

When the others heard that Huang Xiaolong was going to the Blazing Dragon Celestial Empire, all of them were surprised.

“Big Brother, I want to go with you!” Huang Xiaohai quickly followed up.

Huang Peng, Su Yan, Huang Min, Shi Xiaofei, and the others looked expectantly at Huang Xiaolong.

“Not this time!” Huang Xiaolong refused. It was inconvenient to bring his family to the Blazing Dragon Celestial Capital with him.

Huang Xiaohai and everyone were disappointed, especially the ladies. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Huang Xiaolong said to his family and the ladies, “It’s not like I won’t come back after going to the celestial capital. Moreover, the celestial capital is not that far away. Don’t worry. After I find my father, I will return immediately!”

Everyone nodded in understanding.

In the next few days, Huang Xiaolong spent the day with his family, strolling around the Gathering Stars City and the neighboring cities, while the nights were reserved for the ladies.

In the last one hundred years, the Huang Family had resolved the Chu Family, and the entire Lingchen Sacred Land was under the Huang Family’s control.

After dealing with the Chu Family, the Fire Cloud Creed’s hall master had wanted to help his disciple avenge his family, but he too was taken care of by the Huang Family. The Fire Cloud Creed Patriarch had personally come to apologize to the Huang Family, and Huang Xiaolong did not make things difficult for him. He merely confiscated half of the Fire Cloud Creed’ treasury.

Since then, the Huang Family and Fire Cloud Creed had been coexisting peacefully.

Huang Xiaolong did not want his family to stand out too much and let Huang Rong hear winds of his family’s whereabouts in the Fire Cloud Creed because it would be troublesome.

After staying a few days with his family, Huang Xiaolong set off to the Blazing Dragon Celestial Empire. He only brought a few people with him, including Yuan Tianyi, Myriad Formation Devil He Zhen, Li Shuo, and one hundred fierce souls.

The ten overlords, the ten beast kings, Lei Yu, Black Shadow Devil, and the remaining fierce souls and universe behemoths remained at the Gathering Stars City to protect the Huang Manor. With Cang Xun, Di Shuang, and the others, there was nothing to be afraid of even if the Heavenly Sword Army came attacking.

The Huang Family, the ladies, Old Man Grandmist, Bei Lengyang, and the others watched the small group disappear in the horizon.

Huang Xiaolong brought along the Myriad Formation Devil He Zhen because he wanted to continue improving his mastery of formation, whereas having Li Shuo who wielded the power of time and space made things convenient.