Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3189: They’re Poorer Than a Slave!

Several experts in the crowd started heckling and asked for Huang Xiaolong to be thrown out of the venue.

All of them were from the various races that held grudges with Huang Xiaolong, and now that they found a chance to mess with him, they weren’t going to let it go.

Even though the number of people who wanted to throw Huang Xiaolong out weren’t many, they were from superpowers like the Lightning Yang Race and the Nether Spirit Palace! The auctioneer turned to look at Huang Xiaolong with a trace of doubt flashing through his eyes.

No one in their right mind would mess around in an auction carried out by the Radiance of Spring Chamber of Commerce, there were always exceptions when it came to the matter. The auctioneer was afraid Huang Xiaolong was one of them.

When those present turned to look at Huang Xiaolong, He Zhen threw out a spatial ring. As the restrictions on it shattered, everyone saw mountains of dao coins filling up the entire space contained within.

The grand dao qi they emitted filled the space instantly and everyone felt a crushing pressure falling from the skies.

No one knew if He Zhen intentionally directed the energy towards the members of the Nether Spirit Palace and the Lightning Yang Race, but everyone from the two factions were almost knocked off their feet from the sudden change.

“Here’s sixty trillion and some change for you if you would like to count it.” He Zhen sneered.

Those who were shouting for Huang Xiaolong to be kicked out of the auction shut their mouths instantly. They stared at He Zhen in shock when they realized that he could bring out more than sixty trillion without batting an eyelid!

That was more than sixty trillion dao coins they were talking about!

A mere slave around the young man who dared to mess with them had the ability to throw out over sixty trillion dao coins!

The faces of You Wuyi and Lei Qinghai sank in that instant. As the young masters of their factions, they couldn’t even take out that amount if they sold everything they had! One could only imagine the shame they felt when He Zhen, a mere subordinate of the man they were planning to kill, took out that amount of dao coins! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

They were actually poorer than a mere slave!

Even the auctioneer, and the princes of the celestial empire, couldn’t help but stare at Huang Xiaolong in amazement. None of them could comprehend what was happening.

If Huang Xiaolong personally brought out sixty trillion, they might not have been shocked at all. After all, someone who dared to offend the Nether Spirit Palace was someone they couldn't look down on. However, He Zhen was the one who brought out the money! A lowly subordinate was carrying more money than any one of them ever had!

A flash of greed entered the eyes of the Mysterious Pool Black Devil and the Golden Bamboo Old Ancestor.

“Can we carry on with the auction now?” Huang Xiaolong muttered. His voice might be soft, but the auctioneer hastily replied, “Yes, yes, yes, we shall continue right now!” He was flustered beyond belief.

When the bids resumed, everyone finally turned away from Huang Xiaolong.

“The Purple Lightning Young Master bids fifteen trillion and one hundred billion. Does anyone else wish to compete against him?” Huang Xiaolong’s identity as the Purple Lightning Young Master was once again emphasised by the auctioneer.

You Wuyi’s expression sank and he growled in response, “Sixteen trillion two hundred billion!”

“Seventeen trillion.” A hoarse voice rang through the air. When everyone looked at the source of the voice, they were shocked to discover a skinny old expert surrounded by an eerie dark green mist. The person who made the bid was the Mysterious Pool Black Devil.

When several experts who were planning to fight for the batch of herbs saw his appearance, they couldn’t help but hesitate.

The Mysterious Pool Black Devil might not be as strong as the Palace Master of the Nether Spirit Palace, and the patriarch of the Lightning Yang Race, but he was still a super expert in the Blazing Dragon World. He was an existence who barely lost to them, and even You Wuyi had to respectfully address the Mysterious Pool Black Devil as his senior if they ran into each other.

As no one continued to raise the bid, a sinister chuckle left the lips of the Mysterious Pool Black Devil. His laughter was extremely hard on the ears and everyone felt the hair on their bodies standing on end.

“Eighteen trillion.” Of course, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t pay attention to some small fry at that level. Even if the Mysterious Pool Black Devil wanted to cause trouble for him after the auction, he could deal with the threat with his eyes closed.

Everyone turned to look at Huang Xiaolong once again.

“Brat, your soul seems to be of a passable quality…” The Mysterious Pool Black Devil revealed a weird smile and everyone saw that his teeth were a dirty yellow. An urge to vomit filled the hearts of those who saw his teeth. After all, rumors had it that the Mysterious Pool Black Devil would eat his victims alive. The blood of his victims staining his teeth were the reason behind the disgusting scene.

However, Huang Xiaolong didn’t even bother looking at the man.

Seeing how nonchalant Huang Xiaolong was, the Mysterious Pool Black Devil couldn’t help but feel a wave of anger rushing into his head.

“Eighteen trillion and one hundred billion!” Lei Qinghai finally continued.

“Twenty trillion.” A majestic voice rang through the air all of a sudden and it sounded like the roar of a godly dragon.

The entire plaza turned silent as they turned to look at the source of the voice.

As it turned out the person who yelled was Di Xiaolong, otherwise known as Third Heaven!

In the Blazing Dragon Celestial Empire, the people who held the most power aside from the celestial emperor himself were the three eldest princes!

Hearing Third Heaven speak, even the Mysterious Pool Black Devil revealed a frown on his face.

Third Heaven continued, “I, Di Xiaolong, wish to obtain this batch of herbs. I hope all of you present will be able to do me a favor and stop bidding for it! I will hold a banquet tonight to thank all of you for it!”

“Your Highness is too kind!” The Golden Bamboo Old Ancestor cupped his fists and bowed. “Since Your Highness wishes to obtain the Flower of Time and Void Reincarnation Thistle, we will definitely do you such a favour.”

A trace of joy flashed through Third Heaven’s heart and he chuckled happily, “I’m glad to hear that. Many thanks to all of you.”

Since the Golden Bamboo Old Ancestor has spoken, no one else would dare to fight him for it!

In the Blazing Dragon World, there was no one daring enough to go against one of the highest authorities!

“Twenty one trillion.” When Di Xiaolong was still chuckling in his heart, Huang Xiaolong’s voice rang through the air.

Everyone present felt their jaws dropping as they turned to look at Huang Xiaolong.

The originally happy Di Xiaolong felt his heart sinking as his gaze turned cold.

Caretaker Pang, who was standing behind Di Xiaolong as always, snorted in anger, “Preposterous! What an idiot!”

The entire plaza was no longer able to contain their shock as discussions broke out everywhere.

“I’ve heard that His Highness, Third Heaven, wanted to give the Purple Lightning Young Master a chance to submit to him in the future.”

“Now, even if the Purple Lightning Young Master kneels before His Highness, he wouldn’t be able to gain the chance!”

“Working under the third prince is something every expert dreams of! He has to be stupid if he chooses to go against His Highness!”

Their ‘considerations’ naturally made their way into Huang Xiaolong’s ears.

However, he remained expressionless as none of it mattered.

Things were different for Yuan Tianyi and the other two though. Sneers formed on their faces.

Gu Chunguang, who was hidden in the void, stared at Huang Xiaolong with a trace of amusement flashed in his eyes.

“Twenty-two trillion.” Di Xiaolong’s voice rang through the air again. He glared at Huang Xiaolong when he spoke, and he really wanted to see if Huang Xiaolong would choose to go against him.

“Twenty-three.” Huang Xiaolong wasn’t anxious at all and he seemed to be completely fine with throwing twenty-three trillion at the Radiance of Spring Chamber of Commerce.

“Twenty-four trillion!” Di Xiaolong felt a trace of anger welling up in his heart and he growled.

“Twenty-five.”

Di Xiaolong’s expression turned extremely ugly. Twenty-five trillion had long since passed his acceptable range. Initially, he planned to buy the herbs with twenty-one trillion. Spending four trillion more was a stupid move!

The only reason he was so desperate to take part in the auction was because he had a dire need for the herbs!

“Your Highness, do you want me to…” Caretaker Pang whispered.

Hesitating for a short while, Di Xiaolong’s eventually shook his head. “Twenty-seven trillion!”

Bringing up the price by two trillion at once, he wanted to scare Huang Xiaolong off. After all, he was at his limit.

“Thirty trillion.” Huang Xiaolong’s sigh rang through the plaza.

As killing intent burst out from Di Xiaolong’s eyes, he failed to restrain his aura and the entire city was once again affected.