Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 3194: I Can Protect Myself

The two of them were flung out of the sacred land as they continued to do battle elsewhere.

From what everyone could see, Yuan Tianyi was sent flying a little further, and he seemed to be a little weaker than the Extreme East Old Man. Despite that, they were shocked that anyone could even stand up to the old man’s strength.

The Extreme East Old Man used his full power in the previous strike. He used the power of all thirteen elements, but he was still stopped by Yuan Tianyi!

Even though the Extreme East Old Man was born during the formation of the universe and could draw on the power of the universe’s origin, Yuan Tianyi received the nourishment of the Tree of Origin! His physique wasn’t any weaker than the Extreme East Old Man, and it might even be stronger by a little bit!

As for Yuan Tianyi’s bloodline, it was leagues ahead of the Extreme East Old Man!

After transforming back into his true form, Yuan Tianyi’s aura reached a whole new level. When Di Xiaolong thought about the time when he didn’t feel like angering the Nether Spirit Palace and refused to take Huang Xiaolong in as his subordinate.

“This… What type of universe beast is he?!” Several world masters asked when they stared at Yuan Tianyi.

No one was able to reply, as no one had ever seen anything like it!

Even Zeng Ying, Gu Chunguang, and Di Yu had no idea!

Boom! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In the heavens above, massive explosions rang out unceasingly as the two monsters clashed with each other.

The more they fought, the further they got. They disappeared from everyone’s sights, and the two of them eventually left the region.

Everyone finally snapped back to attention as they suppressed the shock in their hearts. They turned to look at Huang Xiaolong, and the unmistakable expression of jealousy, envy, and hatred flashed through the eyes of many.

If Yuan Tianyi was still present, they might control themselves. However, now that he was gone, it seemed as though there was no one else left to protect the kid!

Of course, there were still a hundred fierce souls around Huang Xiaolong they had to deal with if they wanted to make a move on him.

All one hundred of them were a force to be reckoned with, and even though everyone was thinking about it, no one dared to make the first move.

The world seemed to fall silent, and Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but chuckle in amusement.

Finally, Lei Qinghai made the first move. “Purple Lightning Young Master, you impersonated me in the past but I don’t wish to blow this up. As long as you hand over the dao coins you have, I’ll let you leave.”

He knew that everyone pined for the herbs and dragon corpse in Huang Xiaolong’s possession, and he wisely chose to grab the dao coins the man had on him.

“You want my dao coins?” Huang Xiaolong revealed a smile as he looked at Lei Qinghai.

Even though he bought the herbs and the corpse of the dragon, he probably had more than nine hundred trillion dao coins on him.

“That’s right!” He swept his gaze across the spirits and the two other experts standing beside Huang Xiaolong and continued, “They might be strong, but killing you won’t be a tall task. You better think about your answer.”

You Wuyi stood out all of a sudden and sneered, “You killed several disciples of my Nether Spirit Palace. Now, your subordinates even killed my attendant. How do you plan to compensate me?”

Huang Xiaolong shook his head and he tried his best to control his laughter. “Lightning Yang Race? Nether Spirit Palace?

“Laughable! How laughable!”

He was finally unable to control himself and he laughed uncontrollably.

The look of mockery in his eyes caused the expressions on the faces of Lei Qinghai and You Wuyi to sink.

“Laughable?! Are you mocking the Lightning Yang Race and the Nether Spirit Palace?!” Lei Qinghai roared in anger. KIlling intent filled his eyes and he snapped, “Let me show you who’s the joke here!”

After he spoke, he released his aura completely.

“Eight… Eight elements with seven at perfection level!” Someone screamed.

Everyone was shocked. Without a doubt, Lei Qinghai was even stronger than You Wuyi!

Even though it was only a single element more than the prince of the Nether Spirit Palace, it was an element at the major completion stage!

With pillars of light charging into the skies, Lei Qinghai roared, “Die!”

He appeared before Huang Xiaolong after taking a single step and he sent a punch towards his chest.

As for You Wuyi, he had long since hated Huang Xiaolong’s group. Especially after Yuan Tianyi injured him previously. When Lei Qinghai struck, he also appeared before Huang Xiaolong to send out a palm clad in black.

The two of them had the power to crush the heavens when they joined hands, and even Di Xiaolong’s expression turned sombre.

“Your Highness, should we…” Caretaker Pang whispered. “We cannot allow the two of them to snatch away the treasures!”

If the two of them grabbed the treasures, there would no longer be a reason for Di Xiaolong to make a move! If he attacked them after they succeeded, he would offend both the Lightning Yang Race and the Nether Spirit Palace!

If they moved now, things might be different!

Di Xiaolong nodded his head. But right before he could make his move, Huang Xiaolong returned their attacks with a slap of his own.

When they saw that Huang Xiaolong was treating them so nonchalantly, they couldn't help but roar in anger as they prepared themselves to end the battle once and for all.

After all, he was taking them both on at the same time, and he even dared to do it so casually!

When the Sixth Princess of the Extreme Heaven Celestial Empire saw what Huang Xiaolong was doing, she couldn’t help but shake her head in disappointment.

Even Gu Chunguang and Di Yu frowned.

“This brat is underestimating his enemy!” Gu Chunguang snapped.

“Let’s save him before we…” Before Di Yu could complete his sentence, his expression froze. A terrifying burst of light emerged from Huang Xiaolong’s palm, and it seemed to possess a strange beauty that captivated everyone who saw it.

Lei Qinghai and You Wuyi felt their hearts shaking, but it was too late to turn back now. A frightening power came crashing towards them.

Boom!

Drawing two beautiful arcs through the skies, they were sent flying.

They were blown out of the sacred land as the armor around their bodies shattered into nothingness. Scary tears could be seen around their bodies, and it seemed as though their fleshy bodies would crumble at the slightest touch.

“Nine… Nine… Nine elements at perfection level!” Zeng Shifeng, the second strongest expert from the Purple Vision Holy World, screamed.

Even the world master of the Purple Vision World was only an expert who comprehended six elements with five of them at perfection level!

“...”

Gu Chunguang turned to Di Yu and chuckled lightly, “Seems like our old eyes can’t keep up with the current times…”

Di Yu laughed softly, “Looks like we overreacted.” The two of them were ready to save Huang Xiaolong previously and they were about to make their move.

Nodding slightly Gu Chunguang continued, “Even if the little one, Di Xiaolong, moves against him later, he will definitely be able to protect himself.”

As the third prince of the Blazing Dragon Celestial Empire, Di Xiaolong was extremely talented! His strength wasn’t any weaker than the Extreme East Old Man, and he comprehended twelve elements with ten of them at perfection level!