Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3198: 12 Elements!

First, Huang Xiaolong wanted to refine all eighty stalks of the Void Reincarnation Thistle!

Now that his power of space was at the peak of the major completion stage, it was extremely likely that he could push it to the perfection level with the help of the herbs. As soon as that happened, his strength would experience a huge leap forward!

Sitting under the Tree of Origin, he swallowed a stalk of Void Reincarnation Thistle and started to comprehend the power contained within.

As strands of qi started to emerge from the Tree of Origin, they surrounded Huang Xiaolong’s party of four.

The power of radiance emerged from the bed of Pure Soil beneath them as crimson light emerged from the Blood Moon.

The Tree of Beginning didn’t remain idle, and neither did the Parasol Tree.

With the Huang Long Bloodline, Huang Xiaolong could be said to possess the strongest bloodline in the entire universe! Refining the Void Reincarnation Thistle and comprehending the power of space was much easier for him compared to geniuses with other bloodlines, and with the assistance of so many peak-level treasures, the effects of the herb would only increase.

Just as Huang Xiaolong started to refine the herb, the events of the auction started to spread through the Blazing Dragon World. The reputation of the Purple Lightning Young Master shook the world to its core.

“One hundred and forty trillion to purchase the corpse of the Universe Tyrant Dragon?!”

“Eleven elements at the perfection level?! He managed to defeat the alliance of Di Xiaolong, the Mysterious Pool Black Devil, and the Golden Bamboo Old Ancestor?!”

“His subordinate comprehended all thirteen elements with eight of them at the perfection level! He even has another subordinate who surpassed the level of a Formation God!”

No matter which piece of news it was, it shocked every single power present in the Blazing Dragon World.

While the various powers were in an uproar, You Wuyi was kneeling in the main hall of the Nether Spirit Palace.

The Palace Master who was fully clad in black and only had red dots for eyes glared at him in anger. “You useless thing! Not only did you fail to obtain the Flower of Time and Void Reincarnation Thistle, you even humiliated yourself in front of everyone! You’re a disgrace to my Nether Spirit Palace!”

As the palace master had already reached the perfection level in eleven elements, the Void Reincarnation Thistle was extremely important to him!

With beads of cold sweat dripping down his forehead, You Wuyi stammered, “Father, I didn’t know that he had reached the perfection level in eleven elements! Even Third Heaven wasn’t his match after working with the Mysterious Pool Black Devil and the Golden Bamboo Old Ancestor! Not to mention the fact that he had an endless supply of dao coins on him!”

You Ming, the Palace Master of the Nether Spirit Palace, sighed, and his expression started to let up. “Eleven elements at the perfection level?! Whatever the case, I’ll be able to reach the perfection level in the power of space in the next million years. When that happens, I’ll turn the so-called Purple Lightning Young Master into a dead man!”

You Wuyi rejoiced when he heard what his father said. “Father will be unbeatable when the time comes! When the brat meets you in the future, he will definitely wet his pants while begging you for forgiveness!”

You Ming nodded in satisfaction. “You can leave. Comprehending the power of space to the perfection level is the most important thing I have to do. Don’t bother whatever his name is for now. When I emerge from seclusion, I’ll deal with him personally!”

“Yes, Lord Father!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Nether Spirit Palace remained quiet after the incident, and so did the Lightning Yang Race.

Since the revelation of Huang Xiaolong’s strength, the entire Blazing Dragon World couldn’t sit still. Every single power that had their eyes on his treasures were forced into a deadlock immediately. As such, no one bothered Huang Xiaiolong and his gang when they entered seclusion.

In the blink of an eye, three hundred thousand years passed.

In the three hundred thousand years, Huang Xiaolong not only managed to refine all eighty stalks of the Void Reincarnation Thistle. He even managed to refine all sixty eight Flowers of TIme!

Sitting on the head of the Universe Tyrant Dragon, Huang Xiaolong pushed his Huang Long bloodline to the limit as several drops of essence blood started to emerge from the body of the massive dragon under him. After they appeared, some of the blood seeped through Huang Xiaolong’s skin to enter his body.

The Universe Tyrant Dragon might have been dead for an extremely long time now, but its essence blood was preserved perfectly. At least eighty percent of it remained.

From the size of the dragon, eighty percent of its essence blood was an absolutely shocking amount. Not to mention the power it contained as the dragon had comprehended twelve elements to the perfection level…

Very quickly, the droplets formed a massive golden sea in the skies above him. They were like golden crystals, and one couldn’t even see the end of the giant ocean.

The blood essence contained the dragon’s comprehension of all twelve elements, and they also contained the energy from the source of the universe. Of course, as the king of all dragons, the essence blood of the Universe Tyrant Dragon contained an endless amount of dragon’s might!

With Huang Xiaolong’s Huang Long Bloodline, the blood essence of the Universe Tyrant Dragon couldn’t be more useful to him. Even though a drop of blood from the ocean might not be as effective as a Void Reincarnation Thistle, there were billions of drops! If Huang Xiaolong managed to refine the entire golden ocean formed by the blood essence of the Universe Tyrant Dragon, the effects would far surpass the herbs he refined previously!

As Huang Xiaolong continuously refined the corpse of the dragon, it withered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The phantom of the God of Creation, Huang Long, appeared behind Huang Xiaolong as rays of golden light filled the skies around him.

With the refinement of the blood essence, Huang Xiaolong’s dao souls experienced a heaven shaking change.

His senses started to expand, and eventually, it managed to envelop the entire Blazing Dragon World.

It didn’t stop there, and his senses continued to expand outwards.

Another hundred thousand years passed, and the corpse of the Universe Tyrant Dragon had completely dried up. It turned into a streak of golden light before disappearing completely, and the aura Huang Xiaolong emitted started to shrink. When it was finally contained by him, everything returned to normal.

Opening his eyes slowly, Huang Xiaolong knew that the Sun Moon Furnace was still the old Sun Moon Furnace he knew. The Tree of Origin hasn’t changed since its birth, and it wouldn’t change now. Everything around him remained the same, but Huang Xiaolong was no longer the same old person he once was. His vision could tear through any amount of space, and nothing seemed to be able to evade his sight.

Ordinary experts would only manage to observe the happenings in the region around them with the assistance of their heavenly eye. However, Huang Xiaolong could see even further, with his eyes alone!

The space around him could shrink to fit his will, and with a single step, Huang Xiaolong could cross several sacred lands.

Now that he emerged from seclusion, Huang Xiaolong had reached the perfection level in the power of space!

Twelve elements at the perfection level!

Of course, with four hundred thousand years of cultivation, the power of space wasn’t the only thing he progressed in. His fleshy body, dao souls, and even the three small worlds inside him had been through thorough tempering by the blood essence of the Universe Tyrant Dragon! They reached a whole new level of strength!

Huang Xiaolong realized that the road to being a God of Creation was no longer as elusive as it seemed, and if he were to make a comparison, he would be separated from the God of Creation Realm by an entire creed before he entered seclusion. Now, it seemed as though there was only a tiny sacred land standing between him and the God of Creation Realm.

The only thing that Huang Xiaolong could complain about was the power of time. Even though it progressed a little, it still remained quite a fair distance off the peak of the major completion stage.

A perfectly timed announcement arrived as soon as Huang Xiaolong was done reviewing his gains. A yell came from outside the manor as the voice rang loud and clear through the ears of everyone present. “I am the subordinate of the Sixth Princess of the Extreme Heaven Celestial Empire! The Princess has invited the Purple Lightning Young Master over to the celestial empire for a discussion!”