Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3226: Looking For The Land of Origin

By the time the two of them arrived, countless experts lined the space outside the Soul Burying Silver River.

As the opening of the river was something that affected the entire universe, the experts and old monsters of the various celestial empires had been waiting the whole time!

It might be dangerous to venture into the World of Departed Souls, but no one wanted to miss the chance!

The arrival of the old dragon shocked everyone present. They quickly formed a path for Huang Xiaolong as they got to their knees to greet the old dragon.

Among those present was Huang Shengdao and Fu Luosen who hesitated for a second before bringing their subordinates over to greet the old dragon.

When everyone was on their knees, Huang Xiaolong quickly noticed the two of them and a sneer formed on his lips. Sweeping his gaze around, he also noticed Zeng Ying, You Ming, the Extreme East Old Man, and several other people.

“Dispense with the formalities.” The old dragon spoke, and everyone eventually got to their feet.

When they all left, the old dragon remained beside Huang Xiaolong as they waited for the opening of the World of Departed Souls.

The Soul Burying Silver River stood in the vast space of the universe, and one wouldn’t be able to see its source or its end. No one knew how wide it was, and a silver colored liquid rolled about on the surface of the river. The riverbed contained a precious spiritual object called the Silver Sand and one could use it to refine creation artifacts, or they could be used to refine creation level pills. One could even use it to construct their immortal mansion!

It was precisely because of the silver sand that experts would swarm over to the Soul Burying Silver River to dig out handfuls of the item even when the World of Departed Souls wasn’t open!

Other than the Silver Sand, there were countless precious treasures contained in the river.

However, the difficulty of entering the Soul Burying Silver River to dig for sand was astounding. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In order to dig out some sand, one has to reach the bottom of the river. However, the river itself was filled with countless Silver River Beasts.

The Silver River Beasts were one of the great huge beasts in the universe. They had naturally hard skin, and their defenses were shockingly powerful! Even experts at the world master level might not be able to break through their skin to harm them!

There were even several beasts that had reached the peak of the grand perfection level. Even if people like Fu Luosen ran into them, they could only dream of running away.

Whenever the peaceful World of Departed Souls was about to open, many experts would swarm into the river in order to dig for some sand or obtain several treasures. However, miserable shrieks could be heard from time to time as golden blood dyed the river a weird color. After some time, the river would regain its normal calm.

Several days later…

A pillar of light emerged from the center of the river as waves countless miles high rose on the surface.

Everyone turned to stare at the phenomenon with a serious expression as that would be the sign of the appearance of the World of Departed Spirits.

Huang Xiaolong felt his senses being pulled taut.

“There’s no need to hurry.” The old dragon chuckled. “It will probably take another hour before it fully emerges.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded his head before heaving a sigh to calm himself down.

As the waves became stronger and stronger, they turned into a silver wall measuring several tens of millions feet tall!

What shocked everyone was the fact that the water turned into a smooth surface as the figures of several terrifying Silver River Beasts appeared within.

Retreating in shock, the weaker experts present gasped in shock.

After one entire hour, the screen of water finally fell. Next, a massive world was revealed to everyone present.

The world was fused with the Soul Burying Silver River, and no one knew how wide it was!

“World of Departed Souls!” Someone screamed.

That was the World of Departed Souls that appeared every one hundred million years.

Along with his yell, the restrictions around the surface of the world disappeared.

As soon as it did, experts from all over swarmed into the World of Departed Souls, afraid they would be a little late to the party.

“Go on.” The old dragon urged. “Remember to keep track of time.”

The World of Departed Souls would only remain open for several dozen years. When that happened, the restrictions would slowly recover. When it did, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t be able to get out until it opened again.

“I will.” Huang Xiaolong nodded before entering the World of Departed Souls.

As he charged into the atmosphere of the World of Departed Souls, he felt a shockingly powerful suction force pulling him in. The space and time around him started to destroy and he appeared above a mountain range.

Everyone who entered the World of Departed Souls would be teleported to somewhere random.

Everything would be left up to chance.

Like the Soul Burying Silver River, the World of Departed Souls was full of Silver River Beasts. There were several regions where they had taken control over, and anyone lucky enough to be sent into their territory would definitely end up as beast food.

Huang Xiaolong was pretty lucky as the mountain range he was above wasn’t on the boundaries of the World of Departed Souls. Neither were there tons of Silver River Beasts roaming about.

After taking in his surroundings, Huang Xiaolong shot off into the skies.

The main goal this time was to refine the world itself, and to obtain the Soul Burying Orb. Everything else was secondary, and in order to refine the world, he would have to look for the Land of Origin in the World of Departed Souls.

Every single world had its own Land of Origin, and refining the World of Departed Souls would be much easier once he arrived there! With the help of the four Origin Divine Fires, Huang XIaolong was confident that he could refine the world origin before the restrictions were restored!

Once he did, every single treasure there would belong to him!

Moreover, he would be able to feel everything that happened in the World of Departed Souls once he was done with the refinement. Fu Luosen, Huang Shengdao, the Extreme East Old Man, You Ming, and Lei Bao! None of them would be able to escape!

Huang Xiaolong started to circulate the Soaring Dragon Art and the Blazing Dragon Grand Art. As universe origin energy poured into his body, Huang Xiaolong could faintly feel the direction he had to go towards. The denser the universe origin energy, the closer he was getting to the Land of Origin.

When Huang Xiaolong rushed through the World of Departed Souls, Huang Shengdao swung about a creation artifact in search of some sort of treasure.

“This time, I have to locate the Soul Burying Orb!” Light flickered in his eyes.

Even though he obtained the Dao Emperor’s Sword and treasury, he didn’t obtain the inheritance of the Dao Emperor! Everything going on outside was a rumor!

He realized that he needed the Soul Burying Orb to open the final restriction in the Dao Emperor Treasury, and he was hell bent on finding it!