Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3235: Earth is Still in Existence!

Occasionally, he would run into universe beasts. However, he didn’t wish to deal with them and he chased them away by releasing a tiny bit of his aura.

With his current strength, a trace of his power could cause these terrifying universe beasts to tremble like a leaf in the wind.

Without a doubt, Huang Xiaolong was an existence who was invincible under the God of Creation Realm!

Other than several God of Creation Realm experts who existed in the universe, no one could stand up to Huang Xiaolong! Even Celestial Emperors like Huang Dinghai would be defeated by a single point from Huang Xiaolong!

When Huang Xiaolong ventured past the Dao Emperor World, he hesitated for a moment. Since he obtained the Dao Emperor’s Sword from Huang Shengdao, he would be able to obtain the Dao Emperor’s inheritance with the Soul Burying Orb. When that happened, he would be able to cultivate the Dao Emperor’s Sword Art!

That could easily be the third creation level secret art for his third world!

However, Huang Xiaolong knew that the Dao Emperor’s Sword Art was far too lacking compared to the Pangu World Creation Art! If he studied the Dao Emperor’s Sword Art, his speed of cultivation would suffer in the long run! He would never be able to become as strong as he hoped!

After thinking about it for a moment, Huang Xiaolong made his decision. He would cultivate the Pangu World Creation Art. Locating the axe shouldn’t be too difficult after he returned to Earth.

Moreover, the experts of the five celestial empires had laid down countless formations around the Dao Emperor World.

The disappearance of Huang Shengdao and the others were too much of a coincidence. No matter who appeared with the Dao Emperor’s Sword, they would turn into suspect number one for the disappearance of the experts of all five celestial empires!

That was also the reason Huang Xiaolong decided against opening the final restriction around the Dao Emperor’s Treasury.

As he continued his journey, the Pangu World soon appeared before his eyes.

Looking at the Pangu World before him, a sigh left his lips.

Complicated emotions welled up in his heart when he thought about how he was brought to the Huang Long world during his rebirth. He wondered about the changes on earth, and whenever he thought about the possibilities, a gloomy feeling would shroud his heart.

He was afraid that he would no longer be able to meet the members of the Huang Family after his return to Earth!

No matter what, they were his family members!

Since he transmigrated more than ten million years ago, Huang Xiaolong wondered if time passed the same way on Earth. If that was really the case, he was afraid that the members of the Huang Family would have already returned to the earth!

Now, the only hope he had in his heart was the fact that time flowed differently on both worlds.

Even though it was something nearly impossible, as a God of Creation who had reached the grand perfection level, Pangu was more than capable of doing something like that.

Looking at the spatial storms around the Pangu World, Huang Xiaolong hesitated for a moment. Releasing all his power at once, he tore the storm apart as he strolled into the Pangu World.

The universal spatial storm was something formed by Pangu in order to deter experts in the universe from entering his world. It was a layer of protection made by Pangu himself!

With the universe spatial storms around the Pangu World, even experts at the level of Huang Dinghai wouldn’t be able to enter.

Of course, that didn’t stop Huang Xiaolong.

With nearly 2.6 billion units of grand cosmos energy, the spatial storms around him couldn’t even scratch the surface of his skin. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Even so, Huang Xiaolong didn’t dare to be careless. He slowed himself and proceeded with caution.

After tens of minutes, he finally broke past the final barrier to enter the Pangu World.

Standing in the void above the Pangu World, Huang Xiaolong could feel the difference between the laws governing the heavens and earth. It was completely different from the laws of the world controlling the Blazing Dragon World and Huang Long World. There was a sense of tyranny hidden in the laws of the world around him.

“This should be one of the mortal worlds of the Pangu World…” Huang Xiaolong used his dao souls to look all around him, and the situation around the region appeared in his mind.

Finally, Huang Xiaolong came to the conclusion that he was right.

Rushing over to one of the worlds around him, Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief. If he appeared in one of the immortal worlds in the Pangu World, god knew how long it would take for him to arrive back in the lower worlds.

With a single step, Huang Xiaolong appeared outside a star field.

He had already slowed himself, and if Huang Xiaolong were to use his full strength, he would probably travel past the entire star field with a single step.

One had to know that Huang Xiaolong’s grand cosmos energy was already comparable to a God of Creation. Only Hong Jun would be able to match up to him.

Several moments later, Huang Xiaolong grabbed the strongest expert he could find in a star field and he looked through the other party’s memories.

He quickly learned that he was in the Milky Way Galaxy!

Moreover, the man he caught was a member of the number one sect in the Milky Way Galaxy, the Coiling Martial Immortal Gate! The person he caught was the patriarch of the Coiling Martial Immortal Gate, Ye Zhaolong! Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief when he heard where he was. After all, Earth was also located in the Milky Way Galaxy, and returning would be a matter of time.

Not making things difficult for Ye Zhaolong, Huang Xiaolong let the man off after looking through his memories.

After he was released, Ye Zhaolong yelled in fright, “Senior, please spare my life!”

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but chuckle when he saw the man’s reaction. “Your talent is pretty good. You should be able to enter the Heavenly Immortal Realm in a thousand years to enter the Immortal World!”

The cultivation levels of the Milky Way Galaxy were, Houtian, Xiantian, Foundation Building, Golden Core, Nascent Soul, Enlightenment, Spirit Severing, Soul Condensation, Great Void, Grand Completion, Tribulation, and Void Immortal Realm.

Ye Zhaolong was at the peak of the Void Immortal Realm, and he was a step away from breaking through!

When one finally broke through, they would enter the Heavenly Immortal Realm and they could enter the immortal worlds of the Pangu World!

Seeing as Huang Xiaolong had praised his talent, Ye Zhaolong became even more afraid. “Zhaolong is too weak compared to senior. My talent is mediocre, and it’s nothing compared to senior!”

Huang Xiaolong nodded and smiled, “Seems like our meeting was brought together by fate. Alright, I’ll help you out a little.” After he spoke, a strand of golden light entered Ye Zhaolong’s mind.

With another step, Huang Xiaolong disappeared into the space above.

With his heart pounding in fear, Ye Zhaolong saw how Huang Xiaolong entered the void with a single step. He knew that even with the power of a Heavenly Immortal, one wouldn’t be able to do what Huang Xiaolong just did!

Kneeling in fear, Ye Zhaolong didn’t dare to raise his head for a long time.

After leaving, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t in a rush anymore. Since he knew that he was in the Milky Way Galaxy, he would take two days at best to return back to Earth.

One day later…

Huang Xiaolong didn’t know how far he had gone, but a big blue orb could be seen on the horizon.

Earth was still in existence!

The blue planet that he had seen during his time on earth in textbooks… It was still there!

A ripple ran through his heart when he looked at the planet before him.

Before he arrived, Huang Xiaolong had a burning fear in his heart that the earth would have been destroyed after more than ten million years…

A trace of hope formed in his heart. Since Earth was still standing, there was a chance the Pangu Axe was still around!