Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3236: It’s Been 100 Years!

Calming himself down, he started to make his way over to Earth.

Before he could enter the atmosphere, Huang Xiaolong paused in his tracks. He stared all around him and frowned. There was a terrifying layer of restriction around Earth, and Huang Xiaolong narrowed his eyes when he looked at it. From the strength of the restriction surrounding earth, Huang Xiaolong knew that it was laid down by a God of Creation Realm expert. Moreover, it wasn’t just any God of Creation Realm expert. With his current strength, ordinary restrictions wouldn’t faze him in the slightest. However, he could feel his hair standing on end when he looked at the formations around him.

Even with nearly 2.6 billion units of grand cosmos energy, Huang Xiaolong knew that he wouldn’t be able to take a single strike from the restriction!

Could Lord Pangu be the one who personally laid down the formation?

A light flashed in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes. There was no way Hong Jun could do something at that level!

Also, why would Pangu lay down such a terrifying formation around Earth?

Could it be to protect the Pangu Axe?

Or was he trying to protect Earth from outsiders?

Since Huang Xiaolong’s ability in the art of formations was higher than He Zhen, he managed to discover that the restriction only stopped members who had reached the peak of the late-Ninth Level Void Immortal Realm from entering Earth!

Calming himself down, Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief.

As long as he could enter Earth, there would be a chance for him to locate the axe!

Suppressing his cultivation level by level, he finally stopped when he reached the peak of the late-Ninth Level Void Immortal Realm.

Even though he wouldn’t be attacked by the restrictions surrounding the world, Huang Xiaolong still proceeded with caution. Only when he entered the atmosphere without triggering the restriction did he heave a sigh of relief.

Standing in the air above Earth, Huang Xiaolong released his divine sense that had the strength of someone at the peak of the late-Ninth Level Void Immortal Realm. His expression changed all of a sudden.

With his figure turning blurry, he rushed towards one of the cities in the distance.

As Huang Xiaolong suppressed his strength to the peak of the late-Ninth Level Void Immortal Realm, his speed was several billion times slower than before. He could only fly slowly towards the city as a massive flying ship passed him.

The flying ship that passed him resembled flying ships in the Huang Long World, and there were thousands of people who were seated within! Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

It was something that shouldn’t exist on Earth!

Half an hour later, Huang Xiaolong finally arrived.

Looking at the city before him, Huang Xiaolong’s expression sank. The city was surrounded by thick walls, and from what he knew, something like that only existed in the ancient times! However, the walls were way thicker than before!

“Luohe City!”

When he saw the words written on the plaque on the wall, Huang Xiaolong sighed at the familiar words.

A group of soldiers clad in battle armor stood at the gates of the city as they questioned everyone who tried to enter.

Huang Xiaolong was stunned when he looked at them. Every single piece of armor of their bodies was inscribed with restrictions. Even though they were nothing more than pieces of junk to Huang Xiaolong, it was enough to show that Earth had undergone a massive change since he left!

The Earth of the past would never be able to produce armor at that level!

Moreover, Huang Xiaolong could feel traces of true qi surrounding their bodies.

When Huang Xiaolong grabbed Ye Zhaolong previously, he learned that there were different levels of cultivation in the mortal worlds. The soldiers were at the Houtian Realm, the weakest of them all, and it was also known as the Qi Condensation Realm. There were nine levels in total, and from what Huang Xiaolong could see, all the soldiers were close to breaking through to the Xiantian Realm.

When Huang Xiaolong roamed the earth in the past, their old ancestor was a direct disciple of Shaolin, and after the Ming Dynasty exterminated the entire Shaolin Sect, their old ancestor escaped and started the Huang Family. The Huang Family started to learn the martial arts of the Shaolin, and they turned into a martial family on Earth.

Even so, the number of experts who reached the Xiantian Realm in the Huang Family was little to none. Even on Earth, the number of experts who reached that level didn’t number a lot.

Now, Huang Xiaolong was surprised to see that even ordinary soldiers were about to break through into the Xiantian Realm.

Just as Huang Xiaolong was strolling into the city, he was stopped by one of them. “Hold it right there! Hand over your identity plaque right now!”

Identity plaque?!

Huang Xiaolong casually glanced at the other party in response.

Despite it being just a normal look, the soldier who stopped him felt the blood draining from his face as fear gripped his heart. He bowed and yelled to everyone’s surprise, “I was too rash and offended senior! Please enter the city!”

Huang Xiaolong didn't bother with the man and strolled directly into the city.

The other soldiers couldn’t help but stare at Huang Xiaolong in shock. They turned to the soldier who bowed and asked, “Captain, is that a Scholar of the Xiantian Realm?”

As long as one entered the Xiantian Realm on Earth, they would be respectfully addressed as Scholar. Their status was different from the general population.

When the captain looked at Huang Xiaolong’s leaving figure, he gasped in shock. “I’m afraid that the senior has already crossed the Scholar Realm.”

He had seen many Xiantian Realm experts in his life. Even though they were strong, they wouldn’t be able to scare him just with a single gaze. As such, he concluded that the other party was an expert who had long surpassed that level.

The soldiers around him jumped in fright. “Don’t tell me… Don’t tell me the expert was a Foundation Building Realm expert?!” A look of terror could be seen in their eyes as they turned to look at Huang Xiaolong.

One would enter the Foundation Building Realm after they surpassed the Xiantian Realm. When that happened, they would be considered a true cultivator. One’s future would be limitless as long as they managed to cross the barrier to become a Foundation Building Realm cultivator.

The captain remained silent. In his heart, he felt that even Foundation Building Realm experts wouldn’t be able to strike fear in his heart with just a single gaze.

Of course, there was no point in explaining to the soldiers.

When he thought of the realm above the Foundation Building Stage, he felt chills creeping down his heart.

Huang Xiaolong strolled down the street, and he could see traces of the old Earth in the building design. However, it seemed as though cultivation had taken over the world as the structures were built from spiritual wood, and there were even several better buildings made up of essence metal.

Roads and crossings filled the street as people would ride on beasts and humans would drive by in cars alongside each other. It was evident that the cars were no longer the same as before as they were much quicker than the cars Huang Xiaolong knew.

The chattering of those around him quickly entered his ears.

From what they said, it was the 22nd century and it was a hundred years since Huang Xiaolong transmigrated into the Huang Long World!

A hundred years!

Huang Xiaolong’s heart sank.

After so many years, the Huang Family...