Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 326: Ghost King Dan and Ghost King Sutra

But, Huang Xiaolong’s extra precaution was proved to be superfluous. Travelling in the sea of ghostfog, nary a wisp managed to seep inside the Godly Mt. Xumi. Half an hour later, Huang Xiaolong breathed out in relief.

Inside the ghostfog, Huang Xiaolong’s sharp eyesight could only determine the situation in an area less than a hundred zhang, stretching the distance slightly up to a thousand zhang with the Eye of Hell.

The Godly Mt. Xumi flew across the ghostfog without any surprises other than the occasional strange cries from unknown sources far away, raising goosebumps down the neck.

Huang Xiaolong was surprised that something actually lived within the Seven Color Ghostfog. He asked giant ghost Feng Yang about it, but the giant ghost shook his head, ignorant of what it could be.

Though they continued to hear strange cries throughout the flight, they did not meet with any attack. The entire crossing was calm and peaceful, in half a day’s time, Huang Xiaolong and giant ghost Feng Yang reached the doorway to the fifth floor.

Like the entrance of the fourth floor, there was nothing guarding the entrance towards the fifth floor, thus Huang Xiaolong passed through the entrance without any surprises onto the fifth floor.

On the fifth floor, the magnificent splendor of a palace came into sight, towering above a mountain peak.

A massive palace on a towering mountain. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

A contradiction to the darkness Huang Xiaolong had seen on the way here, the fifth floor was like a celestial wonderland. On the mountain peak, the refreshing scent of elixirs wafted out, from ganoderma, herb elixirs, and spiritual trees shrouded in mesmerizing halos.

Huang Xiaolong even suspected he arrived at the wrong place for a second. Staring at the grandiose palace, Huang Xiaolong reined in the excitement bubbling in his heart, together with giant ghost Feng Yang, both of them exited the Godly Mt. Xumi, flying straight for the palace.

Soon, Huang Xiaolong stood on the same peak as the palace, powerful spiritual energy surged from the surrounding elixirs and ganoderma, enveloping Huang Xiaolong and giant ghost Feng Yang as if they dove into an ocean of spiritual energy.

Feeling this, Huang Xiaolong was overjoyed. These elixirs on this peak were no worse compared to the ones he found at the bottom of Broken Tiger Rift, some of these elixirs were even more precious and rare.

“Golden Sky Infant Fruit!”

“Jade Gold Pearl Flower!”

“Nine Nodes Grass!”

Not missing a beat, with a gentle wave of both hands, all the nearby elixirs flew towards Huang Xiaolong and into the Asura Ring. In less than the time it took to sip tea, all elixirs on the entire mountain peak were cleaned out by him. Not even the corner of a root was left behind for Zhao Chen’s group.

After collecting the precious elixirs, Huang Xiaolong and giant ghost Feng Yang stood in front of the palace gates. The gates were ten zhang tall, five zhang wide, and were opened.

The surroundings were quiet.

Huang Xiaolong spread out his spiritual sense and opened the Eye of Hell at the same time. Confirming that the gates were not rigged or placed with any curse, a moment later he stepped in together with giant ghost Feng Yang.

One step into the palace grounds, both Huang Xiaolong and giant ghost Feng Yang felt a whelming pressure enveloped them. Before this momentum, Feng Yang’s knees went soft, falling into a kneeling position.

Huang Xiaolong too nearly fell to his knees, but the twin primordial divine dragons flew out from his body. An ancient dragon atmosphere, seemingly in slumber, awakened, surging out from Huang Xiaolong’s body, indirectly helping him withstand the pressure.

Even so, Huang Xiaolong felt the oppressive pressure linger. Looking around, Huang Xiaolong saw a stalwart statue not too far up front. From its appearance, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t tell what material the statue was made from, but it was extremely life-like. The statue was of a robust middle-aged man with a short beard, thick brows, and a generous-sized mouth. Knots of unknown origin, resembling tiny black pythons, flowed from the man’s head like hair and the man’s feet were standing atop two dragon heads.

Two devil dragons with scarlet red eyes!

The horrifying oppressive atmosphere he felt earlier came from this statue.

A statue actually exuded this much oppression!

“Lord, Lord Ghost King!” Hearing Feng Yang’s shaky voice, he turned over to look, noticing the fear, worship, excitement, and trepidation in his eyes as he looked fixedly at the statue.

Ghost King! This extremely life-like statue really was a statue of the Ghost King!

Huang Xiaolong drew a deep breath looking at the Ghost King’s statue, the shock in his heart undisguisable. Although he could hardly imagine the era when Ghost King’s prestige soared heaven high, deterring many other experts and ruling billions of powerful ghost and devils, Huang Xiaolong felt the Ghost King’s majestic might exuding from the statue.

Even the devil dragons were mounts under his feet!

It was some time later that Huang Xiaolong managed to suppress the sudden reverence, turning to check out the large hall. There were four main stone pillars in the hall, the top side of these pillars was decorated with carvings depicting evil spirits, while at the center of the ceiling was a pool of holy spirit clouds.

The aura of a devil mixed with holy spirit filled the large hall, half darkness and evil, half light and holiness, it gave off a weird feeling. There was nothing else in the large hall but the four stone pillars.

Huang Xiaolong looked carefully several times, finding nothing, he frowned. It was a single floor hall, no second, third, or fourth floor nor did it have an inner or outer hall. Just one open large hall.

Then, where could the legendary Ghost King Sutra and Ghost King Dan be? All of a sudden, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes looked over to the Ghost King statue, falling on the ring on the Ghost King’s finger.

Spatial ring!

This spatial ring blended well with the statue, if it weren’t for Huang Xiaolong observing the statue in detail he wouldn’t have found any difference.

Huang Xiaolong’s heart throbbed wildly. It seems like the Ghost King Sutra and Ghost King Dan were most likely in that spatial ring.

Huang Xiaolong lifted his hand and a strong suction force pulled the spatial ring off the Ghost King’s hand, falling into his palm. The Ghost King’s spatial ring was very different from the Asura Ring, purple in color and almost translucent, with two devil dragons carved on its the body, closely resembling the two devil dragons under the Ghost King’s feet.

They were baring their fangs and claws, looking intimidating!

Running his battle qi, Huang Xiaolong tried to open the Ghost King’s spatial ring, but just as he was about to infuse the spatial ring with battle qi, a monstrous swarm of evil spirits broke out from within, howling and wailing, an intense ghost aura engulfed Huang Xiaolong. Alarmed, Huang Xiaolong quickly released the Buddhism energy inside his body, gradually suppressing the mad group of evil spirits.

There was such an unnerving ban on the Ghost King’s ring!

Huang Xiaolong once again looked at the Ghost King’s spatial ring in his hand. Recalling the monstrosity coming at him just seconds ago, the lingering fear in Huang Xiaolong’s heart had yet to subside. Luckily, he reacted in a timely manner, and most of all, he was lucky to have been imparted with Buddhism energy. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be standing there safely now.

Still, this level of curse on the Ghost King’s spatial ring was not something he could break at this moment.

‘Looks like, I need to figure out a way, but first, I have to leave this place.’ Huang Xiaolong thought to himself, putting away the Ghost King Ring into the Asura Ring.

Then, Huang Xiaolong circled the hall to confirm that he did not miss any treasures lying around before leaving the hall with giant ghost Feng Yang.

Once they were out of the hall, Huang Xiaolong returned using the same route.

At this time, there were merely six to seven days left before the Ghost City disappeared, therefore he had to hurry back to the first floor, exit the Ghost King Palace and leave the Ghost City.

When he reached the fifth floor’s entrance, Huang Xiaolong once again brought out the Godly Mt. Xumi, bringing giant ghost Feng Yang with him, both entering the Xumi Temple. Passing through the doorway, Godly Mt. Xumi disappeared into the ghostfog.

Being familiar with the route, Huang Xiaolong took only two days to exit the Ghost King’s cultivation cave and continued onward to the Ghost City’s main gates without stopping.

Since the Ghost King Sutra and Ghost King Dan were already in his hands, he had no interest in exploring other areas of the city.

Before long, Huang Xiaolong passed through the Ghost City gates, leaving the city behind.