Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3271: Huang Houde Came Back Quite Fast

It didn’t take long for Huang Houde, who was on the flying ship, returning to Donglin Province, to receive a report that Huang Xiaolong was at the Blue Dragon Orchard.

“Blue Dragon Orchard outside of Huazhou City!” Huang Houde sneered, “A blue dragon? At daybreak, I’ll turn you into a dead dragon!”

Although Huang Houde had received reports from many Huang Family’s elders that Huang Xiaolong was likely to have broken through to high-level Nascent Soul Realm, he was still very confident that he could kill Huang Xiaolong.

After the Old Ancestor Huang Ming had advanced to Enlightenment Realm, he had found a piece of ten thousand years old cold iron, and he had personally forged the cold iron into a great Dragon Blade!

The Dragon Blade was categorized as a top-grade spiritual artifact, and was currently in his hands. Needless to say, the Dragon Blade had a powerful attack, greatly exceeding the level a Nascent Soul Realm expert could imagine. Old Ancestor Huang Ming had once told him that only Enlightenment Realm experts and above were capable of blocking the Dragon Blade’s sharpness!

Moreover, a few years back, he had spent an enormous sum in an auction to buy an armor. That armor was also a top-grade spiritual artifact that was strong enough to withstand the attack of a high-level Nascent Soul expert. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“If I remember correctly, there’s nothing resembling an orchard outside of Huazhou City? What’s up with the Blue Dragon Orchard?” Huang Xin asked suspiciously.

“Who cares as the result is going to be the same. At daybreak tomorrow, we would be back at Donglin Province, and this Blue Dragon Orchard would be Huang Xiaolong’s burial place!” Huang Wendao sneered sarcastically.

“There is something else that is strange, Elder Huang Xing reported to me that Huang Jiyuan. and Wang Meilan suddenly became younger, and both of them look like they are in their forties now. Even Huang Chenfei could get out of bed and move around freely,” Huang Xin added.

“They look like they’re in their forties? How is that possible?” Huang Wendan refuted, shaking his head and joked, “Unless Huang Jiyuan and Wang Meilan have consumed some miraculous spiritual herbs!”

But Huang Xin pointed out, “What if Huang Jiyuan and Wang Meilan really did?”

Others were stunned for a second, including Huang Houde.

There seemed to be a light of anticipation in Huang Houde’s eyes,.“Is the third Uncle saying that Huang Xiaolong has magical spiritual herbs?! Huang Xiaolong fed Huang Jiyuan and Wang Meilan these herbs and that’s why they became younger? Even Huang Chenfei could get out of bed because of Huang Xiaolong?”

Huang Xin nodded. “Yes, if my guess is right, Huang Sheng’an, Huang Qi, and Huang Feiwu were willing to cooperate with Huang Xiaolong. Huang Xiaolong must have used this spiritual herb as the reward. This must be the reason the three of them were willing to risk it!”

“There are rumors the cultivation world outside has spiritual herbs that can resurrect the dead. The Purple Flames Sect’s old ancestor had once consumed such a spiritual herb, and that is the reason for his long-life!” Huang Wendan’s eyes shone with greed.

In the vast galaxy, there were other cultivation worlds with miraculous spiritual herbs that were no longer a secret to cultivators on Earth.

One of Earth’s top six forces, the Purple Flames Sect’s old ancestor, the person hailed as the number one pill refiner on Earth, had lived past one thousand and two hundred years. This long life span was because he had once swallowed a divine spiritual herb. There was a legendary benefit to this kind of spiritual herb other than extending one’s lifespan, and restoring one’s youthful appearance.

There was a similar burning greed in Huang Houde’s eyes—divine spiritual herb! An Enlightenment expert, and even a higher cultivation realm expert would be tempted, not to mention him.

“So, it’s like that!” Huang Houde was clearly excited now. “Elder Huang Xing reported Huang Xiaolong’s outer appearance remains in his twenties, and it is not much different from the time he disappeared. It seems like he could maintain his youthful appearance because of a divine spiritual herb!”

Huang Wendan and the others were extremely excited.

Learning that Huang Xiaolong was likely to have divine spiritual herbs on him, Huang Houde, Huang Wendan, and the others couldn’t wait to reach the Donglin Province instantly, and appear in front of Huang Xiaolong.

There had never been a moment the people on board felt the fastest flying ship on Earth was so slow.

While enduring the torment of slow-passing time, the sky gradually darkened, and soon, faint white light appeared on the horizon.

Huang Houde was in a good mood as he looked at the brightening the horizon through the flying ship’s window, and laughed, “Today is a beautiful day.”

When the flying ship descended in Donglin Province’s Datong City Airport. The three grand elders that were executing their missions outside as well as the remaining Huang Family’s elders that were not locked up, had been waiting for Huang Houde.

Huang Houde did not return to the Huang Family’s main residence, instead, he gathered everyone with a wave of his hand and spoke with an overwhelming momentum, “Go directly to the Blue Dragon Orchard!”

Without delay, the Huang Family’s experts headed to the Blue Dragon City outside of Huazhou City in a mighty manner.

Such a big movement from the Huang Family’s experts caused a stir in the airport, as well as the forces in Datong City.

Soon, the Sun Family and Tan Family learned that Huang Houde had returned.

Sun Family Patriarch Sun Cheng said to the Old Ancestor Sun Yao, “Huang Houde came back quite fast.”

Sun Yao smiled nonchalantly, “His line has been cleaned up by Huang Sheng’an, Huang Qi, and Huang Feiwu. Both his elder brother and younger brother were defeated, so he naturally acted fast.

Sun Cheng went on seriously, “Now that Huang Houde has return, the internal chaos would be suppressed, and it’s impossible for Huang Sheng’an’s side to win.”

Huang Houde’s swift return wasn’t exactly ideal for the Sun Family. After suppressing the internal rebellion, he would notice the Sun Family had been swallowing up the Huang Family’s industries. The Sun Family had begun their operation yesterday.

Sun Yao wasn’t concerned with that at all. “Even if Huang Houde managed to curb the three grand elders, after this mess, the Huang Family’s power would be greatly damaged. Therefore, our Sun Family need not be afraid of Huang Family anymore. Moreover, the Tan Family would definitely come to us for help and form an alliance with us, the advantage is on our side.”

Yesterday, when the Sun Family started their operation on the Huang Family, the Tan Family also made their move.

……

Blue Dragon Orchard.

Huang Xiaolong was guiding Huang Jiyuan, Wang Meilan, Huang Chenfei, and Huang Datou as they practiced the Asura Sword Skill and Dragon Fist as he usually did.

After two days of practice under Huang Xiaolong’s guidance, the four of them had grasped all the movements of Asura Sword Skill and Dragon Fist, but it would take a lot more effort and practice for them to truly comprehend the essence of these two techniques.

Although their physical bodies were improved by Huang Xiaolong, comprehension was an individual matter.

During these two days, Huang Xiaolong had improved their physical bodies a second time, widening their veins and meridians once more.

It can be said that after Huang Xiaolong improved their physical bodies a second time, not only Huang Jiyuan and the others’ cultivation speed increased, but their ability to recover and vitality also rose significantly. Even if they were to suffer heavy injuries, they wouldn’t die easily.

Then again, Huang Xiaolong did not tell his family all these. Therefore, Huang Jiyuan and the others had no idea that they now possessed physique and talent even the immortals of Pangu Immortal World would be envious of.

Huang Sheng’an, Huang Qi, and Huang Feiwu stood respectfully meters away, and behind them were Huang Family’s elders that were absolutely loyal to the three of them.

Huang Xiaolong had plans to promote Huang Sheng’an, and the others, so when he was guiding his family, he allowed Huang Sheng’an, Huang Qi, Huang Feiwu, and the others to watch from the side.

In the midst of guiding his family, Huang Xiaolong suddenly stopped talking and looked toward the horizon.

A thousand miles away, Huang Houde, Huang Xin, and several hundred of Huang Family’s experts were flying in the direction of Blue Dragon Orchard.