Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3279: Demon Blade Fan Yidong

Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Before long, all relevant families had heard news that Nascent Soul Realm experts could enter Blue Dragon Orchard to spectate the impending battle.

Not only the experts from within the Donglin Province, but also the experts from neighboring provinces received the news and discussed it with fervor.

At the Sun Family’s main residence, Sun Yao looked at Sun Cheng in surprise. "Huang Sheng’an is allowing Nascent Soul Realm experts to spectate the battle inside the Blue Dragon Orchard?"

Didn’t the Blue Dragon Orchard seal off when they dealt with Huang Houde? Why did they suddenly change their style of doing things, willing to let Nascent Soul Realm experts spectate the battle from within the Blue Dragon Orchard?

Sun Cheng was just as astonished, and he guessed, "IS Huang Sheng’an doing this because he has a hundred percent confidence that he can defeat Huang Ming? And does he plan to use this opportunity to deter other cultivation families within the Huaxia Alliance to boost his status and prestige?"

Sun Yao seriously agreed, "There is this possibility." He then let out a sneer. "But Huang Sheng'an's calculation is destined to fail! Because tomorrow, the person defeated will be him!"

Sun Cheng couldn’t help asking, as the old ancestor seemed so certain, "Huang Sheng’an captured Huang Houde, and the Huang Family’s Dragon Blade has surely fallen into Huang Sheng’an’s hands. With that blade, it’s not like Huang Sheng’an has no chance to win against Huang Min. Furthermore, Huang Sheng’an must have other trump cards up his sleeve. Since he dares to invite Nascent Soul Realm experts and above to watch the battle, there must be something that gives him the confidence."

Sun Yao shook his head, wearing a meaningful smile on his face, "I’ll tell you a piece of good news, Huang Ming is not coming back alone from the East Sea. Fan Yidong is accompanying him!"

"What? Fan Yidong? Demon Blade Fan Yidong?!" Sun Cheng exclaimed in shock when he heard that.

Fan Yidong was a Second Level Enlightenment Realm expert.

A mid-Second Level Enlightenment Realm.

Fan Yidong was someone obsessed with the blade, almost crossing the line of fanaticism. This person was cold and ruthless, cultivating the dao of slaughter. That was how he had got his nickname—the Demon Blade. He was a cold person by nature, which resulted in him having very few friends. For some reason, he was on good terms with the Huang Family’s old ancestor, Huang Ming. The two of them had even become sworn brothers.

"That’s right, it’s that Demon Blade Fan Yidong!" Sun Yao nodded with glee. "Huang Ming encountered Fan Yidong in the East Sea, and he told Fan Yidong about the Huang Family’s internal conflict. Fan Yidong was enraged and so he came to the Donglin Province together with Huang Ming."

"Not many people know Fan Yidong is coming with Huang Ming to Donglin Province. I only learned about it from a certain Blade Gate’s channel, so, don’t leak a word out about this matter!" Sun Yao sneered, "When Huang Sheng’an sees Fan Yidong tomorrow, he’s going to piss himself!"

Sun Cheng gloated with glee upon hearing that, and his eyes glimmered with a cold light. "There is also that Huang Xiaolong! He actually dares to kill my Sun Family’s elder. I want him dead!"

It had already been spread that Huang Xiaolong had killed Sun Youwei at the Longxing Commerce’s auction hall, and the matter had reached Sun Cheng’s ears.

Sun Yao smiled. "We don’t need to move a finger at all. Huang Xiaolong collaborated with Huang Sheng'an to harm Huang Houde and several hundred Huang Family disciples in Huang Houde's line, and Huang Ming will assassinate Huang Xiaolong."

Sun Cheng nodded, "Well, Huang Xiaolong’s got a bargain to die so easily!"

Not long after Huang Sheng’an spread the word, patriarchs and old ancestors of cultivation families in Donglin Province and other provinces led the Nascent Soul Realm experts of their families and set off to Huazhou City on a flying ship.

The battle between Enlightenment Realm experts was a rare event, and it happened once in a hundred years if one was lucky. This time, it was related to the Huang Family’s internal revolt, which made it all the more exciting. So, whether it was cultivation families in Donglin Province or outside of Donglin Province, none wanted to miss such an event.

Even the Huaxia Alliance authorities also sent a group of qualified people over.

In a moment, various forces within the Huaxia Alliance set their eyes on Huazhou City, on the Blue Dragon Orchard.

While various forces were hurrying to Huazhou City, there were two figures moving at rapid speed in Donglin Province’s direction. They were none other than Huang Ming and Fan Yidong.

"Any Nascent Soul Realm expert can spectate?" Huang Ming’s gaze sharpened when he heard the news. "Huang Sheng’an, in that case, I will let you taste defeat and humiliation in public!"

Fan Yidong hugged a great blade inside his chest, releasing dao qi from his body. "In my opinion, this traitor’s head should be chopped off!"

Huang Ming acquiesced.

It should have been something worthy of a big celebration with the addition of an Enlightenment Realm expert to the Huang Family, but who would’ve thought something like this would happen?

Inwardly, there was something Huang Ming couldn’t figure out. When did Huang Sheng’an break through to Enlightenment Realm? Though it had been two years since he had left the Huang Family’s main residence, he remembered clearly that Huang Sheng’an was still a Seventh Level Nascent Realm at that time. Did Huang Sheng’an really conceal his strength in the past? Hidden so deeply that even he did not notice?

Though Huang Ming had many doubts and felt there was something not right somewhere, he couldn’t point out what was wrong.

As experts from various directions made their way to Huazhou City, inside the Blue Dragon Orchard, Huang Xiaolong, his parents, younger brother, and nephew were gathered together and were having a feast. Today, his parents had successfully broken through to the Golden Core Realm and condensed an immortal-rank golden core. They naturally had to celebrate.

The topic suddenly turned to the auction during the day, and Tan Wei’s name was brought up.

Hearing Huang Datou liked the girl named Tan Wei, Wang Meilan’s eyes beamed like two headlights, and questions shot out of her mouth like a machine gun until Huang Xiaolong and Huang Chenfei couldn’t answer.

Huang Datou broke out in a cold sweat as he answered his grandma’s many questions.

Upon learning Tan Wei was a direct disciple of the Tan Family, belonging to the eldest son’s line, Wang Meilan couldn't stop smiling. "Datou, you must invite Miss Tan Wei over one day, so I can have a look."

"How about tomorrow?!" Wang Meilan blurted out the question.

Huang Datou was caught off guard and smiled wryly. "Grandma, although I’ve known Miss Tan Wei for ten years, we’ve only met a few times."

"So what if you’ve only met a few times?" Wang Meilan shot him a glare and said, "Who says you can’t invite people over after meeting only a few times?!"

Huang Datou chose to keep mum.

It was already late at night by the time the celebration ended.

The power of stars flowed down from the night sky, casting a charming veil on the Blue Dragon Orchard.

When Huang Jiyuan learned Huang Ming would return the next day, he said to Huang Xiaolong, "Xiaolong, no matter what, Huang Ming is your grandfather. Therefore, tomorrow, I implore you to spare his life."

Huang Xiaolong looked his father in the eye and nodded, "Don’t worry, Father. I won’t kill him!" Not killing him and sparing him were completely different matters.

Strictly speaking, as the Son of Creation, Huang Ming couldn’t be considered as his grandfather. Furthermore, ever since Huang Ming had given Huang Houde the order to kill him, Huang Xiaolong had cut off the thin connection that existed between them in his past life.

The night sky gradually brightened as a new day arrived.

Experts from various places appeared in front of the Blue Dragon Orchard in batches.

Looking at the vast orchard surrounded like a natural fortress with ten-meter tall walls that were half a meter thick genuinely astonished many people. It was obvious to many that it had taken a lot of effort to build such a wall around the property’s perimeter.

"Why didn’t I hear of this Blue Dragon Orchard in the past? Did the Huang Family build this place secretly? What kind of iron or steel is this? I haven’t seen this before!"

"Such intricate formation runes!" an expert sighed in admiration.

Tan Jian and other grand elders of the Tan Family also showed admiration.

While everyone was admiring the surroundings and sighing in admiration, the wooden gates opened.

The people stood for a while before walking in through the entrance. When they entered the Blue Dragon Orchard, seeing the neat rows of spiritual fruit trees and the lush spiritual herbs enshrouded by rich spiritual energy, all of them were stunned.

"So many spiritual fruit trees! These spiritual herbs are, at least, six hundred years old and above?!"

"Where did the Huang Family get their hands on so many spiritual fruit trees and spiritual herbs!"

"That’s a Blood Crown Ganoderma! I’ve been looking for this for many years!" Suddenly, a Chen Family’s grand elder originating from Lirong Province exclaimed, and he leaped forward to grab the plant. Just as his fingers were about to close around the Ganoderma, a blinding light flashed, and in the next second, the Chen Family’s grand elder was sent flying like a broken kite. He crashed to the ground, rolling past several experts' feet.

Faces in the group paled.

"What a strong restrictive formation!"

The Chen Family’s grand elder was a Ninth Level Nascent Soul Realm expert.