Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3289: You’re Back!

Huang Wen screamed in terror, “Kai’er, no!”

Her voice cracked and sadness filled her heart.

Right before the fangs of the beast could pierce his neck, the two of them felt as though the world turned silent. The entire world around them returned to peace as they stared at each other in shock.

Lin Kai widened his eyes as he looked at a handsome young man appeared before him. With a simple point, the beast exploded into a mist of blood a hundred meters away from the group.

Lin Kai was even more shocked to discover that the beasts that surrounded Huang Wen popped like bubbles without a single sound. Not a single one of them remained intact.

After they popped, the noise that disappeared returned and time seemed to flow again.

Lin Kai stared at the scene before him in disbelief. He didn’t even realize that his wounds were bleeding, and Huang Wen was the same. The despair in her heart turned to confusion as everything changed too suddenly.

She stared at the person who just appeared and a sense of familiarity filled her heart.

Turning around, Huang Xiaolong looked at his long lost sister.

When she saw Huang Xiaolong’s face, Huang Wen felt her body freezing in shock. This… This youngster was exactly the same as the man in her memories a hundred years ago!

There was no way two people could look so similar!

“Sister.” Huang Xiaolong looked at his sister whose hair had already turned white. Her face was filled with wrinkles, and her body was as skinny as could be.

…

Huang Wen felt a jolt running through her body when she heard how he called her, Tears streamed down her face, but she couldn’t believe who it was. “You… You… Who are you?! Are you really…”

She didn’t dare to continue. After all, she had always been wishing for her older brother’s return for the past one hundred years. Day after day, she was disappointed. Finally, the last of her hope disappeared and she felt that Huang Xiaolong was gone for good.

“That’s right! It’s me! I’m back!” A smile formed on Huang Xiaolong’s face as he slowly approached Huang Wen.

It was the same smile she remembered one hundred years ago!

Running towards him, Huang Wen could no longer control her emotions. She bawled her eyes out, and she cried her hearts out. She hugged the figure without letting go and she poured all her grievances out.

She wanted to let everything out.

“Elder Brother, you’re finally back! I… I… I’ve been so tired these past few years!” Huang Wen hugged Huang Xiaolong and she cried. “Do you know? Lin Kai’s life has been hard! He can’t return to a home that exists, and I haven’t seen mum and dad for years!”

“Every time I try to go back, Lin Xiaotian will always stop me! He even trapped me in my room once!”

“Zou Xueqing and her daughter will always find ways to make life difficult for me and Kai’er!”

…

She cried out all the injustice she experienced and Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but rub her head affectionately when he heard her stories. “Don’t worry. I’m back.”

“No one will be able to wrong you any more. I, Huang Xiaolong, will get back at them on your behalf!”

Lin Kai looked at his mother who was crying her eyes out and gasped in shock.

Elder Brother?

Why was she calling someone younger than her son that?!

Wait a minute. He heard about the stories from his mother once, and he wondered if the young man in front of him was the legendary uncle he had!

After crying for some time, Huang Wen finally dried her years. She looked at Huang Xiaolong in disbelief. “Brother, are you really back?! I’m not dreaming am I?”

The familiar smile formed on Huang Xiaolong’s face once again. He chuckled at the absurd notion. After all, she had been hugging him for the past half an hour or so.

“Of course It’s real. Chenfei and our parents followed me to the Lin Family to visit you, and all of them are currently in the main hall of the Lin Family waiting for your return!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Huang Wen jumped in joy. “Are they all here?!”

“Of course they are. When we get back later, you’ll be able to see them. But first, I will need to treat your injuries.” As soon as he spoke, he retrieved two stalks of spiritual herbs.

“Radiant Saint Blood Ginseng!” Huang Wen cried out in shock. “These… These have grown for five hundred years!”

Radiant Saint Blood Ginseng that grew for five hundred years!

That was a spiritual herb specialized in treating injuries!

Of course, they were herbs Huang Xiaolong planted in his garden.

Chuckling softly, Huang Xiaolong explained, “You’re half right. These are six hundred year old Radiant Saint Blood Ginseng.” He handed them over to Huang Wen and Lin Kai.

However, Huang Wen shook her head to refuse. “Brother, these are too precious! Our injuries aren’t that bad, and it’s a waste for us to use these herbs!”

Staring at her in shock, Huang Xiaolong tried many different ways to get them to refine the herb. After some long and hard persuasion, they finally ate it. When they refined the herb, Huang Xiaolong started to assist them in reforming their bodies. Like what he did to Huang Jiyuan and Wang Meilan, he transformed their bodies completely.

It went without surprise that Lin Kai’s arms started to heal. They were just broken bones at best, and even if every single bone in his body turned to dust, Huang Xiaolong was more than capable of bringing him back to normal.

A soft light enveloped their bodies and the two of them started to break through continuously.

In the past, Huang Xiaolong did the same thing when he helped his parents. Now, it was Huang Wen and Lin Kai’s turn.

Several minutes later…

Huang Xiaolong finally stopped.

When the two of them opened their eyes again, they were shocked.

“Mum, you… you became so young!” Lin Kai cried out in shock. He coudn’t believe that the woman in her mid forties was really his mother!

In the past, Huang Wen looked like a grandma in her nineties. Her hair was now silky and black, and her skin was smooth again!

Huang Wen was stunned when she heard what Lin Kai said. She examined herself, and she jumped in fright. “I seem to have broken through to the Seventh Level Foundation Building Realm!”

“I’m at the Fourth Level Xiantian Realm!” Lin Kai yelled in surprise. “My arm! It’s healedl!”

“When you were recovering, I gave you a little assistance.” Huang Xiaolong chuckled.

When the two of them were finally done examining themselves, Huang Xiaolong brought them back towards the Lin Family.

“Xiaolong, why don’t we let it go. I don’t wish to step into the Lin Family ever again!” Huang Wen hesitated for a moment before tugging Huang Xiaolong’s sleeves.

The Lin Family was an eternal nightmare for her and Lin Kai, and she never wanted to see them again.

However, Huang Xiaolong reassured them, “I learned everything I needed to know. This time, I’ll help you get back at them. You will be able to deal with Zou Xueqing and Lin Shuang however you wish. After you punish them, we shall return to the Huang Family! You will never have to see them again!”

Huang Wen nodded, but worries still filled her heart. “Lin Xiaotian is an elder of the Lin Family, and he isn’t someone you can punish as you please! He really loves Zou Xueqing and Lin Shuang, and there’s no way he will hand them over to us!”