Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3330: Who Told You I Came To Kneel?

The fact that the Cao Gang and Ren Qi knew each other shocked everyone. The way they spoke to each other highlighted their extraordinary relationship.

Could Cao Gang also be an expert in the Spirit Severing Realm? Moreover, he had to be a high-level Spirit Severing Realm expert if he could address Ren Qi as such!

“Hehe, Brother Cao Gang, long time no see!” Ren Qi cupped his fists and returned the greeting.

Wu Guangsi, the valley master of the Ghost Valley, bowed. “Lord Ren Qi.”

“Your master and I have been friends for a long time. There is no need for such formalities,” Ren Qi chuckled.

Everyone was shocked to discover the unusual relationship between the three strongest factions! 

Cao Gang couldn’t help but laugh, “I was planning to take care of Huang Xiaolong on your behalf, but since you’re here, I won’t have to take matters into my own hands.” 

“He’s just a little brat from the mortal world. There is no need for us to worry. Anyway, I prepared a banquet when I heard that all of you were coming. Let’s have a chat before he arrives. Hahaha, when he comes, it won’t be too late for us to torture him all we like! We can also take this chance to warn the aboriginals on Earth that they are a bunch of backward monkeys compared to us!”

Cao Gang roared with laughter, “Brother Ren Qi is right!”

Wu Guangsi snickered, “We shall listen to Lord Ren Qi.”

Amidst their laughter, the three of them entered the Purple Flame Sect.

As soon as they left, the experts around the mountain erupted with fervor.

“Lord Cao Gang and Lord Ren Qi are actually friends!”

“I heard that the Divine Court Sect is the strongest sect in the Flowing Flame Star! They are even stronger than the Purple Flame Sect!”

“Who in the world is Valley Master Wu’s teacher?! He’s definitely also a Ninth Level Spirit Severing Realm expert!”

Liu Xulong, the old ancestor of the Ice Palace, snorted, “Huang Xiaolong is such a fool. He could have offended anyone, but he went ahead and caused trouble for the Purple Flame Sect. He even had to take Yuan Hui as his slave! It’s no wonder the Purple Flame Sect is so angry after receiving such an insult…”

The old ancestor of the Blade Gate, Wang Xiwen, chuckled, “In fact, I admire Huang Xiaolong’s courage.”

“Courage?!” Liu Xulong mocked. “He’s stupid and ignorant! Even if the Purple Flame Sect doesn’t do anything to him, the experts of my Ice Palace will definitely kill him! Ancestor Lu Wangqun from our headquarters is coming as we speak!”

“What?! Even senior Lu Wangqun is coming?!” Wang Xiwen gasped in shock.

Lu Wangqun was one of the ten strongest experts on the Dark Star where the Ice Palace was located. He was a late-Ninth Level Spirit Severing Realm expert, and he was even stronger than Ren Qi!

A smug look appeared on Liu Xulong’s face, and he chuckled, “That’s right. Ancestor Lu Wangqun isn’t the only person coming. Three high-level Spirit Severing Realm experts from the Northern Yellow River will be coming too.”

Wang Xiwen succeeded in a cold breath. That would mean that the Ice Palace sent four high-level Spirit Severing Realm experts over to Earth!

All of a sudden, everyone broke out into discussion once again.

“Huang Xiaolong’s flying ship is here!”

“He’s here!”

Everyone broke out into cheers.

From afar, a flying ship soared slowly through the skies. As the body of the ship bore the insignia of a blue dragon, it seemed to come to life under the illumination of the midday sun.

The flint ship arrived before long, and a young man whose black hair swayed in the wind stepped out of the ship.

“Huang Xiaolong really knows how to put on an act,” Liu Xulong sneered. Huang Xiaolong had killed his disciple, the palace master of the Ice Palace back in the Japanese Alliance. He hated Huang Xiaolong to the core, and he wanted nothing more than to tear him limb from limb.

“He’s just putting on a front. When he climbs up the mountain while kowtowing, he won’t be able to look so cool anymore,” Wang Xiwen snorted.

In fact, the sects that came from the other stars were not friendly to the members of Earth at all. As such, Wang Xiwen’s attitude was typical for cultivators who weren’t earthlings.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t bother with whatever they said as he walked towards the peak the moment he disembarked.

As he was someone who could deal with Yuan Hui with a single slap, not a single person standing around dared to stop him.

Just as he was about to arrive at the mountain peak, the defensive formations around the mountain opened and a group of experts emerged.

The person who came out was the patriarch of the Purple Flame Sect, Chen Xingjian, and there were a ton of eminent elders who were also at the Enlightenment Realm standing behind him. Despite their lineup, there was no sign of Ren Qi.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When Huang Xiaolong arrived, Ren Qi was still enjoying a feast with Cao Gang and Wu Guangsi.

Chen Xingjian and the others stopped Huang Xiaolong as soon as they emerged.

“Huang Xiaolong, Lord Ren Qi gave the order. You cannot stop when you climb up the mountain. If you do, you will have to start over from the beginning.” 

Waving his hand, he opened the formation around the mountain to summon a set of stone steps. The steps appeared from the foot of the mountain all the way to the main gates.

Shards of glass and nails lined the steps, and it was clear that the Purple Flame Sect was making things difficult for Huang Xiaolong.

“We won’t make things difficult for you. All the obstacles on the steps are not stained with poison.” Chen Xingjian sneered. “You can begin now. When you climb, you are not allowed to use true qi to protect yourself. If you cannot arrive at the gates in an hour, you will have to restart the climb.”

Everyone felt their hearts pounding in fear when they saw the shards of glass and nails on the steps. There was no way they could use an hour to ascend the steps. Not even four hours would be enough!

“Huang Xiaolong, why are you still standing there? Hurry up and start climbing!” someone in the crowd roared with laughter. 

The person who yelled was Liu Xulong, and there was a smug look on his face when he looked at Huang Xiaolong.

“Hahaha! Even if he uses everything he has, he won’t be able to reach the top!” Wang Xiwen roared with laughter.

The experts of the Ice Palace and Blade Gate started to laugh when they heard what their old ancestors said.

The experts of the other factions might not have said anything, but many of them were snickering under their breaths. Gloating expressions could be seen on their faces.

Looking at Chen Xingjian, the corners of Huang Xiaolong’s lips tilted upwards. “Who told you I came here to apologize?”

Everyone stared at him in shock when the words left his lips.

“If you’re not here to kneel, are you here to drink a cup of tea with Lord Ren Qi?” Liu Xuwen snorted in disbelief.

Many people chuckled under their breaths as they were utterly amused by the situation.

All of a sudden, Huang Xiaolong reached out with his right hand and grabbed Chen Xingjian by the neck. Staring at Huang Xiaolong with a look of fear on his face, Chen Xingjian didn't even get to speak when Huang Xiaolong snapped his neck. Releasing his grip, Huang Xiaolong tosses Chen Xingjian’s corpse away like he was throwing rubbish.

Boom!

When Chen Xingjian’s body slammed into the ground below, the entire mountain seemed to explode. Rocks flew everywhere as the world trembled.