Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 3368: Huge *ss Hole!

Huang Xiaolong stared at all of them placidly as a ball of flame emerged to swallow Jiang Lin.

Right in front of them, Jiang Lin was turned into a pile of ashes before he could scream!

Even his essence soul was turned to nothingness!

Rage and fear filled the hearts of those present as Jiang Lin’s ashes scattered in the wind. That was the first time anyone dared to go against an order from the Immortal Palace! Moreover, it was an order passed down personally by the Palace Master himself!

“Do you know that no one in the world dares to go against the order of the Immortal Palace?! No one,” Liu Bing’s expression sank as he roared. “Not even the first-generation devil lord dares to disobey us!”

He was right. Liu Huang’s father was like an obedient child before the Immortal Palace.

Firstly, the Immortal Palace represented the power of the Heavenly Court! Secondly, they were too damn terrifying. It was said that every single expert in the Immortal Palace was Void Immortal. No one knew how many of them there were, but they only knew that everyone sent out by the Immortal Palace was basically high-level Void Immortals!

As the palace master of the Immortal Palace, Liu Bing was a half-step Heavenly Immortal! His strength had already surpassed the peak of the late-Ninth Level Void Immortal Realm, and he could receive the assistance of the immortal energy from the Immortal World! He had the protection of a higher world, and he could reveal the strength of a Heavenly Immortal if he so chose to!

In the Mortal World, a Heavenly Immortal was invincible!

Who would dare to go against the order given by the Immortal Palace?!

Huang Xiaolong muttered casually, “No one dared to defy your order in the past, but that doesn’t mean that your word is a law forever.” As Liu Bing’s expression sank further, he continued, “You’re in the way. I’ll give you three seconds to scram.”

Liu Bing roared with laughter as he tried his hardest to suppress his killing intent.

Yuan Hong and the others looked at Huang Xiaolong like he was a monster. No one thought that Huang Xiaolong would dare to disrespect Liu Bing after refusing to heed an order from the Immortal Palace!𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Their expressions became weird.

However, Ye Zhaolong quickly interjected, “Lord Liu Bing, there has to be some sort of misunderstanding! Senior Huang shouldn’t be the devil lord!”

Yuan Hong and the others had no idea how terrifying Huang Xiaolong was, but he had seen the man in action! About a month ago, Huang Xiaolong crossed a galaxy with a single step! Not even Heavenly Immortals had the ability to do that!

Even though he didn’t know how Huang Xiaolong managed to appear in the Mortal World, he knew that Huang Xiaolong was an existence who had surpassed a Heavenly Immortal.

If they were to anger Huang Xiaolong, the consequences would be far too scary.

As Liu Bing’s killing intent turned stronger and stronger, he exploded with rage when he heard Ye Zhaolong defending him. “Ye Zhaolong, I’ll take care of you after dealing with him!”

After he spoke, rays of golden light fell from the void to surround him. A power that surpassed the Heavenly Immortal Realm emerged from his body.

When facing a Heavenly Immortal, everyone had to submit!

Not even Ye Zhaolong and Liu Huang could stand against his strength! Fear filled their hearts.

Liu Bing sneered at Huang Xiaolong, “Three seconds ago, you said that I was in your way. What are you going to do about it now that I’m still here?”

Even though Huang Xiaolong killed Jiang Lin a moment ago and revealed his strength, Liu Bing was confident in his ability to kill Huang Xiaolong. After all, he had the assistance of the Immortal World!

“What am I going to do about it?” Huang Xiaolong looked at Liu Bing in amusement, and he sent a punch flying towards him.

Boom!

As a giant fist formed in the air, everyone felt as though the world was trembling.

Yuan Hong and the others thought that the world had changed color as soon as the fist appeared. Liu Bing, who was standing smugly before Huang Xiaolong, was blown away by the terrifying energy.

No, it was more accurate to say that he was blown into cosmic dust!

Even with the protection of the Immortal World, nothing could stop Huang Xiaolong’s fist!

In front of the giant fist that tore through the Mortal World, he was nothing more than a fly!

Ye Zhaolong and the others could see that after eliminating Liu Bing, the giant fist continued on its way into the spatial tunnel leading to the Immortal World. Countless restrictions lit up in the tunnel as immortal energy tried to stop the giant fist from flying onwards.

It was too bad the immortal energy was nothing more than mere decoration that glowed a pretty color. It was shattered in an instant.

Ten thousand miles… Twenty thousand… A million miles…

The giant fist continued onwards and went straight towards the end of the tunnel.

The restrictions nearing the end were the strongest, and even a Heavenly Immortal would find it impossible to fight his way through. Even so, the restrictions were like bubbles that failed to stop Huang Xiaolong’s fist for even a microsecond.

Those standing around felt their jaws dropping to the ground. There was no way they could describe their feelings.

Everyone forgot what happened to Liu Bing instantly. Their minds were filled with the impossible feat of Huang Xiaolong breaking a hole through the tunnel.

The depths of the path to the Immortal World were bleak and dark. No one could see its end, but under the illumination of Huang Xiaolong’s punch, they saw every inch of the tunnel.

Boom!

After going in god knows how many miles, it finally slammed into the entrance to the Immortal World.

The collision resulted in an explosion akin to the explosion of a billion suns. The seal that stopped anyone from ascending was blasted into oblivion.

The heavens trembled and the earth shook.

Even though there were countless miles separating them from the end of the path, they could feel the world-shattering strength contained in the collision.

After they blinked, the seal that stopped them from ascending was no longer present. Rays of golden light fell from the end of the tunnel into the Mortal World.

The path to the Immortal World was blasted wide open!

Ye Zhaolong felt the blood draining from his face as his legs went soft. He might have guessed that Huang Xiaolong had surpassed a Heavenly Immortal, but he didn’t think that Huang Xiaolong would be able to blow the path towards the Immortal World right open! He once imagined Huang Xiaolong opening a tiny little crack in the seal after struggling for a long time. They would enter the Immortal World through the tiny crack when that happened and that would be the end of it!

Now, he wasn’t staring at a crack in the seal…

He was staring at a massive f*cking hole!