Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3372: Arrogant B*stard

“Oh? Ascended from Earth?!” Huang Xiaolong was shocked.

The Mortal World was massive. Other than the Silver River Star System, there were many other star systems. Anyone who broke through would be able to ascend to the Immortal World, and it was nearly impossible to meet anyone who came from the same region.

“Yes. I heard that the Shushan Immortal Gate was called the Shishan Sword Sect on Earth.” Wang Jingwen continued. “The old ancestor of the Shushan Immortal Gate is a legendary figure in the region. He was completely helpless when he ascended, and he had no backing of any sort! It was even said that he served as a guard in the manor of one of the lords of the Misty Immortal Country!”

“However, he possessed exceptional talent. His cultivation speed was far beyond what anyone expected. He entered the Golden Immortal Realm in several thousand years, and he created the Shushan Immortal Gate. After tens of thousands of years of improvements, they turned into the strongest faction in the region!”

A look of reverence could be seen on Wang Jingwen’s face.

In tens of thousands of years, a tiny faction managed to stand at the peak of an entire region! It was nothing short of a legend! There was no one who could replicate what he did in such a short amount of time!

Soon after, Huang Xiaolong asked them about matters regarding the Immortal World.

Wang Jingwen might know matters regarding their Northern Dragon Region, but he had no idea what went on outside it.

All he learned was that spiritual stones were used as currency in the Immortal World.

Naturally, there were holy spiritual stones above spiritual stones, but they were extremely rarely seen. Dao stones came after that. Ordinarily, only Combined Dao Ancestors would possess treasures like that.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t have any holy spiritual stones on him, but he had an endless amount of dao stones.

In the Huang Long and Blazing Dragon World, god knew how many treasuries were plundered by Huang Xiaolong. He had too many grand dao spiritual veins in the Sun Moon Furnace!

If he sliced up the smallest and weakest grand dao spiritual vein, he would be able to obtain hundreds of thousands of low-grade dao stones!

As for those of the highest quality, he might be able to obtain billions of top-grade dao stones.

“Zhang Pu challenged you to a deathmatch in a month?” Huang Xiaolong asked.

Wang Jingwen stared at Huang Xiaolong in stunned silence and he stuttered, “Yes… Yes he did.”

“Contact him. Change the battle to tomorrow.” Huang Xiaolong muttered.

Everyone present was shocked.

Tomorrow?!

However, Wang Jingwen realized Huang Xiaolong’s intentions.

“Yes, senior, I shall contact him right now.” Wang Jingweng sent out the message instantly. Very quickly, Zhang Pu agreed.

Huang Xiaolong waved his hand casually at Yan Bao’er at the side and he gestured for the kid to approach. “Bao’er, I’ll head over to the Shushan Immortal Gate in two days. Do you wish to stay here, or do you wish to follow me there?”

Yan Bao’er stared at Huang Xiaolong silently as he was still confused by the sudden change in situation.

He didn’t think that an existence like the patriarch of the Wind and Lightning Immortal Gate, a being that was akin to a god in his eyes, would be bowing respectfully to Huang Xiaolong! The man even called Huang Xiaolong his senior!

As for the Northern Dragon Region, Shushan Immortal Gate, and the other names, it was the first he had heard of them.

“I… I am willing to follow Immortal Huang over to the Shushan Immortal Gate.” Yan Bao’er hesitated for a second and said respectfully. “I hope Immortal Huang will allow Bao’er to stay by your side.”

He might not have heard of the Shushan Immortal Gate, but he could tell that it was much stronger than the Wind and Lightning Immortal Gate from what they said earlier.

Glancing at Yan Bao’er in admiration, Huang Xiaolong nodded. “Alright. You shall follow me to the Shushan Immortal Gate.”

Yan Bao’er was too talented. He would only be restricted if he remained in the Wind and Lightning Immortal Gate.

It would be much more appropriate for him to receive tutelage in the Shushan Immortal Gate. Moreover, he would be taught by the old ancestor of the Shushan Immortal Gate which was much stronger than anyone in the Wind and Lightning Immortal Gate.

“Senior, I have already arranged for a banquet. Do you think…” Wang Jingwen gestured respectfully.

“Let’s go. I wish to try the Immortal Jade Whale Essence of your Immortal World.” Huang Xiaolong chuckled before turning to Liu Huang, “To be honest, I’m extremely curious about its taste.”

“I’ll have to thank Your Highness for allowing me to get a chance to taste something like that.” Liu Huang laughed.

In the Immortal Origin Village, Yan Shiming hosted the two of them to the best of his abilities but there was really nothing much they had to offer.

The banquet lasted for more than an hour, and Yan Bao’er was extremely awkward as he sat beside Huang Xiaolong.

Night was falling when the banquet ended.

“Senior, I have already arranged for your quarters.” Wang Jingwen said respectfully.

“There is no need. We plan to stroll around the place.” Huang Xiaolong waved his hand casually.

“I am really familiar with the area. Let me bring you around.” Wang Jingwen followed up.

Nodding slowly, Huang Xiaolong didn’t reject the other party’s gesture.

However, he didn’t bring too many people along. Wang Jingwen was the only one who followed them.

When they left the main camp of the Wind and Lightning Immortal Gate, they entered the city and started their adventure around the place.

Even though Wang Jingwen was the patriarch of the Wind and Lightning Immortal Gate, he rarely showed his face in public. Not many people recognized him and they managed to walk around the place without drawing much attention to themselves.

In the distance, the two female disciples who ridiculed Huang Xiaolong for being a frog in a well outside the city were discussing about the battle between Wang Jingwen and Zhang Pu.

Liu Yan, the female disciple who was addressed as ‘young lady’, wasn’t just a core disciple of the Snow Forest Immortal Gate. She was the direct disciple of one of the eminent elders!

The other was called Liu Keke.

“What is going on? Why did their battle shift forward?” Liu Yan frowned.

Zhang Pu immediately spread the word that the battle was moved forward the moment Wang Jingwen contacted him. As such, many people knew about the battle.

“I heard that Wang Jingwen was the one who suggested the change!” Liu Keke shook her head. “Wang Jingwen isn’t Zhang Pu’s opponent at all! Is he planning to hasten his death?!”

The two of them looked at each other in confusion.

“Young Lady, that… That looks like the guy we ran into earlier.” Liu Keke spotted Huang Xiaolong all of a sudden.

Liu Yan frowned slightly. “Seems like it.”

Huang Xiaolong also noticed the two.

“Heh, isn’t this the arrogant little immortal emperor? Who would have thought that you would dare to step foot into the city!” Liu Keke sneered the moment she saw Huang Xiaolong. She couldn’t explain it, but she had a bad impression of Huang Xiaolong the moment they met.

“Immortal emperor?” Huang Xiaolong raised an eyebrow in surprise. “Even if the celestial emperor meets me, he’ll have to kneel respectfully. Why wouldn’t I dare to appear in the city?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)