Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 339: Absorbing the Ghost King Dan

Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu were dumbfounded.

That shocking power just now... God Realm?!! It was the power of a God Realm master! Both of them were high-level Saint realm warriors, and not the average Tenth Order Saint realm either, yet facing against the surge of power, both Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu could not even summon the courage to resist.

The only explanation for this was a God Realm master’s power!

By this point, every inch of Huang Xiaolong’s skin looked like it was doused in red blood. From his eyes to his neck, down to both arms, red fiendish patterns snaked underneath the surface of his skin, looking extremely grim and horrifying. The entire time, the agonizing pain continued to attack Huang Xiaolong internally.

Huang Xiaolong clutched at his head, his hoarse voice howling in pain.

Watching this, Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu exchanged a glance, both leaped toward Huang Xiaolong, wanting to pull his arms away from his head, and at the same time, attempting to suppress the terrifying energy wreaking havoc in Huang Xiaolong’s body. But when they came in contact with Huang Xiaolong’s arm, they were once again flung away by the overwhelming power inside Huang Xiaolong’s body. This time, both were repelled much farther, slamming into the walls of the Xumi Temple.

It took some effort for Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu to get back on their feet.

All of a sudden, Huang Xiaolong’s anguished howls stopped. Watching Huang Xiaolong, Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu saw a red flame spread over him, wrapping Huang Xiaolong’s body like a layer of protection. When this red flame emerged, Huang Xiaolong’s meridians and flesh, that were damaged by the invading power, started to heal. As the red flame burned, a layer of thick callous membrane formed on the surface of Huang Xiaolong’s skin.

Similar to a phoenix’s nirvana, reborn from the ashes, Huang Xiaolong’s body started to exude a throbbing vitality. The glaring red devil patterns under his skin gradually receded and dissipated.

Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu looked at each other with shock at the baffling change happening before their eyes. But before they could relax, the red devil patterns resurfaced, accompanied by the scary power’s return. Huang Xiaolong started to howl from pain, clutching his head.

A short while later, the burst of vitality appeared once more.

The red devil patterns disappeared.

The process repeated for a total of ten times.

After the tenth time, the red devil patterns truly subsided, while the vitality continued to radiate from Huang Xiaolong’s body, vigorous, abundant, so powerful that both Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu lacked the vocabulary to describe the atmosphere.

Although he was standing there, Huang Xiaolong gave off the feeling that he was a different person altogether.

Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu exchanged another doubtful glance, cautiously moving closer to Huang Xiaolong.

“Sovereign, are you alright?” Zhao Shu asked, observing carefully Huang Xiaolong’s expression and movements.

Huang Xiaolong looked over, those scarlet eyes looking at them actually caused Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu to shudder when meeting them. However, very quickly, the scarlet redness in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes receded.

“I am fine.” Huang Xiaolong shook his head. He endured it!

Recalling the purgatory torture he experienced, a cold shiver ran through Huang Xiaolong involuntarily. In the last hours, his meridians were ravaged, shattered, and then healed, time and again. This was more horrendous and harrowing than being skinned alive.

“Sovereign, are you... really alright?” Zhang Fu stepped up beside Zhao Shu, asking for confirmation once more.

Noticing the concern in Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu’s eyes, he smiled, “I’m alright, what could happen to me?” Not only there was no problem with his body, it felt even better than it had ever been.

Coming out from that ordeal, he noticed two things: his battle qi cultivation broke through to the peak of half-Saint, and second, the true essence in his dantian enhanced by leaps and bounds. His overall physical defense greatly surpassed the level of an average Saint realm warrior.

Seeing Huang Xiaolong’s expression that carried a resemblance to his normal self, both Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu’s hanging hearts finally relaxed.

“Sovereign, that power earlier...?” Zhao Shu asked.

“Most likely a vestige of power that the Ghost King imbued into the ring when he refined it.” Huang Xiaolong pondered the question and replied Zhao Shu.

Although it was merely a weakened strand of power left behind by the Ghost King, it nearly obliterated Huang Xiaolong. If it weren’t for his strong willpower and passable spiritual force, with both black and blue dragons protecting his soul, he would have lost himself in the pain, dying in the process.

“The Ghost King’s strength actually reached such a terrifying level!” Zhang Fu lamented with envy.

A small amount of power that the Ghost King imbued into the Ghost King Ring many hundreds of thousands of years ago was enough to gravely injure them both, they could only try to imagine the extent of the Ghost King’s true strength. If it weren’t for the fact that a long time had passed, lessening the power, just now Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu would have ended up with more than simple grave injuries.

Subsequently, Huang Xiaolong gave each of them a drop of Geocentric Buddha Elixir. Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu expressed their thanks and Huang Xiaolong sent both of them out of the Godly Mt. Xumi. Taking their leave, both went into closed-door practice to heal.

After both had left, Huang Xiaolong began to look through the items inside the Ghost King Ring. Spreading his spiritual sense inside, what he found was a blood ocean!

Hovering above the blood ocean were a number of ghosts, but the strange thing was, instead of an intense ghost aura, these ghosts emitted a peaceful golden radiance. From those ghosts’ bodies, Huang Xiaolong caught whiffs of vague fragrance.

The fragrance of spirit pellets!

Huang Xiaolong instantly understood, those large ghosts hovering above the blood ocean were all Ghost King Dans! The Ghost King Dans that had taken shape! Furthermore, each Ghost King Dan manifestation had reached the Saint realm in cultivation. Although none reached mid or high-level, they were still stronger compared to giant ghost Feng Yang, averaging at late-First Order Saint realm.

Excited, Huang Xiaolong took one of the Ghost King Dan manifestations out from the blood ocean. The instant the ghost was out of the spatial ring, detecting Huang Xiaolong’s presence, it lunged toward him without hesitation. Huang Xiaolong sneered, with a simple wave of his palm, he sent the ghost flying back.

If Huang Xiaolong was still a peak late-Xiantian Tenth Order, he would have needed to exert a little more effort to subjugate this Saint realm ghost, but now, it was effortless. Huang Xiaolong caught up with the ghost in a flicker, an Earthen Buddha Palm struck accurately on the ghost’s body. It’s body flew out in a different direction.

Without any suspense, a short while later, the ghost surrendered, its body shrunk in size until it was a thumb-sized round pellet. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The pellet was claret red in colour, with a lustrous gloss over the surface, projecting a vague shadow from within, the shadow of the ‘ghost’ earlier.

Not wasting any time, Huang Xiaolong sat crossed-legged within the Ten Buddha Formation as he swallowed the pellet. Abundant surging energy filled Huang Xiaolong like great waves, spreading throughout his limbs and body. Huang Xiaolong concentrated all his effort into refining and absorbing the energy from the Ghost King Dan.

As he progressed, his Qi Sea started to evolve. The liquid battle qi in his Qi Sea began to condense like it was about to solidify, resembling diamond, reflecting soft sporadic glints of metallic golden.

The three mandates above Huang Xiaolong’s Qi Sea were also shining with the same golden glints.

Strands of fiendish aura floated out from Huang Xiaolong’s body, but they were quickly swallowed by the Ten Buddha Formation.

Two days and three nights later, Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes. Finally, he had fully absorbed one Ghost King Dan.

“So it’s like this!” Huang Xiaolong exclaimed to himself.

After refining a Ghost King Dan, Huang Xiaolong finally understood why this legendary Ghost King Dan was said to be capable of helping half-Saints and peak half-Saints in breaking through to Saint realm.

Breaking through to the Saint realm was highly dependent on one’s battle qi cultivation and would be hard to achieve, nearly impossible. At the same time, one must have certain space law comprehension, and this Ghost King Dan contained the Ghost King’s enlightenment towards the space law. Refining and absorbing a Ghost King Dan would enable one to springboard on the Ghost King’s space law comprehension, therefore greatly increasing one’s chances of breaking into the Saint realm.