Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3408: Suppressing Rulai

From what they could remember, Rulai was the beacon of light in the Immortal World. As he sat atop his golden lotus, buddhist light would fill the skies and he would suppress all evil. No one had ever seen Rulai injured!

The concept of him vomiting blood was even more far-fetched.

Now, Rulai’s sorry state was carved deep into the minds of everyone present.

When they turned to look at Huang Xiaolong once again, they noticed that the Dharma Prayer Beads were filled with cracks.

A chill ran down their spine.

That was a supreme artifact used by the Buddha Ancestor! How could anyone break it with their bare hands?!

If Huang Xiaolong were to get his hands on anyone present, wouldn’t they pop like a bubble if he squeezed them with his hands?!

Huang Xiaolong ignored their looks as he walked towards Rulai.

A look of fear could be seen on the Buddha Ancestor’s face as he struggled to get to his feet.

“I’ve said it before. If you try anything else, I won’t care about Hong Jun when I deal with you.” Huang Xiaolong’s voice was icy and he continued, “I always keep my promises.”

“You… What do you want?!” Rulai’s face changed.

Could he be trying to…

No. Rulai didn’t believe Huang Xiaolong had the ability to do so.

“Like I said before. I’ll kill you.” Huang Xiaolong’s voice rang through the skies.

Death!

The word was like heavenly thunder as it boomed in Rulai’s ears.

Those standing around couldn’t help but feel their legs going soft.

He actually planned to kill the Buddha Ancestor!

No one would think that anyone would dare to utter such words.

That was because no one was Rulai’s opponent! Even among the six sages, he was an unbeatable existence! The only person who could kill any one of them would be Hong Jun!

However, he was their master, and it wasn’t possible for him to do something like that!

Lao Zi and the others looked at each other, and they saw the look of shock in each other’s eyes.

“Fellow Cultivator Huang, you do not have much of a grudge with my junior brother. Why don’t we call it at that.” Lao Zi eventually stood out and tried to persuade Huang Xiaolong, “Even though my junior brother made the first move, he has already sustained serious injuries.”

Nuwa stood out and continued, “I hope fellow cultivator Huang can show some mercy.”

The hearts of the various experts present thumped.

“Alright. Since Goddess Nuwa has spoken, I will allow him to live.” Huang Xiaolong nodded.

Huang Xiaolong wasn’t making an exception because of her looks. However, he had always been respectful of her.

“However, he will be punished even if manages to escape death. He suppressed Sun Wukong under the Five Finger Mountain in the past. I shall do the same to him. For the next one hundred million years, he shall be suppressed under the Five Finger Mountain!” Huang Xiaolong tossed out his new and improved Five Finger Mountain after he spoke. It turned into a giant mountain range and crashed down on Rulai.

Even with his strength, he couldn’t move a muscle.

“Buddha Ancestor!”

The experts of the western continent screamed in unison. They wanted to save Rulai, but they realized that they couldn’t approach the mountain. They were sent flying by a shocking force before they could get close.

No one could approach a hundred thousand miles of the Five Finger Mountain.

Everyone stared at the mountain with shock in their eyes.

They didn’t understand when the Five Finger Mountain became so strong. It was able to suppress the Buddha Ancestor, and it could stop the advances of experts at the level of Maitreya and the Bodhisattvas.

The more they looked at the Five Finger Mountain, the more they discovered that something was off..

“That’s… That’s the power of Rulai’s talisman!”

How in the world did Huang Xiaolong fuse the talisman into the mountain?!

The Queen Mother of the West and the others were shocked to discover the change. They were terrified to discover that someone managed to combine the two treasures!

Not even the strongest experts of artifact refinement like Lao Zi and the Lord of Primal Beginnings were able to do something remotely close!

After Huang Xiaolong suppressed Rulai, he made his way over to the Myriad Treasures Dao Master and the Golden Spirit Goddess.

When they saw him walking towards them, they didn’t know what to do. It was especially so for the Myriad Treasures Dao Master. He was cursing Huang Xiaolong just a second ago.

The Lord of Primal Beginnings couldn’t help but speak up when he noticed Huang Xiaolong’s actions. “Fellow Cultivator Huang, why do you have to make things difficult for several juniors?”

“I’m here to look for the Pangu Sword. The Heaven Piercing Sage has it, and I’ll leave as long as they tell me where he is.” Huang Xiaolong muttered.

The Lord of Primal Beginnings shook his head. “If that is so, you should look for the Heaven Piercing Sage.”

Huang Xiaolong’s expression sank when he heard what the Lord of Primal Beginnings said. If he could look for the Heaven Piercing Sage, why would he look for his students?! “If you stand in my way, I’ll suppress you under the Five Finger Mountain too.”

The Lord of Primal Beginnings felt anger burning in his heart as the weapon in his hand started to buzz. However, he chose to retreat eventually and the buzzing stopped.

His weapon was the Three Treasure Ruyi, and it was given to him by Hong Jun. It was extremely powerful, but he knew that it wouldn’t allow him to stand up to Huang Xiaolong. Even Rulai, with all his treasures, failed to cause a scratch on Huang Xiaolong! He knew that it would be in his best interests to avoid clashing with Huang Xiaolong.

The Myriad Treasures Dao Master fell to his knees when he saw his only protector making way. He started to kowtow as he screamed, “Senior Huang, my master travels the land, and I have no idea where he went! Please… Please spare my life!”

A frown formed on Huang Xiaolong’s face, but the Golden Spirit Goddess spoke before Huang Xiaolong could say anything. “My master should be in the Devil World right now.”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Huang Xiaolong and the rest stared at her in shock.

“Heaven Piercing Sage… Is he really in the Devil World?” Huang Xiaolong asked.

“Yes. My master left for the Devil World a little while ago. However, none of us know why he went there.”

Reaching towards the two of them, Huang Xiaolong dragged them over and searched their memories. He discovered that they were telling the truth.

“Devil World…” Huang Xiaolong muttered as he left on the Holy Phoenix.

Seeing as Huang Xiaolong was planning to leave, Sun Wukong grabbed every single immortal peach that was above nine thousand years old. The Queen Mother of the West was enraged, but she couldn’t do a thing about it.

When Huang Xiaolong and gang finally disappeared from their sights, everyone heaved a sigh of relief. It was as though a giant rock was lifted off their hearts, and they seemed to have returned from the depths of hell.

“Master isn’t here right now… If only he was, Huang Xiaolong would definitely piss his pants!” The Lord of Primal Beginnings growled.

Everyone nodded silently.

“Let’s join hands to see if we can save our junior brother!” Laozi spoke all of a sudden.

“Alright!” Nuwa and the others agreed.

As the sages approached the Five Finger Mountain, they brought out every single treasure in their arsenal. Even after using all their strength, they failed to do a thing. The power of the six words of truth shattered their attacks, and they were forced to retreat.

Not a single person could keep calm when they noticed that the Buddha Ancestor was really going to be suppressed for the next one hundred million years.