Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 3438: God of Creation?

As for the formations and traps laid down by the five powers, he couldn’t care less.

With his strength, he could deal with the experts stationed there without alerting anyone else.

Several months later…

It didn’t take long for Huang Xiaolong to arrive in the Dao Emperor World.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Stepping into the Dao Emperor World once again, Huang Xiaolong’s felt a wave of emotions washing over his heart. When he entered the Dao Emperor World with the sixth princess of the Extreme Heaven Celestial Empire, he was nearly killed by Fu Luosen and Huang Shengdao. Luckily for him, the old dragon had intervened and saved his life.

Now that he was back, he summoned the Huang Long Armor and the Huang Long Cape. He hid in the cracks of space, and he started soaring through the void.

With his comprehension of the power of space at the perfection stage, ordinary God of Creation Realm experts might not be able to discover his presence when he used the two creation artifacts.

Half a day later…

Huang Xiaolong approached the Dao Emperor Treasury.

Since the treasury belonged to the Dao Emperor, it went without saying that it was located in the Dao Emperor Palace.

Initially, the Dao Emperor had laid down countless formations to hide his dao palace. However, Huang Shengdao had managed to open it with the Dao Emperor Sword, and the palace could no longer be hidden from the world.

Despite the fact that it was no longer hidden, the energy contained in the palace was strong enough to stop most intruders.

Releasing his dao souls, Huang Xiaolong soon located the experts who were hidden around the palace.

“They really sent a lot of people over…” Huang Xiaolong sneered.

Even though it had already been a long time since the World of Departed Souls disappeared, the number of experts sent over by the five factions increased by the year!

According to the old dragon’s investigation in the past, there were fifty thousand experts stationed around the Dao Emperor Palace.

Now, there were a hundred thousand of them.

The number of experts doubled.

Out of the hundred thousand present, there were more than thirty supreme beings who had comprehended all thirteen elements to perfection level!

Every single one of them could wield grand cosmos energy, and they possessed no less than a hundred million units each!

The strongest person there had already accumulated 1.2 billion units of grand cosmos energy! It was someone sent by the True Dragon Celestial Empire, and the Huang Long Bloodline in his body was extremely dense!

Huang Xiaolong was slightly taken aback. He didn’t expect there to be such a powerful expert in the True Dragon Celestial Empire. With his strength, he could be said to be at the peak of the Dao Venerable Realm! With his power, he was stronger than Huang Dinghai, the Celestial Emperor of the True Dragon Celestial Empire!

One had to know that Huang Dinghai had only accumulated slightly more than 1.1 billion units of grand cosmos energy.

The difference between the two was like the difference between heaven and earth.

It seemed as though the True Dragon Celestial Empire was hell-bent on capturing the culprit. They actually sent so many people out to the dao palace!

Even so, Huang Xiaolong was in no rush to take action.

Since the five powers were planning to capture him when he opened the final seal, he would ensure that none of them were left alive.

As his body started to flash about in space, he started to lay down an innate dragon formation around the palace. Next, he threw down countless powerful formations around the palace.

After setting down more than a dozen formations, he started to attract the attention of the expert of the True Dragon Celestial Empire.

“Who’s there?!” A voice boomed through the air, and the space around him started to crack. It was as though a God of Creation had descended.

His yell alerted the members of the five superpowers, and Huang Xiaolong eventually appeared before them.

He held the Huang Long Twin Blades in his hands, and it was time for him to hunt!

“Huang Xiaolong!’

His appearance roused a whole new level of commotion. As his apprenticeship ceremony with the Blazing Dragon was too highkey, there were too many people who recognized him.

The expert from the True Dragon Celestial Empire appeared from the void, and he glared at Huang Xiaolong. “As it turned out, it’s the Son of Creation of the Blazing Dragon World. Why did Your Highness come all the way here?”

The experts of the five factions started to reveal themselves. They surrounded Huang Xiaolong, and there was no way for him to escape. With a hundred thousand of them there, the aura they released could scare an ordinary dao venerable to death.

Huang Xiaolong ignored the question completely as he continued, “Who would have thought that the True Dragon Celestial Empire would possess an expert at your level? Regardless, all of you will be leaving your lives here today.”

The expert of the True Dragon Celestial Empire squinted at Huang Xiaolong before turning to stare at the space around them. “You… You laid down a formation to seal off this space!”

A trace of doubt formed in his heart. Why didn’t he notice anything?!

A frown formed on the face of an expert from the Excessive Darkness Celestial Empire. “Huang Xiaolong, who do you think you are? Do you really think you’re a God of Creation?”

His strength was slightly weaker than the expert from the True Dragon Celestial Empire. He was a cultivator with over 1.1 billion units of grand cosmos energy.

Huang Xiaolong glanced at the person who spoke. “You’re stronger than the Extreme Bliss Celestial Emperor, but even without entering the God of Creation Realm, I can still kill you. You’re nothing more than an ant in my eyes…”

Everyone stared at each other in shock.

“You… It was you!” the expert from the True Dragon Celestial Empire roared. He locked on to Huang Xiaolong and released his aura completely. The power of someone about to break into the God of Creation Realm was revealed, and the skies started to tremble. The formations laid down by Huang Xiaolong released countless rays of light, and they vibrated a little.

Huang Xiaolong disregarded the killing intent rolling off the man, and he chuckled, “That’s right. I killed the experts of your factions back in the World of Departed Souls.”

The Dao Emperor Sword appeared all of a sudden to revolve around Huang Xiaolong.

“Dao Emperor Sword!”

The faces of those present changed.

“Do it!”

“The old ancestor said that he wants him alive!”

The experts of the five superpowers attacked instantly. The skies shattered and the earth crumbled. It was as though the world was coming to an end as they launched their attacks on Huang Xiaolong. Even the grand dao had to make way for the combined strike of a hundred thousand experts at their level!

When the expert from the True Dragon Celestial Empire unleashed his attack, the power of reincarnation seemed to weaken. Life and death seemed to be under his complete control!

With their combined strength, even Huang Dinghai and Di Cangtian would be blown to bits!

Other than God of Creation Realm experts, no one would be able to withstand the blast!

Right before their attacks could slam into Huang Xiaolong, he finally responded! He no longer hid his strength, and grand cosmos energy filled the space around him.

One hundred million… two hundred million… Eventually, it reached a shocking 1.2 billion units!

The experts of the five factions were taken aback when they felt such power. When all of them thought that it would finally stop increasing, a beam of light emerged from Huang Xiaolong’s body.

1.3 billion!

As soon as they felt the final addition, the expert of the True Dragon Celestial Empire gasped in shock.

“God of Creation?!”