Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3441: Refining the Vortex World

 

“Master, relax…” Huang Xiaolong spoke to the Blazing Dragon.

After reminding Huang Xiaolong about some other things, the old dragon didn’t stay for long. He quickly returned to the Blazing Dragon World.

When the old dragon left, Huang Xiaolong headed towards the Universe Vortex.

The Universe Vortex was extremely far away from the Blazing Dragon World, and even with Huang Xiaolong’s speed, it took him dozens of years before arriving  

The Universe Vortex was basically endless, and when it spun about in space, space and time would be brought along with the flow. A frightening buzz roared in space and everyone in a billion-mile radius would be able to hear it.

After examining the terrifying power coming from within the Universe Vortex, Huang Xiaolong’s expression turned solemn.

The destructive power far surpassed the strength of a God of Creation who possessed 1.3 billion units of grand cosmos energy. Ordinary Gods of Creation would never be able to venture into the Universe Vortex.

It was no wonder the old dragon reminded him time and time again to be careful.

He was in no rush to enter the Universe Vortex. Instead, he examined it carefully. He discovered that the rotation of the Universe Vortex would slow down from time to time, and even though each interval was only several minutes long, it was more than enough for Huang Xiaolong to charge his way into the region.

A mysterious force would emerge from the center of the vortex when the rotation slowed, and Huang Xiaolong noticed that the energy was similar to that of the World of Departed Souls.

Even though he discovered the pattern of the Universe Vortex, Huang Xiaolong still chose to remain outside for some time. The restrictions around the Vortex World were too damn strong! Even if he charged into the Universe Vortex, he wouldn’t be able to enter the Vortex World. He could only wait for the restrictions around the Vortex World to disappear before making his way into it.

The World of Departed Souls would release its restrictions every one hundred million years, and the same had to be true for the Vortex World!Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Huang Xiaolong laid down countless restrictions around the Universe Vortex and the space around him before sitting down in the middle of space. He released the four Universe Origin Fires and started to cultivate.

With the Universe Origin Fires spinning around him, universe source qi flooded down from the void. It entered Huang Xiaolong’s body endlessly.

The wait lasted a hundred thousand years, and when Huang Xiaolong opened his eyes, he realized that the restrictions around the Vortex World showed no signs of weakening.

When that went down, the old dragon received news that Huang Sheng was planning to establish a great world of his own.

More than thirty worlds trembled at the news.

It was indeed something that could shake up the entire universe!

Huang Sheng had established his True Dragon Celestial Empire in the Blazing Dragon World countless years ago, and now that he wished to establish a great world of his own, he would have to restart from scratch!

Of course, there were benefits to creating his own world. The True Dragon Celestial Empire would be able to advance without any obstructions there, and Huang Sheng would be the only ruler of his world! He would no longer be restricted by the laws of the Blazing Dragon World!

When Huang Xiaolong received the message from the old dragon, his heart sank.

That wasn’t good news for him…

“Five hundred million years…”

According to the old dragon, Huang Sheng was probably planning to establish his great world after devouring Huang Long! As such, he would only have five hundred million years left!

In order to save his father, he would have to enter the large completion stage of the God of Creation Realm! That was the only way for him to possess more than 10 billion units of grand cosmos energy to challenge Huang Sheng!

In the past, Huang Xiaolong was confident that he would be able to surpass Huang Sheng with the time he had. The previous estimate was a billion years, and Huang Xiaolong was absolutely certain he could do it! Now, he had half the time.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the Universe Vortex spinning in front of him.

Like a hundred thousand years ago, the restrictions remained as strong as ever.

If he charged in with all his might…

A light flashed in his eyes. Huang Xiaolong had 3 billion units of grand cosmos energy, and he had a powerful physique. With the Huang Long Armor Set, Pangu Axe, and the Dao Emperor Sword. He might really have a chance of charging his way in.

However, there was also a possibility that he would suffer serious injuries from the backlash should he fail. The three worlds in his body might be seriously injured, and even if he did smash his way in, he might have to take some time to recuperate. It would definitely affect the time he took to refine the world.

Should I do it?

Huang Xiaolong started to hesitate.

Just like that, ten thousand years passed in the blink of an eye. When Huang Xiaolong was planning to barge his way in no matter the cost, the Universe Vortex stopped spinning in an instant. The restrictions around the Vortex World disappeared as though it was never there to begin with.

Staring at the Vortex World with his eyes wide open, joy filled Huang Xiaolong’s heart.

Pushing his speed to the limit, he appeared before the Vortex World in the blink of an eye.

The moment he appeared, the entrance to the world appeared. Huang Xiaolong didn’t hesitate to fly straight into it.

Sigh…

Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief when he finally entered the Vortex World.

The importance of the Vortex World to Huang Xiaolong was something he couldn’t describe.

Suppressing the joy in his heart, Huang Xiaolong circulated the Pangu World Creation Art and started to suck in the universe source qi endlessly. He flew towards the direction where the qi was the most concentrated, and it was exactly what he did in the World of Departed Souls! As long as he found the land of origin, he would be able to refine the Vortex World.

When that happened, he would be able to absorb the source of the world.

The Vortex World was larger than Huang Xiaolong ever imagined. It might be even larger than the World of Departed Souls! He only managed to locate the origin holy world after several years.

Looking at the origin, Huang Xiaolong felt the terrifying pulsations of universe source qi, and he sucked in a cold breath. 

As it didn’t hurt to be careful, Huang Xiaolong laid down countless restrictions around the origin holy world before he started the refinement process. The four Universe Origin Fires appeared and a sea of flames surrounded Huang Xiaolong.

Thirty years passed quickly, and Huang Xiaolong finally managed to refine the Vortex World.

The entire process was much smoother than he imagined.

Since he controlled the world, the only thing left to do was to absorb the universe spiritual qi it accumulated for countless years.