Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3442: God of Creation, Xuan Hai

Sitting in the heart of the world’s origin land, the four Universe Origin Fires revolved around Huang Xiaolong. The third world in his body started to emit rays of brilliant light as he circulated the Pangu World Creation Art.

The universe source qi fell from the void like a heavenly river.

Time slowly passed, and in the blink of an eye, a million years had gone.

The grand cosmos energy in Huang Xiaolong’s third world rose endlessly.

It didn’t take long before it broke through the 500 million mark barrier!

600 million…

700 million…

…

Rays of light covered Huang Xiaolong’s body.

The light illuminated the Origin Holy World as the sea of flames produced by the four Universe Origin Fires fluctuated wildly. They looked to be extremely happy as Huang Xiaolong became even stronger.

After 6 million years…

The third world finally broke through the 1.0 billionth mark.

If Huang Xiaolong went all out, he would be able to summon the power of 3.6 billion units of grand cosmos energy! Ordinary God of Creation Realm experts would only possess 3 billion units of grand cosmos energy when they entered the grand completion stage!

Even so, Huang Xiaolong didn’t stop there. He continued to grow stronger. After 800 thousand years, he reached the 1.1 billionth mark.

One million years later, Huang Xiaolong finally stopped cultivating.

“What a shame…” Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself.

His third world failed to break past the 1.2 billionth mark, and he was stuck at the final step!

No matter how reluctant he was to accept the result, that was the truth! Huang Xiaolong had no other way as he had already sucked the universe origin qi clean.

Getting to his feet, Huang Xiaolong released his dao souls to cover the entire world.

He was overjoyed to discover two universe-level spiritual veins.

They might not be a lot, but they were more than enough to push Huang Xiaolong through to the 1.2 billionth mark!

After obtaining the two spiritual veins, Huang Xiaolong refined them instantly.

He only left the Vortex World after several hundreds of thousands of years.

Since he broke through the 1.2 billionth mark, he was a small step away from finally reaching the 1.3 billion mark.

A light flashed in his eyes. If he refined Huang Dinghai of the True Dragon Celestial Empire, he would definitely be able to break through.

He turned into a streak of light as he returned to the Blazing Dragon World.

Along the way, he met Zeng Yin once again.

There were many experts of the Extreme Heaven Celestial Empire with her as they hunted down two massive universe beasts.

The only thing that shocked Huang Xiaolong was the ability of the beasts to last such a long time.

Their defenses were extremely sturdy, and not even the sixth princess could leave a mark on their skin!

On closer inspection, Huang Xiaolong discovered that the two beasts were using secret arts related to the Pangu World!

From how they acted, it seemed to be a combination of both the Pangu World Creation Art and the Nine Revolution Mysterious Art!

One had to know that both secret arts were created by Pangu!

Huang Xiaolong felt his heartbeat accelerate. Could they be related to Pangu?!

All these years, the old dragon had been searching for Pangu’s whereabouts. However, he failed to obtain any information at all! If the beasts were related to Pangu, they might know where he went!

Since that was the case, Huang Xiaolong no longer hesitated. He chose to make his move to save them from the members of the Extreme Heaven Celestial Empire.

A flash of light fell from the void just as they were about to catch up to the beasts. As the light blinded them temporarily, Huang Xiaolong brought the beasts away before they could react. By the time they opened their eyes, the beasts were already gone.

“What?! Hurry up and search!”

Zeng Yin’s expression fell.

The beasts were special, and they might have some relationship with Pangu. She had been tracking them for several years now.

…

After searching for half a day, the experts of the Extreme Heaven Celestial Empire gathered back together, empty-handed.

“Your Highness, the two of them might have already been saved by someone,” one of the experts reported.

Unwilling to accept the fact, Zeng Yin sent them out to search once again.

When that was happening, Huang Xiaolong stood in the skies above one of the random planets in the area. He looked at the beasts who were covered in a golden light. He didn’t waste time as he looked through their memories directly.

?!

Huang Xiaolong was right. They definitely had something to do with Pangu!

When Pangu was touring the universe, he met the two beasts, and they followed him for tens of thousands of years!

According to their memories, Pangu was heading towards the Xuan Hai World.

“Xuan Hai World?!” Huang Xiaolong frowned.

There were more than thirty worlds in the universe, and the Xuan Hai World was one of them that didn’t amount to much! It was probably ranked in the middle of all the great worlds, and the God of Creation who made the world, Xuan Hai, was equally as low-key. He might be a God of Creation, but he wasn’t someone who created huge waves.

A weird light shone in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

Half a day later, Huang Xiaolong charged straight towards the Xuan Hai World. Since they weren’t too far away, he was tempted by the chance of finding Pangu! He planned to take a look at the Xuan Hai world as he felt that Pangu’s disappearance wasn’t natural at all!

Xuan Hai might know something about Pangu’s disappearance!

In fact, he might be responsible for it!

Several months later, Huang Xiaolong arrived in the Xuan Hai World.

He quickly found the celestial emperor of the Xuan Hai Celestial Empire, Xuan Fang!

Xuan Fang looked at Huang Xiaolong with suspicion. “Are you looking for our old ancestor?” Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

In any case, Huang Xiaolong had long since changed his appearance. Xuan Fang would never discover his true appearance.

“That’s right!” Huang Xiaolong muttered as he released his aura. Even so, he only displayed 1.5 billion units of grand cosmos energy.

“God… God of Creation!” Xuan Fang’s expression changed when he felt the aura coming off Huang Xiaolong. He got to his feet and bowed respectfully.

“Is your old ancestor present?” Huang Xiaolong asked.

“Yes.” Xuan Fang replied respectfully. “Lord Creation, please wait for a moment while I make a report to the old ancestor.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded slightly.

Xuan Fang returned as quickly as he left the hall. He invited Huang Xiaolong over to meet with Xuan Hai. After crossing god knows how many different separate spaces, they finally arrived above a giant sea.

When Huang Xiaolong arrived, the entire sea started to tremble as it gathered to form a figure of an expert.

Huang Xiaolong wasn’t surprised at all. After all, Xuan Hai’s original body was formed from a drop of water! It was an extremely special drop of water born in the universe.

Looking at Huang Xiaolong, Xuan Hai tried to guess the kid’s identity.