Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3480: God of Creation!

Huang Xiaolong had been in the Yin Yang Road of Death for less than two hundred thousand years, but he had already entered the God of Creation Realm! It was the first time she had seen anything like it. Those who entered before would take millions of years before they broke through.

“Wait… That’s not right! How can his grand cosmos energy increase so rapidly?!” The pretty lady frowned in shock.

Ordinarily, one would only be able to generate grand cosmos energy after entering the God of Creation Realm! After all, the small world they created would slowly transform into a great world, and it should take some time. One would probably need hundreds of thousands of years in order to complete the transformation, but she noticed that Huang Xiaolong had already formed his great worlds the moment he entered the God of Creation Realm! Moreover, the grand cosmos energy he accumulated was rising constantly!

The speed of its increase was terrifying!

What in the world was going on?!

“Three great worlds… He actually managed to ascend to the God of Creation Realm with three great worlds!” Waves battered against her heart as she noticed how Huang Xiaolong increased his grand cosmos energy by more than ten thousand strands in several short days.

This…

If he keeps that up, wouldn’t he produce more than a hundred million strands of grand cosmos energy in a hundred years?!

When she broke through previously, she took several tens of millions of years in order to reach such a level.

Several dozen years passed as she continued to observe Huang Xiaolong. Finally, he started to slow down a little. Of course, that was relative to his speed in the beginning. He was still progressing rapidly.

After two hundred years, Huang Xiaolong’s grand cosmos energy increased by one hundred million units. Before breaking through, he had close to 3.9 billion units of grand cosmos energy. Now, he crossed the 4 billion mark.

Before Huang Xiaolong entered the Yin Yang Road of Death, he refined a lot of treasures in the Ice Palace and Dragon Cave. His continuous accumulation caused him to reach a terrifying level! He suppressed his cultivation when he arrived in the depths of the Yin Yang Road of Death to comprehend the power of life and death. It was no wonder his strength rose at an alarming rate the moment he broke through.

After three hundred years, he finally stopped.

Opening his eyes, a smile formed on his face. He finally broke through!

In the past, he comprehended the use of universe energy. However, he wasn’t a God of Creation. He was stuck at the peak of the Dao Venerable Realm for as long as he could remember, but now, he had finally entered the God of Creation Realm!

Stretching out his arm, Huang Xiaolong tugged slightly and universe energy poured down from above. He could control the universe energy much more easily now. In the past, he needed to exert some effort if he wished to utilize universe energy, but now, it became as easy as breathing!

With a single thought, universe energy poured down from above to form a massive river before him.

He tried to create his own creation art with the help of universe energy.

Now, he was a true God of Creation with his own great world!

Huang Xiaolong casually tapped the space before him and the great laws gathered on his fingertips.

Several days later, he finally lowered his arm. After several days of trial and error, he had much better control over his strength!

“It’s time for me to head back…” Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself as he looked in the direction of the exit.

It wouldn’t take long for him to return to the Blazing Dragon Universe.

Taking a single step, he appeared countless miles away from where he once stood!

After entering the God of Creation Realm, Huang Xiaolong could feel the laws of space and time much more clearly. His speed increased by countless times!

Even though the amount of grand cosmos energy he accumulated only increased by a hundred million units, his combat strength took a huge leap forward! He was on the losing end when Chong Wufeng, Shi Li, and Bei Ting fought him together, but now, he would be able to trash them easily!

That was how much he improved!

When Huang Xiaolong was traveling towards the exit of the Yin Yang Road of Death, energy fluctuations came from a corner of the Yin Yang Road of Death. Even though they were minute, Huang Xiaolong still managed to discover them.

“This…” Huang Xiaolong slowed down, and he was slightly taken aback. It seemed as though someone was also breaking through to the God of Creation Realm! Even though they laid down countless formations to protect them, a little bit of the power still leaked through. They might be hidden in a different space of the Yin Yang Road of Death, but Huang Xiaolong managed to lock onto them instantly.

Releasing his dao souls, he soared towards the expert who was breaking through.

He discovered the person in an instant.

Icy qi surrounded the man, but Huang Xiaolong felt a familiar aura coming from him.

It was the power that came from the Ice River World!

Huang Xiaolong recognized him instantly.

He was the Ice River King!

A sneer formed on Huang Xiaolong’s face. When he devoured the runes around the Ice Palace earlier, the Ice River King tried to stop him by sending all the beasts in the Ice River over. He wanted to disrupt Huang Xiaolong’s progress the best he could, but they were stopped by Long Yi and the rest.

Who would have thought that they would run into each other in the Yin Yang Road of Death?! Moreover, the Ice River King seemed to have successfully entered the God of Creation Realm.

Alright…

Huang Xiaolong’s figure flashed, and he appeared before the Ice River King instantly.

The Ice River King couldn’t be happier after breaking through to the God of Creation Realm, but he was shocked to discover someone standing before him.

When he saw Huang Xiaolong’s appearance, his expression changed. “Huang… Huang Xiaolong?!”Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

There was no way he wouldn’t recognize the monster of a man. He might not have shown his face in the Ice palace, but the Ice River King was observing Huang Xiaolong from the depths of space.

“Ice River King, I bet you didn’t think that we would run into each other here.”

The Ice River King’s expression sank. It was evident that he didn’t expect to meet Huang Xiaolong on the Yin Yang Road of Death. His excitement of breaking through was doused in an instant.

“Lord Huang Xiaolong, I didn’t expect to run into you here. Do you need anything from me?” The Ice River King forced himself to remain calm as a smile formed on his face. Plans to escape filled his mind.

He might have entered the God of Creation Realm, but he knew that he wasn’t strong enough to take a single hit from the monster before him.

Even Shi Li, a God of Creation at the large completion stage was cleaved in two by Huang Xiaolong’s axe!

“I have always been a vengeful b*stard…” Huang Xiaolong sighed. “I don’t think you would forget about the time when you commanded the beasts to lay siege on me back in the Ice Palace.”

The moment the words left his lips, blades of ice formed in the sky and shot towards Huang Xiaolong in an unending stream. Turning into a streak of frosty qi, the Ice River King made his escape.

Since he knew that there wasn’t any point in trying to take on Huang Xiaolong, he fled as quickly as he could!