Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3579 – Tao Family

When Tao Hang heard Huang Xiaolong’s question, he thought for a second and replied, “There seems to be an antique market in the northern part of town… It’s just a small street, and no one really goes there.”

“There should be several stalls that sell antiques there.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded and muttered, “Alright, we’ll head over there to take a look.”

Tao Hang bowed respectfully.

Even though he had no idea what Huang Xiaolong was doing, he could tell that Huang Xiaolong was looking for something specific after a month of shopping around.

Soon after, Huang Xiaolong left the residence with Tao Hang and the others.

Along the way, Tao Han’er smiled and bragged to Huang Xiaolong, “Lord, I learned the first move of the sword art you taught me!”

“Is that so?” Huang Xiaolong raised an eyebrow in shock.

The Myriad Dao Sword Art that he passed down to them was created by a God of Creation in the thirteen universes. Huang Xiaolong noticed that Tao Han’er had an affinity for sword arts, and he decided to teach her a little. Who would have thought that she would gain a preliminary understanding in a short month? Her talent was pretty amazing if Huang Xiaolong said so himself.

“Yeah! When we get back, I’ll show you!” Tao Han’er grinned.

“Sure.” Huang Xiaolong chuckled. “If you really managed to learn it, I’ll reward you with some delicious food.”

A light flashed in Tao Han’er’s eyes. “Are we going to eat Fire Bugs?”

“Of course.” Huang Xiaolong laughed. In the Star Dragon Universe, Starly was extremely fond of eating Fire Bugs and Huang Xiaolong reared some in the Sun Moon Furnace.

“Lord, you dote on Han’er too much…” A thankful expression was revealed on Tao Hang’s face. “We can never repay the Lord's grace…”

“It’s alright. This is the fate we share between us. Han’er is extremely talented in the sword arts, and she will definitely shock the Golden Sea Celestial Empire in the future.” Huang Xiaolong chuckled.

After all, Huang Xiaolong was teaching her personally! With a God of Creation with 17.4 billion units of grand cosmos energy as her teacher, it would be difficult to be mediocre.

Tao Hang thanked Huang Xiaolong profusely once again.

In the month that passed, Huang Xiaolong not only restored his meridians, he also passed down a set of martial arts to him. He provided an endless supply of grand dao spiritual herbs, and now, Tao Hang had already broken through to the First Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm. He solidified his foundations at the cultivation realm, and he felt as though he was living in a dream.

Huang Xiaolong continued, “Both you and Han’er are pretty talented. With my teaching, you will definitely be able to enter the Dao Venerable Realm in the future.”

Tao Hang felt his heart trembling slightly.

Entering the Dao Venerable Realm?

That was something he didn’t dare to dream of!

A Dao Venerable could create their own faction in the celestial empire, and that itself was an extraordinary feat!

Huang Xiaolong didn’t reveal to them the fact that they were learning creation-level techniques. They were destined to cross the Dao Venerable Realm to become a God of Creation in the future.

“Lord, are you for real? Are we really going to become Dao Venerables in the future?” Tao Han’er’s eyes sparkled. Even though she was young, she was extremely sharp. She had extremely good looks, and she was destined to grow up to be a country-toppling beauty.

Huang Xiaolong chuckled in amusement when he saw the expectant look on her face. “Of course I’m telling the truth.”

“Father, when we enter the Dao Venerable Realm in the future, we can take revenge for mother!” Tao Han’er smiled.

Tao Hang had a look of happiness on his face too. However, there was a slight desperation that flashed through his eyes.

“Revenge?” Huang Xiaolong asked.

Hesitating slightly, Tao Hang explained, “Before entering the Falling Water City, I was an inner disciple of the Tao Family in the Golden Sea City. I offended a core disciple of the family, and he shattered my meridians. In order to save me, my wife stopped them by sacrificing her life. I managed to escape, and I’ve been hiding in the Falling Water City ever since.”

“Several years ago, I met Tao Han’er by accident. Her parents were nowhere to be seen, and she agreed to be my foster daughter. Tao Han’er might not be my flesh and blood, but she’s accustomed to calling me her father.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded. Even without Tao Hang’s explanation, he could tell that they weren’t blood related. He was only slightly surprised to learn how Tao Hang’s injury came about.

Regardless, he had seen too many incidents where disciples attacked and killed members of the same family.

Tao Hang continued, “The core disciple of the Tao Family is called Tao Xinren. Even though he was only a Ninth Resurrection Primal Ancestor, he’s the grandson of an eminent elder in the family. The eminent elder managed to comprehend four elements to the perfection level! Even if I manage to enter the Dao Venerable Realm, it’s hopeless…”

A look of despair formed on Tao Hang’s face.

“Father, we might not be able to do it ourselves, but we can ask the lord to help us!” Tao Han’er quipped.

Shaking his head slowly, Tao Hang sighed. Huang Xiaolong’s strength might shock him, but the opponent they were facing was a Dao Venerable who had comprehended the elements! According to Tao Hang, there was no way Huang Xiaolong would offend an expert of the Tao Family for that small matter!

The Tao Family was one of the strongest families in the Golden Sea Celestial Empire! The old ancestor of the Tao Family was an expert who comprehended all thirteen elements to the perfection level! From his estimations, Huang Xiaolong was a Dao Venerable who had comprehended five elements to perfection level. Even if he could get rid of Tao Xinren’s grandfather, he wouldn’t be able to deal with the old ancestor of the Tao Family!

Huang Xiaolong remained impassive when he looked at Tao Hang. He chose not to reveal his true strength at that very moment. After locating the Universe Boat, it wouldn’t be too late to head over to the Tao Family to help Tao Hang set things straight.

A moment later, the three of them arrived at the street Tao Hang described.

Indeed, it wasn’t too busy. There were thirty stalls at best, and all of them looked worn down by the sands of time. Some of them had a thick layer of dust in front of their stalls, and no one could tell their stall name.

Huang Xiaolong entered the first stall without much fanfare.

From the outside, the stall was comparable to a rickety cart. However, the space contained inside was anything else but! It was massive, and there were countless artifacts strewn all about. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Seeing that he had customers, the owner of the stall was ecstatic. He ran up to Huang Xiaolong and introduced most of the products he had. He described them down to the last detail, including which Dao Venerable’s wife it belonged to!

Seeing that the Universe Boat wasn’t in the stall, Huang Xiaolong grabbed several random toys for Tao Han’er before leaving.

Entering the stalls one by one, Huang Xiaolong looked around casually. His dao souls were doing the actual work of locating the Universe Boat, but to no avail.

When he finally entered the ninth stall, Huang Xiaolong paused for a second and he looked at a jade hairpin before him. The hairpin might not be the Universe Boat, but it was definitely created by a God of Creation!