Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3580 – We Don’t Want It Anymore

In Huang Xiaolong’s eyes, the stalls were pretty much broken shacks no matter how large the space was within. Even so, they actually had something so precious! The hairpin might not be a creation artifact, but it was a top-grade dao artifact! To experts who were trying to comprehend the elements, it was a priceless treasure!

“How much for the jade hairpin?” Huang Xiaolong asked.

With his many years of experience, the owner of the stall could see that Huang Xiaolong was extremely interested in the jade hairpin. Seeing that there was a chance to sell a mere ornament to some rich upstart, a light twinkled in his eyes. “The hairpin was obtained by my ancestor in an immortal cave. The hairpin is made up of golden spiritual jade, and it’s extremely rare! It’s really well made too!”

Huang Xiaolong laughed and interrupted the owner before he could continue. “Tell me the price of the hairpin.”

“One million holy bills!” The owner of the stall stretched out a single finger and observed Huang Xiaolong’s reaction.

“What?! A million?! How can a mere hairpin cost a million holy bills?!” Tao Hang roared in fright.

“This isn’t any ordinary jade hairpin… My ancestor said that this is probably crafted by a Dao Venerable, and you’ll be buying it for a bargain for a million holy bills! If you really want it, I’ll give you a ten percent discount!”

Chuckling slightly, Huang Xiaolong tossed out a hundred dao coins to the owner of the shop. “I’ll take it at full price.”

Since one holy coin was equivalent to ten thousand holy bills, Huang Xiaolong didn’t care much about it.

The owner of the stall jumped with joy when he received the payment.

With the hairpin in hand, Huang Xiaolong was about to give it to Tao Han’er when a voice rang through the air. “The jade hairpin isn’t crafted by a Dao Venerable. It’s created by a Dao Venerable who has already comprehended several elements. It’s worth much more than that.”

The owner of the shop was stunned, and he looked at a young girl who just entered his shop. She was followed by an older lady, and the older lady seemed to be her bodyguard.

“Refined by a Dao Venerable who mastered several elements?!” The owner of the stall gasped.

If that was really true, it would be worth a hundred times the price!

“That’s right.” The young lady said. “It’s not made from Golden Spiritual Jade either. It’;s made from a grand dao treasure called Golden Silk Jade. The material alone is worth more than ten thousand dao coins.”

Golden Silk Jade!

The owner of the stall was dumbstruck.

“Looks like you were scammed by that young man.”

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but laugh. “Little lass, I came here to buy stuff. I paid whatever the owner wanted! Why would I be scamming him? He told me it was Golden Spiritual Jade himself. Please tell me how I scammed him.”

With a frown on her face, the young lady snapped, “Do you really think you would purchase it with a million holy bills if he didn’t say what? You can clearly tell how special the material is but you chose not to tell the owner. You’re obviously trying to trick him!”

Huang Xiaolong laughed. It seemed as though she wasn’t a person who listened to reason.

Before Tao Hang could speak up for Huang Xiaolong, she continued, “I’ll give you twenty thousand dao coins. Sell it to me.”

The owner of the stall felt his throat going dry.

Twenty thousand dao coins!

The price was much higher than what Huang Xiaolong paid! Anyone would be tempted by so much money! However, since he had already accepted Huang Xiaolong’s payment earlier, the item belonged to Huang Xiaolong.

From how Huang Xiaolong tossed out the money a moment ago, he knew that Huang Xiaolong was not someone he could offend too.

“Thirty thousand! I’ll pay you thirty thousand dao coins!” The young lady continued.

Thirty thousand!

Looking at Huang Xiaolong, a thought flashed in his head.

Huang Xiaolong sighed, “Little lass, this hairpin already belongs to me. Shouldn’t you be negotiating with me instead?”

Staring at Huang Xiaolong in silence, she glanced at the owner again before sneering, “I’ll buy it from you for forty thousand dao coins! You spent a hundred dao coins on it previously. You’ll earn a lot by selling it to me.”

An amused chuckle left Huang Xiaolong’s lips. “Did anyone tell you I’m poor? I don’t need your money.”

The young lady’s expression sank and she growled, “How much for the hairpin?”

“I won’t sell it no matter how much you offer.” Huang Xiaolong raised an eyebrow casually.

The older lady behind her locked on to Huang Xiaolong with her aura all of a sudden, and Huang Xiaolong looked at them like he was looking at clowns. “Are you planning to rob me now that your negotiations failed?”

He could tell that the young lady and the older lady were both Dao Venerables who had comprehended the elements. The older lady was an expert who had comprehended eight elements to grand perfection level, and she was evidently not someone from the Falling Water City.

Without Huang Xiaolong’s instructions, the three beasts waiting outside slowly got to their feet and glared at the two ladies.

When the older lady felt the subtle suppression coming from the three beasts, her expression changed drastically. “Young Lady, we have to leave!”

Afraid that the young lady would make a foolish move and offend the hidden expert before her, she turned to Huang Xiaolong and yelled, “We don’t want the hairpin anymore!”

Pulling the young lady’s arm, they left the stall in a hurry.

It didn't take long for the two of them to disappear down the street.

As the situation changed too quickly, the owner of the stall was too shocked to say anything.

Turning around, Huang Xiaolong tossed a bunch of grand dao spiritual stones to the stall owner. “You can have these grand dao spiritual stones as compensation.”

Receiving the spiritual stones, the owner stuttered, “Lord… I…”

Huang Xiaolong didn’t plan to drag things on and he placed the hairpin on Tao Han’er’s head. Telling her to keep it well, he decided to assist her in refining it after they returned. He continued to look at the other items in the stall.

The owner bowed after keeping the stones.

Right before Huang Xiaolong could leave the stall, he noticed a tiny object from the corner of his eye. It was a tiny boat that was hidden in an inconspicuous corner! It was the size of his palm, and it seemed to be an item weathered by the storms of time. Dirt and mud stained its surface, and the owner of the stall didn’t even bother cleaning it up.

Huang Xiaolong’s heart skipped a beat.

Could it be?!

Even at his level, Huang Xiaolong felt his heartbeat accelerating.

Even though he didn’t know if he was looking at the greatest treasure in the thirteen universes, he could tell that the tiny boat was something extraordinary. That was because he couldn’t tell what material it was made from! That point alone was enough to prove how special it was!

Grabbing the tiny boat in his hand, Huang Xiaolong felt the Universe Sphere thumping once in response.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m