Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 359: Dragon Palace

Huang Xiaolong stared lovingly at the thousand pieces of Dragon Blood Crystal on the four crystal pillars, he was elated, this trip truly was not in vain!

Even if he could not find any dragon eggs or other Dragon Clan treasures after this, just this loot of Dragon Blood Crystal was enough to help Huang Xiaolong enhance his strength a great deal! Moreover, just like the dragon egg, these Dragon Blood Crystal had the wondrous effect of improving his flesh further.

The last time Huang Xiaolong refined the Earth Dragon egg, his physical defense and strength soared. After he absorbed these thousand Dragon Blood Crystals, he could only imagine the horrifying extent that his flesh and strength would rise to.

Just thinking about it made Huang Xiaolong’s breath quicken. In a flicker, he appeared next to one of the crystal pillars. Each crystal pillar was about a hundred zhang tall, Huang Xiaolong resembled a grain of sand standing next to such a colossal crystal pillar.

Now, he had to think of a way to remove the Dragon Blood Crystals from the pillars. It would take far too long to do it one by one, especially with the many experts trailing behind him entering the Dragon City and finding this place, just like him. Hence, Huang Xiaolong did not have much time.

Pondering for a moment, Huang Xiaolong them leaped up with the Blades of Asura in his hands. With a few waves of his hands, the hundred zhang crystal pillar was cut into ten sections, each section ten zhang long. With this, Huang Xiaolong transferred everything into the Asura Ring.

He decided to collect all four pillars first, he would take his time to separate them from the pillar after leaving the Dragon City. In a short time, the remaining three crystal pillars were also slashed into ten by Huang Xiaolong and kept into the Asura Ring.

When all was done, Huang Xiaolong was secretly relieved. However, he did not immediately leave, instead, he walked towards the golden throne seat in the middle of the great hall.

A golden throne with the height of ten zhang, carved in an intricate five-clawed golden dragon. When Huang Xiaolong was dealing with the four crystal pillars, he sensed a strong dragon breath from this golden throne, stronger than the four crystal pillars!

A very powerful aura!

Huang Xiaolong walked closer to the throne seat, but what baffled him was, whether on the throne or around it, there was nothing that could be considered a Dragon Clan treasure, prompting Huang Xiaolong to open his Eye of Hell. When the Eye of Hell’s red glow shone on the golden throne seat, Huang Xiaolong was stupefied. Hidden underneath the five-clawed golden dragon throne was the entrance to another space!

That overpowering dragon breath came from there. This!

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes lit up bright as he carefully checked the golden dragon throne. If there was an independent space, one had to use a spatial transfer array to enter.

Moments later, Huang Xiaolong’s gaze fell on the golden dragon throne itself, his fingers trailing along the places that might trigger the spatial array’s activation. Just when Huang Xiaolong’s finger touched the dragon pearl in the five-clawed golden dragon’s mouth, rays of golden light burst out from underneath the dragon throne. A sudden suction force enveloped Huang Xiaolong, and in a blink, the view changed before his eyes, arriving above a large sea.

Looking at the sea below his feet, Huang Xiaolong hesitated a second before diving in, heading to the bottom. Several hundred meters below the water surface, Huang Xiaolong saw an underwater crystal palace that was built from a material unknown to him. The crystal palace occupied a ten-mile radius of land.

It didn’t take him long to reach the crystal palace entrance.

“Dragon Palace.” Huang Xiaolong raised his head, reading the words on the sign hanging above the palace gates, inscribed with the words ‘Dragon Palace’.

“This, could it be the place where one of the Dragon Clan’s strong experts cultivated?” Huang Xiaolong was surprised.

He had read many ancient manuscripts, it was recorded that only the Dragon Clan’s elders’ palace was eligible to be called Dragon Palace, while the Dragon Emperor’s palace was named Imperial Dragon Palace.

Recovering from his shock, Huang Xiaolong grinned with glee. He didn’t expect to run into a powerful Dragon Clan Elder’s cultivation space.

In the ancient times, every Dragon Clan Elder was a God Realm Master, their status was undeniably high, not to mention authority. Since this was a Dragon Clan Elder’s personal cultivation space, then there had to be a lot of good stuff inside!

Excitement surged in his heart as he flew into the Dragon Palace, arriving at the main hall.

In the middle of the main hall was a pill furnace, the surface of the furnace cover was carved with five golden dragons facing the pentagon corners of the furnace. In the ancient times, most masters would have their personal pill furnace for refining pills. Last time, Huang Xiaolong also found a black pill furnace in Eminent Holiness’s dwelling place.

Huang Xiaolong circled the golden dragon furnace, stopping at the other side where a jade cupboard was placed. On top of the cupboard, a dozen jade bottles were neatly arranged. Each bottle was individually marked.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes strayed toward one of the bottles, exclaiming in surprised: “Sky Dragon Pill!” The name marked at the bottom of this bottle was actually Sky Dragon Pill!

According to legend, the Sky Dragon Pill was a unique divine grade pellet belonging to the Dragon Clan. Swallowing a Sky Dragon Pill could not only enhance a person’s cultivation, it also enabled a person to possess the power of a Sky Dragon, raising one’s physical power by leaps and bounds.

Huang Xiaolong swallowed nervously, his eyes shifted to the bottle beside it. On the second bottle, it was marked: Divine Dragon Pill.

“Divine Dragon Pill!” Huang Xiaolong was shocked once again.

Divine Dragon Pill was a grade higher divine pellet compared to Sky Dragon Pill, if there were enough Divine Dragon Pills taken, the human body could evolve continuously, comparable to having a Dragon Clan expert’s terrifying defense power and strength.

Water Fire Dragon Pill, Reverse Dragon Pill, Golden Jadesea Dragon Pill, Dragon Buddha Pill, Blazing Gold Dragon Pill...

Glancing down at the subsequent markings, each jade bottle contained a legendary Dragon Clan pellet that was said to have been lost for many millenniums. Reading the names one after another, even Huang Xiaolong felt his heartbeat quicken.

These little bottles lined up in this cupboard, any of them appearing outside was enough to cause a bloody storm. Without a shred of hesitation, Huang Xiaolong put all of the bottles into the Asura Ring. The last item Huang Xiaolong found in the jade cupboard was a pill refining secret art called Gold Dragon Pill Refinement Tactic.

Gold Dragon Pill Refinement Tactic!

In the Martial Spirit World, whether it was pill refinement or weapon refinement methods, both were extremely scarce. Each and every one was a treasure in itself, especially the higher ranked skills, hence, judging from another aspect, this little manuscript was a more valuable treasure than the pellets Huang Xiaolong collected.

Because those pellets would be gone once taken, but with this pill refinement method, as long as he managed to gather the ingredients, he could definitely refine those pellets. The manuscript also entered the Asura Ring. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Next, Huang Xiaolong searched other places around the palace, but what stumped him was that other than those pellets and the pill refinement manuscript, there was nothing else.

After confirming that the place was really empty, Huang Xiaolong took the golden dragon pill furnace away and exited the Dragon Palace, back to the initial hall with the dragon throne seat.

“I wonder how Zhao Shu, Duan Ren, and the rest are faring...” Huang Xiaolong thought. He leaped up, continuing to search for other treasures.

While Huang Xiaolong was treasure hunting, Chen Tianqi, Li Molin, and the other groups of experts finally broke through the undead bone dragon’s defenses and entered the Dragon City.

Stepping into the Dragon City, Chen Tianqi led his Asura’s Gate subordinates and started to search for treasures. Some time later, they came to the same triangle-shaped building where Huang Xiaolong found the Dragon Blood Crystals.