Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3586 – Towards the Golden Sea City

FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The origin energy of the universe filled the eye of the formation. It was much higher in quality compared to pure spiritual energy, and it was at an indescribable level.

Peak-level universe spiritual veins possessed pure spirit qi, and it was the best quality anyone could obtain. However, the qi around the formation of the Universe Boat was leagues ahead.

When Huang Xiaolong entered the space within the formation, he felt the mysteries of the universe surrounding him. They were like tiny little golden dragons that swam around him. If not for his powerful dao souls, he might not have discovered them.

Huang Xiaolong continued to walk towards the eye of the formation as joy filled his heart.

There were three layers to the formation in the Universe Boat. Since Huang Xiaolong had only completed the initial refinement process of the treasure, he could only open the first layer of restrictions. The more he cultivated in the formation and understood the mysteries of the universe, the faster he could open the second layer.

Sitting down on the eye of the formation, Huang Xiaolong circulated the Soaring Dragon Art, Blazing Dragon Grand Art, and Pangu World Creation Art. The energy around the formation charged towards him in a frenzy and they poured into the three great worlds within his body. They slowly turned into grand cosmos energy.

A day passed just like that.

Huang Xiaolong noticed that the universe source energy was much easier to refine than spiritual energy from universe-level spiritual veins, and they were much more beneficial to him. He also understood more about the universe after a night of cultivation.

Even though it had only been a day, Huang Xiaolong’s understand became much deeper. It was as though he had stepped into a whole new realm.

Sitting there like before, Huang Xiaolong didn’t move as he devoured even more energy. He continued to comprehend the universal laws.

He immersed himself completely in cultivation, and several dozen thousand years passed in a flash.

The universe source energy in the first layers was completely absorbed by Huang Xiaolong.

He only stopped when he noticed that the grand cosmos energy in his body broke through the 18 billion units mark. There were also subtle changes to the grand cosmos energy and they emitted faint golden light.

The golden light made Huang Xiaolong think of the middle aged man who possessed 12 billion units of grand cosmos energy beside Zhu Qiming.

The middle aged man was also able to wield grand cosmos energy that emitted faint gold light.

Huang Xiaolong’s heart trembled. Could the middle aged man also have absorbed universe source energy?! That was the only reason that could cause an evolution in his grand cosmos energy.

However, Zhu Qiming’s status was evidently much higher than the middle aged man. Despite that, Zhu Qiming’s grand cosmos energy hadn’t experienced a transformation.

If a lackey could absorb universe source energy, Zhu Qiming should be able to too!

Huang Xiaolong quickly denied the possibility. The middle-aged man definitely didn’t experience a transformation after absorbing universe source energy. After all, it should only exist in the Universe Boat, and there was no way it could appear anywhere else in the thirteen universes!

No longer bothering with the problem, Huang Xiaolong racked his brains to think of a way for the Universe Boat to produce more of such energy.

The first layer of the formation probably accumulated a large amount of universe source energy after a long period of time. However, all of them were sucked clean by him during his years of cultivation.

He couldn’t possibly leave the Universe Boat alone to accumulate more energy for several millions of years…

Turning to the eye of the formation, he could see a trace of universe source energy emerging every few minutes or so. If that was the case, there wouldn’t be much even after several hundred years! He would be able to refine them in the blink of an eye.

As his brows became tightly knit together, Huang Xiaolong thought for a long time before he realized that energy probably came from the operation of the formation. There had to be some sort of power source it was drawing on, and he quickly threw a creation level pill at the eye of the formation.

The eye of the formation burst with golden light, and the pill disappeared. Several hundred strands of universe source energy filled the air.

With happiness blooming in his heart, Huang Xiaolong discovered how the formation worked.

Soon after, he started doing several experiments and he chucked tons of herbs, spiritual veins, and universe level treasures into the eye of the formation. He discovered that only universe-level herbs and creation pills were able to produce universe source qi. As he no longer had universe-level spiritual veins on him, he could only use grand dao spiritual veins in his experiments. That was probably the reason behind the spiritual veins being useless.

If he could use universe-level spiritual veins, the effects would be much greater.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the universe source energy that surrounded him, and a bitter smile formed on his face. He might have learned how the formation worked, but the price was too damn steep! A high-grade creation pill could only produce several hundred strands of energy, and he could refine it in less than an hour!

By the looks of it, ten pills would only be enough to supply his cultivation for a single night!

Where in the world was he supposed to get so many creation level pills?!

After all, creation level pills were on a different level compared to grand dao pills!

Creation level herbs might be easier to find compared to the pills, but the effects were much worse! Even if he substituted the pills with herbs, the cost would be astronomical!

Huang Xiaolong continued to cultivate for several months in the formation, and the creation pills he had on him were completely exhausted. He left the formation and kept the Universe Boat before emerging from his room.

This time, he entered seclusion for nearly a hundred thousand years! The moment he emerged, he discovered that Tao Hang had entered the Fourth Resurrection Primal Ancestor Realm, and Tao Han’er had entered the high-level True Saint Realm!

Tao Han’er had matured into an absolute beauty after a hundred thousand years, and the cute little kid from before was nowhere to be seen.

Tao Hang and Tao Han’er were overjoyed to see that Huang Xiaolong had left seclusion.

“Lord!” The two of them bowed respectfully.

Nodding slightly, Huang Xiaolong chuckled, “Your progress is much faster than I had expected.”

Of course, they could never hide their improvements from Huang Xiaolong.

Smiles formed on their faces.

“This is all because of the five beast lords…” Tao Hang sighed respectfully. He finally got an inkling of how terrifying the five beasts really were.

A sweet smile formed on Tao Han’er’s face. “Father is right! If not for the teaching of the five beas lords, we won’t be able to progress so quickly!”

Huang Xiaolong asked about everything that happened during his seclusion, and he quickly declared, “Pack your things. We’re leaving.”

“We’re leaving the city?”

Huang Xiaolong muttered, “That’s right. We’re going to the Golden Sea City!”