Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 362: Entering the Dragon Tomb

Huang Xiaolong looked at the stone stele, doing his best to suppress the swelling excitement in his heart. He found the location of the Dragon Tomb, but the question now was how to get in.

Huang Xiaolong studied the stone stele up and down, his intuition told him that the stone stele was the key to opening the entrance to the Dragon Tomb. However, on this stone stele, other than two tiny characters ‘Dragon Tomb’ at the bottom, there were no other signs or writings. He couldn’t even figure out what material the stone stele was made of, as it was warm to the touch, smooth, and comfortable.

To Huang Xiaolong, this stone stele felt as if it was alive, it was a very strange feeling.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong’s gaze once again fell onto the two small characters at the bottom of the stone stele. An idea struck him, summoning the Blades of Asura to cut a small wound on his index finger. A bright red drop of blood fell from Huang Xiaolong’s finger onto the two engraved characters.

The drop of blood vanished without a trace the instant it touched the stone stele and dazzling rays of light burst out from the two ‘Dragon Tomb’ characters, the stone stele trembled slightly. Seeing this, Huang Xiaolong’s excitement bubbled forth, squeezing another drop of blood onto the stone stele.

The light from the stone stele grew brighter as it shook more vigorously.

As Huang Xiaolong fed more and more blood to the two words, the stone stele became glaringly bright, shaking even more violently. When Huang Xiaolong dropped more than twenty drops onto the stone stele, a loud dragon roar resounded. Crepuscular rays of light shone out from the stone stele, enshrouding Huang Xiaolong in a continuous rotation. Then, in a flash of light, the scene before his eyes changed as he was transported to a mountain range.

In the mountain range before him stood a huge towering tomb.

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t find words to describe exactly how big this tomb was. Standing before this awe-inspiring sight, one would feel dwarfed in more than one way. Huang Xiaolong was astounded as he looked at the Dragon Tomb. Three to four hundred zhang above the ground, white clouds circled the top, obscuring the real height from prying eyes.

Then, Huang Xiaolong noticed that those white clouds were actually condensed from long accumulated dragon aura!

After a Dragon Clan expert’s demise, the dragon essence within its body would be dispersed to the surroundings. Evidently, this thick dragon aura was dragon essence that dispersed outward from these experts’ bodies. Still, to be able to condense this level of dragon aura, one could imagine the terrifying extent of dragon essence in the clouds.

Huang Xiaolong’s heart moved, this was dragon aura accumulated for centuries long, ah, if he could absorb it, to what extent could his cultivation enhance?! However, at the moment he didn’t have the luxury to stay here and refine the dragon aura clouds.

Huang Xiaolong called out the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, leaping as high as he could while activating the Thousand Demons Engulfing Destruction Array inside the Thousand Beast Cauldron. Instantly, like a whale gulping water, the dragon aura white clouds circling the Dragon Tomb’s peak flowed into the Linglong Treasure Pagoda-like galloping currents.

Despite exerting his full effort to push the Thousand Beast Cauldron, the amount of dragon aura accumulated over centuries was too much for Huang Xiaolong to transfer everything into the cauldron in a short time. It took a whole hour before he managed to absorb the abundant dragon aura into the Thousand Beast Cauldron. When the last strand of dragon aura disappeared into the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, Huang Xiaolong breathed in relief; suppressing the ecstasy inside, he quickly returned the Linglong Treasure Pagoda into his body.

When all was done, his attention turned toward the Dragon Tomb’s entrance. Since he had collected all the dragon aura, next would be exploring the Dragon Tomb. However, forbidden places such as tombs, most of them were heavily guarded with bans, thus Huang Xiaolong did not rush in. Opening the Eye of Hell, he cautiously examined the Dragon Tomb’s entrance.

When Huang Xiaolong advanced to Saint realm, his spiritual force increased by leaps and bounds. Combined with the Eye of Hell, as long as he was careful enough, he could see through most curses and spells in place. Through the Eye of Hell, Huang Xiaolong indeed found a certain ban placed at the entrance, and this ban actually covered every angle of the Dragon Tomb entrance, making it harder to break in!

A frown wrinkled Huang Xiaolong’s brows, then he summoned the Godly Mt. Xumi, appearing in the Xumi Temple in a flash. To break this level of ban relying on his current strength was impossible, his only reliance was the Godly Mt. Xumi at this point.

He activated the Ten Buddha Formation, shrinking the Godly Mt. Xumi to the size of fine dust and floated toward the Dragon Tomb entrance. With the Godly Mt. Xumi, Huang Xiaolong passed through safely without any suspense.

The moment the Godly Mt. Xumi reached the other side of the entrance, majestic waves of true dragon essence energy submerged the little golden mountain, as if it dove into a vast ocean of dragon essence energy.

Huang Xiaolong was dumbfounded.

Although separated by the Godly Mt. Xumi, he still felt the terrifying wave of true dragon essence. Inside this Dragon Tomb, the dragon essence was too abundant, moreover, it felt like it had a consciousness, to be able to initiate an attack on its own!

If it weren’t for Huang Xiaolong possessing the Godly Mt. Xumi and advancing into the Saint realm, he would definitely be injured the instant he tried to rush in through the entrance by force.

Cautiously, Huang Xiaolong guided the Godly Mt.Xumi to fly forward, weaving through the ocean of true dragon essence toward its source.

This Dragon Tomb was like a small world, although he already guessed that this Dragon Tomb is big, it wasn’t until he entered that he realized that it was many times bigger than he had imagined. Flying forward, the Godly Mt. Xumi was like a tiny boat floating in an endless sea.

While Huang Xiaolong moved closer to the source of true dragon essence, outside, in the Dragon City, Li Molin, Yao Shan, and the rest arrived at the same square where Huang Xiaolong found the stone stele to enter the Dragon Tomb.

“Dragon Tomb!” Li Molin stared joyfully at the two words at the bottom of the stone stele, her eyes sparkling with joy.

“Dragon Tomb, haha, so the Dragon Tomb is actually here!” Yao Shan laughed aloud. The other Deities Templar experts also showed an anticipative smile.

Dragon Tomb! Tomb of the Dragon Clan experts, they finally found it!

“According to ancient records, in order to open the Dragon Tomb, one only needs to use the blood of Saint realm experts and above.” Zhou Zheng said.

“Let me try.” Li Molin stepped up, cutting a wound on her finger, letting her blood fall onto the stone stele. Almost immediately, a bright light burst forth from the stone stele. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

A short while later, Li Molin’s group was transported to the entrance of Dragon Tomb, arriving at the same place where Huang Xiaolong was before.

At this time, inside the Dragon Tomb, Huang Xiaolong persistently maneuvered the Godly Mt. Xumi through the ocean of true dragon essence, getting closer to the source. An hour later, Huang Xiaolong arrived before a towering dragon palace.

The dragon palace Huang Xiaolong found earlier was already huge, yet compared to the one in front of him, it was trivial. This was the source of the overwhelming true dragon essence ocean inside the Dragon Tomb.

Huang Xiaolong stopped before the entrance.

“Dragon God Palace!” Reading out the three words above the huge dragon palace.

Suppressing the excitement in his heart, Huang Xiaolong once again used the Eye of Hell to scan the surrounding before carefully moving forward with the Godly Mt. Xumi, entering the Dragon God Palace.

Inside, the scene that welcomed Huang Xiaolong blew his mind away.

Inside the majestic great hall of the Dragon God Palace, huge altars lined up, and above every altar was a crystallized ice statues. Inside these crystal statues were divine dragons!

Each and every divine dragon was extremely life-like! These divine dragons were not sculptures, but actual corpses of genuine Dragon Clan experts left behind!