Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 363: Dragon Pearl

Staring at the twenty-something Dragon Clan experts’ bodies in crystal statues, Huang Xiaolong’s breathing grew heavy.

Dragon Clan! These were all real dragons, ah!

In the past, when he was on Earth, the dragon was a mystical totem of Huaxia Country. In the hearts of its people, dragons held an insurmountable status.

It was a long time before Huang Xiaolong managed to calm down a little, his sight falling onto the center altar in the great hall. The center altar was much bigger compared to the others, yet on that center altar, there was a single fist-sized pearl hovering above it. The vigorous true dragon essence outside originated from this little pearl.

Looking unblinkingly at this pearl, a lightning thought struck Huang Xiaolong, “This, could it be the legendary Dragon Pearl?!”

Dragon Pearl! The Dragon Clan’s greatest treasure!

Only the Dragon Emperor could possess the Dragon Pearl, moreover, there was only one Dragon Pearl!

This Dragon Pearl was more valuable than any amount of dragon eggs, Dragon Blood Crystals, and Divine Dragon Pills, even these real dragon experts’ bodies! Otherwise, it wouldn’t be called ‘treasure of the Dragon Clan’.

Maneuvering the Godly Mt. Xumi, Huang Xiaolong approached the Dragon Pearl.

The Dragon Pearl emitted a faint golden halo. Inside, there seemed to be the shadow of a divine dragon, but it was too hazy to determine. When the Godly Mt. Xumi was in front of the Dragon Pearl, the golden halo emitted from the Dragon Pearl shone into the Xumi Temple, enveloping Huang Xiaolong. He felt as if he was bathing in dragon essence fluid, from outside to inside, from soul to flesh, an indescribably comfortable feeling filled Huang Xiaolong, making him moan.

At this point, the black and blue dragon martial spirits inside Huang Xiaolong stirred, flying out of Huang Xiaolong’s body, hovering above the Dragon Pearl. Influenced by the black and blue dragon’s atmosphere, the Dragon Pearl’s brightness increased, issuing long humming noises, and actually flew towards the black and blue dragons, circling the air together.

While the Dragon Pearl flew around the black and blue dragons, Huang Xiaolong noticed the dragon scales on both of them becoming shinier, the horn on their head grew longer, and the dragon might emitted from them became stronger. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

At this point, Huang Xiaolong tried recalling the twin dragon martial spirits back into his body. He watched as the black and blue dragons flew back towards him and the Dragon Pearl followed, stopping in front of Huang Xiaolong. The Dragon Pearl gave Huang Xiaolong a familiar intimate feeling, akin to reuniting with a long-lost family.

“From now on, follow me.” Huang Xiaolong spoke.

A soft hum came from the Dragon Pearl, moving up and down as if nodding.

The Dragon Pearl was the Dragon Clan’s great treasure, Huang Xiaolong did not find it strange that it had intelligence. A treasure of this grade, unless it willingly followed someone, even a God Realm master would be helpless trying to take it away by force.

Watching the Dragon Pearl move up and down, Huang Xiaolong’s heart leaped with joy. He extended a palm out, and the Dragon Pearl flew onto Huang Xiaolong’s palm. Even as he looked at the Dragon Pearl in his palm, Huang Xiaolong could hardly rein in the elation he was feeling.

In the end, he put the Dragon Pearl away into the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, he would refine it after going out. Huang Xiaolong then shifted his attention onto the crystal statue on the center altar, since the Dragon Pearl was on the same altar, then without a doubt, this was the body of the Dragon Emperor.

This particular crystal statue sealed the body of a five-clawed golden dragon corpse, the Dragon Emperor’s body. Although the Dragon Emperor was dead, Huang Xiaolong was still able to feel the vestige of its majestic momentum when it was alive.

Calming down the messy thoughts in his head, a suction force came from both his hands, planning to take the Dragon Emperor’s body into the Godly Mt. Xumi. But Huang Xiaolong was flabbergasted, the crystal statue didn’t move one inch. At that time when Huang Xiaolong took the Great Dragon Saber, though it was as heavy as a mountain, he still managed to lift it up, but he didn’t even shake this ice statue. Giving Huang Xiaolong a feeling akin to an ant trying to move a great boulder.

Taking a deep breath, Huang Xiaolong initiated the true essence energy from his dantian and a suction force once again came from both of his hands. Finally, the giant crystal statue moved, but then again, it merely moved. To Huang Xiaolong, it was like he was carrying a mountain.

At this time, a thought struck Huang Xiaolong, quickly removing all the sixty over grade one spirit stones from the spatial ring he got from Ao Baixue. He placed ten grade one spirit stones inside the Ten Buddha Formation in one go.

The Ten Buddha Formation broke out in a resplendent light, strands of Buddhism energy surged into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

He made another attempt, the powerful suction force once again coming from his palms, but this time, the crystal statue was instantly lifted in the air and transferred into the Xumi Temple, placed at one side.

After the crystal statue went into the Xumi Temple, Huang Xiaolong felt as if all the energy in his body was drained empty, falling to his butt in the Ten Buddha Formation, panting heavily out of breath.

Huang Xiaolong quickly swallowed a pellet and executed Instant Recovery to replenish his energy. Having recovered, his attention shifted onto another altar. He had taken the Dragon Emperor’s corpse, so his next target was the Dragon King’s corpse and the Elders.

A powerful suction force once again surged out from Huang Xiaolong’s hands, the crystal statue on the left side flew up a little and was immediately transferred to the Xumi Temple by Huang Xiaolong.

The first crystal statue on the left was a Tuo Dragon. In the Dragon Clan, the Tuo Dragon had a very high status, otherwise it wouldn’t be placed so close to the Dragon Emperor.

Staring at the two large crystal statue of the Dragon Emperor and the Tuo Dragon inside the Xumi Temple, Huang Xiaolong was severely out of breath. Transferring these two crystal statues into the Xumi Temple was more exhausting than battling a high-level Saint realm expert.

Huang Xiaolong swallowed another pellet and executed Instant Recovery to recover as fast as possible. Huang Xiaolong once again wanted to draw Buddhism energy from the Ten Buddha Formation, but the ten grade one spirits stones crumbled, all the spiritual energy within depleted.

Ignoring the ache in his heart, Huang Xiaolong removed another ten grade one spirits stones and placed them at the center of the Ten Buddha Formation, providing a new wave of Buddhism energy into his body.

Huang Xiaolong moved on to the second altar on the left, lifting the crystal statue to the air and transferring it into the Xumi Temple. The second left dragon was a Buddha Dragon. Like the Tuo Dragon, the Buddha Dragon had a very high standing within the Dragon Clan.

After successfully transferring this Buddha Dragon into the Xumi Temple, Huang Xiaolong was emptied out once more. Going through the same recovery process, Huang Xiaolong started on the fourth crystal statue.

The fourth, the fifth, the sixth!

Gradually, the number of dragon crystal statues inside the Xumi Temple grew in number.

When Huang Xiaolong was about to start on the twelfth crystal statue, from afar, whistling wind sounded from the entrance direction, causing his heart to tighten.

It seems there were already people who managed to break through the ban placed at the Dragon Tomb entrance, fast approaching the Dragon God Palace. Judging from the noise, it was quite a large number of people, moreover, each one was no weaker than himself.

Huang Xiaolong swiftly threw all the remaining grade one spirit stones to the center of Ten Buddha Formation, Buddhism energy broke out in angry waves. He quickly moved the twelfth crystal statue into Xumi Temple. Before he could start on the thirteenth crystal statue, the front area of Dragon God Palace shone in a dazzling bright light as a dozen people appeared.

“Li Molin!” Huang Xiaolong noticed that Li Molin was amongst the people who arrived.