Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3627 – Appearance of the Three God Halberd

Circulating the power of space, Huang Xiaolong tried to control the contortion around him. Instead of getting better, the world started to spin even faster around him.

Huang Xiaolong could only call out the Star Dragon Divine Tree when he discovered that he alone was powerless to stop it. With star dragon qi pouring out of the void, rays of light filled the space around him.

The star dragon light might be able to counter the illusory formations around the island, but they were completely useless in the Bewitchment Forest. The space around Huang Xiaolong continued to twist and turn, causing Huang Xiaolong to feel a little dizzy.

Signing, Huang Xiaolong didn’t panic. He started to fuse with the Star Dragon Divine Tree as countless roots pierced themselves into the cracks in space.

The Bewitchment Forest finally started to lose its momentum as the roots of the Star Dragon Divine Tree clamped the space around him into place. However, the spinning didn’t stop. Circulating his grand cosmos energy, a terrifying amount of star dragon qi formed a whole new world around him.

With brute force, Huang Xiaolong stopped the twisting of space.

When he was done, Huang Xiaolong heaved a sigh of relief.

If not for the Star Dragon Divine Tree, Huang Xiaolong might have to remain on the island for god knows how long!

A moment later, Huang Xiaolong used one of the branches of the Star Dragon Divine Tree to reach deep into the disneyland. It pierced through countless restrictions as it headed straight for the core of the island. Initially, Huang Xiaolong was only able to stabilize the space around him. As the branch entered deeper into the island, the entire region finally started to settle down. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

?!

As the branch continued to stretch towards the core of the island, Huang Xiaolong discovered a massive lake that was within the Bewitchment Forest! It was several tens of thousands of meters wide, and the water shone a deep blue. The surface of the lake was as calm as the surface of a mirror. Looking at it from afar, Huang Xiaolong nearly mistook it as a giant piece of sapphire!

After scrutiny, Huang Xiaolong discovered something strange about the lake. No, it was more accurate to say that there was something wrong with the water. It looked like ice created from the power of absolute frost, but it also looked like it was condensed from the power of absolute poison! Regardless, Huang Xiaolong was sure of one thing. The water was higher in quality compared to either! In fact, it was superior compared to some of the universe-level spiritual veins Huang Xiaolong threw into the Universe Boat!

How could there be a lake like that in the Bewitchment Forest?!

The quality of the spiritual water had exceeded Huang Xiaolong’s imaginations!

With his heart trembling slightly, Huang Xiaolong turned the branch that extended deep into the cracks of space. It became a massive pillar that silently sealed off the space around the lake. Using all his power, Huang Xiaolong created a seal that boasted unimaginable power!

The instant the space was completely sealed off, a massive explosion came from the middle of the lake. An object flew out from the depths of the lake as it smashed directly into the seal made by Huang Xiaolong using the Star Dragon Divine Tree.

Bang!

Trembling slightly, the star dragon light that formed the barrier around the lake started to fluctuate.

It was too bad Huang Xiaolong was completely prepared for any unexpected changes. After breaking through the 20 billion units mark, Huang Xiaolong was said to have reached a whole new level of strength! The object that emerged from the lake was sent flying back into the water.

When it smashed into the surface of the lake, Huang Xiaolong finally saw what it was! It was a halberd that was completely blue in color!

The giant halberd had three distinct runes carved into its body, and a terrifying light lingered on its tips.

A burst of joy filled Huang Xiaolong’s heart.

Indeed.

That was where the Three Gods Halberd was!

He finally located the universe treasure!

A guess formed in his mind the moment he saw the lake. However, he didn’t dare to confirm anything. Now, he was finally sure of it!

It seemed as though the Three Gods Halberd was tempering itself with the water from the mysterious lake!

Once again, the halberd charged at the seal.

A frosty light emerged from the tip of the halberd and it slammed into the light barrier above. Despite Huang Xiaolong’s accumulation of more than 20 billion units of grand cosmos energy, a giant hole was blown through the barrier.

Of course, the light barrier was the only thing that suffered. The Star Dragon Divine Tree remained completely intact.

In the blink of an eye, the hole closed up.

Seeing as it was unable to break the seal, the Three Gods Halberd seemed to fly into a rage. Rays of light surrounded its body as a terrifying aura started to fill the space above the lake.

Streams of spiritual energy rose from the lake to surround the halberd as the power it wielded continued to rise.

Buzz…

Once again, it tried to shatter the barrier.

How could Huang Xiaolong allow it to do as it wished? He was unable to react the first time, and he wanted to see the extent of its strength, allowing it to attack a second time. Now, it was time to subdue the weapon. Like an extension of his arms, the branch of the Star Dragon Divine Tree shot towards the halberd.

In the blink of an eye, the branch and halberd exchanged countless blows.

Again and again, the Three Gods Halberd was flung backwards.

“Big guy, I’ll advise you to give up. This is the Star Dragon Divine Tree you’re going up against. You can’t break through its defense.” Huang Xiaolong muttered. “It might not be a bad thing for you to take me as your master.”

He summoned the four Universe Origin Fires after speaking up to this point. With four divine spirits materializing in the space above the lake, their roars caused the world to tremble.

The Three Gods Halberd was able to control the power of water while the four origin fires could control flames. With enough heat, he could easily suppress all forms of water.

“I don’t just have the Star Dragon Divine Tree. The four Universe Origin Fires have also chosen me as their master.” Huang Xiaolong continued. “If that’s not enough to convince you, I am currently refining the Universe Boat.”

After he spoke, he summoned the Universe Boat. The might of the strongest universe treasure filled the space they were in immediately. When the Three Gods Halberd felt the aura of the Universe Boat, it stopped moving completely. It was as though it was afraid of the boat.

When Huang Xiaolong thought that it was finally about to give up, a burst of light emerged from the halberd as it charged at Huang Xiaolong’s dao heart.

Even though Huang Xiaolong had already fused with the Star Dragon Divine Tree, his dao heart was indeed one of his weaknesses.

It was too bad the halberd was stopped by the Universe Boat the moment it tried to move. The Universe Boat was like a massive mountain that blocked off every single route the halberd tried to take. An even stronger burst of light emerged from the Universe Boat and it sent the halberd flying.

When the Three Gods Halberd struck the Universe Boat, it didn’t even leave a mark!

As the sturdiest treasure in the universes, nothing was able to shatter its defenses!

Several days later…

Huang Xiaolong looked at the halberd in his hand in satisfaction.

After so many days, the halberd was finally willing to submit to Huang Xiaolong. Naturally, Huang Xiaolong had to beat it into submission.

He didn’t waste any time as he used the formations on the Universe Boat to crack open the defenses around the Three Gods Halberd before imprinting his dao soul brand on it.

“You’re a good weapon, but your temper is really nasty…” Huang Xiaolong sighed as he suppressed the halberd in the grand formation of the Universe Boat.

Since he didn’t wish to remain in the Bewilderment Island for long, he could only suppress the halberd before going back to refine it.