Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3678 – Something Happened!

When he approached the entrance of the Netherworld, the city started to shake violently. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

“What’s going on?”

Countless experts yelled in fright.

“It’s the Netherworld! Something happened there! Countless evil spirits are charging out of the entrance!”

“What?! Wasn't there a formation laid down by Lord Green Ghost at the entrance of every layer? How did they come out?!”

“Who knows?! The formation probably lost effect or something…”

Chaos broke out in the city.

The ghosts residing in the Netherworld were truly ferocious creatures. They were extremely bloodthirsty and vicious, unlike the ghost spirits that lived in the city! The ghost spirits that lived in the city were comparable to the human race! The ferocious ghosts that came from the Netherworld were a whole new level of horror.

Every single level in the Netherworld was vast and boundless, and the amount of ferocious ghosts contained in each one was uncountable! No one knew how many ferocious ghosts the eighteen levels of Netherworld contained, but legends had it that if every single ferocious ghost was released, they would drown half the Green Ghost Lands!

That was a massive region they were talking about!

Compared to the Limitless Lands Huang Xiaolong found himself in when he entered the Unknown Lands, the Green Ghost Lands was much larger! It was a terrifying idea for half the Green Ghost Lands to be overrun!

Huang Xiaolong’s gaze turned serious.

He could feel the shocking amount of yin ghost qi surging out of the entrance to the Netherworld and it was like an oppressive cloud that was surrounding the city.

How many ferocious ghosts had to appear before gathering so much yin ghost qi?!

It seemed as though the creatures had already emerged in the city! Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so much yin ghost qi in the air.

Yin ghost qi was different from the yin spirit qi that shrouded the Fengdu City. The effects of the yin spirit qi on the human body wasn’t rough at all. It was the yin ghost qi that had corrosive qualities on both the body and dao soul.

Weaker cultivators would be affected by the yin ghost qi and experience cultivation deviation, falling into madness.

Huang Xiaolong’s figure flashed and he appeared beside the entrance of the Netherworld.

The entrance to the Netherworld wasn’t large at all. It was several feet wide and several feet tall. Ferocious ghosts poured out of it endlessly and they had a terrifying appearance. All of them had blood-red eyes and they revealed their extended fangs. Just the sight of them caused many cultivators to be repulsed.

In fact, anyone who saw the scene would feel goosebumps all over their body.

The entrance to the Netherworld was naturally guarded by a huge army, but in the face of so many ferocious ghosts, they were quickly overrun.

Some of the soldiers who were guarding the entrance were swallowed by the ferocious ghost in a single bite. Some of them were torn to shreds and their inners were scattered all around.

The scene was terrifying to say the least.

Other than the great army that was guarding the entrance, experts had swarmed over endlessly. They tried to stop the advance of the ferocious ghosts, but it was clear that there were far too few of them to make a significant impact. The ferocious ghosts that escaped ran towards the city, and there were some that fled as far as they could.

Huang Xiaolong frowned and waved his hand once, summoning a sea of flames. The ferocious ghosts that had left the city blew up in flames and turned into ash instantly.

Even though Huang Xiaolong didn’t use the Universe Origin Fires, the ordinary flames he summoned were more than enough to take care of those creatures.

His action shocked the experts trying to hold the ferocious ghosts back.

Turning to stare at him in shock, they couldn’t believe their eyes.

One had to know that many of the ferocious ghosts who escaped possessed terrifying strength. That was the reason they managed to leave so quickly! Even though they didn’t possess grand cosmos energy, their strength was probably comparable to a God of Creation at the small completion stage! Even so, they were incinerated with a single gesture from the man who appeared out of nowhere!

When everyone was still stuck in a state of shock, Huang Xiaolong moved again. With a single punch, the space around the area distorted and countless ferocious ghosts fell.

Boom!

The Fengdu City trembled under his strength.

His attack blasted straight through the entrance to the Netherworld, killing every single creature trying to emerge.

It didn’t stop there. The energy wave swept into the depths of the first layer of the Netherworld, killing every single ferocious ghost within. It didn’t matter how strong they were! They were turned into a pile of black dust!

A loud boom eventually came from the depths of the first layer of the Netherworld.

The entrance to the Netherworld remained eerily silent after the single punch from Huang Xiaolong.

The jaws of those resisting the invasion dropped.

Wasn’t that attack a little too strong?

They might not know how many ferocious ghosts he killed with a single punch, but they knew that it was a horrifying number!

“What are you waiting for?” Huang Xiaolong snorted when he noticed their stunned expressions.

Snapping back to reality, the experts started to kill whatever leftover ferocious ghosts that were left.

Releasing a heart wrenching roar, the ferocious ghosts who remained leaped towards Huang Xiaolong without caring for their lives! They didn’t even care that there were other cultivators who were attacking them!

Huang Xiaolong simply pressed down with a single palm and a giant imprint formed in the air. When it slammed downwards, a giant crack formed in the earth.

Those standing around sucked in another cold breath. One had to know that the region around the entrance to the Netherworld was extremely solid. It was refined specifically to withstand the impact of a massive battle. Not even ordinary half-step Universe Gods could cause a single scratch to the ground.

Now, Huang Xiaolong created a bottomless ravine with a single slap!

Huang Xiaolong waved his hand once and countless runes flew through the air and planted themselves on the entrance to the Netherworld. The creatures who threatened to pour out were stopped.

Huang Xiaolong increased the intensity of the barrier in case anything went wrong.