Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3714: 29.9 Billion

A year passed uneventfully.

Throughout the year, Huang Xiaolong had been completing his task given by the members of the Universe First Race. However, the Star Refinement King failed to leave his palace even after such a long time!

Even if he did, it was to inspect their work.

Huang Xiaolong was in no rush. The Star Refinement King got them to capture another batch of slaves, and he would have to return to the Jade Sea Palace in order to bring them over. When that happened, Huang Xiaolong would take action!

Indeed.

Several years later, Bi Qing and the others brought another batch of slaves over to the Jade Sea Palace and the Star Refinement King left.

Huang Xiaolong only made his move a few days after the Star Refinement King was gone.

Without the Star Refinement King to hold down the fort, Huang Xiaolong quickly arrived before his palace.

Those who were in charge of the slaves had long since been controlled by Huang Xiaolong.

Before the guards in the palace could react, Huang Xiaolong suppressed all of them. He used a little bit of time to tear through the formation guarding the treasury before making his way into it.

Huang Xiaolong had seen countless treasuries in the past, but even if he added everything of worth from all of them, it wouldn’t compare to the Star Refinement King’s treasury!

The number of treasures kept within was something that shocked even Huang Xiaolong.

Treasures that could make the world outside go crazy were stacked high like massive mountains in the space within.

The treasury was like a great world that contained many smaller worlds. Every single inch of the space was filled with precious treasures, and there were even some that Huang Xiaolong didn’t recognize!

It seemed as though the treasury contained every single ingredient the Universe First Race needed to lay down the Extermination Formation.

Casually walking deeper into the treasury, Huang Xiaolong arrived at the core of the treasury. That was where the universe-level spiritual veins were held!

He was blasted by waves of universe spiritual qi when he arrived, and Huang Xiaolong felt his heart palpitating with excitement.

He could see that the area before him was larger than any holy world he had been to. The whole space was filled with the universe spiritual qi that was purer than anything Huang Xiaolong had felt before!

There were countless spiritual veins floating in the air and there were hundreds of top-grade spiritual veins drifting about!

Huang Xiaolong might have seen a lot of universe-level spiritual veins in the past, but that was the first time he was seeing hundreds of top-grade universe-level spiritual veins floating before him!

In the outside world, it would be difficult to locate even a single one!

Suppressing his excitement, Huang Xiaolong sucked in a cold breath.

The spiritual veins there were more than enough to allow him to break through to the next level!

The only thing left for him to do was to collect them all.

Even though the spiritual veins were branded by the Star Refinement King, it was only a matter of time before Huang Xiaolong wiped his soul brand away. Since it took them three years to arrive, the Star Refinement King would take six years to make a return trip! It was more than enough time for Huang Xiaolong to retrieve all the spiritual veins!

Without delay, Huang Xiaolong started on his new task.

It took him several days in order to cleanse the first one!

He was in no hurry to start on the next one. Instead, he retrieved a high-level universe-level spiritual vein from the Universe Boat and replaced it.

Even if the Star Refinement King returned, he wouldn’t be able to discover the difference.

When he was done, Huang Xiaolong started on the next vein. He repeated the process and disguised the second vein before putting it back.

The spiritual veins he used were lower-leveled ones he collected. They might not have any top-grade universe-level spiritual veins on them, but they had those of lower level!

Four years later, Huang Xiaolong kept all the top-grade universe-level spiritual veins in the Universe Boat.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

He nearly danced with joy when he saw his new stash. Leaving the treasury, Huang Xiaolong returned to the Snow Continent.

He planned to enter seclusion there to break through to the 29.9 billion mark! The only reason he chose to return to the Snow Continent was because of Pangu’s presence. If the Star Refinement King really discovered anything off, he would be able to grab Pangu before leaving the Universe Vault.

When he arrived, he entered seclusion immediately. He ordered Bi Qing, Yin Xue, Chi Feng, and Jin Long to take note of anything unusual.

Several hundred years passed in the blink of an eye.

It seemed as though the Star Refinement King was unaware of what happened as no one made a report to him.

Finally starting on his cultivation, more than six hundred thousand years passed.

Opening his eyes slowly, Huang Xiaolong eventually left the Universe Boat. Stretching slightly, he took a deep breath.