Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 451: This Roast Meat Is Not Bad

Huang Xiaolong was about to leave when the dispersing thunderclouds started to gather again. This time it was more violent, lightning lit up the sky as it streaked down like an angry python with jaws wide opened.

Compared to the previous lightning storm, this was another level on its own. Seeing this, Huang Xiaolong was delighted instead.

As if it had accumulated enough power, dozens of frenzied lightning strikes scorched the air, flying toward him.

Huang Xiaolong dashed to the air with both fists punched out.

Boom! Their collision caused a thunderous explosion in the sky.

“Haha, refreshing!” An exhilarated laughter came from Huang Xiaolong, eager for more.

Time continued to flow by.

Huang Xiaolong had lost count of the number of times he shattered the lightning streaks that targeted him, he knew that every time they scattered, the thunderclouds gathered again many times over. Daylight quickly turned into night.

At nightfall, the thunder and lightning that boomed and flashed in the canyon were several times more powerful than during the day, ribbons of lightning were now thick as pythons, exuding savagery and brutalness. The menacing destructive aura could be felt even outside of the canyon area, giving the nearby experts strong palpitations as they detoured away from the canyon.

The night passed quickly, and soon sunrise was peeking out from the horizon.

After clashing with the thunder for one night and one day, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t the least bit tired, in fact, he was brimming with energy like a fierce lion.

After an entire day and night of warring against the lightning, Huang Xiaolong noticed that there were tiny threads of pure lightning energy inside his dantian that continuously tempered his primal dragon physique.

Suddenly, Huang Xiaolong felt the Dragon Pearl on his brow tremble slightly.

‘This ...?!’

Several lightning streaks were aiming for Huang Xiaolong at this point, but in a bright flash of light, all the lightning was absorbed by the Dragon Pearl, which was then refined into a pure lightning energy that integrated into Huang Xiaolong’s primal dragon physique.

Huang Xiaolong was genuinely shocked.

‘What is happening here?!’

In a daze, another wave of a dozen lightning strikes came at him, and just like before, all of the lightning was swallowed by the Dragon Pearl, converted into pure lightning energy and integrated into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

From shock, Huang Xiaolong became dumbfounded.

However, he immediately noticed that the lightning energy was much purer after it was converted by the Dragon Pearl, easier for him to absorb and the effect was several times better.

Huang Xiaolong was overjoyed realizing the benefits, he didn’t expect there to be such a usage to the Dragon Pearl! Although he had refined the Dragon Pearl and it was part of his body, this whole time, Huang Xiaolong did not feel like he truly fused with the Dragon Pearl. He remained ignorant in many aspects and uses of the Dragon Pearl.

While Huang Xiaolong was caught in a daze, the number of lightning streaks around him increased, also becoming thicker. The Dragon Pearl continued to absorb all those lightning streaks, and the lightning energy it sent into Huang Xiaolong’s body became stronger. Feeling this change, Huang Xiaolong swiftly sat down in meditation pose, refining the lighting energy in his dantian and Qi Sea.

Despite that, the amount of lightning energy amassed in his dantian and Qi Sea increased rapidly. As time went on, that energy turned into multiple strands of light blue energy, drilling into his internal organs, meridian channels, skin, flesh, and blood.

From the outside, it looked as if Huang Xiaolong was shrouded in a glowing lightning cocoon. At the same time, his body exuded a dark red Asura qi, blending into the lightning akin to a lightning hellstorm.

The sky above the Stellar Thunder Canyon become more turbulent, the size of lightning was bigger, zig-zagging between dense thunderclouds that had now extended ten li outside the canyon area. The many experts that detoured away from the Stellar Thunder Canyon watched with apprehension the strange phenomenon taking place from afar.

The thunderclouds lasted for half a month.

Ever since the Stellar Thunder Canyon existed, such strange phenomenon had never happened before.

In general, the thunderclouds above the Stellar Thunder Canyon would scatter after an hour and wouldn’t appear again for another ten hours or so. This time, however, the thunderclouds lasted for a whole two weeks without scattering.

The strange phenomenon alerted the dwarf race Patriarch and the group of Elders.

After all, the dwarves’ territory was right beside the Stellar Thunder Canyon. If the thunderclouds did not scatter and continued to spread, sooner or later they would reach the Dwarven Mountain. For the dwarf race, this was a race annihilation level catastrophe.

“What is it? It’s as if there’s something triggering the thunderclouds!” After days of observation, the dwarf race Patriarch Blyan formed a conclusion. But it made the furrow on his brows deeper.

The dwarf Elders were shocked hearing Patriarch Blyan’s conclusion.

“Patriarch, this, it’s not possible, right?” An Elder exclaimed in astonishment.

Blyan did not answer, fixing his gaze on the thunderclouds hovering above the Stellar Thunder Canyon.

The situation remained unchanged for the next three days.

Then, all of a sudden on the fourth day, the ominous thunderclouds that seemed to fix themselves above the Stellar Thunder Canyon rapidly scattered without any sign or sound. The sky was clear again, with blue sky and radiant sun for a thousand li, nary a cloud in sight.

“It’s gone!” Experts that had been gathering around the Stellar Thunder Canyon were bewildered. Even with the thunderclouds gone, none of them dared to approach the canyon.

Several hours later, Huang Xiaolong, who had been meditating on the ground, stopped running the Asura Tactics and stood up. In the short half a month of practice, his battle qi cultivation had enhanced one order up. But the real surprise happened with the true essence in his dantian; the pure lightning energy actually formed multiple fist-sized thunderballs in his dantian.

Those thunderballs hovered in the top section of his dantian, and each of them contained a terrifying amount of destructive power.

His primal dragon physique was also sturdier than before.

What baffled Huang Xiaolong at this moment was he fact that the Dragon Pearl between his brows was quiet again, just like before. He tried making it move, but no reaction came from the Dragon Pearl.

At this moment, Huang Xiaolong noticed that the faint dragon shadow he has seen inside the Dragon Pearl seemed to be clearer.

Seeing that the Dragon Pearl gave no reaction whatsoever no matter what he did, Huang Xiaolong could only give up. He flew into the air, leaving the canyon.

It didn’t take him long to pass the remaining length of the canyon. An hour later, Huang Xiaolong reached the edge of a forest.

By this time, it was already dark.

Huang Xiaolong decided to rest here for the night and continue on his way tomorrow. He got a crackling fire going in no time, with several wild games roasting merrily. Sitting close to the fire, he took out the Ten Directions Continent map while waiting for the meat to cook.

On the map, it indicated the forest he was in was called Roaming Souls Grove.

Crossing this Roaming Souls Grove, he would arrive at one of the more well-known cities in the beastmen territories, the Hundred Tiger City.

Very soon, the aroma of roast meat wafted in the air, and Huang Xiaolong put the map away. When he was about to dig in, a surprised exclamation sounded not far from him: “Wah, such a nice smell! What meat is that!”

Then, a flurry of footsteps thundered through the bushes as several hundred beastmen rushed toward Huang Xiaolong’s direction.

This large herd of several hundred beastmen was the very same group that were watching Huang Xiaolong battle the frenzy lightning in the Stellar Thunder Canyon from afar but felt it was an impossible feat for anyone.

Although Huang Xiaolong spent close to half a month in the canyon, these two parties ran into each other because the beastmen group took the longer detour route. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

In a matter of seconds, hundreds of beastmen appeared in front of Huang Xiaolong.

When the beastmen got a good look at Huang Xiaolong’s face, they were all slightly surprised seeing that it was actually a human.

Rarely would they come across human in the beastmen territory. Although beastmen bore no hatred toward humans like the elves did, in their eyes ‘human’ was synonymous to puny and cowardly. That was why beastmen tribes in general had always looked down upon humans.

“Hehe, I didn’t expect to run into a little weak human here!” Beastman Anton cackled.

The surrounding beastmen joined him in laughter.

Anton approached Huang Xiaolong saying, “Human, the meat you roast seems pretty good, good thing we’re hungry now. The ones you have here are not enough, go prepare one for each of us!”

Their number was around three hundred and fifty beastmen, which meant that Huang Xiaolong was expected to roast more than three hundred and fifty games.