Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The Soul Seize Red Dust Reversal Technique was considered as one of the more sinister and powerful evil techniques in the ancient times!

Huang Xiaolong had previously asked Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi, and even him only had high praises for this Soul Seize Red Dust Reversal Technique. In his explanation, when the cultivation of this Soul Seize Red Dust Reversal Technique reached perfect completion, it could even reverse time and space, causing the time and space of an area to flow in reverse, or forcefully speed up an opponent. Just from these two points, one could imagine the horror of this Soul Seize Red Dust Reversal Technique.

Temple Preceptor Ying Tian lifted his arms up, his flat palms glimmering a lustrous glow as his palms waved down, soft and gentle. Yet, what baffled those watching was that his palms seemingly contained no energy, as if they ‘floated’ downward.

But Huang Xiaolong noticeably went a shade paler sensing the space around his spiraling in disorder, followed by an invisible palm force slamming down on him. Left with no time to think, his innate martial spirit abilities, Space Concealment and Phantom Shadow, were used simultaneously. Just as Huang Xiaolong’s silhouette flickered away, the formless palm force brushed past the place he was in a split second ago.

Huang Xiaolong immediately saw the space where he stood earlier being severely distorted, like a piece of paper twisted into dust.

“Hiding? Let’s see how many times you can hide!” Seeing that Huang Xiaolong dodged his attack, Ying Tian snorted with malice. His palms opened wide to the sides, fingers bent into claws. Clouds of pale violet gaseous energy spurted from his fingers, growing bigger and spreading, causing space within a hundred li to turn upside down. Space distorted as the energy spiraled like a vortex.

Ying Tian’s aim was to force Huang Xiaolong into a corner, until he had nowhere to run and no place to hide.

It was at this moment that golden rings spread out and expanded several li in front of Ying Tian, following by a dozen palm imprints at their trail.

Within a hundred li radius, the unstable, reversed and chaotic spiraling space gradually slowed down to a stop as the golden circles passed through.

Temple Preceptor Ying Tian’s narrowed his eyes to slits, “This is, the God Binding Palm!?”

“Correct, God Binding Palm.” Huang Xiaolong emerged into view, confirming with a cold voice. The God Binding Palm’s binding force was far stronger than he had hoped, to be able to stop the other side’s reversal force! Huang Xiaolong was inwardly delighted.

Temple Preceptor Ying Tian let out a cold harrumph. Turning around, a whelming pulling force dragged Huang Xiaolong toward himself.

On the other end, Huang Xiaolong felt dizzy all of a sudden, and a tearing pain like his soul was about to fly out of his body.

‘Is this the Soul Seized Red Dust Reversal Technique?!’

Huang Xiaolong quickly forced himself to focus, protecting his mind, when from the depth of his consciousness, an intense dark purple light shone. The Soul Seize force from Ying Tian was cut off by this dark purple light. Huang Xiaolong immediately returned to normal.

It was the Absolute Soul Pearl!

That dark purple light just now was emitted by the fourth-ranked Heavenly Treasure, the Absolute Soul Pearl.

It did not occur to Ying Tian that his soul Seize power would be cut off suddenly. His body swayed, nearly suffering a backlash. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

“The Eleventh move, Dragon Astounding the Fiendgod!”

In a flicker, Huang Xiaolong crossed the distance, appearing in front of Temple Preceptor Ying Tian, both palms striking out. Dragon qi transformed into eleven primordial divine dragons, water dragon, fire dragon, golden dragon, Buddha dragon, and others. Their claws pierced into Ying Tian’s chest.

Temple Preceptor Ying Tian merely snorted, his arms extended out and lightly swiped in front of him. With soft waving and throwing gestures, the eleven primordial divine dragons formed from dragon qi were flung far away.

All eleven primordial divine dragons crashed into the far mountain range on the island, turning the peaks into flatlands. A violent quake spread across the whole island with signs of it splitting from the center.

Huang Xiaolong was inwardly taken aback.

This Soul Seize Red Dust Reversal Technique was indeed formidable, able to dispel the eleventh move of his Dragon God attack, redirecting the energy to another place. This move resembled the Taiji Fist on Earth in his past life, using softness to overcome hardness, borrowing the power of others to deflect their attack. But this was much more powerful than the Taiji Fist many times over.

Regaining his senses after overcoming his shock, a thousand arms fanned out from Huang Xiaolong’s back.

“The Twelfth Move, Dragon God Killing God!”

One thousand arms attacked simultaneously, each arm forming twelve divine dragons, a total of twelve thousand divine dragons flew out. Dragon roars thundered endlessly, filled with vast and boundless dragon might.

Huang Xiaolong watched on coldly. He was waiting to see how Ying Tian would take this attack.

In the far distance, Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, and the rest stared dumbly at the sky filled with flying divine dragons.

Deities Templar Temple Preceptor Ying Tian’s face tightened, leaping backward in retreat. At the same time, his body burst out with a unique magnificent light, both hands waving in a certain rhythm. Countless divine dragons were thrown out of the way, resulting in a series of loud crashes coming from the island surface.

The island below shook nonstop and parts of its land begin to crumble.

Whereas high above, Ying Tian was subsequently forced back again and again.

A cold snicker sounded from Huang Xiaolong as he narrowed the distance between them, once again appearing in front of Ying Tian. The Blades of Asura in his hands swung out without hesitation.

Ying Tian raised his right arm with the palm facing forward. At the center of his right palm, a golden talisman symbol suddenly shone as he slapped the palm down.

“Deity-Splitting Dao Canon Seal!”

A golden giant palm imprint howled through the air, with the golden talisman symbol at the center resembling the one in Ying Tian’s palm, burning with a glaring light.

The saber lights exploded and shattered.

When the saber lights exploded, the minuscule golden symbol on Huang Xiaolong’s forehead made by the Dragon Pearl shone brightly, and a five-clawed golden dragon flew out from the Dragon Pearl. The five-clawed golden dragon transformed into a flash of golden light, piercing a hole through Ying Tian’s body in the blink of an eye. As it came out on the other side, its sharp claws slammed against Ying Tian’s back.

Ying Tian’s half-God Body exploded, and the five-clawed golden dragon returned to the Dragon Pearl in Huang Xiaolong’s forehead.

The sudden turn of events was out of everyone’s imagination.

Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu were so stunned that they forgot to blink.

Huang Xiaolong was still staring at the spot where Ying Tian’s body exploded from the five-clawed golden dragon’s attack on his back.

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi was Huang Xiaolong’s real hidden trump card. This was also the main reason for Huang Xiaolong’s confidence in attacking the Deities Templar headquarters, the confidence to kill Deities Templar’s Temple Preceptor that had broke through to God Realm.

Although Temple Preceptor Ying Tian possessed the Firmament Jade Emperor Heavenly Physique and a God Realm cultivation, which gave him a half-God Body, before Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi it was no different than a slightly sturdy wood plank.

Ying Tian’s exploded body began to ripple and the pieces of flesh began re-merging at rapid speed.

Watching this, Huang Xiaolong directed a spark of true essence fire to his palm as he walked toward Ying Tian, slapping the fire onto the moving flesh.

Blood-curdling screams from Ying Tian rendered the air, the messy glob of flesh quivered violently, sending out lumps of suet white-jade glow to the sky, seemingly making a last desperate struggle. However, after being injured by Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi, and having a body in pieces that had yet to integrate, how could he possibly defend against Huang Xiaolong’s true essence fire?

Muffled sounds of explosion rang out one after another, and gradually, the agonized screams of Temple Preceptor Ying Tian became weak whimpers.

“Where’s Li Lu?” Huang Xiaolong questioned coldly, “Tell me Li Lu’s whereabouts and I can allow you to die more comfortably.”

Ying Tian spat sharply, “I’m the Ying Family’s top genius, already a God Realm warrior, possessing a half-God Body, I cannot die! A measly Saint realm like you cannot possibly kill me!!”

“Is that so?” Huang Xiaolong pushed the force in his dantian to the limit. A thousand arms at his back struck Temple Preceptor Ying Tian. One thousand Earthen Buddha Palms shrouded in true essence fire once again blasted Ying Tian’s body into pieces.

One hour later, under the continuous attacks of Huang Xiaolong’s true essence fire, Ying Tian’s tragic screams finally subsided.

Deities Templar’s Temple Preceptor Ying Tian—dead!

The moment Temple Preceptor Ying Tian died, Huang Xiaolong breathed out in relief. Fortunately, there was Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi with him, otherwise he really might not have been able to kill the Deities Templar’s Temple Preceptor.

At Huang Xiaolong’s current strength level, using the Godly Xumi Art, he could, at most, defeat the other party, but taking his life was not possible.

Seeing that Huang Xiaolong had finally killed Deities Templar’s strongest expert, Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, and the others were overjoyed, quickly flying to Huang Xiaolong’s side.