Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As Huang Xiaolong began to circulate the Asura Tactics, spiritual energy in the proximity rushed toward him at rapid speed. His body quivered from head to toe as the first strand of spiritual energy drilled into his body, but quickly calmed down.

After the first cycle of absorbing and refining, excitement spread through Huang Xiaolong. This spiritual energy in Hell was even purer than he had imagined, it could be said that the spiritual energy he was absorbing now brought even better result than the Grandmist Desire Golden Pills. Moreover, he noticed that the spiritual energy here was actually beneficial in tempering his True Dragon Physique.

The Treasure Dragon Protective Shield Art diagram formation greedily absorbed this higher world surface spiritual energy, then transferred it to Huang Xiaolong. At the same time, his internal organs became increasingly stronger.

Two hours passed.

Huang Xiaolong stopped running his cultivation technique and stood up. The result of cultivating here for two hours surpassed his usual one month effort back in the Black Tortoise Galaxy.

When his consciousness submerged into his body, he ‘saw’ that after absorbing the high grade spiritual energy there were some changes to his dantian and the Asura Godforce in his Qi Sea. Despite being minuscule, Huang Xiaolong still noticed it. If he could cultivate in such environment for an extensive period of time, his Asura Godforce could definitely evolve.

Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath as he felt an increase in the whelming pressure coming from all directions. Summoning the gateway quickly, he flew through the passage, returning to the Black Tortoise Galaxy.

Back in the Black Tortoise Galaxy, Huang Xiaolong was overcome with exhaustion, like he was about to collapse in an instant. He quickly sat down in a meditative pose, swallowed a healing pellet and initiated his Instant Recovery ability to replenish his depleted battle qi.

This mediation took him a full day and night before he felt his Godforce return to peak condition. Huang Xiaolong was shocked. In the past, even after a desperate battle with others where he overdrew all his battle qi, once he employed the Instant Recovery martial spirit ability, it required less than one hour to return to his peak form. But this time, it actually took him a full day and night!

However, that did not prevent Huang Xiaolong from summoning the Gate of Hell again the moment he recovered, running over to the other side. Once again he fell onto an endless stretch of sand. Looking around, Huang Xiaolong determined it was the same location where he cultivated previously.

Arriving, Huang Xiaolong did not start cultivating immediately, but traveled forward for one hour before stopping to cultivate.

Two hours later, he returned to the Black Tortoise Galaxy.

The process repeated, turning into a routine.

One month later.

In the entire month, every time Huang Xiaolong crossed over to cultivate in Hell, he would only return to the Black Tortoise Galaxy when his battle qi was exhausted to recuperate, and then went back again to cultivate.

In the course of repeated crossings in that one month period, Huang Xiaolong realized one phenomenon: the place where he appeared next would always be the last location he was in before he left. What frustrated Huang Xiaolong was the fact that he was still stuck in the desert even after one month. Perhaps, like what Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi said, relying on his current speed, even if he traveled nonstop for half a year, he still wouldn’t be able to leave this barren desert.

Thus, other than dry sand dunes, Huang Xiaolong did not come across any other living things in Hell. Not even a plant.

He was vexed.

“In fact, this might not be a bad thing.” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi spoke, “At your current strength, it would be extremely dangerous if you ran into any of Hell’s living beings.”

Huang Xiaolong nodded silently, he was well aware of this fact. Although he had never seen another living being in Hell, it was not hard to guess that Saint realm and God Realm were the weakest existences.

After that time, Huang Xiaolong no longer tried to leave the desert, focusing on absorbing the high grade spiritual energy and cultivating.

In the blink of an eye, five months were gone.

And these five months of cultivation, the result was better than what Huang Xiaolong had estimated. These five months of cultivation in Hell were even more beneficial than him cultivating in the Black Tortoise Galaxy for a decade or more, consuming an infinite supply of Grandmist Desire Golden Pills! After five months, just a day before the outer disciples’ assessment, Huang Xiaolong finally advanced to Second Order God Realm!

That’s right, Second Order God Realm! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Honestly, Huang Xiaolong had little to no chance of advancing to Second Order God Realm before the outer disciple assessment, but the benefits of cultivating in Hell’s high quality spiritual energy environment were greater than he imagined.

Watching Huang Xiaolong advancing to Second Order God Realm, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi couldn’t resist sighing dramatically, emphasizing the fact that Huang Xiaolong was a freak more than ten times. Then his tone grew serious, “Tomorrow’s the outer disciples assessment. If Gudu Leng, Wang Biaoyuan, and those brats knew that you’re already a Second Order God Realm, they’d probably be scared to silly on the spot.”

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s words weren’t exactly an exaggeration. Although the assessment had yet to begin, he could already imagine the scene and the expressions on Gudu Leng, Wang Biaoyuan, the other disciples, and especially the Black Warrior Institute Principal Feng Yang when they realized that Huang Xiaolong had reached Second Order God Realm.

One must remember, three years ago when Huang Xiaolong passed the new disciple assessment, he was merely a half-step God Realm, not even a peak half-step God Realm. Yet, three years later, he soared to Second Order God Realm!

Half-step God Realm, peak half-step God Realm, early First Order God Realm, peak early First Order God Realm, mid-First Order, peak mid-First Order, late-First Order, peak late-First Order, and then one reached Second Order God Realm!

Even genius disciples belonging to other super forces could hardly bulldoze from half-step God Realm to Second Order God Realm given three hundred years’ time!

Huang Xiaolong chuckled listening to Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s act of woeful sighs. Following his current cultivation speed, in another three years he could advance to Third Order God Realm!

Within ten years, he could definitely break through to Fourth Order God Realm!

Upon breaking through to Fourth Order God Realm, one was considered a mid-level God Realm that had crossed over an important dividing line. There were cultivators that were stuck at this point their whole life, unable to break through the barrier to mid-level God Realm. At that time, Huang Xiaolong’s status and identity in the entire Black Tortoise Galaxy would be elevated to another prestige. A mid-level God Realm master, anywhere they went, super forces and families included, would easily receive treatment equivalent to an Elder.

...

Huang Xiaolong exited from the Xumi Temple.

Just as Huang Xiaolong walked out from his yard, he ran into eldest Senior Apprentice-brother Liu Yun, who came specifically to look for him.

“Fourth Junior-Apprentice brother, you finally came out.” Seeing Huang Xiaolong exited his closed-door practice, Liu Yun’s face showed a hint of joy when he smiled, “ Tomorrow’s the outer disciple assessment, if you still didn’t come out today, I’m afraid our venerable Master was going to drag you out himself.”

Huang Xiaolong scratched his head sheepishly, chuckling a little to hide his embarrassment.

“I know you like wine, so today I brought some good wine over. Come, let us brothers have a good drink.” Senior Apprentice -brother Liu Yun took a step and pulled Huang Xiaolong to the garden at the back, opening a jug of wine and drinking with Huang Xiaolong.

“I got news that both Gudu Leng and Wang Biaoyuan broke through to Second Order God Realm. Most importantly, it seems like Wang Biaoyuan has reached mid-Second Order God Realm.” Senior Apprentice-brother Liu Yun added as he observed Huang Xiaolong carefully, “He has let the word out that he will defeat you on the assessment stage tomorrow. Junior Apprentice-brother, you must be careful.”

Huang Xiaolong was moved by the concern in his Senior Apprentice-brother Liu Yun’s eyes. He smiled reassuringly at Liu Yun saying, “Senior Apprentice-brother can rest assured, it won’t be easy for Gudu Leng, Wang Biaoyuan, or anyone else who wants to defeat me tomorrow.”

Mid-Second Order God Realm? Even if they were a mid-Third Order God Realm, he had the confidence to leave the opponent with half a life in just one punch.