Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

It seems like Huang Xiaolong’s luck on this trip was indeed very good. Not long after subjugating the Blazing Stonedragon Beast, he bumped into two more Fifth Order God Realm demonic beasts.

These two Fifth Order God Realm demonic beasts were a pair of male and female Strongarm Water-Fire Apes. Like its name, this demonic beast ape possessed a pair of thick, powerful arms; one was a mid-Fifth Order, and the other a late-Fifth Order God Realm.

Although the Strongarm Water-Fire Apes weren’t ancient fierce beasts, they were still one of a kind rare spiritual beasts. During the subjugation, Huang Xiaolong ordered the Blazing Stonedragon Beast to stand at the side instead of letting it battle, carrying out the act himself.

Facing two Strongarm Water-Fire Apes, Huang Xiaolong dared not act reckless and underestimate his opponents, changing into the Asura Physique as well as soul transforming before battling the pair of apes.

“Nice!” Huang Xiaolong shouted as he swung his arms in close combat with the two huge apes simultaneously, laughing out in excitement.

Both Strongarm Water-Fire Apes were pushed back several hundred meters by Huang Xiaolong.

If someone saw a Fourth Order God Realm master actually repelling two Fifth Order God Realm Strongarm Water-Fire Apes with his bare hands, their eyeballs would probably be bouncing on the ground.

The Strongarm Water-Fire Apes’ arms possessed uncanny strength, based on power alone, they were even slightly above the Blazing Stonedragon Beast. One strike of their arms could cause a mountain spanning several hundred li to crumble into loose pebbles and stones. Yet, they were forced back by the force of Huang Xiaolong’s punch. One couldn’t begin to imagine the extent of the explosive power he could exert.

Seeing that a mere Fourth Order God Realm human actually managed to throw them back several hundred meters, a hint of apprehension filled their eyes. Not to mention the Blazing Stonedragon Beast watching quietly at the side, the apprehension it felt was even stronger than the two Strongarm Water-Fire Apes.

After he pushed the two apes back, Huang Xiaolong’s silhouette flickered, seizing the initiative to attack this time around.

After another hour of earth tossing, mountain crumbling scuffle, the two Strongarm Water-Fire Apes were finally subjugated by Huang Xiaolong. Just like he did with the Blazing Stonedragon Beast, Huang Xiaolong marked their souls with a soul imprint.

Riding on the Blazing Stonedragon Beast with two Strongarm Water-Fire Apes trailing behind, Huang Xiaolong leisurely breathed in the Great Wasteland’s air that was rich in spiritual energy, sighing secretly to himself, ‘Having the Ancient Puppetry Art and Soul Mandate is truly wonderful ah.’ Otherwise, no matter how powerful his spiritual force was, he still wouldn’t be able to rein in these God Realm demonic beasts.

A picture emerged in Huang Xiaolong’s mind as he rode on the Blazing Stonedragon Beast, if he managed to subjugate a hundred Fifth Order God Realm demonic beasts, with them following behind him, what a heart fluttering sight that would be!

However, after subjugating the two Strongarm Water-Fire Apes, two days went by and brought about a depressed Huang Xiaolong. Ever since then, he had yet to come across any Fifth Order God Realm demonic beasts, merely a few late-Fourth Order and peak late-Fourth Order God Realm demonic beasts. They were instantly killed by Huang Xiaolong.

On the fourth day, the peace and tranquility of the third day persisted as the sun beamed its warm rays down on the wasteland.

As Huang Xiaolong continued leading the three demonic beasts with him in search for more Fifth Order God Realm demonic beasts, powerful energy fluctuations rippled in the distance, traveling through the air to the place where Huang Xiaolong was. After observing the energy fluctuations, a happy smile floated to his face. The energy fluctuations belonged to a Fifth Order God Realm demonic beast.

Immediately, Huang Xiaolong nudged the Blazing Stonedragon Beast under it toward the source of the energy fluctuations.

When Huang Xiaolong got close, he saw on a flat open space a group of family disciples that were attacking a nine-tailed demonic beast that looked a lot like a white tiger.

“A Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger?” Huang Xiaolong exclaimed in surprise, more to himself.

This Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger was similar to the Blazing Stonedragon under him in the sense that both were well known fierce beasts of ancient times, possessing high talent. Not to mention the fact that it was a direct lineage descendant of the Bright Radiance Divine Tiger.

The Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger before him had reached late-Fifth Order God Realm. Despite being sieged by a group of family disciples, it wasn’t in any actual danger. Whereas it was the group of family disciples that were continuously injured under the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger’s claws.

“Disciples of the Zhu Family?” After getting a clear look at these family disciples’ attire, a light flickered in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes. The Zhu Family was also one of the super forces of the Black Tortoise Galaxy, ranking above the Jiang Family.

There were twenty plus people in this group of Zhu Family disciples encircling and attacking the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger, seven of them were Fifth Order God Realm while the remaining consisted of Fourth Order and below. With a quick glance, the strongest amongst them was a mid-Fifth Order God Realm.

Seven Fifth Order God Realm masters and more than a dozen Fourth and Third Order God Realm disciples were attacking the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger, yet the side with the bigger number continuously suffered injuries, one could see this demonic beast’s strength.

Watching at the side, Huang Xiaolong decided not to join in the fun for the time being. After all, he had no relationship whatsoever with the Zhu Family. Instead, the Zhu Family was very close with the Jiang Family. These Zhu Family disciples’ life and death were irrelevant to Huang Xiaolong.

Soon, more than half of the Zhu Family disciples attacking the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger were wounded by it. Four of them died instantly under its claws, leaving the seven Fifth Order God Realm disciples struggling bitterly.

The remaining Zhu Family disciples were angry and afraid at the same time. When they chanced upon this Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger, all of them were ecstatic, thinking that their combined strength would guarantee them an easy capture of the beast. Never did they imagine that the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger’s strength far exceeded their assumptions.

What truly vexed them the most was this Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger’s healing ability. They had just left three deep sword wounds on its body, but the sword wounds disappeared in just a few breaths’ time. Now, there were merely light scratches, the deep bleeding wounds had fully healed.

While the Zhu Family disciples were vexed about the situation, the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger suddenly retreated in a flash, and before the dumbfounded group of Zhu Family disciples, it turned around and flew away with ease.

The Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger’s abrupt fleeing stunned the Zhu Family disciples silly, failing to react.

Huang Xiaolong, who had concealed his aura, hidden as he watched the battle was also shocked. Did it detect him? Watching the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger who had fled some distance away, Huang Xiaolong didn’t have the luxury of time to think too deeply as he swiftly jumped on his sword and gave chase. Turning into a streak of light, he cut off the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger’s path in a mere moment. Without any hesitation, both of his fists punched out.

A heaven-shaking tiger roar thundered as the Nine-Tailed Bright Radiance Tiger was knocked back to the ground by Huang Xiaolong’s fists.

The great earth trembled.

The group of Zhu Family disciples watched dazedly as the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger crashed to the ground, and a second later, their eyes shifted to Huang Xiaolong, the Blazing Stonedragon Beast, then the two Strongarm Water-Fire Apes. Their dazedness turned to astonishment.

After toppling the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger with his double fists, Huang Xiaolong flickered, appearing right above its head. Then, without any suspense, another powerful punch landed, emitting a booming sound at impact.

From the side, it could be seen that the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger had its body staked into the ground by Huang Xiaolong.

The Zhu Family disciples collectively sucked in a breath of cold air.

They knew very well the strength of that Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger, but now it was half buried into the ground by that young man. What really made them speechless was the fact that the young man was seemingly just a Fourth Order God Realm master. An early Fourth Order God Realm at that!

How was this possible! Disbelief was written all over the faces of these Zhu Family disciples.

Not wanting to reveal his strength and identity, Huang Xiaolong took the precaution of changing his appearance slightly, and thus not having to worry about being recognized by the Zhu Family disciples.

In fact, one of the reasons he was able to stake the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger into the ground was because the Zhu Family disciples had depleted most of its essence energy in the drawn-out battle earlier, otherwise, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t have had it so easy.

Of course, Huang Xiaolong had a good measure of his attacks, he definitely wouldn’t kill the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger by accident.

After sending the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger down, Huang Xiaolong flew after it, striking more than a dozen punches at its body. The ground cracked and shook as the punches continued to rain down until it lost all will to resist before Huang Xiaolong stopped.

Accompanying each of Huang Xiaolog’s punches, the Zhu Family disciples felt their hearts tighten. Looking at the Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger’s tragic dead dog end, the faces of these disciples were whiter than a sheet.

Was he still a human?

That was basically a primordial divine beast, even more terrifying than an ancient fierce beast! The Nine-tailed Bright Radiance Tiger was practically a fluffy little lamb!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com