Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In the previous closed-door practice, Huang Xiaolong had refined seven divine dragon beast cores, he decided to refine the remaining six beast cores this time. However, he consciously opted to first refine the four beast cores from the Hailstone Treasure vault, leaving the two True Dragon King’s beast cores for the end.

Time flowed by, and soon, four months had passed.

After refining the first Highgod Realm divine dragon beast core, he finally broke through to mid-Fifth Order God Realm. Even so, Huang Xiaolong did not exit his seclusion, using one year’s time as he continued to refine the other three divine dragon beast cores from the Hailstone Treasure.

Yet, the one thing that depressed Huang Xiaolong was that even after refining the three Highgod Realm divine dragon beast cores, it only brought him that much closer to stepping into peak mid-Fifth Order God Realm, falling greatly from Huang Xiaolong’s expectations. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“How long has it been since you kid broke through to Fifth Order God Realm, now you’re already a peak mid-Fifth Order God Realm, almost at the late stage of Fifth Order.” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi was a little speechless as he lectured, “Spare some thoughts to other God Realm masters’ cultivation speed! Compared to you, they’re literally tortoises, no, not tortoises, they’re earthworms!” In the end, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s voice sounded dramatic.

Huang Xiaolong blanked for a moment after hearing this; other God Realm masters’ cultivation speed?

Generally speaking, which God Realm master didn’t accumulate for a hundred years or so before attempting a breakthrough? For some, breaking through from early Fifth Order God Realm to peak late-Fifth Order God Realm took one to two thousand years!

Even those highly talented super forces’ geniuses spent more than a decade in accumulation to advance from early Fifth Order God Realm to mid-Fifth Order God Realm.

Thinking of this, Huang Xiaolong felt more balanced.

Hence, he was no longer in a hurry to refine the two True Dragon King’s beast cores. Exiting the Xumi Temple, the fragrance of spiritual fruits and flowers within the Nine Halls Bagua Formation lifted Huang Xiaolong’s spirit.

In the past year, Huang Xiaolong’s two hundred over Saint realm subordinates had planted the remaining two-tenths of empty land with spiritual trees and flowers. These spiritual trees and flowers were all taken out from the Hailstone Treasure vault, with the ‘youngest’ of these plants and trees being in the hundred thousand years range.

Taking a slow stroll around the Palace of Nine Halls, looking at these colorful flowers and spiritual trees, a pleasant feeling filled Huang Xiaolong’s heart.

As he walked without a specific direction, he arrived at the main entrance, where sounds of cheerful laughter were heard. Looking toward the source, he saw his father, Huang Peng, younger brother, Huang Xiaohai, and his nephew, Guo Xiaofan, Xie Puti, and a few others playing under the rocky waterfall pool in front, whereas his mother, Su Yan, younger sister, Huang Min, Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, and the rest were cheering them on at the side.

Watching this heartwarming scene, a warm feeling spread over Huang Xiaolong’s heart as he quickened his steps, walking toward them.

Hearing sounds of footsteps coming in their direction, everyone turned their heads to look.

“Sovereign!” Both Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu quickly stepped forward in salute.

“Xiaolong!”

“Big brother!”

His mother and younger sister also walked over to greet him.

Huang Xiaolong smiled and nodded at them as he reached the waterfall pool. With the relentless insistence from his brother, nephew, and Xie Puti, Huang Xiaolong could only admit defeat, revealing his chiseled muscles as he took off the top of his robes, and entered the pool to play with them.

After spending half an hour in the water, the group finally went up at noon. Since it was rare for Huang Xiaolong to come out in the middle of his seclusion, everyone suggested having a barbecue at night and free-flowing wine.

Reluctant to dampen everyone’s high spirit, Huang Xiaolong nodded in agreement. Hence, everyone swiftly worked together, dividing tasks among themselves. Some went to catch fish in the pool, while others were sent to the mountains to hunt for spiritual beasts.

By evening, twenty big barbecue bonfires were burning brightly.

Everyone surrounded the bonfires with fragrant roast meat, grilled fish, and aromatic wine wafting in the air, it was an excellent merrymaking atmosphere.

As the night progressed, Huang Xiaolong asked his parents about the Golden Dragon Peak’s situation during the time he was in seclusion.

Nothing much happened on the Golden Dragon Peak in the past year. Occasionally, Yang Feiyue and a group of elite disciples would come over to visit, whereas the All Dragons League’s people would avoid the Golden Dragon Peak from far away.

The people that Pan Haicheng sent over returned without a fuss after knowing that Huang Xiaolong had entered seclusion.

‘Pan Haicheng?’ This Pan Haicheng was one of the Great Five of the elite disciples. His strength was said to be no less than the All Dragons League’s Jiang Yu, however, he remembered that Eldest Senior Apprentice-brother Liu Yun once said that this person was extremely sly and ruthless. They had never crossed paths, what purpose did he have in coming over to invite him?

“That person Pan Haicheng sent over, did he mention the reason why Pan Haicheng invited me over?”

“That person did not say anything much, he merely said to inform Sovereign once Sovereign is out from seclusion. That’s all.” Zhao Shu said, shaking his head.

Huang Xiaolong nodded, but he didn’t really put the matter to heart. Needless to say, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t be making the trip over to Pan’s Tiger Peak, moreover, according to his Eldest Senior Apprentice-brother’s words, it was best not to associate with this person.

Underneath the enchanting moonlit sky, the night breeze caressed the skin.

The bonfire barbecue party lasted until the next morning before everyone was willing to disperse.

Huang Xiaolong spent three days with his parents, accompanying them and guiding their cultivation.

Cultivating for more than a year on the Golden Dragon Peak, the Huang Family’s strength had improved significantly. His younger brother Huang Xiaohai, his sister Huang Min, and nephew Guo Xiaofan were already peak half-step Saint realm. His parents, Huang Peng and Su Yan, were both Ninth Order Xiantian realm.

As for Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, Blessed Buddha Emperor, and Duanren Emperor, their strengths had advanced by one order.

Three days later, Huang Xiaolong re-entered seclusion, beginning to refine the two True Dragon King’s beast cores.

These two beast cores contained at least several times more demonic essence energy within each beast core than eleven Highgod Realm divine dragon beast cores from the Hailstone Treasure. Hence, Huang Xiaolong used half a year’s time to fully refine one beast core.

When Huang Xiaolong had completely refined one of the beast cores, he finally advanced to late-Fifth Order God Realm from mid-Fifth Order God Realm. Afterwards, he continued to refine the second beast core.

After approximately three years’ time, Huang Xiaolong finally finished refining the last Highgod Realm beast core, reaching peak late-Fifth Order God Realm!

He was infinitely close to breaking through to Sixth Order God Realm!

Not breaking that thin line separating him from Sixth Order God Realm still depressed Huang Xiaolong somewhat. Fortunately, there were still fifty thousand Three Revolutions Golden Pills inside the Hailstone Treasure vault. By the time he finished refining these as well, he probably wouldn’t need much longer to step into Sixth Order God Realm.

With a plan in mind, Huang Xiaolong exited the Xumi Temple.

‘I wonder how Father and Mother’s cultivation is progressing.’ Huang Xiaolong thought as his feet carried him to his parents’ courtyard.

Huang Xiaolong was very happy after seeing his parents, for both of them had reached half-step Saint realm, only that thin fine line kept them from breaking into the Saint realm!

Once they did, their lifespan would greatly increase to over a thousand years.

Other than the good news from his parents’ side, Huang Xiaohai, Huang Min, Guo Xiaofan, and his brother-in-law Guo Fan, had all advanced to peak half-step God Realm.

‘Looks like I have to start refining some divine spirit pellets that would aid father and mother in their breakthrough.’ Huang Xiaolong muttered to himself. Otherwise, for his parents to take that last step into Saint realm only relying on themselves would be hard, just like his brother Huang Xiaohai and sister Huang Min. It had been several years since they had reached half-step God Realm, yet were still unable to step over that thin line.

Huang Xiaolong asked Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi if he knew of any medicinal pellets that could aid a person in breaking through to Saint realm.

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi hesitated, “There are many medicinal pellets that can help a person break through to Saint realm, but there is a difference between mild and strong effects. The best option would be the Rising Sea Ascending Moon Divine Pellet. Consuming it would increase one’s chances to break through to Saint realm as high as eighty percent! However, there is only one person who knows how to concoct this Rising Sea Ascending Moon Divine Pellet.”