Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

“A guest?” Huang Xiaolong found that surprising.

Shi Xiaofei nodded, “Yes ah, it seems to be someone from the Vermillion Bird Galaxy, but what that person’s identity is exactly, I don’t know.”

“Vermillion Bird Galaxy.” That information was another surprise for Huang Xiaolong. There were actually people traveling over a hundred thousand li to Wintry North World to visit Shi Xiaofei’s Master, Yang Yi. This undoubtedly roused Huang Xiaolong’s curiosity.

With doubt in his mind, Huang Xiaolong followed Shi Xiaofei to Crazy Lady Yang Yi’s cultivation courtyard.

When the two of them reached the hall, Crazy Lady Yang Yi was sitting on the host’s seat, and further down was a young man clad in white brocade robes, with elegant good looks, exuding a high-status noble aura.

However, what drew Huang Xiaolong’s attention was the fire phoenix emblem on that young man’s chest.

‘Someone from the Vermillion Bird Institute?’ Huang Xiaolong deduced. Moreover, it was a Grand Elder from the Vermillion Bird Institute! The Vermillion Institute Grand Elder robe was precisely this white brocade robe.

In the short time these thoughts ran through Huang Xiaolog’s mind, he and Shi Xiaofei already arrived in front of Yang Yi, paying their respects.

Seeing that it was Huang Xiaolong, despite her surprise, there was a faint smile on her face, “Xiaofei has been missing you every day these few years, but I didn’t expect your strength to have grown to this extent in just a few years.”

Hearing her Master’s words, a crimson blush crept up Shi Xiaofei’s cheeks.

Huang Xiaolong grinned, “Many thanks for Senior Yang Yi’s praise.”

After Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei both took a seat, Yang Yi said to Shi Xiaofei, “Xiaofei, come greet your Senior Brother He.” Yang Yi said, indicating the Vermillion Bird Institute young man.

Huang Xiaolong was stunned.

“Senior Brother He?” Shi Xiaofei was slow to react, she had never heard anything about her Master having received other disciples before.

Noticing her confusion, Yang Yi explained, “I and the Vermillion Bird Institute’s Principal are apprentice brother-sister, and this is He Feifan, your Senior-Apprentice uncle Qiu’s eldest disciple.”

This piece of news like a thunderclap to Huang Xiaolong: Yang Yi was actually the Vermillion Bird Institute Principal’s Junior Apprentice-sister!

Clearly, Shi Xiaofei also wasn’t aware that her Master had such an apprenticeship relationship with the Vermillion Bird Institute Principal, and it showed on her face. It took her a moment before regaining her manners, greeting the young man as her master instructed.

He Feifan slightly nodded, and cordially returned Shi Xiaofei’s greeting.

Although He Feifan concealed it well, it did not escape Huang Xiaolong’s keen eyes; when looking at Shi Xiaofei, there was disdain, condescension, doubt, as well as fervid desire in his eyes.

Huang Xiaolong inwardly sneered, he understood that He Feifan’s disdain was because Shi Xiaofei was just a meager Saint realm cultivator, his doubt was because he couldn’t understand why Yang Yi would take someone of this level to be her personal disciple. Yet, he was also taken with Shi Xiaofei. She was a beauty, hence the fervid desire.

After Yang Yi introduced Huang Xiaolong, He Feifan was obviously astonished, and at the same time, a fleeting sharp glint flickered in his eyes.

“So, this brother is actually the Black Warrior Institute Principal’s personal disciple, Huang Xiaolong.” He Feifan showed an elegant smile as he continued, “Brother Huang Xiaolong’s name has been spreading far and wide after defeating the Azure Dragon Institute’s Xiang Mingzhi. On many occasions, I’ve heard disciples of the Vermillion Bird Institute discuss Brother Huang Xiaolong’s monstrous talent.”

Huang Xiaolong merely gave a perfunctory lukewarm reply.

Huang Xiaolong’s indifferent attitude toward him triggered another flicker of killing intent in He Feifan’s eyes. However, he concealed it well enough that neither Yang Yi nor Shi Xiaofei noticed any misgivings.

“Since I have delivered Master’s message, Senior-Apprentice aunt Yang Yi, I shall take my leave now.” He Feifan stood up at one point, respectfully saluting Yang Yi.

Yang Yi nodded. She too stood up, personally sending He Feifan out the door. Only after He Feifan left did Yang Yi return to the main hall with Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei.

“Master, Senior Brother came to look for your for..?” Shi Xiaofei couldn’t contain her curiosity.

Yang Yi did not conceal the matter, “Your Senior-Apprentice uncle Qiu invited me over to the Vermillion Bird Institute, saying there’s something he wants to discuss with me.”

“Master wants to go to the Vermillion Bird Institute?” Shi Xiaofei was surprised.

Yang Yi nodded, “But this matter is not urgent. Wait till your Moon Summoning Rhyme reach the third stage, I can leave at that time.”

Hearing this, Shi Xiaofei relaxed, whereas Huang Xiaolong felt that the purpose of the Vermillion Institute Principal inviting Yang Yi over was probably not so simple. However, since Yang Yi did not mention it in detail, Huang Xiaolong wouldn’t step over the line to inquire. Still, Huang Xiaolong had remembered that He Feifan. He didn’t miss the killing intent in the other’s eyes, he had to guard against this person if they were to meet again later.

As for why this He Feifan would want to kill him, he was probably jealous of his ‘monstrous talent’. After the news of his ‘monstrous talent’ spread even further, the number of people wanting to kill him would only increase. Then again, the Black Warrior Institute’s relationship with the Vermillion Bird Institute had never been good.

Among the four institutes, their Black Warrior Institute was on better terms with the White Tiger Institute, while the Azure Dragon Institute was closer to the Vermillion Bird Institute. Not forgetting that competition had always existed between the four institutes.

A while later, Huang Xiaolong finally broached the purpose of his trip to Yang Yi.

“You’re looking for Ascending Moon Old Man?” Yang Yi looked at Huang Xiaolong in amazement.

Huang Xiaolong nodded, saying, “My parents and some others have reached peak half-step Saint realm in their cultivation, I heard that if one consumes the Rising Tide Ascending Moon Divine Pellet, it could increase one’s chances of breaking into the Saint realm by eighty percent, and only Ascending Moon Old Man knows how to refine it.”

Yang Yi’s brows wrinkled into a tiny frown, “So, it’s like this. I do know where the Ascending Moon Old Man’s cultivation cave is, but that old monster’s temperament has always been strange. More than ten thousand years ago, a large number of disciples from some top forces came to request him to help refine some pills, but they were instead refined into pills by him. In the last thirty thousand years, people no longer dared to come requesting him for pills anymore, even the Zhang Family’s Ancestor would take a detour if he ever came across that old man.”

Huang Xiaolong was both shocked and delighted at the same time; delighted because the Ascending Moon Old Man was still around instead of having ascended to the Divine World, and shocked due to his extremely strange behavior, actually refining the people who came to request for pills into pills themselves!

Shi Xiaofei became worried and anxious hearing what her Master said, “Xiaolong, that Ascending Moon Old Man’s temperament is so strange, I think it’s better not to go and ask for pills from him. There’re still many other kinds of pellets that can help people break through to Saint realm!”

Huang Xiaolong shook his head. Although there were other choices other than the Rising Tide Ascending Moon Divine Pellet, their effectiveness was too low, barely passing thirty percent. Since he had already come this far, regardless of how strange the Ascending Moon Old Man was, he had to go and try.

Seeing that Huang Xiaolong had already decided, Yang Yi reminded solemnly, “Then I will bring you over to that old monster’s place personally. For my sake, he probably won’t make things too difficult for you.”

Joy spread over Huang Xiaolong’s face and quickly thanked Yang Yi.

Yang Yi joked playfully, “If that old monster really gives you some Rising Tide Ascending Moon Divine Pellets, then you can give me another sacred grade immortal spirit stone as thanks.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Huang Xiaolong laughed good-naturedly, “Naturally.”

Hence, Yang Yi led Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei toward the Ascending Moon Old Man’s cultivation cave. In fact, it wasn’t very far from the land of new moon where they were. Barely a day later, the three of them arrived at the Ascending Moon Old Man’s cultivation cave.

The Ascending Moon Old Man’s cultivation cave was right next to a volcano’s crater. One must admit, this old monster’s taste was really unique.

However, before they could approach any closer, their path was blocked by the Ascending Moon Old Man’s medicine boy, who lectured with a snobbish demeanor, “Our Ancestor is in the midst of pill concoction right now. The Ancestor said that no matter who it is, he’s not seeing anyone! Quickly scram! Otherwise, if you disturb our Ancestor’s refining process, even dying a hundred times cannot pay for your crime!”