Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Zhuo Buzhi’s body was paralyzed with cold fear. While he felt the world was about to collapse, Huang Xiaolong and Xie Puti walked into another shop selling alchemy ingredients. Just like what happened earlier, before an astounded crowd, Huang Xiaolong bought the shop’s entire stock of ten thousand years to a hundred thousand years old elixirs.

After three shops, Huang Xiaolong finally spent all three hundred and forty billion Xuanwu coins, the result being a Hailstone Treasure vault filled with several small hill-sized herbs and elixirs with ages ranging from ten thousand years to a hundred thousand years.

“This amount of ingredients is sufficient to last for a while.” Huang Xiaolong stated, satisfied with the day’s harvest.

Regardless of how intensely he practiced alchemy, he definitely wouldn’t lack ingredients before the Alchemist Grandmaster Competition began. As for later, after that, he would think about it when the time comes.

By this point, the sky had already darkened.

But, Huang Xiaolong and Xie Puti did not head back to the Golden Dragon Peak. Instead, they chose to rest in the Luo Tong Residence. With just the two of them, another drinking session was inevitable.

When the next morning arrived, Huang Xiaolong and Xie Puti made their way back to the Golden Dragon Peak through the Black Warrior City transmission array.

Back on the Golden Dragon Peak, Huang Xiaolong fell back into his routine; practicing alchemy in the morning, his battle skills in the afternoon, and absorbing godforce and God’s Law from the rank five godhead at night.

Xie Puti continued to seclude himself within his own yard, cultivating like a madman.

At times, it crossed Huang Xiaolong’s mind that the incident with Zhuo Wenshan might actually be a good turning point for Xie Puti.

Life went on for the Huang Family, other than cultivating in the Golden Dragon Peak, a few of them would occasionally group together for an outing to the nearby peaks.

In these years, with Black Warrior Institute Principal Feng Yang’s guidance, Huang Xiaolong’s knowledge of array formations had improved by leaps and bounds, enabling him to lay out a grand formation, the Ten Thousand Mountains Begird the Sea that covered the Golden Dragon Peak and the twenty plus peaks around it.

Within the area enveloped by this grand formation, the Huang Family need not worry about their safety.

Although there probably won’t be anyone else daring to harm the Huang Family after the incident where Jiang Yu and Wang Na attacked the Golden Dragon peak, Huang Xiaolong still wasn’t willing to gamble their safety to probability. Hence, he cautiously laid down preemptive measures.

Time seemed to move at an accelerated speed.

As the days fell into a routine, day after day concocting pills, practicing his battle skills, and refining the rank five godhead, eight years passed by in a flash.

After eight years, Huang Xiaolong’s alchemy skills had greatly improved compared to the time when the Ascending Moon Old Man left. In these eight years, although Huang Xiaolong mainly focused on improving his alchemy refining skills, he had never failed even once.

In general, the refinement of sacred grade divine pellets required elixirs a hundred thousand years old for it to be successful, however, Huang Xiaolong could already refine sacred grade divine pellets by using ten thousand years old ingredients.

Also, in these past eight years, Huang Xiaolong had learned all of the Asura Sword Skill’s eighteen moves. He was even able to integrate all eighteen moves into one at will, greatly multiplying its attack power.

Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged inside the Xumi Temple, circulating the Asura Tactics. The rank five godhead was floating in the air right in front of him, emitting a faint glow.

Strands of godforce and God’s Law flowed out from the godhead, entering Huang Xiaolong’s body.

Both the black and blue twin dragon martial spirits hovered above his head. At the same time, three different types of qi could be seen weaving in and out from Huang Xiaolong’s body: Buddha qi, Asura qi, and dragon qi.

The three different qi: Buddha qi, Asura qi, and dragon qi formed a myriad of golden Buddha images, great Asuras, and countless divine dragons around him.

The Buddhas were chanting, the great Asuras were howling, and the divine dragons were roaring.

A long time later, Huang Xiaolong gradually stopped circulating the Asura Tactics, and those shadows of golden Buddhas, ferocious Asuras, and mighty divine dragons flew back into Huang Xiaolong’s body. The rank five godhead fell from the air into Huang Xiaolong’s palm.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the rank five godhead and noticed some fine hairline cracks on its surface. Within the rank five godhead’s space, the originally vast ocean of godforce had become a small river that was about to dry out. At this rate, the godforce and God’s Law inside this rank five godhead would be completely absorbed by Huang Xiaolong in less than two months’ time. The drained godhead would shatter and dissipate, disappearing from the world.

But Huang Xiaolong had a feeling that he would be able to breakthrough in the next ten days. After years of hard work, he had entered late-Sixth Order God Realm five years ago.

Coming out from the Xumi Temple, Huang Xiaolong’s feet brought him to the main hall. Hearing the loud cheering outside, he walked out toward the square located next to the main hall. In the square, his brother Huang Xiaohai happened to be sparring with their nephew, Guo Xiaofan, while the rest looked on, cheering them on.

Watching this scene, a smile appeared on Huang Xiaolong’s face.

These years, with the aid of divine grade spirit pellets and the Golden Dragon Peak’s rich spiritual energy, most of the Huang Family members had advanced to Fourth Order Saint realm. Especially his brother and nephew, both of them had reached late-Fourth Order Saint realm. While his parents, Huang Peng and Su Yan, were peak early-Fourth Order Saint Realm.

Xie Puti was present among the crowd as well, and at a glance, Huang Xiaolong discovered that Xie Puti was already an early Fifth Order Saint realm. Blessed Buddha Emperor Shi Fantian, Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, and the Violet Spirit Devourer Monkey Huang Xiaoyong even reached peak half-step God Realm.

The most surprising of all was the Heaven Devouring Beast Lil Tian, who also reached peak half-step God Realm.

‘It seems like it’s time to refine several batches of Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pills.’ Huang Xiaolong mused. With the Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pill, those already at peak half-step God Realm would have their chances of successfully breaking into God Realm increase by half.

Breaking through to God Realm was a thousand times harder than breaking into the Saint realm.

Thus, without the Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pill, who knows when Blessed Buddha Emperor and the rest would be able to advance to the God Realm. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

As for the materials needed to refine the Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pill, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t worried, there were more than enough materials inside the Hailstone Treasure vault.

Early next morning, Huang Xiaolong took out the Thousand Worlds Furnace to begin refining the Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pills. From morning until late into the night, Huang Xiaolong prepared ten batches, all successful.

If the Ascending Moon Old Man were here to watch Huang Xiaolong refining ten successful batches of Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pills in a single day, his messy hair would float up and his beard would flutter without wind from joy.

Even one such as the Ascending Moon Old Man needed to be attentive when refining top grade divine spirit pellets like the Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pill, for every step consumed a great amount of spiritual force. Two successful batches in a day were already considered excellent. Of course, if the Ascending Moon Old Man decided to go all out, he’d be able to produce a third batch, maybe even a fourth.

As for five batches, that was nothing but an empty bluff, zero possibility. Therefore, there was no need to consider ten batches in a day.

On the same night the Swallowing Sky Starquake Divine Pills were ready, Huang Xiaolong immediately distributed them to Blessed Buddha Emperor and the others. Each of them was given five pellets.

Five days later, they did not disappoint Huang Xiaolong, all of them breaking into the God Realm one after another. In a short period, the Golden Dragon Peak’s God Realm masters increased by twenty-six.

At the moment they broke through to God Realm, even for one matured and calm as the Blessed Buddha Emperor Shi Fantian couldn’t help crying from excitement. Even Zhao Shu and Zhang Fu were sniveling through tears and snot.

There was only one exception—the Heaven Devouring Beast Lil Tian. The little guy was so happy that he jumped around, insisting that Huang Xiaolong should roast meat that night to celebrate.

Huang Xiaolong smiled wryly. Still, in order to celebrate Blessed Buddha Emperor, Zhao Zhu, Zhang Fu, and the others’ breakthrough, Huang Xiaolong did personally barbecue meat for that night.

Lil Tian wolfed down the meat with joy, smiling from ear to ear the entire night with his oil-stained mouth.