Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

However, determining the direction or the world surface where the Black Tortoise Divine Fire could be was easier said than done...

In the blink of an eye, another ten years went by.

After spending ten years combing through all the old records he could find, Huang Xiaolong finally narrowed the Black Tortoise Divine Fire’s possible location down to nine different extreme cold seas on six different world surfaces.

One of them was Peace Emperor World!

A world surface close to the Martial Spirit World! Many years ago, the ruler of the Bedlam Lands’ most powerful city, Zhao Yi, was said to come from the Peace Emperor World!

On the other hand, after continuously refining the rank six godhead, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation had reached peak late-Seventh Order God Realm, only half a step to breaking through to Eighth Order God Realm!

Originally, according to Huang Xiaolong’s estimation, in order to break through to Eighth Order God Realm he’d need at least thirty years. But now, it seems like the time needed was less than that.

Following this speed, Huang Xiaolong believed that he’d definitely step into Eighth Order God Realm in five years’ time.

In these ten years, the Huang Family, Shi Xiaofei, Blessed Buddha Emperor, Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, Xie Puti, and the rest once again saw a huge leap in their cultivation.

His parents and both siblings had reached Tenth Order Saint realm. The strongest of them all was his nephew, Guo Xiaofan, already a late-Tenth Order Saint realm.

Blessed Buddha Emperor, Zhao Shu, and Zhang Fu were now Second Order God Realm, whereas Shi Xiaofei had reached Fourth Order God Realm.

Xie Puti, who was a peak half-step God Realm, succeeded in his breakthrough to God Realm after consuming Huang Xiaolong’s Devouring Sky Starquake Divine Pellet, becoming a First Order God Realm cultivator.

During that time, the Zhuo Family’s Zhuo Wenshan put forth a condition, saying that she would only agree to ‘associate’ with Xie Puti if he was a God Realm cultivator. Years later, Xie Puti finally succeeded.

Then again, things were no longer possible between Xie Puti and Zhuo Wenshan. So many years had passed, the two of them had not been in touch since that incident.

Six world surfaces and nine extreme cold seas were too large an area for a single person to search, but Huang Xiaolong was in no hurry to rush over in search of the Black Tortoise Divine Fire. There was still time until the Highgod Advancement Tournament, therefore he continued to pore over old records to further narrow down the search area and, ideally, pinpoint the location to a specific world surface or cold sea.

Huang Xiaolong continued to spend his days cultivating peacefully on the Golden Dragon Peak, rarely bothering himself with events happening in the outside world.

There was only one thing on his mind; the three thousand Exalted Divinity Pellets that he won from the Alchemist Grandmaster Competition were all consumed by the Huang Family, hence Huang Xiaolong was searching for herbs and elixirs in order to refine the Exalted Divinity Pellets for them.

Although the Hailstone Treasure and Xuanji Treasure had most of the required ingredients, quite a few kinds of herbs were lacking. Huang Xiaolong requested his Eldest Senior Apprentice-brother Liu Yun and Third Apprentice-sister Qi Wen to help search for them.

After finding out that Huang Xiaolong wanted to refine Exalted Divinity Pellets, both Liu Yun and Qi Wen did their best to search, inquiring in all places they could think of, and finally, helping Huang Xiaolong buy all they could.

Even so, each of these several kinds of herbs was too scarce, the amount they were able to procure wasn’t much. At most, Huang Xiaolong was able to refine twenty batches.

It the end, Huang Xiaolong managed to refine more than five hundred Exalted Divinity Pellets, each of them being tribulation grade!

It was a heaven and earth difference compared to the high grade Exalted Divinity Pellets rewarded by the Alchemist Grandmaster Association. A single tribulation grade Exalted Divinity Pellet’s efficiency was better than a hundred high grade ones.

Huang Xiaolong gave Liu Yun and Qi Wen thirty pellets each and the rest were divided between everyone on the Golden Dragon Peak.

Time continued to fly. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Another five years had gone by in the sands of time.

Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged at the center of the Xumi Temple hall as pure Buddhism energy surged out from the Ten Buddha Formation, enveloping him in a radiant cocoon of light.

Pure godforce and God’s Law flowed out from that rank six godhead hovering in front of Huang Xiaolong right into his body.

All of a sudden, the radiance enveloping Huang Xiaolong quickly expanded. It was as if countless golden rings were bursting out from his body, one after another, akin to a Buddha’s halo of light. Yet, at the same time, Huang Xiaolong’s body also released the aura of an Asura from Hell.

Buddha and Demon existing in the same body!

Shadows of golden Buddhas and Asuras flickered in and out of existence around Huang Xiaolong as the radiant rings grew increasingly bigger.

From afar, Huang Xiaolong’s surroundings had turned into a small universe of Buddhas and Demons. Benevolent Buddhas on the left, wrathful demons on the right; engendering each others’ existence, coexisting in harmony.

All of a sudden, that small universe rippled violently. Huang Xiaolong’s body quivered as consecutive sounds of eruption resounded in that small universe. A long time later, the eruptions finally stopped.

The golden rings slowly disappeared, the golden Buddhas and shadows of Asuras dimmed away.

An overwhelming delight shone from Huang Xiaolong’s eyes when he opened them—he finally broke through to Eighth Order God Realm!

Eighth Order God Realm, a step closer to Tenth Order God Realm!

All along, Huang Xiaolong felt that it was almost impossible to reach Tenth Order God Realm before the start of the Highgod Advancement Tournament, something that could barely be grasped in the palm of his hand. But now, he could see it being realized!

Checking the internal condition of his body, he saw that the time and space law threads in his soul sea had reached a staggering fifty thousand! Moreover, each thread was more than five hundred meters in length!

This would most likely scare a Ninth Order God Realm cultivator to his death, for even some late-Ninth Order God Realm cultivators had a lot less time and space law threads, nor were they as long.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong suppressed the excitement in his heart, looking at the rank six godhead in front of him. After twenty years, he had absorbed almost eighty percent of godforce and God’s Law contained inside. Presumably, in another two years, he would have absorbed everything completely.

Huang Xiaolong pointed a finger at the void and a suction force devoured a large amount of spiritual energy like rising tides. Under his time-space law compression, the spiritual energy was condensed into mid-saint grade spirit stones, raining down from the void.

Observing the small hill of mid-saint grade spirit stones before him, Huang Xiaolong nodded with satisfaction. At this rate, by the time he broke through to Tenth Order God Realm, he’d be able to condense divine grade spirit stones!

Divine grade ah!

At that time, his wealth would be unrivaled in the four galaxies!

With divine grade spirit stones, Huang Xiaolong could recruit large numbers of Tenth Order God Realm cultivators, developing a great super force in a few short years!

A super force that would surpass the Jiang, Zhu and other super forces, even surpassing the Azure Dragon Institute!

Exiting the Xumi Temple, Huang Xiaolong’s feet brought him to the main hall, where all his family members were present.

“What are you all talking about? So lively.” Huang Xiaolong asked playfully.

“Xiaolong, I was discussing with your Father. We’ve left the Martial Spirit World for so long, we were just thinking of going back to have a look. What do you think?” His mother Su Yan asked.

“Go back to Martial Spirit World?” This request really surprised Huang Xiaolong. He had never thought of this, but thinking deeper, it had been close to seventy years since his parents left the Martial Spirit World, wanting to visit their native land was understandable.

Huang Xiaolong made a swift decision, nodding with a smile, “It’s a good idea. Everyone, make the necessary preparations, we’ll return together!” Mentioning Martial Spirit World, Huang Xiaolong suddenly felt that he’d like to go back and have a look as well.

No doubt, Huang Xiaolong biggest motivation in returning to the Martial Spirit World was the Black Tortoise Divine Fire!

After so many years of combing through old records, Huang Xiaolong was convinced that the Black Tortoise Divine Fire was in the Peace Emperor World!