Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Ying Lu and the other Ying Family masters watched in dread as Huang Xiaolong shattered every bone in Ying Fei’s body with a slap. Ying Fei’s face was several shades paler, screaming in agony. Incoherent pleas for mercy could be heard in between his screams, begging for Huang Xiaolong to spare him.

Ying Lu and the others were quick to beg for mercy, yet Huang Xiaolong was indifferent. With another slap, Ying Lu and everyone else fell to the same fate as Ying Fei, every inch of their bones shattered into pieces.

Huang Xiaolong subsequently released the swarm of Poison Corpse Scarabs. After so many years of nurturing by Huang Xiaolong, these Poison Corpse Scarabs had grown many times more terrifying than before.

Fear deepened in Ying Fei, Ying Lu, and the others’ eyes as they could only watch black beetles blanketing their bodies, drowning them in darkness.

Horrific screams reverberated in the hall.

Huang Xiaolong directed these Poison Corpse Scarabs to crawl all over them, constantly biting instead of devouring them in mere seconds.

Shortly after, Huang Peng, Su Yan, Huang Xiaohai, and the rest appeared in the hall. Clearly, all the Ying Family guards and soldiers outside were dead.

One day later, Lil’ Tian returned from the Spring Faun Empire; Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, and the rest also arrived at the Huang Clan Manor after finishing their tasks.

The Ying Family guards and soldiers in the Spring Faun Empire, as well as other locations, were just a matter of a wave of the hand to Lil’ Tian, Huang Xiaoyong, and the rest. Each kingdom they passed by on the way barely took a bit of their time.

When everyone assembled at the Huang Clan Manor, their spatial rings were filled with Ying Family Saint Realm disciples’ corpses, from high-level Saint realm to mid and early levels.

The reason why Huang Xiaolong requested everyone to do this was because Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi said that there was some use for these Saint realm cultivators’ corpses.

Thus Huang Xiaolong also took the corpses of those Saint realm and above cultivators.

Although he didn’t know what Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi planned to do with these Ying Family’s disciples, Elders, and Grand Elders’ corpses, he believed there must be a reason why he said this.

Of course, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t going to let Ying Fei, Ying Lu, and the Ying Family people at the Huang Clan Manor die a quick and easy death. For that, he hung them upside down at the Luo Tong Kingdom city gate, allowing the Poison Corpse Scarabs to torture them for a full ten days before completely wiping them out. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

After all the Ying Family disciples and soldiers on the Snow Wind Continent were exterminated, Huang Xiaolong ordered all the big families’ Patriarchs, the Royal Families of every kingdom, and the original imperial families of all empires to have Snow Wind Continent on lockdown to prevent the news from being leaked.

An order from Huang Xiaolong had the entire Snow Wind Continent retreat into a shell.

If, in the past, Huang Xiaolong was the Martial Spirit World’s Lord Beast God, then now, to every family, kingdom, and empire, Huang Xiaolong was their supreme God.

Huang Xiaolong’s order was the ultimate order.

With the entire Snow Wind Continent on lockdown, Huang Xiaolong and the rest did not dally at the Huang Clan Manor. On the same day, they left Snow Wind Continent and headed to Starcloud Continent.

Huang Xiaolong aimed to slaughter all of them before both the Ying and Zhao Families realized what was going on.

In only five days’ time, Huang Xiaolong’s group cleaned up the Starcloud Continent, Bedlam Lands, and Ten Directions Continent at the speed of a hurricane sweeping leaves off the ground, killing all the Ying and Zhao Families’ Grand Elders, disciples, and soldiers.

Despite Huang Xiaolong ordering for a lockdown, the news of his return to the Martial Spirit World still reached several Grand Elders of both families.

Out of thirty-two Grand Elders of Ying and Zhao Families, Huang Xiaolong only killed twenty-seven.

For example, among the four Grand Elder brothers, Huang Xiaolong only killed Ying Fei, Ying Lu, and the third brother. No one knew where the fourth brother had disappeared to.

...

Night gradually took over the sky.

Huang Xiaolong stood on the mountain peak behind the Huang Clan Manor. Looking at the brightly lit Huang Clan Manor at the foothills, his furrowing brows deepened.

Today was the sixth day since they were back in Martial Spirit World. True, all the Zhao and Ying Family members that came here were exterminated, thoroughly exterminated. But the cause of Huang Xiaolong’s frown and headache at the moment was the restoration of the damage done by these two families in the Martial Spirit World!

After several decades of wanton exploitation of Martial Spirit World’s resources, fertile lands became a stretch of dead barren lands. Countless ore veins were completely excavated, the herb harvested by the roots, beasts captured, towns and villages massacred.

The Martial Spirit World’s spiritual energy as a whole was severely damaged. What was he to do to restore Martial Spirit World’s spiritual energy? What way was there?

Regardless of how many sacred grade and divine grade spirit stones Huang Xiaolong had, it couldn’t help restore Martial Spirit World’ condition in a short time.

The more Huang Xiaolong thought of this, the angrier he became. If there weren’t so many things he needed to take care of in the Martial Spirit World at the moment, he’d rush to Peace Emperor World and Twin Celestial World, completely annihilating the Zhao and Ying Families.

“It’s not like there’s no method to restore Martial Spirit World’s spiritual energy in a short time,” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi said.

Huang Xiaolong blanked for a moment before responding with a huge grin, “Old Dragon, you have a way?”

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi smiled, saying, “Of course. I know a blood sacrifice law that you can use. With those Ying and Zhao corpses as sacrifices, have their flesh and blood become a part of Martial Spirit World. As long as there are enough Saint realm and God Realm corpses, Martial Spirit World’s spiritual energy would be able to recover very soon.”

Huang Xiaolong was dumbfounded: “Use the Ying and Zhao disciples’ corpses for a blood sacrifice!?”

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi nodded, “Otherwise, why would I have you collect all those Ying and Zhao Families’ Saint realm and God Realm corpses?” Then, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi elaborated about the blood sacrifice law to Huang Xiaolong.

When Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi finished describing the blood sacrifice law, Huang Xiaolong finally understood why this method would be able to restore Martial Spirit World’s spiritual energy in a short time.

Imagine, which Saint realm cultivator hadn’t consumed countless herb elixirs and spirit pellets in the duration of several hundred years, even a thousand years of cultivation to finally reach the Saint realm?

Their flesh and blood contained an alarming amount of spiritual energy.

Even more so those God Realm cultivators’ corpses. A drop of blood essence from a God Realm cultivator dropped into a normal small river was enough to transform the river, turning it into a river of spiritual energy.

And this blood sacrifice law integrated these powerful cultivators’ flesh and blood into the whole Martial Spirit World, using their blood essence and spiritual energy to restore Martial Spirit World’s depleted energy.

Immediately, not wasting a second further, Huang Xiaolong flew up into the air. According to the method Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi explained earlier, he began offering Ying and Zhao Families disciples’ corpses as sacrifice.

Corpses of both families’ disciples floated in the air around Huang Xiaolong as he chanted the incantation, moving his hands in a particular manner. Every corpse that Huang Xiaolong’s finger pointed at released a bright bloody light.

In the next instant, those corpses entered the earth, moving to the deepest part of the great earth, becoming one with Martial Spirit World. Before long, waves of spiritual energy began to float out.

One day and one night later, under Huang Xiaolong’s blood sacrifice law, these Ying and Zhao Families’ corpses had completely become a part of Martial Spirit World.

By the time Huang Xiaolong stopped, he could clearly feel that, with the Huang Clan Manor as the center, the entire Duanren Empire’s spiritual energy was ten times more vibrant, slowly spreading to the neighboring empires.

Huang Xiaolong was ecstatic, he didn’t expect this blood sacrifice law to be so effective.

However, these Ying and Zhao Families’ corpses were still far from sufficient, merely changing half of the Snow Wind Continent’s condition.

“It seems like it’s time I go to Peace Emperor World.” A cold glint flickered in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes. After he annihilates both the Ying and Zhao Families, there would be enough Saint realm and God Realm corpses to help Martial Spirit World recover its balance.

Of course, other than annihilating these two families, the Black Tortoise Divine Fire was just as important.