Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As Huang Xiaolong observed the seemingly endless stretch of white water, tiny creases wrinkled his brows. In front of him was the Black North Sea, the largest sea in the Peace Emperor World, and also one of the coldest seas in the entire Black Tortoise Galaxy.

However, despite the high probability of the Black Tortoise Divine Fire being here in the Black North Sea, in its deepest region, it was still a difficult and troublesome search.

Above the Black North Sea, thin sleets of ice drifted down.

Huang Xiaolong extended one hand out to catch of one falling ice sleet—freezing cold! So cold that Huang Xiaolong’s entire arm went numb.

He was already an Eighth Order God Realm master, and on top of that, Huang Xiaolong possessed the True Dragon Physique. More likely than not, he had the strongest physique among cultivators below Tenth Order God Realm.

Even so, his whole arm was numb from a single sleet of ice! One could imagine how terrifying this ice sleet was. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

His current location was considered as the outer area of the Black North Sea, if he was in the deepest part, even with Huang Xiaolong’s True Dragon Physique, he’d still become a frozen icicle.

Going through all possible methods in his mind, Huang Xiaolong summoned the Godly Mt. Xumi and entered it. Driving the Godly Mt. Xumi, he flew into the deeper parts, but an hour later, he was surprised to discover that even the Godly Mt. Xumi could not completely resist the Black North Sea’s frigid temperature.

Although the Godly Mt. Xumi was a treasure of the Buddhist World, its main function was to restrain evil spirits and demons.

About an hour later, Huang Xiaolong had no other option but to put away the Godly Mt. Xumi, floating down on a deserted island.

“There are a lot of Flamedragon Flints and Yang Phoenix Stones inside the Hailstone and Xuanji Treasures, you can use to them forge a Yang element divine artifact,” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi suggested.

“Forge something myself?” Huang Xiaolong’s mind went blank. He had never thought of forging a divine artifact himself.

“There are similarities between alchemy and forging. Based on your true immortal essence fire, forging a Yang element divine artifact should be easy,” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi added.

Huang Xiaolong nodded in agreement.

On the spot, Huang Xiaolong took out the Thousand Worlds Divine Furnace, then the Flamedragon Flints and Yang Phoenix Stones from the Hailstone and Xuanji Treasures, as well as several other ore materials and five different kinds of iron from the Divine World.

These dozen or so materials that Huang Xiaolong took out, each of them was the most Yang materials in nature in the Black Tortoise Galaxy, especially rare.

A palm-sized Flamedragon Flint would fetch millions of Xuanwu coins in an auction. But to Huang Xiaolong, these Flamedragon Flints and Yang Phoenix Stones were no different than common mined materials.

Under Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s guidance, Huang Xiaolog’s hands began to move; the Flamedragon Flints and the other ores and iron, including the ones from the Divine World, formed a fire dragon, entering the Thousand Worlds Divine Furnace.

Following that, manipulating his true immortal essence fire, he slowly melted the irons and ores inside the Thousand Worlds Furnace individually before gradually having them blend into one.

Several hours later, the divine furnace emitted a resplendent light as a something glowing ember-red flew out from within. It rose and grew bigger with the wind; sixty meters in length, with a width of thirty meters, and thirty meters tall, looking like a ship whilst not.

“What is this thing?” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi looked at the object hovering in the air, surprised.

Huang Xiaolong thought for a second, answering, “Hm, naval vessel.”

“Naval vessel?” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi was undeniably confused at this term he had never heard before.

Huang Xiaolong nodded, this was something he recreated copying naval vessels from his past life on Earth. Then again, this naval vessel was on a whole other level compared to the ones on Earth.

Then, Huang Xiaolong inscribed several fire-based arrays on the vessel’s body, protective and attack formations, as well as a wind acceleration array. He also added diagrams of fire-related divine beasts like the Flame Dragon, Phoenix, Fiery Lion, and others.

A day later, Huang Xiaolong was admiring his handiwork with satisfaction. The sublime naval vessel was named Flame Dragon Vessel.

“It’s finally finished. Only, I don’t know about its speed.” Huang Xiaolong tapped a foot against the ground, landing on the Flame Dragon Vessel’s deck in a light leap. Taking out a hundred pieces of top divine grade spirit stone, he sent them into the central formation.

In an instant, the Flame Dragon Vessel rose from the deserted island, entering the waters of the Black North Sea and speeding forward at an unprecedented speed.

As the Flame Dragon Vessel speed forward, the diagrams of Flame Dragon, Phoenix, Fiery Lion, and other fire element divine beasts emitted a brilliant glow. Abstract images of these divine beasts circled around the naval vessel. From afar, it looked as if a group of fire element divine beasts protecting the ship.

The dozen fire-based arrays that Huang Xiaolong inscribed earlier automatically activated, forming a fire element barrier that enveloped the whole naval vessel.

Drifting ice sleets from above were kept away by this fire element barrier.

Standing on the deck, Huang Xiaolong actually did not feel any cold air, in fact, it was warm and comfortable like spring weather. Huang Xiaolong was happy with the result, perhaps the only complaint he had was that the Flame Dragon Vessel’s speed was below his expectations.

Despite the high-level wind acceleration array he inscribed on the vessel’s body, it was much slower compared to Huang Xiaolong’s own flying speed. At most, its speed was comparable to a Seventh Order God Realm cultivator.

At this speed, it would take at least half a month to reach the deeper parts of the Black North Sea.

Then again, at the moment, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t in a hurry. Thus the speed problem was negligible.

After a while, Huang Xiaolong sat in a meditative position on the deck, took out the rank six godhead and began refining.

Although the speed Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation seemed much slower than before after breaking into Eighth Order God Realm, his cultivation still rose higher than the time he left Golden Dragon Peak by religiously refining the rank six godhead.

Though the Black North Sea was an extreme cold sea, there were various kinds of ice element beasts living in its waters.

As the Flame Dragon Vessel moved forward, it was inevitable that it would be attacked by the territorial beasts. However, the strength of these beasts was on the weaker side, most of them were below God Realm, while still on the outer periphery of the Black North Sea. Their attacks falling on the Flame Dragon Vessel’s barrier were like an ant trying to shake a tree. The naval vessel remained steady as it sped onward.

Huang Xiaolong was able to cultivate in peace.

Two days quickly passed.

It was a peaceful two days’ journey.

While the Flame Dragon Vessel was skidding along the water surface of the Black North Sea toward the deeper regions, on a big island up ahead stood a magnificent building structure built from ice.

This ice building was a branch of the Nether Ice Palace.

“Young Palace Lord, we discovered a large strange object that resembles a ship moving on the water surface in our direction.” North Black Branch Leader Gao Haiming reported the matter to the Young Palace Lord of the Nether Ice Palace, Lu Ruibing.

The Nether Ice Palace’s Young Palace Lord Lu Ruibing was doubtful, “Strange object that resembles a large ship?” Things of this level needed to be reported to him?

Gao Haiming continued, “This strange looking ship is very likely a divine artifact, moreover, it is an extreme Yang divine artifact. It’s moving at high speed, comparable to an average Seventh Order God Realm master.”

Lu Ruibing’s eyes lit up: “Divine artifact of Extreme Yang nature!”

Lu Ruibing was very clear what an extreme Yang divine artifact meant for their Nether Ice Palace.

In the past, his parents had exhausted all ways and methods to get an extreme Yang divine artifact, but their wish was never fulfilled.

“How many people does the other side have?” Lu Ruibing could barely hide the excitement from his voice.

“Replying to Young Palace Lord, the other side only has one person.” Hai Haiming answered.

“One person?” Lu Ruibing was dazed for a second, then he went mad with joy.