Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Sensing that odd energy fluctuation coming from the giant ice island below made Huang Xiaolong, who had been bitterly searching for the Black Tortoise Divine Fire, feel a rush of elation.

In this deep region of the Black North Sea, there were no living creatures. If so, what did an out of nowhere odd energy fluctuation represent?!

Huang Xiaolong immediately steered the Flame Dragon Vessel downwards, lowering it twenty meters down before letting it hover in the air as he spread out his divine sense, carefully trying to pinpoint the origin of that odd energy fluctuation.

However, Huang Xiaolong ended feeling vexed again, for when he spread his divine sense searching for its location, the odd energy fluctuation disappeared.

Half an hour later, Huang Xiaolong steered the Flame Dragon Vessel up into the air, flying around the large ice island twice, but the odd energy fluctuation did not appear again.

It even made Huang Xiaolong wonder if he had imagined it.

“One more time, carefully!” Just as Huang Xiaolong begin to doubt himself, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s voice sounded.

Huang Xiaolong did not expect Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi to say that, did he feel the fluctuation as well?

“The Black Tortoise Divine Fire is one of four divine fires, possessing unfathomable power, if it was so easily discovered, then it wouldn’t be the Black Tortoise Divine Fire.” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi added.

Huang Xiaolong nodded in agreement, maneuvering the Flame Dragon Vessel around the island as his divine sense carefully searched the island.

Still, one hour later, there were no signs of that energy fluctuation.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyebrows were scrunched together observing the island below when an extremely weak fluctuation caught his attention.

His eyes lit up, tilting his neck slightly looking at an iceberg up ahead.

That extremely weak fluctuation came from that iceberg.

A moment later, after steering the Flame Dragon Vessel, Huang Xiaolong reached the targeted iceberg.

After confirming that the odd energy fluctuation came from this iceberg, he began to observe the iceberg in detail. He quickly discovered its difference from other icebergs.

The ice that formed on this mountain was more transparent and brighter, moreover, it reflected a soft blue hue. He was able to detect a very weak but distinctive and pure ice element qi.

“Break open this iceberg and see,” said Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi.

Break open? Huang Xiaolong was momentarily taken aback, then nodded in agreement. His palm slammed down on the ice surface in front of him, but the result astonished him.

The force of his palm dissipated upon reaching the ice, vanishing all of a sudden, while the iceberg remained undisturbed.

This...?! A sharp light flickered in his eyes.

“Such fearsome devouring force!” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s expression grew solemn.

Huang Xiaolong used a significant amount of force in his attack just now, yet it disappeared almost instantly being, devoured by the iceberg!

Although Huang Xiaolong was an Eighth Order God Realm, the strike of his palm was comparable to a late-Ninth Order God Realm master. Just now, the force of his palm was swallowed without a ripple or a sound, proving how terrifying that devouring force was.

“Try attacking it with all your strength.” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi pondered then suggested to Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong nodded, leaping into the air and summoning his twin dragon martial spirits, the blue and black dragons, soul transforming in an instant. At the same time, he triggered the Asure bloodline within his body, causing streams of frigid Asura qi to surge out from his skin.

Finally, one thousand arms fanned out behind Huang Xiaolong. Letting out a thunderous shout, an attack encompassing all elements of his strength struck down. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The Fifteenth Move of the Dragon God: Unrivaled Myriad Dragons!

Tens of thousands of divine dragons flew out, submerging the iceberg.

In the next moment, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes became large as fists as he stared in shock at the iceberg that looked as serene as always even after taking his strongest attack.

The iceberg didn’t even tremble.

An aureate light flashed as Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi flew out from the Dragon Pearl’s space, appearing in front of Huang Xiaolong.

“Let me try!” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi spoke in a serious tone. Immediately, his vast innate dragon power surged out and his four claws slammed down on the iceberg with his full strength.

Suddenly, a blinding white light exploded from the iceberg, revealing a large white spatial crack before Huang Xiaolong and Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi. Their bodies staggered, and in that split second, both of them were sucked into that spatial crack.

Huang Xiaolong felt as if heaven and earth were spinning like a top. When he opened his eyes again, he was in a world of ice and snow.

Spheres of icy-snow drifted from the sky above, furthermore, this icy-snow emitted ice blue fire!

All of a sudden, a ball of icy-snow fire plummeted directly above Huang Xiaolong’s head. Startled, Huang Xiaolong leaped away, avoiding injury.

When the icy-snow fireball flew past Huang Xiaolong, he felt the horrifying destructive power within. When it fell to the ground, the icy ground actually melted, leaving a hole for the icy-snow fireball to enter deep into the ground.

But, the melted ground ‘recovered’ quickly.

What a strange space!

“This, could this be the legendary chaos space?!” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi exclaimed.

“Chaos space?” Huang Xiaolong was perplexed.

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi nodded, “A Saint realm expert can form a Saint Realm space, a God Realm master can form a God Realm space, so can a Highgod Realm master. However, this legendary chaos space is born from Chaos itself. No one has ever seen how a chaos space looks like, so I’m not sure if this is it or not.”

As Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi and Huang Xiaolong were conversing, the icy-snow world quaked like it was about to shatter.

Huang Xiaolong flew high up into the air, but was shaken by the chaotic space force.

To Huang Xiaolong and Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s surprise, all the surrounding icy-snow spheres flew toward a certain direction, gathering.

More and more icy-snow flames gathered. Their blinding white light intensified, then exploded, its light scattering like a brilliant diamond.

When the light dissipated, an enormous creature formed from the icy-snow fire appeared in front of Huang Xiaolong and Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi.

Looking closely, this enormous creature turned out to be a black tortoise, tall and wide like a great mountain. On top of its shell laid a similarly large snake.

“Black Tortoise Divine Fire!” The words flew out from Huang Xiaolong’s mouth.

The moment Huang Xiaolong’s voice sounded, that giant black tortoise and enormous snake formed from icy-snow flames opened their mouths, sucking Huang Xiaolong to their side.

Huang Xiaolong was afraid. He tried to dodge, but to his horror, he couldn’t move at all. Even Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi with his innate dragon qi was unable to help Huang Xiaolong.

In the blink of an eye, Huang Xiaolong was swallowed by the Black Tortoise Divine Fire.

To Huang Xiaolong, everything turned black as he lost consciousness.

Not knowing how long had passed, in his blurry consciousness, Huang Xiaolong felt as if he was floating aimlessly in a sea of fire, he felt as if he himself was the fire.

More timed passed. Suddenly, Huang Xiaolong felt cold, very, very cold. Cold that pierced his bones, as if he was entirely wrapped by ice. Not only his flesh, blood, meridians, and bones were cold, even his soul seemed frozen.

Once again, Huang Xiaolong lost conscious.

When he was vaguely conscious, he was back in the sea of fire, and he was fire.

Following that, frigid ice enveloped him.

Hot, then cold, repeatedly.

When he was in the sea of fire, Huang Xiaolong felt extremely comfortable, whereas in the frigid coldness, he hovered between life and death.