Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Despite having two icy-snow fire longswords formed from Black Tortoise Divine Fire keeping the Nine Color Corpse Poison at bay in a hundred zhang radius, Huang Xiaolong still felt his scalp tingling just by looking around him.

Only a poison that had reached extreme toxicity had color, and this nine-colored poison was definitely an apical poison.

As strong as Huang Xiaolong’s True Dragon Physique was at this point, just a small area of skin coming in contact with the Nine Color Corpse Poison would give Huang Xiaolong quite a torment.

At this point, Shi Xiaofei’s body emitted a soft yet bright Buddhism light, forming a protective barrier. At the same time, she fully activated the Xuanji Amor she was wearing.

Huang Xiaolong tightly held Shi Xiaofei’s hand, as firm as he could without hurting her, flying forward.

There was no turning back now.

They could only continue forward.

As the Nine Color Corpse Poison gathered, the two figures disappeared into the thick sea of poison.

Within the sea of Nine Color Corpse Poison, Huang Xiaolong spread his divine sense, covering a radius of a hundred li around them.

The Black Tortoise Divine Fire long swords were an effective protection method, but the rate at which they were depleting his god battle qi was worrying. Even though he was already a late-Eighth Order God Realm, he could last two hours at most.

If they were still trapped within this sea of Nine Color Corpse Poison after two hours, things would get dangerous.

As Huang Xiaolong concentrated in surveying the surroundings with his divine sense, a sudden strange wail rang in the air.

Both Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei turned toward the direction of the strange wail. What they saw was a strange beast that looked like a snake, its body was roughly a dozen meters long and glimmering with rainbow colors, yet it exuded a death aura. As it plummeted to the ground, its whole body froze and was burned to ashes in the next second.

It was apparent that this strange beast was trying to attack Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei, but it was killed by the Black Tortoise Divine Fire longswords.

“That was a Tailless Corpse Worm!” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi sounded grim as he went on to explain, “An appalling and terrifying strange creature, attacking without making any sound nor energy fluctuations. Even those perfection stage Tenth Order God Ream masters would suffer if bitten by it, their bodies would rot in less than ten breaths. I’d say that all those high-level God Realm demonic beasts were killed by this Tailless Corpse Worm!”

Both Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei had goosebumps running down their backs.

Attack without making a sound or energy fluctuations!

No wonder Huang Xiaolong was oblivious to its presence, even Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi did not sense it. If it weren’t the Black Tortoise Divine Fire longswords protecting them...

Thinking of what could have happened, Huang Xiaolong’s heart palpitated.

He didn’t expect this sea of corpses to give birth to such a strange creature, even more horrifying than those Poison Corpse Scarabs he had tamed in the past.

Seemingly, the reason for that Black Dungeon Tarragon’s fear was this Tailles Corpse Worm, right? Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Due to the Tailles Corpse Worm incident, Huang Xiaolong’s vigilance increased. Fortunately, with the Black Tortoise Divine Fire’s protection, as terrifying as the Tailless Corpse Worm was, it wouldn’t be able to get close to the two of them.

From time to time, another Tailless Corpse Worm would die from the icy-snow longswords.

What relieved Huang Xiaolong was the fact this Nine Color Corpse Poison sea was smaller than he had imagined. Half an hour later, they flew out from the nine-colored poisonous fog.

Looking back at the nine-colored sea of poison fog behind him, Huang Xiaolong exhaled in relief.

They were finally out of that place!

Those Tailless Corpse Worms were born inside the unique climate of the Nine Color Corpse Poison sea. As long as they were out from there, they need not worry about further attacks.

Huang Xiaolong turned his head back to the front and saw a large ancient city!

Both Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei were stunned.

There was such a large ancient city on the Heavenly Mountain?! Even Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi was surprised by the discovery.

During his time, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi too had also come to this Heavenly Mountain, but he had never heard of any rumors about an ancient city on the Heavenly Mountain.

“We’re already here, we might as well take a look inside.” Huang Xiaolong said, looking at the ancient city. Then, he turned to Shi Xiaofei, “Shall we go in and see?”

Shi Xiaofei nodded. She, of course, has no objection.

Holding her hand in his, the two of them headed toward the ancient city.

At the same time, Huang Xiaolong retrieved the Black Tortoise Divine Fire long swords into his body, popped a Thousand Worlds Divine Pellet into his mouth and employed Instant Recovery to replenish his consumed god battle qi.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei reached the ancient city, whose walls were mottled from the erosion of time.

Standing on top of the tall city walls, Huang Xiaolong looked inside the city; the streets were wide, with peculiar-shaped building structures lining them. Yet, it was an empty city!

Not the tiniest signs of life nor energy fluctuation could be felt.

Hesitating slightly, Huang Xiaolong took a deep breath and led Shi Xiaofei flying into the ancient city.

Hovering a hundred meters in the air above the ancient city, Huang Xiaolong once again spread out his divine sense.

“Head north of the ancient city!” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi suddenly urged.

Huang Xiaolong was perplexed; north of the ancient city?!

“Old Dragon, what did you find?” Huang Xiaolong curiously asked.

“I sensed a strange energy fluctuation from that direction!” said Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi.

Strange energy fluctuation!

Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei immediately flew toward the north side of the ancient city.

When they arrived at the north side, Huang Xiaolong also sensed the strange energy fluctuation that Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi spoke of.

‘This seems to be...?!’ Light glimmered in Huang Xiaolong’s eyes.

Once, before he broke through to God Realm, at the time he found the innate spiritual embryo, he felt a similar energy fluctuation. However, the innate spiritual embryo fluctuation was not as strong as this.

Could it be, there was another innate spiritual embryo somewhere in front?

A stronger one!

The more Huang Xiaolong thought of it, the higher the possibility of it seemed to him. Pulling Shi Xiaofei, he increased his speed.

Moments later, they reached the source of the strange energy fluctuations.

Looking at the blood red pool below that covered several hundred square feet, Huang Xiaolong was momentarily dazed. The red blood inside the blood pool actually reflected a hint of golden, not only was there no disturbing scent of blood, it actually emitted a faint fragrance. It felt as if the blood pool had some kind of magical allure that made people mildly inebriated just by looking at it.

A moment later, Huang Xiaolong recovered his senses.

“Heavenly God’s blood pool!!” Almost in unison, the three of them, Huang Xiaolong, Shi Xiaofei, and Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi exclaimed.

After the surprised exclamation, even for someone like Huang Xiaolong who possessed the Black Tortoise Divine Fire couldn’t help feeling ecstatic.

The Heavenly God’s blood pool was actually inside this ancient city!

Thinking that he would very soon possess both the True Dragon Physique and an Etheric Physique, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t stop himself from laughing.

“Little Huang brat, time is of the essence, quickly enter the blood pool!” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi anxiously urged.

Without delay, Huang Xiaolong hurried into the blood pool, pulling Shi Xiaofei with him.

Just as he entered the blood pool, Huang Xiaolong was enveloped by an unfamiliar energy. Both of them quickly sat down cross-legged, circulating their cultivation techniques to absorb this strange energy.

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi flew out from the Dragon Pearl’s space, hovering above the blood pool, also absorbing the energy from the blood pool.

In a matter of seconds, the three of them were enshrouded by a reddish golden blood mist.

From the core of his soul to every pore of his body, Huang Xiaolong felt unprecedentedly comfortable, his strength began to increase at a rapid speed.

His cultivation at late-Eighth Order very soon advanced to peak late-Eighth Order God Realm. Even after that, Huang Xiaolong’s strength was still increasing.