Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

On the receiving end of Wude’s piercing stare, Huang Xiaolong had a feeling that he was being preyed on by a fierce beast.

Still, he was calm, not worried about the possibility that Wude would be able to find anything suspicious.

The ‘Cheng Huai’an’ he transformed into using his true immortal force was a perfect replica. Unless the real Cheng Huai’an was still alive, no one could tell the difference.

Suddenly, Wude’s stern face softened into a grin, “You kid did good, I heard you cut off Liang Guang’s lower part, and even broke his arms, excellent!

This was the highest degree of praise.

Huang Xiaolong was inwardly relieved.

But he knew that Wude and Liang Guang’s Master, Qian Lian, who was the overseer of the Inheritance Hall, had never seen eye to eye. Thus, this was an added reason why Huang Xiaolong wasn’t worried of repercussions when he sliced off Liang Guang’s piece of meat.

Wude continued speaking, “But you’re too lenient, next time, directly shatter that punk’s Qi Sea. If anything happens, Master will take care of it!”

Huang Xiaolong was rendered speechless.

No doubt, this Wude was a brutal and violent character.

Following that, Wude asked about ‘Cheng Huai’an’ breaking through to Seventh Order God Realm, and Huang Xiaolong repeated the excuse he gave Qi Qianqian and the others.

Huang Xiaolong subsequently took out several bottles of sacred grade divine pellets and several top divine grade spirit stones to show his ‘filiality’ to Wude, claiming that he got them from the ancient Highgod Realm master’s dwelling.

Wude laughed happily, his eyes formed two thin slits receiving the bottles of sacred grade divine pellets and top divine grade spirit stones from Huang Xiaolong. Patting Huang Xiaolong’s shoulder, Wude reassured Huang Xiaolong that he could come look for him anytime if there were any problems.

Though Wude was a Vermilion Bird Institute Grand Elder, sacred grade divine pellets were also something hard to come by to him. One top divine grade spirit stone was close to eighty million Zhuque coins and these several spirit stones were equivalent to several hundred million. One could hardly blame Wude for his change of attitude, laughing happily with Huang Xiaolong.

When Huang Xiaolong was leaving, Wude stated that he need not worry about Liang Guang, and if Liang Guang dared to come seeking revenge, Huang Xiaolong could directly cripple him. It was fine as long as Liang Guang was still breathing.

Having this guarantee from Wude, Huang Xiaolong could be at ease, at least regarding Liang Guang.

Coming out from Wude’s Death Prison Peak, he returned to the Lightning Fire Peak instead of the library, entering the Godly Mt. Xumi to cultivate.

Cultivating was just as important as searching for information regarding the Vermilion Bird Divine Fire. Huang Xiaolong aimed to break through to Tenth Order God Realm in the shortest time possible.

Increasing his strength to Tenth Order God Realm would mean that he had a better assurance of his safety.

The night quickly passed.

When Huang Xiaolong exited the Xumi Temple, the sun had risen over the horizon. Huang Xiaolong gave a lazy stretch under the sunshine. Looking at the ethereal beauty of nature, he stopped to admire for a while.

A short time later, Huang Xiaolong left the Lightning Fire Peak in a flicker. Half a day later, he once again arrived at library, back to the last bookshelf and began spreading his divine sense, checking the books.

Time seemed to trickle by at accelerated speed, and in the blink of an eye, half a year had passed.

The majority of this half a year was spent inside the Vermillion Bird Institute. Other than the first floor of the library, the rest of his time was spent cultivating on the Lightning Fire Peak.

Despite half passing by, Huang Xiaolong was still on the first floor, for the books were just too many. Until now, he had merely covered half of the first floor and needed another half a year to finish the first floor.

However, this half a year searching wasn’t in vain.

At the very least, Huang Xiaolong had a vague understanding of the Vermilion Bird Divine Fire.

At the very least, he was able to determine that it was somewhere in the Vermilion Bird Galaxy. Where the Vermilion Bird Divine Fire was, that place would definitely be related to fire.

Of course, Huang Xiaolong’s strength had been improving daily. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

By now, the Black Tortoise Divine Fire had completely become part of him. Even without him sitting down and circulating his cultivation technique, the Black Tortoise Divine Fire would absorb star force on its own, continuously tempering Huang Xiaolong’s physique. It was just that it was slightly less effective compared to him actually meditating.

One thing that baffled Huang Xiaolong was Liang Guang’s silence in this half a year. However, he was sure that Liang Guang would not tuck his tail and behave. At that time, when Huang Xiaolong cut off Liang Guang’s ‘little brother’, he also sealed the veins and acupoints around his groin, thus there was no chance of Liang Guang ever recovering.

Liang Guang didn’t come for him. Surprisingly, it was Qi Qianqian that came knocking. Qi Qianqian couldn’t find him at the Lightning Fire Peak, thus she came to the library.

This was a cause of headache for Huang Xiaolong.

Qi Qianqian sought him out not because Cheng Huai’an molested her, instead she was trying to get close to him using some clumsy excuses.

After a few times, even a fool could guess that Qi Qianqian had most likely taken a liking to Cheng Huai’an.

Personally, Huang Xiaolong didn’t know what to say about this.

Could it be because Cheng Huai’an touched her breast and butt? Or because the manly and domineering scene where he cut off Liang Guang’s ‘little brother’ moved her?

Due to Qi Qianqian’s presence in the library at a range close to him, Huang Xiaolong’s progress in searching for the Vermilion Bird Divine Fire slowed considerably. Several days earlier, it came to a point where Huang Xiaolong bluntly told Qi Qianqian never to come looking for him in the library, else he’d strip her naked in public.

Qu Qianqian left fuming in anger.

Finally, Qi Qianqian stopped showing up in the library, which brought Huang Xiaolong a great relief.

He wouldn’t be staying in the Vermilion Bird Institute for long and did not wish to associate with the disciples here.

Another half a year went by.

Huang Xiaolong had finally gone through all the books on the first floor, and on the second year, he began searching the second floor. Luckily, the books on the second floor were half the amount on the first floor, thus Huang Xiaolong was able to finish the second floor in a short half a year, moving onto the third floor.

All elite disciples were allowed to enter and leave the fourth floor of the Vermilion Bird Institute library, thus Huang Xiaolong did not run into any restrictions as he continued.

Time continued to flow. By now, six years had passed.

Huang Xiaolong finally finished reading through all ten floors above ground of the Vermilion Bird Institute library.

By this point, Huang Xiaolong already could determine that the Vermilion Divine Fire was located in one of the volcanoes amongst one of Vermilion Bird Galaxy world surfaces in the south!

Moreover, it would be a dead volcano that had been slumbering for many, many years!

However, there were too many of this kind of dead volcanoes, ranging from ten thousand to a hundred thousand.

Hence, Huang Xiaolong needed to search for more information, to eliminate and pinpoint the possibilities down to a certain world surface.

On this day, Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged inside the Xumi Temple on the Lightning Fire Peak. His body was shrouded in a bright light as spheres of Black Tortoise star force poured down from the void into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

Battle qi roiled inside his Qi Sea, and his soul sea was shining like a white sun, with a white gold light.

Huang Xiaolong was devouring the falling star force madly, he had a strong feeling that tonight, he would break through to Tenth Order God Realm! Tenth Order God Realm!

Huang Xiaolong’s consciousness entered into an ethereal state; as if he didn’t exist in this heaven and earth, and yet he was one with this heaven and earth at the same time.

All of a sudden, the whole Lightning Fire Peak’s spiritual energy surged, and inside the Xumi Temple, spiritual energy was flowing violently.

Huang Xiaolong’s body shook as brilliant starlight burst out from his body.