Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Xiaolong concealed his presence as he flew upward along the mountain until he arrived above a cliff. He heaved in relief after determining that no demonic beasts were chasing behind him.

He took out the Luminous Wings Flying Serpent from his Asura Ring and began soul-scouring it. When he finished, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes brightened with excitement.

From this Luminous Wings Flying Serpent’s memories, he finally found the location of the Fire Scaled Beast’s cave.

However, the shocking news was, there wasn’t only one Fire Scaled Beast but two. Actually, it was a pair of male and female!

More importantly, both demonic beasts’ strength was at the perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm!

Unlike what Wan Long said, between mid to late-Tenth Order God Realm. Huang Xiaolong’s gaze grew serious after his delight and excitement passed.

Without a doubt, capturing two perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm Fire Scaled Beasts was harder than defeating Wan Long.

On top of that, Huang Xiaolong confirmed from the Luminous Wings Flying Serpent’s memories that there indeed were Highgod Realm demonic beasts living on the Firecloud Mountain; not one, but three!

They were three Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs with ancient fierce beast bloodline.

The Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs’ greatest advantage was their amazing speed. Not to mention their claws that could crush almost anything, or their quick and sharp attacks. Huang Xiaolong wasn’t very confident in being able to kill one, what more three Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs.

Against three Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs, Huang Xiaolong could only hide and run.

Then again, he was unwilling to leave just like this, not when he finally found the Fire Scaled Beasts’ cave. If he could obtain both Fire Scale Beasts’ cores, Huang Xiaolong could significantly increase his soul clarity.

Therefore, despite knowing that there were three Highgod Realm Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs up on the Firecloud Mountain’s peak, Huang Xiaolong was determined to head to the Fire Scale Cave.

Half an hour later, Huang Xiaolong was standing in front of the Fire Scale Cave close to the peak. The cave opening was wide and about three to four meters tall, yet hidden out of sight with tall weeds obscuring it. Moreover, a concealing formation was arranged around the entrance, making it harder for anyone to discover the cave entrance.

Huang Xiaolong easily undid the concealing formation around the entrance, disappearing into the cave in a flicker.

The environment inside the Fire Scale Cave was sweltering hot and dry. Weaved between the dry hotness were scarlet spheres of energy that differed from the Fire World’s energy. Those scarlet spheres emitted a soft golden glow.

From those scarlet spheres, Huang Xiaolong detected a certain scent that was similar to sandalwood, thus it wasn’t repulsive. This was probably the Fire Scaled Beast’s unique scent.

Huang Xiaolong carefully spread his divine sense deep into the cave while concealing his own presence as he flew in at a slow pace.

The cave tunnel gradually led to a bigger space the deeper Huang Xiaolong went, and at the same time, the cave’s temperature grew hotter.

At one point, Huang Xiaolong had the feeling that he was inside a high-temperature furnace. Just this high temperature was enough to keep away most Seventh Order God Realm cultivators.

After roughly twenty minutes of flying, Huang Xiaolong could hear faint groaning noises not far up ahead, sounding like a tiger yet also similar to a lion’s groan.

Suddenly, the scene before Huang Xiaolong brightened, turning into a large underground space.

The walls of this underground space were like steel, with golden scarlet flames floating on their surface.

At the center of the large underground space was a formation constructed with ancient beast symbols, with two large fire element demonic beasts in the middle of the formation. Their eyes were golden-red like burning embers, as were the scales covering their bodies. They had four powerful legs, and at the corners of their mouths were two long whiskers that looked like dragon whiskers.

This two were the Fire Scaled Beasts that Huang Xiaolong was searching for, but Huang Xiaolong didn’t expect to see these two Fire Scale Beasts cultivating!

The two Fire Scale Beast spat out their golden red beast cores, making them spin in the air in front of them. They were bathed in their demonic qi, resonating and nurturing each other’s core.

Watching these two Fire Scaled Beasts taking out their cores for cultivation, Huang Xiaolong was delighted. This actually made things easier for him in dealing with the two Fire Scaled Beasts.

That’s because the bigger part of a demonic beast’s strength or force was stored inside their core, if Huang Xiaolong ambushed these two Fire Scaled Beast and snatched away their beast cores, it would greatly weaken them.

However, Huang Xiaolong was in no hurry to act. As a precaution, he carefully took out the God Restricting Golden Silkthread Rope, locking the whole underground cavern from the outside world.

This way, when the fighting began, the energy shockwaves wouldn’t alert other demonic beasts nearby.

After arranging the ancient God Restricting Golden Silkthread Rope, Huang Xiaolong no longer hesitated to attack.

With his martial spirits’ Space Concealment and Phantom Shadow abilities, Huang Xiaolong almost instantly appeared above the two Fire Sale Beasts’ cores. His hands formed two claws, sucking the two hovering beast cores into his palms.

At the same precise moment that Huang Xiaolong appeared, both Fire Scale Beasts opened their eyes. Two furious roars shook the underground cavern, and even the earth seemed to quake from the sound wave.

This was the Fire Scaled Beast’s innate skill, Blazing Roar.

Based on these two Fire Scaled Beasts’ strength, when they roared in fury they could shatter an early Tenth Order God Realm demonic beast to death!

But Huang Xiaolong made preparations. Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi flew out from the Dragon Pearl space, protecting Huang Xiaolong with his golden dragon body. Thus, the powerful sound waves did not affect Huang Xiaolong.

The suction force from Huang Xiaolong’s palms wrapped around the two beast cores.

But the strong binding force between the Fire Scaled Beasts and their beast cores came as a surprise to him. The two beast cores in his hands were struggling to break free, wanting to fly back into the Fire Scale Beasts’ bodies.

Any other average perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm cultivator would be hard-pressed to keep the beast cores in their hands. Unfortunately, the Fire Scaled Beasts were facing Huang Xiaolong.

Using the true immortal essence in his dantian churned madly, Huang Xiaolong cut off the bond between the Fire Scaled Beasts and their cores.

With the two Fire Scale Beast’s cores in his palms, Huang Xiaolong quickly carved a sealing formation, temporarily sealing them before throwing them into his Asura Ring. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

All of this happened at lightning speed.

The moment Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi appeared, the two Fire Scaled Beasts were pressured by his Highgod Realm dragon might, unable to react. Feeling their connection with the beast cores being cut off, angry roars resounded.

Ignoring the furious roars directed at him, Huang Xiaolong reached one of the Fire Scaled Beast, swinging a punch at it.

Enraged, the Fire Scaled Beast raised its front legs, kicking Huang Xiaolong.

Rumble~! A loud collision resounded.

Huang Xiaolong right fist collided with the Fire Scaled Beast’s large hoof, resulting in a miserable howl from the beast. Its body flew back, crashing into the hard rock wall.

These two Fire Scaled Beasts were just a tad stronger than the average late-Tenth Order God Realm demonic beast after losing their beast cores.

In their current state, they posed no threat to Huang Xiaolong.

In a flash, Huang Xiaolong was already in front of the other Fire Scale Beast, throwing a punch at it.

Huang Xiaolong did not use his true immortal essence fire or any battle skills, purely his physical strength.