Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

The other two Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs, Peng Erfei and Peng Xiaofei, hesitated when they saw their Big brother greet Huang Xiaolong as ‘Master’.

Peng Dafei looked over his shoulder, snapping at his brothers, “If you dare to gamble, then accept the loss. Get over here and greet Master!”

Peng Erfei and Peng Xiaofei hurried to stand in front of Huang Xiaolong, respectfully greeting him.

Huang Xiaolong nodded and had them stand up, then pointed at the pile of ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones, saying, “As I said earlier, whether I can withstand your attacks or not, these ten thousand high divine grade spirits stones are yours, take them. Since you all are now my followers, I won’t ill-treat any of you. Later on, if there are not enough high divine grade spirit stones to cultivate, you can ask me for more.”

The three Peng brothers were overjoyed, quickly thanking Huang Xiaolong before putting away the ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones into their spatial rings with trembling hands.

Even after doing so, the three of them felt as if they were dreaming, doubting if this was really happening.

Both the Phoenix Clan Ancestor and Huang Hongtian watched the three brothers with envy and jealousy. However, they dared not say a word to Huang Xiaolong.

By this point, their fear of Huang Xiaolong was soul deep.

These three Firecloud Mountain’s Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs were an existence that deterred the whole Fire World, probably even the Vermilion Bird Galaxy. Even their Phoenix Volcano’s Phoenix Clan tread on eggshells around Firecloud Mountain.

Now, this level of existence, all three of them submitted to Huang Xiaolong!

Huang Xiaolong noticed the expressions on the Phoenix Clan Ancestor as well as Huang Hongtian’s faces. Knowing what they were thinking, Huang Xiaolong waved his hand and another batch of high divine grade spirit stones rained madly from above.

Not one more, not one less, exactly ten thousand.

Before the Phoenix Clan Ancestor and Huang Hongtian’s stupefied faces, Huang Xiaolong pointed at the pile of spirit stones, “Don’t worry, since your Phoenix Clan has already submitted to me, then I also won’t ill-treat you all. These ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones are for your Phoenix Clan.”

Huang Yixiao and Huang Hongtian both trembled, hardly believing what they just heard.

The Phoenix Clan Ancestor stood there foolishly looking at Huang Xiaolong, “M-Master, these ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones, are they re-really for our Phoenix Clan?”

Just now, he was only fantasizing and dared not hope that Huang Xiaolong would give their Phoenix Clan ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones. Even if he did imagine Huang Xiaolong giving their Phoenix Clan spirit stones, it still wasn’t ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones.

After all, they were high divine grade and not high saint grade. Then again, even ten thousand saint grade spirit stones was overwhelming.

Huang Xiaolong found it funny as he watched the Phoenix Clan Ancestor’s ever-changing expressions. He nodded and said, “That’s right.”

Only then did the Phoenix Clan Ancestor and Huang Hongtian react. They were overjoyed as they hurried forward to thank Huang Xiaolong.

The three Peng brothers had been watching at the side. Seeing Huang Xiaolong easily giving out another pile of ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones to the Phoenix Clan, their hearts were racing, about to jump out from their chests. There was a deeper level of trepidation in their hearts as they looked at Huang Xiaolong.

Subsequently, Huang Xiaolong branded the three Peng brothers’ soul seas.

Peng Dafei and his brothers were willing to follow Huang Xiaolong after losing their bet, thus they did not object to Huang Xiaolong’s action.

With the three of them submitting to Huang Xiaolong, the four Armored Dragon-Turtles were naturally absorbed into the hierarchy.

Following that, with Peng Dafei and his brothers’ help, Huang Xiaolong began to subdue the rest of the demonic beasts in Firecloud Mountain, beginning from the mountain peak, going all the way down to the foothills.

With all three Flaming Golden-Claw Great Pengs recognizing Huang Xiaolong as their Master, subduing the other demonic beasts went much smoother. In fact, all the demonic beasts in Firecloud Mountain submitted to Huang Xiaolong without resisting.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t expect the demonic beasts on Firecloud Mountain to be more numerous than he had imagined.

It actually came up to eleven thousand and one hundred demonic beasts!

The majority of the demonic beasts were Seventh Order God Realm and above, only two hundred or so were between Fifth Order and Sixth Order God Realm.

Most important of all, there were more than thirty demonic beasts of Tenth Order God Realm! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Including the ones Huang Xiaolong had subjugated four years ago, he had more than sixty demonic beasts of Tenth Order God Realm and above, though this number didn’t include the Phoenix Clan’s Grand Elders.

The Phoenix Clan had twenty -five Tenth Order God Realm Grand Elders.

Therefore, Huang Xiaolong currently had slightly over eighty Tenth Order God realm and above subordinates.

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi, Phoenix Clan Ancestor, Huang Hongtian, the three Peng brothers, six Highgod Realm masters!

Looking at the Phoenix Clan Ancestor, Huang Hongtian, and the three Peng brothers following behind him, Huang Xiaolong couldn’t resist smiling toward the sky.

‘From now on, I finally have my own force!’

A force that wasn’t weaker than any of the four galaxies’ super forces!

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi saw Huang Xiaolong’s actions and was genuinely happy for him.

Huang Xiaolong had finally grown up!

And he was the person who watched Huang Xiaolong every step of the way, from a high-level Saint realm to First Order God Realm, Second Order, Third Order, entering mid-level God Realm, to high-level God Realm...

Becoming stronger step by step with astounding speed.

More than anything, he was secretly glad that the person who got the Dragon Pearl with him sealed inside was Huang Xiaolong and not others.

Now, he could already imagine the day Huang Xiaolong unified the four galaxies, and that day seemed to be around the corner!

“We’re leaving the Fire World!” Huang Xiaolong indicated with his arm.

“Yes, Master!” Phoenix Clan Ancestor, Huang Hongtian, Flaming Golden-Claw Great Peng brothers, and the rest of the demonic beasts acknowledged respectfully, their voices shaking the sky.

Thus, Huang Xiaolong and Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi led everyone out from Firecloud Mountain, then out of the Fire World.

The entire way, the pressure from their group was enough to terrorize any demonic beasts they met on the way and make them faint. Those demonic beasts that managed to hold on to their consciousness would rather run into a tree so they could faint in hopes that their lives would be spared.

There were one or two demonic beasts that rammed into more than one tree.

Huang Xiaolong shook his head watching this, not bothering himself with these small shrimps.

Out from the central region of the Fire World, they entered the middle region, running into many families’ disciples that came looking for treasures. When these family disciples saw the large group of demonic beasts, nine out of ten pissed their pants.

Over ten thousand God Realm demonic beasts ah! Even the weakest ones were at least Fifth Order God Realm ah, what in the world was this?!

At one point, Huang Xiaolong moved all the demonic beasts into the Godly Mt. Xumi, leaving only the Phoenix Clan Ancestor, Huang Hongtian, and the three Peng brothers with Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi and Huang Xiaolong.

After all, more than ten thousand demonic beasts openly leaving the Fire World all at once had a huge effect, definitely alarming all four galaxies.

For now, concealing the strength of his force was necessary until he broke through to Highgod Realm.

A while later, the seven of them left the Fire World’ gravity.

“Little Huang boy, where are we going now?” Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi asked.

Thinking over, Huang Xiaolong answered, “Return to Martial Spirit World!”

It had been quite a few good years since he left Martial Spirit World, going back once to check the situation was necessary.

At the same time, Huang Xiaolong wondered about his parents’ cultivation progress, as well as Shi Xiaofei’s.

Shi Xiaofei’s charming face appeared in Huang Xiaolong’s mind.

Without further delay, the seven figures moved in the direction of Martial Spirit World. The Fire World grew smaller and smaller behind them, fading out of view.