Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Not once did it occur to Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan that a God Realm cultivator would have six Highgod Realm masters accompanying him!

Six Highgod Realm masters!

Moreover, one of them was exuding a boundless dragon might!

An actual ancient Dragon Clan master. Without a doubt, this was a Second Order Highgod Realm or above Dragon Clan master!

There were two people with strength comparable to himself! Great waves of shock hit against the Wan Family Ancestor Wan Lixiong’s heart. He was a late-First Order Highgod Realm, close to advancing to peak late-First Order Highgod Realm!

“You!” Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan’s attention returned to Huang Xiaolong with a hundred-eighty degree change in their expressions. Although they had no idea what Huang Xiaolong’s relationship with these six powerful Highgod Realm masters was, judging from their attitudes, Huang Xiaolong was the decision maker.

A God Realm cultivator actually had six powerful Highgod Realm masters listening to his orders?

“Attack, as long as they don’t die.” While Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan were wrecking their brains trying to figure out Huang Xiaolong’s relationship with those six great Highgod Realm masters, Huang Xiaolong’s aloof voice sounded in their ears.

Other than Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi, the rest of them, Phoenix Clan Ancestor, Huang Hongtian, and the three Peng brothers loudly complied: “Yes, Master!”

Master!

Both Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan looked like they were struck by lightning, refusing to believe what they had just heard.

However, the two of them didn’t have the luxury of time to slowly ponder the matter, for they had all started attacking them.

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi picked the Wan Family Ancestor, Wan Lixiong, whereas the other five ganged up on Wan Runshan in tacit agreement.

The Wan Family Ancestor’s strength was similar to the Phoenix Clan Ancestor Huang Yixiao. Previously, the Phoenix Clan Ancestor could only be bullied to the ground by Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi, thus one could already imagine the Wan Family Ancestor’s ending.

As for Wan Runshan, he met with a fate worse than his Ancestor having five Highgod Realm masters take turns in pummeling him all over.

Judging strength-wise, one Huang Hongtian was already stronger than Wan Runshan, just a little bit.

Which was why, before the Phoenix Clan Ancestor and the Peng brothers, Wan Runshan was beaten to the point of being unrecognizable, to a bloody pulp.

After all, Huang Xiaolong already said they could attack as they pleased as long as these two didn’t die.

Watching all this as he stood behind Huang Xiaolong, Wan Long was having a hard time believing this was happening right in front of his eyes. On the other hand, his respect and fear toward Huang Xiaolong grew even deeper than the sea.

Earlier, when they were still in the restaurant, Huang Hongtian exposing his Highgod Realm cultivation already astounded Wan Long, but just moments ago, he found out that the six people with Huang Xiaolong were actually all Highgod Realm masters!

On top of that, Huang Hongtian was the weakest one amongst the six!

Wan Long felt as if something was stuck in his throat as he tried to swallow.

By this point, the Wan Family Ancestor Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan were looking for a chance to escape, but unfortunately, Huang Xiaolong had separated the secret chamber’s surroundings from the outside world using the God Restricting Golden Silkthread Rope.

Time and again, Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan were repelled by the God Restricting Golden Silkthread Rope back to the center.

Under the constant ‘bullying’ and so much pain that they wished they were dead, with no hope of escaping, the two men finally chose to submit to Huang Xiaolong.

Huang Xiaolong had both of them lower the barrier to their soul sea and branded his soul mark. Only then did Huang Xiaolong give Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan each a Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet to heal the injuries they suffered.

A little over an hour later, Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan had fully healed, quickly standing up.

The Phoenix Clan Ancestor flashed the Wan Family Patriarch Wan Runshan a beaming smile, “Patriarch Wan, just now, we were a bit heavy-handed, please don’t mind it.”

The Wan Family Patriarch Wan Runshan responded with a bright smile of his own, “It’s alright, just some light injuries.”

Light injuries...? However, his smile was uglier than crying.

“Alright, both of you lead the way to the Nine-Tailed White Fox’s cultivation dwelling.” Huang Xiaolong said to Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan.

In no way could Huang Xiaolong have forgotten about the Wan Family’s guardian, an ancient divine beast, the Nine-Tailed White Fox. Moreover, this Nine-Tailed White Fox was slightly stronger than the Wan Family Ancestor, close to breaking through to Second Order Highgod Realm.

“Yes, Master!” Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan dared not hesitate, promptly answering Huang Xiaolong.

However, the Nine-Tailed White Fox’s cultivation dwelling wasn’t inside the Wan Family City, but in the northernmost part of the Wan Family World, on a stretch of snowfields.

Soon, the nine of them reached the location of the Nine-Tails White Fox.

When they arrived, the Nine-Tailed White Fox was cultivating with its beast core outside of its body. With Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s lightning speed action, not much effort was used to capture the Nine-Tailed White Fox.

In the end, the Nine-Tailed White Fox also submitted to Huang Xiaolong.

After the fox guardian also submitted, Huang Xiaolong inwardly breathed in relief, even he did not imagine that everything would progress so smoothly. He had assumed it would be quite difficult and troublesome to subjugate the Wan Family.

Now, with the Nine-Tailed White Fox, Wan Family Ancestor, and Wan Family Patriarch submitting to him, it was equivalent to having the whole Wan Family submit to him.

The Nine-Tailed White Fox transformed into human form as it submitted to Huang Xiaolong. In its human form, the fox guardian was actually an enchanting beauty, alluring down to her bones, with quite a nice name too, Hu Xiaoxian.

Seeing the Nine-Tailed White Fox’s human form, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi, this Old Dragon’s eyes lit up. Since then, his eyes never left Hu Xiaoxian’s body. Most of the time his gaze would fix on her bosom. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Then again, Hu Xiaoxian’s bosom was undeniably enchanting.

Huang Xiaolong had called Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi several times but no response came. Watching the old dragon who seemed to have lost his soul, Huang Xiaolong sent a kick at him.

“Who? Who kicked me!” Snapping to his senses, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi shouted.

Watching this, Nine-Tailed White Fox Hu Xiaoxian giggled softly, making the others feel like like someone tickled their hearts.

The Phoenix Clan Ancestor, Huang Hongtian, and the rest kept swallowing their saliva watching Hu Xiaoxian’s foxy manner.

Huang Xiaolong was rendered speechless.

After the Nine-Tailed White Fox was taken care of, the group returned to the Wan Family City.

Back in the Wan Family City, Huang Xiaolong had Wan Lixiong gather all Wan Family’s Grand Elders and branded their soul seas as well.

With the Nine-Tailed White Fox, Wan Family Ancestor and Patriarch present, everything went smoothly.

At the end, Huang Xiaolong gave the Wan Family ten thousand high divine grade spirit stones in front of everyone.

Staring dazedly at the pile of high divine grade spirit stones, the Wan Family’s reaction was similar to the Peng brothers and Phoenix Clan Ancestor and Patriarch, extremely shocked.

Huang Xiaolong’s group left the Wan Family World the next day, taking the Nine-Tailed White Fox Hu Xiaoxian with him. All the Wan Family masters, including Wan Lixiong and Wan Runshan, remained in the Wan Family World.

Huang Xiaolong wanted the matter of the Wan Family’s submitting to him to remain a secret for the time being.

As the group went through transmission arrays and flew in between, half a month later, Huang Xiaolong’s group stood at the edge of Martial Spirit World’s chaotic layer.

Looking at Martial Spirit World hovering in the vast space in front of him, Huang Xiaolong was excited.

He was back finally!

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi was feeling the same looking at Martial Spirit World. Like Huang Xiaolong, Martial Spirit World was their root.

However, Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s spirits were low when he thought of his clan.

After a brief stop, Huang Xiaolong tore the Martial Spirit World’s barrier, diving in.

Upon entering Martial Spirit World, abundant and rich spiritual energy billowed past them.

Note:

Hu Xiaoxian- Little Fox Fairy