Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

In front of Huang Xiaolong, the demonic beast clan Commander did not struggle, instead, he knelt in the air in fear, pleading: “Lord, have mercy ah!”

This young man killed more than a dozen of his subordinates with a single sword slash, this level of strength wasn’t something he could resist.

However, watching this demonic beast clan master kneeling in front of him, Huang Xiaolong was too lazy to waste his time, his divine sense forcefully entered the demonic beast clan master’s mind and began soul-scouring.

A moment later, the soul-scouring was completed and Huang Xiaolong casually pointed at the man’s forehead, ending his life. Then, he continued to fly forward to the primeval forest.

From that demonic beast clan master’s memories, his group had basically searched every inch of the southern Dongtu World in the past dozen of years, except for one place!

And that was the marshland within the primeval forest!

This marshland located on the north side of the primeval forest was overabundant with poisonous bugs and insects, and was home to a race of Crocodile People that was even more terrifying than the cambion tribe, toxic from head to toe. The hard scales covering their bodies provided a tough defense that even an average divine artifact couldn’t damage.

Other than that, the marshland was shrouded in a poisonous miasma, and there was also a very high chance that remnants of ancient restrictions and array formations were present.

According to Huang Xiaolong’s estimations, since the Piercing Sky Beast King’s subordinates had been combing through the southern area of the Dongtu World for the sealed body part for so long with no success, this remaining location was very likely the place where the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s body was sealed.

Of course, this was only Huang Xiaolong’s initial assumption. Whether it was accurate or otherwise needed to be confirmed through the Blood Sacrifice Law.

Roughly an hour later, Huang Xiaolong stood in the air above the primeval forest marshland.

Looking ahead, there was nothing but green smog.

This green smog was constantly drifting and merging with even more green smog. From a distance, the marsh actually had a beautiful scenery, but Huang Xiaolong already guessed that this green smog was the marsh’s poisonous miasma. Moreover, it was the most noxious kind of poison, even high-level Tenth Order God Realm masters would fall to their deaths in just a whiff.

Although, with his True Dragon Physique, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t afraid, in the name of safety he still summoned both the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires.

Two brilliant fires, giving off an icy blue and crimson light, hovered around Huang Xiaolong, causing all the green smog within a hundred zhang around him to vaporize. Huang Xiaolong flew down into the green smog.

He cautiously flew deeper into the marsh, maintaining a thirty meters height from the water surface.

Light ripples ran through the water surface, but the surroundings were quiet.

Occasionally, random roars like those of demonic beasts or a human’s heart-wrenching howl could be heard.

The human-like howls come from the Crocodile People.

Clearly, these Crocodile People had already discovered Huang Xiaolong. However, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t concerned about them, he was more vigilant of accidentally straying into any remnant ancient array formations. After all, he had first-hand experience of how terrifying these ancient array formations were. If he was trapped inside one, it would take a mountain of effort to forcefully break an opening for him to escape with his current strength.

Just as Huang Xiaolong was flying over a water area, the calm water surface below suddenly shot up. A pair of huge pinchers from a multi-legged insect resembling a centipede reached toward him, its venomous jaw wide open.

Before its wide opened venomous jaw could bite into Huang Xiaolong, a horrible nauseating smell blew over his face.

Huang Xiaolong’s right index finger tapped forward and an icy-blue fire sword pierced the venomous insect through its mouth in a split second, coming out from its back.

That insect let out a sharp screech, bursting into flames. It was burned until there was nothing left.

Huang Xiaolong didn’t dally, continuing to fly forward.

From then on, on and off, Huang Xiaolong would be attacked by the marsh’s hidden venomous bugs and insects. There were quite a few of them, some even reaching the strength of a perfection stage Tenth Order God Realm.

However, these venomous bugs and insects were easily dealt with by a casual move of Huang Xiaolong’s.

Fortunately, the strength he exposed along the way while dealing with his venomous attackers kept the Crocodile People at bay, hence, Huang Xiaolong arrived at the marshland center without much trouble.

Standing in the air, Huang Xiaolong pricked his finger, taking out a drop of blood essence to perform the blood sacrifice. He then sent this drop of blood essence deep into the earth.

The astonishing energy contained inside Huang Xiaolong’s drop of blood essence spread out underground, allowing him to clearly feel the situation below the marsh.

Not long after Huang Xiaolong performed the blood sacrifice, suddenly, a peculiar energy fluctuation came from the east side of the marshland.

Huang Xiaolong was stunned for a moment, then delight filled him. This peculiar energy fluctuation was exactly the same as when he first found the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s arms in the Golden Mountain World.

It seems like that a part of the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s body was indeed sealed here in this primeval forest’s marshland.

Without delay, Huang Xiaolong flew toward the source of the peculiar energy fluctuation.

Moments later, he stopped in the air right above the origin of those fluctuations. Employing the true immortal essence force from his dantian, he split the water apart and entered its depth.

Inside the water, the most noticeable was the thick greenish swamp water and mud.

However, having the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires creating a barrier around him, that muddy marshland water and its poison were unable to come within a hundred zhang from Huang Xiaolong.

A thousand zhang down, Huang Xiaolong reached the bottom of the marshland. Opening a hole through the soft earth, he continued deeper through the earth for another two thousand zhang before reaching an independent gray space.

The energy inside this gray space was none other than the demonic qi that Huang Xiaolong was familiar with.

The hundred spirits demonic qi from the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s body!

But, this gray space’s hundred spirits demonic qi was twice as dense compared to the gray space where he previously found the arms! It was extremely alarming!

Just this terrifying hundred spirits demonic qi could demonize the average Tenth Order God Realm.

Huang Xiaolong dared not be careless, carefully flying toward the source of the hundred spirits demonic qi. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Around half an hour later, Huang Xiaolong arrived before an enormous altar.

On the altar laid a giant beast torso. Despite it being laid down horizontally, its height still reached a hundred zhang! The torso was at least a thousand zhang long, all covered in golden fur.

This sealed location was actually the sealing place of the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso!

No wonder this gray space’s demonic qi was denser than the one in the Golden Mountain World’s.

The Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso, other than the head portion, was one of the most powerful parts of its body.

Even though Huang Xiaolong was shocked, he was more excited. How much could his strength improve after refining this Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso?!

While Huang Xiaolong was getting excited, the gray space’s hundred spirits demonic qi suddenly rumbled, swirling and condensing to form a complete Hundred Spirits Beast King body. This Hundred Spirits Beast King was many times more powerful than the previous one, actually surpassing a mid-First Order Highgod Realm master’s momentum!

Huang Xiaolong was startled.

The instant the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s body completely condensed, it swung its powerful arm at Huang Xiaolong.

Watching this, Huang Xiaolong swiftly tapped his foot on the floor and leaped backwards. At the same time, both of his hands slapped upwards.

The Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires shot out together with Huang Xiaolong’s palm force.