Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The immense force from the large palm was incinerated in an instant upon meeting the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires.

Both divine fires pierced forth towards the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s body, causing it to quiver in shock and retreat in fear.

Watching this, Huang Xiaolong was relieved.

Although the Hundred Spirits Beast King in front of him was more powerful than the first one he found, it was still far from a genuine Highgod Realm master, for it lacked a godhead. In that exchange earlier, Huang Xiaolong was able to determine that this Hundred Spirits Beast King’s real strength was slightly weaker than mid-First Order Highgod Realm master.

...

Several hours later.

Entangled and hounded by the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires’ spirits, the Hundred Spirits Beast King let out an unresigned howl and dissipated in the gray space. The Hundred Spirits Beast King’s remnant will within the torso was burned to nothingness by the two divine fires.

Huang Xiaolong breathed out in relief at this result.

In the last battle, he worked together with Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi. At that time, it took them a few days to destroy the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s remnant will within the sealed arms. If it weren’t for the new addition of the Vermilion Bird Divine Fire as well as the Black Tortoise Divine Fire, he would’ve been hard-pressed to destroy the Hundred Spirits Beast King in this gray space.

But now it was destroyed!

Huang Xiaolong flew up, hovering above the giant altar, peering down on the enormous Hundred Spirits Beast King’s giant torso with elation glimmering in his eyes. The next step would be refining this huge torso!

All of a sudden, a whelming demonic qi soared out from the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso, engulfing him within. But there was no trace of alarm on Huang Xiaolong’s face, the Black Tortoise Divine Fire wrapped around his left hand, and on his right was the Vermilion Bird Divine. Waving his hands around, the two divine fires immediately vaporized every last strand of the whelming demonic qi. At the same time, Huang Xiaolong activated the altar’s sealing power to synchronize with his actions and expel all the demonic qi from the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso.

Even though Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation had improved by a large degree, it took more than a month’s time for him to expel all the demonic qi from the torso.

Luckily, Huang Xiaolong had the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires to aid him, else, even if other human Highgod Realm masters found this part of the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s body they wouldn’t have been able to refine it. There was even a chance for the cultivator to suffer a backlash from the demonic qi, turning into a strange half beast-half human monster.

After confirming that all the demonic qi within the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso was gone, Huang Xiaolong sat cross-legged in midair and began refining and absorbing the energy inside it.

Immediately, strands of red crystal-like energy flowed up from the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso below, drilling into Huang Xiaolong’s body.

The Treasure Dragon diagram inside his body resurfaced, greedily devouring the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s blood essence.

As he continued to refine the blood essence, Huang Xiaolong distinctively felt his True Dragon Physique becoming firmer every second.

The Black Tortoise Divine Fire and Vermilion Bird Divine Fire’s spirits also swallowed the blood essence flowing out from below.

However, the energy contained inside the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s blood essence was far more than one could imagine, each drop was brimming with an alarming amount of energy. Even for Huang Xiaolong, with the two divine fires’ spirits taking a portion of the blood essence energy, small strands of the blood essence that had already entered Huang Xiaolong’s body still leaked out.

As time passed, a bloody mist gathered around Huang Xiaolong in midair. Above that pool of blood mist floated vague shadows of various peerless demonic beast kings.

Time flowed by. Soon, a year passed.

The blood mist around Huang Xiaolong turned into a sea of blood, with waves rolling endlessly. A long time ago, Huang Xiaolong had been completely submerged inside that sea of blood, whereas above it, the blood-colored shadows of peerless demonic beast kings became more condensed.

Each of those peerless demonic beast kings was an existence rivaling a perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm master.

Three years passed.

The blood-colored figures of demonic beast kings had increased from the initial one hundred to more than three hundred.

In the meantime, both the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires’ spirits hovered above the sea of blood, emitting brilliant icy-blue and crimson red light that lit up the entire gray space. Compared to three years ago, these two spirits had doubled in size.

Another half a year passed when the calm blood sea suddenly rolled violently and a great whirlpool appeared at the center of it. When the whirlpool reached the surface, one by one, the blood-colored demonic beast kings were sucked into the whirlpool.

Shortly, all three hundred plus blood-colored demonic beast kings were sucked into the whirlpool and the sea of blood began to shrink in size until Huang Xiaolong’s figure appeared.

When the last strand of blood mist was absorbed by Huang Xiaolong, a reddish black light burst out from his body, soaring upward. It exuded a powerful, suffocating aura.

Resounding blasts echoed in the gray space.

Earth-shaking majestic dragon might emanated from his back, where the blue and black dragon heads were.

Huang Xiaolong, who had been sitting there for the past three and a half years, suddenly opened his eyes. A blue and crimson light shot out from his eyes, piercing through space and opening two large black holes, causing chaotic unknown forces to surge in through them.

As Huang Xiaolong descended, when his feet touched the altar, the entire altar trembled and swayed. This giant altar that used to seal the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s torso was on the verge of splitting in half just by Huang Xiaolong landing on it!

“Finally, I’ve reached the perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm!” Unable to contain his ecstasy, Huang Xiaolong shouted out loud. His breath turned into a small tornado, spinning forth.

Perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm!

The highest realm below Highgod Realm!

The next step was breaking through to Highgod Realm!

Huang Xiaolong raised his arm, pointing a finger to the front. The space in front of him was instantly pierced through, akin to a wet paper tiger. A black hole stretched to an unknown length due to the force from his finger.

If the Phoenix Clan Ancestor Huang Yixiao was here, his eyes would have fallen to the altar floor watching this, for even if it was him punching out with full force, it would still be incomparable to the force from Huang Xiaolong’s finger. Moreover, the Phoenix Clan Ancestor was a late-First Order Highgod Realm master, close to breaking through to peak late-First Order Highgod Realm.

Huang Xiaolong observed the result from his finger’s force and nodded with a satisfied smile. The force from his finger was almost equal to a peak late-First Order Highgod Realm master.

If he added the power from the Black Tortoise and Vermilion bird Divine Fires, Huang Xiaolong was confident he could defeat a true peak late-First Order Highgod Realm master.

He then breathed in and out, causing the surroundings to rumble like thunder.

Now, even a simple puff from him could probably blow those names on the Highgod Advancement List to their deaths! Not even Wan Long, the first on the list, could withstand it!

Huang Xiaolong stopped and looked around the altar for a while. But soon, he flickered into a blur, disappearing from the gray space. A second later, he stood in the air above the marshland.

This time around, Huang Xiaolong no longer concealed his presence, flying full speed out from the marshland. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Numerous poisonous insects were just about to attack Huang Xiaolong when he lightly slapped his palm downward and all the poisonous creatures within several thousand li radius in the marsh exploded into a mist of blood.

A short while later, Huang Xiaolong flew out from the primeval forest. From there, he headed back to the Yaochi Mountain in the Great Lake World.

A day’s journey later, Huang Xiaolong was back at the Yaochi Mountain. Everything was as per usual. After staying there for two days, he decided to make a trip back to the Martial Spirit World and see his family and Shi Xiaofei.

From there, he would continue searching for the Hundred Spirits Beast King’s head and legs.

Huang Xiaolong once again departed from the Yaochi Mountain, this time toward Martial Spirit World.

Seven days later, his figure emerged from the Cloudsea Mainland’s transmission array.