Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Huang Xiaolong was unable to extend his divine sense further than a hundred zhang. On top of that was the ever-present heavy gravitational force from the white gas, Huang Xiaolong could only inch forward slowly. Inside this ancient Heart Demon Swallowing Formation, he needed to pause after every step he took.

Due to the potent effect of the illusion formation, Huang Xiaolong needed to stop for quite a while before he could lift his foot and take another step. As the the illusion grew increasingly stronger, the heart demons inside him gained momentum, hence the time Huang Xiaolong took between each step also grew longer.

Seconds and minutes trickled by.

More than three hours passed, yet Huang Xiaolong merely travelled a little over three hundred meters. This was slower than any common mortal crawling on the ground, speed slower than a snail.

After progressing a little over three hundred meters, the resistance and gravitational force that Huang Xiaolong faced increased yet again. He estimated that, from this point forward, it required the strength of a peak early First Order Highgod Realm if anyone wanted to venture further into the white mist.

Huang Xiaolong took out a Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet from his Asura Ring and swallowed it, recovering his exhausted god battle qi and true immortal essence force.

But, exactly at this time, a shrill scream cut the air as something attacked him from the left at lightning speed, crossing a distance of several hundred zhang in the blink of an eye.

Huang Xiaolong was startled, a black light flashed in his hands and the Water God’s halberd thrust out, piercing through the attacker’s chest. When he pulled out, the tip of his halberd flicked up, flinging the attacker into the air. A painful scream sounded as the attacker fell ten meters away from Huang Xiaolong.

Only know did Huang Xiaolong saw his attacker, who was actually a strange monster without flesh and blood, its eyes were two balls of flickering black flames, and it definitely wasn’t weak. Its strength was close to that of a mid-First Order Highgod Realm master.

It seems like this creature was one of many ancient Highgod Realm masters that tried to climb to the peak of the mountain but lost their sanity inside this Heart Demon Swallowing Formation, overtaken by their own heart demon. A creature that was neither dead nor alive.

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t even guess how long this Highgod Realm master had been in this ancient Heart Demon Swallowing Formation to be reduced to such an abominable fleshless monster.

‘Where did this person’s flesh go?!’

Huang Xiaolong was alarmed, could there be other fleshless things like this inside the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation?

At this time, the strange monster that Huang Xiaolong stabbed crawled up, letting out a shrill scream and pouncing at him again, attacking frenziedly. Huang Xiaolong no longer hesitated, his right hand waved out. An icy blue sword formed from Black Tortoise Divine Fire immediately pierced through the strange monster’s forehead, destroying its soul.

The strange monster finally stopped attacking.

An invisible force wrapped around a godhead that was emitting a soft red glow, pulling it into Huang Xiaolong’s hand. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Though the strange monster was without flesh and blood, its godhead was still there. But Huang Xiaolong was a bit disappointed as he looked at the fire element godhead, it was merely a mid-rank four godhead.

Huang Xiaolong put the godhead into his Asura Ring and spent some time adjusting his condition before continuing forward. Knowing there were strange fleshless monsters wandering inside the white mist, Huang Xiaolong was even more careful.

Soon, three days passed.

Making a rough calculation, Huang Xiaolong estimated that he had crossed a distance of more than a thousand zhang, almost close to two thousand zhang. Compared to the time when he just walked in, the resistance and gravitational force had become more than ten times stronger. From here onward, only a Second Order Highgod Realm could proceed further while enduring the two hindering forces.

In these three days’ time, Huang Xiaolong had killed six more strange Highgod Realm monsters. Once, he was attacked by two of them at the same time, the stronger one was a peak late-First Order Highgod Realm monster.

However, other than these strange Highgod Realm monsters, he did not come across any flesh-eating creatures, which baffled Huang Xiaolong. Was his presumption before wrong? If there was no creature that devoured flesh and blood inside the white mist, was it the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation itself that was capable of absorbing energy from flesh and blood?

On the fourth day, Huang Xiaolong stepped past two thousand zhang. Here, he came across a Second Order Highgod Realm strange monster. Although it was only an early Second Order Highgod Realm, Huang Xiaolong could no longer deal with it as easily as he did with the ones before.

Ten days later, Huang Xiaolong had passed the three thousand zhang mark.

After travelling three thousand zhang into the white mist, strange monsters of mid-Second Order Highgod Realm strength started appearing. Huang Xiaolong began to feel some pressure, dealing with every strange monster ate up more and more of his time and god battle qi. Fortunately, it was rare for him to run into two strange monsters at the same time.

At three thousand zhang, waves of white mist rolled like the sea, dense like the clouds in the sky. Here, with Huang Xiaolong eyesight, he could barely see farther than ten zhang around him, making it harder for him to detect any strange monsters that could be hiding close by.

In between, he had tried turning back. However, he discovered that every time he did that, the surrounding white mist of this Heart Demon Swallowing Formation would flow erratically, forming an invisible wall in his path. He could not turn back. In other words, once one entered this white mist, they could only walk forward, with no return!

This finding raised a bitter smile on Huang Xiaolong’s face.

No wonder that, in millions of years, not a single Highgod Realm master that climbed the Heavenly Mountain’s peak ever come out again. Just like them, Huang Xiaolong only had two options right now; one, exit this Heart Demon Swallowing Formation, and the second option was to end up like the strange monsters he had seen so far, trapped for all eternity.

He didn’t know how big of an area the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation covered. If it was five thousand zhang, Huang Xiaolong still had the confidence to get out, but if it was more than six thousand zhang, he would be dead for sure.

In fact, there wasn’t even a choice. If he didn’t want to die, he could only continue to forcefully move forward.

One month later, Huang Xiaolong finally reached four thousand zhang. at this depth, not only did the white mist form thick clouds, they were even soft to the touch. Huang Xiaolong knew this because he needed to push away these white clouds.

Hence, his speed was even slower and his energy consumption increased drastically. When he just entered the white mist, he took one Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet after every hundred zhang, whereas now, after barely two to three zhang, he was be forced to take another Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet to replenished his exhausted god battle qi and true immortal essence force.

One more month passed and Huang Xiaolong merely crossed five hundred zhang. At four thousand five hundred zhang, the white clouds’ recoil greatly increased, Huang Xiaolong tried cutting these white clouds with his Mulberry Sword and actually failed. His Mulberry Sword barely left a thin sword line on the surface of these white clouds, disappearing almost immediately.

This situation was akin to being trapped in a cage, white walls in four directions, unable to get out. It gave birth to a feeling of despair.

Failing to cut through them, Huang Xiaolong tried using his true immortal essence fire. The good news was that his true immortal essence fire could burn these white clouds away, but this method further intensified his energy depletion. A distance of just two zhang found him panting, out of breath.

At four thousand eight hundred zhang, Huang Xiaolong found that his true immortal essence fire could no longer burn the white clouds in his path, forcing him to call out the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires.

The two divine fires did not disappoint Huang Xiaolong. In the blink of an eye, they burned a path through the white clouds. However, employing both divine fires at the same time greatly consumed his energy.

At four thousand nine hundred zhang, both the resistance and gravitational force had multiplied by a hundred times, every single step was like trying to move a great mountain while bearing another great mountain on his back, pressing down on him.

A little over four thousand nine hundred and ninety zhang, Huang Xiaolong could not move one inch further under the overwhelming resistance and gravitational force. Huang Xiaolong despaired, was he going to be forever trapped inside this Demon Heart Swallowing Formation?