Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Huang Xiaolong’s consciousness gradually slipped away and his eyelids grew heavy. Once his consciousness gave out, the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation would awaken his heart demons. If that happened, over time, he would be no different than those strange Highgod Realm monsters wandering in the formation, left without a shred of sanity.

In that moment of weakened awareness, Huang Xiaolong seemingly saw numerous strange monsters lunging at him.

At this exact moment, within his soul sea, brilliant dazzling light burst out, the black and blue twin dragons’ roars reverberated in his mind.

Huang Xiaolong consciousness shook as he momentarily regained a bit of focus. He bit his tongue until he tasted blood to grasp on that shred of clear consciousness, then he quickly sat down, entering an ethereal state.

In that ethereal state, his soul slowly left his body, floating in the world outside.

“This...?!” Huang Xiaolong was shocked as the entire Heart Demon Swallowing Formation was clearly imprinted in his mind. ‘The Ethereal Physique actually has this ability?’

Excited, Huang Xiaolong quickly studied the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation imprinted in his mind and discovered that the formation actually covered exactly five thousand zhang from one end to the other!

Meaning to say, from where he was now, he was less than ten zhang away from the edge of the formation. As long as he continued forward for another ten zhang, he would be able to walk out from this Heart Demon Swallowing Formation!

Huang Xiaolong breathed in deeply, consumed a Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet and initiated Instant Recovery to restore his condition. Half an hour later, he returned to his peak. Slowly getting up to his feet, he summoned the twin dragon martial spirits and soul-transformed.

After soul-transforming, Huang Xiaolong’s momentum rose increasingly higher. Had the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation enveloped an area of six thousand zhang he wouldn’t have any hope of walking out, but since it was five thousand zhang, in his current soul-transformed state, he could do it—he could walk out of there alive.

One hour later, at the five-hundredth step, Huang Xiaolong finally broke out from the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation’s dense white mist. As if every ounce of energy had left his body, fatigue overcome Huang Xiaolong. He fell butt-down on the ground while breathing haggardly.

‘I’m finally out from that damn place!’

Huang Xiaolong turned slightly to look at the wall of fog behind him, fear lingering in his heart.

‘I wonder if the Piercing Sky Beast King, Ancestor Mountaingoat, and the other two managed to pass through.’ Huang Xiaolong inwardly thought. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The strength of Piercing Sky Beast King’s group was undoubtedly higher than his, however, walking out from the Heart Demon Swallowing didn’t rely solely on one’s strength. For example, at four thousand eight hundred zhang, Huang Xiaolong borrowed the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires’ power to burn a path in front of him.

Whereas Piercing Sky Beast King, Ancestor Mountaingoat, Green Dragon Beast King, and Ancestor Bifang’s own divine flames absolutely couldn’t burn the white clouds.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes glimmered with anticipation; if the Piercing Beast King, Ancestor Bifang and the others died while being trapped inside the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation, that would be great news to him.

“The Heavenly God’s cultivation dwelling.” Huang Xiaolong muttered under his breath.

Although Huang Xiaolong didn’t know the location of the Heavenly God’s cultivation dwelling, the Heavenly Mountain peak’s land area wasn’t that big. He would be able to find it after spending some time searching. More importantly, he had to find the White Tiger Divine Fire first.

Huang Xiaolong rested for a little bit. When his breathing returned to normal, he called out the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fire spirit in order to sense the White Tiger Divine Fire’s location.

After coming out from the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation, he could fly, but his divine sense was still suppressed.

Huang Xiaolong flew slowly in the air, carefully watching his surroundings.

In this way, three days passed.

Just as he was flying over a section of the mountain, the two divine fire spirits that hadn’t shown any response in the last three days suddenly shone brightly, letting out excited noises.

Watching this, Huang Xiaolong’s eyes brightened as he looked down below. From the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires spirits’ reaction, the White Tiger Divine Fire was definitely below him.

Huang Xiaolong slowly descended to the ground below and found the entrance of a grotto. The entrance wasn’t big, just enough to allow two adults to enter. There were wisps of fire and heat flowing out from the inside.

Huang Xiaolong did not hesitate at all, flying inside the grotto and disappearing in its depth. Carefully flying further into the cave, the two-men wide cave tunnel gradually widened. As he went deeper, the glimmers of fire and heat in the cave spiked the temperature, even a late Second Order Highgod Realm master would find this heat caused by the White Tiger Divine Fire hard to resist.

However, with the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fire spirits protecting his body, Huang Xiaolong naturally didn’t fear the overwhelming heat wave. When the White Tiger Divine Fire’s heat reached Huang Xiaolong, the two divine fire spirit opened their mouth and swallowed, channeling the energy to temper Huang Xiaolong’s body. The heat wave became Huang Xiaolong’s supplement instead.

He flew for about half an hour when, all of a sudden, a harsh metallic white light made Huang Xiaolong close his eyes. A moment later, when he opened them, he found himself inside a fire world; one thousand zhang below his feet was roiling magma.

What astounded Huang Xiaolong was the fact that the flames floating around in this burning world were actually metallic white in color!

A metallic white fire similar to Huang Xiaolong’s true immortal essence fire, but there was a slight difference as well. He could feel a fierce killing aura from this metallic white fire, and it was so bright that one couldn’t look at it for too long.

Huang Xiaolong looked away and flew forward, following the trail of the metallic white flames to their source. Slightly over an hour later, Huang Xiaolong found the origin of the fire.

Not far in front of him, a great metallic white ball of flames hovered in the air, inside of which was a several hundred zhang long white tiger. Although there was a distance of several thousand zhang between them, Huang Xiaolong felt his skin prickle from the ferocious killing aura. However, the fierce killing aura was not specifically directed at him, but an innate part of the white tiger.

Sensing Huang Xiaolong’s presence, the white tiger inside the enormous metallic white fireball stood on its legs, letting out a roar towards the sky. The tiger’s roar stimulated the flowing magma below, causing it to rile and crash violently.

At this time, every cultivator on the Heavenly Mountain could hear an alarming tiger roar.

“This is...?!” Still suffering inside the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation, Ancestor Mountaingoat, Piercing Sky Beast King, Ancestor Bifang, and Green Dragon Beast King’s expressions tightened. All of a sudden, blood spurted from their mouths.

“This horrifying fierce killing aura, it was definitely a peerless treasure appearing!” Ancestor Bifang exclaimed in excitement.

“Right at the top of Heavenly Mountain, not far from us, we must hurry up and get out from this formation!” Green Dragon Beast King urged.

The four people frantically attacked the Heart Demon Swallowing Formation, forcefully moving toward the boundary.

At this time, inside the underground fire cavern, the White Tiger Divine Fire leaped at Huang Xiaolong. In the blink of an eye, that enormous metallic white giant fireball enlarged in his pupils.

Huang Xiaolong stiffened but hurried to control the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird Divine Fires to defend himself.

In an instant, the three divine fires collided.

Amazingly, despite the seemingly terrifying collision, there was no booming explosion. Merely a soft sound was heard, as if a bubble burst, followed by the three divine fires beginning to merge together.

Icy blue, crimson red, and metallic white, three divine fires merged and expanded in size. Before Huang Xiaolong could react, he was submerged by the three divine fires’ dazzling lights.

Like the previous two times, he lost consciousness in an instant. Floating inside the merging divine fires, three fire spirits hovered around Huang Xiaolong, tempering his body.

While his physical body was being tempered, his soul sea was shaking vigorously, akin to a volcanic eruption.