Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at the Nine Yang Jade bed placed in every room, Liu Yun let out a heartfelt sigh, “Having money is really good.”

Everyone chuckled at his words.

Following that, the few of them went to pick out a courtyard they liked. With the problem of accommodation settled, Huang Xiaolong could cultivate at ease, waiting for the day of the tournament.

Huang Xiaolong summoned the Heavenly Mountain and flew into its space to cultivate inside the Heavenly God’s cultivation dwelling. He consumed an Amethyst Water Droplet Divine Pill and absorbed star force from the three galaxies, continuously tempering his physical body.

Over thirty days passed by in a blink.

During this time, Huang Xiaolong stayed inside his own courtyard to cultivate and did not take even half a step out. He also lost count of how many Amethyst Water Droplet Divine Pills he had swallowed. A little over a month in cultivation had improved his strength a little.

On this day, Liu Yun and Qi Wen came to Huang Xiaolong’s courtyard.

“Junior Apprentice-brother, the tournament will begin in three days, how about going out with us to relax a little? I’ve heard the Eternal Commerce has published a booklet that lists the names and information about disciples of Third Order Highgod Realm and above taking part in the tournament.” Liu Yuin shared, “These are people with chances of entering the top one thousand.”

A list of names of Third Order Highgod Realm and above? Huang Xiaolong’s interest was stoked, nodding his head in agreement, “Alright.”

Even though he was confident in his own strength, having some understanding of these potential opponents before the tournament was not necessarily a bad thing.

After all, with only three days left until the tournament, a change of scenery was welcomed; and the Aeon City was Eternal Galaxy’s biggest and most prosperous city, he should have a look around after coming here.

Having decided, the three of them, Huang Xiaolong, Liu Yun, and Qi Wen stepped out of the Surging Waves Mansion, heading to the Eternal Commerce.

Since the Surging Waves Mansion was located at the Aeon City’s center, it was close to the Eternal Commerce building. The three of them soon reached their destination.

When they reached the Eternal Commerce, there was already a large crowd consisting of disciples from various galaxies. Judging from their faces, it seems they too had come to purchase the booklet and perhaps some information.

Huang Xiaolong, Liu Yun, and Qi Wen made their way inside, into the lobby.

They walked toward an empty counter and Huang Xiaolong stated his intention. The outrageous thing was that this booklet that listed the name and other details about the participants of Third Order Highgod Realm and above cost twenty million Wangu coins!

Huang Xiaolong couldn’t help but admire the audacity of this Wangu Clan for asking such a price. A thin booklet of few pages actually cost twenty million Wangu Coins.

Ten people buying meant two hundred million, one hundred people buying would bring them two billion, one thousand people was a whopping twenty billion.

The number of disciples coming to participate in the tournament was at least a hundred million, if not more. If all of them bought a copy of this booklet, then the Wangu Clan’s profit just from compiling a few thin sheets of paper world exceed the Black Warrior Institute’s wealth accumulated through thousands of millennia.

Huang Xiaolong paid twenty million Wangu coins for a booklet and put it away into his Asura Ring. He would take a look at it later.

“Does this young master want to buy an armor or weapon?” A Wangu Clan female disciple walked up to Huang Xiaolong with a bright smile on her face, inquiring, “Our Eternal Commerce has all kinds of armor and weapons, having a powerful armor and weapon can assist young master in gaining a good result in the tournament.”

Huang Xiaolong pondered slightly. For armor and weapon, he had the Glory of the Water God Armor and the Glory of the Water God Halberd, the Heavenly God Mountain, and his Mulberry Sword that Feng Yang gave him, therefore he didn’t need anything else, but he could stock up on some healing pills. Even though he did have a large amount of Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellets inside the Asura Ring, this kind of thing adhered to the saying ‘the more the better’.

Hence, Huang Xiaolong asked the Wangu Clan female disciple, “Does your Eternal Commerce have healing pills? Such as the Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellets?”

The female disciple softly giggled, “Our Eternal Commerce does have Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellets, we also have healing pills that are even better than that. Three guests, please follow me.” She led Huang Xiaolong, Liu Yun, and Qi Wen to a side hall, the Medicinal Pellet Hall.

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes lit up, there were healing pellets that were better than the Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet? Could it be the Undying God Pill?

If it was the Undying God Pill, then its healing efficiency was definitely better than the Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet. But, such a legendary pill, the ingredients for refining the Undying God Pill were extremely hard to find. Furthermore, the alchemy refining method had long been lost in the four galaxies. Could it be, the Wangu Clan had the refining method?

Shortly, the three of them reached the Medicinal Pellet Hall. Although this hall was smaller than the lobby out front, it wasn’t exactly small. The rows and rows of bottles quietly sitting on arranged cupboards against the four walls bedazzled their eyes.

There were at least several thousand kinds of medicinal pellets inside the hall, and most of them were sacred grade divine pellets, while some were pellets that had been lost in the four galaxies.

In the cupboard labeled ‘Healing’, Huang Xiaolong saw the tag for Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellets, however, placed above were three other kinds of pills.

One of the bottles was precisely labeled with four characters, ‘Undying God Pill.’ Other than the Undying God Pill, the other two kinds were called Extraordinary Divine Pellet and Myriad Cure Holy Pill.

Huang Xiaolong had heard about the Undying God Pill before, but not the Extraordinary Divine Pellet and Myriad Cure Holy Pill, however, since these two kinds of healing pellets could be placed at the top level with the Undying God Pill, he could be sure that they shouldn’t be any worse than the former.

“All kinds of healing pellets are here, these three are the ones better than the Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet; the Undying God Pill, Extraordinary Divine Pellet, and Myriad Cure Holy Pill.” The Wangu Clan female disciple inquired, “May I know which kind and how many does young master want to buy?”

Huang Xiaolong smacked his lips, “How many Undying God Pills, Extraordinary Divine Pellets, and Myriad Cure Holy Pills do you have here? I’ll take them all.”

Take them all?

The Wangu Clan female disciple regained her composure a second later, giggling a little before saying, “Young master really knows how to tease people. Young master probably is not aware of the Undying God Pill, Extraordinary Divine Pellet, and Myriad Cure Holy Pill’s price, each of these three kinds of pellets is several hundred times the price of Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellets. One bottle is almost ten billion.”

One bottle, ten billion!!

Liu Yun and Qi Wen were swallowing nonexistent saliva hearing the price.

If it was the average cultivator, just hearing this price would have frightened them half to death. Ten billion was enough for them to buy ten good residences in the Black Warrior City, and some remote residences in this Aeon City cost only one or two billion.

Huang Xiaolong was also taken aback, he didn’t expect the Undying God Pill, Extraordinary Divine Pellet, and Myriad Cure Holy Pill would cost ten billion for one bottle. But he soon brightened up. Didn’t this mean the higher the price, the better it was? He wasn’t afraid of a high price, he was afraid that the price wasn’t high enough.

Huang Xiaolong took out a spatial ring, giving it to the Wangu Clan female disciple, “Inside here are twenty thousand top divine grade spirit stones. These three kinds of divine pellets, I’ll take everything your store has.” F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

That Wangu Clan female disciple was dumbfounded, then she was horrified looking at the twenty thousand top divine grade spirit stones inside the spatial ring.

Twenty thousand top divine grade spirit stones, that was 1.6 trillion!

Based on the price of ten billion per bottle, it was enough to buy one hundred and sixty bottles!

That Wangu Clan female disciple scurried off in a fluster to look for the Medicinal Pellet Hall’s high-level supervisor. When that high-level supervisor heard that Huang Xiaolong took out twenty thousand top divine grade spirit stones to purchase the Undying God Pill, Extraordinary Divine Pellet, and Myriad Cure Holy Pill, he too was shocked. He appeared in front of Huang Xiaolong moments later, personally handing over one hundred bottles of the three kinds of pills.

For healing pellets at the level of the Undying God Pill, the Eternal Commerce only had a little over one hundred bottles.

Hence, Huang Xiaolong used the remaining balance of five hundred billion to buy Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellets.

When all was done, Huang Xiaolong, Liu Yun, and Qi Wen exited the side hall and entered the lobby. But, just as they were about to walk out of the entrance, an unexpected old face was seen walking in their direction.

Xiang Mingzhi!

Obviously, Xiang Mingzhi was here to buy the name list booklet. He too noticed Huang Xiaolong and his surprise turned to delight as he approached him.