Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Xiang Mingzhi intentionally approached Huang Xiaolong, scrutinizing him from head to toe, shaking his head in disappointment, “Perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm? Huang Xiaolong, you really disappoint me. After cultivating for so many years, you still haven’t broken through to Highgod Realm? Originally, I thought you could be a small threat to me in this tournament, but now...”

Xiang Mingzhi was ‘overwhelmed’ by disappointment. In truth, he was a little disappointed with Huang Xiaolong; his enemy hadn’t even broken through to Highgod Realm. Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation was too weak in his eyes, so even if he killed him later it wouldn’t give him a memorable satisfaction.

Huang Xiaolong retorted with an aloof expression, “You really think you can kill me?” His divine sense unnoticeably swept over Xiang Mingzhi, discovering that he had broken through to Second Order Highgod Realm, moreover, it was peak mid-Second Order Highgod Realm!

This cultivation speed was truly alarming!

Thinking of Xiang Mingzhi’s peak mid-Second Order Highgod Realm strength enhanced by the Azure Dragon Divine Fire, as well as his Extreme Lightning Destruction Physique, Xiang Mingzhi’s strength was comparable to a peak mid-Third Order, maybe even a late-Third Order Highgod Realm master.

It was understandable that Xiang Mingzhi did not put a perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm in his eyes.

However, Huang Xiaolong had been holding back his energy from condensing into a godhead. With his terrifying accumulation in the past years, once he broke through to Highgod Realm, he would definitely reach a stage higher than Second Order Highgod Realm, and definitely wouldn’t be weaker than Xiang Mingzhi.

At perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm, Huang Xiaolong had refined a two-million-year-old Black Lotus, obtained the White Tiger Divine Fire, and later on, refined seventeen stalks of two-million-years-old herbs. Moreover, in these seventy years’ time, his body was tempered at all times by three galaxies’ star force.

Huang Xiaolong’s accumulation was beyond an astounding degree.

At Huang Xiaolong’s retort, Xiang Mingzhi let out a soft laugh, “Huang Xiaolong, are you saying I won’t be able to kill you? You probably don’t know that I’m a peak mid-Second Order Highgod Realm, just one more step and I’ll advance to late-Second Order Highgod Realm. Killing an insignificant God Realm cultivator like you, just one finger is enough!” He chuckled complacently, “Then again, at your current level, you won’t be able to see my cultivation.”

Hearing that Xiang Mingzhi had already broken through to peak mid-Second Order Highgod Realm, Liu Yun and Qi Wen seemed to have lost a little color from their faces.

Xiang Mingzhi still wore a complacent smile on his face, “I hope you won’t die too fast in the Overflowing Lightning World. Although your current strength is really too low, I still hope to end your life personally, for you to die in my hands.” With that said, Xiang Mingzhi turned and strode away, out of the lobby, disappearing in the crowd.

However, he did not realize that the moment he turned around, Huang Xiaolong flicked out a faint strand of internal force with his finger, leaving an undetectable mark on his body.

“Eldest Senior Apprentice-brother, let’s go back.” Huang Xiaolong said to Liu Yun and Qi Wen.

The three of them exited the Eternal Commerce Hall building.

“Fourth Junior Apprentice-brother, that Xiang Mingzhi has broken through to peak mid-Second Order Highgod Realm, when you enter the Overflowing Lightning World, you must be more careful.” Liu Yun suddenly said.

Seeing the worry on their faces, Huang Xiaolong gave them a reassuring smile, “I will.”

Running into Xiang Mingzhi had dampened their mood to stroll around the city, thus the three of them went back to the Surging Waves Mansion.

Back in his own courtyard, Huang Xiaolong took out the booklet he bought at the Eternal Commerce Hall and began reading through the pages.

On the first page of the booklet, there were only thirteen names. These thirteen names were all disciples at Fourth Order Highgod Realm and above participating in the tournament!

The first name on the list was none other than Wangu Yanhui, the Wangu Clan’s disciple, he was already a peak early Fourth Order Highgod Realm! The first name on the list also meant he was the strongest amongst so many disciples in the tournament on the surface.

The second was Fang Chu, an early Fourth Order Highgod Realm, originating from the Fortune Gate of Everlasting Galaxy; at third place was the Zhou Clan’s Zhou Yao, fourth was the Mu Clan’s Mu Qi.

Fifth on the list was the Ancient Sorcerer School’s Luo Shaochen; sixth, Orthodox Yang Sect’s Lu Dongwei; the seventh was Flying Roc Chamber’s Peng Xuejiao. Further down on the eighth place was the Ouyang Clan Patriarch’s son, Ouyang Wanxiong, and at the ninth place was the Swordless Sect’s Jian Shiyi. The tenth name was Taibang from the Giant Tribe; the eleventh place was the Dark Elves Tribe’s You Wuye, the next one was Tempest Academy’s Jiang Xiaosu, followed by Vanishing Life Island’s Jueshi Sanlang. [1]

In this list of thirteen names, other than Wangu Yanhui, the other twelve people’s cultivation was at early Fourth Order Highgod Realm. On the surface, everyone seemed to be on the same level of strength.

Of course, this was merely on the surface, who was actually stronger or weaker was hard to say at this point. Not one of the techniques these people cultivated, their skills, and weapons were stated in the booklet.

Among the thirteen people, Wangu Yanhui, Zhou Yao, and Mu Qi were from the Eternal Galaxy, while the rest came from different galaxies.

Huang Xiaolong turned to the next page.

There were actually one hundred and seventy-six people from late to peak late-Third Order Highgod Realm!

In other words, not even a peak late Third Order Highgod Realm was guaranteed a place within the top one hundred.

The ferocity of the tournament far exceeded Huang Xiaolong’s imagination.

In total, the number of participants at Third Order Highgod Realm and above was nine hundred and thirty-two people.

After that was the list of names from late to peak-late Second Order Higghod Realm, more than three thousand people!

As for the participants with cultivation below late-Second Order Highgod Realm, their names were not listed in the booklet. This showed that, in the eyes of the Wangu Clan, only those with the strength of a late-Second Order Highgod Realm and above had a chance of getting a place in the top one thousand.

The rest barely had any hope, hence there was no need to list them. Since Xiang Mingzhi was currently a peak mid-Second Order Highgod Realm, his name wasn’t in the booklet, even less so Huang Xiaolong himself.

The registration had ended a week ago. At the end of the last day, the Wangu Clan announced the total number of participating disciples from all over the galaxies, more than 17.62 million people.

More than 17.62 million people!

More than the average population of a big city.

A sliver of true immortal essence fire appeared on Huang Xiaolong’s finger, incinerating the booklet to ashes. At his level, the information in the booklet was easily committed to memory. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

“Xiang Mingzhi.” Huang Xiaolong muttered under his breath, a sharp light glinted in his eyes.

Earlier, he left a mark on Xiang Mingzhi’s body. On the Overflowing Lightning World, if they were within a certain range from each other, he would be able to sense Xiang Mingzhi’s location.

Once he entered the Overflowing Lightning World, the first thing he needed to do was to kill Xiang Mingzhi, obtain the last of the four divine fires, and then advance to Highgod Realm.

As long as he stepped into the Highgod Realm and condensed a supreme rank godhead, Huang Xiaolong had full confidence to snatch the first place in the tournament.

First place! Huang Xiaolong inhaled deeply.

In the remaining two days, Huang Xiaolong spent the nights in cultivation and went out with his Master and the others during the day, strolling around the Aeon City.

Two days came and went.

Huang Xiaolong exited the Heavenly Mountain and stepped out from his room. As he gazed at the sky, soft rays of sunlight were peeking out from the horizon, promising a clear sunny day.

When he reached the front hall, Feng Yang and the others were already there waiting for him. Shortly later, they departed for the Aeon Square.

On the way, Feng Yang’s mood was a little heavy, he already found out the strength of the participating disciples in the tournament and it was higher than he had estimated.

“Xiaolong, once you arrive at the Overflowing Lightning World, you must be cautious. If you come across disciples that are late-Second Order Highgod Realm, you need to avoid them, don’t go head to head with them. As long as you come back alive, I’m happy!” Feng Yang reminded Huang Xiaolong again.

Huang Xiaolong felt a little helpless but he answered, “I will, Master.”

1. Note: The thirteen names on the list - Wangu Yanhui (Flame of Eternal Splendor), Wangu Clan, Eternal Galaxy - Fang Chu (Chu- Distinct), Fortune Gate, Everlasting Galaxy - Zhou Yao (Yao-distant), Zhou Clan, Eternal Galaxy - Mu Qi (Wood, Unique) Mu Clan, Eternal Galaxy - Luo Shaochen (Shaochen-young dawn), Ancient Sorcerer School - Lu Dongwei (East, leather), Orthodox Yang Sect - Peng Xuejiao (Lovable Snow Peng) Flying Roc Chamber - Ouyang Wanxiong (Wanxiong-great might) Ouyang Clan - Jian Shiyi, (Sword Eleven), Swordless Sect - Taibang (Grand State), Giant Tribe - You Wuye (Nightless Darkness) Dark Elf Tribe - Jiang Xiaosu (Jiang-River, Xiaosu-small red basil, prb), Tempest Academy - Jueshi Sanlang (Peerless Third Son), Vanishing Life Island