Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Looking at Xiang Mingzhi’s name shining on the ranking list, growing increasingly bright in the last five days, the beaming smile on Qin Yi’s face grew increasingly blinding.

At this time, in the Overflowing Lightning World, two streaks of light drilled into the jade token inside Huang Xiaolong’s body, immediately increasing his number of points.

46,092 points. These were Huang Xiaolong’s points, with current ranking standing at 59, 368.

Although the bottom of top fifty-thousand was a far cry from Xiang Mingzhi’s position, it was still considered a significant improvement. There were First Order Highgod Realm disciples that were below Huang Xiaolong in the ranks.

In this tournament, there were more than twenty thousand disciples of late-First Order Highgod Realm and above. Adding on the cultivators of early First Order Highgod Realm, their number exceeded three million.

Therefore, disciples ranked in the top ten thousand were mostly late-First Order Highgod Realm and above, with merely a handful of perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm cultivators like Huang Xiaolong who managed to climb up to the ranks of fifty thousand.

Shortly after consuming a Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet, Huang Xiaolong flew out from a valley, continuing to fly in a certain direction. The lightning beasts he met on the way were all killed using just a soul force sword.

Day after day passed. In the blink of an eye, the participants had spent a month in the Overflowing Lightning World.

In this one month’s time, Huang Xiaolong did not stop to rest, persistently flying in a single direction. Whenever he felt that his god battle qi and soul force were close to exhaustion, he would consume a Spring Autumn Hundred Life Divine Pellet and employ Instant Recovery to return to his peak condition.

Along the way, he came across a few groups of disciples. Some were alone like Huang Xiaolong, and there were also disciples from different backgrounds who came together to form a group, as well as groups purely consisting of disciples from the same force.

Each of these people was strong and had great confidence in their own strength. Hence, there were a few who had the intention of killing Huang Xiaolong and rob his points when they saw a measly perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm disciple on his own. Naturally, one could imagine the ending of these people who acted on their desire.

After killing a few groups, there were twenty more spatial rings inside Huang Xiaolong’s Asura Ring.

Disciples eligible to participate in the tournament were all top geniuses of their galaxies, their spatial rings surely contained quite a lot of good stuff. They might not be useful to Huang Xiaolong, but he could use them to reward his Martial Spirit World’s subordinates when he returned.

After the first month passed, Huang Xiaolong’s ranking had risen again from his previous bottom of fifty-thousand to the upper half of twenty-thousand, at 23,645.

In the few groups of disciples he killed, the strongest one was a peak late-First Order Highgod Realm, but their accumulated points were only that many, otherwise Huang Xiaolong would have already shot up into the top twenty-thousand.

Then again, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t too concerned with his current performance. During this time, he was still focused on finding Xiang Mingzhi, or else, based on his strength, he could easily rush up into top one hundred by now.

“132nd place.” Huang Xiaolong was checking the jade token for Xiang Mingzhi’s progress with a self-deprecating smile. Judging from the results, Xiang Mingzhi went all out in this one month. Following this trend, in another month or two, he would enter top one hundred.

Although he failed to find Xiang Mingzhi in this one month, Huang Xiaolong was in no rush. He looked forward to finding Xiang Mingzhi right after he entered the top hundred.

On the other side, in Aeon City’s square, the members of the Azure Dragon Institute group were staring intently at the ranking board, observing Xiang Mingzhi’s ranking that was slowly but steadily inching up toward the top one hundred. Their faces bloomed like a flower in spring.

Recalling the fact that there were more than 17 million disciples from close to a hundred thousand galaxies participating in this Highgod Advancement Tournament, all of them geniuses among geniuses, it was a great glory for one of their disciples to obtain a spot in the top one hundred!

Qin Yi could already imagine the scene where his disciple Xiang Mingzhi was one of the top one hundred winners, shocking the four galaxies, the uproar it would cause!

Thanks to this, their Azure Dragon Institute’s reputation would spread far and wide. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

“I wonder what ranking that Huang Xiaolong has.” An Azure Dragon Institute Grand Elder casually mentioned.

Ceng Chu issued a cold laugh, “What kind of good ranking can a mere God Realm achieve? If it were up to me, I say that Huang Xiaolong is still struggling below the ten million.”

“That’s right. Who knows, maybe that Huang Xiaolong has already died in the Overflowing Lightning World.” Another Azure Dragon Institute Grand Elder chimed, his tone filled with ridicule.

“Junior Brother rose another two spots!” Ceng Chu suddenly shouted in excitement.

All of the Azure Dragon Institute members turned to look at the ranking list, and indeed, in that brief moment they exchanged a few words, Xiang Mingzhi had risen two places up the list, taking the 130th position. All of them were laughing widely.

In the blink of an eye, another two months passed. The tournament was about to enter its fourth month.

During the first month, the changes on the ranking list were frequent due to the rapid changes in the disciples’ accumulated points, whereas now, at the end of the third month, things seemed to have settled down.

Xiang Mingzhi did not disappoint the Azure Dragon Institute members, finally breaking into top one hundred. Furthermore, he shot all the way up to the 89th place.

Since the higher a participant’s points were, the brighter their name shined on the ranking list, Xiang Mingzhi’s name was undoubtedly eye-catching.

“Master, it’s Feng Yang that old man.” Ceng Chu suddenly whispered to Qin Yi.

Qin Yi and the other Azure Dragon Institute members turned over to look, seeing Feng Yang, Liu Yun, and the rest walking over from the distance.

In these three months, Feng Yang and his disciples would come over to check the ranking list every ten days or so. Even though they knew the chances of Huang Xiaolong entering the top three thousand were extremely slim, Feng Yang still harbored a sliver of hope, hoping for a miracle.

“Feng Yang, I didn’t expect you to still not give up at this stage.” Seeing Feng Yang coming to the square again, Qin Yi began ridiculing him in a cold voice, “Don’t tell me you really believe a miracle will happen.”

Every time Feng Yang came to look at the ranking list, Qin Yi would take the opportunity to mock him. This gave Qin Yi an instant feeling of satisfaction.

“Unfortunately, there are only so many miracles in the world.” Qin Yi snickered, “You guys are bound to be disappointed again. I’d advise you to stop coming; it’s sad to say this, but that Huang Xiaolong is probably dead.”

Feng Yang’s gaze was sharp as blades. Ignoring Qin Yi’s taunts, he looked at the ranking list, but Huang Xiaolong’s name still hadn’t appeared.

Noticing Xiang Mingzhi who was already in the 89th place, Feng Yang’s expression grew uglier.

“Let us return.” A moment later, Feng Yang said to his three disciples.

There was an air of dejection around Feng Yang as he left the square.

At this time in the Overflowing Lightning World, Huang Xiaolong retrieved his divine sense from the jade token.

4,346th place, this was Huang Xiaolong’s current position.

In general, disciples who could rise to the top five thousand possessed the strength of a late-Second Order Highgod Realm and above.

If it was known that a God Realm cultivator like Huang Xiaolong actually broke into the top four thousand, it was enough to cause an uproar at the Aeon Square.

However, the ranking list projected in the Aeon Square only showed the top three thousand names and didn’t show the disciples’ cultivation realm and strength. Hence, Huang Xiaolong’s existence went unnoticed.

Even Xiang Mingzhi, who paid close attention to him in the first few days stopped doing so after Huang Xiaolong’s ‘disappointing’ performance. The same went for the Yelu Family disciples.

On this day, Huang Xiaolong was flying forward as usual when, all of a sudden, he stopped in the air with an astonished expression. There was a megapolis in the distance!

There was actually a city in the Overflowing Lightning World! This possibility never occurred to Huang Xiaolong.