Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In a short period of time, Huang Xiaolong’s cultivation surged until peak early Second Order Highgod Realm before his true immortal force and god battle qi slightly slowed down.

Not knowing how long had passed, Huang Xiaolong once again attempted to break another barrier, entering mid-Second Order Highgod Realm. A few days after he succeeded, both his true immortal force and god battle qi finally calmed down, transforming into godforce.

Sitting there, Huang Xiaolong slowly opened his eyes. ‘My cultivation has finally entered the Highgod Realm!’

Although Huang Xiaolong had estimated that he could definitely breakthrough to Highgod Realm, now that he really succeeded, he still couldn’t contain the elation in his heart.

Now that he had stepped into the Highgod Realm, he had become a true god!

No matter how strong he was in the past, he was still half mortal. Only when one succeeded in condensing a godhead did they shed their mortal shell, becoming a god!

Soon, Huang Xiaolong discovered that he had broken through to Second Order Highgod Realm, moreover, it was mid-Second Order Highgod Realm.

“Only mid-Second Order Highgod Realm...” Huang Xiaolong shook his head wryly. Based on his astounding energy accumulation throughout the years, he hoped to reach at least Third Order Highgod Realm. In fact, reaching mid-Third Order Highgod Realm would have been ideal.

But who could’ve known that he would only manage to reach mid-Second Order Highgod Realm. Huang Xiaolong was a little bit dejected.

If his thoughts were known by other families and sects’ disciples, they would knock their heads against the wall and die in shame. In countless millennia, leaping straight to mid-Second Order Highgod Realm in one go after breaking through to Highgod Realm was never heard of.

There were, no doubt, numerous illustrious characters born from countless galaxies in the last hundreds of millennia, but even amongst those top monstrous geniuses, the most they could achieve directly after breaking through was late or peak late-First Order Highgod Realm. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

When Huang Xiaolong’s attention fell on the three godheads above his soul sea, he nearly froze in shock.

Three enormous godheads! Moreover, all three of them were of a different attribute!

That dark blue godhead exuded the divine aura of the Dragon Clan and could most likely be considered a kind of Dragon Clan godhead. Moreover, it contained water, fire, metal, earth, wood, lightning, wind, and other elements of nature. As for that inky black godhead, it was likely a godhead that an Archdevil could condense, considered a darkness attribute godhead. Moreover, it seemed to possess the power to corrode and devour!

The third godhead exuded pure Buddhism energy, a kind of godhead that only cultivators of the Buddha World could condense, filled with the power of light and life.

“Th-this...!” Huang Xiaolong was agape with shock.

He actually had three great godheads, with the powers of dragons, archdevils, and golden Buddhas! He was obviously a human, so how could he condense the dragon clan, archdevil, and golden Buddha godheads?

Also, those three godheads seemed a little too big, right?

The higher the rank of a godhead, the bigger its size; Xiang Mingzhi’s top rank ten godhead was just ten meters in diameter, but his three godheads actually reached 499,999 li in diameter each!

Xiang Mingzhi’s godhead was a mere dust particle when compared to Huang Xiaolong’s godheads!

Furthermore, each of them was a supreme rank godhead!

The king of all godheads!

Although he wasn’t sure what rank his three godheads were, judging from the grand primordial aura exuded by them that stood above all living beings, Huang Xiaolong could determine that they were undeniably supreme rank, perhaps even higher. For now, he couldn’t say for sure if his three godheads were low, mid, high, or top supreme rank godheads.

Three kings of godheads! Huang Xiaolong sucked in a breath of cold air.

His mother, he finally condensed the king of all godheads, moreover, it was three of them, not one! All the laborious effort he exerted in compressing his cultivation realm until he obtained all four divine fires before breaking through to the Highgod Realm was indeed the right choice!

Three supreme godheads ah!

Although he didn’t know if there were people like him in the Divine World, incredible geniuses who could condense three supreme godheads, he knew that in the lower realm there was only him!

Forget three of them at the same time, there had never been a genius who managed to condense even a single supreme rank godhead.

Before entering the Overflowing Lightning World, Huang Xiaolong managed to find out that the Wangu Clan’s greatest genius, Wangu Yanhui, only succeeded in condensing a king rank godhead.

A long time later, Huang Xiaolong suppressed his brimming excitement.

Any person would feel beyond elated and joyful upon condensing a supreme godhead, and even more so, three of them at the same time. Huang Xiaolong was no exception; not breaking into a dance from the 21st century Earth showed his control.

After suppressing his excitement a little, he began checking other parts of himself.

Huang Xiaolong’s True Dragon Physique was no longer a mortal shell, but a divine body. As for how strong his body was, he still wasn’t sure, but it certainly reached a heaven-defying level.

The four divine fires had completely merged into his five viscera and six bowels; the Azure Dragon Divine Fire integrated into his liver, the Black Tortoise Divine Fire into his kidney, the Vermilion Bird Divine Fire fused with his heart, and the White Tiger Divine Fire integrated with his lungs.

All four divine fires were linked and resonated with each other harmoniously. The four divine fires’ essence pooled where his dantian used to be, even releasing a clear gray energy that spread through his body.

This clear gray energy’s grade exceeded the four galaxies’ star force many times over.

After his godheads condensed, both his dantian and Qi Sea disappeared completely as his true immortal essence force and god battle qi were converted into godforce.

Huang Xiaolong then noticed that his black and blue twin dragon martial spirits also disappeared, becoming one with his soul. On his back, two patterns of a blue dragon head and a black dragon head could be seen, resembling tattoos.

Although the blue and black twin dragon martial spirits could no longer be seen like before, their martial spirit abilities were still present. Moreover, these abilities had evolved, merging into Huang Xiaolong’s divine body.

Which meant that, if he was injured in the future, he no longer needed to intentionally trigger his martial spirit ability of Instant Recovery, his True Dragon Divine Physique would recover on its own.

As for his soul transformation ability...

Huang Xiaolong appeared high in the air above the Heavenly Mountain in a flicker. With a sway, a bright light flashed and he physically turned into a primordial divine dragon!

In the past, when he soul transformed, he possessed only a part of a dragon’s attributes and power, whereas now, he was a genuine primordial divine dragon down to the last dragon scale! Furthermore, he was a dragon that had never appeared in the history of the Dragon Clan, a blue dragon.

This blue dragon was the result of the merging of the initial black and blue twin dragon martial spirits.

After turning into a primordial divine dragon, with a sway of his body, Huang Xiaolong traversed ten thousand li. Just this flying speed was faster than a peak late-Third Order Highgod Realm master’s Greater Teleportation.

A while later, he reverted back to his human form.

‘I wonder how my battle strength is right now.’ Huang Xiaolong wondered to himself. Before stepping into the Highgod Realm, he could defeat a late-Third Order Highgod Realm master, but now he was a mid-Second Order Highgod Realm master himself, one that had three supreme godheads.

“My battle strength is likely to be very high...” Huang Xiaolong smacked his lips. Looks like he needed to find an opponent to test things out.

Who should he find? Naturally, the best candidates were the Fourth Order Highgod Realm participating disciples.

Huang Xiaolong’s divine sense submerged into his jade token and discovered that his ranking had fallen all the way to 969th place.

He shook his head, a wry smile on his face; looks like his breakthrough to the Highgod Realm took more time than he had assumed, otherwise, his ranking wouldn’t have fallen from 93rd place to 969th place.