Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Still, all of that needed to wait until after his wedding.

Huang Xiaolong decided to make a trip to the City of Devils after his wedding one and a half months later to challenge the Hellion Tower.

A while later, he left the Ascending Moon Old Man’s yard, entering the Heavenly Mountain’s manor.

Currently, his parents, siblings, relatives, Shi Xiaofei, the Blessed Buddha Emperor Shi Fantian, and the rest were staying inside the Heavenly Mountain. The amazing level of spiritual energy there was beneficial to their cultivation, but most important of all, even if the Fortune Gate masters came, as long as it wasn’t a Tenth Order Highgod Realm, Huang Xiaolong needn’t worry for his family’s safety.

With the several Highgod Realm subordinates under him guarding the Huang Clan Manor, even a Ninth Order Highgod Realm master wouldn’t be able to break the Heavenly Mountain’s barrier formations once activated.

Of course, if the Fortune Gate really sent a Ninth Order Highgod Realm master to deal with him, Huang Xiaolong could have the Heavenly Mountain conceal itself and flee, his family and friends’ safety wouldn’t be jeopardized.

Huang Xiaolong appeared in the main hall of the Heavenly Mountain’s manor. He then spent some time talking with his parents and Shi Xiaofei before entering a concealed space, continuing his cultivation.

Before the Alchemist Grandmaster Grand Competition, he had to strive for a breakthrough to Seventh Order Highgod Realm, only then would he have a chance to defeat Fang Chu’s Master, Sun Yi.

He was pressed for time, that short period of less than ten years was far from sufficient for him to grow stronger. He needed to invest every second he could in improving his strength.

Huang Xiaolong activated his four divine fires, when all of a sudden from the void above him, a stream of shimmering gray energy flowed down, entering his body, which his three supreme godheads then devoured, converting it into godforce. All three of his godheads shook after they made contact with that energy, emitting a radiant light.

Huang Xiaolong was startled, ‘This is?’

What exactly was that shimmering gray energy? It had such high quality, many times higher than the energy contained in the lightning dragon spiritual vein he had refined. Even his three supreme godheads showed such a vigorous reaction as they absorbed it.

That lightning dragon spiritual vein was formed from countless years of accumulating the spiritual energy of a higher realm, yet this shimmering gray energy’s quality was many times higher than that. Huang Xiaolong couldn’t begin to imagine the source of that energy.

But he quickly suppressed the amazement in his heart, once again stimulated the four divine fires, which caused a stream of shimmering gray energy to flow out from the void into his body.

In his soul sea, his three supreme godheads shone brightly. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

This time, Huang Xiaolong could clearly sense the source of this shimmering gray energy, it was coming from the Divine World instead of the lower realm.

What exactly was that spiritual energy?

Huang Xiaolong had read almost all the records in the four galaxies’ institutes, but he still hadn’t the slightest clue about what kind of spiritual energy would emerge after the four divine fires merged.

A while later, Huang Xiaolong suppressed these headless thoughts, fully focusing on stimulating the four divine fires and absorbing the shimmering gray energy coming from the void.

This time, the stream of shimmering gray energy was thicker, about the size of a thumb.

Huang Xiaolong increased his effort in stimulating the four divine fires. That stream of shimmering gray energy continued to flow out from the void, devoured by his three supreme godheads like a famished person did with food.

The radiant light from Huang Xiaolong’s soul sea extended outside of his body, expanding, becoming ever more fascinating.

The day passed in the blink of an eye.

Huang Xiaolong slowly opened his eyes.

After a day of absorbing the shimmering gray energy, he felt a significant improvement in his cultivation, especially the godforce within his three supreme godheads which seemingly went through some kind of changes, becoming purer and more powerful.

One thing that depressed Huang Xiaolong was the fact that only one thumb-sized stream of gray energy would flow out from the Divine World no matter how hard he pushed the four divine fires.

That was to say, in every breath’s time, only a single stream would flow out. Not to mention the speed with which his three supreme godheads were swallowing up that energy. In every breath, each of his godheads could devour one hundred streams of gray energy, and having three supreme godheads tripled the amount to three hundred streams.

Therefore, one little stream of energy every other breath wasn’t enough to be divided between his three supreme godheads ah.

Although the lightning dragon spiritual vein’s energy was of lower quality, it could ‘feed’ all three of Huang Xiaolong’s godheads until they were full each time.

He then made a quick estimation in his head. If he cultivated with this shimmering gray energy, there was a very high chance he could break through to Fifth Order Highgod Realm in a short two to three years.

This speed may be unprecedented to others, but it was a little too slow for Huang Xiaolong. After all, there were less than ten years until the Alchemist Grandmaster Union competition.

Merely relying on this shimmering gray energy wasn’t sufficient for him to break through to Seventh Order Highgod Realm within ten years.

‘Looks like I still need to make a trip to the City of Devils and challenge the Hellion Tower.’ Huang Xiaolong thought to himself.

Hence, at night, Huang Xiaolong would use the four divine fires to absorb the shimmering gray energy, while during the day he would spend time with his family and Shi Xiaofei.

The days quickly passed by, and Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei’s wedding day arrived.

After two months of rebuilding, the Huang Clan Manor had restored its previous magnificence. In fact, the whole residence was even grander, filled with a lively, festive air.

Two month prior, due to the Yelu and Beitang Families releasing word that they were going to paint Martial Spirit World red with blood, other than Huang Xiaolong’s Master Feng Yang, his Eldest Senior Apprentice-brother Liu Yun, Third Apprentice-sister Qi Wen, and a few others, no one else dared to show up at his wedding.

However, this time around, cultivators from the four galaxies could be seen all around, akin to an ocean of people. They were enough to fill the whole Martial Spirit World. The four galaxies’ big and small Patriarchs, Ancestors, Grand Elders, and Elders all arrived in Martial Spirit World bearing gifts.

The Huang Clan Manor was even more packed with guests, extremely lively.

Such a grand occasion had never occurred in the four galaxies for millions of years.

Gifts were piled several mountains high, lining next to each other.

In fact, the Huang Clan Manor servants had reserved a large empty square to place these gifts, but as time passed they realized that the space was far from enough ah.

After going through a string of marriage rituals which included the ceremonial bows and tea ceremony, Huang Min and the others happily sent Shi Xiaofei to the bridal chamber, while Huang Xiaolong was left to accompany the toasting guests at the banquet.

Naturally, those Ancestors, Patriarchs, Grand Elders, and Elders were all flustered when toasting to Huang Xiaolong, bowing nervously while uttering cautious words of flattery as if Huang Xiaolong would be upset if they were half a step too slow.

Darkness gradually pulled a veil over the sky, and the guests from the four galaxies bid their farewells and left.

After everyone left, Huang Xiaolong made his way to a decorated yard, stopping in front of the bridal chamber. His palms pushed open the doors in front of him and stepped inside where Shi Xiaofei had long been waiting, sitting at the edge of the bridal bed made from ten thousand years old elm wood. Although the two people were at different ends of the room, Huang Xiaolong could hear Shi Xiaofei’s loud heartbeat.

He slowly approached Shi Xiaofei, who was fully clad in a red wedding dress, and took a seat in front of her, causing her heartbeat to audibly quicken.

Huang Xiaolong removed the red scarf covering her head, revealing Shi Xiaofei’s alluring face, slightly red from shyness.

Today, Shi Xiaofei was specially dressed up, enhancing her alluring beauty to another degree, which caused all other living beings to pale in comparison.

Huang Xiaolong’s feelings rose to his chest, softly calling her name: “Xiaofei.”

“En,” Shi Xiaofei answered, barely louder than a mosquito. As if what was about to happen next flickered in her mind, her delicate face turned red like an apple.

Huang Xiaolong inched closer, placing his lips close to her ears, whispering, “Tonight, you’re mine....”