Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 92: Opening the First Layer of Linglong Treasure Pagoda

A brief moment later, Xiaolong canceled the soul transformation. Both the blue and black dragon scales on his arms as well as the two tattooed-like dragon heads on his back disappeared. Exhaustion hit him all of a sudden.

Although soul transformation increased his power and strength by many folds, it also consumed a large amount of battle qi; moreover, he had just advanced to the Seventh Order.

After Huang Xiaolong returned to his normal self, tiny blue dots of lights shimmered around his body, and as they shone, the exhaustion Huang Xiaolong felt due to the soul transformation vanished instantly. His battle qi along his meridians recovered in a short few seconds.

This was Huang Xiaolong martial spirit’s third ability after breaking through to the Seventh Order: Instant Recovery!

Instant Recovery!

Roughly a few breaths’ time, Huang Xiaolong had fully recovered the depleted battle qi!

Although it needed ten seconds’ time to fully recover his battle qi, it was already a heaven-defying level ability. From a certain aspect, this Instant Recovery was stronger than Space Concealment and Phantom Shadow.

Combining Instant Recovery with Space Concealment, Huang Xiaolong needn’t worry about the side effect of depleted battle qi.

Well, the only ‘misfortune’ for this ability was it can only recover battle qi and not heal injuries.

Ten seconds later, Xiaolong’s battle qi had fully recovered; he vanished right on the spot and vanishing along with him was the chair next to him. Ten breaths’ time later, he reappeared from the space.

Coming out from the space concealment, Huang Xiaolong continued to test the ability, appearing and disappearing meters away, and in the blink of an eye, he was more than ten meters from the original spot.

After the second evolution, other than awakening a third ability, the previous two abilities were strengthened.

Before, entering the concealment space, he could only go in alone whereas now, he could bring another person. And with Phantom Shadow ability, he could actually shift his position with his will within a ten meters range, teleportation. His speed was twice as fast the one Lu Kai possessed with his Sky Peng martial spirit!

Huang Xiaolong inhaled deeply while his heart was rejoicing. He didn’t expect he would have a new ability after his martial spirits evolved a second time and the first two had such an improvement.

Then, he called out the Linglong Treasure Pagoda.

According to what Yu Ming had said, he could open the first layer once he broke through to the Seventh Order.

Huang Xiaolong initiated the netherworld battle qi on both palms and as per Yu Ming’s instruction, sent his battle qi into the pagoda. When the netherworld battle qi entered the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, it shone brightly and absorbed Huang Xiaolong’s battle qi. He was somewhat taken aback by the reaction, and without warning, his eyes blurred as he appeared in a different space.

This space was not big, merely several hundred square meters with a height of ten meters. In the four directions were walls that were made of unknown material.

“This is the first floor space inside the Linglong Treasure Pagoda?” Huang Xiaolong surveyed around wide-eyed; this situation was not consistent with Yu Ming’s description.

This Linglong Treasure Pagoda’s space actually allows the owner to enter inside?

Doesn’t this mean....!

Getting over his shock, he was more than thrilled because he noticed the spiritual aura within the Linglong Treasure Pagoda was thicker and much purer than the outside. Furthermore, up above the space, scuds of fire dragon qi flowed upwards, forming groups of thick fire dragon qi clouds. If he cultivated inside this space, absorbing the fire dragon qi clouds, it would be far more effective than cultivating in the Dragon Flame Valley.

Floating above these clouds were thumb-sized red beads, and they were shiny as they reflected the light like the twinkling stars in the night sky. However, the stars were white, and these beads glittered a fiery-red.

“Fire Dragon Pearl!” A thought flashed across Huang Xiaolong’s brain.

This must be the Fire Dragon Pearl that Yu Ming talked about!

One, two, three!

Huang Xiaolong slowly counted one by one and came up to a hundred and eight!

His eyes lit up, one hundred and eight Fire Dragon Pearl!

This number was greatly out of his expectation. This amount of Fire Dragon Pearls was enough for himself to cultivate with for some time and even distribute some to his parents and little siblings.

Suddenly at this point, a coruscating fire-red glow fell on Huang Xiaolong and shrouded over him before he could react. Subsequently, in Xiaolong’s mind, a physique cultivation technique appeared with information about the Golden Linglong Body.

The Golden Linglong Body had a total of nine layers and every layer brought about a mythical effect, and when one reached the ninth layer to achieve the Linglong Treasure Body, the person’s body would be as resilient as the Linglong Treasure Pagoda, nearing invincible.

Huang Xiaolong repeated the mantra once in his mind and seconds later, he sat down cross-legged and started practicing. In the blink of an eye, a layer of fiery-red golden light similar to the Linglong Treasure Pagoda burst out from Huang Xiaolong’s body.

A few hours later, Huang Xiaolong finally stopped. During these few hours of practice, Huang Xiaolong observed that there was a mystical force strengthening his muscles, bones, tendons, and the surface of his skin, improving his overall defense.

After stopping his practice, Huang Xiaolong turned his attention to the glittering red pearls hanging above the thick red clouds. With a thought, his right hand teleported one of the Fire Dragon Pearls.

On his palm, the Fire Dragon Pearl felt a little hot, like a fire pearl burning at fifty to sixty degrees celsius.

Hang Xiaolong opened his mouth and threw the fire-red pearl into his mouth– the moment the Fire Dragon Pearl reached his stomach, it turned into a hot stream of energy that rushed into every corner of his body.

Sensing this, Xiaolong quickly calmed down again and ran the Asura Tactics to refine the stream of hot energy. The netherworld battle qi in his meridians became active, surging and crashing the entire time while the dark gray color started to change slowly to a light gray.

The same thing process emerged again, just like the time he was cultivating in the Dragon Flame Valley. Black imprities mixed with blood formed a layer over his skin, and these impurities were hidden deep down inside of his body instead of the normal ones.

Another few hours passed.

A layer of hardened blood and waste covered Huang Xiaolong.

One day passed and the layer of impurities fell off as a new layer of waste was dispelled again, and the process repeated itself once more.

After five days, it stopped.

Huang Xiaolong took one day’s time to fully refine one Fire Dragon Pearl and each time he finished one, he would take another pearl down from the clouds as he continued to swallow and cultivate. In ten days’ time, he had refined ten Fire Dragon Pearls. He stopped when he finished the tenth pearl and stood up, feeling immensely relaxed and comfortable from head to toe, akin to throwing away a hundred jin burden.

Ten days of practice resulted in Huang Xiaolong’s strength improving again, nearing peak early-Seventh Order.

According to Xiaolong’s estimation, if he continued to stay and practice in the Linglong Treasure Pagoda space while swallowing the Fire Dragon Pearls, in another two weeks’ time, he could reach peak early-Seventh Order, and given two months’ time – mid-Seventh Order. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, with this cultivation speed, even if he monopolized all one hundred and eight Fire Dragon pearls, it could only last him three to four months.

That, and the speed at which the Linglong Treasure Pagoda condensed one pearl, even ten days were not sufficient to complete one. Thus, Huang Xiaolong had to think of a method that would speed up the process.

Note:

A hundred jin approx. 50 kg