Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The environment of the second floor was a primitive forest, it was filled with towering trees that shaded the ground. Each tree had a trunk so thick that ten adult men would be needed to embrace it, but more importantly, every single one of them was an extremely rare Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Tree!

The Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Trees had a faint layer of scarlet fire burning on their surface, with leaves entirely black instead of the common green, just like a blooming snow lotus.

Huang Xiaolong was inwardly shocked, Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Trees were extremely hard to grow, rising one meter in ten thousand years. For this forest to be filled with trees reaching a hundred zhang in height, didn’t this mean they were more than three million years old?

Just a small portion from a hundred thousand years old Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Tree was worth a billion! Even Huang Xiaolong couldn’t estimate the worth of a whole forest!

What a pity that he couldn’t bring these trees out. Otherwise, building a magnificent palace from Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Trees would bring great benefits to their cultivation, whether it was for him or his family.

Huang Xiaolong pushed away these thoughts and walked into the depths of the primitive forest.

Right at this time, a sharp sword light slashed through the air, arriving behind him in the blink of an eye. When this sword light looked like it was about to split Huang Xiaolong into halves, a bright light enveloped his body, completely blocking the sword light ten zhang away.

Subsequently, he raised a palm, creating a powerful a suction force that pulled a peak late-First Order Highgod Realm devil from one of the trees into his hand.

Right at this time, another sword light flew toward him, aimed at his back. In a split second, a third sword cut through the air, targeting to blind Huang Xiaolong.

Almost in an instant, there were nine piercing sword lights flying out from various locations, attacking him.

Huang Xiaolong stood where he was, circulating his godforce to form a protective barrier around himself.

Those sword lights clashed against his protective barrier and rebounded, followed by nine figures falling down from the surrounding trees.

This was the first wave of devils hiding among the Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Trees. Similar to the first floor, the first batch was comprised of ten devils, the difference was that the weaker devils formed on the second floor were mid-First Order Highgod Realm, and the leaders had cultivations of peak late-First Order!

Moreover, the Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Tree themselves had a natural dark element force. With those devils hiding amongst the trees, one could barely distinguish any difference in energy fluctuations between the two, making it harder to defend against attacks. Hence, the difficulty of the second floor was ten times higher than the first floor.

However, for Huang Xiaolong, there was no difference between the first floor and second floor.

He gathered all the devils in front of him, devoured their energy, then continued to move forward.

He had just taken a few steps when the second wave of devils started attacking.

In a short few breaths’ time, Huang Xiaolong had annihilated the second wave of devils, followed by the third wave, then the fourth wave...

Roughly six minutes later, the second floor’s ten waves of devils were completely devoured, converted into Huang Xiaolong’s godforce.

Once he dealt with all the devils on the second floor, the Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Trees quivered, emitting a golden red light. Every tree bore a Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Fruit!

Every fruit shone with a resplendent light, emitting a refreshing fragrance that immediately drowned the primitive forest in a sea of fragrance. Just taking in a breath, Huang Xiaolong felt comfortable and refreshed, even his soul force seemed more consolidated.

In a glance, the youngest of those Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Fruits were at least two-million-years-old. But even more of them were three-million-years-old.

Although every tree only had one fruit, just how many Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Trees were in the entire forest?!

These fruits were the reward for passing the second floor!

Huang Xiaolong’s eyes were sparkling as he quickly flew up into the air above the primitive forest. With a wave of his hands, numerous golden red fruits flew up into the air and sped towards him.

Huang Xiaolong’s Archdevil Supreme Godhead had already begun devouring the energy contained within them.

These Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Fruits would only exist for one month and then disappear from the world. Just like the amazing spiritual energy on the first floor, one was only limited by time regarding how many fruits they could refine in a month’s time, and this relied on individual capability.

One minute, two minutes, ten minutes...

Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Fruits flew toward Huang Xiaolong like a river, being continuously refined and absorbed, turning into godforce.

Compared to the first floor’s spiritual energy reward which took Huang Xiaolong no more than a dozen breaths of time, the amount of Scarlet Fire Black Lotus on the second floor was really too much, especially considering that a large number of them were three-million-years-old spiritual fruits. After twenty minutes, Huang Xiaolong merely absorbed half of them.

More than forty minutes later, he finally completely absorbed the enormous amount of spiritual fruits.

When all was done, Huang Xiaolong noticed that his cultivation had broken through to peak late-Fourth Order Highgod Realm.

‘Peak late-Fourth Order Highgod Realm! Just one more step to Fifth Order Highgod Realm!’ Delight surged in his heart.

This Hellion Tower was truly a cultivation treasure land.

Following this trend, if he could pass the twelfth floor, there was a very high chance that he could breakthrough to Seventh Order Highgod Realm!

A moment later, Huang Xiaolong forced himself to calm down. Similar to what he did on the first floor, he sat down and adjusted his condition for one hour.

‘I wonder if that Mo Su has reached the third floor...’ As he was standing up, this thought flashed in Huang Xiaolong’s mind.

Although he entered the second floor later than Mo Su, the space everyone appeared in was different, therefore he couldn’t sense Mo Su’s presence or the situation on his end.

Huang Xiaolong no longer pondered about the matter, flying past the primitive forest, reaching the third floor’s entrance. In a flicker, he arrived at the third floor.

Just as he appeared on the third floor, the outside wall of the Hellion Tower shone brightly, the ancient devil race symbols on the walls glimmered.

The spectating crowd saw this and gasped in surprise.

“Mo Su actually passed the second floor in such a short time, entering the third floor! It’s been less than three hours since he entered, right?!” A human race cultivator exclaimed in disbelief.

“In the past, the Devil King took a full day to pass the second floor! This Mo Su’s talent is really shocking ah, truly frightening! Looks like the ancient devil clan is about to return to its old glory!” A Zhou Clan Elder lamented.

The devil clan disciples and elders all around wore beaming smiles. Elder Mo Shirong was laughing as he said, “The Devil Son really gave us a big surprise!”

Another devil clan Elder named Cheng Bangyi agreed, “With the Devil Son’s advancing speed, I estimate he will only need one day to pass the third floor!”

The crowd outside was talking about the matter with excitement.

Everyone took it for granted that the person who entered the third floor was Devil Son Mo Su, but what these people didn’t know was that Mo Su was still stuck on the second floor. Although he entered the second floor an hour earlier than Huang Xiaolong, he had just finished killing the last wave of devils a while ago and was currently refining the rewarded Scarlet Fire Black Lotus Fruits.

Mo Su sat in a meditative posture above the primitive forest, and floating high in his soul sea were actually five enormous godheads!

Each godhead exceeded a shocking seven thousand li in diameter!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com