Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

In the past five decades, under Huang Xiaolong’s tireless effort every night, Shi Xiaofei advanced to perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm. She now had extremely high soul clarity, meaning she could attempt to breakthrough to Highgod Realm any time she wished.

It was Huang Xiaolong who delayed her breakthrough, telling her to continue increasing her soul clarity, to continue the accumulation.

As for his family, every few years or so, Huang Xiaolong would use his supreme godforce to temper their physical bodies. With his help, his family’s cultivation improved drastically, faster than any other time they were cultivating, helping most of them reach Tenth Order God Realm and above.

The most visible of all was Huang Xiaolong’s nephew, Guo Xiaofan, who reached late-Tenth Order God Realm.

Zhao Shu, Zhang Fu, Fei Hou, Hao Tian, Xie Puti, the Heaven Devouring Beast Lil’ Tian, Huang Xiaoyong, the Blessed Buddha Emperor Shi Fantian, and the others had all achieved high-level God Realm cultivation. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

During this period, Huang Xiaolong did not expand his territory or forces, but as time passed, more and more families and sects from various galaxies took the initiative submit under his banner.

This, even without deliberate intention, caused Huang Xiaolong’s influence and power to develop even further.

Even though the Wangu Clan, Fortune Gate, and others with long and powerful heritage forces desired to curb this trend, in reality, they could only watch with wide eyes as Huang Xiaolong’s power extended more and more, powerless to stop it.

One thing worth feeling glad about was that Huang Xiaolong did not display any ambition of conquering the world.

During this period, Huang Xiaolong had also made several trips to the Fortune Gate, looking for Li Lu. Although their interactions were happy and harmonious, the knot in her heart remained unresolved. She still refuses to go to the Divine Dan City to meet his family.

This matter made Huang Xiaolong feel helpless more than once.

As his days grew idle, he often brought Shi Xiaofei and the rest of his family to the world surfaces famous for their beautiful sceneries, like the Ice River World, to relax and have fun.

In the past, Huang Xiaolong had mostly been away from his family, searching for resources. Hence, he wanted to compensate for all the time spent away from his family as much as he could.

The days passed ordinarily, yet were happy, blissful, and full, not at all dull.

Another thirty years passed.

Finally, Shi Xiaofei’s energy accumulation had reached the highest limit she could sustain, while her soul clarity also reached the clearest she could achieve. Under Huang Xiaolong’s protection, she began to impact the Highgod Realm barrier.

Several days passed and Shi Xiaofei finally succeeded in her breakthrough. Moreover, she advanced all the way to peak late-First Order Highgod Realm in one go, the godhead she condensed was one of the legendary godheads of the Buddhism heritage called Radiant Veluriyam Godhead!

A top grade emperor rank godhead!

Despite his confidence in Shi Xiaofei’s talent, coupled with his help, Huang Xiaolong estimated she could condense an emperor rank godhead, but a top grade emperor rank godhead was still a surprise.

After all, the difficulty of condensing a top grade emperor rank godhead was too high.

He believed that, even in the Divine World, only those within the scope of peerless geniuses could condense a top grade emperor rank godhead.

Could this be related to their dual cultivation?

When the two of them dual cultivated, their essence energy transferred and merged in each other’s body. Could this have unknowingly enhanced Shi Xiaofei’s potential? One must know, Huang Xiaolong’s essence energy contained godforce from his three supreme godheads.

Although he had also used his godforce to temper his family’s bodies, the conditions naturally varied greatly from Shi Xiaofei’s.

Shi Xiaofei had successfully broken through to the Highgod Realm, and his large family had all reached perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm.

Another dozen years passed since then. The Huang Family members that had reached perfection stage late-Tenth Order God Realm also accumulated to the limit of their potential, breaking through to the Highgod Realm with Huang Xiaolong’s assistance one by one.

Even with years of Huang Xiaolong using his godforce to temper their bodies, not discounting the large volume of divine pellets and treasures that Huang Xiaolong had given them, the godhead level most of his family had condensed was high grade rank ten. The higher ranking ones were only his brother, Huang Xiaohai, and his nephew, Guo Xiaofan, with low grade king rank godheads.

To Huang Xiaolong, this result fell a little short of satisfactory, for this meant that their future cultivation path would be greatly limited. His family members, on the other hand, were ecstatic, so overjoyed that they couldn’t distinguish the directions anymore. In their eyes, a high rank ten godhead was already a miracle. One must not forget; in the four galaxies where they came from, other than Xiang Mingzhi who had condensed a top grade rank ten godhead in the past, there hadn’t been anyone who succeeded for tens of millennia.

Not to mention the fact that the Ancestor generation characters who had condensed a rank ten godhead throughout the countless galaxies were scarce in number.

On this day, Huang Xiaolong sat in his yard in the Abundant Deities Manor, sipping wine alone absentmindedly.

Shi Xiaofei entered the yard and walked to Huang Xiaolong’s side, taking a seat beside him as her hands refilled his wine cup. Her gentle voice sounded, “What’s the matter? Is there something on your mind?”

Huang Xiaolong did not say anything.

“Thinking about the Divine World’s matters?” Shi Xiaofei suddenly asked after a moment of transient silence.

Both of them had been husband and wife for a long time. From the time they first met until now, several hundred years had passed, but Shi Xiaofei’s guesses hit the mark nine out of ten times.

Huang Xiaolong nearly choked, looking stupidly at Shi Xiaofei then answered, “Yes.”

She was right, he had been contemplating things about the Divine World in the last few days.

Ever since he killed the Ghost Refining Sect Master and conquered the Path to Hell, almost a hundred years had passed. Although Huang Xiaolong’s days had been extremely leisurely, he couldn’t stay in the lower realm forever.

Over a decade ago, he had advanced to early Tenth Order Highgod Realm, and in the last few years, his cultivation had plateaued. The amount of energy he required to breakthrough to Tenth Order Highgod Realm was too frightening, there was almost no treasure in the lower realm that could support his three supreme godheads’ consumption.

Even though he had the shimmering gray energy summoned by the four divine fires, it was far from sufficient.

At this rate, give him another three to four hundred years and Huang Xiaolong still wouldn’t be able to breakthrough to perfection stage late-Tenth Order Highgod Realm. It was excruciatingly slow!

Thus, the thought of ascending crossed his mind.

But, what about his family?

If he ascended to the Divine World without his family, who could say for sure when they would be able to reunite?

The problem was, there were too many unknown dangers in the Divine World! His family’s strength was still too weak, if they ascended together to the Divine World, Huang Xiaolong wasn’t sure he would be able to keep them safe.

“Xiaolong, you need not worry about us.” Shi Xiaofei more or less saw through Huang Xiaolong’s worries, speaking her thoughts, “All of us have reached the Highgod Realm now and have three hundred thousand years of lifespan in the lower realm. If the time comes and you are still unable to come back to see us, we’ll look for you in the Divine World!”

Huang Xiaolong stilled. His eyes flickered, but he nodded after a while, “That is good as well!”

Three hundred thousand years later, even if he failed to return to the lower realm to see his family, he most likely would have established a power of his own. At that time, if his family ascended, he would have the power to protect them.

While in the lower realm, his family would be protected by the Ghost Refining Sect, the Ancient Devil Clan, and others, Huang Xiaolong was assured of their safety.

By the next morning, all the Huang Family and everyone else already heard of Huang Xiaolong’s decision to ascend. The atmosphere turned lifeless, filled with reluctance and sadness.

Everyone understood without saying it out loud, this parting was different from all those times in the past.

In the days leading up to his ascension, for almost a full year, Huang Xiaolong stayed to accompany his family at the Abundant Deities Manor, especially Shi Xiaofei. Their dual cultivation went on for several days at a time, as if both of them wanted to melt the other into their own body, forgetting the world outside, imprinting the other into their memories.

After a year’s time, the day of Huang Xiaolong’s ascension to the Divine World had arrived.