Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Since the news of Huang Xiaolong’s impending ascension wasn’t deliberately concealed, it had reached the forces in various galaxies in a short span of time.

On this day, the Divine Dan City was overcrowded, every street and alley was packed with cultivators from various sects and galaxies.

Human or not, they had come to the Divine Dan City.

Even more so in front of the Abundant Deities Manor, there was a sea of people standing too close for comfort.

The Huang Family, Shi Xiaofei, Xie Puti, the Blessed Buddha Emperor Shi Fantian, the Spirit Devourer Violent Monkey Huang Xiaoyong, the Heaven Devouring Beast Lil’ Tian, as well as the Ascending Moon Old Man, Institute Principal Feng Yang, Liu Yun, Qi Wen, and others had arrived.

Huang Xiaolong looked at the faces of his closest people who had accompanied him for a few hundred years until now, his friends, brothers, elders, making his heart grow heavy. He stepped up and hugged each person, bidding farewell.

Hugging her son, Su Yan’s tears couldn’t stop, and Huang Xiaolong allowed her to do so quietly.

After they separated, Huang Xiaolong came to a stand in front of Xie Puti, giving this friend of his a playful punch on the shoulder while smiling, “Cultivate hard, we’ll compete again.”

The scenes of the past during the Duanren Imperial City battle flickered in Huang Xiaolong’s mind.

Xie Puti gave a big grin, “I don’t dare to compete with a freak like you anymore. By the time I ascend, who knows what realm you will have reached.”

At the moment, Xie Puti was still a peak late-Tenth Order God Realm.

The two good friends broke into laughter.

Then, Huang Xiaolong stood in front of Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi, glancing at the Nine-tailed White Fox who was leaning onto the old dragon’s shoulder. He grinned at him, saying, “Old Dragon, it looks like I have to congratulate you in advance.”

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi and the Nine-tailed White Fox had been flirting with each other since they met, even a blind person could see that these two had hooked up.

Huang Xiaolong was truly happy for him.

They were mentor and student, as well as friends; Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi had helped him greatly in the past.

Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi grinned with a silly face, “Wait until we ascend as well, you can drink at our wedding banquet.”

Huang Xiaolong let out a loud laugh, “That’s a promise!”

The two men went in for a brief hug. Dragon Emperor Ao Taiyi’s blood feud was settled long ago with Huang Xiaolong’s help.

Huang Xiaolong then went on to say goodbye to Huang Xiaoyong and the others.

When he stood in front of the Ascending Moon Old Man, the old man’s catchphrase naturally appeared several times.

As for Liu Yun and Qi Wen, they had finally married some time ago, and Qi Wen’s stomach was highly protruded right now. Soon, the couple would be adding a new member to their family.

Huang Xiaolong congratulated them.

Lastly, he stood in front of Shi Xiaofei. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Their gaze fell on each other for a very long time. Everything they wanted to say was contained in that silent gaze, understood without words.

Suddenly, Shi Xiaofei stepped forward, hugging Huang Xiaolong tightly, tears brimming in her beautiful eyes.

Huang Xiaolong tightened his arms around her, remaining like this for a long time.

“Take good care of yourself when I’m not here.” Pressing his lips next to her ears, Huang Xiaolong whispered.

Shi Xiaofei nodded, tears staining her face, “You too.”

Reluctant as they were, Huang Xiaolong and Shi Xiaofei finally separated. Before the gazes of everyone present, he turned around and sped away, growing smaller and smaller in the eyes of everyone below until finally disappearing.

After tearing the Divine Dan World’s barrier, he arrived at the vast outer space. Sensing the Divine World’s presence, he continued flying upward.

Huang Xiaolong continued flying upward just like this, reaching a terrifying height that no God Realm cultivator could reach, when all of a sudden, his body quivered. The galaxy below him had disappeared from view long ago. Huang Xiaolong arrived at a foggy, gray space.

This space was filled with chaotic air currents that tore through the fabric of space. Even a Tenth Order God Realm cultivator’s body would be torn to shreds the moment they stepped into this place.

Then again, when these chaotic air currents hit Huang Xiaolong’s body, it was like soft breeze brushing against his skin. Huang Xiaolong did not use any godforce to create a protective barrier around himself as he continued to fly upwards.

As he did so, his godforce was depleting at an alarming rate. As abundant as his godforce was, he still had to stop for rest every two hours.

Moreover, Huang Xiaolong noticed that the force of gravity actually increased as he flew further, greatly decreasing his speed.

His ascension continued in this manner, flying until his godforce was depleted, then stopping to rest. This went on until the fifteenth day, when Huang Xiaolong’s body quivered violently again. The gray space disappeared, he subsequently arrived at a space with raging forces of nature; earth, wind, fire, and water roared around him.

Everywhere he looked were large violent hurricanes, angry waves, and tyrannical fires burning, any one of these phenomena could gravely injure a low-level Highgod Realm cultivator. A small careless mistake could result in their life being lost.

Still, Huang Xiaolong was confident in himself and didn’t mind these elemental forces much.

He continued flying upward for over a month, passing through several different spaces before his body was sucked away by a terrifying force. He felt as if heaven and earth flipped over.

As powerful as Huang Xiaolong might be, he was unable to resist this oppressive force. However, he understood that this overwhelming suction force originated from the Divine World, therefore he did not struggle, allowing himself to be ‘guided’.

As his body tumbled in space, everything turned black all of a sudden as he entered a boundless dark space, pulled by the overwhelming force. Seemingly a long, long time had passed until a harsh light shone on him, causing him to plummet downward from high air like a pebble.

The ground shook from the impact, raising a curtain of dust.

The drop gave Huang Xiaolong a long forgotten feeling of pain in his bones, a feeling similar to the time he battled the Ghost Refining Sect Master without stop for ten days and ten nights.

Huang Xiaolong laid limply on the ground, trying to circulate his godforce, but to his surprise, although he was able to circulate his godforce, the speed was too slow. Moreover, his own body’s godforce couldn’t be used at all!

‘What is this?!’ Huang Xiaolong panicked. His True Divine Dragon Physique that was invincible in the lower realm had become extremely fragile here.

Whether it was his godforce or his physical body, it felt like this space was rejecting and suppressing both aspects of him.

He then tried to extend his divine sense, only to discover that it couldn’t leave further than his own body, suppressed by this new world’s laws.

During the Highgod Advancement Tournament, although his divine sense and strength were suppressed, it was far from what he was experiencing now.

This baffled Huang Xiaolong.

Even though both his godforce and divine sense were greatly suppressed, it was fortunate that his True Divine Dragon Physique’s recovery ability still existed. He could feel his body slowly healing.

A bitter smile flashed passed his face, even his True Dragon Divine Physique’s healing speed was significantly compromised after ascending to the Divine World. In the past, injuries heavier than this could recover in a few breaths’ time, but now, with this healing speed, it would take at least five to six hours.

If someone attacked Huang Xiaolong at this time, or if a stray demonic beast appeared, he wouldn’t have the slightest strength to resist.

Regardless of his limitations right now, Huang Xiaolong was able to sense the rich spiritual energy around him, many times more shocking than the lower realm.

‘Is this the Divine World’s spiritual energy?’

Roughly an hour’s time later, Huang Xiaolong could finally move his arms and legs. He was still injured, but with some effort, he managed to shift himself into a sitting position on the ground.