Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 103 - Kobold King (2)

Discovering that the Hell Mode of a Dungeon dropped so much valuable equipment, even Gentle Snow was stunned.

If they could clear the Hell Mode of the Dark Moon Graveyard, it was unknown just how much top-tier equipment they could obtain. With top-tier equipment, they would have a much easier time conquering the other Team Dungeons.

Thinking up to this point, Gentle Snow became much more interested towards conquering the Hell Mode of the Dark Moon Graveyard. It was just that she did not know whether Shi Feng was capable of accomplishing this magnificent feat.

After Shi Feng distributed the equipment, many of the team members immediately swapped out their old equipment for the new. It was especially true for the extremely lucky Blackie. Blackie was the only Cursemancer on the entire team. Among the nine pieces of Mysterious-Iron Equipment, there were two pieces of the Death Word Set Equipment meant for Cursemancers.

The Death Word Set Equipment was at the apex of all Level 5 Set Equipment for Cursemancers. Just the effect of having two set pieces increased Blackie’s Dark Arrow by 1 Level. In addition, Blackie’s Dark Arrow was already Level 4. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

At Level 5, the Dark Arrow’s damage increased by a large leap.

Meanwhile, Cola managed to win a Mysterious-Iron Shield by Rolling. After equipping the shield, his Defense surpassed the Shield Warrior from Ouroboros, Ghost Chop, by quite a lot.

Although many items dropped, Shi Feng incessantly shook his head at these items. None of these items attracted his attention.

“Why don’t you want this piece of Bronze Equipment for Swordsmen?” Gentle Snow asked, astonished.

With just a glance at Shi Feng’s equipment, anybody could tell it was just individual Bronze Equipment assembled together. According to logic, their Attributes should be much weaker than the equipment dropped from the Hell Mode of the Dark Moon Graveyard. However, Shi Feng remained indifferent towards the equipment dropped.

“The Attributes of this equipment isn’t as good as what I’m currently using. Just give it to your Guild’s Swordsman.” Shi Feng carelessly gave the equipment to Gentle Snow. Naturally, he would not mention that he already possessed a set of Silvermoon Set Equipment, which was the best Set Equipment for Swordsmen under Level 10.

After hearing Shi Feng, the other Swordsman in the team repeatedly expressed his gratitude towards him.

Even if Shi Feng were to take away the equipment for Swordsman, nobody on the team would complain. On the contrary, they would feel it was only natural that he would do so. No matter what anybody said, it was all due to Shi Feng’s efforts that they were able to obtain so much equipment. However, Shi Feng displayed himself to be extremely impartial, causing the members of Ouroboros further admiration; their gazes when they looked at Shi Feng held even more reverence now.

Shi Feng stayed unmoved while faced with top-tier equipment. In the virtual gaming world, not many people would be capable of remaining as impartial when leading a temporary team.

Noticing everyone had mostly recovered, Shi Feng said inside the team chat, “Everyone, prepare yourselves. We will be going to the next strategic point. Those without Speed Scrolls, come get them from me.”

The members of Ouroboros were troubled when they heard this. Each of them had only carried two Speed Scrolls and both had already been used.

However, they felt extremely awkward asking for Speed Scrolls from Shi Feng. After all, they previously made a mockery of Shi Feng. It would practically be a slap to their own faces if they asked Shi Feng for the expensive Speed Scrolls now. However, if they remained stubborn, they would only embarrass themselves when they died later on.

“Can I buy some Speed Scrolls from you? I didn’t have them prepare enough Speed Scrolls previously. We would feel extremely ashamed if you were to just give them to us for free.” Gentle Snow naturally knew of her teammates’ embarrassment. Without having a better option, she chose to take the initiative.

“Alright.” Since Gentle Snow already asked, Shi Feng would not refuse. After all, his money didn’t grow on trees, either.

Fortunately, Shi Feng was prepared for such a situation, purchasing plenty of Speed Scrolls. He provided each team member of Ouroboros with three Speed Scrolls.

However, when the members of Ouroboros were trading the Speed Scrolls with Shi Feng, they all had their heads lowered in embarrassment. They felt deeply ashamed in their hearts. Some of them also thanked Shi Feng directly, leaving Shi Feng at a loss.

“Dirty bastard, this lady is a magnanimous person. Seeing that you’ve performed well, I’ve decided to forgive you. Give me the scroll then!” Zhao Yueru walked towards Shi Feng, her head raised and her arms hugging her bosom. The crimson red robe she wore revealed a deep cleavage, and a bashful tinge of red appeared on her delicate face as she spoke.

Shi Feng naturally understood that it was a difficult feat for the incomparably prideful Flame Witch from his previous life to carry out such an action. If other players were to see her behaving as such right now, most likely, their jaws would have fallen to the ground from shock by now. Not only was Zhao Yueru currently displaying frailty, but she also apologized to Shi Feng!

Even Xiao Yue’er was pinching her own tender, pink cheeks, thinking she was hallucinating.

Shi Feng only revealed a smile at Zhao Yueru’s display as he traded the Speed Scrolls to her. However, inwardly, he was baffled. Was the Sun rising from the West?

He did not think that Zhao Yueru had such a side to her. If other men were to see this, their bones might turn to mush!

Shi Feng did not think that his unintentional action would actually allow him to witness such a scene. A pity he did not record the moment.

On the other side, just as Shi Feng and the others busied themselves in the Dark Moon Graveyard, the other Guilds were still exploring the maze. They died over and over. Such a situation caused many Guilds to give up their conquest of the Dark Moon Graveyard. If they continued this act of suicide, they might not properly recover their horrifying experience loss.

However, there were still some of the stronger Guilds who continued their exploration, conquering the Dark Moon Graveyard bit by bit.

Three hours after the Dark Moon Graveyard opened, there was still not a single Guild that managed to clear the Dungeon. After frantically trying to conquer the Dungeon, the Assassin’s Alliance, Heaven’s Crown, and other rated Guilds started to cool their actions. They started to calmly analyze all the information they obtained from the Dungeon.

Meanwhile, the team Shi Feng led had already killed their way towards an underground mausoleum, preparing to enter it.

In order to arrive at this mausoleum, Shi Feng had led the team through two more similar massacres, obtaining more than forty pieces of equipment and various materials. Everyone in the team greatly improved as a result. The two MTs in the team also surpassed the 400 Defense threshold. Now, even when faced against the Kobold Zombie’s claw attacks, they could resist two hits head on.

This underground mausoleum was situated in the central region of the wasteland. It was also the Dark Moon Graveyard’s sole exit. In order to avoid suspicion, Shi Feng intentionally took several detours.

Just as Shi Feng and the others were about to enter...

Gentle Snow looked towards the serene and distant mausoleum, suddenly saying, “There are no monsters in the surroundings. This place may very well be the exit of the Dark Moon Graveyard. We should let the Assassins scout ahead first. That way, if there are traps ahead, we won’t risk a team-wipe.”

“Alright.” Although Shi Feng knew there were no traps, he couldn’t actually reveal that. So, he could only agree to Gentle Snow’s suggestion.

Following which, one of the Assassin’s snuck into the mausoleum.

After more than ten minutes passed, the Assassin reported that there were no dangers ahead. The Assassin also discovered a Teleportation Circle inside a large hall. However, there was a gigantic monster standing guard in the middle of the Teleportation Circle. The Assassin did not close in on the monster for fear of being discovered. Moreover, the room was dimly lit, so the Assassin could not clearly see the information of the monster within.

“Let’s go take a look then,” Shi Feng said as he entered the mausoleum.

Although the Assassin did not know what kind of monster was inside, Shi Feng certainly knew.

The monster guarding the Teleportation Circle was the final Boss of the Dark Moon Graveyard. It used to be the king of Kobolds, the Kobold King Patch Leo.

The moment everyone entered the large hall, the dimly lit hall suddenly changed. The extinguished candles around the room flared to life, emitting a dark green flame and illuminating the entire hall.

Meanwhile, a figure over three meters tall stood in the center of the hall. The figure was a ferocious Kobold, its body covered in blue-colored armor and its hands wielding a pitch-black greatsword decorated with runes. The Kobold silently stood on the magic circle, not even moving a muscle as its entire body radiated a frightening pressure.

Everyone used Observation Skills, one after another, wanting to understand this monster.

However, after seeing its information, everyone’s complexion turned pale. They felt a deep terror as they gazed at this creature, and even Gentle Snow sucked in a cold breath. None of them had any confidence in killing this monster.