Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 105 - Ash Blade (1)

Although the members of Ouroboros admired Shi Feng, they still felt that it was impossible for them to raid this Boss. What would happen if they were wiped out?

However, Gentle Snow had already nodded her head in agreement. That meant she was also willing to take on this risk. Even if everyone were to lose 10% of their experience and some Skill Proficiency, losing to the other Guilds in terms of levels by a little, she would shoulder all the responsibility.

Although 10% of experience seemed like a small amount when a player had reached Level 6, raising their experience by 10% would require at least two to three hours worth of effort. If the team was wiped out as a result of Gentle Snow’s decision, the losses the team suffered would not be small. It was obvious just how much trust she placed in Shi Feng.

The members of Ouroboros looked at each other, feeling that they were all too timid.

After playing virtual reality games for so long, they had all turned towards stability. They thought that, in order to raise their standings in the Guild, the less deaths they had, the better. Yet, unknowingly, they had forgotten one of the most important points when playing a virtual reality game...

The thrill of adventure! That was the reason why most people played virtual reality games.

They had already gained a bountiful harvest from the Dungeon. Just like what Shi Feng had said, it wouldn’t really matter, even if they died.

“Leader, we’ll do as you say then. Whatever you want me to do, I guarantee that I’ll do it,” the Shield Warrior, Ghost Chop, looked towards Shi Feng, clapping his chest as he said so.

“Leader, say it.”

“Right, say it.”

The members of Ouroboros all looked towards Shi Feng. They had thought it through already. If they were going to make a loss, so be it. However, on the off chance that they did succeed, endless glory would await them.

“Since everyone has agreed, I’ll tell you my strategy. After we start the raid, only me, Miss Snow, and the two MTs will battle with the Kobold King. The other melee Jobs are to all stay at a distance. Berserkers, listen to my command to use Charge. Assassins, after giving the Boss a Bleeding effect, immediately distance yourselves and use Bows to attack. The other ranged Jobs should just dish out as much damage as you can. However, pay attention to maintain a distance of 25 yards or above from the Boss. The two Clerics and Druids should focus on healing the MTs, while the Oracles will heal Miss Snow and I,” Shi Feng started explaining his strategy, giving Gentle Snow and the others detailed explanation on the method of rotation battle.

The rotation battle method was a technique that allowed the weak to win against the strong. It was a technique specifically meant for dealing with Bosses.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, this method of battle was gradually discovered by some experts a month after God’s Domain’s opening. These experts then carried out the technique in an actual battle against the Boss of a Dungeon. Unexpectedly, the technique yielded remarkable results. Bosses, which they were previously helpless against, were easily gotten rid of with this technique. Following which, this technique slowly spread out, and within two months’ time, almost every Guild’s elite team members had learned the technique.

Right now, if they wished to raid this Lord Rank Kobold King, then they would need to utilize this method of battle. Otherwise, for as many battles as they carried out, they would die an equal amount of deaths. There would be no exceptions.

After Shi Feng’s explanation ended, everyone entered into the large hall of the mausoleum. The Kobold King, equipped with blue-colored armor, still stood silently in the middle of the hall.

"Cola, start the raid. Pay attention to your positioning and set aside the Kobold King for the ranged players. After which, you and I will cooperate to hold off the Boss. When we are both unable to hold it off any longer, Ghost Chop will be responsible for relaying the Boss over and cooperate with Miss Snow to hold it off. After we have stabilized the Boss’ aggro, all ranged players can start dealing damage..." Shi Feng unsheathed his pair of swords, giving out instructions one after the other in a methodical manner.

“Leave it to me!” Cola appeared slightly panicked. However, after having gone through Shi Feng’s guidance for a period of time, he gradually began displaying the potential of an apex expert.

After everyone was in position, Cola immediately rushed at the Kobold King with his bear-like robust body. However, before he had even covered half the distance, and having yet to alert the Kobold King, he used Divine Shield Strike. Cola’s shield flew out, transforming into a shooting star as it shot towards the Kobold King.

Just as the flying shield was about to hit the Kobold King, the Kobold King abruptly opened its eyes, revealing two blood red orbs. Its mouth opened wide, exposing a sinister, cold smile. With a single draw of its greatsword, the Kobold King sent the shield flying away. The shield did not cause even a single point of damage.

Before anybody could be shocked by the Kobold King’s skill, the Kobold King had taken a large stride forward. It reached Cola in the blink of an eye, its greatsword striking downwards.

With the arm that was holding onto the shield, Cola blocked against the attack from the greatsword, receiving more than 400 damage. Meanwhile, Cola’s other hand abruptly tightened its grip around the dagger, and with a yell, he slashed out the dagger, striking at the side of the pitch-black greatsword.

Peng! The sword brandished by the Kobold King, due to the offset produced from Cola’s dagger, had slid off along his shield and pierced into the ground, causing a halt to the Kobold King’s battle rhythm. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

“Beautifully done!” Shi Feng appeared behind Cola at this moment. Shi Feng brandished the Crimson Blade, striking at the Kobold King’s greatsword once more, causing the greatsword to sink deeper into the ground. At the same time, Shi Feng cast Chop, using the Abyssal Blade, the sword transformed into a black ray as it pierced at the Kobold King’s neck.

This time, they finally caused damage to the Kobold King, with a damage of 193 points appearing above its head.

Before Shi Feng could retrieve his swords, the Kobold King had released its grip on its greatsword, sending a punch towards Shi Feng.

“Switch!” Shi Feng yelled.

Ghost Chop had long since been waiting at the side. Immediately he sent a slash at the Kobold King’s arm. As a result of the impact, he was sent retreating two steps backward by the Kobold King’s fist with a damage of over 200 points appearing above his head. However, the Kobold King was also forced back, its body nearly losing its balance.

Gentle Snow rushed up at this time, her Flame Spirit Greatsword transforming into a sword of fire as she used Flame Slash on a gap in the Kobold King’s armor, dealing 132 damage to it.

Soon after, the Kobold King finally managed to stabilize its body. It brandished its greatsword in a fit of rage, casting a Horizontal Slash.

However, Cola was a step ahead of it as he forcefully received this Horizontal Slash. As a result, no one else received a single point of damage from the Kobold King’s attack. Cola himself, however, received 560 damage. Fortunately, there were three healers healing him at the same time, bringing his HP from a critical state back up to more than half.

Subsequently, Shi Feng and Gentle Snow continuously overlapped their attacks with each other, while Cola and Ghost Chop kept on receiving the damage, and the healers healed them without stopping. In such a way, the team slowly reduced the Kobold King’s HP.

After coordinating their attacks for several rounds, Gentle Snow was extremely astonished. She did not think there was such a way to fight against a Boss. She really did not know just how Shi Feng had managed to think up such a technique.

However, what shocked everyone even more was the damage caused by Shi Feng. The damage he caused left everyone practically dumbstruck.

A single Thundering Flash was able to cause almost 700 total damage; Earth Splitter caused over 400 damage, while his normal attacks each caused over 100 damage. Compared to that, Gentle Snow, who was equipped with a suit of Mysterious-Iron Set Equipment and a Secret-Silver Greatsword, had only managed to deal around 240 damage, even after using her most powerful skill. Seeing such a scene, everyone began to wonder, between Shi Feng and Gentle Snow, just who was actually the Berserker here?

However, no one knew that Shi Feng wielded a Magic Weapon in his hands. In addition to the Silvermoon Set Equipment and his damaging skills, which were at Level 4 to Level 5, the damage he could cause would naturally be exaggerated.

“Ranged players can start attacking now,” Shi Feng shouted in the team’s chat after feeling that the Boss’ Hatred had been completely stabilized.

At this time, the others were woken up with a start. The mages started reading out incantations, sending out Fireballs and Dark Arrows. Meanwhile, the Rangers continuously fired off arrows from their bows, causing a series of damage to the Kobold King. Amongst all these attacks, Zhao Yueru was the person who dealt the highest damage in a single attack, which was over 100 damage. Following her, Blackie could also deal over 80 damage with each of his Dark Arrows, while the others only dealt 40 to 50 damage.

Under Shi Feng’s instructions and the constant combination attacks, the Kobold King became helpless. The Kobold King was forced to retreat, step after step, until its HP continuously decreased without pausing. From start to finish, it was constantly forced into a passive state, unable to display its true potential.

After being continuously attacked for over ten minutes, the Kobold King’s HP had been reduced down to 30%. Reaching the boundary of entering a Berserk state, the Kobold King’s body started increasing its size, and its muscles inflated.

“After it goes Berserk, we won’t be able to hold on for long. Ranged players stop all your attacks, and MTs prepare to activate your lifesaving skills to escape. Remember to pull the Boss’ aggro before running. Everyone else should distance yourselves from the Boss. The other Warriors, wait for my command to use Charge. Mages who have restriction skills should all get ready,” seeing that the Kobold King was starting to go Berserk, Shi Feng loudly reminded. Immediately, he too distanced himself from the Kobold King.

A Lord Rank Boss Berserk was no small matter. If it was not properly dealt with, then the result would be a team-wipe.

Now, their chances of successfully killing the Kobold King depended on whether the two MTs were able to survive.