Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1053: Master’s Insignia

Translator: Hellscythe_ Editor: Vampirecat

Chapter 1053 – Master’s Insignia

Upon hearing Shi Feng’s question, Cook immediately took out a list.

“Boss, this is all of the Battle Arena’s income and expenditures, as well as the expected future income. With our current income, I recommend constructing an underground floor. This way, we will be able to handle more customers,” Cook suggested.

Shi Feng nodded after giving the proposal some thought. “Alright, go ahead with it.”

Buildings in towns could be constructed both upwards and downwards.

Only, the cost of extending a building downwards was much higher than the opposite. Just constructing a single underground floor required 2,000 Gold, which was 1,000 Gold more expensive than a normal floor. Hence, Shi Feng had never considered extending the Battle Arena downwards.

However, the popularity of the Battle Arena exceeded his expectations. If they constructed a basement floor, they could also make it more spacious than the first-floor hall. With the Battle Arena’s current popularity, it would take only a short time before they earned back their cost.

Following which, Shi Feng passed 2,000 Gold to Cook and had him arrange for the construction of an underground floor. Meanwhile, Shi Feng himself took a look at the list of accounts Cook had given him.

“What?! It’s been less than a day, yet we’ve already received so many Magic Crystals?!” Shi Feng gaped in shock as he looked at the list.

Currently, the Battle Arena already had 416 registered members. Shi Feng found this situation truly inconceivable.

With the prerequisite registration fee of 100 Magic Crystals, he had obtained a total of 41,600 Magic Crystals from the 416 members. He had earned many more Magic Crystals from the registration fees than he had from Raven.

There was also the profit of 539 Magic Crystals from combat room rentals. If they constructed an underground floor now, there would be additional combat rooms available for players to rent. The Battle Arena’s income at that time would become even more frightening.

With this, Shi Feng now had an extra 42,139 Magic Crystals on him. If he invested this amount into the teleportation house... Just thinking about it exhilarated him greatly. However, he had no intention of investing that many Magic Crystals into the teleportation house. After all, he simply had too many things that he needed to spend Magic Crystals on right now.

Following which, Shi Feng took these Magic Crystals and directly teleported back to White River City.

...

White River City, Teleportation Hall:

The moment Shi Feng returned to the city, he could see many teams of Guild players, who were all very high-leveled. The players leading these teams were even Level 40 experts. Among these Guilds were first- and second-rate Guilds based in other kingdoms and empires.

Why would so many large Guilds from other kingdoms suddenly run all the way to White River City? Shi Feng was stunned as he looked at all the Guild players crowding the Teleportation Hall. Could they be here to take advantage of Zero Wing’s predicament?

However, Shi Feng promptly rejected this thought of his.

Currently, the Blackwater Guild was only planning to deal with Zero Wing. It had not actually started taking action yet. As for the matter of the monsters at Black Ridge Town being under Blackwater’s control, this was something he had learned from the Secret Pavilion only because the latter was trying to negotiate with him for cooperation. Hence, it was practically impossible for the large Guilds of other countries to have found out about this matter. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

As for Blackwater’s alliance with Pantheon, Pantheon obviously intended to keep this matter a secret. Otherwise, it would’ve long since caused a huge commotion in Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Leader, I just received news stating that Zero Wing is willing to sell the Lands around the teleportation house.”

“Excellent! We’ll hurry over there immediately! As long as we obtain a plot of Land there, Freedom Wind will be able to dispatch many more members over. Our Guild will then gain more opportunities at the ancient ruins over at the Twin Towers Kingdom!” a tall Level 40 Ranger with an erect bearing said, his eyes glowing with excitement at hearing this news. The Ranger wore dark-gray armor and carried a blue longbow on his back.

Without hesitation, the Ranger led his 100-man team out of the Teleportation Hall.

Why is Freedom Wind here as well? Shi Feng was astonished when he overheard the conversation of these players.

The Guild known as Freedom Wind might be foreign to the players of Star-Moon Kingdom, but for those residing in the Sacred Hymn Kingdom, near the central region of the continent of God’s Domain, it was definitely a household name.

The reason for the Guild’s fame was the thrashing it gave the only first-rate Guild to settle down in the Sacred Hymn Kingdom—despite being only a second-rate Guild. This feat instantly crowned it the overlord of the entire kingdom. This could be considered a legend in God’s Domain. Many large Guilds had even suspected that Freedom Wind possessed a powerful corporation behind it.

In fact, as far as Shi Feng knew, Freedom Wind’s backers included not only a major corporation but also a well-known dojo in the real world. The Guild could nurture experts rapidly, batch after batch. Even a relatively strong first-rate Guild would readily fall to Freedom Wind.

However, the Sacred Hymn Kingdom was very far from Star-Moon Kingdom. The distance between the two kingdoms was even greater than that between Star-Moon Kingdom and the Apocalypse Empire, which made the teleportation fee extraordinarily expensive. Despite that, Freedom Wind had still dispatched a team of 100 players over.

Ancient ruins over at the Twin Towers Kingdom? Shi Feng could not help but silently ponder on the words of Freedom Wind’s members. If we’re talking about ruins that can attract so many large Guilds over... It seems the Heaven Worshipping Maze has been activated, then.

The Twin Towers Kingdom was very close to Star-Moon Kingdom. Hence, he was quite knowledgeable about it.

There were not many ancient ruins in the Twin Towers Kingdom. In fact, Shi Feng could count them on the fingers of both hands. If he had to name the ruins that current players could explore, then it could only be the Heaven Worshipping Maze.

Since the Heaven Worshipping Maze was ancient ruins, the drops inside were naturally impressive.

Particularly, players could exchange for Mounts inside the maze. This was one of the methods for obtaining high-ranking Mounts.

However, entering the Heaven Worshipping Maze was not that easy. The maze had a very high requirement for players’ individual strength. At the very least, players needed to be capable of clearing the Trial Tower’s sixth floor in order to enter the maze. This requirement was impossible for many expert players. In other words, only large Guilds could dispatch some players to the maze. As for small Guilds, they could only stare at the maze from outside.

That’s right! There’s still the Heaven Worshipping Maze! An idea popped into Shi Feng’s head.

The Heaven Worshipping Maze was divided into three layers. The layer with the lowest difficulty was the outer area. Players could obtain tablet fragments, which they could then exchange for high-ranking Mounts, from the monsters killed there. After the outer layer was the black fog area and the temple area.

At the black fog area, players could exchange for siege weapons used during ancient times as well as for even better high-ranking Mounts.

Although these were no match for current siege weapons, they were still much better than low-end tools like the Defense Turret. The only problem was the large number of tablet fragments required to exchange for these siege weapons.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng continued on his way to the Candlelight Trading Firm.

Currently, the meeting room on the Candlelight Trading Firm’s seventh floor was filled with Lifestyle players, who had just returned from the Holy City of Titan.

At first glance, Shi Feng discovered that the number of Advanced Lifestyle Players had already increased to as many as forty. The rest might have been able to become Advanced Lifestyle players as well, if not for them having been asked to leave the Holy City ahead of time. As for Melancholic Smile, Cream Cocoa, and the others who had already been Advanced Lifestyle Players, they had experienced plenty of transformations as well.

Despite them having been separated for only two days or so, the auras surrounding their bodies had undergone earth-shattering changes.

“Hm?! A Master’s Insignia!?”