Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 110 - Drenching Dark Moon in Blood

Cola and Ghost Chop’s Defenses were just too high. In addition, the four healers behind them were similarly strong. The attacks from the mages of Martial Union had absolutely no effect on the two MTs. As for attacking the other members, with the two MTs blocking upfront, Martial Union had no way of attacking them at all.

“Don’t panic; just keep killing. We outnumber them by six to one. We’ll kill them, even if we have to throw bodies at them. Assassins, circle around and kill the healers.” Ironsword Lion was similarly having a headache towards the two MTs. However, his many years of battle experience allowed him to quickly think of a solution.

At that moment, the team announcement for Ouroboros rang out.

System: Team Martial Union has initiated an attack against your team. For the next two hours, all members within the team are be able to freely retaliate without receiving any punishment.

Without the need to worry about becoming a Red Player, everyone became much more motivated.

“You dare initiate a war against us Ouroboros? None of you know the immensity of heaven and earth! All of you, die!”

The Flame Witch, Zhao Yueru, could finally display her frightening might. After her hand traced out the final incantation in the air, one of her ultimate skill, Frostflame Explosions, activated. Magic struck Martial Union’s MT, causing a series of damages over -200 points and instantly reduced his HP to a critical level.

However, shortly after, the healers of Martial Union quickly pulled their MT’s HP back up.

“Fire Dragon’s Roar!” Zhao Yueru revealed a smile as she finished chanting her incantation. She lightly pointed a finger at that MT, causing the fire mana in her surroundings to gather at the tip of her finger.

In the blink of an eye, a gigantic fire dragon appeared and rushed at that MT, devouring him whole. Even with over half of his HP remaining, the MT of Martial Union instantly died.

“Ss......!” the melee players of Martial Union all sucked in a cold breath.

The MT that had just fallen was Martial Union’s core MT. He was equipped with a complete set of Level 4 Bronze Set Equipment, and he was also using a Level 5 Bronze Shield. The top mages within the Guild could only cause -80 to -90 damage to him. Now, even though there were healers healing him, he was still killed in two moves. Just how high was that female Elementalist’s damage?

During Martial Union’s momentary pause, Blackie had finished chanting the incantation of Hell Flame.

Immediately, pillars of green colored flame appeared amongst the areas with a high density of players. The pillars of flame that shot towards the sky caused over -300 damage each second to every player, and within an instant, over ten players lost their lives.

The players from Martial Union were all dumbfounded at this sight. A single spell killed over ten players. Just how were they supposed to contend against this?

“Don’t be afraid! Spread out a bit! They’ll be finished as long as we can get close to them!” Ironsword Lion shouted confidently.

The members of Martial Union felt what Ironsword Lion said was logical. They then continued charging towards the group from Ouroboros, starting a melee battle.

The players from Martial Union were many, and very quickly, they surrounded everyone from Ouroboros.

Gentle Snow raised her sword, immediately using Charge to send three players flying. With a wave of the Runic Sword, Gentle Snow used Cleave, dealing over -450 damage to the six Level 3 players that rushed at her. As a result, all six of those players directly fell.

The players from Martial Union did not know just how frightening a Berserker with 50 Strength was. With just 20 Strength, a Berserker could snap a Common Weapon in half with only their bare hands. If a Berserker had 50 Strength, one could just imagine how frightening they were...

After killing the first wave of players, Gentle Snow rushed headlong into the crowd. Like a flood dragon entering the ocean, Gentle Snow wreaked havoc amidst Martial Union. A fierce gale unfolded as Gentle Snow used Whirlwind Slash. The players within a 5-yard radius around her were all sent flying upwards, and damages of over -500 points appeared above their heads. The players crashed heavily into the ground, becoming deader than dead. The healers standing at the backlines could not even manage to heal them before they were slaughtered.

The players from Martial Union who surrounded Gentle Snow were scared to a tremble. The aura Gentle Snow emanated was just too frightening, snatching away their courage.

As for the other players from Martial Union, every one of them were still valiantly attacking, using their skills on the members of Ouroboros. However, each of their attacks only managed to cause -40 to -50 damage. On the other hand, a single hit from the players of Ouroboros took away over half of their HP; just two hits left them dead, and not even the healers could manage to save them in time.

The players from Martial Union quickly discovered a problem, that, although they had the advantage of numbers on their side, the majority of them were all new players to God’s Domain. In other words, they were noobs. Not only was the difference in their levels huge, the gap in their equipment was even more ridiculous. Only the elites of Martial Union could barely contend with the members of Ouroboros.

Meanwhile, on the side of Ouroboros, there was a beauty of a Cleric that always gave out a Heal and Truth Shield at the most crucial of moments, saving the members of Ouroboros from death. As a result, the members of Martial Union went mad with frustration. However, even though they wished to kill off this Cleric, the person, herself, was constantly being protected by two Assassins. As long as any player rushed at the group, a chain of attacks from the two Assassins would massacre them. In the end, the members of Martial Union were caught in a stalemate. They could neither advance nor retreat.

“All Assassins use Stealth and get rid of their healers! Without healers, their deaths are all but guaranteed!” Ironsword Lion bellowed in the team chat.

If half a dozen Assassins from Martial Union could sneak over with Stealth, they could easily kill off a Cleric if they joined hands with each other.

“Drifting Blood, where is that brat? I want to personally kill him myself,” Ironsword Lion asked in a rage. He glanced at the surroundings, but failed to discover Shi Feng’s figure at all.

Their losses from this battle today would definitely be huge, and all of it was due to Shi Feng. Ironsword Lion would naturally not let Shi Feng escape.

“Boss Ironsword, I don’t see the brat here either. He seems to have vanished,” Drifting Blood anxiously replied.

“Find him! He must be found!” Ironsword Lion’s rage burned. The person he wanted to kill the most had disappeared. If this news were to spread, he would definitely become a laughingstock.

At this moment, Shi Feng had already snuck to Martial Union’s backline through the use of Shadow of Nothingness.

“This location should be it.” Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Shi Feng looked at the surrounding terrain. He then canceled the Shadow of Nothingness, suddenly appearing some distance behind the healers of Martial Union. Meanwhile, the healers of Martial Union were currently busy healing the players on the frontlines, failing to discover Shi Feng’s appearance.

Wind Blade!

Shi Feng turned into a fierce gale, sweeping towards the healers of Martial Union.

While in the middle of chanting a prayer, a male Cleric suddenly found a pitch black sword piercing through his chest. Following which, he felt a burst of pain at his neck before the sight before him turned dull gray.

Under Shi Feng’s blade, a Level 5 cloth-armored Cleric was no different than a piece of paper. A normal strike from Shi Feng’s sword was able to cause over -330 damage. With two just two basic attacks, Shi Feng could kill off a single Cleric. If he were to use a skill, he could practically kill a Cleric with every attack.

“Ah! There’s an Assassin!” the female Cleric nearby screamed when she witnessed this scene. She did not think that the male Cleric would die so quickly or so cruelly.

“Ye Feng!”

Ironsword Lion immediately turned his head towards the backlines, discovering Shi Feng rapidly harvesting their healers, just like sheep entering a tiger’s mouth. Ironsword Lion’s eyes nearly cracked open in rage at this sight. He loudly bellowed as he rushed at Shi Feng.

Unfortunately, Shi Feng’s speed was extremely fast. The healers held no chance of escaping Shi Feng’s blades. In mere moments, Shi Feng claimed more than ten healers’ lives. Without healers, the frontline of Martial Union started to quickly crumble as Gentle Snow and the others butchered them.

“Die!” Ironsword Lion’s eyes turned crimson red. He used Wind Blade, his sword stabbing towards Shi Feng’s back.

Now that their healers were all dead, it was needless to say that they would lose this battle. Meanwhile, Shi Feng was the main perpetrator for all of this. If he did not kill Shi Feng, he vowed not to be a human.

After annihilating all the healers, Shi Feng currently picked up the equipment they dropped. When he discovered Ironsword Lion rushing over, he did not even turn his head as he tightened his grip on the Abyssal Blade. Then, with a twist of his body, Shi Feng slashed the Abyssal Blade down at Ironsword Lion’s pair of swords.

Peng! Ironsword Lion was forced to retreat several steps before he managed to stabilise his body, his face filled with shock as he looked at Shi Feng.

Shi Feng’s casual swing of his sword forced Ironsword Lion into retreating so many steps. Such a feat was absolutely impossible without a huge difference regarding Strength.

After reaching Level 7, Shi Feng placed all his Free Attribute Points into Strength. Shi Feng’s Strength was even higher than Gentle Snow’s, not to mention Ironsword Lion’s, who had only average equipment. However, Ironsword Lion did not know this.

After knocking Ironsword Lion back with a single slash, Shi Feng gave Ironsword Lion no time to think before following up with a Double Chop. Shi Feng’s pair of swords instantly transformed into four sword images, slashing towards Ironsword Lion.

With this many sword images sweeping towards him, although Ironsword Lion tried to block all of them with all his might, he only managed to block two of them. There were still two sword images that pierced his body, each causing -180 damage. Ironsword Lion hurriedly retreated, taking out a Basic Recovery Potion and drinking it.

Seeing that he was no match for Shi Feng, Ironsword Lion tried to turn tail and run. However, within a split second, three lightning flashes entered his eyes. Before his body could even defend against the streaks of lightning, damages of -266, -352, and -463 appeared above his head.

Ironsword Lion instantly died under Shi Feng’s swords. At his death, Ironsword Lion dropped a piece of equipment and one other item.