Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 111 - Dragon Hidden in the Abyss

“Boss Ironsword!”

“Boss......”

When a few players from Martial Union saw that Ironsword Lion was easily taken care of, they were all incomparably shocked. They had all personally witnessed Ironsword Lion’s great strength before, capable of killing players as though he was merely cutting up vegetables. Now, however, that Ironsword Lion had actually been killed by Shi Feng in just a few moves it was truly an incomprehensible sight.

The upper echelons of the various Guilds looking from afar were similarly tongue-tied from this scene. Only Stabbing Heart was well aware of Shi Feng’s strength. The moment Ironsword Lion had provoked Shi Feng, Stabbing Heart knew that the Martial Union in Red Leaf Town was finished.

However, the others present did not know this fact.

Regardless of what anyone said, Ironsword Lion had created much fame for himself within Red Leaf Town. Previously, they had only heard of Ironsword Lion being ambushed by Shi Feng, dying an accidental death. If it were a head-on fight, however, Ironsword Lion would definitely be the victor. Yet, nobody could have imagined that, in a straightforward exchange, Ironsword Lion was easily defeated in just a few moves.

As expected, rumors could not be trusted. Looking at the speed and accuracy at which Shi Feng drew his swords, creating four sword images with just two swords, even those in the various Guild upper echelons would not be able to block off all those attacks. In addition to Shi Feng’s excessively high Attack Power, Ironsword Lion was definitely not his opponent.

Shi Feng was no ordinary Swordsman. It was no wonder why the Snow Goddess would stick out and defend him. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“I had originally thought that Ironsword Lion would be a huge competition to us. Now that I’m looking at him, he is but an upstart from another small virtual reality game. I never thought that he would be such a brain-dead fool, biting at whoever he meets.”

“Hehe, Martial Union is finished this time. First, he went and provoked such a top-tier expert. Now, he has even blindly declared war against the Snow Goddess. Did he think mingling in God’s Domain was so easy?”

“It would be enough if he were to be a fool in reality. Now, he is even showing it in God’s Domain. As expected of someone that came from a minor game. He truly does not know the immensity of heaven and earth. Martial Union will definitely have to remove their name from Red Leaf Town now.”

There were plenty of Workshops and Guilds entering God’s Domain every day. Similarly, there were also plenty of Workshops and Guilds who had vanished from God’s Domain every day; this was a common occurrence within God’s Domain.

After Ironsword Lion died, there was no longer anyone to command the players from Martial Union. Very quickly, turmoil ensued amongst the players from Martial Union, and all of them started madly running away for their lives.

Shi Feng naturally would not let go of this chance to give Martial Union a huge blow. Immediately after picking up the loot dropped by Ironsword Lion, Shi Feng activated Windwalk and hunted the remaining players.

Ignoring the Level 3 noobs, Shi Feng specifically chased after the elite players of Martial Union. With every kill of these players, Shi Feng would be able to obtain a piece of Bronze Equipment, causing a significant loss to Martial Union.

“Drifting Blood, we meet again.” Shi Feng blocked off the escape path of several Martial Union elites, discovering a person he was familiar with amongst them. It was Drifting Blood, the person who had harassed Violet Cloud, and had then gone on to seek trouble with Shi Feng.

Drifting Blood was shocked into a jump. He trembled as he pointed a finger at Shi Feng, timidly saying, “Ye Feng, you shameless bastard! What kind of expert are you, to bully four people with one?!”

Without speaking any further, Shi Feng stepped forward, slashing both of his blades. Eight sword images appeared, immediately aiming for the lives of the four players.

A Shield Warrior amongst the four immediately activated Shield Wall, prepared to receive Shi Feng’s attack. Meanwhile, Drifting Blood had used Chop at Shi Feng, while another Berserker used Charge, and a Cursemancer used Dark Arrow.

Shi Feng noticed that the cooperation between the four was very good. It would not be beneficial for him if he were to receive their attacks forcefully. Deciding so, Shi Feng used Phantom kill, his doppelganger blocking the attacks in front of him. Shi Feng then hurriedly turned his body, his feet carrying out an illusory footwork as they left behind afterimages.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s doppelganger had continuously fended off the attacks of the four players, receiving some damage in the process as well.

However, after Shi Feng himself moved to a side, he abruptly waved the Abyssal Blade. The three streaks of lightning from Thundering Flash had struck at the three melee players that were battling against his doppelganger, instantly killing Drifting Blood and the other Berserker. As the Shield Warrior had Shield Wall activated, he was able to barely survive the attack. However, Shi Feng’s doppelganger had taken the chance to use a Chop on the Shield Warrior. Now, only the Cursemancer, who was in the midst of chanting, remained.

Shi Feng used Wind Blade, dashing up to the Cursemancer like a fierce gale. Seeing this scene, the Cursemancer was frightened into a run. However, Shi Feng had used Chop, his sword slashing down on the Cursemancer’s back, causing a critical hit of -1156 damage and instantly killing the Cursemancer.

With the difference, in terms of equipment and battle techniques, Shi Feng was able to bring an end to the battle quickly. After looting the equipment dropped by the four players, Shi Feng continued hunting for the other elite players from Martial Union.

Ten minutes later, all the elite players from Martial Union were dead. The damage caused to Martial Union this time was absolutely devastating. It was practically impossible for them to contend with the other Guilds for dominance over Red Leaf Town now.

“Miss Snow, thank you for help today. Otherwise, our losses would be immeasurable,” Shi Feng expressed his gratitude towards Gentle Snow.

Even if he could kill off many players in a battle against Martial Union, and even escaping in the end, his other party members would definitely have died.

“It’s nothing. Just a minor effort. Although Martial Union’s losses are devastating in Red Leaf Town, there are still members of Martial Union in other Towns. When everyone is gathered at White River City at Level 10, that version of Martial Union will not be as easy to deal with as this small group,” Gentle Snow softly said, “I see that you’re just an independent player without any Guilds to rely on. If you do not have any large Guilds protecting you, you would easily become a target for Martial Union. Why don’t you join Ouroboros?”

“Right, Big Brother Ye Feng! With Ouroboros’ strength, by the time we reach White River City, even the people from first-rate Guilds would not dare to provoke us. Moreover, our Guild gives out extremely good benefits,” Xiao Yue’er commented.

“Many thanks for Miss Snow’s worries. However, I’m too used to freedom, so I never had any intentions to join a Guild before,” Shi Feng straightforwardly rejected the invitation.

Although Ouroboros was a good Guild, they similarly had a lot of problems. Take Gentle Snow for example. She was clearly the First Vice-Leader of the Guild, yet, she had still left Ouroboros in the end, just like how Shi Feng himself was casually chased away from Shadow. At the end of the day, it was still best to hold his decision rights in his own hands.

“Since that is your way of thinking, I won’t try to insist that you join us. However, if you ever change your mind in the future, Ouroboros would welcome you anytime,” Gentle Snow could naturally see through Shi Feng’s thoughts. However, everyone had their own ambitions, and it would not do well for her to force the situation. Right now, it was enough for them to maintain an amicable relationship.

Following which, Shi Feng led Blackie and the others away from the Dark Moon Graveyard, returning to Town to sort out everyone’s bags. He then planned to take them to level up. Previously, he had always been tight for time. Now that he had finished dealing with his matters, the time was just right for everyone to rise up to Level 10 quickly.

Meanwhile, Zhao Yueru looked at Shi Feng’s departing back, faintly feeling a sense of familiarity. She did not know why she was feeling an indescribable sense of loss in her heart.

“Snow, why didn’t you try harder? If you told him about the matters of the God Slaying Army, he might have even agreed to join,” Zhao Yueru asked.

Gentle Snow smiled, saying, “Didn’t you hate the thought of him joining us before? But now you want him to join us instead?

A blush appeared on Zhao Yueru’s delicate face as she said in an upright tone, “Aren’t I doing this for you? Regardless of what anyone said, he is also a top-tier expert. If you were to lure him into Ouroboros, he would become a person on our side. In the future, if he gets along well in the God Slaying Army, he would be able to bring you a lot of influence and authority.”

“If he didn’t perform so outstandingly well just now, I would definitely try my best at pulling him over. However, he was just too remarkable, just like a true dragon. Right now, he is but a dragon hidden in the abyss. Sooner or later, he will be able to soar into the skies, and we will be able to do nothing to hold him back. Who knows, in the future, he might even become a headache of an opponent to Ouroboros,” Gentle Snow lightly laughed.

“An opponent, is it?” Zhao Yueru entered a deep thought.