Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 112 - Seven Luminaries Gemstone

After Martial Union was exterminated, the news of its demise was quickly spread around Red Leaf Town.

Some people had even recorded the battle and posted it onto the official forums, the incident quickly becoming popular.

Ouroboros had first conquered the Hell Mode of Dark Moon Graveyard. They had then gotten rid of Martial Union’s over one hundred members. The valiant appearance of the Snow Goddess had captured the hearts of all the male players, and instantly, Ouroboros’ position and influence around the region of White River City had skyrocketed. As a result, countless players wished to join Ouroboros.

Due to the recording of this battle, there were plenty of upper echelons of Guilds that had noticed Shi Feng’s existence.

The origin of this battle was, after all, due to Martial Union’s enmity towards Shi Feng. However, not only had Shi Feng himself received the aid of the Snow Goddess, he had even personally killed off Ironsword Lion in a head-on confrontation. This was enough proof of Shi Feng’s exceptional strength, and also his good relations with the Snow Goddess. Taking these points into mind, these upper echelons needed to let their subordinates pay more attention towards Shi Feng.

When Shi Feng and the others returned to Red Leaf Town, many players on the streets had shifted their gazes towards the group.

“Crap, isn’t that Ye Feng, the person that went Dungeon raiding together with the Snow Goddess?” a male Warrior said.

“If I go and beg Big Brother Ye Feng, I wonder if Big Brother Ye Feng will bring me to Level 10?” another female Elementalist bashfully said to her companion.

Shi Feng had completely become a celebrity now. Wherever he went, there would definitely be someone paying attention to, and talking about, him.

“Brother Feng, you’re already a famous person. Now, you only need to wiggle your finger, and there would be a crowd of beauties running over to you. In the future, you mustn’t forget to introduce a few to me,” Blackie laughingly said.

“Stop talking nonsense. Our priority right now is to level up. The sooner we get to Level 10, the sooner we can compete for more advantages after we enter White River City,” Shi Feng smiled as he said, “Since everyone is tired now, let’s rest for an hour. We’ll gather again after you all get your equipment repaired, and replenish your necessities.”

After hearing Shi Feng’s arrangements, Blackie and the others immediately went to the Smithy to repair their equipment.

They did not know why, but normally when they were grinding on the Level 5 Forest Wolves, even if they had been grinding for over ten hours, the durability of their equipment did not fall by much. However, right now, just after raiding a Dungeon once, the durability of their equipment had all fallen by almost half. If they were to raid the Dungeon another time, the durability of their equipment might fall to 1 within just three to four hours, becoming useless.

When everyone arrived at the Smithy to repair their equipment, they suddenly discovered a frightening matter.

Previously, it was a normal occurrence for them to change into new equipment. Hence, they had never repaired their equipment even once before. Now, however, all the equipment Cola was wearing only had half of its durability remaining. As a result, repairing all of it had required a fee of 1 Silver 63 Coppers. Such an amount was enough to purchase a Level 1 Bronze Equipment.

The higher the durability loss of an equipment, the higher the repair fees would be. If every piece of equipment on Cola’s character had dropped down to 1 it would take, at the very least, 4 Silver Coins to get it all repaired. Such an amount was the equivalent to two days of Cola’s earnings.

However, because Cola had become a follower of Shi Feng, the speed at which he earned money was much faster when compared to many other elite players. If those elite players were to repair their equipment, the total fees would be equivalent to several days of their earnings. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

“Boss, are you trying to rob us here?” Cola complained, unwilling to fork out such an expensive repair fee. Previously, he had obtained a Mysterious Treasure Chest from clearing the hell Mode of Dark Moon Graveyard. From the Mysterious Treasure Chest, he had received over 3 Silver coins and five bottles of Intermediate Recovery Potions. If it weren’t for that Treasure Chest, just this repair fee alone would have turned him into a broke bastard.

“Adventurer, I have already given you a 10% discount. It is already a very cheap price,” the Blacksmith said with a huff.

Hearing the Blacksmith saying so, Blackie and the others suddenly came to a realization. Their Reputation in Red Leaf Town had already reached 30 points, receiving a 10% discount for all purchases made in Red Leaf Town. They truly did not think that it would be so costly just to repair their equipment. However, if their equipment turned to scrap, not only would they lose their equipment, their leveling speed would also be greatly reduced. Hence, they had no choice but to repair their equipment.

Trade Area, Auction House.

Shi Feng was frantically purchasing items from the Auction House. The previous Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs Shi Feng sold before had once again allowed him to profit greatly. Now, there were at least 73 Gold Coins in his bag. In the entire White River City, there was not a single player who was more rich than him at the moment.

Right now, if he saw any items whose prices would inflate in the future, he would buy all of them. This was because, once players reached higher levels it became much easier for them to earn game currency and, as a result, the value of game currency fell. Instead of just waiting for the Coins in his hand to depreciate in value, he might as well purchase some items that would increase in value and store them in the Bank.

After some time not visiting the Auction House, the number of Hard Stones, Card Sets, and other items whose value would increase in the future had grown once more. Shi Feng had spent over 8 Gold Coins on such items, filling up the six 40-slot Bags he had just bought, and even needing to make several trips to the Bank. It wouldn’t be long before these items would have their values increased by manifold. Just thinking about it gave Shi Feng a delighted feeling.

Meanwhile, the value of the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Design had now begun to fall. Currently, each piece was only being sold for around 2 Gold Coins, and it wouldn’t be long before it became completely worthless.

Seeing that the number of Guilds purchasing the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Design was becoming fewer, Shi Feng decided to continue selling them for awhile more before thinking of another way to make money. Now, his main goal was to earn Credits. Just judging from the small amount of Credits he currently possessed, it was still not enough for his Workshop to squander.

Currently, Shi Feng still possessed more than 60 Gold Coins. He then took out 30 Gold Coins and registered them on the Virtual Trade Center. Right now, various large Guilds were in the midst of purchasing Coins in bulk. It wouldn’t be long before he could sell all his Coins, earning him a lot of Credits.

Following which, inside the Bank, Shi Feng started arranging the harvest he obtained today. He had already obtained more than ten pieces of Bronze Equipment just from the elite players of Martial Union he had killed. Originally, Shi Feng had intended to sell off these equipment pieces. However, his Workshop would definitely be recruiting new members in the future. Hence, he decided to store them inside his Warehouse, as they might come into use in the future. In any case, he was not lacking in this small amount of money.

As for the Ash Blade, the most important item he obtained from the Dark Moon Graveyard, he kept it inside his Warehouse for now. It was still of no use to him right now. Only when he arrived at Star-Moon City would he have a chance at finding a clue about the Ash Blade.

After all, the owner of the Ash Blade had an unfathomable origin, being titled as the God Slayer in God’s Domain; an existence feared even by the Gods. The clues relating to this Ash Blade could only be found in the Capital City of Star-Moon Kingdom.

“Ah? What’s this thing here?”

Shi Feng dug up a crystal the size of his palm from his bag.

“En, isn’t this one of the items dropped by Ironsword Lion?” Shi Feng discovered that he was somewhat familiar with this item. It was indeed one of the two items that were dropped by Ironsword Lion.

[Seven Luminaries Gemstone]

(Special Item)

Transports the user to Blackwing City.

(Uses remaining 4/5)

Dropped after death.

“This Ironsword Lion truly can’t be underestimated. It was no wonder he was so powerful in the previous life. It was all because of this item here,” Shi Feng looked at the Seven Luminaries Gemstone in his hand, unable to refrain from revealing a smile.

Blackwing City was no ordinary location. It was also not a place that players could simply go to as they wished. Players needed a Teleportation Crystal to go to that place, and the Seven Luminaries Gemstone was one of those passes.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, Blackwing City’s fame resounded throughout God’s Domain. All the major powers would willingly purchase the passes to Blackwing City at high prices. However, to an average player, it would be meaningless, even if they went to Blackwing City. At most, they would only go there to widen their horizons. However, to the upper echelons of a major power, it was an absolute heaven. After going there once, they would want to go there again.

Shi Feng looked at the time, discovering that today was a big day in Blackwing City. He definitely must make a trip to Blackwing City today. Hence, he sent a message to Blackie, saying, “Blackie, I still have some other things to take care of, so I won’t be able to bring you all leveling for now. After all of you are rested, go to the Level 8 area, Roaring Hill, to level up. As long as you guys are careful, your leveling speeds there will be extremely quick.”