Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 114 - Blackwing Auction House

Very rarely did Cruze’s Workshop have customers, and Shi Feng’s entry into the shop immediately roused Luciola’s attention.

“Lord Demon Hunter, I wonder what items my lord requires? Our shop has a variety of items, and we guarantee their quality,” Luciola walked towards Shi Feng, asking respectfully.

Shi Feng did not think that, regardless of location, the Demon Hunter title would be so respected. The title even held effect in Blackwing City.

“I wish to have a look at the new goods you have this week,” Shi Feng replied.

“My lord, our shop is stocked with many new items this week. I guarantee that my lord will be satisfied with them,” Luciola said.

“Guide me to them, then,” Shi Feng nodded his head.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, he had never once before gone to the second floor of the shop. He did not think there were even items being sold on the second floor.

“My lord, this way, please,” saying so, Luciola brought Shi Feng to the second floor.

The second floor was filled with display cabinets, all of them showcasing many rare Engineering Tools that dazzled a person’s eyes.

Amongst the display cabinets, there was an item that greatly attracted Shi Feng’s attention.

Rocket Boots!

One of the godly escaping tools in God’s Domain. With it, one could easily escape when met with dangers in the wild or when being hunted by other players.

Moreover, this was Epic Equipment that was made by an Engineering Grandmaster. Regardless if it was the Attributes or effects, both were not something with which the Common Ranked Rocket Boots could compare.

However, the price tag hanging on the Epic Ranked Rocket Boots was a frightening 1,200 Gold. Even if Shi Feng considered himself as rich, he could not even afford a fraction of such an amount.

After making a round through the display cabinets, a majority of the items sold were all to Shi Feng’s liking. Moreover, they would be of huge aid to himself, and he could not help but wish that he could just take all of them away. However, his pockets were not sufficiently deep, and he could only lament over his fate.

“Lord Demon Hunter, are these items not to your liking?” Seeing that her long-awaited customer was shaking his head, Luciola hurriedly asked.

However, how would Shi Feng have the cheek to tell Luciola that he did not have that much money? Any of the items showcased here would, at the bare minimum, cost around tens to hundreds of Gold Coins. Just based on the thirty over Gold Coins in his bag, he would at most be able to purchase a single item here.

“Do you have Frost Grenades here?” after giving it some thought, Shi Feng decided that it would be better to buy some more useful items.

“Lord Demon Hunter, the Frost Grenades are sold in the Common Section on the first floor. The VIP Section on the second floor does not sell them. My lord, please follow me,” Luciola brought Shi Feng down to the first floor once more.

At this moment, Shi Feng finally realized that the second floor was the VIP Section. It was no wonder the items on display there were so expensive. In his previous life, when he had discovered this Workshop here, he was already around Level 70 to Level 80. However, he did not possess the Demon Hunter title at that time, so he could only shop at the Common Section. Yet, even then his gains were already bountiful.

Now, he had inadvertently discovered the VIP Section on the second floor. Moreover, there were so many items sold in that section. Unfortunately, the money he possessed was just too little to buy anything. He could only come again in the future, after earning more money.

Corresponding to the lower number of items being sold on the first floor, their prices were similarly much lower.

“Lord Demon Hunter, these are the Frost Grenades that you requested. They are categorized into three tiers. "May I know what type you are seeking?"”

[Basic Frost Grenade]

Effective against monsters (and players) below Level 30.

Deals 200 frost damage in a radius of 10 yards, which freezes targets for 5 seconds, then reduces Movement Speed by 60% for a duration of 12 seconds.

Price: 1 Silver 50 Coppers

[Intermediate Frost Grenade]

Effective against monsters (and players) below Level 70.

Deals 800 frost damage in a radius of 12 yards, which freezes targets for 5 seconds, then reduces Movement Speed by 60% for a duration of 12 seconds.

Price: 10 Silvers

[Advanced Frost Grenade]

Effective against monsters (and players) below Level 120.

Deals 2,000 frost damage in a radius of 15 yards, which freezes targets for 5 seconds, then reduces Movement Speed by 60% for a duration of 12 seconds.

Price: 70 Silvers

Just a single Intermediate Frost Grenade was enough to instantly kill a Level 5 MT, fully equipped with Bronze Equipment. Meanwhile, although the Basic Frost Grenade could not instantly kill a player, it could freeze them for 5 seconds, followed by a 60% reduction in Movement Speed for 12 seconds. These effects were just too frightening.

As for the Advanced Frost Grenades, this item was not something with which an ordinary player could mess around. Not mentioning the 2,000 frost damage it could cause, it also possessed an effective radius of 15 yards. If Shi Feng were to have used this item in his previous battle with Martial Union, it would have saved him much trouble. Just throwing three of these things would rid him of all his problems.

However, a single Advanced Frost Grenade already cost 70 Silver Coins. It was just too expensive a price tag. Moreover, using such an item at his level was simply too extravagant.

“I want three stacks of Basic Frost Grenades and thirty units of Intermediate Frost Grenades.” Shi Feng thought that it was still best to purchase a few Intermediate ones as a preventive measure. If he were to end up being hunted by Martial Union again, these Intermediate Frost Grenades would aid him in getting rid of all those troubles.

A stack of Frost Grenades consisted of 200 units, and three whole stacks would be enough to last him for a very long time.

“Lord Demon Hunter, you can enjoy a 10% discount in our shop. The total amount for these items is 10 Gold 80 Silver,” Luciola brought out all the requested items, saying after making a quick calculation.

“Alright.” Shi Feng felt joy in his heart. In his previous life, even with his status as a Tier 3 Sword King, he had never received discounts when purchasing items here. He did not imagine that the Demon Hunter title would be so awesome, even earning him a discount within Blackwing City. This was truly an unexpected happiness.

After purchasing the Frost Grenades, Shi Feng rode on the horse carriage to the heart of the Trade Area, the Blackwing Auction House.

The Blackwing Auction House was one of the most majestic buildings within Blackwing City. The land it took up was the size of four football fields. Moreover, the building possessed 188 floors. The royalty of the various countries in God’s Domain, and even great characters, like Tier 5 NPCs, would sometimes visit this place to purchase items. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Immediately after arriving at the Blackwing Auction House, Shi Feng had noticed that there was actually a dozen or so players queuing up to enter the Auction House.

However, such a sight was nothing strange to behold. Even a small place like Red Leaf Town had managed to produce a pass to Blackwing City. There were hundreds of Towns under the influence of White River City, while there were over a hundred Cities under the rule of Star-Moon Kingdom. Moreover, there were hundreds of countries in the entirety of God’s Domain. Hence, it was only normal for hundreds of players to appear in Blackwing City right now.

The ones who were capable of coming to Blackwing City right now were either those who had extremely good luck or those who belonged to the upper echelons of major powers. For the average players that did arrive at this place, however, they would quickly discover that although Blackwing City was a good location to be, it would be of no help to average players like them. Hence, it would be better for them to sell the entry ticket to a major power, earning some quick money.

Meanwhile, the players that were lined up here all had very high levels. The highest amongst them was a Level 7 bearded man. The large man wore a complete Level 5 Bronze Set Equipment and was also carrying a Mysterious-Iron Ax on his back. One glance at the man was enough to tell that the man’s strength was not to be trifled with. As for the other players, they were all at Level 6, each wearing complete Bronze Set Equipment, and none of them looking to have a simple background.

Noticing Shi Feng walking over, these players all discovered that Shi Feng was surprisingly at Level 7, the same level as the bearded man beside them. However, the silvery-white, delicate Set Equipment worn by Shi Feng faintly gave off a chilling and heavy pressure. Although it was a Bronze Set Equipment, a single look at it and anyone could tell that it was not just any ordinary Set Equipment. Moreover, there were even individual pieces of Secret-Silver Ranked Equipment. Although they could not tell what rank the black sword hanging around Shi Feng’s waist was at, the other sword gave off the glow of a Secret-Silver Equipment. Compared to the bearded man, Shi Feng was obviously much more powerful, and the players present immediately started having notions of befriending him.

“This one is Lonely Goose of the Moon Temple. Fellow friend, I have never seen you around before. Is this your first time visiting Blackwing City?” a gentle scholarly-looking, Level 6 Swordsman walked up and asked Shi Feng.

After arriving at Blackwing City, Shi Feng did not disguise his equipment, leaving them in their original appearance. He had only altered his own facial appearance, turning it into the appearance of the middle-aged man, Black Flame. That way, nobody would be able to recognize him as Ye Feng.

Hearing this scholarly person introduce himself, Shi Feng could not help but size up this man called Lonely Goose.