Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 118 - Another Road to Wealth

Receiving Aqua Rose’s invitation, Shi Feng nodded his head in agreement.

In any case, he was bound to have to cooperate with the large Guilds in Blackwing City. So, instead of choosing Bloodthirsty War God and Guilds of similar influence, it would be much better for him to choose the more famous and more influential, Twilight Echo, with which to cooperate.

Moreover, Aqua Rose was a very well-renowned name. She was not a girl who prioritized profits, but more friendly relationships. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

In Shi Feng’s previous life, one of Aqua Rose’s close friends was targeted by a first-rate Guild. The first-rate Guild in question wanted to kill her friend back to Level 0 no matter what, and they even wanted her friend to hand out all of her precious items. In order to aid her friend, Aqua Rose had unhesitatingly declared war with that first-rate Guild. As a result, both Guilds incurred massive damage, and Twilight Echo’s overall strength was greatly reduced, becoming only an ordinary first-rate Guild from then on.

If a person prioritized profit over friendship, then they would never have done such a damaging action just to help a friend. However, Aqua Rose had done it.

Aqua Rose’s friend became extremely touched because of Aqua Rose’s actions, becoming one of the fierce generals of Twilight Echo. In the end, Aqua Rose’s friend, Unyielding Ice, had even become a Tier 6 Mage God, turning Twilight Echo into a tyrannic existence in God’s Domain.

With Aqua Rose’s personality guaranteed, Shi Feng felt much more assured at cooperating with her.

“I know a good restaurant up ahead. Let’s have a chat over there,” after Shi Feng agreed to her invitation, Aqua Rose revealed a faint smile. She then guided Shi Feng towards the restaurant.

After Shi Feng and Aqua Rose departed, Egoistic Blade curled his lips in disdain, sourly saying, “Does he think he’s amazing just because he has some money? He’s just a wealthy spindrift. Sooner or later, I’ll definitely be richer than him.”

Hearing Egoistic Blade saying so, Lonely Goose and the others could not help but look at him in disdain. Shi Feng was already having discussions of cooperation in Blackwing City with Aqua Rose. Based on Shi Feng’s formidable wealth and special status, he would definitely become an influential figure in Blackwing City in the very near future. Shi Feng was not someone that Egoistic Blade could compare to.

In fact, Egoistic Blade himself knew this truth. He was only speaking to ease the pain in his heart.

Red Rose High Class Restaurant: It was one of the few upper class restaurants in Blackwing City. Just the NPCs that were guarding the restaurant’s entrance were already Level 180 Tier 2 Jobs. Moreover, the delicacies served here were of absolute perfection. Even if the food served was just a virtual object, eating it would give one an unspeakable sense of satisfaction. However, the average player would definitely not have the courage to dine at this place. That was because just a random cup of tea already cost over a dozen Silver Coins.

Inside a luxurious private room on the fourth floor of the restaurant building, Aqua Rose had casually ordered a few of the most expensive teas available. She sat down quietly, staring at Shi Feng, completely unfazed at spending more than 30 Silver Coins on just beverages.

“Whatever sorts of cooperation you have in mind, just speak. It would feel extremely awkward if you just keep staring at me like that.” Looking at Aqua Rose’s smiling expression as she stared at him, Shi Feng started inwardly getting the chills.

“Pardon me; I was just very curious about you. I never imagined that the famous Chief Forger of Star-Moon Kingdom would actually be such a matured and composed man like you. Originally, I had even thought that the Chief Forger would be some quirky old man in his fifties or sixties,” Aqua Rose smiled.

“I didn’t know that Miss Aqua would be so interested in Forging. Could it be, Miss Aqua wishes to recruit me into your Guild?” Shi Feng drank a mouthful of the black tea served, smiling faintly.

Shi Feng did not feel anything out of the ordinary from Aqua Rose knowing his identity as a Forger. After all, the name of Black Flame had become relatively huge now. As long as one made a quick search on the internet, they would be able to find plenty of related information.

Aqua Rose shook her head, softly saying, “No. I know that Master Black Flame’s ambition is not that small. Hence, I do not have such an intention. I only wish to purchase a few Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs, and also some equipment made by Master Black Flame. For example, a Secret-Silver Weapon such as the Silver Dawn. In addition, I wish to make a long-term purchase of Gold Coins from Master Black Flame. Naturally, I would buy the Coins at 20% above the market price. I wonder how Master Black Flame feels about all of this?”

“There won’t be a problem with selling you the Forging Designs and equipment. However, I can only say that I am helpless about the sale of Gold Coins. Moreover, I have an additional condition myself,” Shi Feng said after some thought.

If Aqua Rose was willing to purchase his items in bulk, then it would naturally be a good thing. It was especially true for the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Design. Selling that item was no different than carrying out daylight robbery. Furthermore, Shi Feng could also utilize Twilight Echo to purchase some items for him. As for the Gold Coins, Shi Feng had no intentions of selling them.

“Master Black Flame, please speak. If it is something that we, Twilight Echo, can carry out, we will definitely do so,” Aqua Rose joyfully said as she saw Shi Feng agreeing to her conditions.

“I need various types of ores and stones. You should know that a lot of ores and materials are required to forge equipment. With the influence of Twilight Echo, I deem that it should be very easy for you all to purchase a large number of ores, right? In addition, I also require the entry pass for Blackwing City. If I cannot frequently come to Blackwing City, I would also be unable to conduct trade with you all,” Shi Feng calmly said.

“At this point, Master Black Flame can rest assured. I can obtain as many ores for you as you want. Moreover, their prices will definitely be cheap. As for the entry pass to Blackwing City, even if Master Black Flame does not mention it, we will definitely prepare them for you.” Hearing Shi Feng’s request, Aqua Rose’s smile became even more dazzling.

Twilight Echo’s location was situated in the Storm Empire. The Storm Empire was a giant at ore production. Hence, the quantity of ores available was extremely high, while their prices were extremely cheap. It would be a very easy task for Twilight Echo to obtain a large amount of ores and stones for forging. Moreover, they could also earn a large sum of money from selling the ores and other materials.

Shi Feng naturally knew why Aqua Rose was so cheerful.

Star-Moon Kingdom was unlike the Storm Empire. Its geography was situated on flatlands; hence, the amount of ores available was very little, while their prices were extremely high. Hence why Shi Feng wanted Aqua Rose to provide him with a large amount of ores, while he would provide the equipment, making it a mutually beneficial exchange.

Moreover, if he was unable to use up the ores and materials he purchased at a low price, he could simply sell them off to the other Guilds in Star-Moon Kingdom. These Guilds all needed to nurture their own Forgers. Hence, they would need a very large amount of ores and materials. Shi Feng would not have to worry about looking for a buyer at all.

Shi Feng did not imagine that, just by making a single trip to Blackwing City, he would obtain both the items he wanted, and also another road to wealth.

“Let’s trade the Forging Designs first, then. As for the other equipment and materials, we will trade them on another day. How about two days later?” Shi Feng’s heart was constantly filled with thoughts regarding the Fellowship Party of Jin Hai University. It was only a few days before the Fellowship Party would be held. With his forging skills, if he were to put all his efforts into forging equipment in these two days, he should be able to make a large sum of money. If he took the chance to sell off ores as well, he would make even more money.

If his luck was good, he might be able to obtain a good harvest from the Fellowship Party.

“Master Black Flame, you too should know that God’s Domain has only recently started its operation, so every Guild is slightly tight on Gold Coins. Can we perhaps conduct the trade with both Gold Coins and Credits? If we can conduct the trade in this way, Master Black Flame, I will purchase as many Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs as you possess,” Aqua Rose said in a slightly embarrassed tone.

“Oh dear...”

Shi Feng pretended to sigh, showing a troubled expression. Seeing this, Aqua Rose became slightly panicked.

Right now, every large Guild was tight on Gold Coins, and though they wished to purchase them in bulk, it was an extremely difficult task. After all, God’s Domain only acknowledged Coins, not Credits. Moreover, the officials of God’s Domain had also declared that they would not activate the mechanics of exchanging Credits to Gold Coins. Instead, they only conducted the exchange of Gold Coins to Credits.

Regarding the selling price of the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs, Aqua Rose had previously conducted an investigation. Each Forging Design was sold at around 3 Gold Coins. If she was to use only Gold Coins to conduct the exchange, she would at most be able to buy four to five pieces. However, after purchasing them, the Gold Coins spent would greatly affect the development of her Guild.

Yet, looking at Shi Feng’s appearance, he did not seem to be very lacking in Credits. If she had to trade in only Gold Coins, then she would truly be left helpless.