Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 119 - God’s Domain Upgraded

“Miss Aqua, I wonder in what ratio you wish to trade at?” Shi Feng let out a dry cough, softly saying.

If it was the Shi Feng of before, he would not have minded fully selling the Forging Designs for Credits. However, it was a different story now.

Although Credits were extremely important to Shi Feng, the value of Gold Coins right now was similarly huge. It was especially true after Shi Feng had come to Blackwing City. All the good items sold here had astronomical prices. Moreover, the NPCs here only accepted Gold Coins, running a “no money, no talk” policy.

“If possible, 2% Gold Coins and 98% Credits. What do you think, Master Black Flame?” Aqua Rose’s curved eyelashes flickered as she spoke in an embarrassed tone.

After all, the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs were just too expensive. Moreover, she intended to buy a large amount of them. Even if she were to pay just 10% of the price in Gold Coins, Twilight Echo might not be able to handle it.

Shi Feng nearly spat out the tea he was drinking after hearing her offer.

Paying 2% in Gold Coins meant that, for a transaction worth 100 Gold, Shi Feng would only receive 2 Gold, while receiving the remaining 98% in Credits. Although Shi Feng was not trying to be petty, wasn’t this amount a little too low?

“Miss Aqua, after arriving at Blackwing City, you should know that the items sold here will be of great help to us. However, the items here are just too expensive. In addition, the Auction House would often sell top-tier items. The value of Gold Coins goes without saying. The ratio for Gold Coins you offered is truly not enough. At the very least, it should be at 10%,” Shi Feng unhurriedly said.

“I know that I am troubling Master Black Flame. However, Twilight Echo is truly unable to bring out that many Gold Coins. If Master Black Flame is willing to reduce the ratio down to 5%, I am willing to pay out an additional 20% in Credits. I wonder if that would be possible?” Aqua Rose was similarly helpless. However, the Coins in God’s Domain were simply too valuable. Even the Coins obtained by the money-farming teams of Twilight Echo, which consisted of 3,000 players, was not enough to support the Guild’s expenditure. Although Twilight Echo was constantly expanding the size for the money-farming teams, from beginning to end, the amount obtained was never enough. Otherwise, Aqua Rose would not be bargaining ceaselessly with Shi Feng.

Shi Feng entered a deep thought.

The 5% was very close to his bottom-line already. Moreover, Aqua Rose was willing to pay an additional 20% in Credits. To Shi Feng, this was an extremely attractive proposition. Currently, 1 Silver Coin was priced at 100 Credits. It could be said that the value of Coins was the highest at this moment. At the very minimum, their trade would be worth at least 50 Gold Coins. An additional 20% would be the equivalent of over 90,000 Credits, after tax. It was already a large amount.

“Alright, we’ll go with 5%, then. How many pieces of the Forging Design does Miss Aqua wish to buy?” Shi Feng nodded his head, asking.

Aqua Rose stretched out five of her delicate fingers.

“Five pieces, is it?” Shi Feng could not help but be startled.

After a half a day’s worth of discussion, she only wanted five pieces? Was she toying with him?

Aqua shook her head at Shi Feng’s words.

“It can’t be 50 pieces, right?” Shi Feng was shocked. If all 50 pieces were sold at an additional 20% based on the market price, then each piece would be priced at 3 Gold Coins. Fifty pieces would be 150 Gold Coins!

Just thinking about it was enough to cause Shi Feng to be excited. He didn’t think that Aqua Rose would have such a big appetite, making a 150 Gold transaction amount. This had far exceeded his initial estimates. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Just within moments, Shi Feng was able to earn several millions of Credits. With this amount of money, he would have much more confidence when attending the Fellowship Party. After all, if one wanted to develop their influence, money was an absolute necessity.

“No, I want 500 pieces. I wonder if Master Black Flame has that many pieces?” Aqua Rose brightly smiled. It was as if she was not buying Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs, but a stack of plain paper.

“Miss Aqua, are you sure you wish to buy 500 pieces? You should know that the price for such an amount is not a joke,” Shi Feng verified once more. He could not help but admit that Aqua Rose frightened him.

With this many pieces of Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs, it was sufficient to provide for the needs of more than a dozen Guilds. Twilight Echo would absolutely be unable to use all of them.

“Master Black Flame, I am very sure of it. However, with such a large transaction, I too have an additional condition,” Aqua Rose said with a mysterious smile.

“Speak,” Shi Feng said.

“Within Blackwing City, your Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs are only allowed to be sold to us, Twilight Echo. Moreover, with such a large transaction, even if only 5% of it would be traded in Gold Coins, that would still be 75 Gold Coins. I can only pay all these Gold Coins in installments. Of course, the first payment would be 10 Gold Coins. Afterward, I will make sure to pay off the debt within a month. I wonder if you can be satisfied with that?” Aqua Rose said.

After hearing Aqua Rose speak, Shi Feng immediately understood her intentions. This girl intended to purchase his Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs to resell them to the other Guilds. That way, she too would be able to earn a ton.

Shi Feng similarly understood the reason for Aqua Rose’s sincerity. Furthermore, he was not a petty person himself. He immediately said in a generous tone, “Alright, and since you are buying that many pieces, you only need to pay 10 Gold Coins. The remainder you can just pay it all off in Credits.”

It would be fine as long as he could sell off the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs. As for who he sold them to, it did not matter that much. He wouldn’t be envious of Aqua Rose either.

Aqua Rose’s connections were much, much wider than his own.

Being able to sell that many pieces of the Forging Designs, and at an even higher price, would all be due to Aqua Rose’s own ability. On the other hand, Shi Feng did not possess such an ability, so why should he bother himself with these matters? He would be satisfied as long as he could earn all the money possible for him to earn from the Forging Designs.

Following which, Shi Feng searched for a lounge, spending more than two hours in it to make over 600 pieces of Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs. Yet, even after making so many of them, his cost did not even exceed 2 Silver Coins. This way of earning money was literally quicker than robbing an NPC Bank.

Shi Feng passed 500 pieces of the Forging Designs to Aqua Rose, receiving 10 Gold Coins in return. At the same time, Aqua Rose immediately deposited 17.88 million Credits into Shi Feng’s account. In addition to the Credits Shi Feng earned previously, he now had over 18 million Credits in his bank account. Shi Feng had become a millionaire within an instant.

Shi Feng nearly fainted from the rush of joy he felt.

Originally, Shi Feng had thought that it would be fortunate if he was able to earn a few million Credits in the following few days. Now, however, he had earned nearly 18 million Credits in an instant. In a few more days, that amount might even rise to 20 million. Although it was not enough to put him on the same level as the young masters of large corporations, it was still enough for him to compete with Shadow at the Fellowship Party. Moreover, he would be able to establish a high quality Workshop quickly.

Aqua Rose became overjoyed when she received the 500 pieces of Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs. With Twilight Echo’s influence, she would definitely be able to sell out all of the Forging Designs, earning a large sum of Gold Coins. The speed at which she earned Gold Coins would be several hundred times faster than that of the money-farming teams. With this many Gold Coins, the development of the Guild would definitely rise greatly. Who would be able to compete with Twilight Echo from then on?

“Master Black Flame, let’s set our next transaction to be at three days later, then. At that time, I will bring you the various ores that you require. Also, please don’t forget to bring more Weapons and Equipment. I want as many as you have.”

“Alright, you won’t be disappointed.”

After the two of them finished their trade, both promptly departed from Blackwing City, returning to their own respective countries to make preparations.

At that moment, the sky in Red Leaf Town was growing dimmer. The players outside the Town were all starting to return. After dark, the monsters in the wild would have their strength increased by 20%. Moreover, their numbers would greatly increase. If a player had the misfortune of being wrapped up like a dumpling by the monsters, dying back to Town, then that would be a true tragedy.

After returning to Red Leaf Town, originally, Shi Feng had intended to investigate the situation at the Auction House. He wanted to know why exactly the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs were being so well-received.

However, the color of the sky suddenly changed. The azure colored sky turned rainbow-colored. It was a magnificent sight, which bewitched a person’s mind. Immediately after, the entire sky had let out an overwhelming sound that resounded throughout the entire God’s Domain.

System Announcement: Emergency notice! Emergency notice!

System Announcement: God’s Domain will be undergoing a system upgrade. The system upgrade will require 12 real-life hours. May all players please logout of the game within 10 minutes.

System Announcement: God’s Domain will be undergoing a system upgrade. The system upgrade will require 12 real-life hours. May all players please logout of the game within 10 minutes.

System Announcement: God’s Domain will be undergoing a system upgrade. The system upgrade will require 12 real-life hours. May all players please logout of the game within 10 minutes.

A series of four consecutive System Announcement resounded throughout the entirety of God’s Domain. Countless players were shaken by the sight and sound coming from the sky, all of them starting a discussion over it. They did not understand just what had happened to God’s Domain. Why was there a need for such a sudden upgrade to the System?

“Just what is happening here? Why is God’s Domain evolving so quickly?” Shi Feng’s brows creased into a bundle after hearing the System Announcement. According to his memories, God’s Domain’s first upgrade would only happen at least a month later. Right now, God’s Domain evolving was bad news to Shi Feng.