Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 126 - Left in the Dust

Watching the ghosts rushing forth from all around...

Shi Feng immediately activated Windwalk, his speed increasing by a huge leap as he dashed towards the dilapidated house.

“Aooo!”

The Level 15 Elite-ranked Ferocious Evil Spirits let out an ear-piercing screech. Immediately, more Cursed Evil Spirits dashed over, crowding the private house. Under the command of the Ferocious Evil Spirits, they all stormed into the house in a well-organized manner.

The private house was not large, and the place was a mess, with dust covering every surface. Meanwhile, the main door of the house could, at most, fit only two people at a time.

The moment the Cursed Evil Spirits squeezed through the main door...

A small-sized Basic Frost Grenade exploded in the threshold. Cold air overflowed from the entrance, and everything within a 10-yard radius froze solid. Instantly, the fifty plus Cursed Evil Spirits in front of the private house froze as well, and a damage of -440 points appearing above each of their heads. Their remaining HPs dropped under half. With the Cursed Evil Spirits at the entrance rooted in place, the others who, unaffected, were unable to rush into the house to devour Shi Feng. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The Frost Grenade could hold the Evil Spirits for 5 seconds. Shi Feng took this chance to use Thundering Flash; three arcs of lightning immediately pierced towards the main entrance. However, due to the gap between levels being too wide, the total damage the skill caused to each Cursed Evil Spirit did not even exceed -100 points.

System: Proficiency of Thundering Flash raised by 3 points.

However, because of the high level of these Cursed Evil Spirits, whenever Shi Feng used a skill to attack them, his skill proficiency greatly increased. Each usage would raise the skill proficiency by 3 points.

As it so happened, Shi Feng could use these Cursed Evil Spirits to train his skill proficiency while waiting for the Cooldown of the Frost Grenades to end.

Earth Splitter!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

AOE skills landed on the Cursed Evil Spirits, one after another. Although the damage was extremely low, the skill proficiency greatly increased.

After using the three skills, Shi Feng threw another Frost Grenade. Instantly, the fifty plus Cursed Evil Spirits died, transforming into a large sum of EXP for Shi Feng and dropping plenty of Copper Coins and Tiny Spirit Essences.

With the first wave of Cursed Evil Spirits dead, the ones behind rushed forward once more.

Shi Feng waited until they started squeezing through the main entrance before throwing a Frost Grenade. Once again, the Cursed Evil Spirits halted. Shi Feng then used the skills that had their Cooldown completed before using another Frost Grenade to finish off these Cursed Evil Spirits.

Countless Cursed Evil Spirits swarmed the Hundred Ghost Town. There were also the Ferocious Evil Spirits continuously screeching and luring the other Cursed Evil Spirits over. By this time, Cursed Evil Spirits and Ferocious Evil Spirits overflowed the private house’s yard.

If there were not a team of several hundred players here, it was practically a pipe-dream to clear all these monsters. However, Shi Feng only camped inside the private house, using the Frost Grenades to clean away these monsters slowly. Although his efficiency was a lot slower when compared to a team with hundreds of players, his method was extremely safe. He could also grind for skill proficiency, killing two birds with one stone.

With the deaths of batch after batch of Cursed Evil Spirits, Shi Feng’s experience and skill proficiency rose without stop.

Before five minutes had even passed, Shi Feng had already risen to Level 8.

Although he had killed an insane number of Cursed Evil Spirits, towards the Hundred Ghost Town, such a number was only a drop in the bucket.

After reaching Level 8, the EXP he obtained from killing the Cursed Evil Spirits was reduced by a large chunk. However, the death of each Cursed Evil Spirit still yielded Shi Feng with 4,200 EXP, and his leveling speed was still rising quicker than a rocket. With every wave of monsters killed, his experience bar filled by a large chunk. If others were to see this, their eyes would most likely pop out of their sockets.

They could only raise their experience bars by a small chunk after striving for one or two hours. Yet, Shi Feng’s experience bar expanded by a large portion with each passing moment.

With the slow decrease of Shi Feng’s remaining Frost Grenades, the number of Cursed Evil Spirits also continuously fell. This situation greatly enraged the Ferocious Evil Spirits, and they worked even harder at summoning their allies.

Twenty minutes later, a golden flash surrounded Shi Feng’s body. He leveled up once more, reaching Level 9. Meanwhile, Thunder Flame Explosion had risen to Level 2, and Earth Splitter to Level 3.

If including the skill level bonus from the Abyssal Blade, Thunder Flame Explosion would be Level 4, while Earth Splitter would be Level 5.

[Thunder Flame Explosion] (Action-type)

Level 4

Requires: Melee Weapon

Causes 300 base damage and additional flame and thunder damage to enemies within a 5-yard radius. Enemies struck will be placed in a Fainted state for 4.5 seconds.

Cooldown: 36 seconds

[Earth Splitter]

Level 5

Requires: Sword

Causes 190 base damage and based on the period of charging power between 0.2 seconds to 3 seconds, a maximum of 360% weapon damage. Attack range of 10 yards.

Cooldown: 40 seconds

The Cooldown of both of these skills greatly reduced, while their power increased. If both skills were used, Common Monsters of the same level would die without question.

However, the most frightening part was still the fact that Shi Feng had risen to Level 9. Even in all of White River City, no one could find another Level 9 player. If there were a ranking for levels, Shi Feng would unquestionably be placed at the number one spot, while the player in second place was still a great distance from Level 8. It could be said that Shi Feng had left others in his dust, and even if the others tried, they could not catch up.

After reaching Level 9, Shi Feng placed all of his Attribute Points into Agility. With this, Shi Feng’s Agility finally reached 75 points, satisfying the condition for equipping the Dark Pursuer’s Cape.

After equipping the Dark Pursuer’s Cape, Shi Feng’s Attributes greatly increased once more, his Agility immediately rising to 80 points. As long as it reached 100 points, he could unlock Agility’s Special Hidden Skill, greatly increasing his battle prowess.

Besides that, Shi Feng’s HP had also increased to 1,200 points, his Movement Speed to 24 points, and his Attack Speed to 30 points, allowing him to learn the skill, Silent Steps. The next time he met Absolute Heaven, he would not allow him to escape so easily.

Now that Shi Feng was Level 9, the level suppression from the Cursed Evil Spirits was no longer as significant as before. Furthermore, Thundering Flash, Earth Splitter, and Thunder Flame Explosion had all leveled up as well, notably increasing their might.

Right now, Shi Feng only needed to combine one Frost Grenade and his three skills to end the Cursed Evil Spirits, saving him a lot of Frost Grenades.

After which, Shi Feng continued massacring the Cursed Evil Spirits for over a dozen minutes, his experience bar rising to 36% of Level 9. As long as he continued grinding like this for an hour, he could definitely reach Level 10. Unfortunately, Shi Feng had cleared out all the Cursed Evil Spirits that once filled the streets. Finally, those Ferocious Evil Spirits were no longer able to remain idle. They released angry roars, intending to rip Shi Feng to shreds with their own bare hands.

The scene frightened the other Cursed Evil Spirits. They hurriedly parted to give way to the Ferocious Evil Spirits.

Suddenly, over a dozen incomparably sinister-looking beings stormed the private house, every one of the Ferocious Evil Spirits intending to rend Shi Feng into tens of thousands of pieces.

[Ferocious Evil Spirit] (Elite Rank)

Level 15

HP 5,000/5,000

Compared to the Cursed Evil Spirits, not only did the Ferocious Evil Spirits have larger bodies, but their Attack Power and Movement Speed also greatly surpassed the former. They had many powerful melee skills, in addition to their 5,000 HP, 70% resistance, and 30% evasion to physical attacks. They were capable of easily decimating any melee class of the same levels. Moreover, the damage of magical attacks used on these monsters only increased by 50%, while magical damage of the same attribute would reduce by 50%. As a result, even mage classes were helpless against them.

However, those were still not the most frightening aspects of these monsters.

After God’s Domain underwent its first evolution, Common Monsters above Level 10 all possessed a certain amount of wisdom. Meanwhile, these Level 15 Elites possessed even greater wisdom, increasing their battle prowess by manyfolds.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, these Ferocious Evil Spirits slaughtered many players from Glorious Light. To kill these Ferocious Evil Spirits, Glorious Light had paid with the lives of hundreds of players.

“Finally here, eh?”

Despite watching the Ferocious Evil Spirits rushing at him, Shi Feng remained extremely calm.

In actuality, there was one thing that Shi Feng had always wanted to know. In God’s Domain, if these monsters with high intelligence were met with players that greatly surpassed them, just what sort of reaction would occur?