Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 127 - Ghost Rider

Just as the Ferocious Evil Spirits were about to rush into the house...

Shi Feng took out an Intermediate Frost Grenade from his bag, throwing it.

The Ferocious Evil Spirits already had a rough understanding of the Frost Grenade’s formidable power, and they showed extreme disdain towards it. Without even attempting to dodge the Frost Grenade, their pitch-black claws abruptly extended forward, slashing towards Shi Feng’s heart.

However, after the Frost Grenade discharged, the cold air that expanded was several times colder than before. At this moment, the Ferocious Evil Spirits immediately realized something was wrong; the sinister expression on their faces revealed a hint of fear. In the blink of an eye, cold air invaded the forms of all the Ferocious Evil Spirits, transforming them into ice sculptures.

The Intermediate Frost Grenade was the trump card that Shi Feng had prepared. Each one was worth 10 Silver Coins, which was nearly several days’ of a pro player’s earnings. The Intermediate Frost Grenade also caused -1,320 damage to each of the Ferocious Evil Spirits. With Shi Feng’s Demon Hunter title equipped, the Ferocious Evil Spirits only had a maximum of 4,500 HP each, and this attack instantly destroyed a third of their HP.

Due to using the Intermediate Frost Grenades for the first time, it achieved the maximum effect. When used the next time, these Ferocious Evil Spirits would possess ice resistance, greatly reducing the potential damage of the Intermediate Frost Grenades.

“Die!”

Shi Feng unsheathed his swords, his feet moving to an appropriate position before using Thundering Flash. Three green, electric arcs encompassed the Ferocious Evil Spirits.

Thundering Flash belonged to the lightning-type magic damage; hence, its damage increased by 50% when used on the Ferocious Evil Spirits.

Moreover, Shi Feng had already reached Level 9, while the Abyssal Blade could ignore a monster’s level by 5 Levels. In actuality, the Ferocious Evil Spirits were only considered one level higher than Shi Feng, and the level suppression on Shi Feng was almost non-existent.

The Level 5 Thundering Flash dealt damages of -176, -230, and -297 to these frozen monsters. The skill also placed an additional amplification effect on the monsters, increasing the damage they received by 30% over the next 20 seconds.

With the Ferocious Evil Spirits unable to move for a full 5 seconds, Shi Feng was able to launch attacks at them freely.

Chop!

Double Chop!

Earth Splitter!

Physical-type damage was no different than a scratch to these Ferocious Evil Spirits, and even a fully-charged Earth Splitter caused no more than 100 damage. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

As the seconds ticked by, the ice covering the bodies of the Ferocious Evil Spirits started showing signs of cracking. It would only be a moment before they struggled free of their imprisonment.

Shi Feng leaped lightly, the Abyssal Blade raised high as it condensed the power of thunder and flame around it. When Shi Feng landed in the midst of the group of Ferocious Evil Spirits, an abrupt explosion occurred. Thunder and flame instantly swallowed the surroundings, enveloping the Ferocious Evil Spirits and causing damages of over -500 points. In just a moment, the Ferocious Evil Spirits all lost two-fifths of their HP, and he forced them all into a Fainted state.

Due to these monsters being high-leveled Elites, the Fainted state was less effective on them, lasting, at most, 3 seconds.

Meanwhile, after Shi Feng’s Attributes had greatly increased explosively, he created twelve sword images. Like a fierce gale, Shi Feng swept through the Ferocious Evil Spirits. Multiple damages of roughly -30 points appeared above the Ferocious Evil Spirits’ heads, with the occasional -60 points or so damage. Immediately, the Ferocious Evil Spirits’ HP reduced slightly once more.

As the 3 seconds were about to pass, Shi Feng tossed out another Intermediate Frost Grenade, turning these Ferocious Evil Spirits into ice sculptures yet again.

This time, the Intermediate Frost Grenade only managed to cause -860 damage to the monsters. However, the damage was enough to reduce the HP of these Ferocious Evil Spirits to a critical level.

These Ferocious Evil Spirits truly did not imagine a weakling like Shi Feng was so powerful. Within a short timespan of less than ten seconds, he managed to send all of them near death’s door. Every one of these Ferocious Evil Spirits revealed expressions of fear. They started to struggle out of the ice with all their might, their hearts filled with thoughts of escape.

Unfortunately, their efforts were for naught. As another second passed, Shi Feng threw out the third Intermediate Frost Grenade, taking the lives of the dozen-plus Ferocious Evil Spirits. After their deaths, the Ferocious Evil Spirits dropped a pile of loot.

System: Level 15 Ferocious Evil Spirit killed. Level difference of 6. EXP obtained increased by 600%. Obtained 12,000 EXP.

System: Level 15 Ferocious Evil Spirit killed. Level difference of 6. EXP obtained increased by 600%. Obtained 12,000 EXP.

System: Level 15 Ferocious Evil Spirit killed. Level difference of 6. EXP obtained increased by 600%. Obtained 12,000 EXP.

......

A series of notification appeared in Shi Feng’s sight. Immediately, Shi Feng’s experience bar rose to 54% of Level 9, pushing him closer to the Level 10 threshold.

Without the leadership of the Ferocious Evil Spirits, the instincts of the Cursed Evil Spirits towards flesh and blood immediately flared, all of them fervently squeezing through the entrance of the private house. However, Shi Feng quickly dealt with them using the Basic Frost Grenades, and the deaths of the Cursed Evil Spirits increasing his experience to 67% of Level 9.

In less than two hours, Shi Feng rose by more than two levels. Although his leveling speed was impressively quick, the money he spent to do so was equally astonishing. Such a method of leveling was only possible to a tycoon like Shi Feng. After all, each Basic Frost Grenade cost 1 Silver, 50 Coppers. Aside from the fact that Shi Feng had used over 400 Basic Frost Grenades, he also used three Intermediate Frost Grenades, which cost 10 Silver Coins each. All in all, Shi Feng spent over 6 Gold Coins to achieve such a leveling speed. If converted to Credits, that would be over 60,000 Credits spent on this endeavor.

In other words, each level cost Shi Feng over 30,000 Credits. Even the elite members of society could not afford such spending.

Following which, Shi Feng collected the drops from the monsters.

With the entire street of ghosts murdered by Shi Feng, it took him over half an hour to collect all the loot that dropped.

Making a rough calculation, Shi Feng discovered that he actually did not take a loss. Instead, he profited from this adventure of his.

Shi Feng picked up a total of 1 Gold, 32 Silvers. Amongst the loot, there were also over 3,000 Tiny Spirit Essences, more than ten skill books for various classes, tens of pieces of Level 12 and Level 13 Common Equipment, over twenty pieces of Level 10 and above Bronze Equipment, and two pieces of Level 15 Mysterious-Iron Equipment.

As for the two pieces of Mysterious-Iron Equipment, one was a Level 15 cloth shirt for mages, and the other was a Level 15 two-handed great ax. Between the two, the weapon was the most valuable.

The mage shirt could be sold for over 1 Gold Coin, while the great ax would sell for at least 2 Gold Coins. As for the Bronze Equipment, each piece would sell for at least 20 Silver Coins. Shi Feng’s profit was simply through the roof.

This place is so profitable. I’ll bring Blackie and the others to level up in the future. Shi Feng felt this was an optimal location. Not to mention the fact that he made a profit despite all the money he spent, his level also increased in a flash, killing two birds with one stone.

However, he still needed some time before making a decision. Right now, he needed to let the others slowly familiarize themselves with the battle methods in the newly-evolved God’s Domain. If they only depended on the Frost Grenades to level up, their techniques would never improve.

After clearing out the ghosts from the entire street, Shi Feng effortlessly arrived at the central plaza of the Hundred Ghost Town.

Although there were no longer any ghosts left on the street, the central plaza was still densely packed with even larger numbers than before.

Meanwhile, at the center of the plaza, a faint blue flame burned brightly above a fountain, giving off a deep blue glow. This flame was the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, and it was currently guarded by Ferocious Evil Spirits. Furthermore, there was a knight, clad in jet-black armor, standing among the Ferocious Evil Spirits. The knight carried a silver-colored greatsword on its back, and both its eyes gave off a green glow as it stood quietly by the side. All of the ghosts surrounding this knight treated it with respect, awaiting his command.

The nature of this knight was different than the other ghosts. Its entire body was just a skeleton covered in faint-blue flames. The heat given off by those flames caused the land around it to dry up and crack.

[Ghost Rider] (Chieftain Rank)

Level 15

HP 100,000/100,000

As expected, it is very strong. It’s no wonder Glorious Light lost several hundreds of their elite players after battling the Ghost Rider. Just by looking at it, Shi Feng knew it would be impossible for him to have a direct confrontation with the Ghost Rider.

Without several hundred elite players, it was an impossible task to kill the Ghost Rider. Moreover, there were also thousands of Cursed Evil Spirits and Ferocious Evil Spirits present.