Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 129 - Ice-Blue Devil Flame

“Wretched little rat, feel the wrath of the flames of hell!” the flames in the eye-sockets of the Ghost Rider were capable of seeing through all things, and when it saw the scroll within Shi Feng’s hand, it revealed a human-like disdainful expression.

Although the might of a Tier 2 magic was great, it was not enough to deal a heavy blow. Furthermore, how many Tier 2 Magic Scrolls could Shi Feng possibly possess?

If the other players knew the Ghost Rider’s thoughts, they would definitely not think the Ghost Rider was an NPC, but an actual player. However, after the evolution of God’s Domain, the intellect of these high ranking monsters was simply that high.

At this moment, the faint blue flames surrounding the Ghost Rider all disappeared. The flames had all gathered on the White Bone Greatsword, boosting the flames by ten-fold.

“All living beings must die!” the Ghost Rider bellowed.

The berserk roar resounded throughout the entire central plaza as the Ghost Rider abruptly threw the White Bone Greatsword in its hand.

The instant the White Bone Greatsword left the Ghost Rider’s hands, it transformed into a faint blue-colored flame serpent. The flame serpent was over ten meters in length, and if coiled into a bundle, it would look like a small building. The serpent spread open its mouth, biting towards Shi Feng.

As the ferocious flame serpent grew closer and closer...

Shi Feng still had yet to activate the final Tier 2 Magic Scroll in his hand.

This magic scroll was different from the other magic scrolls in that it needed some time to take effect after being activated.

Hurry! Please hurry!

Hurry, dammit!

As the flame serpent flew closer and closer, Shi Feng started panicking. However, the activation bar still increased slowly as always.

Just as the flame serpent’s widened mouth was about to devour Shi Feng, the activation bar finished loading.

System: A Mysterious-Iron Ranked Weapon or above is needed to be sacrificed. Confirm to sacrifice?

Without hesitation, Shi Feng chose to sacrifice. As for the sacrificed weapon, it was the Crimson Blade he held in his hand. At this moment, the Crimson Blade had already reduced to just scrap metal, and it would be meaningless for Shi Feng to continue holding onto it.

In the blink of an eye, the Crimson Blade in his hand released a bright golden glow, illuminating the entire central plaza. At the same time, with Shi Feng as the focal point, a large golden magic circle appeared. The magic circle then ascended to the skies at high speeds.

When the golden glow shone upon the flame serpent, it wailed in agony.

Following which, the Crimson Blade transformed into a stream of light, shooting up to the air. In the next instant, the stream of light transformed into thousands of Holy Swords of Light. The holy swords rained down from the sky, forming a holy domain in a 30-yard radius around Shi Feng.

The flame serpent, which was inside the domain, was immediately pinned down by tens of holy swords, its body unable to move even an inch. The flame serpent released an unwilling roar.

Made it at the last second... Shi Feng released a sigh as he looked at the thousands of holy swords surrounding him. The holy swords even encompassed the fountain as well. Immediately, Shi Feng started retrieving the Ice-Blue Devil Flame.

This golden magic scroll was the most powerful Tier 2 lifesaving Magic Scroll Shi Feng possessed, the Holy Sword Seal.

When used, all attacks within a 30-yard radius would be blocked, while all enemies within the affected area would be suppressed, preventing them from moving even an inch. However, the user would be unable to attack any of the enemies, and any outside enemies and attacks could not enter the holy domain. The duration of the holy domain was 36 seconds.

Due to these effects, the Holy Sword Seal was considered the strongest defensive scroll amongst all Tier 2 Magic Scrolls.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng only needed around 5 seconds to collect the Ice-Blue Devil Flame. In addition to the cast time of the Return Scroll, which needed 30 seconds, the total time was just about right.

The Ghost Rider outside of the holy barrier instantly entered a violent fury. It pulled out a White Bone Great Ax, swinging it at the holy barrier repeatedly like a god of death. Unfortunately, all its efforts yielded no results.

The Holy Sword Seal was the strongest defensive skill amongst all Tier 2 skills. Not to mention a Level 15 Chieftain’s attacks, even if it were a normal Tier 3 skill, it could not easily destroy the holy barrier.

Very quickly, Shi Feng finished retrieving the scorching hot Tier 2 Mysterious Flame, the Ice-Blue Devil Flame. Though his heart was currently filled with extreme excitement, he suppressed it and activated Defensive Blade. He then started the chant for the Return Scroll.

“Despicable little rat, I will definitely make you suffer a living hell!” Seeing that Shi Feng had already retrieved the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, the Ghost Rider suddenly went berserk. The faint blue flames covering its body flared up several times greater than before, and it swung its White Bone Great Ax to the ground with all its might.

Boom! The entire central plaza started quivering. The ground of the plaza cracked apart, spitting out tens of pillars of flames, sending countless debris flying.

Only now was Shi Feng fully aware of how powerful the Ghost Rider was. The previous exchanges they had were not even a warm-up for the Ghost Rider. Fortunately, Shi Feng had the strongest Tier 2 defensive skill on his side. If it were only a Tier 1 defensive scroll, it could not have fended off the Ghost Rider at all.

Time flowed past, little by little. Though the Ghost Rider poured out attacks on the holy barrier like a madman, fortunately, none of them made any actual difference.

The Ghost Rider could only watch as Shi Feng completed the chant for the Return Scroll.

With only 2 seconds remaining for the chant to finish, the Holy Sword Shield’s duration ended. At this moment, the Ghost Rider revealed a sinister smile as it dashed forward two steps, instantly arriving before Shi Feng. With its ax raised, the Ghost Rider struck down at Shi Feng.

Peng! The ax was unable to advance any further when it was several centimeters away from Shi Feng’s body.

Shi Feng was shocked into a cold sweat. The Ghost Rider’s speed was just too fast after becoming berserk. Even he could only barely see it move. Fortunately, he had activated Defensive Blade beforehand.

The Level 2 Defensive Blade could completely resist 4 melee attacks or 7 ranged attacks. Now that the skill blocked one attack, only three more blocks remained.

Seeing that its attack did nothing, the flame in the Ghost Rider’s eye-sockets congealed slightly. It then started madly attacking Shi Feng.

Second strike!

Third strike!

Fourth strike!

Very quickly, all three of Shi Feng’s remaining blocks were used up. The Ghost Rider then abruptly did a Horizontal Slash, intending to bisect Shi Feng in half.

At the moment of life and death, Shi Feng finished the Return Scroll’s chant a step ahead. He then transformed into a white glow, vanishing.

The White Bone Ax only managed to slice the white glow in half, but not Shi Feng.

“Aooo!”

The Ghost Rider was incomparably furious. The Ice-Blue Devil Flame was its most valuable treasure. The reason it could turn from a Cursed Apparition into a Ghost Rider was all due to the Ice-Blue Devil Flame. As long as it had another half a year, it could once more evolve and become a Lord. With a Lord’s strength, it could launch attacks at the living beings in the nearby Towns, slowly strengthening its army of ghosts. Now, however, the Ice-Blue Devil Flame was snatched away by a wretched little rat right before his eyes. So, just how was he supposed to not become angry? 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

After returning to Red Leaf Town, Shi Feng could not help but wipe away the cold sweat from his forehead.

If he were slower by even a millisecond, he would have definitely died. At that time, not only would he have wasted two Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, he would also need to wait a very long period before he could attempt to obtain the Ice-Blue Devil Flame again.

However, now that he had collected the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, everything returned to his control.

As for a high ranking Chieftain monster like the Ghost Rider, it was without a doubt a walking treasure trove. If Shi Feng were to kill it off, he wondered just how many good items would drop.

Before he went to the Hundred Ghost Forest, he once considered forming his own team in the future in order to raid the Ghost Rider. However, after meeting it, Shi Feng decided that it would be too troublesome to deal with the Ghost Rider. It would be much better if he just sold the information about the Ghost Rider. For example, he could sell the information to Gentle Snow or Stabbing Heart. After all, large Guilds all loved to hunt for Elite monsters in the wild, not to mention a Chieftain ranked monster. Every Chieftain ranked monster possessed a great sum of riches. Moreover, only these large Guilds could gather hundreds of players in Red Leaf Town within a short amount of time. When they reached White River City, gathering even thousands of players would not be a problem.

There would be no problems if thousands of players were used to deal with the Ghost Rider. Only, the losses in doing so would be somewhat heavy. However, with the information provided by Shi Feng, raiding the Ghost Rider would become much easier.

Just as Shi Feng was about to go to the Forging Association to take a look at the Ice-Blue Devil Flame’s Attributes, he discovered that many players in Red Leaf Town were currently discussing a single matter.

“Did you hear? Martial Union has already released an announcement that they will reward 10,000 Credits to whoever kills Ye Feng once. There is also a reward of 1,000 Credits for killing Ye Feng’s teammates. The person who provides accurate information on Ye Feng’s whereabouts will also receive 2 Silver Coins as a reward. With this, Martial Union truly intends to start a blood feud with Ye Feng!”

“I’ve heard about it already. The topic has long since blown up in the official forums. Right now, there are plenty of players searching around. Even if they can’t kill that expert called Ye Feng, they could still kill one of his teammates. A thousand Credits per kill, this isn’t a small number. This time, that expert called Ye Feng will not have an easy time mingling in Red Leaf Town.”