Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 131 - Owning a Mysterious Flame

Shortly after Shi Feng published the post, many players replied to it.

No way! Such a high bounty! It would be great if I had chosen to start at Red Leaf Town!

One Silver Coin just for the regular members... that’s already an entire day’s worth of my earnings. If I strive hard an entire day, I could kill at least seven or eight of them, which would be seven or eight hundred Credits. If I continued hunting for an entire month, the amount I can earn would be several times higher than my normal salary!

Could it be a scam? Wasn’t that Ye Feng an expert in dire straits? Where did he get so much money?

The commenter above is right! This is definitely a scam. This Ye Feng is just trying to make a name for himself and win the pity of the masses, tricking us into opposing Martial Union.

There were many players who voiced out their own varying opinions. Some supported Shi Feng, while some felt disgusted with him. A large number of players cursed at Shi Feng, and an even greater number refused to believe that Shi Feng possessed that much money. After all, making a rough calculation, just killing all the members of Martial Union in Red Leaf Town once would cost a lot, not to mention killing them several times. Even a normal tycoon would not dare carry out such an action, much less a poor expert in dire straits.

I am Stabbing Heart of Assassin’s Alliance. I am in full support of Brother Ye Feng, and I can guarantee that everything Brother Ye Feng has said is the truth. If you aren’t able to cash in your bounties from him, you can collect them from me instead.

Just when everyone determined Shi Feng was a scammer, Stabbing Heart’s abrupt reply sent a tremor through the forums once more.

Although Ye Feng was famous, when compared to a large Guild, his prestige was still sorely lacking.

On the other hand, the words Stabbing Heart from the Assassin’s Alliance had written were wholly different. Ignoring the fact that the Assassin’s Alliance was a second-rate Guild, possessing a member count in the tens of thousands, just the dozen years or so fame they had accumulated from other virtual reality games was strongly persuasive.

Wow! The Assassin’s Alliance’s Stabbing Heart has appeared! Please let me join the Assassin’s Alliance!

Even Stabbing Heart has already shown himself, so the bounty must be real! This time, the players of Red Leaf Town are going to make a fortune!

Not long after Stabbing Heart’s appearance, another reply appeared which instantly caused the number of views on Shi Feng’s post to multiply by tens.

Ye Feng is my friend. I can guarantee his credibility. If there are any problems, you can find me to deal with them.

The reply, indeed, belonged to the Snow Goddess, Gentle Snow, herself. Moreover, she was willing to make assurances for Shi Feng. Those who cursed at Shi Feng previously immediately shut up after her reply, because if they did not, the Snow Goddess’ fans might pummel them into meat paste.

Ye Feng, you are my idol! Please take me in as your disciple! I’m willing to do anything you ask! I guarantee it!

Big Brother Ye Feng, do you have a girlfriend? Little sister is 18-years-old, has a beautiful appearance, a sexy body, and wishes to become big brother’s girlfriend! I can give birth to a bunch of little monkeys for big brother!

Looking at Gentle Snow’s reply, everyone immediately thought Shi Feng was just too awesome. He had received the support of Stabbing Heart of Assassin’s Alliance and the Snow Goddess of Ouroboros. This was not a treatment any ordinary expert would receive. Now that God’s Domain was so popular, Shi Feng’s future would be limitless.

Slum Area, The Enchanted Bar:

“Boss Ironsword, this is not good! Ye Feng placed a bounty on our heads!” an Assassin suddenly rushed into the private room.

Currently, Ironsword Lion happily drank away, his face flushed red. He did not think the alcohol in a virtual world could get a person get drunk. The alcohol had such a rich and mellow taste. Compared to the alcohol available in the real world, what he drank right now was much better. It was no wonder those players that tread on the path of darkness all loved to hang around in this place.

At this moment, the person who rushed into the room shouting had immediately interrupting Ironsword Lion from enjoying his drink. Annoyed, he said, “Why are you shouting? It’s not like the sky is falling. Which son of a bitch was it that placed a bounty on me? Let’s see if I don’t hack him into pieces.”

“Boss, I heard it was that Ye Feng who placed the bounty on us,” Drifting Blood said in a daze.

“Ye Feng? With him alone, he wants to place a bounty on us, Martial Union? Who would even believe his words?” Ironsword Lion laughed in contempt, swallowing another mouthful of Old Tom Gin. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Boss Ironsword, it’s true! If you don’t believe it, take a look at Ye Feng’s post. Right now, views on it have exceeded one million already,” the Assassin helplessly said.

Originally, he did not believe that an independent player would dare place a bounty on a large Guild, either. Anyone who dared would just be digging their own graves. Without great enmity against a Guild, no one would not carry out such an action. Such an action was a major threat to the reputation of a Guild, and they would definitely not let off any players who dared provoke them. If they did not kill the player until he quit the game, they would not let the matter rest.

However, reality told him otherwise, as such an incident had truly occurred.

Ironsword Lion still did not believe his subordinate’s words. To place a bounty on the members of Martial Union, was this Ye Feng seeking death? Hence, Ironsword Lion checked out the official forums.

Immediately, Ironsword Lion was dumbfounded.

Ye Feng actually dared place a bounty on all of Martial Union! He really intended to fight until one side was gone!

However, Ironsword Lion had forgotten that he was the one who first placed a bounty on Ye Feng. He had already forgotten his own declaration to fight until one of them was obliterated.

After taking a closer look at the contents of the post, Ironsword Lion was truly shocked. Those who originally called Ye Feng a scammer had all shut their mouths now, and they all itched to slaughter the members of Martial Union. It was like they discussed competing over vegetables on the forum.

When Ironsword Lion saw the price tag of his own bounty, he nearly exploded with anger. He had spent a million Credits to hire Absolute Heaven to assassinate Ye Feng, and the bounty of 10,000 Credits he publicly declared was just for entertainment. He was not hoping that someone would kill Ye Feng at all; his main goal was to kill Ye Feng’s teammates.

Now, however, Shi Feng had tagged him with a bounty of 5,000 Credits. In doing so, wasn’t Ye Feng stating that he was far from being his equal?

The most unbelievable thing was that Stabbing Heart and Gentle Snow had also stood out to show their support for Ye Feng.

Ironsword Lion simply could not understand this situation. The bounty he placed was only on Ye Feng, yet, why did these fellows mind other people’s business? Gentle Snow was one thing, but why had Stabbing Heart appeared as well? He and the Assassin’s Alliance had always minded their own business, and he had never provoked the Assassin’s Alliance before. So, why was Stabbing Heart showing his support to Ye Feng?

“Good! Good! Good!” Ironsword Lion repeatedly said. His anger jerked him out of his drunken stupor, his expression turning extremely sinister as he coldly said, “Since he wants to play, then I’ll play! Immediately place a bounty on anyone with the guts to kill any of our members! Also, increase the bounty on Shi Feng’s teammates to 2,000 Credits per person. I want to see just who can tempt these players.”

“Tell the ones below to be careful of their actions and form parties when they go out leveling.”

“Yes.”

After Ironsword Lion finished giving out his instructions, the Assassin turned and left. Following which, Ironsword Lion initiated contact with Absolute Heaven. He wanted Absolute Heaven to take action a little sooner, killing Ye Feng to absolve him of this anger.

Elsewhere, Shi Feng had rented an Intermediate Forging Room in the Forging Association.

Now that the Ice-Blue Devil Flame was in his hands, Shi Feng was prepared to use this time to train his Forging, placing all his effort into making the Silver Dawn and other equipment.

Shi Feng walked to the furnace, canceling the Tier 1 Mysterious Flame provided by the Intermediate Forging Room. He then took out a dark blue flame from his bag. This dark blue flame was just like a flame sprite, joyfully jumping about in Shi Feng’s palm. Furthermore, the flame gave off a scorching heat, causing the temperature in the room to rise quickly.

System: Do you wish to bind the Ice-Blue Devil Flame as your personal Mysterious Flame?

“Bind? Don’t tell me that I can only use it after it’s bound?” Shi Feng did not know why, but although he held the Ice-Blue Devil Flame in his hand, he was unable to glean any information about it.

Even a Tier 1 Mysterious Flame was extremely rare throughout God’s Domain. In his previous life, he had never come into contact with a Mysterious Flame, and this was his first time learning that the flame needed to be bound before use.

He recalled that the Mysterious Flame could be placed in the Forging Room of the Guild. That way, all Guild members were able to use it while not being able to take it away. So, just why was this Mysterious Flame a bound item?

Shi Feng stopped caring about the details. He immediately chose to bind the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, intending to learn its effects.