Chapter 136 - Resonant Sword

Gale Valley was quite far from Red Leaf Town. For the sake of speed, Shi Feng used a Speed Scroll without hesitation.

Instantly, Shi Feng’s speed soared, his body leaving behind afterimages as he ran.

“Crap! Who’s that? How can he be so quick? Is he hacking?”

“How could that be? This is God’s Domain... However, that is truly fast. Before I could get a clear look at him, he was already gone. That person must be an Assassin who went full Agility with all his speed-increasing skills activated.”

The players who saw Shi Feng running were all shocked by his wind-like speed. He was no slower than a sports car.

Ever since Shi Feng reached Level 10 and equipped his new weapon, the Silver Lake, his battle prowess was at least double that of at Level 9.

Moreover, after players reached Level 10, all Attributes increased by 10 points and HP by 100 points. Due to this increase, there was a large gap between Level 9 and Level 10 players.

However, compared to the average Level 10 player, Shi Feng’s Attributes were much higher. The Ice-Blue Devil Flame alone had greatly increased Shi Feng’s Attributes, not to mention the Magic Weapon, Abyssal Blade, and the Fine-Gold Weapon, Silver Lake. Furthermore, Shi Feng possessed the complete Silvermoon Set Equipment, coupled with a few independent pieces of Secret-Silver Equipment. He also had the title, Might of a Thousand, currently equipped.

Shi Feng’s Strength alone reached 93 points. It was absolutely an unreachable amount to the average player. Moreover, Shi Feng’s Agility had broken through the 100-point threshold, activating the Intermediate Agility Hidden Passive Skill.

Like the Wind.

It was renowned as a godly skill for battling in the open. With this new passive skill, players’ Movement Speed increased by 15%, Attack Speed increased by 5%, and the shrubs and brambles of roads and forests would no longer affect him. Simultaneously, consumption of Stamina had slightly reduced, greatly improving a player’s survivability and ability in battle.

Originally, Shi Feng needed to travel for about two hours to reach Gale Valley. However, with this new passive skill, it took Shi Feng less than an hour to arrive.

The outer region of Gale Valley was a Level 8 area, while its inner regions were Level 9. Not only was there a large number of monsters in Gale Valley, but the monsters here also traveled in groups. Without a certain amount of strength, one could only seek death by coming to this place. Right now, only a small minority of players dared come here to level up.

The Gale Valley was long and narrow. If over 500 players were present, they could perform an inch-by-inch search as they advanced. However, based on the information Blackie provided, Martial Union had only sent around 200 players. It was not enough to create a perfect encirclement of the area, and it would not be easy for them to locate Blackie and Lonely Snow.

Moreover, if these 200 or so players wished to locate Blackie, they would have to spread out and form search parties.

In regards to jungle battles such as this, Shi Feng had experienced plenty in the past. In his previous life, he had done battle with many second-rate Guilds, and even first-rate Guilds, in forested areas. Although the players involved numbered in the tens of thousands, he still bloodily massacred his enemies. It could be said that Shi Feng was most familiar with these types of battles. For the players who had only recently experienced the evolution of God’s Domain, however, their experiences of such warfare was nil.

As expected, there is a sentry here.

Before arriving at the entrance of Gale Valley, Shi Feng had altered his appearance.

After entering Gale Valley, with his extraordinary five senses, Shi Feng immediately discovered the four Level 6 Assassins hidden around the valley’s entrance.

These Assassins were all scouts of Martial Union specialized in investigation. They were currently tasked to report back all the players who entered the Gale Valley, determining whether or not said players were here as the enemy’s backup. With this information, they could allow their members to prepare beforehand and set up an ambush. Unfortunately, Shi Feng had long since guessed this, hence his alteration of his appearance before entering the Gale Valley. Even if the experts of Martial Union knew that someone had entered the Gale Valley, they would not know it was Shi Feng. They would only see him as an independent player, here to level up, and they would not be wary of him.

Shi Feng paid no heed to these Assassins. Instead, he went deeper into the Gale Valley.

Based on Shi Feng’s strength alone, it would be extremely easy for Shi Feng to kill these four Level 6 Assassins. However, he would not. Doing so would only alert the enemy of his presence. If he caused the members of Martial Union to become vigilant, he could not achieve the greatest effect when he ambushed them later on.

“Boss Unstable, there’s a player entering the Gale Valley. However, he’s not the target, Ye Feng,” one of the Assassins on guard at the valley’s entrance reported.

“Got it; you guys stay on guard there. As long as Ye Feng enters the Gale Valley, immediately report it to me. Also, remember to tail him, and do not let him discover any of you. As long as you all do a good job, you will be members of the Guild’s elite team in the future,” the player called Unstable commanded seriously.

“Yes!”

After finishing his report, the Assassin grew extremely excited. He became much more serious as he silently awaited by the entrance for Ye Feng. However, he did not know that the person he mentioned had long since entered the Gale Valley.

After Shi Feng entered the Gale Valley, he constantly advanced, through the treetops. He utilized his heightened vision to observe the surrounding situation, making accurate decisions.

En, someone’s here.

Very quickly, Shi Feng detected sounds of battle from the forest a short distance ahead. Moreover, it did not seem like a small battle.

Immediately, Shi Feng stealthily closed in on the origin of the sounds, intending to discover more about the situation. If it were only a battle between players and monsters, there would not be so much movement. Moreover, the closer Shi Feng was, the clearer the sounds of metal clashing against metal and the ear-piercing screech of blades and swords interweaving with each other.

Could they have discovered Blackie? Shi Feng shook his head, feeling that the possibility was extremely low. Previously, when Blackie contacted him, Blackie stayed in the Level 9 inner regions of Gale Valley. Meanwhile, this was the Level 8 area of Gale Valley, and there was no way Martial Union had encountered Blackie.

When Shi Feng leaped up to one of the trees closest to the scene of the battle, he discovered that it was indeed a conflict between players. Moreover, the battle was very intense.

The weaker of the two parties only had six players remaining, and they did not even have a healer. Meanwhile, the players bearing the Guild Emblem of Martial Union were still considerably strong; they had a total of 18 players remaining, with three of which were healers. Amongst the healers, two were Level 7 Clerics, while one was a Level 8 Druid. They all wore matching Bronze Set Equipment mixed with a few pieces of Mysterious-Iron Equipment. The rest of the players also had relatively good equipment, and the lowest leveled among them was a Level 7 player possessing a complete set of Bronze Equipment. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

These 18 players were elite members of Martial Union. If they were not elites, they would not possess such levels and equipment. They looked even stronger than the elites Shi Feng had faced off with before.

Since when did Martial Union possess so many elites? Shi Feng was slightly puzzled.

Logically, Martial Union should have long since been crippled after dying so many times. So, how did so many elites suddenly appear? Moreover, every one of them possessed good equipment, and compared to Martial Union at its peak, they were much stronger. In Red Leaf Town, their power could rival that of a third-rate Guild. It was truly an unfathomable situation.

“Little girl, don’t even think of escaping this time. Just obediently wait for your deaths!” the commanding team leader from Martial Union sneered as he looked at the female Assassin possessing a sexy body.

Looking at the hot female Assassin, she had an attractive oval face, slender eyebrows, and eyes as clear as water. The girl was very beautiful, like a dazzling pearl or fluorescent jade, and beneath her appearance, she hid a faint lovely tenderness.

“Aren’t you thinking too highly of yourselves? You want me to stay put and let you kill me? Dream on. Even if I die, I’ll take you guys with me,” the provocative-looking girl glanced at the Swordsman team leader, the corners of her lips curling up slightly as she said disdainfully.

“Sister Fire Dance, you should leave! Let us hold them off for you. If we continue dragging this on, none of us will get away. Don’t forget; we are now Red Players, and the death penalty is extremely severe. At the very least, we would lose two levels and three or four pieces of equipment,” the Berserker beside the girl softly suggested.

Although the Berserker spoke in a very soft tone, Shi Feng, who possessed extraordinary five senses, managed to hear him clearly.

Fire Dance?

It was no wonder Shi Feng thought that the female Assassin looked familiar. It turned out that she was Fire Dance, the female Assassin who ranked at number one for killing the members of Martial Union.

It seems that I have to lend some help this time. Shi Feng faintly smiled as he stood on the branch.

Even if he were not familiar with Fire Dance, he would still lend her some help. The reason he came here was to kill everyone from Martial Union, creating rivers of blood. He wanted to teach the players from Martial Union what the rage of an independent player truly meant.

At this moment, the Swordsman team leader laughed loudly, saying, “Do you think you can still escape? The moment we discovered you, we called for all our comrades to hurry over. We have long since surrounded this place. If you can still manage to escape, I’ll eat this greatsword of mine.”