Chapter 157 - Battle Prowess Dramatically Rises

The appearance of the black dragon instantly sent Blackie and Lonely Snow into shock.

Just standing on the ground and feeling the roar that rang through the skies was enough to cause one to tremble with fear. As for the flames surrounding the black dragon, the temperature it radiated increased the temperature throughout Star River Valley by more than ten degrees.

The black dragon had thoroughly frightened them stiff.

The black dragon glanced at its surroundings, its sight stopping on Faust momentarily before shifting to Shi Feng.

“It isn’t trying to kill me, right?” this was the first time Shi Feng had personally witnessed a dragon.

In God’s Domain, dragons were the symbol of power and destruction. It was obvious just how terrifying dragons were. Not to mention, the dragon before him right now was a king amongst dragons, the Black Dragon King.

“Young man, relax. It died long ago, and this is merely a phantom of its past. It cannot hurt anybody at all. It has only materialized itself now because you allowed the Magic Weapon to devour and obtain new power,” Faust could see the worry in Shi Feng’s eyes; hence, he explained with a smile.

As expected, the Black Dragon King before Shi Feng simply stared him, taking no other actions.

However, even if it were just a phantom, it was still enough to frighten a person greatly.

If the actual body of the Black Dragon King were here right now, it might have instantly turned the entire Star River Valley into a sea of flames, a living hell. Shi Feng and the others would not have remained standing there, safe and sound.

After a moment, the shadow of the Black Dragon King dissipated, turning into black flames as it returned into the Abyssal Blade.

Immediately, the Abyssal Blade began its transformation. Unknown silver-colored runes suddenly appeared on the pitch-black blade in Shi Feng’s hand. The Abyssal Blade itself gave off a faint illusion of being surrounded by black flames. There was also a dragon coiling around the hilt of the sword now. A single glance was enough to tell that the Abyssal Blade was no ordinary item.

Is this the new power of the Abyssal Blade? As Shi Feng held the Abyssal Blade, he felt the misconception of two minds connecting with each other.

It felt as if the Abyssal Blade were becoming another part of his body, and moving it was no different than stretching his own arm.

Aside from this misconception, the Attributes of the Abyssal Blade also underwent an earthshaking transformation.

[Abyssal Blade] (One-handed Sword, Magic Weapon)

Attack Power +96

All Attributes +22

Attack Speed +6

Ignore Levels +7

Attacks have a 30% chance of causing 200% damage; 10% chance to cause 300% damage; 20% chance to induce Doom Curse, reducing all Attributes by 40%, lasting 30 seconds.

If wielder belongs to any Swordsman Job, all Skill Levels +3. Increase Free Ability Points received by 2 points for every increase in Level.

Equipment Level 10. Can be leveled up. (Devour ten Level 15 Mysterious-Iron Equipment and one Level 15 Secret-Silver Equipment to level up to Level 15). Can be evolved (Unknown).

Additional Skill 1: Phantom Kill. Instantly creates a doppelganger. You can control this doppelganger. Doppelganger will have 50% of original body’s Attributes and all Skills. At the same time, doppelganger and the original body can be swapped. Duration of 40 seconds.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 2: Abyssal Bind. Binds enemies and prevents movement, reducing Defense by 100%. Duration of 3 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 minute

Additional Skill 3: Nine Dragons Slash. Instantly create nine phantoms of the Abyssal Blade for the wielder’s use; each phantom sword is capable of dealing up to 30% damage. Duration of 28 seconds.

Cooldown: 5 minutes.

Additional Skill 4: Dark Violent Dance. 40% of the total damage dealt spreads in a cone-shaped area towards targets within a distance of 12 yards for 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 minute

The Abyssal Blade was personally created by master smith Olysses using the Black Dragon King’s fangs as material. It is one of thirty-six famed swords, and it is ranked 31st. However, this sword has been cursed by the Black Dragon King. Aside from providing the wielder with immense strength, there will be a Backlash every period of time. However, after being remodeled by Jack using a Star Crystal, the strength of the Backlash has been greatly reduced. If the wielder is unable to suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the curse of the Black Dragon King, permanently reducing All Attributes by 50%.

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

It looks like, if the Abyssal Blade devours better quality weapons, the resulting improvements are also greater. Shi Feng was extremely satisfied by the Abyssal Blade’s improvements.

Right now, the Abyssal Blade’s Attack Power has reached the standard of a Level 10 Dark-Gold ranked two-handed weapon, not to mention its frightening Attributes. Just the chances of causing a double-damage critical hit increasing to 30% was a frightening improvement, not to mention the chances of inflicting the Doom Curse increasing to 20%. As long as the target was cursed, all their Attributes would be reduced by 40%. It was a fatal power. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

“Let’s test out the new power,” Shi Feng tightened his grip on the Abyssal Blade as he looked towards the thousands of Golden Fish swimming in the silver river. “The Heavenly Dragon’s Breath will definitely be mine.”

“Young man, you are still better off giving up. Although you have greatly increased your weapon’s prowess, it is still impossible for you to obtain the Fragmented Legendary ranked item,” Faust said with a smile.

It was not that he looked down on Shi Feng; rather, he was extremely clear about the difficulty of the challenge he had set. If Shi Feng reached Level 20 right now and possessed a complete set of Level 20 Fine-Gold Set Equipment, in addition to a Level 20 Magic Weapon, he would then have a chance of completing this quest. However, it was clear that Shi Feng had yet to reach such a standard. Moreover, he was still far from achieving it. On the other hand, there was a great possibility that he could earn an Epic ranked item now.

“What if I used this?” Shi Feng suddenly took out the Freezing Shadow he previously obtained.

[Freezing Shadow] (Dart-type Consumable Item)

Usage count: 10,000/10,000

Causes 120% frost damage towards a target. Only effective towards enemies that are Level 30 and below.

No Cooldown.

At a glance, even Blackie and Lonely Shadow, who were familiar with Shi Feng, might not understand this item.

The Freezing Shadow darts could only attack a single target at a time. Compared to using a skill to cause damage, it was much weaker, so how could it possibly reach the target of 1,000 Golden Fish?

Faust could not help but shake his head, silent as he turned back to his fishing.

“Blackie, Lonely Snow, come over here and help me capture the Golden Fish,” Shi Feng flew up to the silver river as he spoke to his companions.

Although the two did not know what Shi Feng was trying to do, they still chose to trust him unconditionally.

“Let’s start, then.”

After the two of them made their preparations to capture the Golden Fish with the magical net, Shi Feng also finished his own preparations. Immediately after Shi Feng activated the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, he rushed towards the group of fish with the Abyssal Blade in one hand and the Freezing Shadow in the other.

Shi Feng then slashed the Abyssal Blade towards the spot with the highest concentration of Golden Fish.

Thundering Flash!

Instantly, three electric arcs weaved across over twenty Golden Fish, inflicting frightening damages of -1846, -2389, and -3201. There were also some Golden Fish that received critical hits, doubling the damage they received to -3692, -4778, and -6402. There were even some that felt the Doom Curse upon them, immediately reducing their Attributes by 40% and their maximum HP to 60,000 points.

Earth Splitter!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

After the three massive AOE skills, every Golden Fish Shi Feng struck lost at least 20,000 HP. The ones that received critical strikes lost over 30,000 HP, while those that received the Doom Curse instantly lost close to half of their HP.

Seeing these damages, Blackie and Lonely Snow were both dumbfounded. They even thought that they were dreaming.

“Scatter and go, Dark Violent Dance!” after using the three massive AOE skills, he wielded the Freezing Shadow as he activated the Dark Violent Dance.

Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!

Instantly, more than ten Freezing Shadow darts pierced the Golden Fish inflicted with the Doom Curse. Every dart caused over -1,700 damage. Simultaneously, the damage spread effect of the Dark Violent Dance caused over -600 damage to each of the surrounding Golden Fish.

In the blink of an eye, over a hundred Golden Fish had their HP reduced.

Unlike the Frost Grenades, the Freezing Shadows did not have a Cooldown. The number of darts a player could toss out within a fixed period of time depended solely on their Attack Speed.

Due to the Attribute improvement of the Abyssal Blade, Shi Feng’s Attack Speed had become much faster. In addition to Faust’s buff, Shi Feng could easily throw out twenty Freezing Shadow darts simultaneously. However, in an attempt to pursue stability and accuracy, Shi Feng limited the number of darts he tossed out to 12 at a time.

Due to Shi Feng’s unrestrained damaging, the HP of the Golden Fish afflicted by the Doom Curse madly reduced. Very quickly, the 60,000 HP of these Golden Fish fell to a critical level, forcing them into a crippled state.