Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 17 - Magic Weapon Released, Famed Swordsman Born

“Brother Feng, can we really beat this Kobold Chieftain?” Blackie had not an ounce of confidence in him when he looked at the Kobold Chieftain. Ignoring its horrifying amount of HP, the giant ax on its back was enough to terrify someone. If Blackie were hit with that ax, he would definitely turn into meat paste within an instant.

“I don’t know.” Shi Feng shook his head. Plans can never keep up with change. There was not a single terrain within the mine that could be used. They could only fight the Kobold Chieftain head on if they wanted to kill it.

The Kobold Chieftain was the most powerful monster Shi Feng had met up with to this point.

If he had enough time, Shi Feng would come here when he was Level 5, with a full body of Bronze Equipment. He would have an eighty percent chance by then. However, there was little left of the time that Forging Master Jack gave him. If he wanted to finish the battle within the twenty minutes remaining, then he would need to send out a small party of Level 5 Elites to do so.

However, there were only two of them. Their equipment was also poor. Trying to kill the Kobold Chieftain within twenty minutes was utterly impossible.

However, there would be dire consequences if the Quest was not finished. There was only one chance to do this Hidden Quest. If it failed, Shi Feng would not be able to receive it ever again.

Thus, Shi Feng was even more unwilling to give up this Quest.

“I can only try it.” Shi Feng unwillingly took out the Magic Weapon, Abyssal Blade.

In his previous life, the number of Magic Weapons Shi Feng had personally witnessed could be counted on his fingers. Anybody who had seen a Magic Weapon’s power would be brought to submission by it. Whereas, those who could properly wield a Magic Weapon was as rare as a phoenix’s feather.

Crimson War God was one such person. He had grown to fame within a Guild War that had involved over 100,000 people. During that war, Crimson War God held a bloodied Magic Weapon, the Crimson Ghost Ax. He rushed into groups of thousands of warriors with the ax and slaughtered. There was no one who could block his giant ax. In the end, the enemy Guild was forced to retreat in embarrassment. Crimson War God had created the scene of one man defending against 10,000. After that war, he built up the glorious War God Empire.

There was also the ‘Madman’, Windchaser. He held the Magic Weapon, Evil Spirit’s Roar. With only the bow in hand, Windchaser had single-handedly defended a city. Of the thousands of enemy players, not one of them could enter within 100 yards of the city. Using a single arrow, Windchaser had even sniped Outstandingly Extraordinary, the Guild Leader of [Imposing Expert]. Outstandingly Extraordinary had been standing further than 100 yards from the city at that time.

As long as they were a Magic Weapon user, then they would be famous, top-tier experts in God’s Domain that were respected by all.

System: Do you wish to bind the Abyssal Blade?

Shi Feng sucked in a deep breath, choosing to bind. He did not care anymore about the Backlash of the Magic Weapon. Since those people could control the Magic Weapons, then how could he, as a reincarnated person, lose to those ‘newbies’ that had yet to grow up?

The moment the binding was finished, Shi Feng could clearly feel his entire body’s strength being sapped away. His levels, as well, dropped one after the other, becoming Level 0 within an instant. In another moment, however, a force of strength started flowing through his body. His body’s current constitution was even stronger than when he was Level 3.

When he checked the Abyssal Blade’ Attributes, Shi Feng became even more shocked.

[Abyssal Blade] (Magic Weapon, One-handed Sword)

Attack Power 24

All Attributes +10

Attack Speed +3

Ignore monster’s Level by 5. Attacks have a 15% chance to cause 2 x damage, 10% chance to induce Doom Curse, reducing all stats by 30%, lasting 20 seconds.

If wielder belongs to any Swordsman Job, all Skill Levels +2. Increase Free Ability Points received by 2 points for every increase in Level.

Equipment Level 0. Can be leveled up. (Devour ten Level 5 Bronze Equipment and one Level 5 Mysterious-Iron Equipment to level up to Level 5). Can be evolved (Unknown).

Additional Skill 1: Phantom Kill. Instantly creates a doppelganger. You can control this doppelganger. Doppelganger will have 50% of original body’s Attributes and all Skills. At the same time, Doppelganger and the original body can be swapped. Duration of 30 seconds.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 2: Abyssal Bind. Binds enemies and prevents movement, reducing Defense by 100%. Duration of 3 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 minute

Additional Skill 3: Nine Dragons Slash. Instantly create nine phantoms of the Abyssal Blade for the wielder to use, each phantom sword is capable of dealing up to 30% damage. Duration of 20 seconds.

Cooldown: 5 minutes.

The Abyssal Blade was personally created by Master Smith Olysses, using the Black Dragon King’s fangs as material. It is one of thirty-six famed swords, and it is ranked 31st. However, this sword has been cursed by the Black Dragon King. Aside from being able to provide the wielder with immense strength, there would be a Backlash after a certain period of time. If the wielder is unable to suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the curse of the Black Dragon King, permanently reducing All Attributes by 50%.

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

Seeing such Attributes and these many Additional Skills, the Abyssal Blade was no different than a God’s Weapon. However, there were still thirty-five of these Famed Swords, and the Abyssal Blade was just one of the lower ranked ones. It was hard to imagine what kind of sword the first ranked was.

“Brother Feng, please don’t scare me. How did you become Level 0?” Glancing at Shi Feng from the side, Blackie became shocked. It had already been troublesome just facing the Kobold Chieftain. Now that Shi Feng had fallen back to Level 0, how could they fight it?

“Relax. Use the Smoke Bombs to clear off the small mobs first. Leave the Kobold Chieftain to me.” Shi Feng called up the Attribute Panel, placing all 6 Free Attribute Points into Agility. His Agility had reached 20 points exactly, activating [Fast And Nimble]. Shi Feng was very eager to test his sword on the Kobold Chieftain.

Character: Ye Feng (Human)

Affiliated Kingdom: Star-Moon

Title: Might Of A Thousand

Job: Swordsman

Level: 0

HP: 460/460

Attack Power: 72

Defense: 4 Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Attack Speed: 10

Movement Speed: 8

Attributes: Strength 24, Agility 20, Endurance 22, Intelligence 13, Vitality 13

System: Strength has reached 20 points. Activating Hidden Basic Skill, [Smashing Fists]. Able to destroy Trash Weapons with bare hands.

System: Endurance has reached 20 points. Activating Hidden Basic Skill, [Robust Physique].

Along with the activation of the Hidden Basic Skills for Strength and Endurance, Shi Feng could now utilize the full potential of his current body. He was no longer a three-second hero.

Although he was Level 0, his current Attack Power and Attributes were far above that of when he was Level 3. His HP was even more awesome. It wasn’t any worse than a Level 5 Shield Warrior’s HP. Not to mention Shi Feng still had a bunch of high-level Skills. He could definitely fight it out with the Kobold Chieftain.

While Shi Feng was getting used to his body, Blackie had cleared all of the Kobolds in the surrounding areas, leaving behind only the Kobold Chieftain.

“Wait for me to pull aggro, then you can start madly attacking.” Shi Feng instructed. Taking a step forward, Shi Feng rushed towards the Kobold Chieftain.

Wind Blade!

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng had arrived in front of the Kobold Chieftain. The Kobold Chieftain had yet to react before two streaks of black light slashed at its neck. Suddenly, blood splashed from its neck, causing the Kobold Chieftain to scream in pain. Two frightening damages appeared above its head.

-63, -128...

The Kobold Chieftain finally reacted. However, just as it lifted its giant ax, another sword flash passed through an unprotected area of its body.

Chop!

Another -105 damage appeared on the Kobold Chieftain. The power of a Level 4 Chop was shocking.

When the giant ax landed on the ground, it created a large crater. However, Shi Feng had long since retreated and followed up by using a Level 4 Thundering Flash.

Three streaks of violent thunder passed through the Kobold Chieftain’s gigantic body, creating damages of -84, -101, -123.

Shi Feng had taken over 600 HP away from the Kobold Chieftain after just a single exchange. The might of the Famed Sword, the Abyssal Blade even shocked Shi Feng himself.

Blackie, who stood a distance away, was even more dumbfounded.