Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 163 - Mad Leveling

“This is...”

Shi Feng looked towards the sky, discovering that this magic circle was much more powerful than he imagined it to be.

Even a Tier 2 spell wasn’t as mighty as this. The magic circle actually shook the sky. This was definitely not something a Tier 2 spell was capable of.

Although Shi Feng did not know exactly how powerful the Stars of Light was, as long as its might surpassed that of a Tier 2 spell, it would be enough to deal with the rhinos chasing after him.

“Such a powerful magic power!” Blackie looked at the sky, towards the light element that madly gathered in the magic circle, with eyes filled with disbelief. This was the most powerful magic he had seen since he started playing God’s Domain.

As the magic circle in the sky gathered an endless amount of magic, the rhinos on the ground panicked. They started sieging Shi Feng desperately from all corners in an attempt to dispel the fear in their hearts.

As a result, Shi Feng had to deal with the simultaneous attacks from over a dozen Swamp Rhinos; the space available for him to evade was extremely limited. Fortunately, he had a physical damage reduction of 80%, and he could generate 5% of his HP every second. Faced with no chances of dodging the incoming attacks, Shi Feng abruptly leaped into the sky and activated the Ice-Blue Devil Flame. The clear-blue flame instantly covered his body, while the power of thunder and fire gathered around the Abyssal Blade.

Thunder Flame Explosion!

The moment the Abyssal Blade struck down, thunder and fire engulfed and devoured all the monsters within a 5-yard radius. Damages of -626 points appeared above the heads of the monsters, and there were even some rhinos who received critical strikes, succumbing to over -1,000 damage. All the rhinos Shi Feng’s attack struck fell into a fainted state, unable to move for 4 seconds.

The monsters surrounding Shi Feng in a fainted state formed a natural barrier, granting Shi Feng a short breather.

“Is it starting?” Shi Feng detected that the golden magic circle in the sky had finished gathering magic power. The magic circle then transformed into a shooting star, falling from the sky.

Before the shooting star collided with the ground, Shi Feng cast Thundering Flash at the Rhino Chieftain One-eye.

Unfortunately, the three streaks of thunder did not deal much damage to One-eye; all three attacks only caused around a total of -900 damage. However, Shi Feng’s aim was not its damage, but the additional 20% damage amplification effect. It would allow the Stars of Light to inflict massive amounts of damage to One-eye.

Finally, the golden shooting star reached the ground, landing in the center of the rhinos. An explosion occurred, and a blinding light devoured every inch of the large marsh.

From a high position, Blackie and Lonely Snow saw damages of over -1,000 points appearing above all the rhinos in the marsh. There were also plenty that received critical strikes, receiving over -2,000 damage. Furthermore, the rhinos close to the epicenter received damages of over -3,000 points, and some even received frightening damages of over -6,000 points.

A Level 20 Swamp Rhino only had 3,200 HP, while the Elite Twin-horned Rhinos had 17,500 HP. Even the Rhino Chieftain One-eye only had 50,000 HP; -3,000 damage was not a light injury.

“Ao!” One-eye was enraged. It immediately directed its furious gaze at Blackie.

It was not just the Rhino Chieftain One-eye. All the other rhinos also redirected their rage to Blackie, as the damages Blackie caused were simply too high. There were many Swamp Rhinos that instantly died from this single attack.

However, during the time these rhino monsters directed their angry gazes towards Blackie, a second golden-colored shooting star appeared in the sky. It, too, descended.

This time, the impact of the shooting star caused 10% more damage than the previous one. This attack wiped out all of the Level 20 Swamp Rhinos, and only the high-HP Elites and Chieftain One-eye remained alive. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, this was not the end. With every passing second, for a total of 15 seconds, a shooting star would appear and descend from the sky. Moreover, each shooting star would deal 10% more damage than the previous one. The Elite ranked Twin-horned Rhinos could only hold on until the fifth shooting star before dying out completely.

Meanwhile, Chieftain One-eye remained alive. Its angry gaze turned deadly as it glared at Blackie atop the high slope. Chieftain One-eye instantly went berserk, its Defense and Attack Power greatly increasing as it charged forth.

“I won’t let you go!” Shi Feng used Wind Blade and arrived in front of the Rhino Chieftain One-eye. He then stabbed the Abyssal Blade at it.

Abyssal Bind!

Nine abyssal chains instantly coiled around One-eye, preventing it from moving even an inch.

Following which, streak after streak of Stars of Light crashed down into the marsh. From the initial -3,000 damage, the damage had now accumulated up to over -7,000 damage. Rhino Chieftain One-eye’s 50,000 HP very quickly drained to 0. It then vanished within the blinding light, leaving behind a pile of items.

After the Stars of Light ended, the entire marsh fell deathly silent. All the monsters within had turned into ashes, leaving behind piles upon piles of items.

At the same time, golden lights surrounded the bodies of both Blackie and Lonely Snow. Within an instant, their levels jumped from Level 11 to a little beyond Level 13. Shi Feng had also risen to 92% of Level 13; only a thread away from Level 14.

“This...” Blackie looked at the staff in his hands, then looked at the marsh. He did not know how to express the emotions that filled his heart.

Not only had the Stars of Light kill the Level 20 Elite monsters, it even killed a Level 20 Special Elite. Its intense might far exceeded Blackie’s imagination.

Previously, they had enjoyed an extremely envious leveling speed. Now, however, it was no longer envious, but shocking.

They rose by two levels in just slightly over ten seconds. Moreover, they had risen from Level 11 to Level 13 and not from Level 1 to Level 3. Even elite players would have to grind for five or six days to obtain such a frightening amount of EXP. However, they achieved it in the blink of an eye.

“This is simply too formidable. If this skill is used in a team battle, no matter how powerful the enemy team was, they would still have to surrender,” Lonely Snow unconsciously shuddered as he spoke.

Only now did they truly understand why all those large Guilds were so desperate to obtain an Epic ranked item. Even if they had to sacrifice countless members, they would still willingly choose to overwhelm those powerful monsters with the lives of their people.

As long as they obtained an Epic ranked item, be it leveling up or securing high-level equipment, everything would become a lot easier. The current scene before Blackie and Lonely Snow was the perfect example.

Not to mention a Special Elite, the Stars of Light could inflict massive damage to even a Chieftain ranked field Boss.

This was definitely not a feat that a party, fully equipped with Secret-Silver Equipment, could achieve.

The aid rendered by an Epic ranked item to a Workshop’s development was simply immense. It far outstripped the usefulness of more than a hundred Secret-Silver ranked items.

The massacre the Stars of Light caused yielded Shi Feng’s group with plenty of Level 15 to Level 20 Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Equipment. There were also plenty of varying Gemstones. At the very least, the total value of all these items was 10 Gold Coins or more.

“It’s finally over.”

Shi Feng let loose a relieved breath. If it were not for the Stars of Light, he definitely could not contend with a Level 20 Special Elite that went berserk. However, he managed to verify the prowess of the Stars of Light personally. He could now send Blackie and the others to the Level 22 map, the Crystal Forest, to level up. The drop rate for Gemstones in the Crystal Forest was much higher than in the Moonlight Forest. Not only could they level up quickly, but they could also earn a lot of money and extremely precious Gemstones and Equipment. Moreover, it would be impossible for their enemies to locate Blackie and the others, killing three birds with one stone.

After the trio tidied up all the loot, Shi Feng intended to make a trip back to town to clear up his inventory.

“Leader, the situation you wanted me to investigate has already occurred. Several Guilds have started taking action. Should we start taking action now?” Cola, who was in Red Leaf Town, suddenly contacted Shi Feng, his face filled with excitement.

“Great! Just in time! I’ve waited a long time for this moment. Our Zero Wing Workshop should also start taking action now,” Shi Feng smiled brightly. “It’s about time we show off Zero Wing Workshop’s strength.”