Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 168 - God-ranked Expert

Ye Feng had previously killed over twenty players in a single move. The frightening damage that he dealt that was over -1,000 points completely shocked all of the surrounding onlookers, and now, Ye Feng had appeared right behind Unstable Devastation.

Unstable Devastation was both shocked and angered.

Indeed, he did not know how Ironsword Lion had died. However, the current Ye Feng was far more powerful than he imagined; Ye Feng’s strength exceeded his previous estimates. If he received an attack from Ye Feng right now, he would unquestioningly die. Unstable Devastation almost instinctively used one of his lifesaving skills. He dashed forth, unhindered, then leaped high into the air. He was currently immune to all restricting effects, and by the time he landed, he was already twenty yards from his original location.

Shi Feng merely smiled at Unstable Devastation’s reaction. With his current reaction speed and powerful Attributes, it would be an extremely easy task to destroy Unstable Devastation. Or, speaking from another perspective, Unstable Devastation had zero chances of retaliation.

However, since Unstable Devastation dared to make enemies with him, the Martial Union player needed to prepare to enter hell.

It would be too good of an ending if he allowed Unstable Devastation to die, just like that.

He wanted Unstable Devastation to feel despair in front of absolute strength and then die.

“Shield Warriors and Guardian Knights, block him! Elementalists, use Ice Spheres! Focus all attacks and eliminate him!” before Unstable Devastation even landed on the ground, he calmly gave out commands.

Reacting quickly, the Shield Warriors and Berserkers immediately used Charge at Shi Feng.

Seeing that more than ten warriors charged at Shi Feng and were about to stun him...

Shi Feng abruptly leaped up, the Abyssal Blade carrying with it the power of thunder and lightning as he landed.

Boom! 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A wave of thunder and fire devoured all of the warriors. Even the highest leveled Shield Warrior could not react in time and activate Shield Wall before Shi Feng’s Thunder Flame Explosion devoured him. The Shield Warrior received a critical hit of over -1,700 damage, dying instantly. However, even a normal hit of more than -800 damage was enough to critically slash a Level 9 Shield Warrior’s HP, not to mention the Berserkers with less HP and Defense. They all died in the blink of an eye, leaving behind a pile of equipment.

The remaining survivors were all Level 8 Shield Warriors. They were the fortunate ones, spared from a critical hit. However, even though they were alive, they suffered a Fainted state for 4 seconds.

When the players from Martial Union witnessed this scene, they all stared in shock.

Previously, it was no big deal when Shi Feng had instant-killed those crippled Level 5 to Level 6 players. However, the players he had just killed were no random Tom, Dick, or Harry. They were all Level 8 or Level 9 elites of Martial Union.

“Healers, quickly heal them! Ranged players, attack with everything you’ve got!” Only now was Unstable Devastation aware of how formidable Shi Feng was. His monster-like Attack Power could even instantly kill a Shield Warrior that boasted the highest Defense amongst all classes. No one present could defend against his attacks. Fortunately, they had the advantage of numbers. They could exhaust Shi Feng to death.

Immediately after several heals landed on a Shield Warrior, pulling his HP back up to half, another of Shi Feng’s slashes landed on the Shield Warrior’s HP. A huge damage of over -700 points appeared above the Shield Warrior’s head, his HP plummeting to zero; his body fell to the ground.

Following which, with every slash of his sword, Shi Feng culled the lives of the surviving Shield Warriors. Even if the Shield Warriors possessed the Defense of heavy armor and passive skills that reduced the damage they received, every one of Shi Feng’s casual attack caused around -300 damage. The healers could not maintain the Shield Warriors’ HPs at all. As for the Berserkers without heavy armor, a single sword strike dealt them over -400 damage.

Very quickly, the remaining Shield Warriors lay flat on the ground. At this moment, the Guardian Knights all activated Protection Blessing as they rushed forward. Meanwhile, the mages behind them shot out streak after streak of magic.

Fireballs and Ice Spheres flew at Shi Feng, one after another. Shi Feng activated Wind Steps, avoiding more than half of the ranged attacks. Immediately after, he rushed after Unstable Devastation.

Although Shi Feng dodged more than half of the spells, there were still a few occasional spells that hit him. However, the damage these spells dealt nearly dazzled the backline mages.

Even when blasting a Level 9 MT, skills such as the Flame Explosion and Great Fireball could deal over a hundred damage. However, none of them had actually dealt more than 20 damage to Shi Feng. The highest damage was only -15 points, while a majority of the spells only dealt single digits. To Shi Feng, who possessed over 1,500 HP, these spells simply tickled. Shi Feng’s automatic recovery alone regenerated 30 HP for him every five seconds. This indicated that, even if Shi Feng received the ice and flame magic attacks from a normal Level 7 or Level 8 Elementalist, Shi Feng would not die, even if he did nothing.

Shi Feng’s was currently Level 13, and these mages had no idea. Shi Feng also had 20 points in both fire-type and ice-type resistance. Even without the level suppression of four or more Levels, their damage to Shi Feng would not exceed forty points.

There were many mages on Martial Union’s side. However, their damages were too pitiful to watch. Standing behind Shi Feng, Drowsy Sloth and Violet Cloud merely used one heal each, and within an instant, Shi Feng’s HP was already back to full.

Faced with another wave of melee classes charging at him, Shi Feng activated Dark Violet Dance, using the 12-yard cone attack. Taking a step forward, Shi Feng instantly circled the Guardian Knights, and like a ferocious lion, he pounced on the other melee classes.

Before one of the Swordsman could even use Parry, Shi Feng’s sword sent him flying. The Swordsman died in mid-flight, dropping a piece of equipment as his body disappeared.

To Shi Feng, these Swordsmen and Assassins’ attempts to block him were meaningless. With a single Earth Splitter, more than ten players lost their lives. Shi Feng’s attacks were all one-hit kills. With over one hundred points in Strength, he could snap a Common Weapon in half with his bare hands. As for the current Shi Feng, who held the Abyssal Blade and Silver Lake in each hand, a simple slash from either weapon could easily send the Assassins and Swordsmen flying and greatly damage their weapons. For some who reacted slower and failed to block Shi Feng’s attacks, they died under a single slash. Not only did their defensive equipment’s durability greatly decrease, but they also dropped a level and lost a piece of equipment.

However, this was all; there was still the cleaving effect. Before the players behind could make sense of things, they lost close to half of their total HP, and in the next moment, even that remaining half vanished. As a result, a group of players lay dead on the ground after meeting their inexplicable demise.

Within a short five seconds, Martial Union lost over a dozen elite members and several dozen average members. Shi Feng was like the god of death that caused people’s hearts to shudder. Meanwhile, Unstable Devastation stood only several meters away from that frightening god of death. Shi Feng’s chilling gaze landed on Unstable Devastation, the intent he radiated sent a chill down the surrounding Martial Union players’ backs. Just looking into Shi Feng’s cold eyes caused them to retreat backward inadvertently.

“Everyone, block him for me!”

Even when bombarded with so many spells and sieged on all sides by so many players, Shi Feng still walked forth, step after step, leaving behind a massacre as he advanced. It was the first time Unstable Devastation felt such a deep-seated fear. To Unstable Devastation, Shi Feng was no longer a player, but a devil. There was also the tangible killing intent that surrounded Shi Feng. Although Unstable Devastation knew that this was only a game, the realistic effects of virtual reality caused Unstable Devastation to forget that this was just a virtual world completely. He had even forgotten how many elites of Martial Union had died and how grave losses were to Martial Union.

The only thing Unstable Devastation knew was that he was in an extremely dangerous situation. If he did not escape immediately, only death awaited him.

Immediately, Unstable Devastation activated a Speed Scroll. He then turned and ran.

Shi Feng simply smiled at Unstable Devastation attempt to escape. With a single Wind Blade, his sword pierced towards Unstable Devastation’s back.

Unstable Devastation spun around, firing an arrow from his bow in an attempt to hold Shi Feng back. However, he immediately discovered that Shi Feng was truly too frightening. Shi Feng’s pitch-black Abyssal Blade easily split the arrow, and in the blink of an eye, Shi Feng arrived in front of him. A silver glow pierced his heart, and immediately after, another black glow slashed across his neck. Unable to stop his HP from madly decreasing, his HP reached zero in an instant.

Even until death, Unstable Devastation wore a stupefied expression. The others from Martial Union were similarly shocked as they witnessed this sight. Unstable Devastation was one of the big bosses of Martial Union. He was also a Level 9 Ranger. Yet, when facing Ye Feng, he had no power to retaliate at all. Just how strong was this Ye Feng?

Shi Feng noticed a Secret-Silver ranked longbow dropping after Unstable Devastation’s death. He casually picked up the longbow and placed it in his bag. He then turned to look at the other members of Martial Union.

Although Shi Feng did not take any action, only sending them a glance, his might had already deeply engraved into their minds.

The members of Martial Union all halted their actions, inadvertently backing off. They all revealed fearful expressions as they looked at Shi Feng.

Why hadn’t the town guards arrived yet?

This thought suddenly appeared in their minds. They felt that only the guards could protect them from Shi Feng’s attacks.

However, from the moment Shi Feng began his assault to the moment Unstable Devastation died, only a brief eight or nine seconds had passed. Even if the town guards hurried over, they would need at least ten minutes before they arrived.

Faced with the members of Martial Union who dared not move, Shi Feng only swept a glance at them; he did not rush up and kill them. The Cooldown for most of his skills had almost finished. Although he could kill a sizable chunk of Martial Union if he continued his spree, he would run the risk of paying with his and his teammate’s lives, and this was not an ending that he wished to see.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s actions had caused plenty of the surrounding onlookers to become tongue-tied.

A single glance from Shi Feng was enough to petrify the hundreds of players from Martial Union. This power was just too frightening.

“Just who is this guy?”

“Is he a god-ranked expert?

The onlooking players were with both curious and shocked as they watched Shi Feng. He had single-handedly faced off against several hundred players and even managed to kill tens of players without receiving any damage. Even a god-ranked expert was not capable of such a feat.

After some time, the town guards finally arrived.

“The guards are here! We’re saved!”

Seeing dozens of guards in silver heavy-armor rushing over, the members of Martial Union sighed in relief.