Chapter 169 - The Most Awesome Red Name

At this moment, thousands of players surrounded the fountain plaza of Red Leaf Town.

Due to the increase of new players in God’s Domain, Red Leaf Town had become the most prosperous town among the few surrounding towns. The player count in Red Leaf Town was already close to 20,000. Hence, the scene of Martial Union suddenly chasing away all the players from the town’s fountain plaza would naturally attract the attention of other players; curiosity would grow over the disturbance.

This wasn’t limited to independent players; even the other large Guilds had sent players over to investigate what Martial Union was up to.

When all these players arrived, they discovered that Martial Union currently attempted to carry out a vendetta against an independent player. Moreover, they did so right in the middle of Red Leaf Town. However, Red Leaf Town possessed a protective mechanism for players. If they started a battle here, the town guards would definitely appear. Not only would they kill red players on the spot, but they would also jail them upon revival. No matter how one looked at it, killing someone in town was unwise. Both sides would only suffer losses.

At this stage of the game, no matter how many players one had on their side, they still would not dare provoke the town guards.

Every player clearly understood how powerful these guards were.

As these guards would normally patrol around the town, players could easily find one and observe their statistics.

The normal guards alone were Level 60, while the guard captain was a Level 80 Elite. It would not matter how many players went up against them; any who resisted would only meet their demise. To put it another way, the current players in God’s Domain had no abilities whatsoever to retaliate against the town guards.

However, nobody would have imagined that someone would actually take action. Moreover, the one who took action was that independent player.

Originally, everyone thought that the independent player was fated to die.

In spite of that, the results exceeded everyone’s expectations. One man alone had massacred the players from Martial Union, instilling a paralyzing fear. This feat was too heaven-defying!

Unfortunately, even if that independent player were powerful, he would still die at the hands of the town guards. Who told them to start a fight right in the middle of town?

The town guards that hurried over had surrounded the fountain plaza, detaining all of the players involved in causing this ruckus.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, I’m sorry! It’s my fault for dragging you into this mess!” Fire Dance apologized as she walked over.

Shi Feng’s character name had begun to turn black due to the high intensity of the red color. Just looking at it caused one to shudder. Including her past companions, Shi Feng had killed more than a hundred players during this battle. With this Crime Value, if Shi Feng died, he would lose at least seven Levels. Meanwhile, the town guards had them surrounded. The guards would kill all Red Players, leaving Shi Feng no chance to escape.

This was still not the most important point. After the guards killed him, Shi Feng would immediately revive in jail, and his Crime Value would determine the duration of his imprisonment. With Shi Feng’s Crime Value, he would be locked up for around a week before he could clear away his Crime Value.

The players of Martial Union watched Shi Feng with ridiculing expressions. Although they, too would receive punishment, compared to Shi Feng, theirs would significantly pale in comparison.

“Relax,” Shi Feng laughed.

Cola and the others had smiles on their faces. It was especially true for Violet Cloud. This was not the first time she had experienced such a situation. Martial Union had also caused the previous incident she encountered. She would have never imagined that history would repeat itself.

The reactions of Shi Feng’s teammates confused Fire Dance and Water Buffalo.

Why, as teammates, were Cola and the others not worried for Shi Feng one little bit?

“Big Sister Fire Dance, you should relax. Our leader isn’t an ordinary person,” Violet Cloud giggled as she spoke.

The moment Violet Cloud finished speaking, a guard, donned with silvery-grey-colored heavy armor, walked up.

“Esteemed Lord Demon Hunter, we meet again. How may I be of service to you this time?” the guard captain was all smiles as he greeted Shi Feng respectfully.

Compared to the last meeting, Shi Feng’s current reputation was much higher. Hence, the guard captain spoke to Shi Feng with even more respect.

Although Shi Feng and his teammates felt that the guard captain’s actions were only natural, this scene shocked the other onlookers. It was especially true for the members of Martial Union; their eyes nearly popped out of their sockets in shock. Shi Feng was clearly a devil of massacre, yet, instead of quickly killing him, the guard captain spoke to him with such regard? What was going on in this world?

“Isn’t that person Ye Feng?”

“I remember him. Last time, he killed the members of Martial Union right in front of the guards. In the end, he got away with simply paying a small sum of money. I was dumbfounded at that time, but later on, I found out that if a player became a noble, they gain special privileges. Even if he killed players right in front of the guards, he would not receive any sort of punishment. At worst, he would have to pay a small compensation fee.”

“How could Martial Union be so forgetful this time? They still dare to take action against Ye Feng inside of Red Leaf Town. Don’t they know that Ye Feng is a noble of Red Leaf Town? How foolish could they get?”

“You might not know this, but the Martial Union in Red Leaf Town has already changed. The previous members have long since left the Guild, and Unstable Devastation is the new leader. Right now, the members of Martial Union are all players called in from other towns. A large majority of them also consist of newcomers, so they have no idea about this matter at all.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Some of the players aware of the previous incident simply shook their heads while laughing. They felt that Martial Union, as a Guild, was truly beyond salvation. At the very least, before they tried to deal with Ye Feng, they should have investigated and tried to understand more about him. Regardless of what others said, Ye Feng was one of the few players who managed to clear the Hell Mode of Dark Moon Graveyard.

Hearing the explanation from these knowledgeable players, the faces of everyone from Martial Union turned grim. Only now did they know why Shi Feng behaved so calmly. However, now that matters had reached this point, they could only glare at him, their gazes full of reluctance.

“Esteemed Lord Guard Captain, this isn’t the first time these people from Martial Union have provoked me in town. I wonder if there is any way to prevent such incidents from happening in the future?” Shi Feng asked with a smile.

“Esteemed Lord Demon Hunter, since this Guild called Martial Union has a record of past offense, with My Lord’s high status, you can employ your rights to chase this Guild out of Red Leaf Town. However, you will have to pay a fixed amount of reputation to utilize this right. What will My Lord decide?” the Guard Captain stated.

Originally, Shi Feng simply inquired. After all, without a definite degree of status, he could not employ such a right. However, he never imagined that a Demon Hunter would have such a high social status. Hence, he asked, “How much do I have to pay?”

“Since Martial Union does not possess any members of nobility in Red Leaf Town, My Lord only needs to pay 100 Red Leaf Town Reputation Points,” the guard captain said.

“I understand.” Shi Feng only had 130 Red Leaf Town Reputation Points right now. However, spending 100 points as a precautionary measure was nothing of significance. He had the Demon Hunter title in any case; he would be a noble wherever he went, and he did not lack such a small amount of Reputation Points. “I wish to employ this right.”

System: You have used your special privileges; Reputation in Red Leaf Town reduced by 100 points. Red Leaf Town will deport all members of Martial Union.

“As you wish, Esteemed Lord Demon Hunter!”

Immediately, the guard captain gave out the deportation order to his subordinates. However, all members of Martial Union currently in the fountain plaza would first sit in jail for three hours before their removal from Red Leaf Town. As for the other members of Martial Union, the guards would immediately exercise them from Town, and any who resist would be immediately killed.

Simultaneously, all members of Martial Union within Red Leaf Town received the deportation notice. The notice stunned every one of them, and even Unstable Devastation, who just revived with a stomach full of anger, was dumbfounded.

He had already given up on his plan to develop Martial Union in five different towns, and after much difficulty, he only just managed to solidify Martial Union’s foundation in Red Leaf Town. Just as he was about to welcome a bright future, that future shattered.

“How could this be? Just what happened?” Unstable Devastation’s mental state was a mess right now. Everything had happened far too quickly for him to react.

He had wasted so much manpower, resources and a great amount of time, yet it all had gone to waste.

Just who was this Ye Feng?

Why did he possess such great authority? How could a Red Player have the authority to deport an entire Guild from a town?

For a time, countless questions darted through Unstable Devastation’s mind. However, regardless of how hard he racked his brain, he could not think of any way to deal with this matter. He also could not change the fact that they were being deported. He could only watch as guards walked up to him, intending to chase him out of Red Leaf Town.

Everyone had sentimental attachments for their homeland. If they suddenly moved, within a short time, they could not adapt to the new location.

It was even more so for average players. They would not suddenly accept having to leave the location with which they were most familiar. Thus, they all promptly chose to leave Martial Union instead.

For a time, the member count of Martial Union frantically decreased. Only a few moments had passed since the deportation started, and the member count had already dropped below 500. The majority of the members who stayed mostly consisted of the members that Unstable Devastation had originally brought over from other towns. Hence, they did not choose to leave the Guild immediately. However, leaving for another town now would greatly impact their leveling speed. As a result, the Guild’s development would stagnate for a long period.

The loss they incurred was simply immeasurable.

Watching the town guards deport the members of Martial Union, the onlooking players were at a loss; they were shocked into speechlessness.

Just what was happening here?

Could that Red Player be the new mayor of Red Leaf Town?

However, compared to Martial Union’s exorcism, the members of other Guilds concerned themselves with another matter.

“Boss, I’ve discovered big news here. Look at the recording I just sent to you.”

“Vice-Leader, I discovered another god-ranked expert.”

“Big Bro, something big happened in Red Leaf Town. Someone in the fountain plaza has flipped over Martial Union’s several hundred players by himself, and even the guards could do nothing against him.”

The members of various large Guilds started contacting the upper echelons of their Guilds. They intended to report this unbelievable incident, letting the upper echelons determining their next move.

Originally, these upper echelons refused to believe the reports. However, after watching the irrefutable evidence, they were all greatly shocked.

Could a single player be so strong?

Shi Feng had killed a Level 9 Shield Warrior in a single hit. Moreover, they were very familiar with this Shield Warrior. He was Cold Mountain Fighting Spirit, the core MT of Martial Union’s elite team, and he was fully geared with Mysterious-Iron Equipment. Yet, he still died from a single hit.

“Xuanzi, listen up. You must keep an eye on him. I’ll hurry over there now. For such a god-ranked expert to actually be an independent player, we must recruit him. Remember, you absolutely cannot provoke him. If any problems occur, it’ll all be on your head,” Undefeated Wolf, the Vice-Leader of the third-rate Guild, Heaven’s Crown, said sternly.

“Boss, rest assured; I’ll keep an eye on him. I will not let him out of my sight.”

At this moment, the upper echelons of the various large Guilds had made a similar decision: to recruit Shi Feng into their Guilds, no matter what it took. One could no longer use the normal standard to judge a great expert like Shi Feng. He was a tactical-ranked expert that could single-handedly decide the results of a team battle. If they could recruit him, be it Team Dungeons or fighting field Bosses, he would have a decisive role.