Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 170 - Famous

After the guard captain respectfully left, Fire Dance finally understood why her new teammates were not concerned one bit for Shi Feng.

However, more questions tumbled through her mind now.

Just who was Shi Feng?

Standing by the side, Water Buffalo finally managed to shut his hanging jaw. There was a saying commonly used in virtual reality games; a team’s achievements depended on their leader. Right now, even the guard captain treated Shi Feng with such respect. With a team leader like Shi Feng, just to what heights would he lead them?

In God’s Domain, gaming experts like Shi Feng were definitely highly sought after characters. With a simple word from Shi Feng, countless large Guilds would be willing to offer a high price to recruit him into their Guilds; even first-rate Guilds were no exception. Water Buffalo never imagined that Shi Feng would form his own team instead. Meanwhile, the players who joined such a team would become the envy of others.

Previously, the main reason Water Buffalo willingly joined Shi Feng’s team was his trust in Fire Dance. Meanwhile, Fire Dance was, more or less, an expert herself. As for Water Buffalo, he had his own hero’s dream, and he only joined Fire Dance’s team to learn various techniques from her.

Since the beginning, this was the first time Water Buffalo truly felt fortunate for being able to join Shi Feng’s team.

However, it was not due to Shi Feng’s terrifying Attack Power. Instead, it was because of the techniques Shi Feng displayed during battle. Be it dodging, angles to attack, timing, or a confident grasp of the surrounding terrain, Shi Feng was extremely precise with all of these aspects. Otherwise, Shi Feng could not have made fools out of Martial Union.

Moreover, Shi Feng was a righteous person. Regarding potential, Shi Feng stood at the apex of the virtual gaming world. If Water Buffalo could learn even a little from this new team leader of his, he would have no troubles with becoming a normal expert. If he followed Shi Feng’s guidance, he might even set foot in the unreachable world of top-tier experts.

“Ugh... there’s too many people here. Let’s go to a restaurant with fewer people before we continue our discussion.” Shi Feng surveyed his surroundings, discovering that there were over three or four hundred players staring fervently at him. This was not a suitable place to speak about his future plans.

Cola and the others nodded; they could no longer endure the countless stares either.

These gazes all belonged to independent players that wished to join their team. Among them, there were plenty who were Level 7 or Level 8. There were even quite a few wealthy players who offered tens of thousands of Credits in exchange for power-leveling, or in some cases, assistance with their quests.

There were also plenty of good-looking female players running up, asking to become friends. That aroused the envy of many male players. However, they were helpless in the face of Shi Feng’s ferocity. Shi Feng was like a hero from ancient times. In this day and age, men who possessed powerful techniques were very attractive to beautiful women, not to mention a god-ranked expert like Shi Feng.

However, something more amazing occurred simultaneously. The various large Guilds in Red Leaf Town flooded Shi Feng with communication requests, wishing to chat with him; he rejected them all.

“Sister Fire Dance, you have to strive harder! This is a great chance for you right now. In the future, as leader’s popularity grows larger and larger, who knows, there might be even more powerful beauties joining the team!” Water Buffalo nudged Fire Dance, laughing quietly.

“Scram! Who said that I wanted to become Big Brother Ye Feng’s girl-girlfriend!” Fire Dance stuttered, a light blush suddenly appearing on her cheeks.

---

Atop a hill, outside Red Leaf Town, hundreds of Martial Union’s members gathered. They could only observe Red Leaf Town from the hilltop, not daring to go near the town.

“Despicable! Despicable! That damnable Ye Feng! All my plans have been ruined now because of him!” Unstable Devastation coldly glared at Red Leaf Town, his heart burning with anger.

Previously, he had looked down upon Shi Feng. He merely thought of Shi Feng as a vagabond expert; how powerful could he be?

Only now did he realize the crux of the problem; Shi Feng was no ordinary expert. As proven, he was even capable of deporting their entire Guild. If Unstable Devastation had known of this matter earlier, he would not have taken such a foolish action.

Ye Feng, you will only enjoy this glory for the moment. Very quickly, the footage that will ruin you will dominate the official forums. When that time arrives, everyone will condemn you. Although I can’t kill you, it will be enough if I can annoy you to death. We’ll see if you can establish your own team with your reputation in tatters. Without a team, a person’s strength is limited. When we enter White River City, I’ll deal with you slowly. I don’t believe that you can deport Martial Union from White River City as well! Unstable Devastation laughed contemptuously. He then uploaded the footage he recorded to the official forums, and while doing so, he instructed his subordinates to hype things up. To save his own life, Shi Feng slaughtered his own companions. Sooner or later, Shi Feng’s name would fall into ruin. Who would dare team up with such a person then?

---

Inside a restaurant in Red Leaf Town, Shi Feng finally managed to break away from all the pestering that had overwhelmed him. Nobody could disturb him inside a private room.

After spending more than ten minutes discussing and arranging the necessary tasks for Cola and the others, just as they were about to take action...

“Leader, as expected, that Unstable Devastation has retaliated. Right now, a video has appeared on the official forums. The post also stated that, in order to save your own life, you willingly killed your own companions; extremely despicable. There are also plenty of people slandering you below the post,” Cola said.

Fire Dance and the others took a look at the post as well.

God-ranked expert is a despicable little man! Proof available!

Immediately, the team’s expressions turned livid. They did not imagine that their former companions would behave so shamelessly. They actually stood up to accuse Shi Feng. They had clearly received Shi Feng’s reward, yet, they worded it as if they had only attacked Martial Union because of their friendship with Shi Feng. After they realized their wrongdoings, when they tried to denounce Shi Feng, he killed them all. Such a treacherous little man did not deserve to be called an expert. However, as Shi Feng was too strong, and they were only a group of weaklings, they were powerless to seek justice; they could denounce Shi Feng online.

The proof lay in their previous leader, Fire Dance, joining Shi Feng’s current team; it was irrefutable, solid proof that Shi Feng could not challenge.

Shi Feng was originally very famous throughout White River City. Not only did he clear the Hell Mode of a Team Dungeon, but he also enjoyed an indistinct relationship with the Snow Goddess, becoming the envy of others. Now that a scandal about him surfaced, in addition to the post being extremely one-sided, Shi Feng became everyone’s target. All kinds of curses were written in response to the post. Some of Shi Feng’s previous supporters also voiced their shock at Shi Feng’s hideous behavior, exclaiming their bad judgment from before.

Instantly, this post became the most viewed topic in White River City. Its view count soared, far surpassing the post made during the war between Black Flame and Hammer Trading.

“Leader, let’s start a counterattack right now!” Cola could no longer endure this travesty. Unstable Devastation was simply too despicable. He had failed to defeat Shi Feng in an upright battle; so, he retaliated from the shadows, slandering Shi Feng’s reputation. Although Shi Feng did not suffer any substantial losses, he still needed to establish his own Guild in the future. Those players blinded by this matter would certainly not join a Guild with such a leader. How were they supposed to develop their Guild? How could they compete with those large Guilds?

“Hahaha! It is truly well said, with both proof and logic! I’m so touched; I’m tearing up!” Shi Feng could not help but laugh after seeing the post.

Shi Feng had seen such tactics countless times in his past life. Among them, Unstable Devastation had used such tactics more than a dozen times to deal a hit to his enemies. Shi Feng could not help but admit that the tactic was indeed effective. However, so what?

Unstable Devastation was the same as in the past. In the end, he could still not become the Guild Leader of Martial Union, and his strength in the later stages of the game was even weaker than Ironsword Lion by several stages.

In front of absolute strength, all minor tricks were pointless. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

“Alright, everyone’s dismissed. Go to the Silent Swamp and meet up with Blackie and Lonely Snow. Also, take these two Group Isolation Scrolls. Find a place inside of town to use these, then leave town and head for the Silent Swamp,” Shi Feng took out two Tier 1 Group Isolation Magic Scrolls, handing them to Fire Dance and Cola.

The Group Isolation Scroll allowed players to enter Stealth mode and increased Movement Speed by 10%. It could only be used in a non-combative state, and it had a duration of half an hour. The Stealth effect would break when players entered combat. With this item, Cola and the others could easily meet up with Blackie while avoiding surveillance.

The group departed from the restaurant. Meanwhile, Shi Feng headed towards Red Leaf Town’s Town Hall by himself.

“Unstable Devastation, I’ll teach you, right now, that, no matter what tricks you have up your sleeves, in front of absolute strength, it is all meaningless,” Shi Feng smiled as he closed the official forums. He then entered the tightly guarded Town Hall.