Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 172 - Shocking All Sides

Currently, the players of Martial Union hurried towards Clear Water Town.

Clear Water Town was the nearest town to Red Leaf Town, and the player base there was around five to six thousand.

“Hahaha! Although we will incur a huge loss moving our base of operations, we can just start all over again. However, Ye Feng, your reputation is ruined! Everyone is denouncing you right now! I really want to see just how you are going to mingling in God’s Domain, and who else will dare join your team now!” Unstable Devastation could not help but laugh as he read the forum post.

Originally, the others from Martial Union felt depressed over having to move to another town. However, after watching Shi Feng’s fame fall into complete ruin, their moods greatly improved.

Star-Moon Kingdom Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Ye Feng for becoming the first player in Star-Moon Kingdom to arrive at a city! Rewarding 20 Reputation Points in White River City and the title of Honorary Citizen of White River City.

“What is this?” Unstable Devastation immediately froze, shocked, after listening to this system announcement. Five to six seconds passed before he sobered up, and questions instantly filled his mind.

How did Shi Feng reach Level 10 so quickly? The EXP required to go from Level 9 to Level 10 was several times that of the EXP needed to go from Level 8 to Level 9. Even for the upper echelons of first-rate Guilds, the most heaven-defying were only at 70% or so of Level 9 right now. Yet, Shi Feng had already reached Level 10.

This also meant that Shi Feng had reached Level 10 before they had surrounded him. In regards to an independent player, such a leveling speed was simply unimaginable.

“Boss Unstable, not good! A new post about Ye Feng has appeared on the forums, and it is filled with all sorts of reverence and support for Ye Feng!”

Unstable Devastation hurriedly opened the official forums.

At this moment, the post his subordinate mentioned already owned the top position on the forum, with the title: The number one player in White River City! Instantly, the popularity of the post surpassed the post Unstable Devastation had previously submitted.

In this post, aside from Shi Feng’s achievement of becoming the number one player in White River City, there were also plenty of other accomplishments mentioned.

There was even uploaded footage of Shi Feng massacring the hundreds of players of Martial Union. In the footage, Shi Feng had killed close to a hundred players by himself, while he had frightened the hundreds of Martial Union’s players present. Shi Feng’s domineering actions had caused many players to start worshipping him.

Although the footage only lasted a few short seconds, even after viewing it over a hundred times, one would still not tire of it. Shi Feng’s lightning-speed dodging techniques and battle techniques were especially worth watching and learning.

Previously, there had been quite a few people writing harsh words about Shi Feng, stating that he edited the footage and that it was impossible that he could be so powerful. They also argued that Shi Feng was only a back-stabbing, traitorous bastard, that there should be a limit to how far he could go, even when severing relationships. These people warned others not fall for such tricks, claiming that people like Shi Feng did not deserve praise.

However, very quickly, people started standing up and speaking for Shi Feng. These people had all personally witnessed the entire incident, and knew more information than others. Moreover, videos recorded in God’s Domain could not be photoshopped, as these videos were under the supervision of the Main God System. Thus, the law acknowledged both the videos recorded and contracts signed in God’s Domain.

Immediately, those who slandered Shi Feng fell abruptly silent, as they knew that they would only become a joke if they continued mindlessly causing trouble.

Simultaneously, plenty of people who explained the truth of the matter came out of the woodwork.

“These idiots only scandalize others because they can’t stand others living a better life. I’m a player of Red Leaf Town, and I witnessed the incident very clearly. Even Martial Union was helpless against Ye Feng; do you think he’ll need that trash’s help? Those losers were people who took the bounty Ye Feng offered, and they slandered Ye Feng simply because they were afraid of Martial Union taking revenge on them.”

“I’ve also heard about it. Those people are the scum of society! To avoid Martial Union’s retaliation, they were even willing to kill their own team leader! Meanwhile, Ye Feng killed all of them because he simply could not sit back and watch. Now, not only have these people not repented for their actions, but they also took the initiative to blame Ye Feng! They are simply too despicable!”

“Hahaha! Those people received a big slap to their faces! Ye Feng can frighten hundreds of players from Martial Union into a pause. Do you people really think that you are fit to become a god-ranked expert’s companions? You even have the gall to say that you helped Ye Feng? Is your second-grade syndrome incurable?”

“You guys don’t know how awesome Ye Feng is. Just a word from him, and right now, all of Martial Union is being removed from Red Leaf Town. You can’t find a single player from Martial Union standing on the streets now! Ye Feng is just too awesome!”

“As expected of a god-ranked expert! When god slaps faces, all of those haters will have to dismiss themselves.”

Unstable Devastation was immediately dumbfounded as he read the replies to the post. He had only managed to slander Shi Feng after great difficulties. Yet, in the end, without even saying a word, Shi Feng had recovered using a single system announcement. Not only did he solved the problem, but he had also increased his fame to greater heights.

---

As for Fire Dance’s companions, when they saw the system announcement and the forum post, their expressions turned extremely ugly; even their intestines turned green with regret.

They did not imagine that Shi Feng was actually so powerful. How great would it have been if, at that time, they had joined Shi Feng’s team with Fire Dance? Instead, they were now scorned and verbally abused by others. Furthermore, they had lost another level due to their deaths at Shi Feng’s hands. They could not even compare to average players anymore.

At that time, they only acted in such a way to avoid the retaliation of Martial Union. In the end, however, Martial Union was deported from Red Leaf Town, so they wouldn’t be able to retaliate against them in the first place. Such an end left them feeling empty and lost. Just why had they chosen such a path?

---

Meanwhile, it wasn’t just Unstable Devastation who was shocked by this development. On Underworld’s side, both South Wolf and the Underworld Guards were similarly stunned by this news. Wasn’t this Ye Feng’s leveling speed a little too fast?

South Wolf nearly spat blood in anger. Now that Shi Feng had entered the city, his previous detailed plan was useless; he needed to start from the very beginning again.

---

When Gentle Snow, who was currently in a Level 10 monster area, discovered this news, she fell into deep thought for quite some time.

“I truly underestimated him. Although my level is already quite high, I still have to grind for five to six hours before I can reach Level 10. During these five to six hours, Ye Feng might very well widen the gap in our levels even further after entering White River City,” Gentle Snow laughed bitterly.

Everyone knew that all virtual reality games shared a common point; the resources available were limited.

There were only so many leveling resources available in every region. Unquestionably, the more resources a person possessed, the greater their leveling and development speed would be.

As for the resources available in the city, without a doubt, the earlier one entered the city, the more resources one could obtain. There were plenty of high-level quests in a city. The existence of teleportation gates also enabled fast travel to leveling areas. Hence, by entering the city ahead of others, one could quickly monopolize the best areas for leveling up. In the city, the tools and items sold were also limited. These items would be of great help to a team’s speedy development.

This gap of five to six hours would allow Shi Feng to do plenty of things in the city.

“By the time we reach White River City, most likely, we would have to discuss matters of cooperation with him once again,” Gentle Snow revealed a helpless smile.

---

In actuality, Gentle Snow wasn’t the only person who intended to discuss matters of cooperation with Shi Feng. The various large Guilds around White River City also tried desperately to contact Shi Feng. They all wished to recruit Shi Feng into their command. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

As for the Guilds outside of White River City, they all developed a curiosity towards Shi Feng. An independent player was actually the first player to reach Level 10; it was an incredible feat. If Shi Feng were some great character from a large Guild, they might not have thought much about this matter. However, this was not the case.

The upper echelons of the various Guilds all had a group of elite players aiding them with grinding monsters. Thus, their leveling efficiency was much higher than other players. However, against all odds, the first person to enter a city was an independent player. How could this not shock them?

At the same time, Shi Feng’s entrance into White River City had rung alarm bells to the many Guilds out there. Someone had already started their development in a city. If they continued dragging their feet, this would become a big threat to their futures.

To increase their leveling speed, they all focused on crafting Whetstones. They purchased Hard Stones in bulks, inflating the cost of Hard Stones once more.

However, all these large Guilds were unaware that their actions were precisely as Shi Feng had planned.

---

White River City, one of the five major cities in Star Moon Kingdom.

From afar, one could see towering buildings erected throughout the city. It was a sight no town could ever hope to compare with. Just the number of NPCs residing within the city exceeded 100,000. Moreover, the city could hold over two million players within its walls. It was a sight that many Guilds would fight to possess.

At this time, Shi Feng walked down the main street of White River City. Before he had arrived in White River City, Shi Feng had wiped clean his name using the Demon Mask, so he was not afraid of the city guards. In any case, he was a globally recognized noble. Even if he entered White River City with a red name, he would not face any major challenges. Only, there were some NPCs unwilling to deal with red players, preventing Shi Feng from accepting any high-level quests. So, he chose to clear up his name.

Let’s have a look at the city hall for now. Shi Feng revealed a faint smile. He took out the recommendation letter that he received from Blackbeard, the mayor of Stonehammer Town. This letter was one of the items he would use as capital to rise in White River City.