Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 182 - Clue About the God Slayer

As Shi Feng’s call had been set to private, outsiders could not listen in on his conversation with Unstable Devastation.

However, although Aqua Rose could not hear what Shi Feng said, she could clearly feel the killing intent radiating off of his body.

To become friends with Shi Feng, deepening their relationship, Aqua Rose would not let this chance pass her by. Thus, she made her offer.

Shi Feng understood Aqua Rose’s intentions. He simply smiled at her and said, “Thank you for your concern, Miss Aqua. It isn’t anything big, only an annoying fly that I can kill with a slap at any time. We should continue with our business talks.”

At Shi Feng’s immediate rejection, Aqua Rose could do nothing but relent.

After which, the two returned to their private room in the restaurant.

At this moment, however, another male youth had appeared in the private room.

This person was a knight geared with heavy-armor. Based on his appearance, this man was obviously a Shield Warrior; a bone shield hung at his back, coupled with an exquisite, black-colored battle axe. These two pieces of equipment looked extraordinary, and one could easily tell that they were Secret-Silver rank. Moreover, this man was similar to Aqua Rose, in which they were both Level 9.

“Why are you here, Brilliant?” Aqua Rose asked, surprised at his sudden appearance.

“I only worry that others will try to scam you, so I came to check up on you. Last time, you spent tens of millions of Credits and returned with only a pile of worthless scrap paper. This incident invoked many elders’ dissatisfaction.”

“This time, you spent another large sum of money and manpower to purchase various ores and materials. Moreover, you didn’t even notify the elders about any of your actions; they are furious right now. I’m here to tell you that, at the very least, you need their approvals in the future before you take action.”

“Come back with me and offer them an explanation for now. Otherwise, those elders will make your life difficult in the future.”

The man named Brilliant Wargod shot Shi Feng a glare. He had always treated Aqua Rose as his own woman. Meanwhile, the black-hooded Shi Feng before him was a small character, beneath his notice. Yet, this small character actually dared to have a tryst with Aqua Rose. Immediately, Brilliant Wargod tugged on Aqua Rose’s hand, intending to take her from this place.

Shi Feng merely shrugged at Brilliant Wargod’s provocation. He did not mind this man with the IQ of a monkey in the least. He simply took it as watching a monkey show.

Aqua Rose slapped away Brilliant Wargod’s hand, her crescent eyebrows wrinkling slightly. She had only managed to secure her relationship with Shi Feng after much difficulty and was just about to enter a proper business discussion. She did not expect Brilliant Wargod to find out about it and actually came running to interrupt her. If it weren’t for her and Brilliant Wargod’s families having friendly ties, she would not pay him any attention.

“Brilliant, I have important matters to discuss. Return by yourself for now. As for the matter of the Guild elders, I’ll give them an explanation when I return,” Aqua Rose said impatiently.

For her trades with Shi Feng, she always used her own money and people. The Guild elders had no right to interfere, nor did they have the ability. Not to mention, she was an honorary elder of the Guild, so her station was similar to theirs; they had no right to involve themselves in her matters. They were merely envious that she had earned a lot of money, and they all wanted a share of the pie.

Seeing Aqua Rose’s attitude, Brilliant Wargod could only give up his efforts.

“Since you don’t wish to go, I’ll stay by your side to protect you. It’ll destroy others’ ideas of taking advantage of you,” Brilliant Wargod glanced at Shi Feng, his tone filled with ill intent as he spoke.

Aqua Rose became furious at his words. She and Shi Feng were going to discuss extremely confidential trade secrets; how could she allow Brilliant Wargod to listen in?

“No, you should return,” Aqua Rose spoke, her tone frosty.

Hearing Aqua Rose, Brilliant Wargod grew even more indignant. He sent a wrathful glare at Shi Feng, sending a message to Shi Feng secretly.

“I am an elder of Twilight Echo. Brat, you better know your place and scram. Aqua is my plaything, so you are not allowed to contact her again. You should know the consequences if I discover that you’ve done otherwise.”

Brilliant Wargod was usually a tyrant of a man, and nobody dared defy him due to his identity. Whenever he met with a situation, he simply needed to announce his identity, and others would immediately flee with their tails between their legs. Now that he had spoken, Shi Feng would be no exception to this.

After Shi Feng saw this message, he involuntarily laughed. It seemed that this Brilliant Wargod had arrived to cause trouble without understanding the situation; saying that he had the IQ of a monkey gave him too much credit. His actual IQ might not even equal a dog’s. With such a wealthy prince in the Guild, it was no wonder Twilight Echo could not develop itself in the early stages of the game. It was actually due to the presence of this fool.

“Miss Aqua, I have something that I’d like you to see,” Shi Feng smiled.

Aqua Rose grew very curious. Just what did Shi Feng have to show her this time?

Since Brilliant Wargod dared threaten Shi Feng in such a way, Shi Feng would act in kind. He forwarded Brilliant Wargod’s message to Aqua Rose. Shi Feng wanted this fool to know that one should be careful with their words and messages. Otherwise, accidents could occur.

“Brilliant Wargod! Get out of my sight immediately! I don’t wish to see you ever again! I will definitely tell uncle and aunty about this matter! Regarding the marriage affairs between our two families, don’t even think about it from this moment onwards!” Aqua Rose’s complexion was instantly livid the moment she read the message. She already disliked Brilliant Wargod. Now, not to mention publicly trying to drive Shi Feng away, he even dared call her his plaything!

Brilliant Wargod was confused. Before he could even wonder why Aqua Rose wanted to sever their relationship, she had already kicked him from the private room. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I’m sorry that you had to see such a joke,” Aqua Rose apologized.

“It’s nothing. I’m used to such matters.” Not minding matters at all, Shi Feng said, “Let’s continue discussing about our trade, then.”

At this moment, Brilliant Wargod started loudly cursing outside the door, saying, “Black Flame, you despicable little man! You actually dare frame me! Get out here right now if you have the ability! I challenge you to a duel! The loser clears their level back to zero! Do you dare accept it?!”

“What? You can frame me, but can’t accept my challenge?”

Just as Shi Feng and Aqua Rose were about to resume their business talks, Brilliant Wargod finally came to a realization. It turned out that Shi Feng had forwarded his message to Aqua Rose. He really did not think that such an incident would occur. His past actions, which had never failed him, were actually useless against Shi Feng. However, to redeem himself, he could only insist that Shi Feng had framed him.

“Master Black Flame, I am truly sorry about this. I’ll chase him away immediately.” This was the first time Aqua Rose had realized that Brilliant Wargod was so obnoxious; his IQ was even in the negatives. With the existence of the Main God System, how could players possibly modify others’ messages and IDs?

“No need. I have my own faults in this matter, so let me deal with it,” Shi Feng rose from his seat, walking out of the private room.

“Black Flame, you despicable little man, you finally dare to show yourself! If you are a man, accept my challenge! If you lose, you will explain to Aqua Rose that you framed me! Do you dare accept?” Brilliant Wargod jeered.

“What if you lose?” Shi Feng laughed.

“Hahaha! Can I even lose?” Brilliant Wargod was incomparably arrogant. He took out a map, saying disdainfully, “If you really are lucky enough to win, this item will be yours to keep. I only obtained this map after I organized a team of hundreds of elites to kill a wild Level 10 Lord ranked Boss. This was the only item it dropped.”

Initially, Shi Feng had little to no interest in the map Brilliant Wargod held. After all, he had a clear understanding of God’s Domain. If it were a map obtained in some other country, it held no meaning to him at all. However, the moment Shi Feng spotted the symbol of an Ash Blade on the back of the map, it instantly roused his interest.

The Ash Blade was the mark of the God Slayer. Normally, only items related to the God Slayer bear such mark.

“Master Black Flame, you can’t agree to him! He is a Shield Warrior, so he has a massive innate advantage when dealing with physical-type classes! Moreover, the Diamond Guard he wears is a Level 9 Mysterious-Iron Set Equipment. His weapon and shield are also Level 9 Mysterious-Iron ranked items, and he has over 1,400 HP. Moreover, Brilliant Wargod has powerful techniques, himself; even two to three physical-type class experts attacking together wouldn’t be his match!” Aqua Rose hurriedly stopped Shi Feng. It was simply a farce for a Swordsman to duel a Shield Warrior. Moreover, Black Flame was only a forger; his battle prowess was sub-par at best.

“What? Afraid?” Brilliant Wargod jeered as he glared at Shi Feng.

“Alright, I’ll agree,” Shi Feng smiled.