Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 184 - Absolute Suppression

At this moment, Brilliant Wargod’s Giant Bear Waraxe left a deep red streak across Shi Feng’s arm.

In God’s Domain, although players would not receive high damages when their limbs were attacked, they would feel a faint numbing feeling in their limbs. Moreover, the numbing effect lasted for quite some time. During this time, players’ reactions would slow down, affecting their battle conditions and slightly reducing their battle prowess.

However, players would rarely attack limbs when they PKed others, as there was no meaning to such an action. Compared to attacking the limbs, the body was a much easier target. After all, it was much easier to defend against an attack aimed at the limbs. Moreover, the limbs were much more nimble than the body, making them harder to hit. Most importantly, however, attacking vital points on the body would cause much more damage.

Normally, only when experts PKed new players, would experts use such an attack method to toy with the new players.

Right now, Brilliant Wargod clearly intended to toy with Shi Feng.

However, although Shi Feng had been hurt, he did not scream in pain as expected. This utterly surprised Aqua Rose.

Shi Feng was, after all, only a forger. In God’s Domain, he would be the equivalent of a civilian worker, and his pain tolerance would be very low. Even if he were a battle veteran of God’s Domain, his face would at least twitch, and he would suck in a light breath when he received an attack.

No matter how she looked at it, with Shi Feng’s subclass as a forger, he should at least make a sound as he was hit.

Was it possible that Shi Feng had turned off his pain perception completely? Normally, experts would maintain their pain perception at 30%, and only the newcomers and noobs would turn it off as they could not endure the pain. However, a majority of the players in God’s Domain would maintain it around 20%. No matter how one looked at Shi Feng, he was by no means a newcomer or a noob, so it was impossible that he would turn off his pain perception completely. Yet, his arm sustained the hit just now, but not the slightest hint of pain showed on his face. On the contrary, a smile filled his face right now; this was simply too abnormal.

However, Brilliant Wargod paid no mind to these matters. Although he felt that something was missing, such as the screams of pain, that would not deter his continued attacks on Shi Feng. Axe swing after axe swing landed on Shi Feng’s four limbs, and after a full five seconds, Brilliant Wargod nearly roared with excitement from his ceaseless attacking.

Meanwhile, Aqua Rose’s shock grew as she stood a distance away and watched the scene before her. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

“Black Flame, which location’s god are you?!”

However, she was not shocked due to how precise Brilliant Wargod’s crazy attacks were. Instead, she was shocked by the HP bar above Shi Feng.

Brilliant Wargod’s frantic attacks barely reduced Shi Feng’s HP. As of this moment, Shi Feng had only lost 10% of his total HP. On the contrary, after five seconds passed, Shi Feng’s HP once again rose to 95%.

The most shocking thing to Aqua Rose was how little damage Brilliant Wargod inflicted on Shi Feng.

Although Brilliant Wargod was a Shield Warrior, and his damage was much less than a Berserker with the same standards, at the end of the day, Brilliant Wargod still wore a set of Level 9 Mysterious-Iron Set Equipment. He also wielded the Secret-Silver rank Giant Bear Waraxe, so his Attack Power was no less than a normal Level 9 Berserker.

Even though Brilliant Wargod did not use any skills, his normal attacks failed to cause over -15 damage with each strike. Wasn’t Shi Feng’s Defense a little too frightening?

“Why do you still have so much HP?” Brilliant Wargod, who had attacked all this time, suddenly stilled his hands. He had wanted to see Shi Feng’s suffering expression, yet, he was immediately shocked to discover that Shi Feng did not lose much HP at all. He then looked at his damage log, discovering a series of damages that was only around -10...

“You have keen reactions, precise attacks, good battle techniques, above average standards, and you’re capable of activating Extraordinary Condition. It’s as expected of Twilight Echo’s fifth ranking Shield Warrior,” Shi Feng made a general deduction of Brilliant Wargod’s standards. He then said with a smile, “Since you’re done attacking, it should be my turn now.”

Shi Feng was currently Level 14 while Brilliant Wargod was only Level 9. In God’s Domain, if players and monsters had a level gap of 3 Levels, then due to the level suppression, players would have their damage reduced by around 50%. Meanwhile, in a situation where both sides consisted of players, the party with the lower level would have their damage reduced by 65%. If the gap grew to 5 Levels, then there would be an 80% damage reduction; for 10 Levels and above, the damage reduction was 95% and above.

In addition, Shi Feng currently wore the Silvermoon Set Equipment, so his Defense was very high, to begin with. After he had risen to Level 14, his Endurance Attribute increased just beyond 80 points, activating the Hidden Passive Skill for Endurance, Basic Body Strengthening. With this passive skill, all attacks causing less than 50 damage were greatly weakened, his battle recovery rate would slightly increase, and his Stamina recovery would slightly improve as well.

Due to the damage Brilliant Wargod caused him being extremely low, his battle recovery could replenish most of his lost HP in one-shot.

This was the specialty of virtual reality games. Due to the gap in levels and Attributes, the disparity in strength was worlds apart. Brilliant Wargod was obviously unaware of this.

“Stop bluffing. You’re merely a blockhead with high Defense. Watch how I’ll get rid of you and send you back to Level 0! Regret becoming my enemy!” Brilliant Wargod did not and would not believe that Shi Feng could retaliate. He raised his Giant Bear Waraxe, sending a fierce slash towards Shi Feng’s chest.

Brilliant Wargod no longer fooled around. He wanted to get rid of Shi Feng instantly like a fierce gale, so he coupled his attack with a skill.

However, standing at a distance, Aqua Rose did not think that Shi Feng bluffed at all. Since the start of the battle, Shi Feng had waved his sword only once, then stood without moving, allowing Brilliant Wargod to attack him for an entire five seconds continuously.

Five seconds... Even the weakest players could attack or defend many times within this amount of time. Yet, Shi Feng chose to do nothing at all...

The moment Brilliant Wargod’s Giant Bear Axe passed through Shi Feng’s body, Brilliant Wargod involuntarily revealed a cold smile. His belief that Shi Feng only bluffed was reaffirmed.

“Afterimage!” Brilliant Wargod immediately noticed that sensation of his axe passing through Shi Feng felt odd. At this moment, he realized that the Shi Feng before him was simply an afterimage. He then spun, searching for Shi Feng’s position.

At this moment, Shi Feng had already arrived at Brilliant Wargod’s back. His movements were silent as if he did not exist at all. Shi Feng’s right hand twitched, and the Abyssal Blade lightly pierced through Brilliant Wargod’s back. A hole appeared in the hard armor that Brilliant Wargod wore, and the Shield Warrior instantly felt his heart cool to freezing temperatures.

Brilliant Wargod felt an immense pain in his chest. Since when had a young master like himself experienced such a degree of pain? Immediately, he released an agonizing scream as a damage of over -300 appeared above his head. With a single hit, Brilliant Wargod lost over a fifth of his total HP.

“Such speed and Attack Power!” Aqua Rose had distinctly witnessed it from a distance, and her shock-filled eyes involuntarily blinked as a result. She did not think that Shi Feng, as a forger, would actually be so amazing in battle. His Attack Power was simply inhumane. Because of the equipment he possessed, Brilliant Wargod’s Defense was frightening. Yet, Shi Feng’s normal attack dealt over -300 damage to the Warrior...

Between the two of them, be it Defense or Attack Power, Brilliant Wargod was far from Shi Feng’s equal. The disparity in strength was clear for all to behold. The two of them were on completely different levels.

It was simply unbelievable. Even with Brilliant Wargod’s standards, there was still an evident gap in strength between him and Shi Feng. This fight had completely renewed Aqua Rose’s recognition of God’s Domain.

After stabbing Brilliant Wargod once, Shi Feng did not give Brilliant Wargod any chances. He once again waved the Abyssal Blade, sending a Chop at Brilliant Wargod’s body. Shi Feng landed a triple damage critical attack, causing over -2,400 damage and instantly killing Brilliant Wargod.