Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 186 - State A Price

Just as Shi Feng recognized the location shown on the map...

Four Level 200 Black Guards appeared on Light Street, each wielding a black spear in their hands and walking towards Brilliant Wargod; the intended to take him away. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“Don’t even think of catching me.”

Brilliant Wargod immediately logged out of the game. However, an unbelievable situation occurred. One could describe this as an out-of-body experience. Like an empty shell, Brilliant Wargod’s body suddenly fell to the ground, motionless.

However, the four Black Guards did not care much about this.

Two of the knights grabbed ahold of Brilliant Wargod’s body from each side, dragging him away from Light Street. Soon after, the Black Knights also dispersed from the scene.

“Master Black Flame, what is going on here? Didn’t Brilliant Wargod log off? Logically, his body should also have disappeared!” Aqua Rose looked at Shi Feng, her shining eyes blinking as she asked. Although Aqua Rose did not know why she would ask Shi Feng, her instincts told her that Shi Feng might know the answer.

If Shi Feng knew that Aqua Rose had asked him about this matter out of instinct, the fearsomeness of a woman’s intuition would certainly surprise him.

Hearing Aqua Rose’s question, Shi Feng simply smiled and said, “It should be that the system doesn’t allow players avoid punishment.”

Blackwing City’s judgment was, without a doubt, the system’s judgment. If Brilliant Wargod had properly received his punishment, he would only have to pay the smallest price. However, if Brilliant Wargod deleted and rebuilt his account, not to mention losing the money and equipment that he originally had, he would also lose all the reputation he had earned in God’s Domain. Reputation was not easy to gain. After all, many of the quests that rewarded players with reputation points were Unique Quests.

“So, it is like that.”

Aqua Rose understood the truth of the matter. Otherwise, if everyone simply deleted and rebuilt their accounts the moment they did something nefarious, wouldn’t that turn God’s Domain into a heaping mess? However, along with the passing of time, player levels would become higher, while the chances of such matters occurring would decrease as well. After all, players had dedicated a great amount of time and energy onto cultivating their God’s Domain accounts; there would be few people with the courage to start all over again. However, if players encountered a situation like Brilliant Wargod’s, a majority of them would choose to delete and rebuild. After all, it would be much faster to start all over again, and it could be a way to take advantage of the system. Naturally, the Main God System would not make such a mistake.

Regarding the calamity that had befallen Brilliant Wargod, Aqua Rose did not display a hint of sympathy. On the contrary, she was very grateful for Shi Feng’s significant help. Her and Brilliant Wargod’s families had always been friendly with each other, and both families intended to increase and widen their wealth and influence through marriage. On the other hand, Aqua Rose had, from the very beginning, opposed this notion. She intended to create a legacy for herself, increasing her right of speech within her family to oppose this marriage.

God’s Domain just so happened to have given her this very good chance. As long as she could further herself in God’s Domain, and adding in Brilliant Wargod’s actions, she could easily vanquish the notion of marriage between the two families.

After dealing with the matter of Brilliant Wargod, Shi Feng and Aqua Rose returned to the restaurant and resumed their business talks.

Originally, Shi Feng wanted to investigate the God Slayer’s whereabouts. However, he set it aside for now. In God’s Domain,

the Ruined Mountain Range was an absolutely forbidden place for humans. In Shi Feng’s previous life, many players did not believe this fact. In the end, all who went there found only death. From then on, nobody dared casually enter the Ruined Mountain Range. With Shi Feng’s current strength, not to mention entering the Ruined Mountain Range, even the path leading to the Ruined Mountain Range presented an impossible challenge for Shi Feng. How would he reach the location marked on the map?

The only choice he had right now was to increase his strength. When he had sufficient strength, he could then think of a way to go there.

“Master Black Flame, these are the various forging materials that you’ve requested. Due to limited bag space, I’ve only brought the rare and precious materials. This time, Master Black Flame has helped me a great deal, so I’ll sell these to you at a lower price. You just need to pay me 43 Gold Coins for them,” Aqua Rose displayed the transaction list, smiling as she spoke. The cost of purchasing all these materials came to a total of just over 37 Gold. Originally, Aqua Rose intended to sell all these materials to Shi Feng for 50 Gold. However, since Shi Feng had helped her out, she chose to earn a little less in this transaction.

Initially, Aqua Rose had not possessed enough Gold Coins to purchase all these materials. However, she made a big profit from the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs, which she bought from Shi Feng last time. Not only had she earned over a hundred Gold Coins, but she also earned back all the Credits she used to purchase the forging designs. She still had quite a few Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs remaining. If she sold all of them, she could still earn tens of Gold Coins and hundreds of thousands of Credits.

Even for an apex first-rate Guild like Twilight Echo, the entire Guild’s currently available fluid funds only amounted to twenty to thirty Gold. Meanwhile, Aqua Rose had over a hundred Gold in her possession, invoking the Guild’s elders jealousy.

After having the first tastes of profit, Aqua Rose greatly anticipated the surprise Shi Feng was about to create.

“43 Gold?” When Shi Feng looked at the transaction list, his heart skipped a beat.

He had not expected Aqua Rose to be so capable. She had actually gathered so many materials. Taking a quick glance at the transaction list, the materials listed were all rare, required for forging Mysterious-Iron and Secret-Silver ranked items. There were even some extremely rare Fine-Gold ranked materials. At this stage of the game, it was absolutely impossible for players to find any of these materials in Star-Moon Kingdom. Aqua Rose had also bought a large quantity of Hard Stones, as Shi Feng had specially requested a lot of them. Now, Aqua Rose had close to a thousand stacks of Hard Stones for Shi Feng, completely filling up her ore bags. Shi Feng could not help but admit that the Ore Country was aptly named.

Ore bags were different from normal bags. They were specifically made for storing forging materials. Hence, these bags had extremely large storage spaces, and each one was several times, some even several tens of times, larger than a normal bag. In Aqua Rose’s case, aside from her main bag having 100 slots, her remaining six bags were all ore bags. Every one of her ore bags had 350 slots for items, and all six ore bags were currently filled to the brim.

The country Aqua Rose came from did not lack ores. Hence, Aqua Rose only sold each stack of Hard Stones to Shi Feng at a price of 80 Copper Coins. Aqua Rose had probably purchased all of these Hard Stones at an even lower price. Compared to these sold in Star-Moon Kingdom, the price of these Hard Stones was simply too cheap. Right now, each stack of Hard Stones sold for 3 Silver Coins. Just by selling these Hard Stones to other players, Shi Feng could make a profit of several times his cost. Moreover, those players would fight over these Hard Stones.

However, even Shi Feng could not afford 43 gold in a single transaction.

Fortunately, Shi Feng came prepared. He removed a pile of Level 8 and Level 9 Bronze Equipment and quite a lot of Mysterious-Iron Equipment from his bag. He had personally forged a majority of the equipment, while he had obtained the remainder from the Moonlight Forest. However, the most eye-catching equipment among was the Level 10 Secret-Silver ranked one-handed swords, the Silver Dawns, that Shi Feng had crafted.

Secret-Silver Weapons, even to a first-rate Guild, they were extremely rare. Normally, only the core upper-echelons of the Guild would possess two to three Secret-Silver ranked items, while the elites of the Guild could not even dream of possessing one.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng had filled the private room with equipment, dazzling the sight of all beholders. Making a general count, Shi Feng had over 500 pieces of equipment. Aqua Rose was instantly dumbfounded by this sight. Only after tens of seconds had passed did she gradually recover her spirit, and shock filled her eyes as she looked at Shi Feng.

One could easily outfit a large elite team with this much equipment. Moreover, Shi Feng had forged the majority. Aqua Rose was greatly confused at how Shi Feng could forge so much equipment all by himself. After all, she had personally witnessed forgers create equipment before. The process could be summed up in one word – slow. These were all Bronze and Mysterious-Iron ranked Equipment. If one were not careful while forging them, the result would easily fail. So, the process of forging equipment of such quality was definitely much slower than that of Common Equipment. Since the last time Aqua Rose met with Shi Feng, only a little more than three days had passed. Even if Shi Feng continuously forged equipment without sleep or food during this period, it should still be impossible for him to forge this much equipment.

“Miss Aqua, I already brought the equipment. State a price,” Shi Feng smiled.

Aqua Rose immediately felt as if she had been cheated. Originally, she intended to make a big profit off of Shi Feng. However, with 500 plus pieces of high-level equipment placed before her, even if she sold herself to Shi Feng, it still might not be enough...